BDSM Library - Slave Girls in Bondage




Slave Girls in Bondage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Civilization has collapsed and slavery became the basis of the society. Women were forced to obey any order they got. Nobody care about their needs. After all, they existed only to please.
                                     STANDARD DISCLAIMER
                                     ===================

The following piece of fiction is intended as ADULT entertainment and has been
posted only to an appropriate group on the Internet. If it is found in any
other place this is not the responsibility of the author.
All characters in this story are fictitious, any similarity to persons living
or dead is purely coincidental. The author does not necessarily condone or
endorse any of the activities detailed in this story, some of which are
dangerous or illegal.  This is not a very pleasant society as no one cares
about anyone else.  Learn from their mistakes.  Care about others.
	
Slave Girls in Bondage




Slave Girls in Bondage

Introduction

	Overburdened by its own corruption and inefficiencies, civilization has
collapsed only to be replaced by one with a different set of values, a different
set of morals, a different set of priorities.
	The basis of this civilization is slavery - women forced to serve the pleasure
of others.
	That comesome wench at the corner tavern, wearing a slave collar, high heels,
and little else? Perhaps last week she was someone's bitch boss.  Today she
seeks only to serve and please any master or mistress who wants her.  The ropes
and chains keep her helpless.  Her
	That pretty French Maid that greets you at the door?  Perhaps one woman's
boyfriend looked twice in her direction.  Now she has her revenge.  She exists
only to please her and of course, her demands are impossible.  (What better way
to keep a slave girl helpless than to put her in a miniskirt and high heels? 
Who would want to help such a creature?)
      There are certain laws which must be followed of course.  Within the walls
of any city-state, it is illegal to enslave any woman.  Lest you think these
laws are for the protection of women, it is not.  These laws were promoted by
the slavers. Women continued to be enslaved, only they controlled it.
	Even as we speak, there is a a helpless female, feeling the lash on an upturned
bottom.  Soon she will willing submit to be a slave girl.  She will yearn only
to feel the touch of her master or mistress upon the most intimate parts of her
body.  After all, she exists only to please.





Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 1

	Andrea Anderson thought herself the luckiest girl in the whole world.  She had
enrolled in the Acme College of Cosmetology only the month before.  She expected
to spend two years learning to make other women look half the beautiful woman
she was.  What happened was unbelievable.  She had struck up a conversation with
a woman who turned out to be the president of the college.  She needed an
administrative assistant and offered the job to Andrea.  There was even some
talk of making the beautiful blonde the college spokeswoman.  She certainly fit
the image of what a beautiful, sexy woman should look like.
	The beautiful blonde had no idea what the job entailed.  She had no training in
this field.  (Her primary experience in her 19 years had been in making herself
appear beautiful.)  Debbie Lawson, her boss, still managed to keep her busy. 
Sure the tasks were minimal, but Andrea was certain they would be expanded as
soon as she had some experience.
	"Today we are going to meet with a woman who might enable this college to
extend some of his ancillary functions."
	To be honest, Andrea had no idea what the woman meant.  She brushed her long,
blonde hair over her right shoulder as she waited for a better explanation. 
None was coming.  She felt no concern beyond that of worrying if her makeup was
on right.
	"Bring my carriage around in front.  I want you to come along.  It will be a
useful experience for you."
	The beautiful blonde quickly ordered the carriage, and waited at the steps in
front of the college for it to arrive.  Though she had a shapely body, Andrea
wore a long, black skirt with a matching jacket.  Only slave girls showed off
their bodies.  Andrea was dressed as any free woman would.  Still, it took
little imagination to realize what a voluptuous body she had, a body much to
soft and round to be wasted on a free woman.
	The carriage arrived after only a few minutes.  It was less a carriage than it
was a sulky.  Instead of horses, it had sixteen ponygirls, four rows and four
columns, hauling it.  Each had long, dark hair formed into a ponytail that
dangled down to the middle of their fannies.  They wore corsets with straps that
held up their sheer black stockings.  Except for high heeled sandals, they were
naked.
	Andrea walked around in front of the team.  Each ponygirl in the front row wore
a set of blinders so she could not see to either side.  The elaborate harnesses
made it impossible for them to turn their heads from side-to-side.  All they
could do was stare straight ahead.  (The ponygirls in the following rows all
wore black leather blindfolds.  They did not have to see where they were going.) 
These slave girls stood in the prescribed manner, legs spread far apart to show
that anyone had access to their bodies.  Andrea grabbed the tits of the first,
squeezing them tightly while her fingertips played across the nipples.  It took
only seconds for her to get the desired result.  The slave girl's nipples became
hard and pointed as she became aroused.
	Andrea moved on to the second ponygirl to repeat the torment.
	The first ponygirl uttered a muffle protest (all the bitgag would allow).  She
wanted the woman to continue to play with her body.  (What was the use of
standing with her legs spread if no one availed themselves of her pussy?)  She
was only a slave girl though.  What she wanted did not matter.
	Andrea had just started fondling the last ponygirl in the front row when Debbie
emerged from the building followed by a purse slave girl.  Though she needed a
purse, it made no sense for her to carry it around when she had a slave girl who
could do it for her.  The slave girl who followed at the end of a leash wore a
traditional black satin French maid's outfit, complete with a little white, lace
apron.  Two things about the outfit though  would garner anyone's immediate
attention.  First, it was extremely short, the ruffled hem ending at the top of
the stockings in front, and at the bottom of her fanny in back. It was short
enough in front to tantalize any watcher with hints of what was hidden beneath
it, and short enough in back so her bottom cheeks were always visible.   The
noticeable thing was the low neckline, so low in fact that her nipples were
visible in the white, lace ruffles.
	Though she wore a traditional French Maid's outfit, her function was anything
but traditional except to a mistress. As a purse slave girl, she wore a special
leather belt to which Debbie had attached her purse in back.  With her arms
encased in a black, leather single glove, the young captive could do nothing but
stand there.  Debbie had no need to carry a purse, not as long as she had a
slave girl around to do it for her.
	Debbie removed the purse from the belt, handed the end of the leash to Andrea,
then removed a blindfold and a dildo from her purse.  She gave both to Andrea.
	"Tether her over there, and use these on her."
	Andrea fairly jumped at the chance.  She envied Debbie because Debbie had the
most beautiful slave girls.  This one was one of the best of an outstanding lot. 
Using the leash, she led her captive to a stone wall near the entrance to the
college.  There was a ring about five feet above the ground.  She locked the end
of the leash to the ring.
	The slave girl knew how to act.  As soon as she stopped walking, she stood with
her legs spread as far apart as she could.  Andrea licked her lips in
anticipation of the ecstasy she was about to cause.  Slowly she inserted the
dildo into the slave girl.  The slave girl's nipples, already hard and pointed
at the sight of the toy, seemed ready to explode by the time the blonde stopped
pushing.
	The next item was the black leather blindfold.  Andrea moved around behind the
captive to buckle it in place.  The slave girl would have to stand in darkness,
holding the dildo inside her until someone came for her.  If it fell out, she
would be most severely punished.
	This slave girl was blue-eyed and blonde.  Andrea knew she was beautiful, but
did not realize how closely she resembled the slave.  She did not suspect that
this blonde slave had been her predecessor as assistant to Debbie.
	The mistress had climbed into the seat of the sulky by the time Andrea
finished, and motioned for the beautiful blonde to sit beside her.
	It took only a few minutes for them to reach their destination.  The building
was just a couple blocks from the slave market.
	"What place is this?  It looks like a palace?" Andrea asked.
	"It is the home of the official legate from Saphos."
	"Oh, Amazons."
	The Amazons had their own city, though they had missions in every city
throughout the known world.  Only a few people knew that their purpose was to
find new slaves to satisfy the lusts of the Amazons.  Everyone knew they were
expert slavers with a seemingly inexhaustible supply of slave girls.
	Andrea had often wondered about the Amazons but had never been brave enough to
ask about them.  (She certainly did not want to bring attention to herself. 
With her long blonde tresses, beautiful face, and well-developed body, she would
be a prime candidate to end up wearing a slave collar.  This time was different
though as she was there with Debbie.  She was certain the older woman would take
care of her.)
	Besides, they were inside the walls of the town.  She was protected by the laws
here.  No one would dare to do anything to her.  She felt safe.
	"Why are we . . . here?" she asked as they alighted from the sulky.
	"The Amazons have certain distribution, uh, facilities, that, uh, would allow
us to explain the sale of our own cosmetic line."
	What she said was such a obvious lie that she could not believe the blonde
actually believed it.  Debbie decided this young woman certainly deserved her
fate.
Marlena looked upon Debbie as she would any other woman.  She judged her solely
on how much she would bring in the marketplace as a slave.  The price would be
considerable.  Still, the tall brunette had a business proposition that would
force her to delay things.  With bosoms as large as hers, she would be a welcome
addition to the slave stables in Saphos.
	As Debbie and the Amazon leader talked in low voices, the blue-eyed Andrea
looked about her in amazement.  Never had she seen so many slave girls in one
place, outside the slave market, at one time.  There had to be dozens of slave
girls standing about.  It was hard to tell the difference between one slave girl
and another, but she thought she recognized one or two of them.  She wondered if
they had been enslaved by the Amazons.  She quickly discarded that thought. 
They were within the walls of the city.  They were protected by the laws.
	These thoughts ended abruptly when an Amazon slapped a three-inch wide piece of
tape across her mouth.  She tried to jerk her arms up to get it off, but other
hands held her arms behind her back.  She felt the rope encircle her wrists but
paid no attention to it.  Her thoughts were on the white, and satin slave hood
being pulled down over her head.  It was double thickness with a pink, satin
drawstring.  Once the ribbon was pulled and tied in a bow, no light at all could
get through to her eyes.
	Unseen hands pushed her to her knees.  She felt them tying her elbows together,
and only realized then that her hands were bound behind her.  She twisted and
pulled, but the knots held.  She was a helpless prisoner.  The ropes about her
upper arms, just above the elbows were pulled, drawing her elbows together. 
When the touch of her captoresses' hands disappeared, the position of her arms
remained unchanged.  She was incapable of moving her arms much at all.
	Still, they continued to apply ropes to her body.  She felt one encircle both
her upper arms and her chest.  There were several passages about her body,
securing her bound arms against her back.  She twisted her body back and forth
in a vain attempt to get free.  Nothing she did helped gain her any freedom. 
Next, the hands pushed her downwards so she sat on her calves.  Only then did
she realized that her legs were bound too, one set of ropes about her ankles
another about her lower thighs.  She felt them do something to the ropes about
her chest and the ones about her ankles.
	When the hands withdrew, she struggled to get free, but she had been bound by
Amazons.  There was no escape.  Still, she had to struggle.  She twisted,
pulled, and squirmed, all to no avail.  Her futile struggles caused her
captoresses to erupt into laughter.  She pleaded with them to release her, bu
the tape gag insured she made no sounds anyone would want to listen to.
	A foot pressing against her back sent her falling forward on her front.  For a
second she stopped struggling.  When she started anew, she discovered that her
feet were pulled back behind her.  She jerked several times without being able
to get free.  She knew she was hogtied with no chance of escape.
	"So what is this business proposition you have for us?"
	"As you no doubt know, my College of Cosmetology has the most beautiful women
as students."
	"That is why there are so many of us in this town.  Many of your students never
arrive here."		
	"That is your problem.  I'm sure you enslave a few here in town, but not as
many as you would wish.  For a percentage of the profits, I let you pick
whichever you want. The problem is that you cannot have too many students
disappear without drawing attention to your operation. I can fix that."
	That aroused the Amazons interest.  While there were many ways of getting a
captive out of the city, they had to limit themselves to a choice few to keep
from drawing attention to their operation.
	"How?"
	"It is simple.  When you enslave a woman, she simply disappears.  There is no
record, and though people may look, they never find anything.  If too many
disappear though, there may be too much interest.  My college has the most
beautiful women attending it.  They come from all over, and after they graduate,
they take jobs all over.  You simply tell me whom you want.  When you take her
captive, I have the paper work in place that shows that she took a job in some
other town.  This will drive searchers looking in all directions.  They will
simply think most are too frivolous to write.  It is a perfect setup."
	While this discussion was going on, the beautiful blonde was trying her best to
escape.  She thrashed back and forth on the floor, hoping to find somewhere to
get loose and to get out of there.  Had she been a collared slave girl, they
would have punished her severely for trying to escape.  Since she was only on
her way to slavery, they would tolerate her actions.  Escape was impossible, all
her captoresses knew that.  The blonde would be a most submissive slave girl
once she accepted that thought.
	"The coach is here."
	"You have to promise not to reveal any of our secrets," Marlena warned Debbie. 
This was a backup plan for expedient movement.  She did not trust Debbie to tell
her all their secrets.  Whatever the tall brunette might write down or tell
anyone else would be worthless.
	The coach made a stop at a nearby tavern in case there were any passengers
wanting to board.  Sometimes there were, but it did not matter.  The coach
blocked the view of anyone not inside the Amazon's headquarters.  That was the
plan.
	Without a word being said, one Amazon cut the rope that held the beautiful
blonde in a hogtie.  As soon as Andrea's feet came down to the floor, two pairs
of hands grabbed her by the bound arms to pull her to her feet.  A fourth Amazon
bent down a little before slinging the helpless captive over her shoulder. 
Quickly she carried her outside.
	Andrea wanted to resist, but there was nothing she could do about it.  She was
still helplessly bound.  If she could not escape on her own, she knew they would
never let her get free while they were about her.
	Two Amazons hurried out ahead of the rest of the party.  With special keys they
turned recessed bolts in the sides of a projection on the back of the coach. 
The back lowered to form something resembling a table.  The Amazon carrying the
helpless bundle tossed her in.  The blonde's bound feet tried to kick but it did
no good.  Grabbing her feet, she tossed them inside.  Quickly she raised the
front of the box.  The two worked their keys, securing the board in place.  The
coach looked no different than it had before, only this time there was a
sensuous bundle of femininity locked inside.
	"So that is how you get women out of town," said Debbie, surprised at the
simplicity of this.  She had no need of the Amazons.  Something as simple as
this, she should have thought of it herself.
	"This is just one of the ways we have.  It is simple and does not require
planning.  We have other ways.  We can use bulk methods if we have a dozen or
two."
	"A dozen or two?"
	"Remember that 'Miss Glamor Queen Contest' last year?  The contestants all left
town suddenly."
	"You caused that?  We wondered what happened to them.  We had several students
who were contestants.  Where are they?"
	"Various places.  Here and there.  We shipped some back to Saphos.  The others,
while beautiful and sexy, did not meet our standards.  Most of them are still
here in town, though I have no idea where they are.  We do not keep records
about them once we sell them."
	She did not have to add that no one would recognize a slave girl as a former
free woman.  The best anonymity of slave girls was to put them in public in
extremely abbreviated, extremely sexy attire.  All they noticed were the supple
boobs and long legs.  No one noticed a slave girl.
"Shall we go?  I am certain lovely Andrea will feel lonely without our
attention."
	Lovely Andrea's ride in the back of the coach did not last long as their
destination for her was the Amazon camp outside the city's walls.  While it
ostensibly served as a transfer point for slavers, it also was the enslaving
point.  Women brought outside the walls, such as Andrea, or lured out, or in
some other means falling into the hands of the Amazons, would arrive there. 
Properly collared, they could be brought into the town as slave girls.
	The coach stopped at the bottom of the grade where the slavers had their camp.
The Amazons were not the only slavers present outside the walls of the city. 
They also were not the largest dealers.
	The coach stopped for just a few minutes to see if there were any passengers
wanting to get on there.  Hidden from the town's guard posts by the tents, it
was easy for the Amazons to open the hidden compartment.  Most times it was
empty, but a few times a week it held a squirming, helpless bundle.
	Andrea knelt in the center of the road, the satin hood insuring that she had no
idea where she was or what was going on.  Once the coach was gone so no
passengers could see what they did, two Amazons drew the captive blonde to her
feet.  One squatted a little to get her over her left shoulder.  Carefully she
made her way into one of the tents.
	Since she had no idea who had sent this woman to them, she took her to a
special holding area.  In a smaller tent to the side there were special "bondage
boxes."  The attendant opened one at the Amazon's approach.  The two lowered
Andrea's body to the ground, then turned it so she faced the box.  She yielded
without much of a struggle as they pushed her to her knees.  She knelt on the
floor of the box with her throat against the semicircular groove cut in the top. 
The attendant closed the back up, so another groove came against the back of the
blonde's neck, trapping her head in a circle of wood.  The latches were closed
and the padlocks applied.  (True there was no way for the captive to get out
even without the padlocks, but by adding them, they added to the captive's
abject sense of helplessness.)
	"Let's see what this one looks like," one said as she stepped around in front
of the captive.  Loosening the drawstring, she pulled the satin hood off.  "Oh,
this one is nice!"
	"I agree.  We are going to have fun playing with her."
	Giggling, the two left, leaving Andrea alone.  The blonde tried once again to
get free, but now there were additional levels of bondage holding her captive. 
Escape was impossible.  Not only did the ropes keep her prisoner, but now she
was locked into a wooden box.  Even had she not been bound, she could not have
escaped.
	She tried to look to one side then the other, but discovered that was
impossible.  Raised pieces on the sides of the holes pressed against her jaw
bone.  She could not turn her head without having a sharp edge dig into her
flesh.  She had to be content to stare at the side of the tent before her.
	After an indeterminable period, two women appeared before her.  She recognized
one from the Amazon headquarters.  She thought she was the one in charge.
	"Prepare her for some entertainment."
	The beautiful blonde had no way of knowing what she meant by "entertainment." 
Little did she realize that the "entertainment" would be her submission.
	She had other things to think about at the time.  The second Amazon, the one
she did not recognize, slipped a leather blindfold from her belt.  Since it was
loosely buckled, all she had to do was slip it over the blonde's head and pull
on the working end to tighten it.  This blindfold consisted of a pair of leather
pads with the insides lined with foam rubber.  When the Amazon tightened the
strap, it pressed the leather pads against Andrea's beautiful face, forcing the
foam rubber to compress to the contours of her face.  She could see nothing, and
bound as she was, she could not remove the blindfold either.
	She heard the sounds of the padlock being opened, followed by a cool breeze as
the box was opened.  The pressure of the wood about her neck eased so she could
move.  She did not though.  She intended to remain right where she was as long
as possible.  That totaled five seconds.  Hands dragged her out and to her feet. 
Once again she found herself slung over someone's shoulder and carried to some
unknown destination.
	Unceremoniously, she landed on her bottom on the ground.  She fell backwards,
but immediately sat upright.  That position lasted only a few seconds as a rope
about her ankles provided a method of drawing her feet in the air.  Higher and
higher her feet went.  Once all her legs were drawn off the floor, her bottom
was pulled up.  Her weight rested on her shoulders, but not for long.  Less than
a minute after being dumped on the floor, she hung upside down by the feet.
	That was when the Amazon went to work with a disrobing knife.  The hooked knife
was razor sharp so she could slip it under the material and cut it without
scratching the soft flesh.  To get some of the material out from beneath the
ropes required some tugging and cutting, but the Amazon was used to this job. 
It took her less than five minutes to have the blonde completely naked.
	Being blindfolded, Andrea could not see who was in the room.  On the far side,
a pair of pony girls waited.  Each wore a leather corset that had special
sleeves so the wearer's arms could be secured to her side.  Though each leather
garment came almost to the throat, a pair of large holes allowed the large bosom
to stick through.  The pony girls wore blinders so they had no idea what was
happening.  There only function was to do what their mistress demanded. 
Disobeying meant punishment.  They always obeyed.
	The two were hitched to a special cart with a vertical pillory on it.  The
Amazon first brought the team of pony girls over near Andrea.  She easily lifted
the captive blonde in the air and set her down on the cart.  Pushing her head
forward and down, she got her throat against the bottom curve of the pillory. 
With her left hand on the back of the blonde's head to hold it down, she put the
upper piece in position.
	"Giddy up," the Amazon said as she flicked the end of a long-handled whip
against the bare bottom of the nearer pony girl.  The naked captive jumped
forward.  Her teammate started forward at the same time, but that did not stop
her from receiving a stinging blow to a supple bottom cheek.  The Amazon used
the reins to guide them from the tent, across a small open space, and into
another tent.
	Pulling back on the reins, she brought the team to a halt.  Quickly she freed
Andrea's head, but immediately pulled her to her feet.  When she had the captive
positioned under a rope, she put her down.  She tied the end of this dangling
rope to the blonde's wrists (so there was no way she could reach the knots.) 
Quickly she cut the ropes holding her arms to her body.  She could now swing her
bound arms about, but with her legs tied, she could not go any where.  With her
job done, she returned to work.
	Marlena and Debbie were outside examining a group of slave girls who knelt
submissively at their feet.  Though completely bound, they were not gagged. 
Each knelt with her tongue sticking out so the two women could inspect them.
	Each young woman had her elbows bound behind her back by a leather strap that
ran from one upper arm to the other so they could not pull their hands forward. 
A set of manacles between their wrists kept them from pulling their hands back. 
Each hand cupped a large boob, pushing them together and up, an offering to
their mistresses.
	"You say these are not experienced slave girls?"  Debbie said as she studied
the protruding tongue of a cherry blonde.
	"This time yesterday they were free women.  Now all they care about is pleasing
us."
The two made their choices and watched as all four were silenced with ballgags. 
Black leather blindfolds were added.  An attendant took the two chosen into the
tent where Andrea waited.
The remaining two were dragged to their feet and repositioned so they knelt
facing each other.  The two knew what torment awaited them, so they did not have
to be told to spread their knees as far apart as they could.  An Amazon removed
the straps and then opened one end of the manacles.  As soon as her hand was
free, each captive put her manacled hand behind her back, and let her other hand
be guided down between her sister's slave's legs.  The manacle that was attached
to the wrist behind the back ran down to the hand between her legs.  The naked
captives were busy fingering each other even before the gags were removed.  When
the Amazon pushed the two heads together, the two began a lengthy, sensuous kiss
with constant tongue action.
	"In a couple of days they will be happy to please any woman," Marlena said with
a chuckle.  Some would spend months practicing on other women, then be abruptly
sold to men.  It was a delightful way to punish an enemy.
	The two entered the tent.  A slave girl in an abbreviated, black satin French
Maid's outfit waited behind a bar.  A couple of Amazons stood at the far
entrance testing leather paddles.  The two slave girls they had chosen knelt in
front of their seats.  The center of attention was Andrea, standing helplessly
in the room.
	"Have a seat while I get the festivities going."
	Debbie sat down.  In less than a minute she was moaning in pleasure as the
cherry blonde buried her face in her crotch.
	Marlena was not idle.  Selecting a leather slave collar from the extensive
collection in a box against the tent wall, she turned to Andrea.  A nod of the
head told one of the Amazons to remove the blindfold.
	"Whether you like it or not, Andrea, you are about to become a slave girl.  I
will be most generous about it though.  We can easily force you to beg for it,
but I am willing to let you avoid unnecessary punishment.  All you have to do is
agree to be a slave girl."
	The beautiful blonde angrily shook her head.
	"I was hoping you would say that."  Another nod.  The Amazon picked up a
leather paddle and moved into position behind the blonde.  "Wait a minute." 
Turning to Debbie she asked, "Would you like to be the one to start the ritual."
	"Yes!"  The tall brunette bounded to her feet, adjusting her clothing as she
crossed the tent to where the blonde waited.  Behind her an Amazon popped a ball
gag into the mouth of the waiting slave girl.  The slavers knew that if you gave
a captive no freedom at all, she would quickly decide that escape was
impossible.
	The young blonde was unable to resist at all.  Bound and tethered as she was,
it was impossible for her to move about.  With her legs bound together, she
might have been able to spin about (had she thought of it),. But it would have
done no good at all.  She was destined to be spanked by this woman who had
arranged for her to be turned into a slave girl.
	"Here, this will make it easier for you."
	One of the Amazon's grabbed a ring dangling down from overhead.  So occupied
was she with her bondage, helplessness, and total nudity, that Andrea had not
noticed it.  The rope to which the ring was attached ran through a mechanism
overhead.  This mechanism included a set of pulleys.  As the woman pulled down
on the ring, the rope drew Andrea's hands in to the air.  She bent her knees a
little, sticking her bottom out.
	She was in the perfect position for a spanking.
	Debbie stood next to the captive blonde so her left side was pressed against
Andrea's.  Her left arm went around her waist to hold the target steady.  That
left her right hand free to spank her.
	"Could I have a paddle, or something?"
	"Do it without.  It is much more fun with bare hand to bare bottom."
	Debbie glanced down at the white fanny to her left and below her.  Grinning she
looked up and nodded.
	Slap. 
	Andrea's body jerked a little.  The pain was not too bad, but she knew it would
get worse.  Slap.  Slap. 
	She tried to move her feet about, but bound as she was, Debbie had no trouble
choosing the target area. 
	Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap. 
	The spanking had turned form uncomfortable to slight pain.  She was unable to
see what was happening, but her pristine white bottom cheeks were turning a warm
rosy color under the constant blows. 
	Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap. Slap.  Slap. 
	Andrea twisted and tugged at her bondage, but nothing she did allowed her to
stop her punishment.
	Finally Debbie tired.  (After all, she was not an Amazon.  She lacked the
stamina, the heart, the practice.)  She backed away, still staring at the
helpless blonde.
	"I would have to say that warmed her up a bit."
	Marlena approached the captive with a leather slave collar in her right hand. 
She held it up for Andrea to see. 
	"This is your slave collar.  We can avoid any further unpleasantness if you
agree to get down on your knees, crawl over to me, and place you neck in this
collar as a symbol of you submission."
	The blonde did not want to be a slave girl.  Others were supposed to please
her. She was not meant to go around serving the pleasure of others.  Violently,
she shook her head.  Monica grabbed her chin tightly so she had to stare into
her eyes.
	"I was hoping that would be your answer."
	She returned to her seat.  She leaned forward to removed the gag from the
kneeling slave girl at her feet.  This naked captive immediately plunger her
face into the Amazon's crotch.  Marlena's hands clutched at her head.  So ardent
was this new slave girl's efforts to avoid further punishment, that the Amazon
had trouble concentrating on the task at hand.  She nodded in the direction of
one of the Amazons.  "Let the games begin."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter Two

	"The rules of your submission are quite simple," the Amazon told the captive
blonde as she grabbed her by the face with her left hand, cupping Andrea's chin
with four fingers on one side and her thumb on the other.  She held on tightly
so the beautiful captive could not move her head at all.  She was not being
unnecessarily cruel.  She knew that it was important to convince a slave girl of
her helplessness from the very beginning.  Once she was docile, she would try so
much harder to please.
	The Amazon held the black leather paddle up against Andrea's chest with her
right hand.  The punishment device was too low and the Amazon's hand was
blocking her view, so the blonde could not see it well, but she felt it as the
woman rubbed the edge of the lather device up and down across her bare nipples. 
"We will spank you until you want to be a slave girl.  Oh, you will want to be a
slave girl in just a few minutes but it is not that easy to earn a collar. 
Before you can do that, you have to willingly stick your butt out for one
hundred swats.  If you do not bend over on your own so your bottom sticks out,
the swat does not count.  Simple is it not?"  The woman raised the paddle to let
it caress the blonde's left cheek.  Andrea tried to turn her face away, but
could not.  There was nothing she could do, bound as securely as she was.  The
Amazon knew her business.
	"Do you understand these rules?"  The captive blonde shook her head as much as
the Amazon would allow.  It was not that she did not understand the Amazon's
threats.  (Even an air head such as Andrea  understood the rules of her
submission.)  She shook her head in protest of what they were about to do to
her.  Still, she was in no position to stop them.
	"Position," the Amazon announced.  "When you want to submit, bend down when you
hear that word.  Let those titties of your dangle down while you ass sticks
out."  She waited a full second (to give the blonde time to comply, though she
would have been surprised if she had).  A ring dangled down from overhead.  It
was suspended from one end of a rope.  The rope ran through a complicated set of
pulleys before dropping down a meter away, ending up at the blonde's bound
wrists.  By pulling down on that ring, she forced the rope to roll through the
pulleys.  As the rope grew longer where she stood, it became shorter where it
ran down to Andrea's hands.  Slowly the rope drew her bound hands into the air,
forcing her to bend over.  In seconds, she stood with her head bowed, the end of
her long blonde tresses on a pool on the floor.  Her knees were bent as best she
could.  Her bare bottom stuck out, ready for a spanking.
If the Amazon let go of the ring, it would remain locked into place.  There were
two ways to unlock it.  If she jerked down a second time on the ring, the rope
would become free so it could pass through the system of pulleys, allowing the
blonde to stand upright.  A second method was to release the lock on the pulleys
by stepping on a pedal on the floor.  Though she used the foot pedal, she did
not let go of the ring.  She knew it would take a dozen or more swats on the
fanny to get the captive blonde to acknowledge her submission.  No woman ever
passed through this punishment without begging to be a slave girl.  The sooner
Andrea submitted, the sooner the fun would begin.
	"Position."  Whop! "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	The first blow landed squarely across both bottomcheeks.  As the Amazon drew
the paddle back for the next blow, she saw the white flesh began to turn pink
where the leather had landed.  After two or three blows, all the flesh in the
target area showed tinges of pink.  The blonde would have found it most
uncomfortable to sit down, but fortunately, slave girls spent their time
kneeling instead of sitting.
	Nothing the blonde did, kept the Amazon from beating her with the leather
paddle.  She tried to keep from sticking her bottom out so far, but the strain
on her shoulder became too great.  She had to bend over, and though it might
have been her imagination, it seemed to her that her bottom was sticking out far
in this position.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	The Amazon knew her job.  She made certain that each blow landed on a new spot. 
They wanted to spread the sore area around.  Later it would be impossible to
find a spot that was not a rosy shade of red.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	Without warning the Amazon quit, handing the paddle to another woman who took
her place.  They were professional slavers who knew what they were doing.  The
first Amazon would rest up while the other two replaced her.  The severity of
the blonde's punishment would never slacken because her tormentor had grown
tired.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	Debbie quickly lost interest in the proceedings before her.  The slave girl on
her knees with her face between her legs had a bright red fanny from her
spanking.  She did not want another spanking on top that.  The slave's tongue
stuck out as far as she could, and moved as quickly as she could.  She was
rapidly learning to be a good little slave girl.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	The third Amazon replaced the second.  The delay between swats was only a
couple of seconds.  Andrea's head hung down limply with her long blonde tresses
streaming down each side of face.  She saw nothing but the ground before her. 
She was not aware that the woman smacking her behind was not the one who had
started.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	What else could the buxom blonde do but submit?
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	The Amazons would continue spanking Andrea with that terrible leather paddle
until she did what they wanted.  Nothing she did would stop them from punishing
her further.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	The first Amazon resumed her place in line, noting with satisfaction that the
blonde's bottom was bright red.  She knew from experience that her resistance
would not last much longer.  All Amazons had a low opinion of blondes, assuming
that all were fit for nothing but a slave collar.  No future slave girl, blonde
or brunette, ever lasted long under this type of punishment.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	Andrea wanted them to stop.  She was willing to do anything to get them to
stop.  She tried begging through the gag, but that failed.  "Mmmmmmmmm."  Not
only could no one understand her, no one heard her.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Position!"  Whop!  "Position."  Whop!
	Her bottom throbbed with each blow.  She knew she had no choice.  She would
rather be a slave girl than to have them beat her fanny.
	"Position."  The beautiful blonde bent over without the Amazon having to pull
down on the ring.  Her butt stuck out.  Whop!  "One."
	Debbie completely missed the first blow that counted as she was in the throes
of another orgasm (her eighth).  By the time she was aware of what was going on
before her, Andrea had already helped several times with her punishment.
	"Position." Whop!  "Seven.  Position."  Whop.  "Eight.  Position."
	The Amazons continued to rotate, so the spanker was always fresh.  If anything,
the force of the blows increased once the buxom blonde yielded to their demands. 
The entire process of turning a woman into a slave girl was based on making it
so she would be willing to do whatever they demanded.  She would know she had
helped them beat her into submission.  That knowledge would help turn her into a
submissive slave girl.
	"Marlena, we have visitors."
	The Amazon leader was several orgasms ahead of her partner, but she seemed
unaffected.  An Amazon had such experience being "serviced" by slave girls that
there were few that were really memorable.
	"Position."  Whop!  "Thirty-eight.  Position."
	The three women who came through the opening were all Amazons, which was
clearly evident by the black leather outfits they wore, and the various bondage
accessories attached to their belts.  (An Amazon always had to be ready for
"targets of opportunity."  Who knows when they might come across a shop clerk or
school teacher who would be much more beautiful wearing a slave collar (and
little else))?					
	"Nadia.  What are you and Lori and Becky doing here?"
	Nadia brushed her waist-length black hair over her right shoulder as she
glanced in Debbie's direction.  The implication was clear.  She doubted this
non-Amazon should hear what she had to say.
	"Business."
	"You can talk in front of Debbie.  We are business partners.  I think you are
going to find this proposal quite to your liking."
	While Debbie took the words at face value, the Amazons knew that Marlena meant
to turn her into a slave girl.  Whatever she said would not go further.  As a
slave girl Debbie's mouth would be silenced with a gag.
	"Nancy Leigh is heading this way.  We are beefing up our defenses to try to
stop her."
	"Damn!"  The four Amazons erupted into laughter.
	"What?"				
	"There is a group out there called 'Dominant Anti-Amazon Mistresses.'  We call
them 'Daam.'"
	"Oh."  Debbie still had no clue what was going on.  She relied on her looks and
forceful personality to succeed.  With her beautiful face and voluptuous body,
she was exactly what the Amazons looked for, and it certainly was not as a
business partner.
	"Do you remember about a year ago in Nexttown, there was a riot against the
Amazons?"  Debbie nodded.  She did remember that.  "Nancy was the one behind it. 
Daam has the theory that Amazons make the best slave girls.  They convinced the
townspeople that they were right.  Everyone turned on the Amazons."
	"I think we lost about half the Amazons in the town," Becky chimed in.  "I was
there.  I escaped through a secret passage under the town's walls."
	"So you think she is coming here."
	The three nodded.  "Lori and I are going to find jobs as whip mistresses. 
Becky is going to open a Bondage Shop without letting on that she is an Amazon. 
If Daam is up to anything, we will hear about it.  When they make plans to help
her arrive, we will be ready."
	"Oh, you were not fast enough on that one.  Position."  Their attention was
drawn back to the captive blonde who had failed to stick her bottom out fast
enough to suit the Amazon.  That blow was as hard as the others, but did not
count.
	Whop!  "Thirty-eight.  Position."	
	Andrea received the remaining sixty-two swats on her fanny with no mishaps. 
Every time she heard the command "position" she bent her knees slightly so her
bottom protruded, making it a ripe and tempting target.  The Amazons were quick
to avail themselves of it with the paddle.  They believed a blonde served two
functions.  One was to have her face between your legs.  The other was to stick
her ass out so they could spank it. 
	The blonde's head hung down at the conclusion.  The Amazon who had administered
the last four swats grabbed her long tresses to pull her head back so the
captive could see her.  "Do you want to be a slave girl?  Or do we start over?" 
The blonde nodded weakly.  Anything was better than having her fanny beaten like
this.
	The Amazon let go of her hair, letting Andrea's head drop back down.  Moving
around behind the captive, she cut the ropes binding her thighs and ankles
together.  Her hands and arms remained bound behind her back.  As a slave girl
she might be able to move about a little, but she would not be allowed any
degree of freedom.
	The Amazon then untied the knot at the end of the rope.  This rope had served
not only to keep the captive in that one place and to provide a means of forcing
her to bend over, it also kept her upright.  Once support from the rope was
gone, Andrea fell to her knees.
	"Crawl over here, Blondie.  I have a present for you."
	Andrea looked up.  Marlena held a black leather slave collar in her hands.  She
did not want to be a slave girl, but neither did she want another spanking like
the one she had just endured.  She knew she had no choice.  Slowly she moved
across the floor on her knees.  Each knee moved forward only a couple of
centimeters, but with each centimeter she drew closer to her own doom.
	"Put your throat right here."  Marlena's right hand held one end of the collar. 
Her left hand supported the other end with her index finger pointed to the
center.
	She lowered her head, placing her throat against the leather band.  The Amazon
brought her knees together to pin her head into position.  There was no backing
out now.  The beautiful blonde was going to be a slave girl.  Marlena held the
leather strap in place with one hand, while her other hand pulled Andrea's long,
blonde tresses out of the way.  Once the nape of her neck was clear, the Amazon
buckled the ends of the strap together, using a small padlock to insure that it
did not come off unless se wanted it to.
	When she was done, Marlena released the grip she had on the blonde's head with
her knees.  Andrea had no chance for freedom though as the mistress grabbed her
by her long tresses to pull her head up and closer to her face.
	"Now things get interesting.  You will make a most beautiful slave girl." 
Turning her head toward one of the Amazons she added, "Get her dressed and bound
in a suitable fashion."
	The kneeling blonde turned her head to see who came up behind her, but her
movements were too slow.  The Amazon slipped a black leather blindfold over her
head.  The twin pads covered her eyes so no light at all got through.  Once the
woman pulled the strap at the back of her head, the blindfold was tightly
fastened to her head.  She could see nothing.
	She felt them fumbling with her collar as they attached the end of a leash.  No
orders were given to her as none were necessary.  She was only a slave girl. 
She had only to obey.  They dragged her to her feet.  Hands turned her about
while another pulled on the leash.
	Andrea looked very much like the obedient slave girl she was becoming as she
followed the Amazon at the end of the leash.  Resistance was impossible, and
even if she managed to break free, what could she do?  She was stark naked,
bound, gagged, and blindfolded.  Anyone she chanced upon would not hesitate to
turn her into a slave girl.  There was nothing she could do but obey.
	"Stop.  Spread your legs wide apart.  Further.  Further!  Now bend over keeping
your knees straight."
	The buxom blonde was afraid that she was in for another spanking in that
position, but this Amazon had a new torment in mind for her.  With the blindfold
covering her eyes, the blonde captive could not see the mistress select a rather
large rubber dildo from a box.  She walked around behind the naked captive. 
With her left hand she grabbed a fistful of hair to keep the captive under
control.  With her right she moved the dildo between the blonde's legs and into
her from behind.
	"Mmmmmmmmmfffttt!!!"
Andrea wanted to straighten up to keep the woman from finishing the job of
inserting the shaft in her, but she could not.  As her head came up, the woman
twisted her hair, pulling down as she did.  Andrea managed to get her head up a
few inches, but she remained bent over as her mistress had demanded.
	"Now I want you to remain bent over like that until I tell you otherwise."
	The Amazon removed the blindfold.  Though the beautiful blonde had worn it for
only a few minutes, it took a whole minute for her eyes to adjust to the light.
	Andrea looked about her.  It was very evident that she was in some sort of
slave quarters.  This part of the tent had a wooden wall running along the long
side.  Tethered to ring mounted in it were half a dozen slave girls in various
degrees of undress and bondage.  All were turned to look at her.  Andrea guessed
she looked very ridiculous in that position.  They could not see the dildo
protruding from her (though they had no doubt seen the Amazon insert it).  From
where they stood they could see her large boobs dangling down.
	There were several objects in the room that the captive beauty was afraid to
look at.  Most were wooden with leather straps.  She knew they were instruments
of torture for some poor unfortunate slave girl.  She was afraid that if she
looked at them, someone might want to try one of them out on her.  Her bottom
still burned by her spanking.  She would do anything to keep from being spanked
again.
	The Amazon returned with several hangers containing the skimpiest (and most
sensuous) clothing the blonde had ever seen.  She hung them neatly from a
garment rack not far away where the blonde stood bend over.  Approaching her
blonde captive, she reattached the en of the chain leash to the ring on the
front of her collar.
	"Okay, Blondie, over here."
	The captive beauty straightened up.  It was evident that she was to follow,
even if it meant the dildo might fall out.  She walked the few meters across the
floor with her legs spread apart.    The movement of those most sensitive parts
of her body on the dildo made her aroused.  She struggled again with the ropes
binding her arms behind her back, not this time in any thoughts of escaping, but
in frustration at being able to get that dildo deep inside her.
	A pair of wood posts were solidly mounted in the ground.  The Amazon led her
near one of them so she could grab the end of a chain hanging down from a ring. 
At the end of the chain there was a clasp which she brought up to the blonde's
slave collar.  She attached it to a ring on the side of the collar.  Now that
the captive was tethered again, she removed the leash from the ring in front. 
From there she walked to the other post to get the chain hanging down.  It
attached to the ring on the left side of the collar.
	This left Andrea tethered between the two posts without the ability to move
more than a few centimeters in any direction.  The Amazon was far from finished
with her.  Grabbing the blonde's right leg just below the knee, she pulled it
out a half meter.  Quickly she looped a leather cuff about the captive's ankles. 
This cuff had a metal ring that was attached to a short chain that ran to a
similar chain on the post.
	Though her legs were being spread far apart, Andrea had other things to think
about.  She was worried what the reaction would be if the dildo fell out of her. 
She tightened every muscle to try to hold it in.  (It dawned on her why slave
girls always had flat stomachs.  She guessed them spent a lot of time using
muscles she never thought about having.)
	The Amazon grabbed her left leg, pulling it outwards just as she had the right. 
She had the cuff almost on when the dildo fell out with a dull thud.
	"Oh!  I think someone is looking for another hundred swats on the fanny."
	The Amazon finished securing the cuff in position, then set about shortening
the chain.  As her legs went apart, the blonde's head went lower.  The Amazon
continued shortening the chains and drawing the blonde's legs further apart,
until the chains to the slave collar were taut.
	"Are you ready for you punishment?"  The captive could not see that the woman
had picked up the dildo as she stood up.  She held it behind her back so Andrea
could not see it.
The blonde answered with a series of mumbled pleadings.  She did not want
another spanking.  While her bottom was sore, she was certain that with her legs
spread this far apart, there more inviting targets for the woman to strike.
	"Perhaps we can work a deal."  The blonde nodded vigorously.  She was willing
to do anything to keep from being spanked again.  The Amazon ripped the tape
from her mouth. "Kiss me.  Hard.  With your mouth open, and use lots of tongue." 
With the tape removed from her face the captive beauty could have screamed out
for help.  (Of course no one would have helped her.  And she would have been
punished, but all that did not occur to her.)  To keep the blonde silenced, the
Amazon planted her mouth on Andrea's.  The young captive had no choice but to
respond as she had been ordered.  Her lips parted.  Before she could move her
tongue outwards, she felt the woman's between her lips. 
	The blonde pressed her face forward against the woman's mouth.  If she had to
kiss another woman, fi she had to kiss another woman passionately to keep from
being spanked again, she would do it.
	"Mmmmmmm."  Andrea moaned a cry that was far difficult from those she had while
being spanked and gagged.  The Amazon had her right hand up between her legs. 
She let her fingers play across the blonde's pussy, then plunged her index
finger inside.
	Andrea's body stiffened.  She tried to pull her head back, but the Amazon kept
her from doing that.  As her head moved back the Amazon's moved forward, her
tongue continually extended, always probing into Andrea's mouth.
	"Mmmmmmmmmm."  The second moan was a little more passionate than the first. 
Andrea was becoming aroused by this skillful manipulation of her body.  She
wanted to find some sort of release for her passion, but the ropes that held her
captive kept her from doing anything except through her lips.  She felt the
Amazon's tongue within her mouth.  Hers moved past the mistress's lips, finding
new joy with a woman that she never could have imagined the day before.
	Suddenly the Amazon pulled back slightly.  The hand that had been between the
blonde's legs grabbed her face, finger tips pushing the cheeks in between her
teeth so she had to keep her mouth open to keep from biting herself.  The other
hand thrust the dildo past the open lips.  "Suck it clean, or I will give you
another spanking."
	Andrea looked down at the end of the dildo protruding from her mouth.  A minute
before it had been stuck in her, now it resided in her mouth.  The juice on it,
she knew, was her own.  She did not want another spanking.  She rubbed her
tongue all over it to make it clean.  Sucking on the end of the shaft, she drew
it a little further into her mouth.  She knew she was well on her way to
becoming a most obedient slave girl.
	The Amazon wasted no time in getting the blonde dressed as a slave girl.  The
first garment was a garter belt.  This was pink satin with white satin ruffles. 
She looped it about the slender waist, adjusted it, and reset it so it rested on
her hips.  The mistress then turned her attention to the sheer black stockings,
releasing one leg at a time so she could pull the sheer garment up each leg.  As
she pulled her hands slid up the blonde's legs, pulling all wrinkles out so each
stocking was on perfectly.  The Amazon then adjusted the length of the straps
before attaching the tabs to the tops of the stockings.  She repeated the
process a second and then a third time to insure that they were on perfectly. 
When she finished with each leg, she reattached the leather cuff so Andrea was
forced to stand with her legs spread.
	The panties were black satin bikini briefs.  (Okay, so the black did not match
the rest of attire. It would match certain bondage accessories the woman
intended to add.  More important, it insured that anyone who saw shiny, black,
knew they saw her panties.  Andrea knew that too.  She would assume that anyone
looking at her was admiring her panties.  Of course, there were other reasons
for putting panties on a slave girl, but the blonde was too concerned about
sucking the dildo clean to think of them.)
	The skirt was very abbreviated.  It was pink satin and flared to insure that
the wear was showing her panties (or bare bottom) whenever she moved.  In front,
the hem came to the top of the stockings.  It provided some modesty, but was
still extremely short.  In back in was an inch short of the bottom of her
buttocks.  Thus anyone could see her panties where they completed the curved of
her bottom and disappeared between her legs.
	The halter top was made of the same pink satin as the skirt.  It was made in
such a way that it pushed the wearer's titties together and up.  Andrea's
already large boobs were made to look even bigger.  The Amazon grabbed the
blonde's tits through the material, massaging the nipples with both hands until
both were hard and pointed.
	The shoes were pink, patent leather sandals with six-inch heels.  One strap
went about the ankle, another across the top of her foot.  The special buckles
had locks built in.  Once they were on her feet, Andrea would not be able to
take them off.
	Next came a black leather belt that was three inches wide.  (It, and her slave
collar, matched her panties.)  The Amazon tightened it about Andrea's slender
waist.  In front there were three small buckles.  Each had a built-in lock. 
Once the belt was fastened about her waist, it was not coming off without
assistance (and who in their right mind would help a slave girl escape).
Secured to the belt in back was a large D-ring.  The Amazon quickly moved behind
her captive.  With a short rope she tied the blonde's right arm to the ring. 
With another she tied her left.  Only then did she cut the ropes binding her
wrists and elbows together.  With these two new ropes, the captive was still as
helplessly bound as before.
	The Amazon crossed the tent to a large wardrobe containing various items
suitable only for a slave girl to wear.  Selecting a pair of shoulder-length,
pink satin gloves that matched the rest of her attire.  The woman tossed them
over her shoulder.  With a wicked smile on her face, she returned to the blonde
captive.
	"Are you doing a good job?"  The blonde nodded.  The Amazon grabbed the end of
the dildo where it protruded from the blonde's mouth.  She twisted back and
forth as she slid it in and out.  "I expect this thing to be completely clean. 
I am certain you have a lot of experience with the real thing, so this should be
easy for you."
	Walking around behind the helpless captive, she cut the rope securing her right
arms to the ring on the belt.  The blonde had no freedom at all as the Amazon
twisted her arm so she could put the satin glove on her right arm.  She took the
same care in putting it on as she did with the stockings.  When she finished,
the Amazon twisted the blonde's arm back into the original position.  Quickly
she retied the rope.  She then repeated the process for her left arm this time
tying a knot so her wrists crossed..  With both arms encased in pink satin, she
applied another rope to the blonde's wrists.  When she was done, Andrea's
crossed wrists were bound together at her waist.  What she did not realize was
the rope, D-ring and leather belt conspired to keep her hands at waist-level. 
She could not use her hands to protect her bottom.
	The Amazon moved around in front of the captive.  Without a word she jerked the
dildo from the blonde's mouth.  Again she held her face so her mouth was open.
	"Pucker up!"  She then applied light, frosted pink lipstick to the blonde's
luscious lips.  The shade of pink did not exactly match the pink of her attire,
but it was not meant to.  The important thing was that it contrasted with the
natural color of her lips.
	"Now open real wide!"  As she said that the Amazon puled a ball gag from her
belt.  The blonde whimpered as the mistress shoved the rubber ball between her
teeth.  Putting one hand on top Andrea's head, she pushed it down.  After
pulling the working end through the buckle as far as she could, she fastened it. 
When Andrea raised her head, the strap pulled the ball gag deeper into her
mouth.
	She was going to be saying nothing for a while.
	The Amazon attached a chain leash to the ring on the front of her collar. 
Holding the end tightly in her hand, she removed the chains that were attached
to the rings on the sides of the collars.
	"Come on, Slave Girl.  You have a little training to undergo, then you can show
your mistress just how much a good little slave girl you are."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 3

	 The beautiful blonde discovered that it did not take her long to adopt the
mannerisms of a slave girl.  Wearing those high heels, she easily adopted the
fluid gait expected of a slave girl, one that caused her bottom to sway
gracefully from side to side.  The Amazon congratulated her on her ease of
learning, and called others over to watch.  All who watched had to admit that
she was extremely sexy and beautiful as she moved.  Andrea, who was not very
bright to begin with, did not realize that this was all a show to convince her
that she was meant to be a slave girl.  She began to think that maybe what they
said about blondes was true.  Perhaps she had been destined to wear a slave
collar, and to bring pleasure to others.
	When the woman led her into the tent where Marlena awaited her, she fairly
oozed across the ground with the graceful swaying of her bottom.  At her
mistress's feet she knelt with her knees spread far apart.  She was a slave girl
offering her body to her mistress.
	"You look so much more beautiful this way," the Amazon said, hardly able to
control herself at the thought that this beautiful blonde was her possession.
She smiled.  "Why don't you show us your panties?" 
	The blonde knew that was not a request, but an order from her mistress.  Her
bottom still burned from the severe spanking she had suffered through an hour
before.  She did not want to go through another spanking.  Slowly she raised her
right knee in the air, until she could get that foot planted on the ground.  She
pushed upwards, almost falling over.  (She had trouble maintaining her balance
because of the high heels and the inability to use her arms.)  Staggering about,
she turned about, allowing her mistress to get her first look at the beautiful
blonde's arms securely tied to the ring on the belt.  One glance told the Amazon
that there was no way the captive beauty could escape this bondage.  Carefully,
Andrea bent over so the hem of the short skirt was raised in the back.  The
panties did a totally inadequate job of covering her bottomcheeks.
	"Very beautiful.  Now I want you to move your body so your head moves to the
left.  Let Debbie see what beautiful panties you have."
	The blonde was blushing as she turned her body.  She was being inspected as
though she was a side of beef in the market.  Or more appropriately, as though
she was a slave girl about to be sold.  She had no idea how close that was to
the truth.
	"Now straighten up, Andrea.  Turn around and walk over here.  We have a little
ritual to perform."
	As she straightened up, the blonde's blue eyes opened wide in fright.  She had
forgotten about that.  Whenever a slave girl came into possession of a new
master or mistress, he or she was obligated to give that slave girl her first
spanking.  It was done across the knee.  It was done by the bare hand on bare
flesh.  It reminded the slave girl of just how helpless she was.
	Once the blonde stood so their knees almost touched, Marlena spread her legs
apart, reaching up under the short skirt to grab the young captive by the hips. 
She pulled Andrea a few centimeters closer, then let her hands slide up her
bottom to the waistband.  Smiling at the blonde, she slowly peeled the shiny
panties off her bottom.
	Andrea had forgotten that there was an old maxim: The only reason a mistress
put panties on a slave girl was to give her the opportunity to take them off. 
The blonde stood there passively, acting the part of the good little slave girl
she was rapidly becoming.  Marlena pulled the panties down below the blonde's
well-rounded bottom cheeks.
	The Amazon then pulled the blonde over her lap so her bare fanny rested on her
leather-clad thighs.  Her left arm encircled the blonde's waist to insure that
she did not fall over her lap (and thereby hurt herself).  She flexed her right
hand as she smiled at Debbie.
	"The stupid bimbo is practically drooling at the sight of this slave girl," she
thought.  "I wonder what she would think if she knew that I have this fate in
store for her."
	Smack!  Andrea's body straightened out, her legs and head coming up.  The blow
landed on her right cheek.  It was not hard, but since her bottom was already
red from her previous spanking, it hurt.  Smack!  She had no recovered from the
pain of the first blow, when the Amazon delivered the second on the other check. 
Smack!  The blonde's legs began to kick.  Smack!  Smack!  Marlena alternated
cheeks.  Smack!  Smack!  The cheeks were already red so she could not use that
as a gauge of when to stop.  Smack!  Smack!  She stopped only when she wanted
to.
	The mistress pushed the blonde off her lap so she landed at her knees.  She was
certain the young captive had learned her lesson.  She was only a slave girl.
She had done nothing wrong, and yet she had been punished.  The ritual first
spanking taught the slave girl to obey every order without thinking.  To disobey
was to suffer the consequences.
	The bound beauty knelt with her head was bowed so her long blonde tresses
covered her knees and formed languid pools of gold on the ground about them. 
The spanking had hurt, doubly because it was on top the severe beating she had
just suffered through.  Her head was bowed, not from pain, but from the
knowledge that another woman had intimately spanked her, bare hand to bare
flesh.  It had pleased the mistress to do that to her.  She knew she existed
only to please others.
	Her fate as a slave girl was about to get worse though.
	Marlena held up a small wooden paddle, a circle of wood about six inches in
diameter mounted on a handle.  To insure that the captive saw it, she grabbed a
handful of her hair and jerked up.  When Andrea's face came up, the first thing
she saw was that paddle.  "I think a couple dozen of these are in order.  A
couple of dozen on each cheek," she added.
	The blonde shook her head.  (If she tried to utter the word "no," the gag
filling her mouth had done a most excellent job of silencing it.)  She pleaded
with her big, blue eyes.  She was willing to do anything to avoid another
spanking.  Total submission was exactly what the Amazon wanted of her.
	"Perhaps you would like to find some other way to thank me for turning you into
a slave."
Within seconds, the beautiful blonde knelt with her face pressed into her
mistress's crotch.  Her tongue probed deeply into the woman's pussy.  She bent
her head back to make eye contact.  She did not dare take her gaze away from the
woman who would determine her fate.
	Marlena grabbed the blonde's head as she began to achieve another orgasm.  She
drew the captive's face tighter against her pussy.  The blonde continued to
stare upwards, but the Amazon's pubic hair partially obstructed her line of
sight.
	While this was going on, another scene was unfolding within the town.  The
slave market had its auction at two every day.  Before then, the prospective
customers were allowed to view the merchandise closely before it was put up for
sale.
	This day, Gina Gibbons came through to inspect the various slave girls that
would be sold.  All were beautiful and sexy, but they did not meet her
expectations. 
	Gina was one of the most beautiful women in town, and she knew it, and she made
certain that everyone else knew it also.  She flicked her long, dark hair over
one shoulder while she complained loudly of the poor quality of the merchandise. 
Most people would be happy to own any of these slave girls. But she wanted
everyone to know that her standards were higher.
Accompanying her was Cindi Collier and Jane Juno.  Cindi was a tall blonde with
extremely large boobs.  Jane was about as beautiful as Gina with a nicely
proportioned body.  They followed Gina because they like the way others treated
them.  Gina's arrogance and money paid off  with increased respect when they
were with her.
	"Why don't they have any good slaves for sale?"
	Now it happened that at the market that day was Deirdre Young.  Deirdre was not
an Amazon, but she worked for them periodically on a commission basis.  She knew
the type of woman the Amazons wanted.  Gina, Cindi, and Jane all fit the bill. 
With a little luck she could persuade them to let her sample Gina's copious
charms before they shipped her off to Saphos.
"You don't know about the special market?"
	"What special market?"
	"Shhh!"  Gina had fairly screamed her reply.  "The market the slavers have. 
The rich people get the first chance to purchase the best slave girls before
they are brought into town for sale."
	Gina considered herself rich.   She knew no reason why she should not be
included in this group.
	"Where is this market?"
	"Go out to the Amazon camp.  Just tell them Deirdre told you about the preview
market.  That is the key word.  Preview market.  Do not let them tell you 'no.'"
	Now going outside the city walls was a risky proposition for a young woman. 
Gina felt safe though.  Her sycophants Cindi and Jane would be with her. 
Besides, she was both rich and powerful.  She had a lot of important friends. 
(Little did she realize though that those friends were only interested in
getting a slave collar around that lovely throat of hers.)
	"Come on.  We are going to find some good merchandise."
	Back in the Amazon camp, Marlena shoved the bright red rubber ballgag into the
blonde's mouth.  The strap was already loosely buckled so all she had to do was
to slip it over her head.  When she pulled on the working end, the strap
shortened, securing the rubber ball firmly in Andrea's mouth.  The strap was on
top those long, lovely tresses, but the Amazon did not intend for her to wear it
long.
	"Now I want you to crawl over to Debbie and thank her for setting you up to
become a slave."
	The kneeling blonde turned to her left.  Centimeter by centimeter, she made her
way the meter and a half that separated the two mistresses.  In a minute she
knelt before her former employer, staring at her pussy.
	"Please, Mistress, let me thank you for turning me into a slave girl," the
blonde captive whimpered as soon as the ball gag was removed.  When Debbie
pointed toward her pussy, the blonde crawled forward a few more centimeters,
before lowering her head.
	"You know, Debbie."
	"What!  Ohhhh!   What!  What!"
	"Why don't you keep Andrea?  As a present.  Think of it as a show of good faith
for our coming business partnership."
	The bound blonde heard this conversation, and managed to stifle a tear or two. 
They were giving her away as though she was some used piece of clothing.  Well,
as she thought about it, there really was little difference between a slave girl
and a piece of clothing, though a mistress was liable to take better care of her
clothing.
	"Would you like that?"  Debbie grabbed the blonde's head with both hands,
forcing her to raise her face to look into her eyes.  "Would you like to be my
own, personal slave girl?"
	That was the last thing she wanted.  She knew how Debbie treated her slaves. 
Okay, she had treated them the same way, but she was certain that anyone else
would be a better mistress than Debbie.  Still, she was a slave girl with a
bottom that still burned from her first spanking.
	"Yes, Mistress."
	When Debbie had come several times, they took Andrea out to dress her again for
her triumphant entry into the city as a slave girl.  Debbie walked outside to
get a look at the supply of slave girls they had tethered about.  Becky
immediately grabbed Marlena.
	"Why did you give that blonde away?  She is prime stuff.  You should have sent
her to Saphos!"
	"All in good time.  I want to cultivate Debbie.  How you noticed the size of
those titties of hers.  She will make a most admirable addition to our stables. 
In the meantime, I intend to let her think that she is equal to us."
	She motioned another Amazon over.
	"I want you to find out all you can about this college of cosmetology.  I want
to know everyone connected with it, their positions, and their responsibilities. 
This is too good an opportunity to pass up.  As soon as she can replace Debbie's
people with ours, we will let her grace one of our slave collars."
	The Amazon turned back to Becky.  "Then our little blonde will be ours again."
	The Amazons returned with the blonde slave girl just a few minutes later.  They
had changed her clothing a little.  They had removed that travesty of a
minidress she wore, along with the panties.  All she wore was the corset,
stockings, and high heels, hardly what one would call "clothing," and yet quite
appropriate for a slave girl.  When the woman leading her came to a stop, Andrea
stopped, spreading her feet about a meter apart.  The Amazons smiled with
satisfaction.  The blonde was rapidly becoming a good little slave girl.
	Andrea followed where she was led.  There was nothing else she could do.  She
made no sign of resistance at all, knowing that such an act would result in
another severe spanking.  One of the Amazons held the end of her leash.  She
simply walked where she was led.
They led her out a side entrance to the pavilion, and down a walk toward the
road.  They had planned a coffle to enter town late in the day, and Andrea would
be part of it.  Until it was formed and ready to go, she would wait with the
others.
	The other slave girls waiting for the coffle were secured in a series of
pillories at the bottom of the grade.  They were positioned in such a way that
their naked fannies were directed toward the road.  Everyone who came down would
see them.  This was also an offer to sample the wares.
	They led their blonde captive around behind the first slave girl. When the
Amazon tugged on the leash, Andrea dropped to her knees.  She knew what they
wanted her to do.  That slave girl's pussy was immediately in front of her face. 
She knew there was nothing lower than a slave girl who had to service another
slave girl's pussy, but her mistress wanted her to do this.  When the ball gag
was removed from her mouth, there was no obstacle to her eating her
sister-captive.
"Make her come.  That is one of the advantages of being one of the early ones. 
You get eaten more often than you have to eat."
	Andrea pressed her face against the woman's bare bottom so she could stick her
tongue into the woman's pussy.  She pressed her face harder against the red
cheeks as she began to wiggle her tongue.
	She made that naked captive come once.  They shoved the ball gag into her mouth
as they maneuvered her behind the second.  The gag came out and her face moved
forward, tongue out.
At that point the Amazon's attention was diverted by the arrival of three women
from town.
"So where are they?  Where are all the good slaves you have been holding out on
us?"
Gina was not one to garner many friends wherever she went.
	"What are you talking about?"
	It took only a minute for the beautiful brunette to explain the situation that
she could have done in ten seconds.  Marlena looked at her friends with a blank
look on her face, stunned by Gina's audacity and general stupidly.
	"Who told you that?"
	"Deirdre Dearing."
	"Diedre, hmmm, Diedre.  Carrie, show them where we keep them."
	The Amazons ignored Andrea while they watched their comrade lead the three
women around behind their pavilion.  They said not a word until the three had
disappeared from sight beyond a slight rise of ground.  They all erupted into
laughter.
	"Remind me to give Deirdre double her usual finder's fee."
	Debbie looked at the Amazons about her with an expression on her face that
clearly indicated that she thought they had lost their collective minds.  Then
it dawned on her.  "You mean you do not..."
	"No."  Marlena gestured in the general direction Gina and her friends had gone. 
"Some of you go help Carrie."
	They turned their attention back to the blonde who finished making the last of
the slave girls come.  Now it was her turn.  They pulled her to her feet. 
Before she was completely upright one of the Amazons was already shoving the
ball gag back into her mouth.  Her head was pushed down to make it easier to
fasten the ends of the strap together behind her head so those long tresses were
not trapped underneath.  When the Amazon finished, she let go and the captive
beauty raised her head.
	While this was going on, they dragged her feet apart, fastening a leather cuff
about each ankle so she could not draw her legs together.  Secured so she could
not run off, they untied her hands.  She paid no attention to what they did to
her hands though, as her interest was on the pillory in front of her.  One
Amazon unlocked it, then raised the upper part high in the air.
	"Okay, Blondie, your head goes here." She patted the center groove.  "And one
wrist goes here and here."
	The naked beauty leaned forward to grab hold of the lower part of the pillory
with both hands.  Slowly she lowered her head until her throat was against the
lower groove.  As she moved her hands to the outer grooves, an Amazon pulled her
hair forward so it all dangled down from her head.  When the two pieces of the
pillory were secured together, her long tresses would not be trapped.  Andrea
looked to the left where her left hand rested on the groove in the wood.  She
glanced back to the right.
	As soon as her hands were through the groove, the Amazon lowered the upper part
of the pillory.  Another Amazon grabbed it to hold it as it descended so it
would not slam down.  Carefully she brought it down so the two pieces of wood
touched.  The woman applied a large padlock, but there really was no reason to. 
There was a spring-operated locking device that engaged as soon as the two
pieces touched.
	The captive beauty fully expected to be spanked again.  She wished the ball gag
was not in her mouth so she could plead with them not to punish her.  Since she
had submitted only a couple of hours earlier, she had done everyone they wanted. 
She saw no need for them to spank her again.
	While they intended to torture her again, it was not physical pain they
intended to inflict this time.  The torment this time would be much more subtle. 
There were a number of slave girls they intended to take into town that
afternoon.  Many of them would end up bent over the pillories alongside the
blonde.  Each would act as she had before being locked into one of the
pillories.
	The next girl was brought over almost as soon as Andrea was locked into
position.  The beautiful blonde had to wait her turn though.  She was the fifth
girl in line.  It took the slave girl almost half ah hour to reach her.  Andrea
felt the young woman's tongue in her.  It took only a couple of minutes for her
to come.  That slave girl then moved onto the pillory beside the blonde where
she was locked into the same position.  Andrea was barely aware of what happened
to her new neighbor as she felt the lips and tongue of the next slave girl
pressing against her pussy.  She began gasping as she felt herself coming again.
	"So what do you do when you have more than twenty slave girls?"  Debbie had
counted the number of pillories set up in the row, and discovered there were
twenty.  She knew the coffles of slave girls the Amazons brought into the city
often exceeded twenty.
	"The most we can handle here is forty.  When the twenty-first slave girl
reaches the end, she replaces the first who makes her way down the line.  When
she reaches the end of the line, she crawls back here and takes her position on
the end.  The twenty-second slave girl replaces the second and so on."
	"What if you have more than forty?"
	"We line them up alongside the road, legs spread, panties off.  There always
will be some man willing to help in their education as slave girls."
	Debbie knew what the Amazon meant.  Chemical pollution had so permeated the
bodies of men and women that they were significantly different from what the old
textbooks taught.  Men had developed a form of priapism that would give an
erection for hours at a time, several times a day.  One philosopher once
remarked that they could arrest the decline of civilization merely making more
war than love.  (He was promptly stoned to death.)
	For women, the changes were different, but no less important.  Breasts now came
in three sizes.  A woman with "small" breasts used a bra with a "C" cup.  Normal
size (such as Andrea's) was a "D" cup.  And the large ones (such as Debbie's)
were "Double-D."  Since genetic engineering years
	The offshoot of this was that men would take advantage of any slave girl's
pussy offered to them.  If the newly collared slave girls of the Amazons were
lined up along the road, every man coming by would avail them of at least one.
	As Debbie watched her blonde slave girl moan loudly through the ball gag as she
shook with another orgasm, an interesting scene was developing not far away.
	The blonde was held spreadeagle by wire ropes attached to leather cuffs and a
ball gag harness.  One rope ran from her left ankle, through the pulley on the
post to her left, up to the top where there was another pulley, down through a
ring on top the ball gag harness, back up to a crosspiece, down the right post a
short distance to a pulley, then to her right wrist.
	The effect of this all was that she could not move at all.  She was naked and
helpless.  When Gina came up, she first noticed the container of switches in
front of the captive.  (They were more than two meters in front of her so she
could see them.)  Looking up, she saw the red marks on the inner thighs of the
captive.  Gina had no idea what she had done to deserve this, but she was
certain that she could not do it again.
	Reaching down, she grabbed one of the switches.  Flicking it through the air,
she started forward.
	As she extended it so it against the blonde's pussy, Jane walked up with a
puzzled look on her face..
	"Have you seen Cindi?  I saw her talking to some Amazons, then they all
disappeared."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter Four

	Back in town, another scene was developing with consequences little different
from those outside the town walls.  The Amazon's name was Clarissa.  She reached
over to pat her dining companion on the forearm as she gave her a Cheshire cat
grin.  "It will go as we planned," she said as she stood up.  "Just do it the
way I told you.  She will be putty in your hands."
	"When do I get paid?"
	"There is an inn out the walls.  'The inn of the Dancing Slave Girl.'  Have you
heard of it?  Good.  Come there after you are done.  Shelly will send her money
to us there.  We will give you your share then."
	The Amazon went before her business partner to the register to pay for her
meal.  (They had agreed to minimize the amount of contact between them.) 
Everyone knew that anyone meeting with an Amazon was plotting the enslavement of
a woman. (When two Amazons were together, people thought the same.)  While there
was little likelihood that Paulette Peters would hear of this meeting, it made
sense to draw attention to themselves.  Janice had several other friends with
voluptuous bodies.  Arranging for them to become slave girls could prove
profitable.  She could not afford to allow her business venture with Clarissa to
become well-known.
	Clarissa went to the counter to pay for her meal, but found she had to wait. 
And wait.  And wait.
	The clerk at the cash register stared at the young man standing across the
counter from her with love in her eyes.  She was oblivious to everything else
about her (including Clarissa).  The Amazon noted the look that the man gave
her.  Rather than love, she was certain he was imagining what she would look
like wearing a slave collar and little else.  Clarissa hated waiting in line,
particularly when the cause was a young woman just begging to be turned into a
slave girl.
She looked closer at her name tag.  Robyn.  The Amazon smiled.  Robyn's light
brown hair was pinned at the back of her head, indicating she was a free woman. 
She was beautiful with a delightfully curvaceous body and big brown eyes.  She
would look so much more beautiful on her knees with a slave collar firmly locked
about her throat.  Robyn.  She would enslave this clerk for making her wait, but
she would do it in such a way that the captive would suffer imaginable
humiliation.  Robyn.
	Once Clarissa had left the cafe, it was Janice Jason's turn to leave.  Okay,
she had to wait also.  Her solution was to complain to the manager.  Robyn
frowned at her as she took her money.  She cast a glance at the young man before
opening the till.  Janice drummed her fingertips on top the counter to show her
impatience.  She was in a hurry.  She had someone to meet.
	The object of the discussion between the two was Paulette Peters.  Paulette
wanted to marry Ronor, but he had chosen Shelly instead.  Paulette knew she
could win him back.  What was the point of having huge tits if you could not use
them?  The buxom brunette was certain that if she could talk to him she would
have no trouble winning him back.  Okay, Shelly was pretty, but her body did not
compare to hers.  The problem was her rival had Ronor's servants in her pay so
she could not get in to see him.  There was another way though.  She would dress
herself up as a slave girl, and have herself delivered to his house as a wedding
present.  She was certain that he would take one look at her body and want to
marry her instead.  (Okay, she was not too brilliant to begin with.  Clarissa
had prompted Janice into subtly suggesting this so Paulette thought it was her
idea.)
	Before she met with the Amazon, Janice had accompanied Paulette to a store that
specialized in various items for slave girls.  No one paid attention as Paulette
held the various items up against her body to see what they would look like when
she put them on.  One marketing expert estimated that sixty percent of all sales
of slave girl and bondage items went to free women who wanted to pretend they
were slave girls.
	When the two left the shop, Janice went to see Clarissa while the buxom
brunette went to a room in a nearby tavern that the two had rented earlier in
the day.  Paulette gave the key to Janice so she could allow herself into the
room.
	Once alone in the room, Paulette had certain the door was locked.  She threw
the bolt and tested it by pulling on the handle before she was certain no one
could open it.  She certainly did not want anyone else to come barging in on her
while she was helpless.  She carefully hung up the minidress they had chosen. 
She did not want it to get wrinkled.  The various bondage items and slave girl
attire went on the bed where she could get to them easily.
	Now that she was ready to begin, she stripped off her clothing.  The tee-shirt,
jeans, white cotton bra and matching panties ended up on the bed.  They were the
clothing of a free woman.  She would go see Ronor as a slave girl.  How could he
possibly resist her?
	She pulled the pins from her hair, letting her long dark hair fall down.  Free
women wore their hair up because they could.  Slave girls had no choice.  They
wore it down.  Many said it made them look more beautiful.  Everyone knew
instantly that a woman with her hair down was a slave girl.
	She chose the garter belt first from the little pile on the bed.  Her fingers
slid across the smooth satin.  The garter belt was light green, with black lace
ruffles.  She chose a green and black motif for her outfit.  The minidress was
light green as where her sandals.  The panties and stockings were black.  The
garter belt was a combination of each.  She knew she would look very sexy in
this outfit.
	She wrapped the garter belt about her slender waist and started getting dressed
(so to speak).  Once it was on, she pulled on the sheer black stockings,
adjusting the seams in back so they were straight.  Several times she had to run
her hands up her legs to make certain that all the wrinkles were out of each. 
She glanced at the door again before bending down to slid her hands up her legs
from the ankle to the upper thighs.  She enjoyed the feel of the stockings.
	The buxom brunette then adjusted the length of the straps and attached the tabs
to the tops of the stockings.  She crossed to the full-length mirror on one wall
to examine her clothing.  She saw a wrinkle or two in each that displeased her. 
Again she smoothed out the material before reattaching the tabs.
	She slipped her feet into the shoes.  The shoes were sandals with two straps to
hold them on her feet, one across the top of her foot and the other around her
ankle.  This insured that she could not slip out of them.
	She looked at them before trying them on again.  As with all slave girl shoes,
there was little to them.  She knew it would be uncomfortable wearing them since
they had a six-inch spike heel.  She wondered how she was going to walk all the
way to Ronor's without falling down.  She pressed her lips together.  "I should
have bought these a couple of days ago, and practiced with them," she said out
loud.  She wondered if there was some way she could be delivered to Ronor as a
package, but that would simply draw attention to herself.  Slave girls went
around in high heels at the end of leashes so their bodies and helplessness
could be enjoyed by everyone who saw them.
	She walked over to the full-length mirror on a wall.  She was very sexy.  She
wondered how Ronor could ever resist this body.  She would have him by the end
of the day.
	She went back to getting dressed, though there was not much more to do.  The
panties were black satin bikinis ones that tied on each hip.  (A simple tug on
either of the bows would cause them to fall off.)  It took her several minutes
before she had them on right.
	She returned to the mirror to see what she looked like now.  A small triangle
in front covered her pubic hair and little else.  Turning around and looking
over her shoulder, she saw that the larger triangle in back did a totally
inadequate job of covering her fanny.  In other words, it was a perfect fit.
	For this little bondage session, she did not want the dress to get mussed so
she had bought a black satin halter top to wear.  She did not want to flaunt her
large boobs, even in the privacy of the room.  The halter top consisted of a
pair of large triangles, connected together by black satin strings that were
secured by bows.  It was just as with the panties.  Pull on the bow between her
boobs and they would fall out of the halter top.  Do the same to the bow behind
her back, or the one at the back of her neck and those marvelous titties of hers
would flop into sight.
	She looked at herself again.  The halter top lifted her titties without
presenting any support.  She bent forward a little as she moved her shoulders
forward and back.  The supple mounds jiggled merrily.  She grinned.  Ronor would
like that.
	The only remaining items to put on were the shoulder-length black satin gloves. 
The buxom brunette sat with her back to the bed as she worked.  It was difficult
to get the gloves on but she knew the effect would be stunning.  The typical
attire for a slave girl were stockings, a garter belt, and gloves, items that
hid nothing and emphasized all the choice parts of her body.
	She was now dressed as a slave girl.  The only thing missing was the bondage
and the collar.  She picked up the collar, looked at it closely for a few
seconds, held it against her throat to see what her reflection looked like with
it on, and dropped it on the floor.  That was a step she wanted to delay.  Once
she had the collar on, everyone would consider her to be a slave girl.
She chose the ballgag next.  Again, she looked at it, but this time she went
ahead and used it.  With her right hand, she thrust it into her mouth.  It was
larger than what she expected so she had to use the fingertips of both hands to
shove it past her teeth.  Reaching up behind her neck, she buckled the ends
together under her long black hair.
	She examined herself in the mirror again from several angles.  Her gag seemed
to make her look so much more beautiful.  "Mmmmmffftt!  Mmmmmffftt!"  She
grunted through the gag.  The muffled sound she knew could not be heard outside
the room.  Once she was bound, she could not call anyone to come to free her (as
though she would actually want anyone to see her dressed in this most revealing
attire).
	Now it was time for the bondage.  She sat on the floor to attach the end of the
chain leash to a ring on the leg of the bed.  She used a small padlock to secure
it there, then used another to fasten the other end to the leather collar.
	At this point, she took all the keys and attached them to the lower ring on the
front of the collar.  The keys to her bondage would be right where she knew they
were.  If she was upright, she would feel them dangling against her chest.  But
being bound, there would be no way she could reach them to free herself.  When
Janice came to free her, she would know where the keys were.
	The bondage device she had chosen consisted of a pair of handcuffs, a chain and
a leather strap called a hogtie harness.  The clerk had shown them several
different varieties, and offered to demonstrate on one of the slave girls the
store kept to model the items.  They had been in a hurry though, much to the
regret of both young women.
	Sitting cross-legged on the floor, Paulette wrapped the strap about her ankles. 
Once she had drawn all the slack from it, she buckled the ends together.  She
secured it there with another padlock.
	The buxom brunette then twisted around on the floor so her head was near the
leg of the bed.  It was now time to use the slave collar.  She wrapped it about
her head, using another padlock to secure it in place.  She grabbed it at her
throat to pull with both hands.  It would not come off.  It was permanent unless
the key was used.
	She felt her nipples growing hard and pointed against the carpeting.  She began
to understand why so many women risked being enslaved to allow themselves to be
dressed and bound as a slave girl.  There was something sensuous about being
helpless.
	All that remained now were the handcuffs.  She lay on her front, and raised her
feet back toward her head.  That brought the handcuffs within reach.  She paused
for thirty or forty seconds as she contemplated what she was about to do. 
"Ronor will not be able to resist me," she thought to herself as she fastened a
steel cuff about one wrist, then the other.
	What the buxom brunette had done was to secure herself in a rather right
hogtie.  The chain connecting her wrists to her ankles was only a few
centimeters long, forcing her to keep her legs bent back.  The shortness of the
chain made it so she could hit the bottoms of the high heeled sandals with the
back of her head if she pulled her head back a few centimeters.  Because her
ankles were crossed, her knees were spread far apart.  She would not be able to
roll onto her side in this bondage position.
	Paulette had planned on resting her head on the floor while she waited for
Janice to free her, but she had miscalculated the severity of the position.  To
get into this position, she had to draw her shoulders up off the carpeting.  The
only part of her head she could get to the carpet was her forehead, and that was
uncomfortable.  She could do nothing but keep her face raised in the air.
	The buxom brunette had intended to lie there until Janice came to free her, but
it was inevitable that she had to test her bondage just to see if she was
helpless.  She twisted her hands about without being able to gain any freedom at
all.  Every time she moved, she felt a tug on the strap about her ankles.  She
tried to straighten her legs out, but there was no slack in the chain at all. 
She wondered if she could move about.  It took only a few seconds for her to
realize that she could not roll onto her side because of the way her knees were
spread.
	Turning her head to the left, she looked at the leg of the bed.  The chain
appeared in sight about ten centimeters from the bed leg.  She saw how it was
fastened to the ring on the piece of wood.  She could not see where the other
end was locked to her collar, but she knew it would not come off.  Perhaps, if
she wiggled really hard, she might be able to move away from the bed a little. 
The total distance she moved though would not be longer than the length of the
chain.
The only thing left to try was the gag.  She certainly did not want anyone to
find her bound as she was.  She grunted several times through the rubber ball
filling her mouth with confidence that no one could hear her.
	Eventually she became convinced that escape was impossible without assistance. 
She would remain bound where she was until Janice came for her.  She could only
lay there and wait.
Janice in the meanwhile was enjoying her second cappuccino as Clarissa gave her
some final tips.
From the cafe, Janice made her way leisurely to the inn.  She did not want to
seem to anxious to get the buxom young woman bound.  Clarissa had told her to
try to talk Paulette out of continuing.  She believed that would only impel the
woman to continue.
	At the front desk, Janice asked several questions and smiled at the answers. 
Half an hour after she arrived, she finally went to the room to see what
condition her friend was in.
Just as she had hoped, Paulette lay on the floor in a tight hogtie.  The captive
tried to turn her head around to look at her, but because of the tightness of
her bondage, she could not.  Janice walked around in front of her so the young
woman could see her.  To make it easier on her, she squatted down.
	"So how is it going?  Ready to give up?"  Paulette's reply was a pair of
grunts.  Janice took them to mean 'no.'  "I have a little surprise for you." 
Without explaining, she unfastened the end of the chain leash from her collar. 
Paulette began to grunt in protest as her friend flipped her over on her back.
	Paulette did not like this position at all.  Sure, it was painful because her
handcuffed hands were under her back.  That was not the reason though.  In this
position her knees were spread far apart.  Janice appeared at her feet grinning
broadly.  Slowly she reached forward to probe the captive's belly button with
her index finger.  There was no pain, but it did tickle.  Paulette squirmed
around with being able to get free.
	"I do not think we need these," the woman said with a giggle as she extended
both hands toward the captive beauty's hips.  "Mmmmmffftt!  Mmmmmffftt! 
Mmmmmffftt!"  Paulette thrashed about as much as she could in her bound
condition, but as she had already learned, that was not much.  She felt the
panties go limp about her waist.  She felt the smooth material slid away from
her body.  She knew her pussy was visible even before Janice held up her panties
for her to see.
	"I do not think you need these.  I have a surprise for you, and these will just
get in the way."
	Janice came to her feet and turned toward the door.  "Mmmmmffftt!  Mmmmmffftt!" 
Paulette realized that she lay in such a manner that anyone standing outside the
door would have a clear view of her pussy.  Still, there was not a thing she
could do to stop her friend from opening the door.  Janice left the room, and to
Paulette's horror, left the door ajar.  "Mmmmmffftt!  Mmmmmffftt!"  It dawned on
the helpless captive that she really did not want anyone to hear her.  Janice
knew what position she had left her in.  She resolved to be quiet.  Maybe no one
would notice her.
	Janice was gone only a few seconds.  Paulette's blue eyes opened wide with fear
as she realized that there were two sets of footsteps entering the room. 
Someone had come in behind Janice.  Paulette had no way of seeing whom it was
because in that position, her head was pulled back so she could only stare at
the wall opposite the door. Had the buxom brunette been able to see, she would
have realized that Janice had not brought a person, but rather an animal.  She
led a slave girl, a real one.  This one was obviously owned by the tavern as she
wore a little black satin, French Maid's outfit.  Her arms were behind her back
in a leather single glove.  Her mouth was filled with a bright red rubber ball
gag.  Similar to the one Paulette wore.
	Janice jerked down on the leash.  The slave girl showed how well-trained she
was by immediately dropping to her knees.  Directly ahead of her was the
captive's vulnerable pussy.  This slave girl knew why she was there.  She
lowered her head toward the brunette's crotch.
Janice threaded the end of the leash under Paulette's body so she could fasten
her end to the ring on the front of the collar.  The slave girl's face was about
four centimeters in front of Paulette's pussy.  She could not move it further
away.  She would have no trouble bringing it closer.
Janice quickly removed the slave girl's ball gag.  Grabbing a handful of hair
with her left hand, she bent the captive's head back.  "Tell Paulette what you
think of her pussy."
	The slave girl had been through this routine several times before.  She knew
there was no correct answer.  If the mistress did not like her response, she
would be spanked.  She knew what she had to say though, and hoped it was the
right thing.  "Paulette has the most beautiful pussy in the world."  Janice
heard Paulette giggling through her gag.  It was immense fun to make a slave
girl grovel.
	"What would you like to do with it?"
	"I would like to eat Paulette's pussy."
	"Go to it," she said as she pushed the slave girl's face into it.
	Janice moved around so she could see her friend's face.  The beautiful
brunette's eyes were wide open, her chest was rising and falling rapidly as she
gasped for breadth.  "Mmmmmfffffftttttttt!!!!"  She saw Paulette's body relax a
little after the orgasm.  If the buxom woman thought one orgasm was all she had
to endure, she was sorely wrong.  "Mmmmm."  Her protest was weak and not
believable.  Janice saw her try to draw her legs together without success.  The
second orgasm came in less time than the first.
	"I am going to go out and get a drink.  I will be back for you in an hour or
two."
	"Mmmmmmfffmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmffffffffffttttttt!!!!"  Paulette's grunt of protest
turned into a long moan of ecstasy as she came again. 
	At the door Janice paused to look back.  She could tell that the helpless
captive was about to undergo another orgasm.  She chuckled as she closed the
door behind her.
	Despite what she told Paulette, Janice did not go to the bar, at least not at
first.  Paulette was under the impression that she was going to deliver her to
Ronor. She did not want to be caught with an unlicenced slave girl.  She crossed
the street to the offices of "Speedy Delivery Service" to make arrangement for
Paulette's delivery.  Pickup would be in five minutes.  Janice asked for three
hours.  That would be plenty of time to finish what she had in mind.
	Her next stop was the slave girl kennels in the back of the inn.  Guests
staying there could have their slave girls penned up and protected while they
transacted their business in town.  A small bribe insured that the whipmistress
would arrange for a suitable place for the buxom brunette to wait.
	Her last step was the bar.  She bought herself a glass of white wine.  As she
sipped it, she looked around the bar.  In one corner there were three young men
eyeing the slave girl serving them.  She smiled as she took another drink.  They
were exactly what she wanted.  Quickly she crossed the room to them.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter Five

	Paulette was so exhausted from the multiple orgasms that she offered no
resistance when Janice dressed her.  "You would not make a very good Amazon,"
the light-haired beauty thought as she fastened the snaps on the dress.  The
clothing slave girls wore always had bows or snaps or a combination of each. 
These allowed a mistress to redress her captive without having to untie her. 
Paulette was untied, but this was all part of Janice's plan.  The buxom brunette
thought everything was going according to plan because Janice had released her
from her bondage.
	"Here, have a drink."  While it looked like regular white wine, it was
fortified with extra alcohol.  While it would not make the buxom brunette
falling down drunk, it was enough to dull her senses.
	"Hands behind you back."		
	Paulette sat on the edge of the bed in the room she and Janice had rented.  She
put her hands behind her back as ordered, and leaned forward to make it easier
for her friend to fasten the steel cuffs in place.  Janice knew there were
better ways of securing a woman, but Paulette would not be wearing these too
long.  Once they were on, her big-chested friend would not be able to get free
no matter how hard she tried.  She still wore the slave collar she had put on
herself, so anyone would treat her as a slave girl.  If anyone came across her,
they would assume she was a slave girl because of that collar.
	"Open up."  Paulette could still call out for help, but that was something
Janice intended to deny her.  As soon as the lovely captive opened her mouth,
Janice pushed the bright, red rubber ball into her mouth.  Her right hand on the
back of the captive's head, forced her face down toward her thighs.  Janice
pulled her shoulder-length dark tresses out of the way behind buckling the ends
of the strap together.
	When Paulette looked up, the backward movement of her head caused the strap to
pull the rubber ball deeper into her mouth.  She could make no sounds about a
grunt.  Anyone outside the room would never hear her crying out.  She certainly
could say nothing that anyone would want to listen to.
	"Are you ready to go?"  The buxom brunette nodded and came to her feet.  Janice
had to grab her to keep her from falling over.  The helpless captive was not
used to moving about without the use of her arms to help maintain her balance.
	"Just how stupid are you?" Janice wondered as she attached a chain leash to the
ring on the front of the collar.  She had gone to a lot of trouble putting the
dress on the curvaceous captive, but Paulette had not noticed that she no longer
wore panties.  Janice had kicked them under the bed so the captive would not see
them.  With her friend bound and gagged as she was, there was nothing she could
do about it now.  Still, had she known, she would not have been so willing to go
out in public undressed as she was.
	The outfit Paulette wore was designed specially for slave girls to show off
their charms.  (Or perhaps, more appropriately, for their masters and mistresses
to show off their charms.  The bodice of the light-green satin dress was little
more than a pair of straps that covered her titties.  Anyone looking at her from
in front would see a lot of cleavage.  At the same time, a view from the side
showed the full roundness of her breasts.  (With Paulette's hands cuffed behind
her back, her arms did not obstruct the view.)  With Paulette's extremely large
boobs, more flesh was showing than was covered.  With the cuffs holding her
hands behind her back, she could not stop anyone from founding those supple
mounds.
	The key feature of the outfit was its length, or rather, its lack of length. 
In front, the hem barely covered the tops of her stockings so most of her lovely
legs were visible.  The hem in back was much shorter, just fifteen centimeters
long.  The slave girl would always know that anyone standing behind her could
see her panties.  In Paulette's case, when she bent over, anyone standing behind
her could see her pussy.  She did not realize that, at least not yet.
	"Let us go."  Bound, gagged, and dressed as a slave girl, there was nothing the
buxom captive could do but follow when Janice gently tugged on the chain.
	Paulette paused at the door.  Once she stepped through it, everyone would be
able to see a lot more of her body than any free woman allowed.  She had to
remember though, she was not a free woman, she was a slave girl.  She was no
different from any of the other tens of thousands of slave girls out there. 
Okay, maybe her boobs were a lot larger, but other than that, she was no
different from them.  She only had to act as though she was a slave girl, and it
would all be okay.
The plan they agreed upon had Janice taking Paulette to Ronor's to insure that
she got there.  Of course Janice had changed the plan.  She planned to be
elsewhere when the captive brunette arrived at her destination.  Once out the
door she turned left toward the rear of the tavern where the slave kennels were. 
(Of course, a slave girl could not use the front door.)
	"Rats!  I left the stuff in there.  Let me get it.  You wait here."  As she
said that, a leather-clad mistress leading a pair of hooded slave girls went
past.  "You had better look the part.  Spread your legs apart and bend forward." 
Janice attached her end of the leash to a ring on the wall at eye level.  Now
Paulette did not like that one little bit, but she did it anyway.  If a free man
or woman complained about her position, Janice would have no choice but to spank
her.  She spread her legs further apart than her shoulders, then bent forward.
	"Have fun," Janice said as she patted the captive on her bare bottom.  With
that touch, Paulette realized she had no panties on.  "Mmmmfffffttt!!"  She
straightened up and turned to protest to Janice, but all she saw was her back as
she disappeared through the door to the lobby.
As Janice left, a man came through. Paulette did not want to attract attention
to herself, so she bent forward, showing her pussy to the man.  She stared
intently at the wall a few centimeters in front of her face.  She wondered what
the man thought of her pussy without realizing that to him, it was just another
slave girl's love nest.
	Janice hurried from the inn to the city gate that led outside to the Amazon's
camp. On the road leading up to the gate, a long coffle of slave girls knelt to
await their turn to be processed. She saw a number of slave girls in pillories
(including Andrea), but they meant nothing to her.  Her destination was "The Inn
of the Dancing Slave."
	The inn was there to cater to the slavers, nothing more, nothing less.  In town
the rumor was that if your wife, sister, or girl friend was missing, the first
place to look was in the kennels of the Inn of the Dancing Slave.  Actually
there were very few slave girls there, and they were the property of the owner. 
The slavers kept their stock in their camps.  And the best way to hide a slave
girl kidnaped from the town was to slap a collar on her and take her back to
town.  Once she was properly enrolled, she was legally a slave girl.  Her
fingerprints were taken and kept on file.  If her fingerprints were already on
file (as a free woman) that file was discarded so there was no trace of who she
was.
	Janice climbed the four steps to the porch slowly.  She had heard stories about
this place so she was leery about entering.  On the front porch a dozen slave
girls wearing collars and little else knelt facing the gate to the town.  She
wondered if they were women kidnaped from there, and being taunted with the
entrance, or if they were captives from another town, brought here to add to the
already large population of slave girls.
	She stuck her head through the door to see what was going on.  It looked rather
normal inside.  Ahead of her was a clerk at a desk if she wanted a room. 
Kneeling to the side were a pair of slave girls in red satin dresses and little
red pillbox hats.  Their hands were cuffed in front of them.  A short chain
connected the cuffs to the ring on the front of the collar.  It gave the viewer
the impression that they were begging to serve him.  They were there to carry
the guests' luggage up to the room.  The beautiful young woman smiled as she
wondered what sort of tips they got.
To her left, a bored Amazon was tormenting a pair of slave girls positioned for
the pleasure of any man who came by.  Each had several red streaks across her
bottom, indicating the mistress had used the switch she carried.  When Janice
looked, the Amazon had thrust it between one of the captive's legs to rub it in
her pussy.  The implication was the next blow might come there.
Janice made her way to the desk.
	"I am here to see an Amazon named Clarissa."
	"I have been waiting for you."  The voice came from behind her.  When Janice
turned her head, she saw the Amazon approaching as she thrust the switch into
her belt.  "I am Danielle.  Clarissa told me to wait for you."
	As all the other Amazons, this one wore a black leather catsuit that showed off
her curves.  She had a large chest, narrow waist, and perfectly shaped hips. 
Her auburn hair was pulled away from her face and held in place with hair pins
behind her ears to show that she was a free woman.  She was very beautiful.
	"Where is Clarissa?"
	"There is a private club upstairs.  Clarissa is waiting for you there."  The
young woman followed the mistress up the flight of stairs.  She knew these
private rooms were used to conduct business in private.  Clarissa's face
brightened up when she saw her.
	"So tell me.  How did it go?"		
	Someone gave Janice a tankard of white wine as she sat down.  She took a drink
as thought about where to begin.  The wine tasted normal. She was afraid that
the Amazons might try to put a collar on her.  She felt confident that the
Amazons were not trying to trap her.  Little did she realize that it contained a
vegetable tranquilizer.  After two or three tankards of wine she would be
willing to do exactly what they suggested.
	"After I left you . . . " she began.
	An hour later, her story had progressed to the point where she dressed Paulette
(without her panties).  The Amazons were having trouble keeping their eyes open,
but they knew this would not continue much longer.
	Suddenly the door burst open.  The Amazon who entered hung to the door as
though exhausted.  She had run up only one flight of stairs, but since she
appeared to be exhausted, it added more emphasis to what she had to say.
	"There are city guards downstairs.  They are looking for her."  She pointed at
Janice as she said that.  The beautiful brunette sat there with her mouth
half-open.  She really did not understand what the woman had said.  She was
outside the city walls.  Why would a guardsman come looking for her?
	"Janice, did you do as I said?" . 
	"What?"
	"Did you take some indirect route to get here so they would not be able to
trace you here?" Clarissa lied.  She had not mentioned this to the woman at all. 
It did not matter as the city guards had no authority outside the walls.  Her
plan counted on them convincing the young woman that they did.
	"What?  No.  I came right here."
	"I am out of here," one of the Amazons said as she came to her feet.  Without
another word she exited the room, though she stopped on the stairs where the two
guards waited for the word to go.
	"You should not have come straight here.  There must be something wrong.  You
are in trouble and if they catch us with you, we will be in trouble too."
	"But we are outside the walls!"
	"It does not matter.  If they drag you back inside, they will receive small
fines, but you will be sold in the slave market."
	"What can I do?"
	"Run."
	"She cannot.  They have the building surrounded."
	"What do I do?"
	"Hide.  I am getting out of here.  I do not want to be found with you." 
Another Amazon left the room.
	"Tell me.  How can I hide?"
	"I do not know.  Wait a minute.  In my room upstairs.  Second room on the
right.  I have some stuff.  Disguise yourself as a slave girl.  There is a
leather hood in the bottom of the trunk.  If you put the hood on, they will not
know you are not wearing a slave collar."
	"Okay," the beautiful woman said slowly, trying to think of some other option. 
At least the Amazon had not suggested she put on a slave collar. That meant she
was not going to try to turn her into a slave girl.
	"We will try to stall them.  After they leave, I will come back to free you."
	Janice did not like the idea, but could think of nothing else.  It seemed
reasonable.  After all, they did not want her to put on a slave collar.  She
would only have to put on a leather hood.  And slave clothing.  And maybe
handcuffs.
	She wanted to smile.  This might be fun.
	"Okay, I will do it.  As soon as they go, you be sure to come get me."		
	"Promise."
	Janice herd men talking on the stairs as she entered the hall.  The stairs up
were right next to the ones leading down to the ground floor.  She ran to them,
trying to be as quiet as she could.  She found the Amazon's room where Clarissa
had said.  To her disgust she saw there was no lock.  She made certain the door
was closed all the way so no one could see in.
	Janice was disappointed to find few pieces of slave girl clothing about.  She
had hoped there would be something that would give her some degree of modesty,
but that was impossible for a slave girl.  She had to admit that the Amazons
certainly knew how to dress a slave girl to show off her charms.  Quickly she
stripped off all her clothing to see what she had to work with.
She had never seen a slave girl without wearing stockings, so she knew she had
to wear them if she was going to convince them that she was a slave girl. To
hold them up, she needed a garter belt.  She found one that was red satin with
black, lace ruffles.  Quickly she slid it about her slender waist, snapped the
ends together, and adjusted it.  The stockings came next.  She was in so much of
a hurry that she did not take the time to insure that they were on perfectly. 
She merely pulled them up (or actually she pulled them down as she lay on her
back on the bed with each leg raised in the air as she worked on it) before
adjusting them once.  She adjusted the length of the straps before attaching the
tabs to the tops of the stockings.
	What she found was a pair of red satin panty briefs.  They at least ways would
cover her bottom and pussy. She wanted disparately to wear a bra but there was
none.  She settled for a low-cut minidress of pink satin.  In retrospect, it was
not that different from the one Paulette wore, however the other captive's boobs
were much larger.
	Janice selected a pair of slave sandals to wear.  One size fit most women. 
Since there were straps to hold it securely to her foot, you could adjust the
width and the length.  She sat on the bed to slip her feet into them.  She
buckled the two straps, one across the top of her foot and the other around her
ankle.  These buckles and straps insured the shoes did not come off accidently. 
Janice raised her right foot to shake it.  The buckles had a self-locking
mechanism, and she did not have the key.  The buckles also insured that the
wearer could not take them off herself.  Any woman going around in stiletto
heels had to be a slave girl.  Janice shrugged.  "I guess Clarissa will just
have to get these off me."	
	She picked up the hood the Amazon had mentioned.  It was enough to cover her
features, but the bottom part was open.  She would have to wear a gag or they
would know something was wrong.
	It was now time to start her self-bondage.  She decided to start with a gag. 
The Amazon had an extensive collection.  Janice decided to go with anything
fancy.  She selected a ball gag, the bright red collar complementing the color
of her attire.
	Using her right hand, she lifted it toward her mouth.  When she discovered the
ball was too big to get past her teeth, she pressed against it with the
fingertips of both hands.  The rubber ball popped into place.  Janice then bent
over so her upper body was parallel to the floor.  Some of the long, light-brown
strands had already fallen down.  Others kept coming.  To insure she did not
trap any of her lovely tresses beneath the strap, she used both hands to pull it
down.  She had two more passes at the nape of her neck before deciding that none
of her hair was in the way.  She drew the ends of the strap together with both
hands, thrusting the working end through the buckle on the other end.  She
continued to pull it tight until she felt the leather strap press tightly
against her cheeks and nape.  She then finished buckling it.  There was no lock
to the gag.  With her hands secured she would be totally incapable of removing
it on her own.
	She put the hood back on and crossed the room to the full-length mirror.  She
certainly looked like a slave girl and with that hood on no one would recognize
her.		
There was her hair though.  She had to take care of it.  If she was a slave
girl, she had to let her hair hang down freely.  She removed the hood, pulled
the pins to loosen her hair, shook her head, and put the hood back on.  She had
to admit it.  She looked every bit the slave girl.
	For her bondage she chose a handcuff belt.  She had examined the length of the
chain between the cuffs, and concluded that there was more room with this over a
regular pair of handcuffs.  While that was true, it also made it impossible for
her to get her hands low enough to protect her fanny.  She wrapped the
three-inch wide leather belt about her slender waist.  It locked in front at her
navel.  The cuffs were attached to the belt in back.
	She looked around the room to see where she should stand.  Then it dawned on
her that slave girls were never allowed to move about.  She would either have to
bind her legs together, or tether herself to something.  A quick examination in
the mirror revealed the presence of a ring on the front of the slave hood.  She
could use it.
	Selecting a chain leash from the pile in the trunk, she walked to the foot of
the bed as she looked for one end of it.  She attached it to a ring on the
bedpost at the foot of the bed.  There was no lock, as it was so far above the
floor that she would never be able to reach it bound.  The other end she
attached to the ring on the front of the slave hood.
	That left only the act of making herself a helpless prisoner.  She had come
this far without hesitation.  She did not pause now.  Putting both hands behind
her back, she used her right hand to slip the steel cuff about her left wrists. 
She heard the series of "clicks" as it drew snug against her flesh.  She
repeated the process with the other cuff.
	She was now a helpless captive.  She could still struggle about, but she could
not get free at all.  After a few minutes standing there tethered to the
bedpost, she thought she would break the rules for slave girls.  She would hear
them coming.  She could afford to sit down.
	That was when she discovered that the chain leash was too short for her to sit
on the side of the bed.  She could only get her bottom halfway down to it.  She
moved around to the foot of the bed only to discover that she had no more
movement.  She tried to squat down.  The chain was so short that she could only
descend to a half-crouch.
	She had learned what it was like to be bound.  She would remain as she ways
until Clarissa came to free her.
	The Amazons used the room next door.  Through a peephole one of them watched
Janice's progress.  When the young beauty was totally helpless, she emerged from
the room to signal the guards to go in.
	Janice had paid little thought to the fact that a couple of guards might come
in looking for her.  She had mainly thought about binding herself, and Clarissa
freeing her.  She began to panic when she heard the door open.
	"Let us check this one, Gregor."
	It was the guards.  Janice turned away from them.  If they wanted to look at
her, they could study those bright red satin, panties.
	"Nope.  She is not here."
	The long-haired beauty relaxed.  Clarissa's plan had worked well.
	"What do we have here, Toth?  A slave girl with her legs together?  We will
have to correct that."
	Unhooking the end of the leash from the ring on the bedpost, he signaled her to
follow by tugging gently on chain.  Janice knew she had no choice but to follow. 
They did not take her far, just a few meters across the room where there was a
spreader bar attached to the floor.  Janice offered no resistance when they
wanted to fasten it between her ankles.  When the man squatted, she even helped
as best she could by spreading her legs far apart to fit the length of the bar. 
The man buckled the leather cuff on one end to her right ankle.  The beautiful
captive had already spread her leg as far apart as she could.  The man had no
trouble fastening a leather cuff attached to the other end to her left ankle.
	This left Janice standing with her legs spread about a meter apart.  She could
not move far in any direction.  She was unused to wearing a spreader bar so she
could not have moved without falling over.  An experienced slave girl would have
no trouble moving a centimeter at a time, but she could not have gone far.  A
ring protruded from the bottom of the bar near the center of the bar.  A short
chain connected it to a ring on the floor.  She could not move more than a few
centimeters in any direction because of that short chain.
	When the man straightened up, he removed the end of the chain from the slave
hood.  Janice hoped they would go away.
	That was not to be though.
	"These are nice," he said as the index finger of his right hand traced a
pattern across the smooth material of the bodice.  To her horror, Janice found
her body reacting to his touch.  The nipple became hard and pointed as it
pressed against the confines of the material.
Janice twisted her body to try to get away from the man's touch.
	"I guess a little extra bondage is necessary," he said.  "She is moving around
too much."  Toth already held the end of a chain that dangled down from the
ceiling.  He extended it toward the captive's head with the intent of securing
it to the ring on the side of her collar.
	"We see to be missing something."  Grabbing the leather hood in one hand, he
pulled it off her head.  "That is it.  This slave girl seems to be missing a
collar."
	"We will have to take care of that."
	Janice wanted to resist as the man produced a slave collar.  The second man
already had hold of her hair so she could not move her head much.  The man
wrapped the leather collar about her neck.  The man gripping her hair pulled the
strains free so none were trapped beneath it.  Handcuffed as she was, there was
nothing she could do to stop them.  When they finished, they attached the ends
of chains to the rings on the sides.  She could not move her upper body much at
all.
	"Much better.  Well, I would like to play with these boys," Gregor said, gently
pinching Janice's nipples through the material, "But we have a few debts owed
us.  Boy!  I just hope we are up to it."
	The men were laughing as they left.
	Once the door closed, the beautiful captive tried once again to get free.  That
was totally impossible, she knew that, but she had to try anyway.  She squirmed
about but could not get free.
She looked up sharply when the door to the room opened.  Clarissa and the other
Amazons entered.
	"There you are.  They went away so the plan must have worked."
	"Oh, what do you have on? Is that a slave collar?"
	"Maybe we should take it off."  Clarissa reached for the band of leather about
Janice's neck.
	"Isn't it against the law to do that?"
	"What?"				
	"I mean, she might be somebody's property."
	"I do not want to be accused of stealing.  Sorry, Janice, but I guess the
collar stays on.  If no one claims you, well, I guess we can find a good home
for you."
	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  Janice struggled as she grunted her protests.  The Amazons
did not hear as they were laughing too loud.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter Six

	Janice tried to struggle but there was little she could do, bound as she was. 
They pulled the leather hood off her head, but immediately replaced it with a
leather blindfold.  She twisted her head about to try to stop them but nothing
she did worked.  The leather pads covered her eyes.  The strap about her head
was pulled tight so the pads were pressed against her eyes.  No light came in at
all.
	In total darkness she let them guide her across the floor.  Sure, she tried to
stand still, but they had no trouble dragging her where they wanted her.  She
had no idea what was in store for her, but she was certain she would not like
it.  At first she made little grunting sounds to try to persuade the to free
her, but they ignored them.  She gave up, hoping this was just some sort of
joke.
	They pushed her to her knees before binding her legs.  In this position it was
almost impossible for her to resist.  They bound her ankles together first
despite her efforts to kick her feet up and down.  Half a dozen loops of cord
went around her ankles before being cinched.  Once this was done, they tied
another rope about her lower thighs just above the knees, cinching this one
also.  With her ankles bound together, there was nothing she could do to stop
them.  They tied the ends of the cord together after cinching , then removed the
one binding her ankles.
	The beautiful young woman had no idea what they intended to do to her with her
knees bound together and her feet free, but she was pretty certain she would not
like it.  She tugged on the cuffs but could not gain any freedom all.  She could
not test the cord binding her legs together as long as she knelt.  She could
only wait them until they were ready for her.
	She heard them rearranging the furniture in the room.  She turned her face in
the direction of the sounds, but learned nothing because of the blindfold. 
Someone pulled a chair over in front of her.  When the blindfold was pulled off,
she found herself staring up at Clarissa.
	"Since you already wear the collar of a slave girl, we want you to put yourself
over my lap so I can give you a good, solid spanking.  Do you agree to this.?" 
She patted her lap where she wanted the captive to be.
	Janice looked at the Amazon's legs for only a few seconds, then looked up
angirly at the mistress.  With a loud grunt she shook her head.  She would not
agree to be spanked.  If they wanted to spank her they could, she knew that, but
she would not be a willing participant, regardless of what they did to her.
	"I was hoping you would say that.  It is some much more fun to persuade a young
woman that she deserved to be a slave girl.  This is much more fun than having
her willingly submit."
Clarissa smiled at the kneeling captive.  She so enjoyed newly-collared slave
girls.  They would squirm and protest, but in the end they submitted.
	"What I am going to do is turn you over my lap.  I will pull your skirt up to
reveal those sexy, slave girl panties you have on.  And then I will give you
twenty-five swats with my bare hand."
	Janice's blue eyes opened wide with fright as the woman held up the hand she
intended to use to spank her.  She shook her head "no" again.  She did not want
to be spanked.  She did not want another woman's hand on her bottom.
	"Then I guess we have to go with this."  As she said that, the Amazon picked up
a wooden paddle.  She knew what the captive's reaction would be to the threat of
a spanking.  All slave girls reacted that way.  They would learn quickly to do
whatever pleased their master or mistress.  Janice grunted and squealed through
her gag as two women pulled her to her feet and laid her across Clarissa's lap.
	The Amazon pulled the short skirt up so she had access to the waistband of the
panties.  "Oh!  What lovely panties you have!"  Grabbing the panties at the
waist in back, she pulled them down to reveal the young woman's bare bottom
cheeks.  "Oh!  These are cute!"  She squeezed one, then the other.
	Clarissa wrapped her left arm about the captive's body to hold it in place on
her lap.  With her arms bound behind her back as they were, Janice could not
reach it.  The beautiful captive's fanny was just to the right of the Amazon's
legs.
	SMACK!  Janice's head and feet went up as the paddle landed across both bare
bottom cheeks.  SMACK!  She had not finished reacting from the first blow when
the second fell.  SMACK!  The young woman kicked and struggled but there was
nothing she could do to stop the woman from punishing her again and again. 
SMACK!  SMACK! 
	Janice was in no position to see the delightfulness of the position the Amazons
had secured her in.  She could kicked her feet as much as she wanted to, but
with her legs tied together at the knees, she could only wave them up and down. 
She could not struggle enough to make her possible for her to get off the
Amazon's lap.  SMACK!  SMACK!
	Janice make little whimpering sounds through the gag as she tried to beg them
to stop spanking her, but all they were interested in was her total submission. 
SMACK!  SMACK!  Both cheeks turned bright read from the blows.  She tried to
slide herself off the Amazon's lap, but bound as she was, she could not resist. 
The woman kept a firm grip on her with one arm while the other welded the paddle
against her sore fanny.
	SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
	Finally the twenty-five swats to her bottom were done.  Clarissa used her left
hand to shove her off her lap.  The captive landed on her side on the floor at
her feet.  Hands pulled her around into a kneeling position on the floor at the
Amazon's feet.  Janice's face was near the floor as she sobbed through the gag. 
Clarissa brought the woman's face up by grabbing a fistful of hair and pulling
up.
	"Now, are you ready to do what I want, or do you want another twenty-five swats
with this paddle?"
	The look of terror in Janice's blue eyes told her the answer.  Very few women
could endure one session with the wood paddle without submitting.  No one had
ever continued on beyond two sessions.
	Clarissa gave Janice her instructions while they pulled her to her feet.  The
rope binding her lower thighs together was cut off.  Clarissa went over the
instructions a second time.  Janice understood that if she made any mistakes,
she would be punished with the paddle.
	"Now kneel."
	The lovely young woman slowly lowered her left knee to the floor.  Once it
touched, she brought her right down to join it.  She bowed her head so the ends
of her long, light brown hair formed swirls before her knees.
	"Prepare yourself for a spanking.  Rise, Slave Girl."
	The young woman struggled to her feet.  She discovered it was difficult to do
with her hands cuffed behind her back.  She stood half a meter beyond the
Amazon's knees, staring intently at her crotch as she had been told.
	"Advance, Slave Girl."
	Before coming forward though, she had to curtsey.  Left leg behind the right, a
clumsy curtsey.  She then stepped forward. 
	She continued to stare at the Amazon's crotch as the woman leaned forward. 
From the corners of her eyes, Janice saw the woman reach under her short dress. 
She felt the woman's fingertips play across her bottom as she woman sought the
waistband of her panties.  She felt the woman draw them down, allowing her
finger to fondle the captive's sore bottom.
	"Now, present you fanny for inspection, Slave Girl."
	Janice took one step backwards.  Again she curtseyed.  She turned, spread her
feet about a meter apart and bent over.
	Clarissa leaned forward to study Janice's bottom.  She already knew what it
looked like from spanking her.  The nylon panties had provided no protection at
all.  The Amazon grabbed the outside of the cheeks with the fingertips.  Her
thumbs rubbed gently across her bottom.
"You have a very nice looking ass, Slave Girl Janice, but I guess you are used
to hearing that.  Now lay yourself across my lap."
	The humiliation of presenting her bottom for a woman to examine was bad enough,
but now she had to undergo another spanking.  At least this one would not be
with the paddle.  The Amazon would use her bare palm against her bottom.  The
lovely captive hoped it would not hurt as much as the paddle.
	Straightening up, she drew her legs together.  Then she turned.  Before
presenting herself for a spanking though, she had to curtsey again.  Then she
stepped forward and laid herself across the Amazon's lap. 
	Janice was correct in thinking that this spanking would not hurt as much as the
one she had just suffered through with the paddle.  It hurt though, Clarissa's
palm coming into contact with her already sore bottom.
	She could not just lay there though.  Clarissa ordered her to kick her legs
continually.  With each swat she was to grunt through her gag, and make grunting
sounds as though she was begging for mercy.  The intent was to humiliate the new
collared slave girl so she would be willing to do anything they wanted.
	"Now, Slave Girl, rise and let me inspect you bottom again."
	Janice slid off the woman's lap.  Her bottom burned from the two spankings. 
She had trouble moving around.  She stood facing the Amazon, curtseyed, then
turned with her legs spread and bent over.  She felt Clarissa's hands on her
bottom as the mistress inspected it again.  The amazon took her time.  Though
she had seen the bottom of many slave girls in her life, this was the brunette's
first time to have hers inspected.  She allowed her fingertips to play across
the bottom.
	"Let me put the panties back on you."
	The beautiful captive straightened up and turned around.  She started to step
forward so the Amazon could reach the panties again, but remembered her
instructions.  She curtseyed again before stepping forward.  Clarissa reached up
under the short skirt to pull the panties back into proper position.  She slid
her hands over the smooth material to insure there were no wrinkles in it.
	"Now back into your natural position."
	The captive stepped back and curtseyed again.  She slowly lowered her left knee
to the floor, then brought the right down to join it.  Her head was almost
against her exposed knees.
"Next!"  The Amazon announced loudly as she bounded to her feet.  Danielle
quickly took her place before the helpless captive.
	"Rise, Slave Girl."
	The young captive looked up, not believing that they intended to spank her
again.  She had been spanked twice already.  That was more than enough.  The
auburn-haired mistress simply stared at her.  Janice realized she had no choice. 
She had to do what they wanted.  Once again she struggled to her feet.  She
stood half a meter beyond the Amazon's knees, staring intently at her crotch,
wondering if Danielle's pubic hair was the same shade as the hair on her head.
	"Advance, Slave Girl."
	Another curtsey, then a step forward.  She felt the woman's fingertips on her
bottom as she woman sought the waistband of her panties.  Danielle drew them
down.
	"Now, present you fanny for inspection, Slave Girl."
	Janice curtseyed before she turned, spread her feet and bent over.  She no
longer carried that a woman was examining her bare bottom.  She just did not
want to be spanked again.
She felt fingertips on her bottom as the Amazon made several degrading comments
that sounded as though they were compliments.
	"Lay yourself across my lap."
	She curtseyed before stepping forward to lay herself across the Amazon's lap. 
This spanking hurt more than the last. She continued to kick her legs.  She
grunted through the gag with each swat on her fanny.  She realized she was
turning into a slave girl very quickly.
	"Now, Slave Girl, rise and let me inspect you bottom again."
	She felt Danielle's hands on her bottom as it was inspected again.
	"Let me put the panties back on you."
	In seconds the Amazon had both hands under Janice short skirt as she pulled the
small satin garment up .into place.
	"Now back into your natural position."
	In seconds, the captive knelt on the floor again.
	"Next!"
	Danielle came to her feet.  Another Amazon replaced her and another after her. 
They continued until all had a chance to spank Janice's bottom.  Some took a
second and third time since there were few chances to spank a woman on the first
day of her slavery.
	When they finished, Janice knelt at the floor, willing to do anything to keep
from being spanked again.  They resolved to give her the opportunity to prove
she did not want a spanking.
While she remained kneeling in this most submissive position, her face almost to
the floor, they rebound her.  While one Amazon held her hands together, another
looped a double strain of cord about the captive's wrists.  After three passes
(so there was a total of six loops of cord about Janice's wrists), she changed
the direction.  The end of one cord passed between her hands while the other
passed between her arms.  This served to cinch the first six loops so the cord
did deeply into Janice's flesh.  When the knots were tied, there was no chance
she could get free.
	The Amazons were not finished with her bondage though.  While one woman had
tied her wrists together, another tied one end of another cord to her left upper
arm just above the elbow. She looped it about Janice's right arm and then back
to the left.  When the Amazon stepped away after tying the knots securing her
hands, her sister Amazon pressed her knee against Janice's upper back to give
her leverage.  As she pulled on the working end of the cord, the lovely
captive's elbows were drawn together.
	"Come, Slave Girl, you can do better than that."  An Amazon straddled her body,
her crotch on the captive's hands.  "Ohhh.  That feels good."  The mistress
placed one hand on each of Janice's elbows and pressed together.  "Come on,
Slave, ;you act as though you never have been tied up before."
	Once Janice's elbows were tightly pressed together, the woman tied a secure
knot.  Janice would not escape from this bondage.
	They pulled the lovely captive to her feet without saying anything o her.  She
was only a slave girl so there was no need to say anything.  Her sole reason for
being now was to please them.  She had to do nothing but let them have their
way.
	They pulled the abbreviated slave girl outfit from her.  Janice glanced down. 
She knew she had good-sized titties but she thought this was ridiculous.  Her
bound arms drew her shoulders back and the same time thrusting her chest
forward.  The supple mounds look twice as large as they had been before.
	So intent was Janice on admiring her boobs, that she did not realize that they
had removed the panties.  Except for the garter belt, stockings and heels, she
was completely naked.
Two woman grabbed her arms to lift the upper part of her body, while two more
grabbed her legs.  Janice looked down, and as a result did not see them slide
the bench over before her.  As quickly as the four lifted their captive in the
air, they set her down on this special bench.
	It was a foot wide and well padded so the captive would not herself.  (It was
up to a master or mistress to hurt her.)  They set her down so she straddled the
bench with her crotch near the end.  They held her down while two more Amazons
secured her in place.  One leather strap went about her upper arms and upper
back while another went around her lower back just beyond her hands.  Once these
straps were in place, an Amazon pulled the captive's head forward and into a
brace so they could place another strap across the back of her neck.  All Janice
could do was stare down, or slightly ahead of her.
	As soon as they had her strapped to the bench, the two who had been holding her
down grabbed her feet to pull them up until her knees were against the sides of
her chest.  The two Amazon's fastening the straps looped another set over her
lower thigh and buckled it.  They then pulled her feet back to her hips. 
Another strap secured them in place.
	The effect of all these bondage was to have the captive's bottom protrude from
the end of the bench.  They were not done though.  Turning a crank on the front
of the bench, they lowered Janice's head while at the same time raising her
fanny in the air.  The result was that the newly-collared slave girl's bare
bottom not only protruded backwards, it was the highest part of her body.
	She was in the perfect position for another spanking.  Bound as she was, there
was nothing she could do about it.
	An Amazon stuck a large wooden paddle in Janice's face.  She rubbed it against
the side of her head so she could know it was real.
	"Are you ready for another spanking?  This one will be worse than all the
others combined."  She moved it from Janice's face to her upper back.  As she
walked back to the rear of the bench, she slid it across her captive's back. 
She then lifted it to rub it against one cheek and then the other.
	"I bet about now you would be will to do anything to keep from being spanked."
	Janice responded with a grunt.  There was nothing else she could do.  Two
quickly steps brought the Amazon back to the captive's head.  Grabbing Janice's
long hair, she pulled up.  The captive beauty raised her head as much as she
could.  "Are you willing to do anything?" From the slight movement she knew the
slave girl was agreeing.
	Clarissa was in position by then.  She had removed the crotch strap of her
leather catsuit so her pubic hair and pussy were available.  She sat in a
special chair that allowed her to lean back.  They rolled the bench over so
Janice's face was at her crotch. 
	"Be a good little slave girl," one Amazon cooed in her ear, "And I will use
this on you."  She held up an instrument that resembled a dildo.  Well, it was a
dildo of sorts on one end.  On the other there was a shaft and a handle.  The
dildo was misshapened so there were threads.  The Amazon had to literally
screwed the dildo into the recipient.  "I never met a slave girl who did not
enjoy a good screw," she added with a laugh.  "The question is: where does it
go, in your pussy or up your ass.  If you make one sound or fail to please us,
it goes where the sun don't shine."
	When the ball gag was removed from her mouth, Janice was all too eager to
please her mistresses.  She planted her mouth on the Amazon's pussy and began to
lick.
	The Amazon with the dildo plunger stepped around behind the captive.  She
touched Janice's pussy to get a better idea of where to stick the dildo. 
Placing the end against the opening to her love next, she pushed and turned at
the same time.
	Janice realized she was moving quickly toward an orgasm.  She did not see how
she could get buy without moaning in pleasure.  They had warned her though about
making noise.  She pressed her face harder against Clarissa's crotch, using her
pussy as a gag.
	The Amazon continued to press and turn until the dildo was in all the way.  A
flange on the shaft stopped in from going any further.  The Amazon continued to
turn the handle though so the rubber knobs on the flange rubbed the slave's
pussy.
	Clarissa smiled.  She knew Janice had come twice while eating her.  She waited
until the captive had come a third time before leaning forward.  Grabbing a
fistful of hair, she pulled her head up.
	"Do you enjoy this, Slave Girl?"
	"Yes, Mistress."
	"Good, because there are a lot of anxious pussies in this room waiting to see
how good you are."
	It took seconds for Clarissa to come to her feet.  Another Amazon was ready to
take her place.  Janice pressed her mouth on this woman's pussy and licked.  She
did not know what this woman looked like, but it did not matter.
	She was, after all, just a slave girl.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 7
  
     Finally time came to release Janice from the elevator. The straps were
loosened and she was pulled forward. She knelt at their feet before they removed
the blindfold. An Amazon attached ano When they wanted to change Janice's
attire, they did what they wanted to and there was nothing the beautiful
brunette could do about it.  First they  dragged her to her feet.  She stumbled
along after them as they dragged her to part of the room where slave girls'
could be secured as they wanted.  She tried to keep on her feet, but found
herself falling over as they kept her off-balance to keep her under control.
    At the correct spot in the room another Amazon waited holding the end of a
chain that was attached to the ceiling a few meters away.  The two pulled the
beautiful captive upright so the woman could attach the hook on the end of the
chain to the ring on the right side of her collar.  She then walked beyond the
three of them to another chain that hung down from the ceiling.   Janice tried
to look to see what the woman was doing, but an Amazon grabbed her by her hair
at the nape of her neck.  By pulling back as far as she could, she made the
captive stare straight up at the ceiling.  The Amazon pulled the chain over
until she could attach it to the ring on the left side of the slave collar. 
    Janice could offer no resistance.
    Now that they had her secured, the Amazons let go of their captive.  Janice
was bound and gagged.  She wore the leather collar of a slave girl.  There was
nothing she could do but obey their every command.
    "Spread your legs apart, Slave Girl."  Janice moved her feet until they 
were almost a meter apart.  Her pubic hair and pussy were visible from in front, 
but they did not want her to show off her charms (at least not yet).  "Further. 
Further!  Get a switch someone.  She needs a lesson in obeying."
    Janice spread her legs as far apart as the chains to her collar would 
allow. As she moved her feet apart, her upper body descended.  They had her
spread  her legs until her head had descended so far that the chains were taut. 
The Amazons quickly attached leather cuffs to her legs at the ankles, and
attached short chains between rings on the cuffs and rings on the floor.  Janice
could not bring her legs together.  She could not raise her body.
    "We have a new gag for you," Danielle cooed in her face. "I think you will
really enjoy this one."
    Janice's blue eyes opened in horror as the Amazon held up the new gag for
her to see.  This gag was a hard rubber dildo, a full five centimeters long. 
The base was attached to a black leather strap so it could be secured in her 
mouth.
    Once the strap was buckled (and perhaps locked) in place, there was no way 
she could get that shaft out of her mouth.
    "I bet you would just love to make love to this."  As she said this in a
sensuous whisper, she rubbed the tip of the dildo across the captive's upper
lip, then across one cheek to her nose.  She brought it around to the other
cheek, then down to the lower lip.  "Would you like to make love to this?"
Janice knew they would punish her if she did not give them the answer they
wanted.  (Okay, she knew they would probably punish her regardless of what she
said.)  She nodded.
    With a nod of her head, the Amazon signaled one of her sisters to unbuckle
the leather strap holding the ballgag in the slave girl's mouth.  She knew the
strap was free when the Amazon stepped to the side, and the strap went slack on
both sides of Janice's face.  With her left hand she pulled the rubber ball
free. 
    As soon as the ball came free, the Amazon raised the dildo toward the 
captive's mouth.  "Come on.  Show me what a good little, slave girl you are. 
Make love to it."
    Janice had no chance to close her mouth as her captoress immediately had 
the tip of the dildo against her lower lip.  She waited for the Amazon to shove
it into her mouth, but that was not to be.  Danielle kept it right there. 
Janice had to move her head forward and down to take it in her mouth.
    "Come on, now make love to it!  Make love to it!"  Janice's head began
bobbing up and down on the shaft.  "Faster!  Faster!  See if you can make it
grow!"
    Janice's cheeks blushed as the Amazons erupted into the laughter.  She
guessed it was funny.  There she was, a beautiful and sexy woman going down on a 
rubber dick.
    She knew she was done when the Amazon shoved it all the way into her mouth. 
The second Amazon was ready to buckle the ends of the strap together to hold  it
in place.
    The shaft went deep into her mouth.  Janice's beautiful blue eyes opened
wide in anxiety as she rubbed her tongue over the shaft.  It was so long!
    Dildos came in many sizes, one centimeter to ten.  The lower numbers
generally were for free women who wondered what it would be like to be the slave
girl to some man.  They could feel the dildo in their mouth without being
oppressed by it.
    Four or five centimeters were the normal length.  Those lengths were enough
for the wearer to know it was in her mouth without being oppressive.  Shorter
ones were used mainly by young women who wondered what it was like to be the
plaything of some man.  They could feel with their tongues every nuance of the
dildo.
    The longer dildos, those more than five centimeters were punishment gags.  
Ram, one of those in a woman's mouth, and she would be capable of saying nothing
else.  The longer it was, the more she would contemplate it in her bondage.  For
extra punishment most stores also offer a 15-centimeter dildo.  With the crown
deep in the wearer's mouth it not only kept her silence, it made her docile
also.  Slap a blindfold on her and give her a few minutes to contemplate the
length of the dildo, and she will be most willing to make use of the real thing.
    On the leather strap, in the middle of the eight brads that held the dildo
to it, was a number corresponding to the length of the shaft on the other side. 
For the "toy" dildo-gags, those less than four centimeters, there was  nothing.
All the others had a number.  This way anyone seeing the slave girl's face would
know how long the shaft was in her mouth.  The higher the number, the
more she was being punished.  The longer one of these punishment gags remained
in a slave girl's mouth, the more willing she was to please.
    Janice closed her eyes as she felt the rubber shaft with her tongue.  She
imagined it was pressed against the back of her throat.  She wondered if the
real thing would be this long, or would it be longer.
    With her eyes closed, she missed the next step of her bondage until it
occurred.  She felt something on her face about her eyes.  Her eyelids jerked
open, but there was nothing to see.  They had put a blindfold over her eyes. 
Until they wanted her to see again, she would remain in darkness.
    While there were a great many different blindfolds for the Amazons to 
choose from, the one they used on the beautiful captive was white satin.  The
accent the utter femininity, the blindfold itself was lined with small, white,
satin ruffles.  An elastic band held it in place.  It would not come off.
    This was just another step in making the captive totally helpless.  They 
wanted to resistance from here as they dressed her to make her debut in public
as a slave girl.
    They removed the garterbelt from about her hips.  They replaced it with a
lace corselet.  The undergarment was semitransparent.  It rose to her upper
chest, but did not cover her tits.  The top contoured the bottom of them so it
looked as though her tits were dangling over top the corselet.  The bottom of
the garment outlined her crotch.  The item hid nothing, and accented what was
visible.
    The corselet zippered up the front and laced up the back.  This resulted  in
it clinging very tightly to the curves of her body.  Amid the laces in back was
a metal ring.  This ring was only a centimeter or two above the level of her
navel.  Once they had her dressed as they wished,
the Amazons untied her arms and wrists.  She had no chance of freedom at all
though as they immediately attached a pair of handcuffs to her wrists.
     Once again she was a helpless prisoner.  They used a very small padlock to
secure the link connecting the cuffs to the ring.  With this done, she could not 
lower her hands to protect her bare bottom.  They used the cuffs instead of the
ropes because they wanted the ability to free her hands quickly, and secure them
just as quickly.
    They removed the chains that kept her a prisoner in that position.  Even
though the leather cuffs were gone from her ankles, she stood with her legs
spread. She was afraid what they might do to her if she brought them together
without their permission.
    She had accepted totally her new status as a slave girl.  Such an 
acceptance would no doubt result in fewer punishments for her, but it destroyed
the Amazons' fun.  They enjoyed watching a woman squirm as she tried to escape
the inevitable.
    They dragged Janice across the room to a wall where there was a  full-length
mirror.  "Spread them!" was the order given when they stopped.  As soon as the
newly-collared slave girl had her feet further apart than her shoulders, they
pulled off the blindfold.
    The image that greeted Janice was that of a beautiful and sexy slave girl. 
She blinked a few times, unable to accept the fact that the erotically-dressed
woman before her was her own image.
    "I suppose you find it embarrassing having these exposed."  To insure that
there was no doubt what she spoke of, the Amazon squeezed the captive's boobs
from behind her.  "How about if I cover these girls up for you?"  She pulled
Janice's long tresses around so each large supple mound was partially obscured. 
The Amazon arranged them so each nipple protruded into sight.
    The Amazons laughed.
    Clarissa stepped in front of the beautiful captive.  She used the back of 
her right hand to stroke Janice's face.  "You have been a good little girl this
afternoon, so good as a matter of fact, that we have a little treat for you." 
Janice heard some of the Amazon's snickering but it did not register.  She was
afraid she was going to be punished again.  "We have a while before the coffle
leaves to go into town.  Until it is time, we are going to let you enjoy
yourself."
    With a slight nod her head, she signaled an Amazon to attach one end of a 
chain leash to the ring on the front of Janice's collar.  She pulled on the
leash, indicating the slave girl was to follow.  To insure that she did not
hesitate, another Amazon poked her in the fanny with a switch.  Janice knew they
would use the switch on her if she did not obey quickly.
    She trotted across the room after the Amazon.  She stared at the Amazon's
feet, too embarrassed to look around her.  Suddenly she felt her knees grow weak
as she realized where they were taking her.
    A couple of meters ahead of her by the length of the leash, the Amazon had
almost reached the door to the hall.
    They were going to take her out into public!  The Amazon behind her must
have noticed some reaction from the captive as she poked her in the back to keep
her moving.
    Janice trotted through the doorway and into the hall.
    "Face the wall.  Spread them.  Now bend over."
    It was worse than the beautiful captive had ever thought.  In this position,
anyone passing down the hallway could not help but see her pussy.  To make
matters worse, the Amazon attached the working end of the leash to a ring a
meter above the floor.  Janice could not straighten up.  She was forced to stand
there showing off her pussy.
    The Amazons returned to the room to clean it up. Though it was unlikely that
anyone would care what had happened to Janice, they wanted to insure that there
was no trace of her demise. Her clothing was tossed in the trash. Anything else
that could indicate that a free woman had been enslaved was removed. There would
be no trace of Janice's fate once they left the room. For the beautiful captive,
she discovered there was little she could do bound as she was.
     She tried to straighten up, but the short chain leash kept her from raising
her head more than a few centimeters. She looked to the right but her long
tresses were in the way. A glance to the left convinced her that she would have
no better luck on that side either. She thought about bringing her legs
together. Well, she thought about it for about half a second. She knew the
Amazons would not hesitate in punishing her if she did. With the end of her
leash attached to the wall so close to the floor, bringing her legs together
would only raise her bottom in the air. She could not raise her head any further
than the chain would allow. Janice froze as she heard the sounds of men's voices
at the far end of the hall. She listened intently. They were coming down the
hall toward her. With her legs spread, her body bent over, they could not help
but see her pussy.
     She tried to draw her knees as close together as she could without moving
her feet. The men saw her pussy, but it would have been hard for them to miss
it. But Janice showed off something they had seen many times before on other
slave girls. It was hard to go anywhere without seeing the tits and pussy of one
or more slave girls on display. All they gave Janice was a glance. She was only
a slave girl. She deserved no more. There were others coming and going while the
beautiful captive displayed her wares. Some came up the stairs to the floor,
other emerged from rooms to go down. Most paid her no attention. Only one paused
for a second, just long enough to reach down between her spread legs to grab a
handful of pubic hair. Janice grunted when she jerked on it, and then blushed in
embarrassment as he laughed at her reaction. Though Janice thought she was on
display in the hall for an hour or two, the amount of time she spent alone was
only fifteen minutes.
     The Amazons had cleaned out the room. If they needed a room, the innkeeper
would rent them another.
      "Let's go, Slave Girl."
      As one Amazon grabbed a fistful of hair, another removed the chain leash
from the ring on the front of her collar. It was still slapping against the wall
when she attached the end of a longer chain leash to that ring. With a nod, she
signaled the other Amazon to pull the captive upright.       "Come along, Slave
Girl."
      The Amazon walked down the hallway toward the back of the inn. The slave
girl thought there were steps at the end of the hall, but they did not go that
far. They stopped at the slave elevators. Put high heels on a slave girl and she
will have trouble moving up and down stairs. Add a blindfold and she will not
move anywhere. Steps are out of the question. To enable masters and mistresses
to move slave girls from one floor of the inn to another, they had special
elevators. Operated by ropes and counterweights, there was little to the device.
     An Amazon turned a crank to bring one of the cars to that floor. When it
arrived, she locked it into position. Now it was time to take care of Janice.
The Amazon with the leash used it to pull her toward the opening in the wall.
When the captive was less than a meter from it, an Amazon grabbed her by both
shoulders so she could turn her about. She maneuvered the beautiful captive
about so her back was to the opening, then pushed her backwards so Janice had to
step back. The first thing they did was to fasten a leather strap across her
flat tummy. Once this was buckled, it was impossible for her to leave the
elevator. They pulled a shelf up that had padding on each end. The shelf forced
her to keep her legs apart so her pussy was instantly available. One strap went
about each lower thigh immediately above the knee. Another strap went over each
ankle. The lower half of her body was now secured to the elevator so she could
not move it.
     The Amazons then fastened a heavy collar about the captive's throat. It was
similar to a posture collar as it forced the wearer to keep her chin in the air.
She could not move her head to either side. With the strap across her throat,
she could not bend the upper part of her body forward.
     Another Amazon began fastening a strap across the slave girl's upper chest
immediately above her large titties while an Amazon fastened a leather blindfold
over her eyes. Light to her eyes was cut off by a pair of leather pads. A
leather strap about her head pressed these pads against her eyes. Janice moved
her eyes around to try to see out beyond the pads, but this blindfold was too
efficient to let that happen. She would see nothing until they removed it. While
she was doing that, she did not realize that they were position padded supports
on either side of her head so she could not move it from one side or the other.
By then, the final strap was in position. An Amazon ran it across her chest
below her large boobs.
     This all left the captive incapable of moving at all. She could squirm
about a little, but that was it.
     "By Janice. Have fun."
     The slave girl recognized Clarissa's voice. She felt fingertips between her
legs playing with her pussy. The fingers withdrew as she heard a giggle. The
others did the same to her. Janice could do nothing but stand there. They got
her close to an orgasm before stopping. Nothing was said to her. (There was
nothing to say to her since she was only a slave girl.)
     Suddenly she felt the elevator car begin to drop. She had no idea how far
down it went. All she knew was that it stopped. She expected them to free her
for some new torment, but they did not come. Janice stood there and waited.
     And waited. And waited.
     The Amazons were in no hurry. The Amazons had plans to make. The foremost
thing in their schedule was the timing of the coffle into town. They had several
hours to go so they could play with their newly-collared captive. They knew what
was in store for Janice once Shelley had her hands on the beautiful brunette.
They would play with her. It would go far to make her servitude even worse. ther
leash.
     "You have been a real good, little slave girl, Janice, so I think you
deserve a reward. Would you like to be rewarded for your behavior?"
     While Janice was certain that what they had in store for her would not be
pleasant, she knew better than to offer any resistance. She nodded. She just
hoped it was not another spanking. Anything would be better than that.
     "Let us go, Slave Girl."
     The handcuffed captive staggered to her feet as the Amazon pulled up on the
leash. They gave her no chance to realize where she was. They made her run down
the hall.
     "Kneel on here."
     All Janice saw was the platform before her. She raised her left knee in the
air to rest it on it, then brought the right up to join it. An Amazon on each
side of her pulled her up the rest of the way.
     "Spread your knees. Further. Further!"
     As Janice moved her knees apart, she moved them off the platform. Beyond it
on each side was a padded post. Janice put her knee on the post on that side. An
Amazon pulled a pair of straps up. Quickly she thrust the working end through
the buckle on the end of the other. As soon as her right knee was perched atop
that post, another Amazon strapped it down.
     The reason the Amazons had replaced her rope bondage was made evident. It
took only second to free her hands. One Amazon held each wrist which they pulled
forward. By then Janice realized they were about to put her into a pillory.
      The upper board had been raised into the air to reveal the three grooves
in the lower board. She let them guide her hands down to the outer grooves.
Rather than pull her hands through, they simply placed her hands on the wood.
     "Put your head here."
     She had to support her weight with her hands as she lowered her head toward
the larger, center groove. As soon as her throat was against it, they pulled her
hands forward. The beautiful captive looked to her right. She saw that hand
hanging through the groove. Almost immediately it became encircled with wood as
the upper board came down. She looked to the left. The situation of her left
hand was the same as her right. She watched as an Amazon attached a large
padlock to a pair of rings. Once it was in place, she could not get out.
     "Do you know what these stocks are?"
    Janice shook her head as best you could.
    "These are availability stocks. Do you know what they are used for?"
    Janice answered by opening her eyes wide. She did not have to see to know
what she looked like. She was bent over with legs spread and her pussy exposed.
She was available. The Amazons laughed as they went to a table in front of the
captive. From here they could watch Janice's face. She would enjoy what was
about to happen to her. Her face would reflect the agony she felt as she
realized she was rapidly turning into a most obedient slave girl.
     There were several slave girls in positions such as this throughout the
inn. (The innkeeper knew how to take care of his customers.) There was no need
for them to pick out a slave girl to use. They were there ready to be used. The
Amazons knew that the likelihood of someone picking Janice would be quite
remote. Therefore, they paid several men to avail themselves of her position,
      Janice looked around at her bondage in hopes of finding some way to
escape. There was none, of course. Even if she had escaped, the first free
person who found her would tie her up.      She wore a collar. She was a slave
girl. She heard the men's voices behind her. She blushed at the thought of them
being able to see her pussy. When they remained standing behind her, she
realized what they intended to do. She tried to pull her wrists through the
wooden circles, but could not. It took only a few seconds for her to come the
first time. The men continued talking as she came a second and a third.
     "I hope he never comes,"
     Janice thought to herself as she felt another orgasm on its way. She
grunted her disapproval when he was done. He ignored her. After all, she was
merely another slave girl. The other man replaced him. Had she been listening,
Janice could have learned quite a lot about playing the stock market. Her
thoughts were elsewhere.
      She was totally exhausted by the time he was finished. She hung her head
low in shame as they walked away. Shame, because she wished they would stay. Her
wishes were immediately answered as another man took their place, and their was
another behind him.
      "I think she is starting to like it too much," Danielle said as she sipped
her glass of white wine.       "I know," Clarissa said with a smile. From the
look on the captive's face it was evident that she was undergoing another
orgasm. "But we know what is in store for her. She is going to look back upon
this afternoon as the good old days."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 8

     So you may be wondering: What happened to Paulette during this time?  As it
was, her fate was not dissimilar to Janice's.
     When last we left her, she was in the hallway, tethered to a ring on the
wall so she had to remain bent over.  Her legs were spread far apart, the normal
position for any slave girl.  With an extremely short miniskirt and no panties,
her pussy was visible to all.  She was positive that every man who came by would
take advance of her helplessness.  She tensed as she heard someone coming down
the hall toward her.  The person drew nearer and nearer, and then passed by. 
Paulette turned her head to the left to look to try to see if it was a man or a
woman, but her long tresses were in the way.  She concluded it was a woman.  She
could think of no other reason why a free person would not take advantage of her
condition. 
      She thought the same about the second person.  Then the third.
      The next two came down the hall together.  As they conversed in low tones,
she knew they were men.  She tensed her body again, knowing they would stop. 
They would use their fingers first to explore her pussy.  Then, no doubt, they
would move onto her large bosom.  Then they would---
     Walk right by without paying her any attention at all.
      She gave a muffled grunt of protest.  She knew she was beautiful.  She
knew she was sexy.  What she could not understand was why no one paid her the
slightest bit of attention.
The problem was of course that she was just another slave girl on display.  In
the position, she looked no different from the other 20 or 30 slave girls out on
display in that tavern.  Because of her position, her most endearing asset,
those pair of tremendously large boobs, was obscured by her body.
      After a few more occurrences like that, Paulette's ego had taken a severe
beating.  She wondered why no one wanted to use her.  She began to wish that
someone would stop.  She did not care even if it was a mistress.  She just
wanted someone to acknowledge that she was beautiful and sexy.
      Finally someone did stop for the buxom brunette.  Her name was Peggy
Phrack and she was a whipmistress employed by the tavern.  Her interest in the
beautiful brunette was not carnal, but rather monetary.  Janice had paid her to
take care of Paulette while she was out of the town.  The tall woman had other
things to do.  One slave girl standing in a hallway meant nothing to her. 
Janice's instructions had been to keep her some place in public, and then to put
her out for a delivery service.
      Peggy finally got around to Paulette after the beautiful captive had been
standing in the hall for an hour.
      The whipmistress pulled the leather blindfold from her belt.  It consisted
of a pair of leather pads, lined on the inside with foam rubber, and a leather
strap.  She loosely buckled the ends together, then slipped it over Paulette's
head.  Using her left hand, she adjusted the position of the pads so both eyes
were covered.  She then pulled the working end of the strap with her right hand. 
As the strap grew tighter about her head, it pressed the leather pads against
her eyes.  These pads in turn caused the foam rubber to conform to the contours
of her face.  When the whipmistress stuck the pin through the hold and tucked
the end of the strap through a leather loop, no light at all could get through
to the eyes of the captive.
      The woman then unsnapped the end of the tether leash from the ring on the
front of Paulette's collar.  She pulled the captive upright while her right hand
removed a chain leash from her belt.  She attached the end of it to the ring in
front.
      "Come on, Slave Girl."
      Nothing else needed to be said as Paulette was nothing more than another
slave girl.  Maybe she did not think she was one, but she wore the leather slave
collar of a slave girl.  In the eyes of everyone she was a slave girl.  (Had
Janice been caught and convicted of collaring a free woman within the walls of
the city, she would have been convicted and sentenced to be sold.  As for
Paulette, since she wore a slave collar, she obviously deserved to be a slave
girl.  She, also, would be sold.)
     The whipmistress led the beautiful captive down various halls toward the
back of the tavern where the slave kennels were located.  Unused to walking
blindfolded and bound and in high heels, her progress was necessarily slow.  The
mistress had to jerk several times on the leash as an unspoken message for the
captive to hurry up.
      Now Peggy was no fool.  Every slave girl knew that if she did not obey
each command without hesitation, she could expect to be punished.  She suspected
that this brunette had not worn a collar very long.  (She did not, however,
suspect the truth.  No woman could possibly be so naive as to allow herself to
be collared.)
     The kennels of the tavern consisted of a large communal room where slave
girls could be kept for the night.  With them all in once place it was easier
for the guards to keep an eye on them.  No, there was no chance at all for them
to escape, but there was the very real possibility that they could be rustled. 
(Free women could be kidnaped.  Slave girls, lacking the status of free women,
could only be rustled.)
      There were alcoves to the sides where slave girls could be prepared
according to their masters' and mistresses' instructions.  At the same time the
captives were in a semi-public area where everyone could enjoy their charms.
      There were also a number of private rooms.  If a slave girl deserved some
special punishment (or pleasure), the whipmistresses could use the room.
      Whipmistresses were always women.  (Duh.)  The guards were usually men. 
Both masters and mistresses knew a man might feel some sympathy toward a slave
girl when it came time to punish her bottom.  A woman had no such reserve.  They
could be counted on to deliver as many blows to a slave's bottom as was
required.  (And, of course, since they were not as strong, the risk of doing
real damage to a slave girl was less.)
      Peggy led Paulette to one of the alcoves.  She stopped, and had to grab
the captive by the shoulders to keep her from walking from her.  Yes, it was
plainly evident that this slave had little experience.  Her instructions had not
included any punishment, but she felt something was in order.  A slave girl
staggering around while under her control was embarrassing.
     While she had hold of the brunette's shoulders, she turned her in the
proper position.  She kept hold of the leash as she stepped a few meters to her
right to get the end of a chain running to a post.  She stepped back to attach
it to the ring on the left side of Paulette's slave collar.  In seconds she had
a change attached to the ring on the other side.
      Now that she knew the slave girl could not run off, she removed the leash
from the ring in front.
      "Spread you legs apart."
       The tall mistress ran a chain to the captive's right ankle.  At the end
was a leather cuff which she wrapped around her lower leg just above the ankle. 
There was no need to lock it.  There was no way the captive could get it off. 
In seconds she had the other legs similarly secured so Paulette had to stand
with her legs spread wide apart.
      She paced about the captive once.  She had not realized how voluptuous a
figure this slave had.  She paused in front of her, staring at the brunette's
large titties.  Slowly her tongue rubbed across her lower lip.  Yes, very
voluptuous.  Stepping forward, she removed the clothing so she could study her
captive in all her natural beauty.
      She stepped back to get a look at Paulette's boobs in relation to the rest
of her body.  While her own tits were big, they did not compare at all to the
slave girl's.  The idea for a fitting punishment began to take shape in her
mind.
      The general toxic pollution of the environment had resulted in
near-priapism for men.  On women, the result had been the presence of seemingly
oversized bosom.  Even "small" ones were quite large.  Huge ones the size of
Paulette's were not rare, but neither were they common place.  They had a name
for slave girls with boobs that large. 
     Cows.
      The first thing she needed was a different gag.  The one the brunette wore
was a regular ballgag.  She needed a harness of some sort to carry out her plan. 
Going to the one of the cabinets on the wall she went through the collection of
gags until she found a ballgag harness.  That would work fine.
      Stepping around behind the naked captive, she parted Paulette's hair,
throwing one half over each shoulder so it hung down in front partially hiding
her boobs.  The exposed the nape of her neck, and the buckle of the strap
holding the rubber ball in the captive's mouth.  Once it was free, she reached
over both of Paulette's shoulders.  "Open wide."  As soon as she felt the slave
girl's lower jaw move, she jerked the rubber ball out with her left hand. 
Before Paulette could close her mouth, the whipmistress was pressing the bright
red rubber ball of the ballgag harness against her mouth.  Quickly it slid in,
silencing the captive once again.
       Using both hands, she pulled both ends of the black leather neck strap
behind Paulette's head.  It took only seconds to get the working end thrust
through the buckle on the other end.  With her left hand braced against the
slave girl's head to hold it steady, she pulled with her right so the rubber
ball was drawn deep within the captive's mouth.
      Paulette could make no sounds above a muffled grunt.  Everything was as it
should be.  Slave were not meant to speak.  They had only to please.
      The whipmiestrees then drew the blindfold up over Paulette's head,
discarding it on a nearby chair.  Even as she turned her head back to the
captive, her left hand was seeking the harness where it hung down from her
mouth.  She drew it up the brunette's face so the black leather cheek straps
came together at the bridge of her nose.  From them a single strap continued up
over her head and down in back where it fastened to the neck strap.
      Peggy stepped around in front of the captive to get at the remaining
straps.  The cheek straps were attached to the neck strap barely a centimeter
from each side of Paulette's mouth.  Half a centimeter beyond that, chin straps
dangled down.  Quickly she threaded the working end through the buckle on the
other end.
     "Bite down on the ball."
      Paulette's eyes grew wide as the woman pushed her head back. 
      "Bite harder!  Bite harder!"
      Finally Peggy was able to use her thumb to stick the pin through the hole
in the strap.        Paulette tried to loosen her grip on the rubber ball
between her teeth, but found the chin strap prohibited her from doing that.  She
could not believe that anything could force her to be more silent than that
ballgag, but she had to admit that this new gag certainly did a much more
thorough job.
      The mistress stepped back to get the blindfold from the chair.  She did
not want the slave girl to know what was about to happen to her.  While it would
be fun punishing her if she struggled, she wanted to get this started and then
move on.
      So many slave girls, so little time.
      She loosened the strap a little so she could fit it down over the
beautiful brunette's head.  When she pulled the working end of the strap as far
as it would not, Paulette could see nothing.
She reached for the leash, but paused.  Maybe a change of bondage would be in
order.  Paulette's legs would be spread.  Perhaps something that kept her arms
spread would finish the position.
The spreader bar was a meter and a half long.  One end she strapped to the
brunette's left wrist.  Once she had the handcuffs off, she used her left hand
on the bar to push Paulette's left arm to the left while her right dragged the
right over to the cuff attached to the end.
      Before proceeding she slowly walked about the captive.  She smiled in
pride at her craftsmanship.  Paulette looked every bit as beautiful, sexy, and
helpless as she wanted.
She removed the leather cuffs from about her ankles.  This allow Paulette to
straighten up a little.  (She started to bring her feet together, then
remembered she was supposed to be a slave girl.  She had to keep them apart if
she did not want to be punished.)
      The whipmistress attached the end of the leash to the ring on the front of
the brunette's collar again before removing one, then the other chains attached
to the rings on the right and left sides.
Paulette had no idea where she was going.  All she knew was she was bare-ass
naked, bound and gagged.
       The route they took led back to the main part of the tavern.  That was
where there was the greater chance of men finding Paulette.  Peggy knew exactly
where to go.  Where the hall widened between the cafe and the great room, she
knew many men would pass by.  It was here that she had Paulette stop.  At her
urging the buxom captive spread her legs far apart so the mistressd could secure
them with chains and leather cuffs.  The chains held her legs far apart.  She
could not bring them together to protect her pussy.
      Peggy attached one end of a chain through a hole in the center of the
spreader bar.  The chain ran up through a pulley attached to the ceiling.  When
she pulled on it, the captive had no choice but to raise her arms in the air, at
the same time bending out.
      Her naked butt stuck out.  She ran her hands over Paulette's round bottom,
tasting each sensuous curve with her fingertips.
      There was more though.  Peggy's plan included more than merely having
Paulette available for men to use.  The buxom slave girl had to actively solicit
use of her body.  That would be her punishment for having such large titties.
      The whipmistress went down the hall a short distance to a supply room
where she selected the item she needed.  She held it tightly to keep from giving
away her plan as she approached the naked captive.  She felt confident that with
boobs as large as hers, this brunette had suffered through this often before,
but this would be an added treat.  She would not expect this from a stranger at
a tavern.  She paused in front of the captive.  With boobs that big, there was
no reason for Paulette not to expect this treatment, Peggy thought to herself. 
Women might laugh at women with bigger bosom, but actually they were jealous. 
With Peggy' s long, lean frame, her tits were the perfect size for her build. 
But she could not help but know that Paulette's were bigger, much bigger.  She
deserved to be punished for that..
       The blindfolded captive felt someone doing something to the chin strap of
her ballgag harness.  She hoped they were loosening it, but it was as tight as
ever when the person let go.  More than that, though, she felt something hanging
from it.
       The mistress who removed the blindfold had moved around behind her.  Her
hand went from Paulette's face to her left tit.  Two fingers gently gripped
nipple.  She applied a little pressure as she rolled cone back and forth,
gradually making it hard and pointed. 
      The msitress tossed the blindfold over her right shoulder to free that
hand.  With it she grabbed the other tit.  In seconds she had Paulette very
aroused.  During this process, Paulette had remained motionless, not want to
give her mistress the satisfaction of knowing just how close she was to an
orgasm.
      "Do you like this, Slave Girl?"  Paulette knew better than to shake her
head "no."  Besides, it did feel good.  She wished the mistress would put her
hand between her legs.  She nodded enthusiastically.
      As she nodded, the cow bell attached to the chin strap jangled.  Paulette
froze.
     "Keep it up.  The ringing of that bell makes me almost as hot as you are." 
     To add emphasis to the statement, she pinched the brunette's nipple. 
Reluctantly, Paulette nodded again.  The sounds of the cow bell echoed through
the halls of the tavern.  She glanced in one direction, than the other to see if
anyone was coming.  She did not want anyone to see her like this.  What if some
man should come by and see her!
      What a perfect punishment, Peggy thought as she continued to knead the
brunette's giant mounds,  Any women with boobs that big not only deserved to be
a slave girl, she deserved to have to flaunt her charms.  Everyone who heard
that ringing would know that it signaled the presence of an extreme big-chested
slave girl.  Free women and slave girls alike would laugh (or in the case of
slave girls snicker through their gags),
      While women would take pleasure in the humiliation of a buxom slave girl,
the pleasure men would take would be more physical.  By ringing that bell the
brunette was calling anyone and everyone to use her.
     The mistress moved her left hand from that tit across her flat belly to her
pubic hair.  The mistress rubbed her fingertips back and forth.
     "I bet you are really get hot."
     The cow bell continued to clang loudly as the brunette nodded.  She knew
she did not dare stop.  When this was over, she would get her revenge on Janice. 
She would convince her to allow herself to be bound as a slave girl.  Then she
would have her revenge.  Well, not completely, perhaps.  Janice's boobs were a
pair of handfuls, but they were no way as large as hers.  She would not justify
wearing a cowbell.
     "I am going to keep listening.  You keep ringing that bell or else." 
Peggy's hand went from the captive's crotch to her tit again.  "If I no longer
hear the bell ringing, I am going to come back here and give you twenty hard
swats here," she pinched Paulette's bottom on the left, "And here," a pinch on
the other cheek, "And here," She squeezed the left tit.  "And here."  She
squeezed the right one.  "And since twenty more will make it an even hundred,
the last twenty will go here." Her hand went down between the captive's legs,
     Paulette's long, dark hair kept her from seeing to the left.  She did not
know if the mistress had left or not.  The cow bell jangling under her chin made
so much noise she could hear nothing. She knew the woman would be able to hear
it many meters away.
     Her head went up and down, up and down.  The cow bell clanged loudly
through the tavern.
It did not take long for a couple of men to come see her.  They knew what the
sound indicated.  They wanted to see how big this slave girl's titties actually
were.
     Paulette froze when she saw them coming.  She pleaded with them with her
eyes but they ignored her.  One man elbowed the other aside to stand directly in
front of her.  She felt his hands fondling her dangling titties.  She jerked her
body up to try to get free from his grasp, but of course that was impossible. 
He merely squeezed tighter.
     "Do you think they are the same size?"
     "There is only one way to find out."
     The first man removed his hand from Paulette's left tit.  He formed his
thumbs and index fingers into a circle and slid them over the tit.  When his
hand was against the brunette's chest, he squeezed tighter.
     "I'm having trouble getting my hand around it!"  Both men erupted in
laughter as the man moved his hands from one tit to the other.  Bound as she
was, Paulette could see nothing, but she certainly could feel it.
     "Let me check to make sure."
     His hands went back to the right tit, then the left.
     "I would say they are the same size.  What about you?"
     Now it was time for the second man to fondle her titties.
     Against her will, Paulette found herself becoming aroused.  The bell was
humiliating, but these men playing with her tits was.....nice.  She wished they
would play with them some more, but they walked around behind her.  She was sure
Ronor would enjoy doing that.
     Her head jerked back, causing the cow bell attached to the gag to ring. 
She had been so absorbed with them playing with her dangling boobs that she
forgotten about her exposed pussy.  They knew what was there.  She felt their
fingers exploring it.  Bound as she was, she could do nothing to stop them. 
     She knew what was going to happen.  She made little grunting noises to show
her display, but since she wore the leather collar of a slave girl, no one really
cared.  The men had moved behind her where her exposed pussy was completely
available.
     Her head jerked back again, causing the cow bell to ring.  The man wanted
to hold those marvelous titties, but could not.  He had to be content to hold
her hips as he thrust forward.
As his hips struck her bare bottom, Paulette's head jerked back.  The bell rang
once, twice, again and again.
     She felt herself coming.  Her hands struggled with the leather straps
holding them against the ends of the bar, but nothing she did would allow her
any freedom.  Through her gag she uttered a cry of pleasure as she came for the
first time.  The men did not hear it as the movement of her head was ringing the
cow bell almost continuously.
     She wanted release, but none was coming.  She felt another orgasm
approaching, and the man displayed no signs of wanting to quite.  Once again her
cry of pleasure was muffled by the gag and masked by the sounds of the cow bells
ringing.  She felt herself coming a third time, and then a fourth.  The fifth
occurred just before the man was done.
     She hung limply in her bondage.  It was the greatest sexual experience she
had ever had.
And the other man had not taken his turn yet.
     Primed as she was by the first man's use of her body, she came rapidly. 
The orgasms came quickly and as loudly as the rubber ball filling her mouth
would allow.
     She wanted more but she was too tired to beg for it when he was done.
     She heard them walk away discussing the price of horses.  She had played
her part her their daily pleasure.  Now their discussion had turned to something
important.
     She realized the mistress would know she was not ringing the cow bell.  She
jerked her head up-and-down, up-and-down.  She did not want to be punished.
     And if she was lucky, maybe she would attract more men by signaling to all
that her titties were delightfully large.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 9

     Gina tried to resist when they grabbed her, really she did.  She tried to
bring her arms up so she could hit them, but their hands drew hers behind her
back.  There was little she could do as they had their plan all worked out.  Not
that they had to discuss it among themselves, of course, they all knew what to
do.  They had done this often before.
     When one Amazon grabbed each arm, Gina turned her head to look back.  A
third Amazon grabbed her tits and squeezed tightly.  When the beautiful brunette
opened her mouth to complain, a fourth Amazon shoved the gag into her mouth. 
This was a padded bit gag, foam rubber wrapped about a wooden dowel with a
covering of black leather.  Once it was in her mouth, she was doomed.  She
pushed against it with her tongue but could not get it out.
     The Amazons pushed her down to her knees.  Though this was a submissive
position, they did it to keep their captive from fighting back.  She could not
kick them, and neither could she resist as they bound and undressed her.  She
was now totally at their mercy.  Of course they had none.
And her bondage had not yet begun.
     They pushed her head down so she could only look toward the ground in front
of her knees.  The fourth Amazon quickly thrust the working end of one strap
through the buckle on the other.  She jerked, drawing the gag as deeply into the
future captive's mouth.  Gina was totally gagged by now.  She could make
grunting sounds, but none that could be heard more than a few meters away.  No
one who heard these muffled cries would come to help her.  (Okay, anyone who
came across her would not help her, but that is another story.)
     At the same time they were applying the gag to their beautiful captive, the
Amazon's were binding her arms.  One Amazon held both of the beautiful young
woman's hands together as though they intended to tie them.  Another Amazon
though looped a rope about Gina's upper arms just above the elbow.  She had a
loop tied in one end of the rope.  After half a dozen passes about the upper
arms, she thrust the working end through the loop.  Placing her left knee
against the kneeling woman's side, she pulled, drawing the elbows together.  A
series of knots insured that she could not get her arms apart.
     With her upper arms bound securely, there was little the beautiful captive
could do to keep them from tying her wrists together.  She tried to move her
hands apart, but of course her bondage prohibited her from moving them more than
a few centimeters.  Quickly they slipped a loop about one wrist.  From there it
was easy for them to pass the rope about both.  The Amazons pulled the ropes as
tight as they could before tying a knot. 
     Gina felt the loose rope about her wrists.  She thought she could escape if
they gave her a chance.  What she did not realize was that with her upper arms
bound as they were, she could not move her arms enough to allow her to slip her
hands out of the loop.
     The Amazons had no intention of allowing their captive the slightest
opportunity to escape.  As soon as the knots were tied, one end of the rope was
passed between her bound hands and the other between her lower arms.  When
pulled tight and knotted, the ropes about her wrists were so tight that she had
no chance at all of escaping.
     Even as they were binding her arms securely behind her, other Amazons were
at work.  Their shape disrobing knives sliced through the material of her
clothing without cutting the soft flesh underneath.  When they had her clothing
slashed to her knees, they pulled her forward to allow one Amazon to raise the
captive's feet off the ground.  With this advantage, they had no trouble
removing the remainder of her clothing, and her shoes.
     She was totally naked as they began adding ropes to her body, ropes that
would not only serve to further immobilize her, but would provide unfathomable
humiliation for a free woman.  The Amazons reasoned that a free woman forced to
act as a slave girl, would prefer to wear a slave collar than to suffer through
the jeers and taunts of others.
     One set of ropes went about each lower thigh immediately above the knee. 
There were four loops altogether before they tied a simple loop in the rope that
was on the inside.  To do this, they had the captive on her knees with her
bottom raised in the air.  Once both ropes were tied, they pushed her down so
her bottom rested on her ankles.
     Another rope went about her chest just below those deliciously large tits. 
Again they tied a loop on each side.
     A meter-long bar was slid under her elbows and tied to the ropes there. 
Another was placed against her back and ropes run about her slender waist.
     There was a slight delay as an Amazon attached a belled strap to the
brunette's right leg immediately above the ankle.  She pulled it tight before
buckling it.  There was no need to use a lock.  Gina would not be able to get to
the buckles to undo them.  When the strap was about her left leg, they were
ready to proceed to the next step.
     The Amazons looked at one another to coordinate what they wanted to do. 
With a nod, they pushed the captive backwards so she lay on her bound arms.  An
Amazon grabbed each foot to drag it out from under the naked captive.
     Gina was in no position to do anything as they pulled her feet back toward
her head.  When her feet were over halfway, they pushed down, forcing her knees
down to the sides of her chest.  Quickly an Amazon threaded one end of a leather
thong through the loop on the side of her chest.  She tied the end of one to the
loop on the captive's thigh. 
     While she did this, another Amazon lifted the captive's head in the air so
Gina had to look down her body.  The mistress had both hands on the back of the
brunette's head so the nape of her neck was free.  The Amazon threaded the thong
under the captive's head.  Another Amazon took the working end and started
threading the end through the loop on the ropes on that side.  The first Amazon
adjusted the placement of a padded pad so it was against the captive's neck. 
     The other Amazon finished tying a knot in the rope so Gina was locked in
this position.
     The Amazons stepped back to admire the work they had done.  Gina lay on her
back with her legs spread so both her pussy and ass were clearly visible to
anyone standing before her.  The twin bars across her back prohibited her from
rolling onto either side.  What she could do was rock and forth, and kicked her
feet up and down.  Either action caused the bells on her ankles to ring.       
People had to be drawn to the source of the sound.  The more she struggled, the
more attention she drew to herself.
     As an added humiliation, the strap about the back of her neck forced her to
hold her head up so she stared down her body.  She could see her large, naked
boobs, as well as her bush.  More importantly from the Amazons point of view was
that it enabled her to see anyone watching her.
     The Amazons stood around her laughing.  One prodded her pussy with the toe
of her boot.
     "Maybe we should take her down by the road.  Maybe someone will come along
and take pity on her and let her go."
     The Amazons laughed at that.  Gina made her own muffled protests.  She did
not want anyone seeing her bound as she was.  She knew no one would help her. 
If they could, anyone would merely slip a leather slave collar about her neck
and claim her as their own.
     In that position, any man could have her if he wished.  (Gina had snubbed
many men so she knew at least one of them would come by if the Amazons moved her
into a public place.)
     "We will come back for you.  You just keep on struggling, and who knows? 
Maybe someone will come rescue you."
     That elicited more laughter from the Amazons.  Only a fool would free a
bound woman.  Gina was still a free woman, but there were few things in life
more satisfying that forcing a beautiful captive to beg for a slave collar.
     They found Cindi where they had left her.  She thrashed about on the ground
but could not get free.  The Amazons had bound her in a hogtie that insured her
presence when they returned.
     "Let us see what kind of goods we have to work with."
     They cut the rope connecting the blonde's feet to a rope about her chest. 
Her wrists were still bound and her arms were bound securely against her body. 
Her legs were still tied at the ankle and the lower thigh.  Cindi was going
nowhere.
     They dragged the blue-eyed captive to her feet.  A disrobing knife slashed
the ropes encircling her chest and upper arms above and below her large tits. 
The Amazon then went to work on her top.  A slash here, a slash there, and the
tattered garment fell away.  The white cotton bra offered no more resistance
than the top had.
     "Nice pair."
     That summed it up admirably according to Amazon standards.  They already
knew she was a beautiful blonde, but she had been hiding those oversized titties
of hers.  She would make a most suitable slave girl.
     The disrobing knife next cut away the rope about her lower thighs.  Her
slacks and panties were next.
     "Hey!  She is a natural blonde," an Amazon giggled as she grabbed a fistful
of hair.  The young blonde struggled, but there was nothing she could do.  She
was destined to become a slave girl no matter what she did.
     An Amazon slipped a leather blindfold over the captive's beautiful eyes. 
Foam rubber lined each pad so when the strap was pulled tight, the leather pad
forced the foam rubber to foam to the contours of her face.  No light got
through to the captive's eyes.  She was more helpless than before.
     "I am going to guide you.  Just come to you feet and follow me."
     The Amazon grabbed both of Cindi's nipples and pulled up.  The blonde tried
to come to her feet to relieve the pressure, but the mistress was more mobile. 
When the captive was on her feet, she pulled forward on them, indicating she was
to follow.
     Cindi tried to back away, to get away from that woman's grip on her
titties.
     A pair of Amazons standing behind her (in case such an emergency arose)
shoved her to her knees.
     "I see a little persuasion is in order."
     The Amazon pulled a pair of pliers from her belt.  They were needle-nosed,
but blunt so the tips would not hurt the captive.  The Amazon reached down with
the pliers to grab a small amount of Cindi's public hair.  She twisted her hand
as she pulled up.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Cindi tried to come to her feet to take the strain off her pubic hair but
could not.  She had not yet mastered the ability to kneel and then rise with her
hands bound behind her.
     "Do you promise to behave?"
     The beautiful blonde nodded.  Nothing they did to her could be any worse
than that.
     The Amazon opened the pliers to fit them over Cindi's right nipple.  She
allowed the handles to come together so the young captive would know they were
there without feeling any pain.
     "If you misbehave again, I use this on these girls.  Understand?"
     The blonde nodded.  She was learning the obedience expected of a slave
girl.  Not that any woman could not be trained given enough time, but Cindi was
proving to be particularly susceptible to her new position in life.  The Amazons
were quick to attribute that to the fact that Cindi was a blonde.
     To the Amazons, a blonde was fit to be nothing more than a slave girl. 
Though publicly made no statements regarding blondes, a careful observer would
realize that there were no blonde Amazons.  While it was true that blondes were
recruited, they always found themselves wearing slave collars instead of the
black leather of an Amazon.
     "Get up."
      Cindi struggled to her feet.  Again the Amazon grabbed her by the nipples
to guide her across their compound.  She made no effort to resist.  The Amazon's
touch was not painful, and actually a little pleasant (though Cindi would never
admit that).
     Their destination was not far from where Andrea had begged to become a
slave girl earlier in the day.  This pavilion was larger, it had to be since
they were going to force two free women to beg to be made into slave girls at
the same time instead of just one.
     The Amazons had prepared the area for the submission of the two by dragging
a pair of wooden punishment benches to one side.
     These punishment benches were padded to insure that the captive did not
accidently hurt herself.  At the front there was a pillory.  The Amazons already
had the upper pieces raised and locked open to make it easier to accommodate the
captives.  The forty centimeter-wide benches were inclined so the captives'
heads would be lower than her bottom.  Near the pillory the benches narrowed to
barely ten centimeters in width.
     Several sturdy timbers held the bench in position.  Attached to them were
the necessary leather straps needed to secure the captive in position so she
could not squirm about.  Once secured to this bench, she would not be able to
get free until they allowed her to do so.
     Two Amazons lifted the naked blonde in the air.  They pull her forward so
she straddled the raised end of the bench.  The Amazons then drew her feet up to
hold them in place with leather cuffs.
     At this point they removed the blindfold.  It not longer whether the
beautiful blonde saw what they were going to do to her.  She was helplessly
bound.  She could do nothing to resist.
One Amazon pushed her upper body forward, while another held it up so she did
not fall forward and hurt herself.  Once she lay on the padded bench, they
passed straps across her lower back near her bottom, and at her upper back.
     The next step was to secure the pillory in place.  Two Amazons gradually
lowered the upper piece down until it was against the nape of the blonde's neck. 
A block of wood attached to that piece forced her to keep her head bowed toward
the floor.  She could see nothing but the base of the punishment bench.
     The upper piece locked as soon as the two pieces of wood made contact. 
Still, the Amazons attached a large padlock to the left of her head.  Cindi
would know that there was no hope of escape.
     Most of the Amazons went to get Jane.  A couple stayed behind to guard
Cindi and to acquaint her with her position.		
     Cindi's round bottom was raised in the air, her legs were spread so
everyone could see her pussy.   Though the captive blonde could not see it, her
bottom was raised as a pair of globes, ready to be spanked.
     One of the Amazons reached in between her legs to grab some of the pubic
hair.        "Mmmmmfffffttttt"  Cindi grunted through her gag.  She squirmed
back and forth in her bondage, but was quite incapable of gaining any freedom at
all.  She could wiggle her ass only a centimeter in any direction.  When the
Amazons were ready to play with her, she would be available.
     If the blonde Cindi put up resistance, they expected nothing less from the
brunette Jane.  She surprised them all by following peacefully when the Amazon
pulled her by her nipples.  The beautiful brunette followed.  With a couple of
minutes, she was bound as securely as Cindi was.
Gina jerked her legs once.  The ringing of the bells was so loud.  She struggled
again, only longer.  It seemed to her that the longer she struggled, the louder
the bells seemed to ring.
     It was inevitable that people were attracted to the sounds of the bells. 
The beautiful brunette tried to see who approached, but with her head raised in
the air, she could not turn her head.
     "My, isn't this a sight."
     It was a couple of men.  Frozen with embarrassment, she stared up at them. 
     The second man prodded her bottom cheeks with the toe of his right shoe.
      "Wouldn't this look good mounted over the fireplace in your den?"
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     The men laughed, first at Gina's predicament, then at her protests, and
finally at her feeble attempts to get free.  The Amazons had tied her she would
remain bound until someone chose to free her.
     She could not know, of course, that these two were slavers, checking out
the competition's merchandise.  While each would have gladly purchased Gina
(with or without a collar), they knew from her bondage without a collar that the
Amazons intended to keep her as their own.
Still laughing, they wandered off.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Gina tried to scream after them to get them to free her but they ignored
her.  She was a beautiful woman destined to be a slave girl.  No one in their
right mind would help her.
Gina continued to struggle, hoping they would hear the ringing of the bells and
come back to free her.  Instead, she attracted another group.
     "Hey, I wonder if this one is for sale?"
     Her right knee was in the way so at first she could not see who the woman
was.  Gradually she emerged into sight.  She was no more than twenty or
twenty-one.  There were four of them, each young and beautiful.  Gina was only a
couple of years older than they.  She was certain they would take pity on her
and free her.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     "Patsy, maybe, if we pooled our money together, we could buy her."
     Gina stopped struggling.  They were talking about buying her.  She could
not believe that they would not going to help her either.
      "She is not wearing a collar," the one called Patsy observed.  "I think we
would get into trouble if we tried to take her back into town."
     "Oh, there you are."
     The four young women looked up.  Gina could not see who the speaker was. 
The woman stood near her head.  The naked captive tried to rock her body back so
she could see, but all she accomplished doing was to cause the bells on her
ankles to ring again.
     "Oh.  Hi!  We were just looking for you."
     "I saw you admiring our latest acquisition."
     Gina knew the woman was talking about her head.  She had moved forward a
meter.  The beautiful captive could not see her face, but recognized the black
leather she wore.  This was one of the Amazons.
     "Yeah.  You know, she isn't wearing a collar."
     The Amazon chuckled.
     "She is undergoing some tenderizing."
     "Tenderizing -- you mean like meat?!
     "You could say that.  She tried to sell us a couple of slave girls.  The
asking price was about right, but when we haggled, she came down in price very
quickly.  That made us suspicious.  We did a little checking, and discovered she
had rustled the two."
     She poked Gina in the side with the toe of her right boot.
     "Isn't that right?!
      Gina tried to deny it, but all she succeeded in doing was to get the bells
on her ankles to ring loud and long.  They all laughed at her feeble struggles.
     "What are you going to do to her?" one of the other girls asked, her blue
eyes wide in amazement at the sight of a free woman bound in this position.
     "We will keep her like this for a while.  Tonight we will send her clothes
over to one of the other camps.  Then we will handcuff her hands behind her
back, and send her in search of her clothing, dressed just the way she is now."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     The bells jingled again.  All five women laughed at Gina.
       "We thought maybe she might be for sale."
    "Oh, no, not her.  Did you bring your money?"  The four lovelies nodded. 
"Come along.  I will show you where we keep the special slave girls were do not
let the public bid on.  I am certain we can arrange something."
     The four followed the Amazon away.  Gina continued to struggle once they
were out of sight.  Nothing she did though gained her any freedom at all.
     Gina was alone for only a few minutes before she had two more visitors.
     "I see you know now to treat your visitors well," said Debbie with a laugh
as she studied Gina's predicament.  The captive brunette jerked her body twice
trying to break the ropes, but could not.  All that occurred was that the bells
at her ankles rang.
     "We have had her on our 'want' list for quite a while.  We believe that the
more arrogant and self-centered a woman is, the better slave girl she is."
     Gina responded by struggling furiously with her bondage, accompanied by the
ever ringing of the bells.
     "Are you going to give her the same treatment you gave Andrea?"
     "Well, it is all similar.  You take a proud young woman, strip her naked
and beat her ass until she begs to wear a slave collar.  Some, like Andrea, were
born for a collar.  Others, like Gina here, have to be persuaded."
     "Can't you just spank her until she submits?"
     "Where would the fun be in that?  We will have her wanting to beg to be a
slave girl before we even spank her for the first time."
     "You are not going to spank her?"
     Marlena looked surprised.
     "Yes, of course we are going to spank her.  She will beg to be a slave
girl.  That will not stop her from getting any number of spankings before she
receives her own slave collar.  The destination is the same.  The route is
different.  But first we have her two friends to take care of.  Come along."
     Gina saw them move to her left out of sight.  She jerked her knees again
and again, but could gain no freedom.  All she accomplished was the continual
ringing of those bells.  She paused to catch her breath and wondered who else
would stop by to take a look at her pussy and bottom.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 10

     Debbie slowly ran her hand over Jane's lower back and round bottom.  She
had caught only a glimpse of the two beautiful young women earlier when they
passed through with Gina.  She probably would not recognize them if she saw them
dressed as slave girls.  She knew each was beautiful, and she knew each had a
beautiful ass.  The tall brunette let her fingers dawdle over the curve of the
brunette's bottom.  Yes, she had such a lovely ass.
    She turned her attention from the brunette to the blonde.  Cindi's bottom
was more round.  The blonde's bottom had even a more severe curve at her bottom
cheeks and hips.  The brunette knew she would enjoy either one.
     She allowed her hand to run along Cindi's side.  Near the pillory, a large
tit dangled down where the bench narrowed.  They designed the bench so they
could punish the captive's bottom, but large dangling titties were not ignored
either.  Debbie fondled a soft, supple boob for a few seconds, allowing her
thumb and index finger to roll the nipple between them.  She felt it getting
hard.  They were about to punish Cindi so badly that she would beg to be a slave
girl just to get them to stop, and still she was easily aroused.
     Debbie allowed herself a little smile.  Maybe what they said was true. 
Maybe blondes were natural slave girls.
     "They look so cute, tied up like this, side-by-side.  What are you going to
do to them?"
     "We are going to have a little contest.  You both get spanked, spanked
rather severely, I may add.  You both will end up as slave girls before very
long."
     As she spoke, she stroked the back of Jane's head.  Marlena stood before
her but because the block of wood on the pillory forced her to keep her head
down, the beautiful brunette could see nothing of the Amazon above her thighs.
     "The contest is easy.  The woman who submits first wins.  She will plant
her face between my legs and after I am satisfied, she will beg for me to put a
collar on her.  Maybe I will.  Maybe I will not.  The Amazons around here would
enjoy the winner's pleasure.  I always enjoy a fresh tongue in the morning to
get the blood flowing."
     The Amazon leader moved over to Cindi.  Again, she stroked the back of the
captive's head.
     "The loser gets spanked, time and again, time and again.  She will struggle
to get free so she came beg us to free her, but of course we will not, not until
we are finished with her fanny."
     She looked up at Debbie.
     "Do you know what the lowest thing is?"
     The tall brunette smiled.
     "A slave girl who eats another slave girl."
     "That is what most people think, but it is wrong.  Even lower than a slave
girl who eats another slave girl is a beast of burden.  Think of it beautiful
women who cannot use their bodies to please.  All they can do is labor to please
their masters and mistresses, their firm bodies begging to be used."
     She leaned over to fondle Cindi's titties.
     "Even lower than a beast of burden is a boytoy a woman who serves no other
function than to lie on her back with her knees against her shoulders with a
male grunting on top her."
     She took a couple of steps so she could reach Jane's tits.  They were
somewhat smaller than Cindi's but very pleasant to fondle.
     "The lowest form of life?  The lowest form of life is a free woman who eats
a slave girl.  Yes, the loser of our little contest will be able to congratulate
the winner by eating her out as a free woman.  Imagine if you will the supreme
humiliation as the slave girl comes time and again with the tongue of a free
woman.  Only after she had satisfied the winner will she be allowed to beg for a
collar."
      Debbie had to laugh with Marlena.  She was amazed at the Amazon's ability
to come up with increasingly humiliating ways to get young women to submit to
being slave girls.  Little did she realize that behind the smile the Amazon
leader was plotting her demise.
      "Shall we begin?"
      "What is first?"
      "Tenderizing.  We must properly tenderize the women's bottoms.  We begin
with the bare hand.  Do you want to start with Jane while I do Cindi?  One
hundred swats.  That is, one hundred swats on each cheek.  Ready?"
      SmackSmack!  SmackSmack!  SmackSmack!  SmackSmack!  SmackSmack!
      "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
      "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
      The two beautiful captives began struggling as soon as the spankings
began.  Hands landed on soft flesh with a satisfying sound that echoed through
the pavilion.  The blonde and brunette wiggled about but could not alter their
positions at all.  The blows continued to fall.
      The two mistresses had different ways of doing it.  Oh, the basic premise
was the same, they just had different ways to achieve the desired ends.  Each
drew her hand in the air and brought it down against the round bottom of her
victim.  The difference was that Debbie methodically did it five times on one
cheek, then five times on the other, back and forth, back and forth.  Marlena
altered the target with each blow so Cindi would not know what her hand was
going to land.  One blow would land on the right cheek, the next on the left. 
Back to the right, then as the naked blonde anticipated a blow to the left, the
Amazon would deliver another to the right.  Maybe the next would land there
also, or perhaps it would land on the other cheek.  Cindi had no idea where it
would land.
      As this tenderizing routine went on, Clarissa and Danielle arrived from
their recent triumph over Janice.  That captive beauty was still locked in the
pillory in a nearby tavern with a couple of Amazons to watch over her.  No, they
had no fear that she would escape.  They were afraid that someone might rustle
her if she was left unguarded.  There was little honor among slavers.  If the
Amazons found another slaver attractive, they would not hesitate in enslaving
her.  The same could be said of other slavers.  More than one Amazon wore a
slave collar.
      "What are they doing?"  Danielle asked as she loosen the crotch strap of
her leather outfit.       The slave girl knelt at her feet ready to please. 
Once it was free, she sat down.  The slave girl leaned forward to make it easy
for the mistress to reach the buckle on the back of her ballgag.   Once the
bright red rubber ball was out of her mouth, she planned her lips on the
beautiful Amazon's pussy, and began to lick furiously.  She knew what would
happen to her if she did not please her mistress.
     "Contest between the blonde and the brunette."
     "No much of a contest."
     "Do you still think blondes are that inferior?"
     "Of course.  A silver talen says the blonde gives in first."
     "It is a bet."
     Marlena and Debbie continued to pound away at the naked captives' bottom
until they were bright red.  The Amazon knew that this spanking alone would not
get the two to submit.  This was the first step.  Women were placing bare hands
on their bottoms and they could do nothing about it.  Totally humiliated by
this, they would not be able to resist when the Amazons started using paddles.
     The number of prescribed swats was done.  Because of Debbie's methodical
approach, she was done a minute ahead of the Amazon leader.  When Marlena
stopped, the rounded bottoms of both women were bright.
     Cindi and Jane squirmed as much as their bondage would allow.  That of
course was no much.  Their bottoms burned from the spankings.  They could not
imagine pain any worse than this.       Nevertheless, they were about to
discover why the Amazons were so successful in enslaving women.
     "Come on.  Let us let the pros take over."
     Debbie followed Marlena to the chairs next to Clarissa and Danielle.  As
they moved in that direction, an Amazon came forward with a pair of slave girls
for their pleasure.
     "So, how did it go?"  Marlena asked, directing her question to Clarissa.
     "Like we planned.  The stupid little bitch is in a pillory at the tavern
showing off her wares to the men.  We bribed a couple with drinks to insure that
she was not ignored.  I would say she will be quite docile by the time she is
inside the gates."
     While all this went on, a pair of Amazons advanced on the two naked
captives.  They had an ongoing bet between themselves over who could get a
captive to submit first.  Their blows would be the hardest they could deliver.
     "I want to remind the two of you that the winner is the woman who submits
first.  You cannot move your head much.  However, you can lower your head and
then bring it up.  Do that a few times and we will interpret that as a 'yes'
answer.  Unfortunately, you get twenty-five swats with a wooden paddle
regardless.  Just remember, the one of you who submits first gets only
twenty-five.  The loser gets a lot more."
     With a slight nod, she signaled the two Amazons to begin.
     Smack!
     The paddles landed almost simultaneously on two bottoms, giving off one
sound.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     The naked captives tried to scream through their gags but could do no more
than make muffled grunts.  Heads rose as high as their bondage would allow. 
They pleaded with their captoresses to stop, but the two Amazons wielding the
paddles had volunteered because they were good at this job.  Nothing could stop
them from raising the paddles in the air and then slamming the broad area down
against the captives' bare fanny.
     "Damn."
      Danielle dug a silver talen from her purse and gave it to Clarissa. 
Though she had almost ten swats to go, Jane was already bobbing her head up and
down.  She was agreeing to be a slave girl, but that did not stop the punishment
from continuing.  She was destined to all twenty-five of those richly deserved
swats to her fanny.
     "I think we have a winner here," Marlena said.  "Cindi, your resolution is
admirable, but I think you will find it painful.  Think of this as your first
lesson as a slave girl.  You will learn always to submit."
     They pulled the pillory up to release Jane's head.  They removed the straps
holding her body against the bench.  The beautiful brunette's bottom burned too
much for her to do much more than hang limply while they lifted her off the
bench and set her on her knees on the ground.
     "Crawl over here, Jane.  Show me what a good little girl you are."
     The naked beauty raised her head a little so she could see in which
direction she had to go.  Her head dropped down so she could see only the ground
before her knees.  The Amazon who had been spanking her prodded her with a
switch.  She had to say nothing.  Jane knew that if she did not crawl over to
the Amazon leader, she would be beaten with that switch.
     Slowly, a couple of centimeters at a time, she made her way to Marlena. 
The slave girl who had been licking her was gone though the woman's crotch strap
was still off.  Jane knew why.  The Amazon's pussy was reserved for her tongue,
and she could do nothing about it.
     "Show me what a good little girl you are by putting your nose right here."
     Jane crawled forward a few more centimeters so her head was between the
Amazon's knees.  She bent forward, slowly lowering her face until her nose was
in the woman's pussy.  Slowly she moved her head up and down, dragging her nose
through the cleft.
     Marlena was busy unbuckling the straps holding the gag in the brunette's
mouth.  She pushed Jane's head back so she could remove the gag.
     "Now I want you to thank me for having you spanked.  If you make me come a
lot, I will not have you spanked again."
     Jane's tongue replaced her nose.  She had no experience at this, but it did
not take long for the Amazon to have another orgasm.  Jane continued to lick
until they ordered her to stop.
The Amazon pushed her head back.  Jane opened her mouth wide so the Amazon could
shove the gag back in her mouth.
     "I think you have earned this."
     She held a leather slave collar down near her pussy.  Jane lowered her head
toward the ground so it passed between the Amazon's knees.  When her throat
touched the leather of the slave collar, she felt the mistress bring it up about
her neck.  When they buckled it in back, Jane was legally a slave girl.  She
could do nothing about it, and certainly, no one would help her.
     She felt the Amazon pulling the pins from her hair.  In seconds it fell
freely down to the floor.
She wore the collar of a slave girl, and now her hair hung down in the manner of
a slave girl.
Marlena used her right hand to raise the slave girl's face so she could look
into her eyes.
     "You really are quite beautiful.  You will make a wonderful slave girl. 
Are you glad that I made you into a slave?"
     The beautiful brunette knew better than to shake her head.  She nodded. 
She was only a slave girl.  Her mistress had the right to do anything to her she
wished.  She knew she had to obey if she did not want them to punish her more.
     Marlena reached behind Jane's head with both hands to get at the buckle
holding the gag in her mouth. 
     "Now I want you to thank me for turning you into a slave girl."
     Jane knew what her mistress wanted.  As soon as the gag was out of her
mouth, she planted her lips on the Amazon's pussy.  It did not take her long to
make Marlena come.  Jane had shown her submission.  That was all that they
required now.  She shoved the gag back in the brunette's mouth, but did not
buckle the ends together.
     "Not bad for a first time.  I am certain you will do better with practice. 
Why don't you thank all the women here?"
     Jane had no choice but to crawl to Debbie.  This mistress removed the gag. 
Jane found her tongue in a second woman's pussy.  Soon there were a third and a
fourth.  By the time she had served everyone, she had lost track of the number. 
Her lips and tongue were tired, but she was certain there were many more pussies
she would have to explore before her day was over.
      She found herself on her knees before Marlena.  The Amazon motioned her
forward so she could buckle the ends of the leather strap behind her head.  Jane
thought they were finished with her, but she was wrong.
     "So Jane, I am your mistress.  And do you know what that means?"
      The beautiful brunette nodded slowly.  She had to be spanked to remind her
of her submissiveness.  Marlena patted both thighs.  "I want that flat little
tummy of your right here."
Slowly Jane came to her feet.  It took her only one step to reach her mistress. 
In seconds she found herself stretched out over Marlena's lap.
     Jane kicked and struggled as the Amazon's palm landed on her fanny time and
again.  She made muffled grunts of protest but it was futile.  Marlena spanked
her as long as she wanted to (which was not as much as Jane thought it was). 
When she was finished, she pushed the naked brunette to the ground.  Her hands
freed the ends of the leather strap from the back of her head.
"Now I want you to thank me for spanking you."
     Jane suffered through more humiliation as she planted her mouth on the
Amazon's pussy again.  Marlena came three times before she pushed Jane's head
back so she could shove the gag back into her mouth.  She drew the ends of the
strap behind her head so she could buckle them together loosely.  They did not
need a more substantial gag for their beautiful slave girl.  Jane would not have
it between her teeth very long.  They had more important plans for her mouth. 
She was a slave girl.  Her job was to please others.
     Jane let them pull her to her feet.  Someone attached a chain leash to her
collar.  For the first time as a slave girl she was led away by an Amazon. 
Marlena stayed behind to see to Cindi's submission.
      Just outside they were waiting for Jane.  An Amazon fitted the corset
about her slender waist.  It was shiny silver with black lace trim.  Though it
covered her belly, it hid little else.  Her large boobs hung down over the top. 
Straps at the bottom dangled down, waiting to hold up stockings, but all they
did was frame her pubic hair.  Jane could not see it, but she would soon feel as
every other slave girl did she felt more naked with it on than with nothing on.
     A pair of slave girls dressed in French Maid outfits tackled the brunette's
legs.  The stockings were sheer black.  Once they had a foot in one, they slid
the silver-colored leather sandals on her feet.  Small straps across the top of
the foot and about the ankle insured that she could not kick it off.
     The French Maids then pulled the stockings up, adjusted the length of the
straps.  Jane now looked like any other slave girl.
     When this was done the French Maids knelt, their faces against their knees,
their hands together behind their backs.  An Amazon quickly applied a set of
handcuffs to each.  The slave girls then sat up so their mistress could attach
one end of a leash to the front ring on each slave collar.  When the mistress
jerked the leashes, the two beautiful captives came to their fee yo follow her
away.
     In a nearby cubicle there was a wooden bench that was unlike the one Jane
had just suffered through.  Though it was sloping, the angle was not as severe
as before.  They removed Jane's bondage, but did not use the bench quite yet. 
She stood there passively while they pulled shoulder-length, metallic silver
gloves up her arms.
      Once they had her dressed as a slave girl, they pushed her toward a
full-length mirror attached to a pole.  With it Jane could see how she looked.
      "Look at yourself.  You are quite a beautiful slave girl."
      Jane looked at the reflection of herself in the mirror and had to admit
that what they said was correct.  She was beautiful, but then she had known that
before.  Now she was a beautiful slave girl.
She realized immediately that she was also a very sexy slave girl.  Her titties
seemed very proud as they protruded forward from the top of the silver corset. 
At the bottom the sliver corset and black satin straps outlined her fur.  She
knew she was a beautiful and sexy slave girl.
     They then led their captive the low end of the bench.  She lay on it, then
put her hands under it so they could secure them there with leather cuffs and
short chains.  A pair of broad leather straps, one above her titties and the
other below, secured her to the bench.  They attached more leather cuffs to her
lower thighs just above the knees.  Chains from them ran down to the bench near
her head. 
With this, Jane's pussy was available.  It was the highest part of her body.
      She did not care though as she had other things to worry about.  The
Amazons secured a wood shelf over her chest.  While they did that, the lucky
Amazon removed her crotch strap.  As soon as the shelf was in place, she
straddled Jane's head in anticipation of sitting on the shelf.  She scooted back
to give herself room to pull the gag from the beautiful brunette's mouth once
she had the strap unbuckled.
      Jane kept her mouth open as she knew what was going to happen.  The Amazon
slid forward so her pussy was pressed against Jane's mouth.  The beautiful slave
girl extended her tongue as she stared at the Amazon to see if she pleased her
mistress.
     The Amazons turned their attention back to the blonde.  Her hand spanking
was at an end.  Now her resolve to refuse to submit would cause her more pain.
     An Amazon produced a wood paddle.  Printed across the business end were the
words "The Persuader."  She handed it to the Amazon who had been spanking the
blonde's ass.  She pressed it against the bottom cheeks and rubbed in a circular
motion.
     "Well, Cindi, now it is time for you to learn what happens to bad little
girls."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
     "I know you are sorry for not begging for a slave collar immediately, but
we must teach you a lesson.  Let us see.  You have had twenty-five swats
already.  I guess twenty-five more would be in order." She paused to glance at
Debbie and smile.  "That is, twenty-five on each cheek, plus a final twenty-five
on both cheeks.  Go ahead."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
     Cindi protested, but it did no good.
     Smack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
     Smack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
     Cindi struggled with her bondage as much as she could.  Smack!  She wiggled
her ass and strained against the straps holding her to the bench top.  Smack! 
Her hands twisted back and forth in their bondage.  Smack!  She tried to draw
her legs together.  Smack!  She tried to raise her body in the air.  Smack!  
She tried to pull the pillory apart with her head.  Smack!
     None of it did any good.  Smack!  The spankings continued until she had
suffered through all seventy-five.
     They released the buxom blonde from her bondage and set her on the ground. 
Marlena held a slave collar down so she could see it.
     "Do you want this?"
     The Amazons had to laugh as their captive nodded before trying to put her
throat against the leather.  Her torment was not over though.  With a nod,
Marlena ordered them to pull Cindi to her feet.  The bound blonde was in no
condition to walk so they dragged her to the same area where Jane was hard at
work.  At their approach the Amazon straddling her face climbed off.
      "Next!"
     Another Amazon took her place.  When she felt the pussy against her mouth,
the beautiful brunette extended her tongue.  In seconds she made that Amazon
come.
     The Amazons pulled Cindi over in front of Jane.  They pushed her to her
knees so her face was immediately above Jane's.
     "You recognized Jane, don't you?  She has become a good little slave girl. 
I know you would like to be one also, but Jane needs to be rewarded for her
submissiveness.  She is nothing but a slave girl.  You are still a free woman. 
You will reward her by licking her pussy until she comes again and again."
     Another nod from the Amazon leader brought the blonde to her feet.  In a
matter of seconds she found herself kneeling at Jane's ass.  As soon as the gag
was removed, they pushed her face forward so her mouth was on the brunette's
pussy.
     "Come on, Cindi, lick!  Lick faster!  Faster!"
     The buxom blonde moved her tongue as quickly as she could.  She felt Jane's
bottom shift from side to side as she started to come.  The brunette wore a
rather effective gag of another woman's pussy, but even with that, Cindi heard
her cry out in ecstasy.
     Jane had come once, but it was evident that the Amazons wanted more.  She
continued to lick, trying to move her tongue as fast as she could.  She felt
Jane squirm as she was about to come a second time.








Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 11

     Cindi lowered her head toward the ground, placing her throat against the
leather slave collar held by the Amazon.  Marlena quickly drew both ends up so
the strip of black leather formed a ring about the beautiful blonde's neck. 
With practiced hands she slipped the working end through the buckle on the other
end.  In seconds she had it secured in place.  Sure, it would be easy to
unbuckle, but with her hands bound behind her back, Cindi could not do that.
     And no one in their right mind would free a slave girl.
     The Amazon pulled the pins from Cindi's hair, allowing the long, blonde
tresses to hang down all the way to the ground.  The Amazon had to smile.  Cindi
looked so beautiful with her hair down.
Marlena placed the index finger of her right hand under Cindi's chin so the
blonde had to raise her head to look her in the eye.
     "You are a very beautiful slave girl.  Now I think it is time for you to
thank me for letting you become a slave."
     Marlena slid forward a few centimeters to get a better hold of the buckle
holding the ballgag in the blonde's mouth.  They had not ordered Cindi to bow
her head again, so she kept it up, but bent her head forward to make it easier
on the Amazon.  She did not want that Amazon mad at her.  Her ass still burned
from the previous spankings she had received.
     With the buckle undone, the Amazon pulled the ends of the strap forward. 
She let go so she could grab it again on either side of the rubber ball.  With a
jerk toward her, she pulled the rubber ball from the blonde's mouth.
     When the gag was out of her way, Cindi moved her face forward until she
could press her lips against the Amazon's pussy.  Marlena grabbed two handfuls
of hair as she felt herself coming.  An entire day of sexual arousal had
resulted in a hair-trigger pussy.  By holding the blonde's long hair tightly,
she insured that she could not pull her face away until she was satisfied.
     For Cindi, it seemed to be hours before that occurred.  In a minute though,
the blonde thought the time had passed too quickly.
     She knelt before her mistress, the ballgag insuring her silence.  She was
only a slave girl.
     "Since you more-or-less just came into my possession.  I think a little
ritual is in order.  Drape yourself across my lap."
     Cindi wanted to protest.  The Amazon intended to spank her again.  Okay, it
was normal for a slave girl to get spanked to reaffirm that she knew who her
mistress or master was, but she had been very obedient. 
     Since she was only a slave girl, her wishes and desires were unimportant. 
She came to her feet and moved closer.  Marlena pulled her across her lap so the
highest part of her body was her bare bottom. 
     Marlena rubbed her hand over the red cheeks.  Cindi had taken a severe
beating that day already.  She would have to learn to take them.
  Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap! 
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap! 
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap! 
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Slap!
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Cindi's bare legs kicked wildly but bound as she was, she could do nothing
to stop the punishment.  The blows landed on one cheek, then the other.  The
naked blonde knew where the next blow would fall, and she could do nothing about
it.
     When Marlena had given her new slave girl a good thirty or forty whacks
with her bare hand, she pushed her off her lap so Cindi landed on the floor at
her feet.  Slowly the blonde moved herself into a kneeling position.  She was a
good little slave girl.  In that position, she did not see another Amazon seated
to her right.
     "There is someone over there who wants you.  Go over to her, curtsey, then
lay yourself across her lap."
     Cindi did not want to be spanked again, but what could she do about it? 
Her arms were still securely bound behind her back.  She could do nothing to
resist.
     Slowly she staggered to her feet.  Being unused to moving without using her
arms to maintain her balance, she almost fell over.  All the Amazons smiled. 
That happened to all slave girls for their first few days wearing a slave
collar.  Soon she would be able to leap to her feet to rush to please a mistress
with graceful ease.
     The naked blonde moved directly in front of the Amazon.  Slowly she drew
her left foot back so she could curtsey.  It was clumsy, but they expected
little of her.  She would quickly learn the proper movements of a slave girl. 
She would either learn the proper movements, or she would be punished
repeatedly.  They had no doubts that she would soon be able to execute a
graceful curtsey as she begged for more punishment.
     The buxom blond then stepped forward.  The Amazon guided her across her
lap.  Once again, the highest part of Cindi's body was her bare bottom.  The
mistress began pounding away on the red cheeks.  Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" 
Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  Slap!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  Slap! 
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     On it went.  The blonde's legs kicked wildly, but she could do nothing to
stop the punishment.  It would last as long as the Amazon wanted.
     Almost as soon as the mistress stopped, Cindi found herself on her knees
before the woman.  The Amazon pulled her head forward so she could unbuckle the
strap from behind her head.
     "Now I want you to thank me for punishing you."
     As soon as the rubber ball was free of her mouth, the blonde moved her
upper body forward so she could press her mouth against her mistress's pussy.
      When the Amazon was satisfied, the ballgag went back in.  They were far
from finished playing with their new acquisition.
     "There is someone over there who wants you.  Go over to her, curtsey, then
lay yourself across her lap."  She pointed where Marlena had sat when she
punished her.  She had moved, and another Amazon sat awaiting her bottom.
     The blonde moved slowly to the left.  Again she executed a clumsy curtsey. 
In seconds she lay across the mistress's lap with a bare hand striking the soft
flesh of her fanny.
     Marlena motioned Debbie toward the entrance.
     "It is time to check on Gina.  The first step in breaking her was simple
humiliation.  The next will be more pleasurable."
     As the two mistresses made their way across the compound toward the spot
where they had left the captive brunette, Debbie saw several slave girls,
escorted by a couple of Amazons, emerge from a wooden structure she took to be
their slave kennel.  The Amazons carried light switches that they played against
the soft flesh of the slave girls in front.  Debbie counted and saw there were
five slave girls.  There were four in front, two pairs of two.  A fifth slave
girl followed, secured to the second pair by a chain leash.
     "Remember what I was telling you about beasts of burden?  There is an
example."
     She gestured toward the slave girls.
     "How are they different from the others?"
     Marlena smiled.
     "Look at the heads of the first four."
    Each wore a black leather discipline helmet.  Since they could see no trace
of their hair, she reasoned that it was still pinned up in the style of free
women.  The flaps of soft, black leather had been secured behind their heads by
padlocks.  There was no way any could get that helmet off.
Each also wore a black leather single glove that matched the coloring of the
discipline helmet.  Their arms were hidden within the cylinder of black
leathers.  Debbie could tell by the way each was laced up, they could not move
their arms at all.  Another padlock across the top insured that the single glove
did not come off unless a mistress wanted it to.
     The only item of clothing (if you could consider it that) was the black,
patent leather sandals with the six inch spike heels.  Debbie was amazed that
the four captives could move without seeing.  She suspected they had received a
lot of training running about in those hoods.
     "Those are your 'beasts of burden?'"
     "Some of them.  They are the special ones.  Those discipline helmets are
padded so they can hear nothing.  Obviously they cannot see anything either. 
The same for touching.  With the exception for the frequent swat with a switch. 
We only use them as beasts of burden though.  They receive no sexual stimulation
at all.  Of course they cannot give it either."
      The two mistresses paused to allow the slave girls to go ahead of them. 
Their switches constantly played against the flesh of the captives, urging them
forward.
     "What do you do when it is time to feed them?"
     Debbie found it difficult to imagine being kept bound such as that.  There
had to be some relief for them.
     "The gag we used on each of them is an oversized dildo, ten centimeters
long, five wide, and three high.  Secured in those discipline helmets that is
the only thing they can think of.  Of course, they assume that when they are
enslaved, that will be what they do, go around sucking cocks..  It is another
blow to them when we let them lick away at women only."
     "Eating," Debbie reminded her.
      "Eating.  Each dildo has a hole through the center of it.  Because of the
length of the shaft, the tip is near the back of the mouth.  When it comes time
to feed them, we removed the plug on the outside of the dildo.  Then we attach
the end of a tube.  By working a pump we can build up pressure so the liquid
food squirts into the back of the mouth and slides down the throat.  Like I told
you, no sexual stimulation at all."
     "So who are these beasts of burden."
     "I do not know.  Some of them are members of DAAM we captured.  If we find
a truly beautiful woman who is arrogant, maybe.  Sometimes we do it as
punishment.  Say, that little shop clerk was snotty to you.  Instead of turning
her immediately in a slave girl, we let her be a beast of burden for a few days. 
Believe me, she will love being a slave girl after that."
     The Amazons guided the group of slave girls toward Gina.  As they passed,
Debbie noticed the fifth slave girl in back.  Unlike the others she did not wear
a discipline helmet.  She did wear a slave collar.  Her attire was extremely
sexy, even for a slave girl.  She wore a pea green half-bra that lifted her
large boobs without covering the nipples.  Black lace trimmed the edges, adding
a decidedly feminine touch without hiding the nipples at all.
     The garter belt matched the half-bra.  The basic garment was pink satin,
with the same black, lace ruffles.  Her stockings were sheer black and her
high-heeled sandals pink patent leather.
     Debbie had been soon interested in the hooded slave girls that she had not
noticed this fifth slave girl.  Now she wondered how she had missed her.  She
had long, red hair.  The mistress stepped forward to look at the golden disk
dangling from the collar that gave her name.  All it said was "34DD."  Debbie
grinned as she glanced over at the Amazon leader.  Marlena paid her no attention
at all.  Debbie thought it strange that they should identify a slave girl by her
bra size.
     The redhead wore a black satin blindfold, but she moved with even greater
facility than the four hooded slaves did.  Debbie could tell that she was quite
experienced.
    The Amazons brought the five to a halt by plying their switches over the
lower thighs of the hooded slave girls.  "Stop!" was the order they gave to the
redhead.  They freed her from the others, and led her up a slight grade toward a
couple of posts.  When the Amazon jerked down on the leash, the redheaded slave
girl dropped to her knees.  Blindfolded and bound, she was going no where.
     The four hooded slave girls, Marlena's beasts of burden, were led forward
to Gina who still lay on her back.  Though the four moved easily despite being
hooded, Marlena and Debbie had no trouble reaching the captive first.
     "Isn't this a pretty sight?" the Amazon leader asked as she nudged the
captive's bottom with the toe of her boot.  There was no doubt that she was
talking about the beautiful woman's pussy.  "She has been so good about this, I
think she deserves a special treat."
     Gina was exhausted from all her futile struggling.  She lay there
helplessly staring up at the two.  With this announcement, she started
struggling again.  Her feet kicked up and down and she tried to break the rope. 
The bells rang loudly.
     The two Amazons brought the four slave girls to a halt near Gina's head. 
There they separated them, the right pair advancing on the brunette's right, the
left pair on her left.  The Amazon led the hooded slave girls around so the one
in front was even with Gina's chest.  A blow to the back of the knees with the
switch brought both to the knees.  The Amazon grinned as she looked at Marlena. 
Gina now struggled more than she ever had before.
     "It looks to me as though she could use a couple of months in a hood."
      Gina stopped struggling.  The bells at her ankles stopped ringing.  She
had no idea what they were talking about, other than it was about her.  She
wanted to hear what they intended to do to her.
"No, I have something special for her.  She is so beautiful she deserves a
different fate."
     Gina went back to her futile struggling, but she could do nothing to stop
them.
     By that time, there were two hooded slave girls and an Amazon on either
side of the captive.  To keep the beautiful brunette from rolling over, they had
bound rods to her arms that extended more than forty centimeters from her body
on each side.  The Amazons attached an extension to each end so it protruded in
front of the hooded slave girl. About the waist of the hooded captives in front
they buckled broad leather straps.  Attached to the front was a large ring. 
With both hands they raised the rod, the upper part of Gina's body off the
ground.  By maneuvering her to the right, and then the left, they slid the end
of the extensions through the rings.  Padlocks insured that they did not come
off.
     Debbie watched as the Amazons leaned forward to attach extension to the
other rod.  The two then came to their feet to move around behind Gina.  To
raise the second rod in the air, they simply grabbed her feet and lifted.
     "We could use some help here."
      Debbie squatted down to the left of the slave girl.  When the end of the
rod came in her direction, she slid it through the ring and held it there until
an Amazon applied a padlock.
     "An awkward way of doing things, but it certainly is amusing.  For us, that
is, not for Gina," Marlena announced when they finished.
     The Amazons grabbed the leash of the lead slave girl on each side and
jerked upwards.  At the same time she brought the switch against her bare
bottom.  Swack! Swack !Swack! Swack! Swack! Swack!  As soon as she saw the naked
captive trying to get to her feet, she moved to the other captive in her
control.  The four hooded slave girls staggered to their feet, lifting Gina with
them.
      Using the switches, and pulling the leashes of the front two, the Amazons
started the four forward with their cargo.  A few meters down the path they
turned to the right.  They ascended the slight slope past the kneeling redhead. 
Their destination was the twin posts Debbie had seen earlier.
     The route to the posts actually ran several meters to the right of it. 
Once beyond it, the Amazons maneuvered the slave girls to the left.  Gradually
they had a half circle until they were between the posts facing Marlena and
Debbie.
     Debbie watched as the Amazons mercilessly flailed away at the bare titties
of their captives.  Every time a switch struck a nipple, the captive's body
would writhe in pain.  Debbie could see that few of the blows missed their
targets.  The hooded beasts came to a halt between the poles.
     The two Amazons in charge of them immediately set to work stinging Gina up
between the poles.  They began by threading leather straps under her arms and up
about her shoulders.  On top each shoulder was a ring.  Chains ran up each pole
to a pulley at the top.  They pulled the ends of the chains down to the rings on
the shoulder straps.  Once secured, they returned to the poles to pull all slack
from the chain.  A pin through a link locked each in place.
     They returned to the hooded slave girls to release them from the rods that
held Gina up.  They removed the padlocks from the two in front.  When the
extensions were pulled free of the rings, Gina's body shifted around so her
bottom was toward the ground.  When they released the other sets of rods from
the second pair, Gina hung by the shoulder straps.
     Before continuing with Gina, the Amazons moved the hooded slave girls out
of the way.  One led a pair to each pole facing away from Marlena and Debbie. 
They then attached the ends of the chains to the belt of the captive in back. 
When finished, they brought the pairs to their feet by pulling up on the leashes
and by using the switches.  They drew the captive a little farther in the air. 
Once again, blows to the tits caused them to stop moving.  The Amazons secured
the chains in place with more pins.
     The two turned their attention to Gina again.  The beautiful brunette
struggled as much as she could, but bound as she was, she could do nothing to
stop them.  They attached a leather cuff to each ankle.  They attached the end
of another set of chains to a ring on the leather cuffs, these attached to the
poles about a meter above the ground.  Only then did they cut the ropes causing
the brunette to have her legs apart.
     Gina tried to stand up, but discovered the chains were too short to allow
that.  At least she no longer had her knees up against her shoulders, and her
legs were fairly close together.  She decided this was an improvement over her
previous position.
     While she thought that, the Amazons attached the ends of the leg chains to
the belts of the slave girls.  The switches fell on bare bottoms again.  As the
hooded slave girls moved forward, they pulled Gina's legs apart.  The beautiful
captive tried to fight it.  She tried to keep her knees together, but could not. 
In a matter of moments, the Amazons had her feet secured so each foot almost
touched one of the poles.
     Gina's pussy was exposed and vulnerable once again.  This time was
different though.  This time the Amazons were going to do something about it.
     Marlena brought the redhead forward.  She knelt immediately before Gina,
her face at her crotch.  The Amazon removed the blindfold so she could see what
she did.
     "Gina, this is 36 Double-D.  You are in for a real treat.  She is one of
the very best pussy-eaters we have.  Consider her to be your reward for
providing us with such delightful entertainment while you were bound there on
your back."
     The Amazon bent down to unbuckle the strap holding the ballgag in the slave
girl's mouth.  When it was out, the redheaded slave made no movement toward
Gina's pussy.  All she did was stare at it.  Debbie could tell that she was
well-trained.
     "Tell her she has a beautiful pussy."
     "You have a beautiful pussy."
     "Show her how much you love it."
     The redhead extended her head forward to plant a kiss on it.
     Marlena watched Gina.  She tried to struggle but could not gain a bit of
freedom.  She knew they were going to make her suffer through orgasm after
orgasm while bound and gagged.  Once she had come a few times, her efforts to
resist would diminish noticeably.  She could do nothing.
     "Why did you name her '36 Double-D?" Debbie asked gesturing toward the
kneeling redhead.
"It better defines her purpose in life."
     "To be named for her bra size?"
     "Sure.  Her purpose in life is to use her body to please others.  Fitting
isn't it?  How many pretty French Maids do you know named 'Pussy Eater?'"
     "Oh."
     Debbie began to understand.  It was common for a mistress to take revenge
on a rival.  Enslave her and turn her into her own, personal French Maid,
complete with abbreviated black satin outfit, and rename her pussy eater. 
Often, when a jilted lover gained possession of his former love, a master would
rename his slave girl "Cocksucker," or "Titty," "or "Pretty Pussy."  The purpose
was to parade the slave girl in front of those who despised her when she was a
free woman.  Now that she was a slave girl, she had to obey.  Her name described
most accurately what they expected of her.
     "While we may have a number of 36 Double-D's, it does not matter.  The only
time she has to respond is when an order is directed to her.  Of course, by the
time she had accepted her new name, she is most anxious to please.  She gets
special treatment.  Well, sort of special.  At least we do not spank her as
often."
     Their attention was drawn from the back of 36 Double-D's head, to Gina's
face as the beautiful captive threw her head back as she uttered a most
pleasurable "Mmmmmmmmmmmm!!!"
     "I think she is having fun," Debbie remarked.
     Marlena chuckled.
     "We will let her come a few more times.  We do not want her too exhausted
as she still has not submitted yet.  The degradation of being tied up and forced
to come repeatedly will tear down her resolution."
     Movement on the other side of the Amazons' camp distracted both.  A number
of women moved from one of the huts toward a series of posts.  They paid no
attention to Gina's almost continuous orgasms as they watched the others at
work.  Seconds after their arrival, the two saw the Amazons drag a body between
two posts.  They squatted down for a few seconds.  When the arose, they moved to
opposite poles.  From the movements of their bodies, Debbie knew they were
pulling on ropes or chains.  She saw a pair of legs appear in sight near the
ground.  They continue to rise until the captive was suspended upside down, her
legs spread far apart.
     There were many possibilities with that position but the Amazons ignored
her to secure a second captive in that position.  And then a third.  They
stopped only when there were four suspended in that most vulnerable position.
     Debbie could see their heads.  Their hair had not been let down.  These
four were free women.  "Not for long," she thought to herself.  She imagined
that it would take little persuasion in that position to get a young woman
begging for a slave collar.
     The Amazons chose long, willowy switches to use on the four.  The two
circled their captives.  On one side the switch played against a bare bottom. 
On the other the target was the titties.  When they reached the end of the line,
each Amazon circled around to start down the other side.
     Debbie smiled.  There would be four more slave girls before evening.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 12
	
     Cindi pulled her hands apart with as little effort as she could to keep
from drawing attention to the act.  She felt a steel band of the handcuffs about
each wrist.  The steel was hard and cold and she knew it would not break no
matter how much she struggled.  She wore the leather collar of a slave girl. 
That was the symbol of her place in society.  Since she wore that, no one would
help her.  She was only a slave girl who existed only to use her body to please
others.  With her hands cuffed behind her back she could not defend herself.
     One Amazon on either side, holding on to an upper arm, guided her forward. 
The buxom blonde made no effort to resist, knowing she would accomplish nothing
if she tried.  The only thing guaranteed was that they would punish her again. 
Her ass still burned from the last spanking.
She jerked her hair to the side to get the long, blonde tresses out of the way. 
She saw ahead of her Jane kneeling on the ground.  Well, she thought it was
Jane. It certainly looked like her, but she could not be sure.  The supplicant
slave girl's face was hidden by her long hair, and she totally naked.  The
kneeling slave girl could have been anyone, but she was sure it was Jane.  She
had been linked to the beautiful brunette from the moment of their slavery.
     They pushed her to the ground to the right of Jane.  She knelt and bent her
head forward in a submissive position.  "Cross your ankles."  Recognizing that
she would have trouble doing it on her own (since she was a new slave girl), one
Amazon lifted her right ankle to place it over the left.  Quickly she looped a
rope about them, securing the captive in this kneeling position.  "Move you
knees apart.  Come on, further than that."  Cindi moved them outwards millimeter
by millimeter until her knees were almost a meter apart.
     "Now, lean forward, face toward the ground.  Keep your head up so the tips
of your hair touch the ground."
     Anyone standing in front of her could see her pussy where it not for her
long hair.  She was only a slave girl.  She was not allowed to hide any part of
her body from the prying eyes of a master or mistress.
     The buxom blonde knew she was in the kneeling position they called the
"submissive position."  She could see nothing, but was in the position to obey
if they wanted her.  A well-trained slave girl could be expected to maintain
that position for hours.  When the order came, she had to be ready to please her
master or mistress.
     She maintained that position for several minutes while her mistresses made
plans for the next step of her servitude.  With her long blonde tresses hanging
down on each side, she could not see what was going on.  She could see the
ground below her face, and her tits and pussy.  Other than that, she saw
nothing.
     When they were ready for her, one Amazon cut the rope about her ankles. 
Two others dragged her to her feet and across the area where three slave girls
waited dressed in black satin French Maids outfits.  Each knelt, head bowed,
awaiting the orders from their mistresses.  She saw they had their arms behind
their backs.  She knew they were bound though she did not know how.
     The Amazons secured Cindi in front of the three submissive women.  They ran
a chain down from an overhead bar to a ring on each side of her leather slave
collar.  When they let go she could not run off.  They then had her spread her
legs far apart.  As she did that, the upper part of her body settled down,
causing the chains to the collar to become taut.  One Amazon fastened a leather
cuff to each ankle.  A short chain from a ring on the cuff to a ring in the
ground forced her to maintain that position.  An Amazon reached down between her
legs to fondle her pussy to remind her of just how vulnerable she was.
     "Dress her."
      One Amazon passed behind the French Maids.   Cindi was so concerned by her
nudity that she did not see the mistress removing handcuffs.  Neither did she
notice them bring Jane in.  Two other Amazons bound her in the exact same
condition behind her facing in the opposite direction.
     Each of three French Maids bounded to her feet when she was freed.  The
beautiful blonde stood there helplessly as they dressed her, adjusting her
bondage as need be.  With the chains to her collar, and the number of Amazons
about her, escape was impossible.
     When they were finished, the three French Maids returned to their kneeling
position with their hands behind their backs.  An Amazon passed along behind
them, reattaching the handcuffs.
When she was done, the two removed the chains from Cindi's collar and legs.  The
Amazons then guided her over in front of a full-length mirror.
     "Well, what do you think, Blondie?  Not too bad, huh?"
     They had dressed her in a black and red motif.  The garter belt was red
satin with black lace ruffles.  The straps running down to the tops of her
stocking were black satin ribbons.  The stockings were sheer black, and the
shoes red patent leather with fifteen-centimeter spike heels.
     The gag consisted of a bright red rubber ball.  A black strap about her
head and through the center of the ball kept it in her mouth.
     She knew that the garter belt, stocking tops, and straps framed her pubic
hair, instantly drawing attention to it.
     She had known before that she was beautiful, but she had never imagined how
beautiful she could be wearing the finery of a slave girl.  She wished some man
would come buy to admire her body.
     "Come on we have a treat for the two of you."
     When they turned the blonde slave girl around, she saw that they had
dressed Jane in the same attire.  As the blonde watched, an Amazon attached one
end of a meter-long chain to the ring on the front of Jane's collar.  Cindi felt
hands on her upper arms propelling her forward.  She felt them pulling her hair
away from her neck so a mistress could attach the other end to the ring on the
back of her collar.  An Amazon attached a leash to the ring on the front of her
collar.  She kept the other end in her fist.  
     "Come on.  Let us go!"
      Switches flailed lightly against the bare bottoms and thighs of the two
slave girls.  The blows were not heavy, but were enough to remind the captives
of what their mistresses could do if they did not obey.  The switches continued
to land on soft flesh.  The two picked up the pace.  From the pavilion, they
started down a trail that led to another large tent.  More blows.  Faster. 
Faster.
     The Amazons changed the direction of the blows so they landed on the right
hips of the captives.  Instead of going up the hill toward the other pavilion,
they turned left.  Ahead of them they could see the towering walls of the city. 
They thought the Amazons were going to take them into the town to have them
properly registered, but the fun and games were not over.  More blows to the
right hips caused them to turn off onto a side trail.  Not until they were
within a few meters of her, did they realize that was Gina bound in front of
them.
     The beautiful brunette knew someone was coming.  Or going.  Her head was
back and her eyes closed as she underwent another orgasm.  She had lost track
after only several minutes of this sort of stimulation.  She was so exhausted
from coming so often that she knew she could not resist even if they untied her. 
The multiple orgasms had come faster and more frequently than what she had ever
imagined possible.  She knew why free women allowed themselves to be tied up. 
Unable to resist, it was much easier to come.  And come.  And come.
     She uttered a long, muffled cry as she came again.  There were fewer things
more funny than a free woman coming again and again as though she was a slave
girl.  Soon she would be what they wanted.
     Marlena stepped on front of the two slave girls as their mistresses brought
them to a halt.
     "We want the two of you to thank Gina for leading you into this
predicament.  Oh, her pussy seems to be occupied right now."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     The Amazon leader stopped the laugh.
     "Where was I?  Oh, yeah.  Her pussy may be filled, but she has a nice pair
of titties with real big and pointed nipples just waiting for someone to suck on
them."
     With a nod she signaled the others to remove the gags from the two naked
slave girls.  The Amazons pushed the long hair out of the way to get at the
buckles at the napes.  With practiced hands they quickly completed the job, then
pulled the rubber balls from the captives' mouth.  Once both were ungagged,
their mistresses pushed them forward.  Each beautiful slave girl bent forward a
little so a nipple of one of Gina's large titties would enter their mouth.
     Cindi licked the brown cylinder.  She was amazed it was so long and hard. 
She wondered if hers would be that pointed if she were strung up the same way. 
As that thought passed through her mind, Gina uttered another muffled scream as
her body thrashed about in another uncontrolled orgasm.
Gina needed no further encouragement to come again and again.  Her young body
was not used to this type of treatment.  Once she started coming, she lost
control of it.  Her body totally accepted the presence of the redhead's tongue
in her pussy.
     Debbie twisted her mouth to one side.  This was rather boring.  She would
find it more interesting if Cindi or Jane was eating her, or if they were
spanking Gina, but just standing there watching her come-- that was boring.
     "What is going on down there?" she asked Marlena, pointing where the four
women hung upside down.  The captive on the left had her hair hanging down to
the ground.  No doubt she now wore the leather collar of a slave girl.  As she
spoke, the Amazons were busy lowering another captive to the ground.
     "I know it seems hard to believe, but occasionally women come into this
camp thinking they can buy anything.  Gina and her friends here are an example. 
Those four down there are another.  It does not happen very often but sometimes
it does.  To have two groups come through the same day, now that is a truly rare
occurrence."
     Debbie watched the scene in the distance without realizing what danger she
was in.  Her position was no different than that of these new slave girls.  The
only thing that saved her was that the Amazons had designs on her beauty
college.  Why settle for one slave girl, when you could have any unlimited
supply?
     She saw the second captive kneel at the feet of the Amazon.  Debbie
imagined what it would be like.  She would have to place her throat against the
leather collar as Andrea, Jane, and Cindi had done before them, and what Gina
would shortly do.  Once the collar was in place, the Amazon would free her long
hair.  Debbie smiled as the woman came to her feet, her long hair cascading over
her shoulders, boobs, and back.  She shook herself to remind herself.  She was
no a slave girl.
     This latest acquisition to the Amazons' kennels was maneuvered around in
front of the first captive, still hanging by her feet with her legs spread far
apart.  She knew the slave girl was licking her pussy, but there was no reaction
for several minutes.  Suddenly she saw movement in the woman's long hair.  She
had come at last.  Her whole body was shaking.  She wondered how many times they
would have her come before moving on to the next captive.
     The Amazons pushed her along to the captive on the other side.  This young
woman had her hair pinned up.  As the slave girl started to eat her, her body
jerked furiously as she tired to escape.  Nothing she did helped though.  Her
body jerked when she came. 
     They dragged the newly-collared slave girl to the final woman.  Like the
one next to her, her hair was still pinned up.  She found vigorously against an
orgasm, but it all did no good.  In a matter of minutes she came also.
     When she was finished eating the others, they dragged her back to her place
in the line.  Debbie saw them doing something to her head, but the distance was
too great to see the detail..She was certain they were reapplying some form of
gag, probably a ballgag.  They then set the captive on the ground so they could
pull her feet into the air.  Chains attached to leather cuffs were tightened,
drawing her up into the air.
     It was now time for the third captive to submit.  Debbie watched
fascinated, knowing there was nothing she could do to escape her fate.
     "Let us move on.  Gina is just dying to be able to beg for a slave collar."
     Debbie turned to watch as they lowered the beautiful brunette to the
ground.  She saw the way Gina's knees buckled that she was going no way without
assistance.
     They secured the naked woman between the two slave girls, Cindi on the
right, Jane on the left.  Amazons attached chain leashes to the two beautiful
slave girls.  They attached the other end to the other leash, one passing in
front of Gina's throat, and the other behind her head.  The circle made by the
chain was so small the captive could not draw her head from it.  She was secured
as well as if she wore a slave collar.
     Gina had to stand when they lowered her body to the ground.  Her knees
buckled from her weight.  Two Amazons held her up so she would not fall and hurt
herself.
     "Take her back where you came from," Marlena said to the two naked slave
girls as she nodded toward the Amazons.  Switches flicked against bare bottoms
as the two started forward at a trot.  No blows landed on Gina's body, but the
beautiful brunette had to run nevertheless.  She staggered along between Cindi
and Jane, down the grade, across the path, and up the grade at another spot
where the tent was.
     "Come on," the Amazon leader said to Debbie.  "We have treated her as a
slave girl so far.  Now we will persuaded her to be one.  In just a few minutes
she will be whimpering through that gag that she wants a collar more than
anything else in the world.  If she begs enough, we just might accommodate her. 
Marlena laughed at the joke she had just made.  As though they would not keep
the brunette as a slave girl regardless of what she did.
     "I will be along.  There is something I want to see first."
     While the Amazons, the slave girls and Gina moved toward the pavilion,
Debbie walked in a different direction.  She headed toward the spot where the
Amazons were turning the four young women into slave girls.  By the time she
arrived where they hung by their spread legs, all four wore slave collars, and
had welcomed each other into slavery with their tongues.
     Debbie moved close to the naked body hanging nearest to her.  The young
woman hung upside down with her feet spread far apart.  She wore a gag that kept
most of her pleading muffled, but she continued to utter little moans.  The tall
brunette decided this one, and probably the other three as well, deserved some
serious punishment.
     She stepped about in front of the captive.  The slave girl stared at her. 
The gag kept her from saying anything coherent.  She pleaded with her blue eyes
for Debbie to help her.
     There were several red stripes on her bottom where they had used switches
on her.  There were more markings on the thighs and hips.  She discovered the
punishment had continued in front as there were marks on the young woman's chest
and titties.  Her flat stomach bore several marks above and below the
bellybutton where the switches had fallen.
     Debbie decided this woman had been punished quite a bit already.
     She moved on to the second woman.  She more the same markings as the first. 
She said nothing, but just hung there with her eyes closed tightly as though she
was afraid they would punish her if she looked.
     The other two looked at her as she passed in front of them.  Neither made
any effort to struggle.  They knew they were slave girls, the leather slave
collar about their slender necks confirmed that.  They no longer had to think
about what to do.  Their mistresses would do all the decision-making for them. 
All they had to do was use their bodies to please.
     The tall brunette was distracted by movement from the kennel beyond them. 
Four slave girls emerged, escorted by one Amazon who carried a whip, but did not
use it.
     Each of the four slave girls was dressed as a French Maid.  The minidresses
were black satin.  Debbie thought at first glance that they wore single gloves,
but as they neared she saw each had black satin, shoulder-length gloves with
their arms secured behind their backs.  The aprons and trim were white lace. 
Each had a little lace cap pinned to the top of her head.
     The dresses were cut so low in front that bare titties stuck through.  Each
wore black stockings, sheer except for the black seam up the back.  Each wore
black patent leather high heels, spike heels that were fully fifteen centimeters
long.
     Despite the lack of whipping, the slave girls moved quickly.  They had to
remain close together as they were connected by chain leashes.  One chain leash
linked the first pair together and another the rear pair.  Another set of
leashes connected the front slave girl with the one behind her.  Not one of them
to move in any direction other than what the other three were going without
being pulled off her feet.
     "Stop!  Kneel!"
     No other orders had to be given.  No threats had to be issued.  No
punishments meted out.  At the first command the four came to a halt.  At the
second they fell to their knees, their head bowed forward so the ends of their
long hair touched the ground. Debbie knew she watched four well-trained,
extremely submissive slave girls at work.
     The Amazon walked around behind them.  Debbie saw that each carried in her
bound hands a wrapped package.  Though somewhat large, they were not heavy.  The
Amazon took all four from the slave girls, then dropped one behind each of the
hanging captives.
     The other Amazons had not been idle during this time.  They lowered the
captive on the end, the first Debbie had studied, to the ground.  As her head
neared the ground, they grabbed her by the shoulders pull back so as her body
moved downwards, her bottom was below her head.  Eventually her feet touched the
ground.  They pulled her upright.
     The next step was to secure the captive with her arms extended over her
head.  The same leather cuffs that had held her ankles, not held her wrists. 
They shortened the chain until the slave girl's extended toes were off the
ground.
     By then the four French Maids had been freed of their bondage.  Though they
were no longer bound, they were not free.  Each wore the leather collar of a
slave girl, and had a bright red, rubber ballgag secured into her mouth.  Lastly
she wore that outfit that would tell anyone at a distance what her role in life
was.  If she tried to flee, she would be captured, punished, returned to her
owners, and no doubt punished again.
     Two French Maids opened the package on the ground behind the captive. 
Debbie saw that it contained things for her to wear, things that any slave girl
would be proud to have covering parts of her body.
     They started with the sheer black stockings.  One slave girl worked on each
leg, drawing the stockings up and smoothing them out.
     The other two secured a pale blue, satin corset around her slender waist. 
The two groups finished about the same time.  The two slave girls working on the
legs adjusted the length of the straps so the tabs could hold the stockings up. 
The other two laced the corset up the back.
     Debbie smiled her approval at the corset.  It certainly was sexy, and would
make any woman's body look better.  It was curved in front so the light blue and
white lace trim framed her dark pubic hair and pussy.  It was low-cut so her
large titties appeared to hang over it.
     The Amazons handed a spreader bar to the French Maids.  In seconds they had
the slave girl's legs spread far apart.  The Amazons then lowered her to the
ground so she could stand, but only with her feet spread far apart.
     Debbie started to turn to follow after Marlena, when she realized that they
were not done with that slave girl.  One slave girl picked up a wooden device
from the ground behind her.  As she moved around in front of the captive, the
tall brunette saw that the last six inches of it were a rather large dildo.  In
the middle there was a large ring with metal threads that separated the device
into two sections.
     The slave girl knelt before the captive to insert the didlo into the
newly-collar slave girl's pussy.  Debbie moved back in that direction as she saw
the slave girl's eyes open wide.  She made little moaning sounds as the French
Maid twisted the dildo back and forth to get it all the way up into her.  The
kneeling slave loosened the ring, allowing the two pieces to move further apart. 
She secured the lower end on a small pin rising from the spreader bar.  When she
tightened the ring, the dildo was in the woman to stay.
     Debbie smiled when she saw that the young slave's nipples had grown hard
and pointed at this action.  She wondered if she enjoyed it.  She hoped she did,
for knowing the Amazons, this slave girl would have much opportunity to have the
real thing in her.
     With this done, the Amazon removed the chains attached to the slave girl's
collar.  She was going   nowhere with that spreader bar and dildo in place.
     The other Amazons had not been idle while this went on.  They lowered the
second slave girl and turned her around so she hung by her wrists by the time
the first two French Maids were ready for her.
      The remaining two finished working on the first slave girl.  An Amazon
freed her hands.  Knowing she could not flee, she stood there passively while
they pulled shoulder length pale blue satin gloves up her arms.  When they were
done, the Amazon stepped forward, pushing them aside with her body.  She drew
the slave girl's right arm behind her back so she could fastened one end of a
set of handcuffs to it.  The captive already had her left hand back so it was
easy to finish the job.
     A master or mistress designed this type of corset to be worn by slave
girls.  In the back, above waist level, there was a metal ring sewed into the
material.  The Amazon pulled the handcuffs up so she could lock them to the
ring.
     The slave girl was helpless again.  She could struggle if she wanted to,
but she could not get free.  She could not flee.  Neither could she do anything
to protect herself.  Her bare ass and titties were unprotected.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 13

     Debbie glanced back one last time at the four slave girls.  The second had
been turned right-side up so she stood on the ground on their high heels.  An
Amazon squatted before her to insert the dildo.  They had just lowered the third
slave girl to the ground.  The fourth still hung by her ankles upside-down.  Her
turn would come soon.
     The tall brunette turned to go follow the path she had taken to get there,
but decided she could reach the pavilion faster is she just cut across the
ground.  (The trails were there for the benefit of the slave girls.  The Amazons
knew it was hard for a woman to move across an uneven surface with spike high
heels on.)
     The Amazons had not waited for their new partner to arrive.  They had the
two naked slave girls take their captive to a corner where they had a special
punishment device they used on occasion to force women to beg to be turned into
slave girls, or just to enjoy themselves they tormenting a woman who already was
a slave girl..
     The device was only half a meter high and so a woman had no trouble
kneeling on it.  The Amazons pushed Cindi and Jane forward so they dragged the
beautiful brunette along.  Jane moved on the left side of the device while Cindi
was on the right.  Gina had to get up on the device.
     The device had four wood boards about twenty-five centimeters wide and
overall about three meters long.  The four pieces came together to form a large
letter "X."  When the beautiful brunette knelt near the point where the four
pieces came together, they pulled one foot out several centimeters so they could
fasten it to the device.  One strap went across the ankle of each leg, another
across the upper calf immediately behind the knee.
     The Amazons removed the chain leashes connecting the two slave girls with
the brunette.  An Amazon snapped her fingers and then pointed toward the ground. 
Each slave girl knew what to do.  Each fell to her knees with her head bowed.
     Now they had the naked captive secured so she could not escape.  While one
Amazon cut the ropes holding her hands behind her back, two others held onto her
arms.  As the ropes fell off, they pulled her forward so she was on all fours. 
Her elbows rested on the part close to her knees.  One leather strap went across
each forearm near the elbow, and another across each wrist.
     This left Gina on all fours with her bare bottom raised in the air.  Her
large tits dangled down as far as they could.
     Debbie arrived as they were bringing Cindi and Jane to their feet using
chain leashes attached to the rings on the front of their collars.
     "Oh, you are here.  We thought you might miss the festivities.  These two
have been such good little slave girls that we thought they deserved a treat."
      Neither of the beautiful slave girls knew what the Amazon leader was
talking about, but each was certain she was not like it.  They were beyond the
point of caring.  All that concerned them was that they not be punished again.
     They move through a rear entrance.  After walking a few meters, they
entered a small building.  Three doors down the hallway they moved into a small
room.
     "Jane, kneel."
     The beautiful brunette slowly lowered her right knee to the floor, then
brought her left down to join it.  She bowed her head so the end of her long
hair touched the floor.  She was rapidly becoming a most obedient slave girl.
     One Amazon removed the blonde's bonds.  She and another Amazon then pulled
her over to the device so she had to lay on it on her back.  The first thing
they did was pulled her hands down toward the floor so they could secure here
there.  A small ring was screwed into the base near the floor.  At the end of a
short chain there was a steel cuff.  They secured each wrist in a cuff.  When
they let go, the blue-eyed blonde was once again a helpless prisoner.
     They proceeded to strap her down to the device.  One black leather strap
went across her upper chest near her neck.  Another went across just below her
large boobs.  A third went across her flat stomach, but the Amazon's purposely
left it loose.  These straps left her secured to the device so she could not
move from that position.
      A couple of steps to the side brought the Amazons down to her knees where
they wrapped a leather cuff about each thigh just above the knee.  A metal ring
adorned each cuff.  To each they attached a chain that they ran back toward
Cindi's head.  As they pulled on the chains, the blonde's knees came back toward
her head and spread apart.  The loose strap about her tummy became taut as her
lower body was raised in the air so her exposed pussy was the most noticeable
thing about her.  When they secured the ends of the chains to the device under
her head, the captive's pussy was exposed and unprotected.
     "Since you have been the good little slave girl, Jane, I am going to let
you get on top."
     Using the leash, Marlena brought the beautiful brunette to her feet.  They
lifted the naked slave girl in the air and set her down so she straddled Cindi's
face with her pussy pressed against the blonde's face.  They loosely wrapped two
leather straps across her body, one at the upper back and the other at the
lower, insuring that her arms were on top the straps.  This gave them the
ability to adjust the slave's position on the blonde.  By pulling and pushing,
they had her pussy immediately above Cindi's nose.
     They checked the other end before proceeding.  By lowering her head, Jane's
nose would be in the blonde's pussy.  The positioning was perfect.  They pulled
those last two strap taut, securing the two naked women with their bodies
pressed tightly together.
     Jane knew what they expected her to do even before they removed the ball
gag from her mouth.  No commands were given.  Instead, a hand on the back of her
head pushed her face into Cindi's pussy.  Almost instantly, the blonde began to
thrash about as she approached an orgasm.  Jane could not believe her friend
could come so quickly.
     At the same time, they had removed the gag from Cindi's mouth.  A wedge
slid under her head raised her face so her mouth was against the brunette's
pussy.  She extended her tongue and soon had Jane squirming about on top her.
     "You are going to like this," Marlena mumbled to Debbie as one Amazon freed
Jane's wrist.  They brought her arms around the blonde's body before securing
them in place with ropes about the wrists.  The Amazon then move toward Cindi's
head so they could free her hands and secure her in a similar position so she
clutched Jane's lower back.
     Marlena motioned Debbie toward the entrance.
     "Clever, is it not?  They are clinging to each other bodies as though they
were lovers on a first date.  We call this 'The Lovers' Embrace.'  If we kept
this going on long enough, the mere sight of the other's body will be enough to
get the little slave girl aroused."
     Marlena fairly laughed as she whispered this.  Debbie knew she did not want
the slave girls to hear this.  However degrading they thought this, soon they
would come to love it.  If they overheard what they were being trained to do,
they might resist.
     "Sometimes we will keep slave girls together like that for weeks.  Let them
walk around a little, eat, go to the bathroom, then back into the 'Embrace.' 
Then we tie them tightly so they cannot move and force them to watch their lover
making love to several other women, slave girls and freedom.  You should hear
the howls of protest through their gags."
     Debbie looked back at the two naked slave girls as she heard a collective
moan come from them.
     "Come on.  I think I can hear Gina's body screaming for a slave collar."
     Gina remained where they had left her.  In this most undignified position,
her bare bottom was the highest part of her body unless she raised her head far
into the air.  Her bare bottom though was the least of her worries.  The bondage
forced her to kneel with her legs spread, and the Amazons were quick to remind
her of that.  One stood behind her with a long switch that she kept between the
brunette's legs, letting it rub through her pussy.  The expectation of a blow on
her pussy lips was there, but the Amazon did not do more than prod them.
      Gina stared at the straps across her wrists and lower arms as she wondered
how she could escape.  Certainly there were several Amazons in that area who
would try to stop her, but she was certain that if she could resist, she could
overcome them.  First she had to get her arms free.
     She pulled against the straps.  The ends disappeared out of sight under the
boards.  She pulled again and again, hoping that some bolt or nail or something
would be loose and would come out.  All she accomplished though was to have the
leather straps dig into her flesh.  The strap across her wrist kept her from
pulling her had out while that one and the one across her lower arm kept her
from pulling up.
     "Having fun, Gina?"
     She had not heard them coming.  Marlena and somebody else stood by her
head.  She twisted her head to the right and raised it as far as she could, but
could only see to Marlena's waist.
     "Jack her up so we can watch the show."
     An Amazon stepped on a foot pedal next to the device. With each push down,
the platform upon which Gina kenlt rose half a centimeter in the air.  Each
centimeter brought her pussy and tits closer to a level a mistress could easily
reach.
     The Amazon stopped when the device was a meter above the ground.  Marlena
extended her right hand to fondle the brunette's left tittie.  It was at the
perfect height for what she wanted.
     The Amazon leader stepped aside as another woman approached.  With her left
hand she pushed the captive's head back so she could not move it about.  This
enabled her to thread a thin metal rod through the hole in the rubber ball in
her mouth.  A long wire was attached to the end of the rod.  When she had it
through so she could pull the wire, she let go of Gina's head.  With both hands
free, she had no trouble snapping the wire into pieces near the rod.  She
continued to pull the wire until the section on Gina's left was equal to the one
on her right.  She then stepped around beside the naked captive so she could
pull the ends toward her bottom.  When she was ready she signaled Marlena with a
slight nod.  The Amazon grabbed Gina's head with both hands to have a good grip. 
She jerked it up so the beautiful brunette had to stare straight ahead.  The
other Amazon quickly crossed the ends behind Gina's head.  Each end then passed
around her throat and back up to the nape.  With a pair of pliers she twisted
the wires together.
     As soon as Marlena let go, Gina tried to lower her head but discovered she
could not without choking herself.  With every tug downwards, the wire dug into
her throat.  She could do nothing but stare ahead of her.  The Amazons had
deprived her of the ability to move her head.
     "Do you see, Debbie, how we had take away every little bit of freedom she
has.  She is a free woman, at least for the moment, but there are slave girls
around here with more freedom than she has."  She reached under the brunette's
body to get at her right tit.  "We can enjoy her body, and there is nothing she
can do about it."
     Debbie wondered what the delay was.  She could not understand why the
Amazons simply did not start flogging her bare bottom until she begged to be
turned into a slave girl.
     Slowly Marlena circled the naked, kneeling captive, letting her right hand
run across the flesh.  Down the right side and then across the raised bottom. 
Moving to Gina's left, she reached back between the woman's legs to grab a
handful of pubic hair.  "Mmmfff!" Gina cried through the gag when she jerked it
suddenly.
     Marlena then brought her hand out, letting it slide across the soft flesh
of Gina's upper thighs.  She turned her hand so the palm was up.  She explored
the brunette's navel with her index finger before moving on to the dangling
mound on that side.
     "Gina, Gina, Gina.  You have such a wonderful body.  And to think you have
been wasting it all these years as a free woman.  You are much better suited to
be a slave girl.  Don't you agree?!
    The captive's reply was a muffled grunt of displease.  The switch played
against her bottom without warning.  The captive had been so interested in what
Marlena did to her that she did not notice another Amazon had taken a position
near her feet where she would have instant access to her bottom.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  The naked beauty jerked her body, discovering that she
could not move her head.
     "Now, I am going to ask you again.  Grunt twice if you think you should be
a slave girl."
     The seconds passed slowly.  Debbie stepped back so she would have a better
view of Gina's punishment.  It was obvious that she was not going to agree, at
least no yet.
     Crack!  "Mmmmmffffftttt!!"
     The first blow had left a red mark across her left bottomcheek near the
hip.  The second landed right in the middle of the right cheek.
     "I am going to ask you again.  Do you think you should be a slave girl?"
     Crack!  "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Gina thrashed around in her bondage as best she could.  She could not alter
her position to make it impossible for her tormenters to pick any spot they
wanted to punish.  She grunted and moaned, but it was to no avail.
     "Do you think you should be a slave girl?"
     Crack!
     "Not even a refusal.  Go ahead and give her ten more."
     Crack!  Crack!  Crack!
     Gina's bottom was a mass of red marks from teh blows, but Debbie could see
a lot of white space yet to be touched.  She wondered how many swats to the
fanny the brunette would have to have before she succumbed.
     Crack!  Crack!  Crack!
     Marlena reached beneath the captive to get at her right tit again.  Gently
she massaged the nipple until it became hard and pointed in her hand.
     Crack!  Crack!  Crack!
      The Amazon smiled as she stopped.  Debbie thought at first she had
miscounted, but then realized she was merely delaying the final blow.  Gina
would know she had one more swat coming.  The suspense would be worse than the
actual punishment.
     Crack!
     Marlena let go of the supple mound to move around in front of the captive
again.
     "Well, Gina, what do you say?  Do you want to be a slave girl?"
     The naked woman stared back.
     "Oh, good.  I was afraid you would give in too quickly."  She straightened
and looked at Debbie.  "Would you like to give her the next ten?"
     When Debbie was finished, an Amazon stepped up to take her place.  The tall
brunette had administered ten swats straight across both cheeks.  The Amazon
stood behind Gina so she could stick the switch between her legs.  Quickly she
flicked it back and forth so it struck the captive's inner thighs midway between
her knees and her pussy.  She continued until her wrist grew tired, then she
stepped back.
     Another Amazon stepped forward.  She was on the brunette's right.  Her
target was the captive's stomach.  She delivered ten quick blows upward with a
switch against the soft flesh between the rib cage and her pelvic bone.
     Debbie realized almost immediately, that though Gina's titties were a
tempting target, the Amazons ignored them She wondered what new torment they had
in store for those supple mounds.
     "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmgggggghhhhhh!"
     The Amazons ignored their captive's plaintive pleas.  Debbie was certain
she wanted to beg to be a slave girl, but they were in no hurry to finish her
subjugation.  Watching a beauty, haughty woman like Gina beg to be a slave girl
was always so much fun. 
     They always returned to her round bottom, but used the switches frequently
on the other parts of her body.  Perhaps one Amazon would deliver ten strokes to
the back of the right knee.  The next might do the same to the bottom of the
left upper arm.  Ten blows across the bottomcheeks, then ten more on her lower
back.
     In an amazingly short period of time, they had Gina's body covered with red
marks from the blows, all her body that is, except her titties.
      With a nod from Marlena, the Amazons started using paddles.  The first
were small, a small wooden circle about fifteen centimeters in diameter with a
small wooden paddle.  One Amazon stood by each hip.  Watching each other to
judge the timing, one brought the paddle down hard on the brunette's left
bottomcheek.  As she drew the paddle back, the other delivered a similar blow to
Gina's right check.  As she drew the paddle back, the first struck again.
     After about twenty-five blows from each woman, Marlena stepped forward with
a leather paddle.  She struck the naked beauty across the bottom with it a dozen
times.  As she stepped back, the two started to work again with their small,
wooden paddle.  When they finished, the Amazon leader was ready with a large
wood paddle.  She delivered ten deliberate blows across both cheeks.
     "Well, Gina, how would you like to have one hundred whacks to each tittie?" 
To add emphasis to the statement, Marlena grabbed the right dangling mound and
squeezed it tightly.
     "Mmfft!  Mffftt!  Mmmffftt!  Mmmmmffffttt!"				
     "What is she trying to say?"
     "I think she is begging to be turned into a slave girl.  Is that right,
Gina?  Grunt twice if that is what you want."
     Afraid that the Amazons would change their minds if she hesitated, she gave
a quick reply.
     "Mfft!  Mfft!"
     "I do not know.  Maybe you need those extra swats."
     "Mfft!  Mfft!"
     Marlena smiled.  Gina's fate was sealed.
     They removed the straps that held the beautiful brunette's arms against the
device.  She was given no chance at freedom as an Amazon immediately pulled each
arm behind her.  She made no effort to struggle.  A third added a pair of
handcuffs to her wrists.  In seconds, the beautiful brunette knelt at Marlena's
feet.
     The Amazon leader held a leather slave collar down between her knees.  Gina
stared at it, her eyes wide with fright.
     "You can either put your throat right here and become a slave girl, or we
can tie you on your back so we can start whipping those nice, big titties of
yours."
     There was not much room for a decision since Marlena phrased it that way. 
The naked woman crawled forward, bending her upper body down as she did.  When
her throat touched the leather strap, Marlena brought both ends up behind her
head to buckle them together.  She pulled the pins out, so Gina's long dark hair
hung down freely as was befitting a slave.
     Gina was now a slave girl.  She was totally at their mercy, and they would
have none.  She would have to use her body to please them, or they would punish
her most severely.
     Marlena removed her crotch strap.
     "Thank me for tuning you into a slave girl.  Use your nose."
     Gina had to crawl forward a few more centimeters to do that.  Slowly she
lowered her head again until her face was in the Amazon's crotch.  She moved
forward to place her nose in the woman's pussy, then started moving her head up
and down.
     While she did that, the Amazon fumbled around behind her head to unbuckle
the strap holding the rubber ball in her mouth.  Once it was undone, she pushed
Gina's head back with one hand while her other pulled the rubber ball free.  The
kneeling captive needed no orders.  When the Amazon placed her hands on the back
of her head to press her mouth against her pussy, she began to probe it with her
tongue.
     Marlena came once before she pushed the captive's head back so she could
reinsert the ballgag.  She pushed her head down to make it easier to get the
ends buckled together.  Since Gina would not be wearing the gag very long, she
fastened it over her long hair.
     The Amazon patted her thighs.  "I want your body right here.  Come to your
feet, curtsey, and stepped over here."
     "Mfft.  Mfft."  Gina  shook her head excitedly.  She knew the Amazon wanted
to spank her.  Marlena ended all resistance simply by bending forward to grab
the beautiful brunette's tit with her left hand.  Gina bounded to her feet.  She
did not want her titties beaten by the Amazons as they had the rest of her body.
     When she took one step forward, Marlena grabbed her by the left arm to pull
her across her lap.  In a matter of seconds the beautiful brunette found herself
spread over the mistress's thighs so the highest part of her body was her
bottom.
     The Amazon leader was still in no hurry to renew Gina's punishment.  She
grabbed the brunette's right bottomcheek and squeezed it tightly between her
fingers.
     "Mmmmmfffftttt!!"
      Gina's long wail indicated that her bottom was still sore from the beating
they had given her.  The       Amazon changed her grip from one cheek to the
other.  This time the naked captive remained silent though she flinched at the
pain.
     Slap!  Slap!  Slap!  Slap!
     Gina tired to take spanking stoically but after a couple dozen slaps, she
issued a mournful cry through her gag and began kicking wildly.  Marlena laughed
as she continued to swing her hand down against the soft flesh.  Gina responded
by struggling even more.			
     The Amazons howled in laughter at the sight of this beautiful woman
thrashing about in her bondage.  She had the makings of a good little slave
girl.
     When Marlena was done, she pushed the captive to the floor at her feet.
     "Come here and thank me for punishing you."
     The naked brunette lay on her side.  Slowly she came to her knees with her
head between the Amazon's knees.  She knew what the woman wanted her to do.  The
dominant woman had spanked her.  Now she was expected to thank her for the
punishment by licking her pussy.  There was nothing she could do.  She had to
obey.  If she refused, they would merely hoist her into the air so they could
spank her again.  She was a slave girl.  She existed solely to please others.
     She crawled to her knees so her head was between the Amazon's knees. 
Marlena leaned forward to unbuckle the strap about her head.  Once the rubber
ball was free, the beautiful brunette leaned forward to press her mouth against
the other woman's pussy.  It did not take her long to make the Amazon leader
come.
     Grabbing Gina by her long hair with her right hand, Marlena pulled the
slave girl's head back.  Her left shoved the rubber ball into her mouth.  Her
right then pushed the captive's head down to make it easier to buckle the ends
of the strap together.  While she did that, she gripped the beauty's head
between her calves.
     "Now, this is what I want you to do....."
     The beautiful brunette came to her feet, curtseyed, and walked the few
steps where another Amazon sat.  She curtseyed before laying herself across the
woman's lap for another spanking.
Debbie realized that this might take some time.  Apparently the Amazons did not
like this new slave girl, so they were determined to make her introduction in
slavery as hard on her as possible.  Each one of them might want to have to
pleasure of spanking her, and in turn be eaten by her.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 14

     Debbie returned to the area where Jane and Cindi were locked in the lovers'
embrace.  As she grew near, she heard a rather loud moan from one of the two as
one of the naked slave girls achieved a rather massive orgasm.  The tall
brunette could not tell who it was as neither moved her face out of the others's
pussy when she came.  If anything, each pressed her face in tighter into the
other woman's crotch.  The only outlet for an orgasm was to lick harder, faster,
and deeper.
     The single guard glanced at Debbie, then back at the two slave girls. 
Debbie could tell that she was wishing she could trade places with one of them. 
"I wonder if she prefers blondes or brunettes?"  she said to herself.
     The thought of an Amazon tied up naked on one of those devices caused her
to smile.  She wondered what it would be like to force an Amazon to beg for a
slave collar, then lick away on any slave girl you paraded in front of her.
     "I will keep an eye on them if you want to have a go at Gina."
     "You will?  As long as they are doing this, leave them alone.  If they
stop, well, you know what switches are for.  It is getting late.  It will not be
long before Marlena wants them dressed to take them into town."
     Debbie waited until the Amazon had left before selecting a switch from the
extensive collection the Amazons had on display.  Slowly she rubbed it across
Jane's bare back, and then the back of Cindi's thighs.  The two responded by
licking even harder.  Neither wanted to be punished again.  Debbie had to admit
that the Amazons' way of forcing women to submit was most effective.
     As the Amazon guard had said, it was not long before the Amazons came for
the two.  As the tall beauty watched, they removed the ropes forcing Jane to
hold rightly to the blonde's body.  Immediately two mistresses pulled her arms
behind her back so they could secure them there with handcuffs.
     While that occurred, another pair of Amazons went to work on Cindi's hands. 
They pulled them down to secure them to the cuff on the sides of the device
below her body.  They left her legs spread with her knees back to her chest.
     One of the Amazon's who had freed Jane's hands, pulled the brunette's  head
up with her right hand while her left shoved a bright red, rubber ballgag into
her mouth.  The beautiful brunette knelt on the floor with her head bowed while
an Amazon standing behind her buckled the ends of the strap together beneath her
long hair.  Having the strap tightened while her head was in that direction
caused the strap to pull the rubber ball deeper into her mouth when she raised
her head.
     They dragged her a short distance to the left of the door way where a set
of chains hung down from pulleys attached to beams overhead.
     The cuffs came off.   They raised the beautiful brunette's arms over her
head where they attached a leather cuff to each wrist.  There was no need to
lock them as they knew their captive would not be able to get free.  A large
metal ring dangled down from each cuff at the back of Jane's hand.  They put the
rings over hooks at the end of the chains.  Two Amazons were ready to turn the
cranks to raise the chain.  Slowly Jane was dragged off her feet.
     They turned their attention to Cindi.  While Debbie watched them pull Jane
upright, another Amazon was busy shoving a rubber ball into the blonde's mouth. 
She remained strapped down to the device until they were ready for her.  They
removed the straps holding her knees spread.  Next they removed the straps
holding her body to the device.  Once free, they dragged her over so she faced
the brunette, then she too was hoisted in the air.
     Debbie had been so intent on watching what they did to Cindi that she did
not see the bevy of French Maids arrive. They knelt on the floor before the
naked slave girl with their heads on the ground and their bottoms in the air. 
This raised their arms so a mistress could easily reach the handcuffs keeping
them prisoner.  An Amazon passed along behind them to free their hands.  Once
the cuffs were removed from their wrists, they began dressing the helpless slave
girl.
     More slave girls dressed as French Maids arrived.  Debbie admired their
legs as the paraded past her on their way to Cindi.
     The two slave girls were dressed in similar fashion, though the color
scheme was different.  Each wore a corset.  Jane's was bright red with black
lace trim while Cindi's was shiny black with red lace trim.  Each wore sheer
black stockings and high heeled sandals that matched the corsets they wore.      
When they were finished with Jane, the French Maids who had been dressing her
knelt on the ground before her, heads forward so the ends of their long hair
touched the ground.  They held their hands behind their backs so their
mistresses could secure them again when they wanted to.
     Right now the Amazons were interested in Jane.  They lowered her toward the
ground so she could stand upright.  One Amazon removed each cuff.  Up each arm
they drew a black satin shoulder-length glove.  When finished they then drew her
arms behind her back.  When they stepped back, the brunette's arms remained
behind her.
     While this was going on, another Amazon was occupied attaching a chain
leash to her slave collar.
The other two went to work on the French Maids, imprisoning each pair of wrists
in bands of steel so escape was impossible.
     When Debbie looked in the other direction, she saw the Amazon attaching a
chain leash to the blonde's collar.  With a simple tug, the blonde started
forward.
     As she passed, Debbie saw how they had secured Cindi.  It looked like a
regular pair of handcuffs, but there was a difference.  She saw that the captive
had to hold her hands in back at waist-level.  She soon saw why.  The center of
the three links connecting the two cuffs was locked to a metal ring sewn in the
back of the corset.
     Debbie had to laugh.  The blonde was a prisoner of her own attire.
     Though it was common to chain slave girls in single file, the leash of one
attached to the ring of the back of the collar of the other, in this case one
Amazon held each leash.  The slave girls trotted along behind their mistresses.
     Debbie had to smile as she watched their feet.  They were so unused to
walking in spike high heels, much less run in them.  She suspected that in a few
days they would be quite used to them.  There were few things more graceful than
the elegant sway of a slave girl's bottom as she hobbled about on spike high
heels.
     By the time the small party arrived at the place where the tall brunette
had left Gina, they had the beautiful slave girl dressed and were busy putting
the handcuffs on her. Like the others, she wore a corset.  Hers was silver
metallic as were her gloves and high heels.
     They led the two slave girls over beside Gina, one on her right, the other
on her left.  Amazons removed the leashes only to replace them with short tether
chains.  One end was attached to a ring on the side of the collar.  The other
was attached to a ring on the side of Gina's collar.
     Debbie smiled.  The Amazons would used them to led her around.
     "You have a thing for corsets," she said, indicating by the lack of
reflection in her voice that she did not expect a reply.
     "Yes.  The slave girl appears to be dressed, but all the best parts are
still exposed."
     Debbie saw that what Marlena said was true.  The corset surrounded the
waist but left the tits and pussy exposed.  If anything, they drew attention to
them.
     "Kneel."
     All three slave girls dropped to their knees about the same time.  One
Amazon standing behind them unbuckled the strap holding the rubber ball in
Gina's mouth.  Once it was loose, she grabbed a handful of the woman's hair to
pull her head back.  The Amazon who had ordered them to kneel pulled the rubber
ball from her mouth.  With her head in that position, she could not close her
mouth.       Dropping the ballgag on the ground, the Amazon produced a pair of
rubber chocks.  One went between the brunette's teeth on the right and left in
back.  She could not close her mouth.
     The Amazon used a rubber drain stopper to seal the slave girl's mouth. 
They had cut a spiral in the outer side so it looked like a rubber screw.  The
Amazon inserted it between the brunette's
front teeth.  Holding it by the little metal ring, she twisted it to the right,
screwing it in between the captive's teeth so it would not come out without
being unscrewed.  The wearer could push against it with her tongue as long as
she could, and it would not come out.
     It also suggested that the slave's mouth was nothing more than a drain. 
This was another thing to remind the captive that she existed only to please
others.
     "That will begin to hurt you in a while, Gina, so I suggest you hurry. 
Everyone, on your feet."
    The three slave girls staggered back to their feet.  The two on the outside
were happy they were not the recipients of that plug.  Each resolved to be a
good little slave girl to keep the Amazons from punishing her further.
     Using switches, the Amazons guided the three naked captives down the hill
toward the road to town.  Debbie followed, wondering if they intended on taking
them into town as they were.  (She suspected that was not the case because of
Gina's special gag.  She thought Marlena had some new torment in mind for the
beautiful brunette.)
     The three slave girls crossed the road leading to the town.  On the other
side there were a number of tents and buildings that housed other slavers.  They
Amazons guided their captives to a central area where several paths intersected. 
     This was a staging area of sorts.  A slaver could prepare his or her slave
girls there either for movement into the town, and movement to another town.  A
gravel road led up to the area where the wagons could be brought.
     The area also allowed slavers to show off their merchandise.  All slavers
were rivals when it came to deciding who had the most attractive slave girls.  A
slaver who had a girl he thought particularly beautiful or sexy could be placed
there, either tied to a pole, spreadeagled or secured in stocks. 
     This area could also be used to display merchandise a slaver might want to
sell.  Perhaps he or she had an overabundance of blondes.  Too many blondes at
one time could drive the market value down.  Rather than take a loose, a slaver
could display the merchandise.  Perhaps someone had a private buyer, or had room
for another slave girl or two in a wagon for transport to another town.
     "Stop."
      As soon as the three halted, Marlena removed the chains that connected
Jane and Cindi to Gina.
     "Kneel over there," she said as she attached a leash to Gina's collar.  The
other was meant for the other two.  They rushed over there to kneel facing a
pillory.
     Unlike most pillories that forced the slave girl to bend over, this one
forced her to kneel with her head in the air.  It would allow prospective buyers
to check out the merchandise.  It was to this device that Marlena led the
brunette captive.
     "Kneel."
     Gina fell to her knees before the device on the wood platform upon which it
rested.  She glanced to one side, then the other as two Amazons unlocked the
ends of the cross piece.  They lifted it in the air, revealing the three grooves
in the board attached to the vertical supports.
     First though, they secured her ankles in a set of stocks attached to the
platform.  The Amazons gave their beautiful captive no orders.  They simply
pulled her legs apart until an ankle fell into the grooves.  When they attached
the upper part, they had Gina's feet imprisoned in circles of wood.
The glanced back as the Amazon leader removed her handcuffs.
      "Put your head in the center groove, and your wrists  in the other two."
     Gina leaned forward a few centimeters until she could place her throat
against the large center groove.  She looked to the left.  That wrist was very
close to the groove on that side.  She moved it a couple of centimeters towards
her head to allow it to slide into the groove.  A look to the right.  That wrist
was too close.  She had to move it several centimeters away from her.
     As soon as the second wrist was in position, the two Amazons brought the
board down on the back of her neck and wrists.  There were three grooves cut
into this board also, causing the two boards to form a circle.  While they
locked both ends, the beautiful brunette tugged dwon slightly on her left hand. 
The circle of wood was far too small to allow her hand to go through.  She was a
helpless prisoner again.
     "Move your knees as far apart as you can."
     Gina tried to, but could not.  The Amazon grabbed her right nipple and
squeezed hard.  "I said move."
     "Mmmmfffff."
     She could not move at all.  Her chin  rested on a slight groove cut in the
front board.  She could not move her head at all in any direction.  Gina could
move no part of her body except her hands.
     The Amazons were not finished with her.  Marlena stepped in front of her to
show her the dildo.
     "In case you want to struggle, I think you will find this position very
stimulating."
     The dildo was on the end of a rod attached to a jack.  The Amazon
maneuvered it into position directly under the beautiful brunette before pushing
down on the handle a few times.  The end of the dildo rose half a centimeter a
time until it touched Gina's pussy.
     Gina responded as the Amazon knew she would.  Her nipples became hard and
pointed.  She was enjoying herself despite her wishes. The Amazon stepped back. 
Realizing that the woman did not intend on inserting it in her, the slave girl
uttered a mournful grunt through the gag.
     "Mmmmmfffffftt!
     "Do you want me to jack it into you all the way?  If you did, blink twice."
     Gina closed her eyes once, then a second time.
     The Amazon approached again.  The captive beauty tried to look down to see
what her mistress was going to do, but her bondage was too secure.  She could
see nothing two or three meters in front of the pillory.
     She heard the sound of metal on metal as Marlena stepped down on the lever. 
The dildo rose half a centimeter into her.
     "Mmmmmmmmmm!"
     "I think she likes it," Marlena said to the others.  Gina heard them laugh
but did not care.
     The Amazon stepped down again, driving the tip of the dildo further into
her slave girl.  She continued to push until the device had completely
disappeared into the brunette's pussy.
     Gina tried to pull her hands out of the pillory, but discovered she could
not.  She heard people moving but did not see them.  By the sounds she knew they
were taking Jane and Cindi away.  Turning her eyes to the left, then the right,
she wondered if Marlena intended to simply leave her there, or if she had
something new.
     "So what is this surprise you mention?"
    It was a man's voice, one she did not recognize.  She tried to turn her head
to see, but could not.  He placed his right hand on her forward as though he was
going to push her head back so she had to look up at him.  Since she could not
move her head at all, he did it merely to get and keep her attention.
     "Remember a couple of months ago at the Spring Bazaar Reception, there was
one particularly beautiful young woman who called you an amoral, spineless
slaver?  Here she is."
     Ginae did not recognize him.  That did not surprise her, there were always
so many young men after her.  She could not remember them all.
     "How much for her?"
     "Oh, she is not for sale.  Before we take her into town, I thought I would
give you the chance to sample her charms.  Her pussy is filled as you can see,
but that gag is easily removed.  We are going into town in about forty-five
minutes.  Until then, you can enjoy her.  If you lose interest, have your
friends have a go at her.  If she does not do a good job, just this switch on
her titties.  You probably noticed that we ignored them.  We want her to be very
enthusiastic when it come to pleasing you.  Forty-five minutes."
     His name was Canjac and his story was much darker than what Marlena
suspected.  She only knew he was a minor slaver in town.  His operation never
compared with that of the Amazons.  She know it did not harm to generate
goodwill.  She never knew when she might need a favor.
     The slaver grabbed the nipple of the brunette's left tit.  He found it hard
already.  Gently he rolled it back and forward between two fingers.
     "Though I am tempted to whip these titties of yours, I guess I should give
you the chance to persuade me not to."
     Canjac quickly had his cock out.  He grabbed the ring on the gag.  With a
quick twist to the left it popped out of her mouth.
     "Enjoy," he said as he thrust his cock into her mouth.  "Knowing what the
Amazons are looking for, I do not think you will get any more of this."
     In his right hand, he held the switch.  He did not have to see to direct it
down against her titties.
He did not struck them, but let the end of the switch rub across them as an
unspoken warning to the slave girl.
     With her mouth held open, there was no way Gina could resist.  She knew the
man could beat her tits for whatever reason he wanted.  She had to do the most
she could to keep him happy.  Her lips were of no use, but her tongue could
still move.  As he thrust his cock in and out of her mouth, she rubbed her
tongue against the bottom of it to try to make him come.  The more she used her
tongue, the harder and faster he thrust his hips against her face.
     She became aware that there were two cocks in her, one in her mouth, and an
artificial one in her pussy.  She tried to moved her body to generate pleasure
from the dildo, but she was bound too tightly.  All she could do was kneel there
and try to please.
     As Marlena and Debbie walked back toward the Amazon camp, an Amazon passed
through the gates of the town.  When she saw the Amazon leader, she picked up
the pace so she caught up with them before they went far.  She said nothing but
handed her a piece of paper.
     Marlena glanced down at it as she walked along.
     "So far all you have proven is that you can select a single female and
deliver her to us.  I want to see how much you have this planned out."
     "What do you mean?"
    "This is Mia .Mendelsohn  I had her do some checking this to see if it would
be worthwhile cooperating with you."
     Debbie glanced at the Amazon, thinking she might be some sort of enemy. 
She was a little bit less than average height so the top of her head came only
to Debbie's chin.  She wondered what it would be like to tie this dark-haired
beauty across a spanking bar and paddle her bottom.
     "It would be."
     "We know, but we had to check.  Mia went through our files of women of
interest and came up with a few we are interested in."
     She passed the paper to the tall brunette.
     "This is the name of one of the co-eds in your college.  Let us see if you
can cover the disappearance when we are the ones who choose the girl."
     Debbie glanced at the name.  She did not recognize it, but that meant
nothing.  Her beauty college was the largest and best-known for several hundred
kilometers in any direction.  She had hundreds of students.
     "Okay.  I will send her over tomorrow.  What excuse?"
     Marlena smiled a little.
     "Tell her you have chosen her to model a new line of clothing."
     "And that would be?"
     "Slave girl outfits."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 15

     "My plan is working perfectly," Paulette Peters thought.  Okay, she had
spent several hours bent over so any man who happened by could use her body. 
She lost track of the number of orgasms she had, and had gained a new
appreciation for making Ronor happy.  Once she was able to use her feminine
wiles on him, he would surely want to marry her instead of that slut Shelley.
     The beautiful brunette moaned through the gag filling her mouth.  Though
her legs and back ached from the bent-over position she had been in for hours,
the moan came from the disappointment of being freed from that position.  The
effect of being bound naked, so any man could use her body  who wanted to, was
something she had never before imagined.  She wanted more of the attention that
position generated.  She could not believe any man could pass her by.
     Shelley's attempt to keep her from seeing Ronor would fail.  She would be
delivered to him as a slave girl, right under the guards' noses.  He would take
one look at her and decide he wanted to marry her instead of Shelley.
     The buxom brunette smiled through the gag wedged between her teeth.
Perhaps, after they were married, she might even pretend to be a slave girl so
he could use her any way he wished.  She felt her nipples grow hard as she
thought of herself bent over, legs spread, strategically placed ropes keeping
her immobile.  Ronor would enjoy it.  So would she.
     The same the mistress who had kept her a prisoner since Janice left took
Paulette back to an alcove. There she bound the young woman spreadeagle to clean
her up.  The mistress turned a crank that lengthened a chain.  A wooden bar
attached to the end of that chain descended from the ceiling.  A leather cuff
was attached to each end by a single link of chain.  The woman freed Paulette's
hands, but immediately pulled the right over to one end of the bar.  The leather
cuff went about the wrist.  The left hand went into the other leather cuff.
     As the mistress moved across the room, Paulette turned her head a little to
the right to watch.  When the woman turned the crank in the opposite direction,
the chain shortened.  The bar rose toward the ceiling, drawing her arms into the
air.  The woman stopped turning when the lovely captive's hands were above her
head where she could not use them to protect her body.
     She returned to fasten a spreader bar between Paulette's legs.  The captive
already stood with her feet apart, so it took the woman only a minute to fasten
one leather cuff about each ankle.
     The bar was now between her legs so she could not pull them together.
     The mistress smiled at her before returning to the crank.  She shortened
the chain again by turning the crank around in a circle four more times. The bar
rose toward the ceiling, drawing the buxom captive with it.  The woman stopped
when Paulette's feet were several centimeters off the floor. 
     With her legs bound far apart, Paulette was helpless with every intimate
part of her body available to anyone who happened by. The beautiful brunette
felt the mistresses hands on her body, and wanted desperately to make love to
the woman. The leather collar locked about her neck proclaimed to all that she
was only a slave girl.  To whom she made love would not be her choice.  The
brunette's mouth became dry was she thought of herself helpless in Ronor's arms.
     Paulette did not realize it, but she began to think of herself as a slave
girl.  What she wanted did not matter.  Men and free women would decide what she
did.
     Tears ran down her cheeks as she realized just how vulnerable she was. 
Then she remembered Ronor.  They would take her out in public bound as a slave
girl, but they would deliver her to Ronor.  One look at her and his heart would
be hers.
     Paulette saw movement from the corner of her eye.  The mistress crossed to
a table where she picked up a piece of paper.  After studying it for a few
seconds, she disappeared off to the left.  The captive beauty put her head back
to relax as she wondered what would happen next.  She felt certain Janice had
passed along her instructions, but now this mistress controlled her fate.
     She hoped Ronor would appreciate what she was doing to get him to marry
her.
     The dark-haired mistress returned with clothing for her. Paulette had said
only that she wanted to wear the clothing of a slave girl.  She suggested Janice
pick out the items for her to wear.  Not being able to choose her own clothing
would make her feel even more as though she was a slave girl.  Besides, she
could not choose the correct outfit.  She needed someone objective to pick
attire that was sexy enough for her to overcome any inhibitions she might have. 
With the proper lingerie and dress, she was certain Ronor would want to keep her
as his own.
     The mistress crossed the alcove to a cabinet where she deposited the
clothing and selected an item from a drawer.  Since the item chosen was small
and made of leather, Paulette wondered if it was a new gag.  She rubbed her dry
tongue over the curve of the rubber ball filling her mouth.  The novelty of
having it in her mouth had worn off hours before.
     The mistress moved to her right until she disappeared from sight.  Paulette
stared straight ahead, knowing if she turned her head, she might be punished. 
To this woman, to all free women, she was nothing more than a slave girl.  She
showed how obedient she could be by staring straight ahead, pretending to ignore
what the mistress was about to do to her.
     Paulette flinched when saw something close to her face.  The mistress had
chosen a leather blindfold for her.  As soon as the woman had it against the
captive's eyes, Paulette could see nothing but the dark leather.  As the
mistress tightened the strap to hold it in place against her face, no light
could get through to her eyes.
     Paulette was in total darkness, even more helpless than she had been.
     Since she could not see what went on about her, the buxom brunette
concentrated on listening.  The mistress moved to her left.  After a few seconds
the sounds of her footsteps disappeared.
     Paulette twisted her hands back and forth in a futile attempt to get free. 
"What if something has gone wrong?" she wondered as she used her tongue to
explore the gag in her mouth again.  Trying to draw her legs together failed
also.  She could do nothing more than dangle silently in the air.
Footsteps sounded to the left, footsteps that could only come from slave girls. 
The distinctive "clickety, clickety," of their high heels on the floor told the
buxom captive that her mistress had brought at least two of them with her.
     Unable to resist, or help, or do anything, Paulette remained spreadeagled
until they finished dressing her.  Unseen hands removed all her clothing before
cleaning her.  (The attire worn by slave girls was designed so it could be put
on, or removed, while the captive was helplessly bound.)  The entire operation
only took a few minutes as slave girls wore little.  Paulette felt them
fastening a garterbelt about her slender waist before pulling the stockings up. 
Fingers touched her thighs as they adjusted the length of the straps to keep the
stockings pulled up.  High heeled sandals went on her feet, sandals with a strap
across the top of her foot and around her ankle so she could not kick them off.
     A cloth brushed across her body.  This was the dress she was to wear. 
Often slave girls went out in public bare-assed naked, but usually masters and
mistresses liked to have the slaves dressed in the most demeaning and erotic
attire imaginable.  Paulette wondered what they had in store for her.
     Hands grabbed her titties to push them through the cloth.  The garment
enveloped her body as they pulled it behind her back to snap the ends together. 
She felt the material about her hips.  At least her pussy would be covered.
     The sounds of the high heels moved away from her before stopping.  A few
seconds later she heard the "clicking" as a mistress secured handcuffs on a
slave girl.  After a few more seconds, the sounds suggested a second slave girl
had been secured in bondage.  Almost immediately the sounds of the high heels on
the floor began again and quickly moved away from her.
     Paulette stood there helplessly, awaiting her mistress's return, which
occurred a couple of minutes later. Footsteps moved from her left to her right
in the direction of that cabinet.  A door opened and closed.  The footsteps came
over in front of her.
     She tried to look down when the mistress put the belt about her waist, but
of course she  saw nothing with the blindfold on.  She listened as her mistress
moved around behind her.  Hands freed her right hand from the cuff that held it
above her head, but immediately drew it behind her back where a steel cuff
awaited.  The cold steel tightened about her wrist.  When the hands let go, the
tug on the leather belt told her the cuff was  attached to the belt in back. 
Not only would her hands be secured to the belt, but she would have to hold them
at waist-level.
     The hands brought her left hand down in back where another steel cuff
awaited.
     The footsteps moved about the area, returning to where she stood.  In
seconds the cuff about her right ankle fell away, followed seconds later they
the cuff on her left.
     Paulette could have brought her legs together but she did not.  Everyone
thought she was a slave girl.  As a slave girl who acted improperly they would
be punish her as they would any other slave girl.
     The footsteps moved around behind her.  She kept her head straight forward
as though what happened behind her was of no consequence.
     Hands gripped her upper arms and a shove propelled her forward. The
beautiful captive took a few steps in the direction indicated until the hands
twisted her body to the left.
     When the blindfold came off, Paulette found herself staring at her
reflection in a mirror.
     The colors the mistress chose for her were lime green and black, well,
mainly shiny lime green.  The stockings were sheer black, but both the satin
dress and the high heeled sandals were green.  The dress was short as any slave
girl's outfit would be, but it was just long enough to cover the top of the sto
ckings.
     No one though would notice her legs.  All eyes would be drawn to her
massive titties protruding through the pair of "tit holes" in the bodice of the
dress.  The mistress' hands came around her body to grab the supple mounds and
lift them a little.
     "This outfit really makes these girls seem all the bigger."
     Paulette had to admit that it was true.  She could not imagine any woman
having tits as big as those.
     "Turn around and look at you back."
     The buxom brunette did as the mistress ordered.  She changed her position
so her back was to the mirror with her legs spread apart.  The hem of the
minidress was much shorter in back.  It came only to the bottom of her
bottomcheeks when she stood erect.
     "Now bend over."
     In that position, she saw the reflection of her pussy was visible in the
mirror.  The mistress had not dressed her in panties.  Her bottom and pussy were
uncovered.  As a slave girl she could expect to spend a lot of time bent over. 
Everyone could see and enjoy the sights.
     Paulette wanted to smile.
     Ronor would be helpless in her hands.
     The mistress attached a leather leash to the ring on the front of her
collar.  Before ordering her forward though, the woman reattached the cowbell.
     "Let us go."
     As she followed the mistress, Paulette bobbed her head up and down so the
cowbell clanged.  Everyone--masters, mistresses, even slave girls -- turned to
look at her. 
     Though her head moved in one direction, her eyes shifted back and forth. 
She felt proud that none of the slave girls had bosoms as large as hers.
     "Oh, stop that infernal noise."
     The speaker was a man seated in a chair against the wall.  As they
approached he to his feet and moved past her mistress to stand immediately in
front of Paulette.  His hands moved up to cup her titties.  As he lifted the
supple mounds, his thumbs brushed across the nipples.  They were still as hard
as they had been all day.  Paulette did not want him to let go.
     "They really are large, but I do not want that noise following me
everywhere."
     He removed the cowbell and handed it to the mistress.
     "Kneel."
     Paulette slowly lowered her left knee to the floor, then brought her right
down to join it.  Only then did he remove the leash from her collar.  He handed
it to the mistress also.
     "I am sorry if I am late.  Time got away from me."
     "It is okay.  There are a couple more slave girls who have not arrived
yet."
     As he spoke, he pulled a leather device from his belt.  Paulette wanted to
look to see what it was but was afraid that he would punish her if she did.  She
stared at his chest as he fastened something about her head.  "I wonder if he
was one of the men back there who used me," she thought.
     It took almost a minute for the beautiful brunette to realize that he
strapped slave girls' blinders on her head.
     The slave girls' blinders were a bondage device used to keep the captive
women from knowing where they were.  A harness went about the wearer's head.  On
each side of the head, a stiff leather pad ten centimeters high by eight wide
extended forward so the wearer could not see on either side of her. 
     With one hand he pushed her head forward so she had to look at the floor.
     He attached chains from the harness to the rings on the sides of her
collar.  When he let go, she tried to raise her head but discovered the chains
kept her from doing that.
     He stepped around behind her.  One hand against her forehead held her head
up as far as the chains would allow.  He attached another chain to the ring in
back.
     "Looks good."
     Paulette discovered she could only see a short distance in front of her. 
She could not move her head up or down, left or right because of the chain.  The
only way to see anything was to turn her whole body.  A slave girl who did
something foolish like that could expect to be punished most severely.
     He squatted immediately to her right to attach a small leather strap about
her right ankle.  A dozen small circular bells dangled down, ringing at the
slightest movement.  Shifting position slightly, he attached another to her
other ankle.
     He attached a chain leash to the ring on the front of the collar.  A jerk
up was the signal for her to rise.
     She followed him at the end of the leash outside.  With every step the
bells on the ankle straps jingled, drawing attention to her.  Though no longer
adorned with that cowbell, she could go no where without people knowing.
      She thought it funny that he objected to the sound of the cowbell, but
still used the ankle bells.
Suddenly a kneeling slave girl appeared in sight. Paulette caught a glimpse of
her head and knew she also wore the slave blinders.
     "Kneel."
     Paulette dropped to her knees behind the slave girl and watched as the man
attached the end of the leash to a ring on the back of the other slave girl's
collar, a ring hidden by her long brown hair.
He walked away when he was done.  Of course, Paulette could not see him do that,
but knew by the sound of the footsteps that he had left.
      The buxom captive stared at the hair of the slave girl in front of her. 
She had often wondered what it would be like, not only to be bound, gagged, and
helpless, but to be linked front and back to other slave girls so she was
nothing more than another body in a crowd.  Now she knew.
      Without thinking of it, she played with her bondage, feeling the cold
steel on her flesh.  By pulling on the cuffs, she caused the belt to press
against her tummy.  Escape was impossible no matter how hard she tried.
     "What is taking those other two so long to get here?  I want to get this
over with," she thought as she tried to move her head.  She knelt so close to
the slave girl before her that all she could see was her hair.
     "On your feet, Slave Girls."  Crack!  Crack!
      Paulette started to rise as soon as the order was given but she was no
used to getting up and down without the use of her arms to maintain her balance.
     Crack!
     "Mmmffftt!"
     The switch caught her on the right thigh.  She straightened up immediately
and almost lost her balance.  Someone grabbed her arm to steady her so she did
not fall over.
     The buxom brunette thought they would start off immediately, but there was
still the matter of the two other slave girls to attend to.  She felt the man
pulling her long, dark hair aside in back.  The tug on her slave collar told her
someone was attaching the end of a leash to the ring on the back of her collar.
     The coffle was now complete.  Paulette was nothing more than another sexy
and beautiful slave girl chained into a line for movement from one place to
another.
     "Walk."  Crack!  Crack!  Crack!
     Though the leash connecting her to the slave girl in front was two meters
long, her head was less than a meter away.  This allowed the captives to advance
at their own pace at the beginning without stopping and starting.
     Crack!  Crack!  Crack!
      Paulette stared at the street in front of her.  The sides of the street
were paved with smooth stones so there were no obstructions to cause slave girls
in spike high heels to trip.  Paulette took one step forward after another.
     Crack!
     She saw a switch land on the right bottomcheek of the slave girl ahead of
her.  The hand holding the switch quickly pulled it back.  Paulette stared at
the red line where it had landed.
     Crack!
     "Mmmfffttt!"
     Pain shot through her bottom when the switch landed.  She picked the pace
up a little to get closer to the slave girl ahead of her. She did not want to
give him reason to use it on her again.  She was rapidly learning how to be a
good, little slave girl.
     The slave girl ahead of her turned to the right, and she followed.
     "We are now going...."
     She knew the street on the other side of the inn.  Perhaps they had turned
down it, or maybe they traveled further than that.  Then of course there were
the alleys.  Slavers used them often to transfer coffles of slave girls to keep
the slow-moving lines from tying up traffic.
     Then of course there was the problem that only free women could use the
front door of a place.  Slave girls were delivered to the back door, just as any
package would be.
     Paulette had lived her entire life in this town, but after only a few
minutes in the coffle, she had no idea where she was.
      Her eyes moved to the right and then the left.  The street and the curb
looked pretty much the same everywhere.  The roadway to her left and the curb to
her right might be a different shade of gray, but they revealed nothing.  The
slave blinders did their job well.  She saw nothing that would tell her where
she was.
     Fifteen minutes after the coffle started, it came to a halt.  The pace was
necessarily slow so they had not gone far from the inn.  Paulette tried to raise
her head again to see what was going on, but could not.  All she could do was
stare at the legs of the slave girl before her.  She heard voices but could not
make out the words.  Suddenly the slave girl in front of her took a couple steps
forward.  Paulette did the same, feeling the leash from the back of her collar
to that of the slave girl behind her grow taut.  When that slave girl stepped
forward, the tension on the leash eased.
     Paulette knew a slave girl had been removed from the coffle ahead of her. 
One captive no longer had to think about being paraded around in public, bound,
gagged, half-naked.  She had arrived at her destination.
     Paulette wondered how much longer it would be until she arrived at hers.
     The coffle stopped a second time, then a third as more slave girls were
removed from the coffle.  At the fourth stop, she realized they were adding one
to the end of the coffle behind her.
     The line started forward for a few minutes before stopping again.  The two
slave girls behind her were removed from the coffle.  The slave girl on the end
was brought forward so she was still connected front and back.
     Paulette began walking forward again when the slave girl ahead of her did. 
They turned left, they turned right.  They could have gone in a complete circle
and Paulette would not have realized it.
The coffle stopped.  They had arrived at her destination.
     Hands removed the end of the leash from the collar of the slave girl ahead
of her.  Those hands then turned her to the left and pushed her forward.
     "Spread them."  To add emphasis to the command, he grabbed a handful of
pubic hair and pulled.       She moved her feet about a meter apart.
     He removed the slave blinders, then with one hand on the back of her head,
he pushed her upper body down so her head was a waist-level.  Paulette
remembered back in the in when she had been in that position.  Anyone standing
behind her would be able to see her pussy.  She wanted desperately to pull her
legs together but knew she could not without being severely punished.
     He attached the end of the leash to a ring on the wall about two meters
above the ground.
Paulette stared at it, realizing that it was so high that she could not reach it
with her cuff hands.
When he had finished removing the slave blinders, he removed the belled straps.
     As he rose he grabbed her dangling right tit to give it a playful squeeze.
     "I do wish I had time to play with these girls."
     Then she was alone. 
     There was no one there to watch her so she could have straightened up if
she wanted to but she knew if they caught her, she would be punished.  Where
that switch had landed on her bottom still burned.
     The wait was not long.  Someone came out of the house.  With her long hair
hanging down, she could not see who it was.
     Suddenly she could see nothing as hands applied a blindfold over her eyes. 
With the ends buckled together the blindfold was in place.
     She could see nothing.
     The leash swung from one side to the other.  She knew the hands were
freeing the end of the leash.  Soon she would be inside.  She would see Ronor. 
She would win him back.
     She started forward, then turned left.  A few more steps forward, then
another turn to the left.
Hands pushed her to her knees.  Without thinking she kept her knees spread as a
slave girl.
     She heard another set of footsteps come and the original set disappear from
the room.
     Ronor had her.  Soon he would be hers.
     A hand slid the blindfold off.
     "I knew that eventually you would find your truly calling, Paulette. 
Hahahahaha,"
     The buxom brunette raised her head in horror.  It was not Ronor who held
the end of her leash.
Shelley Baker reached forward to pinch both nipples.
     Paulette was now her slave girl.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 16

     The co-ed was beautiful, but then, they all were.  Her eyes were light
brown, as was her hair.  Though she wore her hair up as any free woman would,
one strain had worked its way loose.  Continually she used her right had to pull
it back into place, only to have it fall down again.  The spectacle of watching
her was most annoying, but she was certain men enjoyed it..
     Julie Jackson stared down at the form before her as this particular co-ed
babbled on with an endless series of complaints.  She had written her name
across the top of the complaint form.  "Carin Carlson."  If it was not the noise
her roommates made, it was the food in the cafeteria.  Julie dutifully noted
every complaint on the form.  When she ran out of space, she turned it over to
write on the back.  It did not matter what she did with it.  Once the co-ed
left, she intended to throw it out.  She was tired of all their tiresome
complaining.
     Julie looked up at Carin.  The frosted pink lipstick was on a set of lips
that were in a perpetual pout.  Her makeup was perfect.  Everything about her
was perfect.  One day she would get a job selling cosmetics, and she would do
quite well at it.
     "I will pass these complaints on to the department chiefs.  I am certain
you will get action right away."
     The young woman thanked her and left.
     Julie waited until the door closed before tossing the form in the trash
can.
     "You would not believe what type of complaints I am hearing today," she
said in the outer office as she poured herself a cup of coffee.  Three teaspoons
of sugars, two of creamer.
     "Anything unusual?" one of the secretaries asked, trying to make polite
conversation.
     "Of course none of it was unusual.  It was the usual garbage from a bunch
of spoiled young women.:"
     Julie turned, placing the index finger of her right hand against her right
cheek just below the eye.
"Oh, my roommate made so much noise shaving her legs this morning, I had trouble
getting my makeup on.  Does it look right to you?"
     They all laughed.
     "They are nothing but a bunch of stupid bimbos."
     The coffee was hot so she had to sip it as she crossed the room.  From a
"Completed" box she selected a report.  She read it as she walked and sipped. 
The coffee spilled, leaving brown spots on the paper.
     "Here, you have to type this whole thing over again."
    "I spent hours on that!"
     "Well, you obviously need the practice if that took you hours."
     The secretary wanted to say something, but the look on Julie's face told
her to remain quiet.
Julie was not done though.  She enjoyed being an administrative assistant. 
Okay, she had to do little in this job, but that was fine with her.  Her job was
to tell other people what to do.
     She went to the office manager's little alcove at the other end of the
room.  Okay, she little real power but they did not know that.  She could
terrorize them with her threats alone.
     "I will not have your secretaries being rude to me.  Just because I made a
little error I will not have them being rude to me.  If this happens again, I
will see that they are fired, and you along with them."
With an exaggerated sigh, the brunette made her way back to her office.
     "That stupid bimbo," she said aloud, thinking of Carin Carlson again.  "She
is just so cute, and so adorable..."
     She envisioned Karen wearing only a garterbelt, stockings, and high heels,
kneeling on the floor before her.  Her constant complaining had been replaced by
whimpering through the ballgag filling her mouth.  She twisted and squirmed,
trying to get free, but the multitude of ropes about her arms and chest were too
tight.  Escape was impossible.
     As the beautiful brunette sat back in her chair, she thought more of Carin
in bondage.  Carin and the co-ed before her, and the one before her, and the
one....
     Leaning forward suddenly, she opened a drawer in her desk.  Hidden under
some pads of paper was a small business card.  She stared at it as the image in
her mind changed again.
     No longer was that Carin bound and gagged on her knees.  Now Julie was the
one wearing the slave collar.  All those snotty co-eds were gathered around her,
complaining about everything she did.  Ridiculing the size of her breasts....
     The beautiful brunette looked down at her chest.  They had every reason to
be jealous of the size of her bosom.  "Stupid bimbos," she repeated out loud.
     She stared at the card again.
     "Why not?"
     Since she was the administrative assistant, she could make her own hours. 
None of the bitching from the stupid little co-eds was important.  Their
complaints could wait until tomorrow.
     In a few minutes she found herself outside the "Heath and Beauty Spa, Inc." 
She looked down at the card in her hand.  "One free visit," was what it read.
     "What could it hurt?" she said aloud.  Looking back and forth, she was glad
to discover no one had heard her.
     The building was rather nondescript.  Looking at the outside of it, no one
would suspect what activities went on inside.  Julie looked down at the card,
then up at the sign over the door.  This was the correct place.
     A receptionist was seated behind a large desk just inside the door.
     "May I help you?"
     "I was given this."
     She handed the card to the woman who glanced at it briefly, then looked up
at the beautiful brunette.
     "No problem.  Since this is your first visit, we need you to fill out a
questionnaire, you know, just the basic information.  Then one of our customer
service specialists will give you a little test."
     "Test?"
     Nobody had said anything about any tests.
     "Do not worry about it.  This test is an easy one.  You decide whether you
pass it or not."
     With a puzzled look on her face, Julie took a clipboard with the
questionnaire to one of the chairs lined up along the wall.  There was one other
woman there, seated in the center chair along one wall.  She chose a chair on
another wall.
     "This must be your first time."
     Julie looked up.  She wondered if she knew the woman.  In some ways she
resembled her, that is, she had black hair and big brown eyes.  One glance was
enough to tell her that the other woman's breasts were not nearly as large as
hers.
     "Uh, yeah."
     "You will like it here.  I have been coming for about three months.  I
swear it gets better every time."
     "Oh."
     The buxom brunette had no idea how to respond to that statement.  She was
not certain she wanted to make friends with this woman.  She did not want anyone
to know she was there.
     "Let me let you in on a secret.  When they ask you what, just tell them the
deluxe treatment."
    "What does that mean?"  Julie was truly puzzled.
    "With the deluxe treatment, you have no rights at all.  Well, except for
those laws here in town.  Once you are bound and gagged, they treat you just as
though you were a slave girl.  They decide what will happen to you. Believe me,
it will keep you coming back for more."
    "Miss Thomas?"
     Both women looked at the woman in the doorway.  She was free, that was
obvious, but she wore the clothing of a slave girl.  The minidress was white
satin.  This contrasted nicely with the sheer black stockings.  The shoes were
white patent-leather with four inch spike high heels.  A strap across the top of
the foot and around the ankle keep them on the wear.
     "Oh, hi, Miranda,"  said the woman.  She immediately came to her feet.
     "Nice meeting you," she said over her shoulder as she followed the woman
toward a door.
Julie sat back with the questionnaire still incomplete.
     Once the door swung shut behind the two, Julie turned her attention back to
the paper before her.  She had it completed in just a few minutes.  There was
just some basic information.  A note said they collected it to get a
cross-section of the new clients to help marketing.  It made sense.  But then
again, Julie's tits were bigger than her IQ.
     "As soon as one of the customer service women is free, I will have her
administer your test."
At the mention of the word "test," Julie began to worry.  "What could they
possibly test me on."  Okay, so their client list might be very special, but
with her looks and the size of her boobs, she could not believe they would not
want her as a client.
     She looked up when the door opened again.  Miranda, the one who had led
that brunette away, appeared in the doorway.  She went to the desk to get the
clipboard.  She spent only a few seconds reading before glancing up with smile
firmly plastered on her face.
     "Miss Jackson?"
     "Yes, that is me."
     Of course, except for the receptionist,  there was no one else in the room.
     "I am Miranda   Come on in back."
     Julie followed the woman.  The skirt was so short that she could see the
woman black, satin panties.
     Julie wore the clothing of a free woman.  That mean that she kept most of
her body covered as much as possible.  Her skirt was ankle-length so all her
legs were covered.  Only a slave girl went about displaying her legs.  If she
was lucky, her master or mistress would give her little more than a garterbelt. 
If she was unlucky, she would have a very short skirt to wear.  It proclaimed to
the world that she could not hide her legs.
     Many women with large breasts wore vests, or if they were professional
women, jackets.  Julie's certainly were quite large but she shunned an outer
garment.  The long-sleeved, white cotton dress she wore did button at the neck. 
(Slave girls, of course, were expected to show off their tits.)
     "What happened to..."she had to stop to think of the woman's name.  "Miss
Thomas."
     "Oh, you mean, Teresa.  Are you friends with her?"
     "I just met her."
     "If you continue to come, you will run into her a lot.  She is a regular."
     Julie bit down on her lower lip for a second.  "She said I should ask for
the deluxe treatment."
     "The deluxe treatment?  Okay, but first you have to pass the test."
      Julie frowned as she followed the woman down the hall past several doors
that were closed.  A little sign indicated each was occupied.  The buxom
brunette looked about her.  She saw no one.  That meant that no one would see
her, no one who knew her.  The woman stopped at an open door.
     "We can conduct your test in here."
      The buxom brunette entered the room warily, then looked around once she
was inside.  There was little to the room.  On one wall several coils of light
rope hung from pegs.  The only other thing in the room was a solid wooden post. 
Julie knew its only function was to serve as a support to tie women to.
     "What is...this...test?"
     "It is simple.  I tie you up.  Let you feel the ropes for a while, then I
untie you.  If you want to continue, you pass.  If you do not like being bound,
we shake hands and you leave."
     That sounded so reasonable to Julie that big-chested brunette saw no reason
to object.  Okay, she was going to be helpless, but what the woman had said to
her eased her fears somewhat.
     "What do I do?"
     "Stand against that post with your arms behind it."
     That was how it began.  The woman selected one coil of rope to begin with. 
Once behind the beautiful young woman, she doubled the rope in half so she could
stick the working ends through the loop formed in the middle.  She slipped the
rope over Julie's hands and pulled it snug against her wrists.  She made three
more passes with the rope, the ends moving in opposite directions, before
passing one end between Julie's hands and the other between her forearms.  She
made three more passes, a total of six loops that cinched the ropes tight.  When
she tied a simple square knot, there was no way the beautiful brunette could get
free.
     The mistress then passed the ends of the rope about the post and the young
woman's waist.  She made two passes before tying the ends together in front.
     As she crossed the room to get the next coil, Julie looked down at the knot
at her belly.  It was clever the way the woman had tied the ends together in
front of her.  This rope bound her hands, but they were behind her back.  With
the knot in front, there was no way she could reach it to free herself.
The woman moved around behind her again.  This time the rope encircled her upper
chest above her large bosom.  The woman passed the ends of the rope about her
body twice before pulling the slack from it and tying a knot in front.  The
woman pulled one end around the brunette's body.  She tucked it in between the
captive's body and the post.  Stepping around to the other side she did the
same.       She then reached between Julie's back and the post to pull the end
through.  When she had both ends stuck through, she looped them around.  Pulling
the two ends behind the brunette's head, cinched the loops about her chest.  She
pulled them so there was no slack.  The rope dug deeper into the captive's
flesh.
     The next rope also went about her body, but it passed under her large
boobs.  The mistress tied the ends together right there between the mounds. 
Once again she ran the ends behind Julie's back to cinch the ropes.
     Julie could tell this woman was experienced.  She wondered how many women
she had tied up at this place, how many in this very room.
     Another rope went about her slender waist.  Again the woman cinched the
loops to insure there was no slack.
     When the woman returned to the wall to get the next rope, Julie tried to
take a deep breath.  She found the rope constricting her movement.  Just by
breathing, the ropes made their presence known.  She watched as the mistress
pulled a coil from a peg.  While she was not looking, she squirmed a little bit
to see how much freedom the woman had left her.
     There was none.  She was totally helpless.  She began to feel as helpless
as a slave girl.
The mistress knelt at the captive's feet to tie the next rope about her lower
thighs just about the knees.  The tightening coils pulled the material of her
long skirt tightly against her shapely legs.  Much the same as she had done
before, the woman tied a knot in front of Julie's legs, then passed the ends of
the rope around the post.  After three passes from both ends she pulled all the
slack from them that she could.  She tied a knot in front, then brought both
ends around so she could cinch the loops between her legs and the post.
     The final rope went about her ankles.  In seconds they were bound as
tightly as the rest of her body was.  She stood against the post without being
able to move anything other then her head or her heads.  Escape was impossible,
and she certainly could not move from that spot.
     "A couple more items, and then I will leave you here to enjoy yourself."
     The woman pulled something from her leather belt.  She had not noticed it
before.  Julie could not see what it was until it was right in front of her
face. 
     The woman held a gag.  It was not much of a gag, but it definitely was a
gag.  There was a flexible rubber piece that was oval-shaped that would fit in
her mouth.  On each end there was a leather strap.
The mistress said nothing to her, but simply held the gag before her mouth. 
Julie ran her tongue over her bottom lip nervously before opening wide to accept
it.  The flexible rubber piece slipped between her lips and in between her
teeth.  The woman stepped to the side to get around behind her.  Julie bit down
on the gag.  Being flexible, it gave way.  It would not be too unportable to
wear, but she was certain it would keep her from saying anything.
     The woman pulled the ends behind her head to buckle them together.  The gag
was in Julie's mouth to stay until someone unbuckled the ends of the strap, and
bound as she was, Julie certainly was not going to be the one to do it. 
      The final item was a black leather blindfold about ten or twelve
centimeters high.  The mistress held it up against the brunette's beautiful face
so she could fit her nose through the nose hole.  She then pulled the ends
behind Julie's head to buckle them together.
     Now, not only could she not struggle or cry out for help, she could not see
what was going on.
     "The nature of the test is this: You remain tied up for a period of time. 
How long?  Well, that is not for you to decide.  I will decide how long you have
to remain here.  When I come back, I will let you go.  That is when we decide if
you passed the test or not.  Some women do not like to be tied up.  Others want
more.  Just think about how helpless you are.  I you decide to continue, we will
see about the deluxe treatment for you.  Who knows?  Perhaps Teresa would like
to help since she suggested it."
     Julie heard the woman cross the room to the door.  She listened to the
sounds the door made as the woman opened and closed it.  She tilted her head
slightly to the left to listen more closely.  She heard no sounds to indicate
that she had locked the door when she left.  The door was unlocked!  Anyone
could walk in and see her helplessly bound, gagged, and blindfolded.
     As soon as she was alone, the buxom captive attacked her bondage.  She
pulled and twisted on every rope but could not get free.  With each attempt she
felt the ropes on her soft flesh.  If she pulled in one place, another part of
her body, the rope would dig in.  She struggled a little, just enough to realize
she was helpless but not enough to hurt herself.
     She had wondered what it was like to be one of those slave girls out on
display in the town square.  There were few reasons to bind a woman in public
like that.  Usually when they were bound naked to a post, or bound spreadeagled
between two posts, it was because they were new to their collar.  Their owner,
man or woman, would put them out in public where everyone could examine their
bodies.  Julie had not been able to pass through the square without stopping to
play with the titties of one or two of the captives.  Unused to being fondled,
they would twist and squirm.  It did no good though.  They were only slave
girls.  They existed only to bring pleasure to others.  Their titties were there
for people to play with.
     Julie imagined she was bound to a post on the side facing the city hall. 
That was in line for all the men going to work.  She knew some of them and
imagined what it would be like to be bound naked before them.  Perhaps they
would dress her on in a garterbelt and stockings.  The choice parts of her body
would be exposed and available.  She imagined what it would be like to be
helpless as they reached out....
     "Well, how are you doing?"
     The mistress had returned.  The buxom brunette wondered how long she had
remained bound there.  It seemed as though it was only a minute or two.  If it
was that little, it certainly had not been much of a test.  Perhaps it had been
longer.  Perhaps it had been ten minutes, fifteen minutes, or more.
She took a deep breath and pushed against the post so she could feel every rope
against her body.
The mistress pulled the blindfold off first.  The gag followed.  She stuck them
in her belt.
     "Well, did you pass?"
     "I think so."
     "Do you want to continue?"
     "Yes."
     The mistress went to work untying her in the opposite order she had bound
her.  She began with the ankles then the thighs.  Five minutes later the
beautiful brunette was untied, but wanted to be.
     "Just a second while I get an outfit for you."
     The woman stepped out of the room, closing the door behind her.  She
returned in just a few seconds.
     "Put the clothing on.  Since we do not want anyone to think you are a slave
girl, we do not use collars.  Kneel on the floor right here and attach this to
you ankles."  She squatted where she had pointed and attached one end of a short
chain to a ring on the floor.  The other end was attached to a pair of shackles. 
She held up a ballgag as she stood up.  "You know where this goes."  Next, she
produced a pair of steel handcuffs.  "And you know what to do with these."
     "I will give you about ten minutes to get ready.  Then I will take you back
to the playrooms."
As soon as the woman left, Julie examined the garments left behind.  The dress
was white satin, and extremely short (as befitted any slave girl).  There was
little else, but she knew it would make her extremely sexy-looking.
     She dropped the items on the floor when she could not find anything to put
them on.  No sooner had they touched the floor than she was reaching behind her
back to get at the buttons on the back of her long-sleeved, white blouse.  She
undid those as quickly as her fingers could work.  When she was done, she pulled
the blouse off and dropped it on the floor beside her new clothing.
     The long skirt was next.  She had to unfasten it at the waist and pulled
down on the zipper before she could get it off her hips, but once she had done
that, it fell to the floor.  She stepped out of it, then used her right foot to
lift it on top the blouse.
     The white cotton bra was next.  No sooner did it land on the small pile of
clothing than she was pulling the white cotton panties down from about her hips. 
She let them fall on the pile of clothing.
All that remained was her shoes.  She kicked them off so they landed on the
floor next to her clothing.
The first item she put on were the stockings.  They were sheer black with a seam
up the back.  She sat on the floor to put them on, drawing one up her left leg,
then her right.  When she had them up all the way, she started at her ankles to
smooth them out.  Cupping her leg at the ankle, she pulled her hands up her
legs, gradually drawing all the wrinkles out.  Once she finished with her left
leg, she switched over to repeat the process with her right.
     To keep them up, the woman had given her a white satin garterbelt to wear. 
A single strap went around her waist, but in front it looked like an upside "U"
with white satin extending down toward her legs.  The "U" outlined her pubic
area, drawing attention to it.  All the edges of the satin were lined with
dainty white lace ruffles that added an extra degree of femininity to the
already sexy outfit.       Julie slid the garterbelt about her slender waist and
hooked the ends together.  She saw by her reflection in the full-length mirror
on one wall that it hung nicely on her hips.  Bending forward slightly, she
adjusted the length of the straps, then attached the tabs to the top of the
stockings.  Again she looked at herself in the mirror.  The stockings and
garterbelt looked perfect.
     The white satin panties were next.  She picked them up and thought at first
they were damaged.  There seemed to be a lot of loose strings to them.  Then she
found the ends of the strings and held the little garment up.  "No wonder it
looked damaged," she said aloud.
     The panties were crotchless.  She would have to secure them in place by
tying a pair of strings on each hip.
     Giggling at the thought of wearing such a naughty item, she stuck it
between her legs.  One set of strings she tied together on her left hip, then
other on her right.  She looked at herself again in the mirror.  Not liking what
she saw, she changed the length of the strings on the left, and then the right. 
Each set of strings she tied together with a bow - a simple little bow that
could be undone with nothing more than a tug on a loose end.
     Spreading her legs apart, she looked at herself in the mirror.  While the
panties covered her pubic hair, she could see part of her pussy.  Turning about,
she looked at her bottom in the mirror.  The little triangle of satin back there
did a thoroughly inadequate job of covering her bottom.  Spreading her legs
apart again, she bent over.  Over her left shoulder, she could see the
reflection of her pussy in the mirror.
     She giggled again.  This was fun.  She knew already that she could be back. 
She was beginning to enjoy this.  It would be fun pretending to be a slave girl
even if she did nothing more than wear the clothing.
     The only other garment was the white satin minidress.  As with all other
slave girl attire, it was designed so it could be put on or taken off a slave
girl while she was bound.  Working quickly, Julie fastened the snaps together.
     One more she moved back to the mirror.  The hem of the dress was just long
enough in front to cover the tops of the stockings.  Still, it showed a lot of
her legs, far more than any free woman would flaunt in public.  Turning around,
she looked at her bottom in the mirror.  Even when she stood straight up, anyone
could see her bottomcheeks peeking out from under the hem.  When she bent over,
all of her bottom could be seen.
    She liked it.
    She turned to look at her bosom.  She wore no bra, but the dress was
essentially a halter-dress.  Each large, supple mound had it own satin cup. 
They hung outwards since they were unsupported bu a bra.  She knew they would
wiggle and jiggle when she walked.  The neckline was cut low to show off her
cleavage.  She had deliciously large titties, and would finally be able to show
them off, even if few people saw them.  She knew she was going to have fun
coming here.
     Her large bosom were more than enough to to make other women jealous.
     The dark-haired beauty smiled at her reflection in the mirror.  She wished
there was some guy around who could fondle them.  She knew any man would find
them to be more than a handful.
The only thing that could be considered clothing that was left were the sandals. 
Lifting them by the straps to eye level, she peered closely at them.  They were
little more than straps and high heels.  They hardly qualified as clothing.
     The buxom brunette moved toward the chain where she sat on the floor to get
them on.  Clothing?  There was little to them as they almost did not qualify as
shoes.  A narrow strap passed across her foot near her toes.  Another went about
the ankle.  Once she had sandal on her right foot, she raised that leg in the
air to shake the foot.  The shoe was secured tightly to her foot by these
straps.  It would not off without the straps being undone, and if she was bound,
she would have no way of unstrapping them.
     When she had both of them on, it was time to turn to the bondage.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 17

     The gag was first.  Julie Jackson lifted it toward her mouth but thought
the rubber ball was too big to fit in.  Placing two fingertips of both hands on
the ball she shoved.  Still, it would not enter her mouth.  Pulling it away from
her face so she could get a better look at it, she frowned.  It was not a normal
frown.  It was that frown she used when she wanted some guy to make a fool of
himself doing what she wanted.  Only this time there was no guy there to help
her.
     She tried again, pushing as hard as she could.  The rubber compressed a
little, allowing the ball to pass between her teeth.  The rubber ball was now in
her mouth, filling it and forcing her jaws apart.
     "Mmmmffftt!"
     She had to try it to see how effective it was and she had to admit that it
was quite effective.  Okay, she could grunt a little, but no one outside that
little room would ever be able to hear it.  She could say nothing anyone could
possibly understand.
     As she crossed the room to the mirror, she grabbed the ends of the leather
strap with both hands.  She had never done this before so it took time to get
them buckled together.  She pulled them behind her head.  Carefully she slipped
the working end through the buckle.  Once she had that done, she pulled it.  As
the circle of leather grew smaller, she felt it all about her head, on her
cheeks and the nape of her neck. 
     Getting the ends buckled was another problem.  She fumbled around with them
for a couple of minutes before she get them fastened together.  As she finished,
she kept an eye on the door.  She did that want that woman to come back while
she was still securing herself.  She did not want to appear as some kind of
naive girl who had never done this before.
     With the strap fastened, she could now free her hair.  Quickly she pulled
the pins free, allowing her long, dark tresses to fall down.  Bending over, she
shook her head to insure the strains were not tangled, then she jerked her head
as she flipped her hair backwards with both hands.
     The buxom brunette admired her image in the mirror, moving to one pose
after another.  She would make such a beautiful and sexy slave girl.  She knew
all her friends would be jealous.
     Quickly she made her way to the spot where the chain was on the floor. 
Between the ring and the door there was a velvet-covered pad half a meter long. 
She knelt on that.  They were taking care of her knees.  She liked that.  She
thought that meant they really cared about her.
     She knelt on that pad facing the door.  This put her feet near the ring.
     Fastening the manacles about her ankles provided to be almost as difficult
as buckling the gag in her mouth.  Glancing at the steel device, she realized it
was nothing more than a handcuff.  Well, that would make it an ankle cuff.  She
fumbled around for almost a minute before she managed to get the manacle to lock
on her right ankle.  It took less time to do the other manacle as she had a
better idea what to do.
     After she finished, she realized she did not have a key to those shackles. 
Though her hands were still free, she could not move far from that ring in the
floor.  At least she was glad that her ankles were fairly close together.
     That left the handcuffs.  They were connected to the shackles by a very
short chain.  Again she had to fumble with the steel device, but in a minute she
had her hands cuffed behind her back.
     Once this was done, she could do little more than kneel there to await the
woman's return.  She did not know it, but she could had rolled onto her front,
but that would have gained her nothing.  She would have merely been chained into
a hogtie position.
     She hoped Miranda would not be long in returning.  She really did not like
being helpless like this.  Anyone could walk in and take advantage of her
helpless state.  Okay, there were a couple of guys whom she would like to please
like this, but they were the exception.  This was not like the test.  That had
purpose to it.  This was just something to keep her helpless.
     She rubbed her tongue across the inside curve of the rubber ball filling
her mouth.  She could not call out for help.  She doubted anyone would help her
anyway.  She was dressed and bound and as slave girl....
     The door opened. The beautiful brunette was relieved to see it was Miranda. 
Julie paused in her thinking, then thought that statement again.  It was
Mistress Miranda.  She was nothing more than a slave girl, and this woman was
her mistress.
      "So, tell me, how is it going?"
     With that ballgag filling her mouth, there was no way the buxom brunette
could answer that question.  Rather than make some stupid grunt, she merely
stared at the woman.  She was on control there.  Julie could do nothing.
     "I have a treat for you.  You remember Teresa, the woman you met in the
waiting area?"  Julie could answer that question.  She nodded.  "We have very
strict rules about privacy here.  No one is allowed to see what is happening to
someone else without their permission.  Teresa said it was okay for you to see
what is happening to her.  She has been a regular here for several months. 
Would you like to see what happens to her?"
     Once again, the buxom brunette nodded.
      The woman in the short white dress removed the chains holding her captive. 
The captive brunette did not feel threatened by her own helplessness because the
woman was dressed almost exactly as she was.
    The chains clinked as they landed on the floor.  Julie was free, but that
freedom was to be extremely short though.
     "Keep your hands behind your back.  Lean forward and put your face against
your knees."
     Once in that position, Julie could not see what happened to her, but she
certainly could feel it.        The woman moved her hands about so they were
palm-to-palm.  The rope followed immediately.  The woman looped it about her
wrists several times before cinching it.  She tied a knot, then ran the ends up
to the brunette's elbows where she repeated the process of passing the rope
about both upper arms.  This time she did not cinch these loops, but merely
pulled them tight, drawing all slack from the loops.  In doing so, she drew
Julie's elbows together.  Another knot insured that she could not escape.
     Julie tried to alter the position of her arms, but discovered she could
not.  The ropes were far too tight for her to do much of anything.  She
wondered, at first, why the woman had applied so many ropes to her body.  All
she had to do was to tie her hands behind her back to make her helpless.  She
saw no need for all these ropes.
     At first.
     Looking down, she saw the effect of the body on her body.  By binding her
elbows together, the woman had forced her shoulders back.  The result was
Julie's already large tits thrust forward into new prominence.
     The beautiful brunette watched as the woman crossed the room to the wall
where the ropes had been.   She selected something before returning to her
captive.
     "We do not use collars.  They could be misunderstood.  If you really want
to wear one, we have a special release.  There are a few women, Teresa is one,
that like to wear a collar so they can really pretend they are slave girls. 
Most do not.  It is up to you.  We use this instead."
     She held up a chain leash.  One end went about the brunette's neck.  The
woman attached the clasp on the end to a link.
     "It works like a collar, but it is not a collar.  Come on."
      Julie started after the woman thinking they were going to see Teresa, but
the woman halted at the door.  Without a word to the captive beauty, she
attached her end of the leash to a ring on the wall.
     Julie turned around to watch as the woman walked past her.  She wondered
what was going on.      The woman squatted to pick up the chain with the
manacles and the handcuffs.  She left them hanging from pegs on the wall.  The
ropes were next.  Julie had to wait patiently while she neatly coiled them into
small circles before hanging each from its own peg.
     By then, Julie began to understand the logic behind so many ropes.  She
could feel them on her arms everywhere.  She did not even have to struggle.  The
tightness of her bondage was a constant remainder of how helpless she really
was.
     "Like I told you, we respect everybody's privacy.  That is why you have to
wear this when you are in the hall."
     She held up a black leather blindfold.  She gave no more orders to the
captive, but merely turned her around by grabbing her by the shoulders.  Once
the brunette stared at the far wall, the woman raised the bondage device in the
air and lowered it until it was in front of her face.  Miranda leaned forward to
see that it fitted in place perfectly.
     A leather pad covered each eye.As soon as they were in front of her face,
Julie could see nothing.  When the woman fastened the ends together, the strap
pressed the pads against her eyes.  No light at all could get through to her
eyes.
     Julie was more helpless now than she had ever been in her life.
     And she was totally enjoying it.
     She felt a gentle tug on the leash.
     "Just follow where I lead you.  I will not let you run into anything."
     Julie put her left foot forward.  She hesitated a second or two before
shifting her weight to it so she could move her right foot forward.  Slowly she
moved forward before turning to the right.  She knew she was in the hallway.
     "Wait here while I see if Teresa is ready for you."
     She heard the sounds the woman's high heels made as she walked away.  She
could still feel the downward drag of the chain on the back of her neck.  She
knew she was tethered to something there in the hall.
     They were treating her as they would any slave girl.  She had to remind
herself that she was not one.  She was simply a free woman who enjoyed being
bound and gagged in rather revealing attire.
Miranda returned to her a couple of minutes later.
    "Come along.  They are waiting for us."
     Julie slowly advanced down the hall, then turned left, walked forward a
short distance, then turned left again.
     "Kneel."
     Slowly she brought her left knew down to the ground.  Once it touched, she
brought the right down to join it.  In that submissive position she awaited her
mistress's pleasure.
      Almost immediately she felt hands at the back of her head removing the
blindfold.  When it was off, she blinked several times as her eyes became used
to the light.
     She looked around for Teresa.  A slave girl knelt to her right.  The hair
coloring was not right, this slave girl's hair was lighter, and she appeared
bigger.
     A woman turning a handle on a wall drew her attention in that direction. 
Julie realized her new friend lay on the floor beyond the slave girl with her
head toward the door.  The rotation of the crank shortened a chain attached to a
bar suspended from the ceiling.  A pair of short chains dangled down from the
ends with leather cuffs attached.  Teresa's feet were secured in these cuffs. 
As the woman pulled the bar into the air, she pulled the brunette's feet in the
air.
     Slowly Teresa's feet appeared in sight, followed by the rest of her legs. 
Julie saw she wore sheer black stockings.  She certainly gave the appearance of
being one very sexy slave girl.
     Soon the shortening of the chain pulled the beautiful captive's rear end
off the floor.  Julie noticed immediately that her new friend wore even less
clothing than she did.  She had on a black satin garterbelt to hold up the
stockings.  That was all she wore, stockings and a garterbelt.  (Of course she
wore high heeled sandals, but they could hardly be considered clothing.)
     In a matter of seconds the women had the beautiful brunette spreadeagled
upside down.  Her wrists were secured in leather cuffs attached to short chains,
so when her head was a meter above the floor, her hands were drawn tautly toward
the floor.
     The woman turning the crank continued to work it, around and around,  until
Tersea's body was pulled so taut that she could move nothing other than her
hands, feet and head.  Doing that would accomplish nothing.  She was naked and
vulnerable.
     Julie knelt there wondering what it would be like.
     "You can tell from this position that we can do anything to Teresa that we
want.  Maybe we might want to spank her ass, or perhaps her titties.  There is
no part of her body that she can protect."
While the woman in white spoke, the second woman with Teresa's was pulling the
slave girl to her feet.  She dragged the luscious captive over until her body
pressed against the brunette's.  The mistress stepped around behind the captive
to get at the handcuffs holding her hands behind her back.  Once they were off,
the slave girl kept her arms in the position they had been.  Julie marveled at
the discipline she had.
      A slap on the fanny was the signal the naked slave girl awaited.  As she
put her arms around Teresa's waist, the woman walked around the suspended
captive.  There she refastened the handcuffs so the slave girl could do nothing
but hold on to Teresa's naked body.  She then started back around Teresa so that
once again she was behind the slave girl.
     "Though we could spank her as much as we wanted, there are far worse
torments.  Just watch."
     The woman removed the slave girl's gag.  The slave girl stared straight
ahead until she received another slap on the fanny.  Julie had to admit that she
was one, well-trained animal.
     The slave girl buried her face in Teresa's pussy.
     "Mmmmmm!!"
     Julie saw Teresa thrashing about almost immediately.  She thought at first
that they were being cruel to her and that she did not like this, but then she
realized the young woman had just had an orgasm.  All the slave girl had to do
was rub her tongue.....
     "Mmmmmmmm!!!"
     Julie had never come that quickly before.  She saw from the way her new
friend was flexing her hands that the next orgasm was coming.
     "Mmmmmmmmmm!!!!"
    "Teresa, of course, has been coming here so several months.  This really is
one of her favorite positions.  The rules of the game are that we decide what
happens to her.  There are other positions she finds equally exciting.  And
there are ones that just leave her helplessly tied up.  The choice is ours."
     "Speaking of tied up, it is time to get started with your bondage.  Let me
leave you somewhere safe for a while, and then if you are a good little girl,
maybe we will let you and Teresa play together for a while."
     Julie wondered what the woman meant by that, but with the rubber ball
filling her mouth, there was no way she could ask.
     "Come on.  On your feet."
     The buxom brunette staggered to her feet, unused to moving about with her
arms secured behind her back.
     The woman pulled the blindfold down over Julie's eyes.  "Come along," she
said as she tugged gently on the leash.
     The beautiful captive took a tentative step forward, then another and
another.  When they reached the hallway, the woman grabbed her by the shoulders
to turn her to the left.
     "Just walk naturally.  I will not let you run into anything."
     Julie tried to do that, but found it most difficult.  She imagined with
every step that she was going to run into something, or maybe trip over
something.  While she did walk slowly, she increased her speed gradually.
     "Stop.  Turn left.   This is your room."
    The leash pulled her forward again.  After she took a few steps, hands
grabbed her by the shoulders.
     "Sit on the floor with your legs out in front of you."
     The only way to get into that position (without falling down) was to kneel. 
Slowly she brought her right knee down almost all the way to the floor.  She let
it drop the last few centimeters.  Her left came down quickly to join it.  She
swung her bottom to the side as she sat down.  This left her legs tucked under
her, but she had no trouble swinging them out in front.
     As she moved her legs, the woman removed the blindfold.  Julie blinked her
eyes as she looked around her.  This room was similar to the other (as near as
she could tell).  Perhaps it was a little smaller, and there was a mat she sat
on.
    The woman wasted no time.  Once the blindfold was off, she dropped it on the
floor.  With her hands free, she picked up the first rope.  She passed it
several times about Julie lower thighs immediately above the knees.  After half
a dozen passes, she changed the directions so one end passed between her thighs
and the other between her calves.  As she pulled on both ends, these second
group of loops grew smaller, cinching the first six loops so they dug into her
soft flesh.
     As the woman shifted down toward her feet, she picked up another rope which
she used to bind the buxom brunette's ankles together.  She tied a knot only
after she had cinched the first half dozen loops.
     The woman selected another rope which she knotted so there was a loop in
the center.  She passed it around the brunette's upper chest immediately above
her large titties.  One loop was not enough, of course.  She made four passes
before tucking the ends between the captive's upper arms and body.  She brought
the end together in front where she fastened them with a knot.
     "Now roll over on your front."
     That was not as easy as it sounded.  Julie looked on one side, then the
other.  She saw no way to move gracefully.  She wondered how she could do it
without hurting herself.  She finally pulled her legs up under her on the right. 
Twisting her body to the left, she fell on her left arm.  Because of the mat,
there was little pain.
     Julie discovered she was now staring at a wall.  The woman had given her no
instructions regarding which direction to lay, so she assumed this was
acceptable.  The matter was clarified when the woman grabbed her by the ankles
to spin her about so her head was toward the door.
     Julie tried to look behind her to see what the woman did to her, but with
her long hair, she could see nothing.  While she could not see what happened,
she certainly could feel it.  The woman looped another rope about her ankles and
tied it tightly.
    "I wonder why she is doing that?" the beautiful brunette wondered.  Her legs
were already securely bound.  She knew she could not get them apart no matter
how hard she tried.
     The answer to that question became apparent when the woman bent her legs
back toward her head.
     "A hogtie?" 
    Julie had never been hogtied before.  Okay, she had never been tied up
before.  This was something special.  She had heard rumors from others about the
sensation of total helplessness one got from behind bound in this position.
    The rope about her upper arms and chest grew taut as the woman threaded both
ends of the rope through the loop on Julie's back.  She ran them back to the
captive's ankles where she looped them around several times.
    While she could tie a knot at this time that would leave Julie helpless, she
wanted to do more than that.  She placed her left upper arm on the brunette's
lower shins at her ankles.  By leaning down, her weight pushed Julie's feet down
against her back.  As the high heels touched the captive's arms, she used her
right hand to pull the ends of the ropes, drawing all the slack from them.   By
moving her body just a little, she could use her left hand to help tie a knot. 
When she was finished, she let go.
Julie remained in the position in which she had been tied.  Maybe her feet moved
a centimeter or two up from her lower back, but essentially she could not move.
     "One more little thing," the woman said as she scooted toward the door. 
She stopped at Julie's head.  Without another word to the buxom captive, she
slipped the blindfold back over her eyes. "I will be back for you when they are
finished with Theresa.  It may be a while.  She can take quite a licking and
still keep kicking."
     Giggling at her own humor, the woman left, closing the door behind her.
     The rapid succession of events left the captive beauty stunned for almost a
minute.  Seconds before she had been seated on the floor, now she was trussed up
in a hogtie.  She was gagged.  She was blindfolded.
     "Mmmmfftt."
     Yeah, she was gagged real well.
    Once the surprise wore off, she decided to see if she had been securely
bound.  She began by jerking her feet away from her head.  With each jerk the
loops of rope dug into her shoulders and the lower shins.  After just two or
three tries, she quit.  She knew she was not going to get free that way.
She then went to work on the rope binding her hands behind her back.  She tried
to pull on it, but discovered the rope looped about her chest and upper arms
kept her from doing much.  She certainly could not pull down any further, and
all the ropes insured that she could not draw her arms up toward her shoulders.
     Frustrated at her inability to gain any freedom at all, she began to rock
from side to side.  She ended up on her left side, she ended up on her right. 
It made no difference, she was still as securely bound at the end as she had
been at the beginning.
     She lay on her front when she heard the door open.  Instantly she stopped
struggling.
     "That was quick!"  She thought.  She expected Teresa's bondage to take a
long time.  She expected to remain there helpless for some long period.
     Then a thought occurred to her.  Maybe she had been there a long time. 
Maybe she had enjoyed her struggling that she had completely forgotten about the
time.
     "We have to take you across the hall to a room where there is a device we
want to use with you."
Julie wondered what it was.  She thought it might be something painful.  She
wanted to resist, but did not try as they removed the rope that held her in that
hogtie position.  They did not roll her over, but simply removed the ropes from
her lower thighs and ankles as she lay there.
     "Come on!  On your feet!"
     There was little the buxom brunette could do on her own.  Hands pulled her
to her feet.  About all she could do was not to resist.  (Bound as she was, she
could hardly have resisted if she wanted to.)  She felt a tugging on the rope
about her lower thigh.  Abruptly, the loops became lose and fell away.  Someone
had cut the rope.  The same thing happened to the rope about her ankles.
     "Come along," a woman's voice sounded in her ears.  Hands held her securely
as they pushed her forward.  She sensed they had taken her out of the room.  She
was in the hallway where anyone could see her.  Of course, with the blindfold
on, no one would recognize her.  They thought of everything.
No commands were given to her.  The hands just turned her around.  They pushed
her backwards a meter until she was against something solid.  A projection dug
into the backs of her legs.
     The hands changed positions.  (Actually there was only one pair by now.) 
One had on each shoulder forced her to sit down on that projection.
     "Having fun?"  The woman whipped off the blindfold, tucking it in her belt
for further use.
     Julie blinked a few times as her eyes became accustomed to the dim light in
the room.
     There were three women working on her.  They were all she could see at
first.  They forced her to bend forward so the could free her arms.  Her freedom
lasted only seconds as one woman pulled each arms behind the wood board where
they tied them together at the wrist.  More ropes went about her upper chest,
lower chest, and flat stomach.
     When the women moved, Julie saw that there was one other person in the
room.  A fifth person knelt next tot he door facing the wall.  With her long
black hair it could onl be Theresa.  They had bound her hands behind her back,
and tied another rope between her elbows so they were drawn together.  More
ropes encircled her body, pinning her arms to her sides.  It was obvious she
wore a blindfold.
     "Move your knees apart."
     The projection she sat on was only a few centimeters deep, but there were
two extension flaring out like the letter "V."  More ropes went about her
thighs, one about each lower thigh just behind the knees, and the other at the
top, almost to her crotch.
     "Okay.  Move her."
     Two of the women moved around behind the board.  Julie tried to look behind
her to see what they were going to do to her, but she saw nothing.  Suddenly she
felt the board move.  The part at the top fell toward the floor, while the end
toward her feet rose.  When it stoped moving, her fanny was a little lower than
her head.
     "Here, we want you to be able to watch."
     A woman lifted her head to slid a pillow underneath.  This kept Julie's
head raised so she had to stare between her spread legs.
     The third woman had been busy with Theresa.  She brought the beautiful
brunette over so she kenlt between Julie's legs.  The blindfold came off first.
     The ballgag was next.
     "Tell her she has a beautiful pussy."
     "You have a beautiful pusy."
     "Tell her it is more beautiful than yours."
     "You pussy is much more beautiful than mine."
     "Tell her you would like to reward her for having such a beautiful pussy."
     "I want to reward you for having such a beautiful pussy."
     "Now eat it."
     As she gave that command, the woman pushed Theresa's head forward.  The
naked captive planted her mouth on Julie's pussy and began to explore it with
slow movements of her tongue.
Julie struggled to try to get free.  She felt every rope on her body as she
exploded with one orgasm after another.
     Since she was gagged, she could say nothing, but she pleaded with Theresa
to stop using her eyes.  The captive sensed Julie's sensual submission was near. 
She began to lick faster and faster.
Julie's legs kicked wildly as she came, one orgasm after another.
     She pleaded with the mistresses with her eyes for them to make Teresa stop,
but they only smiled at her.  She saw one whisper in the ear of another.  She
could not hear what was said as she was in the midst of another orgasm.
     Julie pulled violently on the ropes binding her in a futile attempt to get
free.  As she strained against her bondage, she felt another orgasm begin.
     All the mistresses smiled at her.  Though Julie did not know it, she had
passed through the first phase of training a free woman to be a slave girl.  She
would enjoy being bound and gagged.
     Julie threw her head back as far as she could as she emitted another
muffled moan as she came again.
     When they finally released her and allowed her to put on her own clothes,
she found Teresa waiting for her in the waiting room.
     "Did you have fun?"
     A couple of dozen orgasms?  What woman would not have fun?
     "Yeah."
     The two started toward the door. 
     "Are you coming back tomorrow?"
     "I...was...thinking about it."		
     "Would you like to do something with some guys?"
     "Like what?"
     "Sort of what happened to you today.  Only with guys.  Lots of guys."
     The buxom brunette had to think about it for only a few seconds.
     "Okay."
     "I will tell them.  Can you come about two?"
     She giggled at what she had said.
     "Sure."	
     Teresa noticed the hesitation in the woman's answer.
     "What is it?"
     "Why did you eat me back there?"
     The lovely brunette had a look of total surprise written on her face.
     "Why...I had to.  They told me to."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 18
	
     Andrea Anderson knelt on the ground with her legs spread far apart so
anyone standing in front of her could not help but see her pussy.  Though her
head was bowed to show her mistresses how submissive she was, her gaze did not
extend down to her pussy.  She concentrated on her large titties.
     "I wonder how long they can stay like that?" she thought as she stared at
the pointed nipples.  She had lost track long before of the number of times she
climaxed as a result of another slave girl licking her pussy.  That delicious
torment had ended several minutes before, and yet her nipples were still hard
and pointed.  The slave girl suspected it would not take much effort for her to
come again.
     She raised her head to see if any of the Amazons showed interest in her.
She suspected that with more training, her face buried in another woman's pussy
would be sufficient to cause her to come.  Then she would know she was
completely a slave girl.
     She certainly wore the clothing of a slave girl.  The corset, straps and
stockings outline her pussy and drew attention toward her uncovered pussy.
Andrea could not provide herself with any modesty as they had bound her wrists
behind her back.
     She could hardly wait for that training to begin.
     An Amazon appeared suddenly in sight on her right.  With her left hand the
mistress pushed the blonde's head back so her nose was in the air.  This made it
easy for the woman to attach the end of the leash to the ring on the front of
her collar.
     "On your feet, Pussy."
     The buxom blonde staggered to her feet.  She was incapable of any
resistance.  Her entire body was exhausted from the pleasure of having to endure
one orgasm after another.  She hated to see the session in the pillories end. 
Well, she was not excited about having her tongue in another slave girl's pussy,
but it did give her some degree of satisfaction to have her come again
and again because of Andrea's actions with her tongue.  She enjoyed it when her
head was secured in the pillory and one slave girl after another took advantage
of her helplessness.
     She staggered forward at the end of the leash, acting as a most obedient
slave girl.
     Near the gates of the city, customs officials insured that all slave girls
would enter the town were properly processed.  Most of them were from other
towns, perhaps villages, or isolated houses.  A few, such as Andrea, were from
the town itself.  They would be fingerprinted to establish their identities in
case a conflict arose over who owned whom.  If there was data in the files about
the slave girl, they would discard it.  Andrea knew that by morning no trace of
her would exist.  She would be nothing more than another beautiful slave girl at
the end of her mistress's leash.
     Walking with her head bowed, she did not see another beautiful slave girl
being lead toward the same destination.  Even if she had seen her, she would not
have recognized her.  It was Janice, being readied to be taken into town.  It
was getting late in the day, and the Amazons were about to move their most
recent acquisitions into town.
     The Amazon led the beautiful blonde to a processing post.  This was little
more than a wood post four or five centimeters in diameter.  The top, a little
less than a meter above the ground, was padded.  Near the ground heavy steel
rings protruded from the sides of the post.  Laying on the ground beyond the
post was a pair of adjustable steel rods.  Andrea was too interested in the
post to pay them any attention.
     Janice was already in position when they arrived at the post.  The mistress
who secured her handed a small stool to Andrea's mistress.  The woman placed it
on the ground before the post.
"Step up on the stool," she said as she removed the end of the chain leash from
the upper ring on the front of the blonde's slave collar.   "I want your belly
on top so you will not fall off."
     The beautiful blonde was not completely certain what the woman wanted, but
she stepped forward any way.  She leaned forward, discovering that she could
balance her body on that padded top with her head and upper body hanging down on
one side, and her feet on the other
     The Amazon kicked the stool to her right where another Amazon was going
with Cindi in tow.
     Quickly she moved around Andrea.  It was not a good idea to allow slave 
girls any freedom at all, particularly if they were new to the collar.  Bound
and dressed as she was, She could do nothing to regain her freedom.  The Amazon
knew that if they kept a slave girl tethered so she could not run off, she would
be much more submissive.  The mistress ran a chain from a ring on the post at
the ground to the blonde's collar.  After threading the end through the upper
ring, she ran it as far as it would go.  With her left hand she pushed down on
the back of Andrea's shoulders.  When she had the chain hooked to a link, Andrea
could not raise her head and upper body.
     The Amazon picked up the rods, tossing one on the ground behind the
luscious captive before she walked around the post.  On one end of the rod there
was a broad leather cuff.  The mistress looped it about Andrea's right ankle. 
She had no need to lock it.  Andrea certainly was in no position to get it off
on her own.
     The Amazon attached the bracket on the other end to the ring on the post.  
A few adjustments, and she had it locked securely in place. Quickly she moved
over to the other side to repeat the work with the other rod and the blonde's 
left ankle.
     She then stepped back to admire her work.  The buxom blonde's legs were
spread far apart.  In that position her pussy was totally exposed and
vulnerable.  Anyone who wanted to could use her pussy
     Exhausted by one orgasm after another, Andrea quickly fell asleep.  She did
not awake when they took her fingerprints.  She did not hear them admiring the
size of her titties.  She did not hear the merchant taking off his pants.  She
came awake only as she was about to explode in another orgasm.
     "Mmmmmfffffftttt!!"
     She tried to raise her head in the air, but the short chain between her
slave collar and the post kept her from doing that.  Neither could she bring her
legs together (though that would have been impossible since the man stood
between them).  She came a second and a third time.  The fourth and fifth came
almost at the same time and the sixth was not far behind.
     "Mfffftttt!!"
     The man pulled his pants up prior to moving down to Cindi to give her a
"test drive."
     Andrea struggled with her bondage without any hope of getting free.  The
more often she came, the more she wanted to come.
     She stopped struggling and felt relieved when another man stepped up behind
her.  Primed by the machinations of the first, she came quickly.  Again she
uttered a disgruntled, muffled complaint when he was done before she wanted.
     The processing of the slave girls' paperwork was done quickly.  A nominal
fee was paid.  It was time to move them into the city itself.
     Andrea felt them free her legs.  She let them hang down while they removed
chain to her collar.  She felt several pairs on hands on her body as they pulled
it back.  She landed on her feet, but was forced to her knees.
     "Put your head down."
     Staring at her bare thighs, she saw her long, blonde tresses come into
sight as they pulled them in front of her body.  This left the buckle on the
strap of her ballgag free.  Once the strap was loose, they pushed her head back
so she looked up at them.  A pair of hands jerked the rubber ball from her
mouth.
     "Are you thirsty?"
     The blonde nodded, uncertain if she was allowed to speak or not.
     Her blue eyes opened wide as they produced the bottle.  It was something of
a baby bottle, but instead of a rubber nipple, it had a rubber cock.
     "Beg to suck it."
     "Please let me suck it."
     "Show us you are worthy of it.  Kiss it and then lick it."
     Andrea puckered her lips as they demanded and kissed the end of the dildo 
She proceeded to lick it as well.  After she had totally humiliated herself,
they finally shoved it into her mouth.
Andrea felt the water passing down her throat.  The shaft was so far into her
mouth that she had trouble getting it to her lips.  The dildo was very large.
She wondered if the real thing would be as large.  She wondered if Debbie would
ever let her find out. When they decided she had enough, they replaced the
ballgag.  There was more to her bondage now.
     They fastened a harness went about her head.  On each side, a stiff leather
pad
ten centimeters high by eight wide extended forward so the blonde could not see
on either side of her. 
     Someone pushed her head forward so she had to look at the ground.  More
hands attached chains from the harness to the rings on the sides of her collar. 
When they let go, she tried to raise her head but discovered the chains kept her
from doing that  One hand against her forehead held her head up as far as the
chains would allow.  An Amazon attached another chain to the ring
in back.
     They pushed her to her knees behind a kneeling slave girl.  All Andrea
could tell was that this slave girl had long, light brown hair.  If she had
known Janice before, she would not have recognized her now.  No one would
recognize her either.
     There was constant movement on both sides of her.  Instinctively she tried
to look to the right, but found that the check chains kept her from doing that.
She tried to turn her head in the other direction but discovered she could not
do that either.  She could only stare at the ground or the high heels and lower
back of the slave girl ahead of her.
     The time arrived for the coffle to start out.
     "On your feet, Pussies," the cry went up and down the line.  To add
emphasis to the command, the Amazons applied a willowy switch to any captive who
did not respond quickly.  Andrea was almost to her feet when she felt the switch
land on her right upper thigh in back.  She straightened up quickly. If she had
to be a most obedient slave girl to avoid being punished, then that
was what she would be.
     "Move!"
     The switch landed again, this time across her already red bottom.  She took
a step forward expecting to run into the slave girl before her, but that captive
had stepped forward also.
The coffle was on the move.
     In the lead, far ahead of Andrea where she could not see, an Amazon on
horseback led the coffle on its route.  The end of the leash of the first slave
girl in the ring was attached to a ring on her saddle.  (At least Andrea could
see Janice's back.  The first slave girl in the coffle could see nothing but the
horse's behind.)
     The customs outpost was several hundred meters from the city's gates.  Even
walking slowly because of their bondage and blinders, it took the line of
helpless captives just a few minutes to reach the entrance.  The line of
captives passed through the gate and proceeded forward a dozen meters or so.
     As the coffle turned right, the direction of the shadows changed.  Andrea
realized they were now in town.
     She was within the city walls wearing the collar of a slave girl.  No one
would help her.  She knew further that it was even against the law to free a
slave girl in the city.  She knew of no instance where a slave girl was taken
outside and freed.  She would remain a slave girl.
The route chosen by the Amazons was one they often took from the gate to their
headquarters.        The horse leading the coffle could just about find its way
on its own.  If this was a well-traveled route to the Amazons, it was unknown to
the captives.  Two minutes after the coffle entered the town, every slave girl
had no idea where she was. Andrea trudged along behind Janice, going where she
was led.  The idea of resisting never occurred to her.  She was only a slave
girl.
     Something that did both her was the absence of comment by free men and
women.  Okay, they could not see her face too well, but they certainly could see
her long, blonde tresses and her large exposed boobs.  Still, no body made any
comment.
     Of course, what the beautiful blonde had forgotten was that she was nothing
more than another slave girl.  No one would congratulate her on her body.  All
slave girls were beautiful and sexy.
     She was nothing more than another animal to be enjoyed.
     The coffle stopped in the alley immediately behind the headquarters of the
Amazons.  None of the slave girls had ever been there so there was no way any of
them could know that, even without the blinders.
     The first two slave girls were removed and taken inside.  Janice was next
in line.  An Amazon attached the end of a chain leash to her collar and led her
to the left toward the back of the building beside the entrance.
     Now it was Andrea's turn.  The chain that had connected her to the back of
Janice's collar now dangled down between her large, naked titties.  She could
not see it, but she certainly could feel it.       A hand came into sight as an
Amazon seized the end of the chain to unfasten it from the ring on the front of
her collar.  She could not tell what the woman did with it, but almost
immediately she attached the end of a chain leash to the ring in its place. 
That leash hung down as its predecessor had while the woman removed the chain
attached to the back of her collar.
     Once all that was done, the mistress led the beautiful blonde over beside
Janice.
     "Spread your legs, and bend over."
     Once the luscious captive had done that, the Amazon attached the end of the
leash to a ring on the wall a little less than two meters above the street. 
     There was no need to lock it was no matter how hard she tried, Andrea would
not be able to reach it.
      As she stepped past, the mistress patted the captive on her bare fanny.
     "Have fun, Blondie."
     Andrea knew that in this position, anyone standing behind her would be able
to see her pussy.  Her only wish was that some guy would see her in this
position and would available himself of the opportunity.
     Standing next to the entrance to oversee the processing of the
newly-collared captives,       Marlena motioned one of the Amazons over to her. 
     "Get a couple of couriers over here to deliver this two.  I do not want to
have to post a guard to watch them."
      By then the Amazons were leading Gina forward.  Just inside the opening
they pushed her to her knees. 
     The beautiful brunette tried to look around her as they methodically
removed the slave blinders.
     One Amazon grabbed a fistful of hair to pull her head back.  Another pulled
a white satin slave hood down over her head.  It was double-thickness so no
light at all could get through to the captive's eyes.  The word "pussy" was
spelled out in red sequins down the front so everyone would know the status of
the wearer even if they could not see her face.
     The same Amazon who had buckled the gag strap, now pulled the end of a
satin ribbon together to tie them in a large bow.  This secured the cloth about
the beautiful brunette's head so no light could get through.  The bow insured
that it would not come off.
     The Amazons then pulled their captive to her feet so they could loop a
leather strap about her upper chest above her boobs and under her arms.  At one
end there was a large metal ring.  On the other was a chain.  One Amazon
threaded the chain through the ring.  She held the end of the chain above the
slave girl's head to keep the leather strap from becoming loose.
     One Amazon on each side of Gina holding on to an arm pushed her
forward."There is a set of stairs in front of you.  Put your left foot on the
first one.  Good.  Then put your right foot up beside it.  Do not worry, we will
hold you so you do not fall over.  Good.  Left foot.  Good, good.  Now the
right.
     One more step to go.  First the left.   Now the right."
     As soon as the captive was on the top step, the Amazon holding the chain
attached the working end of it to a hook hanging down from a track overhead.  As
the Amazons stepped back, another of their company who had been working inside
came to take charge of the captive.  She needed something to hold onto, and
Gina's pubic hair was easily within reach.  Grabbing a handful of hair, she
pulled.
     "Mmmmmfffffttt!!"
     Gina protested to no avail as her body moved forward.  She tried to keep
her feet on the top step, but the Amazons who had guided her to the top now
grabbed her ankles to pull her feet far apart.  The Amazon who had held the
chain for the captive, now had a spreader bar.  Standing behind Gina, she
slipped it between her thighs just above the knees.  The Amazons let go of her
feet to buckle the strap about the captive's lower thigh.  In second they were
done.
     "Do not dawdle, " the Amazon taunted the captive as she began to pull
again.
     The hook was attached to the track by a bracket with rollers.  The captive
moved effortlessly inside the Amazon's headquarters.
     Marlena stood at the doorway until Jane was brought forward.  Gagged and
hooded, she mounted the stairs as each slave girl had before her.  Before they
added the spreader bar, the Amazon leader attached a nipple clamp to her right
tit.  Jane issued a little moan through her gag, but it was nothing compared to
the sound she made when an Amazon dragged her forward by her pubic hair.
     Dangling down from the clamp with a small card with special instructions.
     Marlena smiled as she saw the beautiful brunette disappear down the hall to
the front of the building.  She had plans for this one.  Jane had all the
earmarking of a born slave.  If she was correct, she would be the first to
acknowledge her new status.
      Gina was thankful they let her go to the bathroom.  They then stripped her
down until she wore nothing but high heeled pumps (and of course the satin slave
hood).
     Unseen hands held hers together, palm-to-palm, while another set of hands
looped a rope about the wrists.  She felt several loops before they were
cinched.  When the final knots were tied, she could not escape at all.
    The Amazons were not content with making her helpless though.  One Amazon
folded a rope in half to create a loop.  Passing it under Gina's left arm, she
thrust the working ends through the loop.  By pulling on it, she secured it to
the captive's upper arm immediately above her elbow.  Running it over to the
right arm, she looped it around once, then ran it back to the left.
      Bracing her body by placing a knee against Gina's side, she pulled, slowly
drawing the beautiful captive's elbows together.  One Amazon on each side began
to push on her arms to help them move nearer to one another.  When they touched,
the Amazon knotted the ends of the rope, then cinched the loops.
     The Amazons pulled their naked captive to her knees.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 19

	Janice stumbled forward after the horse.  She could see little more than its
tail, rump and legs as this courier had fasted slave girl blinders about her
head, prohibiting her from seeing to either side.  Periodically she tried to
raise her head but the short check chains that ran from the blinders to her
collar kept her from doing that.  The leash ran from her collar to a matching
ring on the side of the courier's saddle.  The horse walked quickly, forcing the
naked captive to trot along behind.
     Her feet hurt from the high heeled sandals.  Since only slave girls wore
high heels, she had no experience in wearing them before today.  She wished they
would remove them from her feet but she knew that was impossible.  She was
merely a slave girl.  The little shoes with the high, narrow heel and the little
straps made her legs look even sexier.  No master or mistress would change them
for something more sensible to wear while trotting through the streets at the
end of a leash.  (Of course, there was no way the luscious beauty could remove
them on her own.  A pair of straps secured them to each foot.  Simple buckles
held them secure, but she could not even undo them.  Her hands were locked
behind her back.  After all, she was only a slave girl.)
     Finally they arrived at their destination.  Janice knew that only because
the horse and rider leading her had stopped.  She had no idea where she was.
     She saw movement off to her left.  She wanted to look in that direction,
but the leather blinders kept her from seeing in either direction, and the check
chains kept her from turning her head. The only way she could see would be to
turn her whole body, an act she knew would cause her to be punished.  If she had
to know where she was, a master or mistress would tell her.  If she did not have
to know, no one would say a word to her.  She did not know where she was, but it
was much preferable to being punished.
     Janice was quickly learning to be a good little slave girl.
     Since her bottom still burned from the spankings she received earlier in
the day when the Amazons enslaved her, she would not do anything to warrant
another spanking.
     The leash attaching her to the saddle was removed, but immediately replaced
by another leash.  Hands spun her to the left and forward.  She found the wall
of a building a few centimeters in front of her face.
     Hands removed the blinders but she did not dare turn her head to see who
was there.
     A copper pfennig appeared in sight against the wall.
     "Hold it here with your nose."  The voice belonged to a woman, but she did
not recognize it.
     The beautiful brunette leaned forward to pin the copper coin against the
wall with her nose.  Now, if she turned her head, the coin would fall, and she
would be punished.  With her face that close to the building, she could see
nothing.
     She knew she was in the hands of someone who knew how to control slave
girls.
     She did not hear the courier ride off as all her attention was on the hands
fastening a leather slave hood over her head.  The leather bondage device had a
gap in front where the slave girl's her nose was.  The woman pulled the bottom
flaps under her chin to fasten them with straps.  More straps secured the
leather bondage device to her head.
     She felt fingers pulling the coin out from under her nose..
     "Come on, Slave Girl.  Your mistress is anxious to play with you."
     Janice followed where she was led.  She moved slowly since she could not
see where she was going.  The mistress who controlled her walked behind her with
her hands on Janice's upper arms.  Once inside, she undressed, the slave girl
and dressed again as her mistress wanted.
     Janice's hands were secured in leather mittens that would not allow her the
use of her hands.  She felt someone attach the ends of the leather mittens to a
ring on the back of a leather belt that encircled her slender waist.  Not only
was she helplessly bound, she could not use her hands to protect her bottom.
     She felt the hands push her forward, and then to the side.  One hand on
each shoulder brought her to a stop.  Those hands removed the slave hood.
     "What do you think, Slave Girl?  Are you ready to please?"
     The woman laughed.  Janice had no choice but to please if she did not want
to be punished.
     Looking at her reflection in the mirror, she realized she would never have
recognized herself as the same woman, then free, who had gone to meet with the
Amazons.
     They had her dressed as a French Maid.  The uniform was black satin and
extremely short so her legs, encased in sheer black stockings, were instantly
noticeable.  She wore a half bra that lifted her titties without covering the
nipples.  The low neckline of the minidress allowed most of her titties to her
seen and, more importantly, both nipples.
     While she studied her reflection in the mirror, the mistress formed her
long dark hair into pigtails and attached a little white, lace cap to the top of
her head.
     "Now show you how well you can curtsey."
     Janice's efforts were clumsy and took some work before the woman was
satisfied.  Her training began immediately.  When the first effort lacked grace,
the woman took action.
     "Bend over.  Head up.  Stare straight ahead."
     Whack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     The switch landed on Janice's sore bottom.  She wore no panties, but satin
provided little protection anyway.
     "Now, curtsey again.  That still is not good.  Bend over."
     The mistress's name was Gretchen.  She was neither beautiful nor thin. 
There were few pleasures in life she enjoyed more than taking a beautiful, young
slave girl, one fresh to the collar, and forcing her to mind.  No matter how
well Janice performed, she was still destined for a few whacks on the fanny.
     On the fourth try, the slave girl finally curtseyed correctly.  The
mistress rewarded her by rubbing both nipples between an index finger and a
thumb.  It took only a few seconds for them to become hard.  Knowing what
Shelley had in store for this slave girl, she had to smile.  Every slave girl
loved having her body played with.  This one though would find it to be a
constant source of frustration.
     The mistress walked over in front of the slave girl, standing almost two
meters away.
     "Do you see this?"
     The woman pointed to her crotch.  Janice nodded.
     "This is where you look on every free woman or man who happens by.
Remember that you exist only to bring pleasure down here.  When no one is about,
you stare straight ahead, ignoring everything."
     The mistress still had hold of the leash, but she walked around behind the
captive.  Janice stared straight ahead at the wall several meters away.
     "Come along."  She jerked on the leash.
     Janice had to trot after the woman to keep up with her.  They passed
through several corridors before turning into a room.
     The first thing she saw was the pussy and ass of a slave girl.  The other
captive lay on her back on a bench with her knees drawn up to her shoulders. 
Though there could be no doubt that she was securely bound, she did have some
movement.  Attached to each ankle was a belled strap that jingled periodically
as the slave girl struggled with her bondage.  Though she could move her legs
some, her pussy remained where her mistress wanted it.
     The mistress shoved her to her knees.  Without being told, Janice lowered
her face to the floor.  The toes of a pair of shoes appeared before her.
     "All I wanted was Paulette, but when the Amazons offered to throw you in
for free, how could I refuse?"
      The captive beauty recognized the voice.  It was Shelley, her new
mistress.
     "Come here and say hello to Paulette."
     Shelley grabbed her by the pigtails and pulled up.  Janice let her head go
where her mistress wanted it to go.  Her mistress moved her to the right.  She
then felt her nose being pressed into Paulette's pussy.
     "They tell me you are rather accomplished already, but I wonder just how
good you are.  Go ahead and make her come with your nose."
     The captive brunette moved her head up and down.  Paulette responded by
jerking her body so the belled straps jingled almost continuously.  Janice
discovered that the faster she moved her face up and down, the more Paulette
squirmed.  The ringing stopped as she heard a muffled groan from Paulette.
     The slave girl had come.
     "You are very good.  Maybe you were just born to be a slave girl.  Let me
see what you can do with you tongue."
     The woman removed the gag.  With a hand against the back of Janice's head,
she rammed her slave girl's face into the other slave girl's pussy.  The
jingling of the bells became almost deafening as the brunette's body was wracked
by one orgasm after another.
     "So much for the fun," Shelley said as she pulled Janice's head away from
Paulette's bottom back with her right hand holding a pigtail.  "She still has
not officially submitted to be a slave girl." Shelley pulled the slave girl's
head back so her mouth opened.   Janice could make no response to that statement
as the mistress was already ramming the rubber ball into her mouth.  She pushed
the slave girl's head down so she could easily buckle the ends of the strap
together.  The slave girl would not wear this gag long, so she did not bother
putting it under her long tresses.
     "Up on your feet, Janice.  There.  Now step up on this stool so you can
straddle Paulette's legs."
     In this position, Paulette's body kept Janice's legs spread apart.  At the
same time, Janice's kept Paulette's spread.  The two bare asses were near each
other.
     "Come on, lean forward.  Put your face down near Paulette's."
     For the first time Janice got a look at the other slave girl's face. While
she wore a simple ball gag, Paulette wore some sort of double penis-gag.  While
there was one dildo in her mouth already, another protruded ten centimeters from
the leather strap.  As Janice lowered her face toward the end of the shaft, she
felt her mistress unbuckling the strap of her gag.  She stared at the dildo,
knowing where it was destined to go.
     Shelley jerked the rubber ball from the slave girl's mouth with her left
hand.  Her right forced her face down so she had to take the shaft into her
mouth.  She dropped the ball gag to take the end of a short chain that was
fastened to the ring on the front of Paulette's collar.  Driving Janice's mouth
further down on the shaft, she attached the other end of the chain to the ring
on the front of her collar.
     Janice could not take her mouth off the dildo.
     Shelley next secured Janice's legs to the bench upon which Paulette was
fastened.  One strap over each ankle insured that the captive could not leave
that position.
     "As I said a moment ago, you wear the collar of a slave girl, Paulette, but
you have not submitted.  That is an oversight I intend on correcting
immediately.  But first...your friend Janice here betrayed you.  And while
slavery is certainly just punishment for such a deed, I think a little personal
punishment.  In this position, I am certain you will enjoy every blow."
     Janice began to struggle with her bondage as her mistress moved to the
bottom of the bench.  Bound as she was, there was nothing she could do to stop
the punishment.
     Whack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Janice's fanny was already sore for her earlier spankings.  She did not
need another.
     Whack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Unfortunately, Janice was not in the position to decide whether she needed
another spanking.
     "Whack!!"
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     After half a dozen blows to Janice's red bottomcheeks, Shelley adjusted her
target a little.  The seventh blow landed on Paulette's pristine, white ass.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     "I did not want you to think I had forgotten you, Paulette."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Four blows were all she needed to turn the buxom brunette's bottom quite
red.  The next blow landed on Janice's bottom.
     "Isn't this a fun game now?  Every time I swing the paddle, you will not
know if I am aiming at your bottom or not."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Paulette was willing to be begged to be used as a slave girl long before
Shelley finished with her.  She struggled and thrashed about in her bondage but
it did not good.
     The beautiful slave girls knelt at their mistress's feet to await her
pleasure.  Paulette was first.  She used her tongue to thank her mistress for
turning her into a slave girl.
     When she was done (for the moment), Shelley grabbed the buxom woman by the
hair to pull her head back.  She pushed the rubber ball back into her mouth.
With both hands she pushed her head down so she could buckle the ends of the
strap together behind her head.  She left the strap on top the slave girl's long
hair.  She would not be wearing it long.  Shelley had better uses for her mouth
than something with which to hold a rubber ball.
     "Since I am your new mistress, you know what that means."  She slapped both
thighs.  "I want you right here."
     Slowly Paulette came to her feet.  She stared at her mistress's legs,
afraid of what was about to happen to her there.  She took a couple of small
steps to the side before bending over.  Shelley helped her the rest of the way
so her bare bottom rested on top her thighs.
     Whop!  Whop!  Whop!
     The blows were with an open hand, so they were not painful.  Well, at least
they were not as painful as that wooden paddle had been.
     "Show me what a good time you are having.  Cry and moan and kick your
legs."
     Paulette knew better than to refuse.  The more she struggled, the harder
and more rapidly Shelley delivered the blows.
     Suddenly she found herself back on her knees at her mistress's feet with
the gag out.
     "Now thank me for spanking you."
     Janice knelt a couple meters before Shelley during this exhibition.  She
was quite glad this had not happened to her.  She had already undergone this
ritual once today.
     For a different mistress.
     She now had a new mistress, one who would want to show her who was
mistress.
     She kicked her legs violently as Shelley slapped her bare bottom with her
hand.  The blows continued to fall as long as her mistress wanted to swing her
hand downwards.  Janice pressed her mouth against Shelley's pussy to thank her
for spanking her when she was done.
     The two little slave girls knelt submissively in their bondage as their
mistress disrobed.  Beneath the clothing of a free woman, she wore a lavender
garter belt and sheer black stockings, items more suited for someone wearing a
slave collar.  She wore panties and a bra that matched the garter belt, but she
discarded them on her outer clothing.  They would only be in the way for what
she had in mind.
     "On your feet, Paulette.  I want you standing right here in front of me."
     The buxom brunette was too much afraid to refuse.  She staggered to her
feet.  Three small steps brought her before her mistress.
     "Turn around."
     Shelley removed the handcuffs, but both knew Paulette's freedom would only
be short.  The mistress pushed her to her knees, then maneuvered her about so
she lay on a special bench.  Paulette knew without being told what her function
would be.  Her mistress first fastened a leather strap across her upper chest to
secure her to the device.
     Next she secured the buxom brunette's hands to the device.  This she did by
wrapping a leather cuff about each wrist.  She buckled the cuff closed.
There was no need for a lock as there was no way for the wearer to get the
buckle loose.  A twenty-centimeter long chain connected each cuff to the wooden
base of the bench.
     Paulette could jerk and pull to her little heart's content without hurting
her wrists.
     Next the mistress attached a leather cuff to each lower thigh immediately
above the knee.  She then pulled each knee back until it was level with her
body.  Another short chain ran from a ring on the cuff to another ring on the
base below her chest.
     In this position, the beautiful brunette's pussy was available.  Her legs
were spread wide, beckoning the onlooker to available themselves of her
love-nest.
     Shelley had other plans though.
     Janice was next.  She turned the slave girl so she faced a wood box on the
floor.  It was on wheels, and one end was higher than the other, but to Janice
it looked just like a box.
     Shelley flipped it open with one hand.
     "Get in."
     On the left side there was a groove cut in the side that matched a groove
that was on part of the side still attached to the lid.  Janice stepped forward
and knelt down.  Shelley quickly pushed her into position so her neck was at the
side, her head hanging over the edge. The box was quite narrow so it was a tight
fit.  Shelley secured her inside by fastening leather straps over her ankles,
knees, waist, back and neck.  When she stood up, the beautiful slave girl could
move no part of her body.
     Shelley walked around the box to get at the lid.  She lower it, then
secured it into position by attaching a series of small locks on latches where
the lid and side came together.
     There was no way for the captive to move at all.  This was exactly what
Shelley wanted.
     She slid the box forward so the slave girl's face was directly over
Paulette's pussy.  After removing the gag she turned a knob under the box that
lowered it.
     "Kiss Paulette's pussy.  Good.  Now tell her how beautiful it is."
     "You have a beautiful pussy."
     "Tell her it is much more beautiful than yours."
     "Your pussy is much more beautiful than mine."
     "Now, keep that thought in your mind as you eat her.  You will not stop for
a second before I tell you to."
     Shelley proceeded to fasten a leather strap across the back of Janice's
head to keep her face pressed down against Paulette's pussy.
     By the time she rose and went to Paulette's head, the buxom slave girl was
already on her third orgasm.  She grunted and moaned through the rubber ball
filling her mouth as she came again, and proceeded to start on a fourth orgasm.
     The mistress quickly placed a platform over Paulette's chest that would
enable her to sit on it without restricting the slave's breathing.  Her crotch
was already naked so no time was lost.  Quickly she pulled the ball gag from the
slave girl's mouth.  As soon as she sat on the platform with her pussy pressed
against Paulette's mouth, the slave girl started probing it with her tongue.
     Shelley uttered a little moan as she grabbed Paulette's long dark tresses
with both hands.  Soon she was undergoing her first orgasm.  Paulette was
already working toward her fifth.  Shelley made a mental note (which she
immediately forgot) to punish her buxom slave girl if she came more times than
her mistress.
      The mistress's pussy served as a gag for Paulette to muffle her screams of
pleasure.  Shelley had no such restriction.
     "Oh, yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Oh, yesohyesohyesooooohhhh!!"
     The mistress put her head back as she gasped for air.  Paulette gave her no
respite though.  Before the beautiful mistress had fully recovered, Paulette had
her well on her way to her second orgasm.
      Shelley's bed was a four-poster, and from the kicks on each post, it was
used often.  When she was so exhausted she could hardly move, she released her
slave girls and had them kneel at the foot of the bed, handcuffs holding their
hands prisoner behind their backs, ballgags insuring their silence.
     "On your feet, Paulette.  Stand against the bedpost right in front of you.
This will be your bedpost."
     Slowly the exhausted beauty staggered to her feet.  A half meter from the
bedpost she turned so she faced Shelley.  Carefully she stepped back until her
handcuffed arms were against the bedpost.
    "On your feet, Janice.  I want you to tie her to the bedpost exactly as I
want."
    Janice followed the instructions as her mistress told her how to tie the
buxom brunette to the bedpost.  Ropes encircled Paulette's chest, waist and legs
so she could not move.
     Then it was Janice's turn.  Shelley bound her to the post in the exact
position as Paulette.
     "Now I want to two of you to get a good night's sleep because we have a lot
of work to do tomorrow to get ready for my wedding.  You two will make
beautiful, bondage bridesmaids!"
    The two beautiful captives wondered how they could ever fall asleep standing
upright, but, exhausted from the day's travails, each was soon sound asleep.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 20

     The motif chosen by Debbie for Andrea to wear was black, or to be more
precise, shiny black satin.  That was the color and fabric of her bra.  The
beautiful blonde slave girl stared at her reflection in the mirror as the
whipmistress dressed her.  She had to admit that the color of the bra contrasted
nicely with her titties.  The bra was in reality a half-bra that lifted the
large, supple mounds without covering the pink nipples.  Her titties were ready
to be played with.
     The garter belt matched the bra - at least it did in front where she could
see it.  It was black satin, with black satin ruffles lining the edges.  The
black satin framed the blonde curls of her pubic area, instantly drawing
attention to it.  The black satin panties went on top.  Andrea wondered why
Debbie would want her pussy covered.  She then remembered that a mistress
dressed a slave girl in panties only so she could remove them.
     The stockings were sheer black, and the high heeled sandals, shiny, black
patent leather.
     Andrea's feet were almost able to reach the floor.  The whipmistress had
secured leather cuffs to her wrists, then used chains to suspend her from the
ceiling.  The blonde hung there limply while the woman dressed her.
     The whipmistress made a stunning contrast to the slave girl.  Both were
dressed in black, the slave girl in black satin, the mistress in black leather.  
Where Andrea was a classic blue-eyed blonde, the whipmistress had dark, almost
black hair with big brown eyes.
     The mistress's name was Paula Plankton (though Andrea did not know that). 
She was a loyal and trusted employee of Debbie.  She was responsible for
Debbie's vast stable of slave girls.
     And to be honest, she was more beautiful than some.  Perhaps that leather
collar that she kept tucked in her belt for emergencies would one day grace her
neck.
     (And everyone knew, that if there was anything brunettes hated, it was a
blue-eyed blonde.)
     The whipmistress pulled the black satin gown about the captive's body. 
Like all attire for slave girls, it was designed so it could be put on, or
removed, while the slave girl was bound.  Once she had it pulled together at
Andrea's waist, the woman snapped it together.  This held the flimsy garment in
place while so she could use both hands to pull the material together.  Though
Andrea was slender (in all the right places), the gown was so tight that it was
a chore getting it on correctly.  Occasionally, the whipmistress had to unsnap
part of it to adjust it on the blonde's body.
     Once she was done, she reattached the leather strap about Andrea's ankles. 
A short chain connected it to a ring set in the floor.  Now that she had the
blonde slave girl dressed, it was time to rearrange her bondage.  The
whipmistress turned a crank on a wall.  The chains lengthened, slowly lowering
the beautiful captive to the floor.  Because she was secured to the ring in the
floor, there was no way Andrea could flee.
     The whipmistress continued to lengthen the chain, even when it was long
enough for the blonde to stand on the floor.
     "Kneel," she said.  The blonde's body sagged against the chains as her
knees grew closer to the floor.   Finally they touched.  "Put your face against
your knees."  The blonde leaned forward.  To get her face down where the woman
wanted it, she had to raise her hands in the air.  The whipmistress lengthen the
chain a few more centimeters before locking the crank so Andrea could not turn
it by pulling on the chain.
      She freed the blonde's left wrist first, pulling it behind her back so her
forearm rested on her lower back.  Andrea kept it there when the woman let go.
The whipmistress moved around to the other side of her captive to repeat the
process.
     As soon as both leather cuffs were off, she pulled a leather strap from her
belt.  She slid it under the blonde's wrists and formed it into a circle.  With
practiced hands she stuck the working end through the buckle on the other end.
It only took seconds for her to make the blonde helpless once again.
     She went back to the crank to turn it in the other direction.  With no
resistance it turned easily.  Around and around it went as she drew the chains
up to the ceiling so they would be out of the way.
      She smiled as she returned to the kneeling captive.  Andrea was so
beautiful that she deserved this fate.  This slave girl was her boss's newest
possession, but perhaps she would be lucky and in a few weeks once she grew
tired of her, she would let her employees sample her charms.  Until then, she
would enjoy the blonde by securing her in the tightest bondage possible.
      She drew another leather strap from her belt as she knelt by the blonde's
side.  This one was twice as long as the first.  The actual part she would use
to bind Andrea would be little more than what she used to bind her wrists, but
she needed an extra long section so she could get a firm grip on it.
     She thrust it under the blonde's arms above her elbows.  Quickly she
slipped the working end through the buckle.  She braced her left knee against
the slave girl's back to give herself more leverage.  Her left hands gripped the
slave girl's right arm just below the elbow.  With her right hand she formed a
loop with the strap to give herself a better grip.
     Then she pulled.
     Slowly she drew the blonde's elbows togther.  Her left hand held her arms
in position while her right thumb slipped the pin through the hole.
     Andrea's elbows were bound together, and there was nothing she could do to
alleviate the strain.
     The whipmistress was not finished.  She had not even begun.  The straps
were there no to secure the captive for her mistress, but to make it easier to
get the single glove on her.  The whipmistress pulled it up the blonde's arms to
the elbows.  With Andrea's arms held tightly together from the wrist to the
elbow, she had the blonde helpless.
     The next item, and the true bondage device for the little slave girl, was a
black leather single glove.  The whipmistress slipped it under the captive's
arms.  Once Andrea's hands were in the pocket at the end, she pulled the heavy
zipper from the area of her wrists to the end just above her elbows.  She folded
the tab back down so a small ring fit through a slot.  When she applied a very
small padlock, there was no way the zipper could come down.
     Next she ran the straps from the top of the device over the blonde's
shoulders to insure the single glove did into slid down her arms.  One strap ran
from the right across her back to the left shoulder.  She ran it over the top,
then tucked it under Andrea's arm so she could slip the end through a buckle on
the left side of the single glove at the top.  Once she had repeated the process
with the second strap, this time from the left across the back to the right
shoulder, under the arm to the buckle on the right side.
     The final item for the blonde's bondage was a new gag.  The whipmistress
had an appropriate one sitting out on a counter.  Humming to herself, she
returned the kneeling slave girl.  She first unbuckled the strap that held the
red rubber ball in her mouth.  Without a word of warning to the beautiful
captive, she grabbed a handful of hair with her left hand  to pull the head up. 
Her right hand jerked the rubber ball from the blonde's mouth with one motion,
then rammed a new gag in with a return sweep.
     This gag consisted of a rather large, black leather bag that filled the
captive's mouth so she could make nothing more than muffled grunts.  A thin
black strap held it in the wearer's mouth.  The whipmistress pushed the blonde's
face down toward the floor again so she could fasten the ends of the strap
together behind her head with a snap.  Debbie could remove the gag with ease,
while Andrea could do nothing about getting it out of her mouth.
     "On you feet."
      With her feet still secured to the ring in the floor, there was little she
could do to get up.  The whipmistress grabbed her by the shoulders to haul her
to her feet.  Before freeing the cuffs and chain that kept her in place, she
slipped a black leather blindfold over Andrea's face.  The blonde could not run
off without bumping into everything.  She stood there helplessly while the
whipmistress freed her feet.
      The mistress carried the chain and cuff to the counter.  She was in no
hurry. She knew that with that blindfold on, the buxom blonde was going nowhere. 
She pulled a chain leash from a peg on the wall before returning to her charge. 
She found the blonde exactly as she had left her.
      The mistress attached the end of the chain leash to the ring on the front
of Andrea's collar.  She saw the beautiful blonde slave girl tense as she
anticipated the order to move.  She ordered the slave girl to move simply by
tugging gently on the leash, The blindfold the blonde followed the mistress
where she was led.  She was only a slave girl, bound, gagged and helpless. There
was nothing else she could do but obey.
     Andrea could feel the tight material of the satin dress pressing against
her body.  She knew the dress was extremely tight.  Still, she discovered she
could walk with ease regardless of how tight it felt on her hips and fanny.  As
she toppled down the hallway after the mistress at the end of the proper leash,
she thought about the outfit she wore.  It was tied through the chest and hips
and her bottom.  She felt her bottom cheeks press against the material with each
step she took.  However, the dress allowed her to walk with relative ease.  She
wondered why.
       "So here it is my little present," she heard Debbie exclaim.  She
continued forward in the director of the voice.  She stopped moving forward when
the tension on the least stopped.  A gentle dg downward, told her to kneel.
Carefully she lowered her left knee toward the floor.  As soon as it touched,
she brought her right knee down to join it.  She was on her knees before her
mistress, the ideal position for a slave girl.
     She remained kneeling for several minutes.  She was only a slave girl.  Her
mistress would deal with her when she was ready, and not a second before.
     When it came time to play with her new toy, Debbie leaned forward to 
remove the blindfold from about Andrea's head.  The beautiful blonde slave girl
blinked several times as her eyes became accustomed to the light in the room.
      Andrea stole a glance in Debbie's direction.  Her mistress sat in a chair
at the end of a dining table wearing clothing  more fitting for a slave girl
than a mistress.  The motif was lavender.  She wore a diaphanous lavender
nightgown.   Through the thin material, Andrea could see the dark circles of the
mistress's nipples.  Debbie wore matching panties and a frilly garter belt.
     "I am so glad you could join me for dinner," Debbie cooed.  She extended
her right hand to touch Andrea's left cheek.  She smiled as she did that,
anticipating the pleasure the beautiful blond would bring her.
     First things first, though.  The little slave girl had not been fed all
day. Debbie wanted to keep her healthy so she would be in the best shape to
please her.  Twisting her body about, she pulled a bench out from behind her
chair. Then turning back, she talked a platter from the table and set it on the
bench.
      "Here it is your dinner, Andrea.  In the future, you will have a time
limit in which to eat, but since this is your first meal at a slave girl, I am
going to give you as much time and you need to eat it all."
     Reaching behind the blonde slave girl's head, she unfastened the buckle
that held the strap about Andrea's head.  Her hands then grabbed the thin strap
where it emerged from the edges of the blonde mouth.  Slowly she pulled forward. 
Andrea had to open her mouth as wide as she possibly could.  The gag was so
large that she had a difficult time getting her jaws are enough apart so that
her mistress could pull out the leather bag that served as Andrea's gag.
     Holding the gag in her left hand, Debbie twisted to the right.  With her
right hand she slid the bench forward until it was immediately in front of
Andrea.
       "Just remember.  You can only use your tongue.  Take as long as you need. 
But you had better eat it all."
     Andrea stared at the food on the plate.  She knew that it was quite
nutritious, even though it no doubt had no taste.  It was full of vitamins and
minerals and other good thing that would keep her healthy.  A good mistress
always took care of her slave girls.
      Slowly Andrea moved her upper body forward.  Then she lowered her face
toward the plate.  When her lips were only a couple of centimeters from the soft
food on the plate, she extended her tongue.  Slowly the captive blonde slid her
tongue forward across the food, picking up as much of it as she cried.  She was
right.  The food had no taste.  But she was so hungry she did not care.  She
extended her tongue once again.  This time she moved it faster.  Her tongue
lapped up the tasteless food.  Faster and faster her tongue went.
      She knew there was a purpose to this.  Her mistress could beat her and
make it much faster.  This was part of her training.  Even when she ate she was
in training as a slave girl to help please her mistress.  Every time her tongue
put forward, she was strengthening it.  In just a short time she would be quite
capable of going long periods of time to please her mistress.
     It took over half an hour, but finally Andrea lapped all the food from the
plate with her tongue.  She then raised her head in the air. Debbie was ready
with the gag.  Her left hand was against the back of the blonde head, the steady
it, while her right held the leather bag in front of her mouth.   Andrea opened
her mouth as wide as she could.  Debbie rammed the leather bag against the
blondes lets.  Slowly the leather bag disappeared into Andrea's mouth.  Debbie
then pushed down with her left hand to force Andrea's based toward the war.  The
blonde band forward.  The mistress grabbed both ends of these straps to pull it
together behind her slave girl's head and passing it together.
     "Come here, on then, I want to play with you."
     Debbie held Andrea's shoulders and pulled gently on them.  The blonde came
to her feet.   As Debbie pulled, the blonde captive moved around in front of
her.
     That was when Andrea discovered why she could walk in that tight dress.
Debbie slipped her hands in it to get at her panties.  The dress was split up
the front from the hem all the way to her crotch.  It was seductively tight in
all the right places, but it allowed her mistress access to important parts of
her body.
     She felt Debbie's hands fumble around for the waistband of her panties. 
Once she had them, she pulled down slowly, allowing her fingertips to play
across the blonde's bottom.
     Andrea found herself enjoying her mistress's touch.
     When the panties were at her feet, Debbie helped her to step out of them.
      The blonde slave girl then allowed her mistress to maneuver for onto her
lap.
      Debbie began kissing the blonde's neck.  Her right hand fumbled Andrea's
left breast.  Despite her wishes, Andrea found herself becoming aroused by its
manipulation of her body.  She wondered if it was her destiny to please others. 
She certainly was adopting the traits of a slave girl very quickly.
     Debbie's right hand slid down the blonde's body toward her crotch. 
Andrea's
legs had been slightly apart.  As her mistress's hand approached her love nest,
she pulled them together.
      Debbie reached around the blonde to smack for on the bottom with her right
hand.
      "Bad girl!"  She slapped the blonde's bottom again "bad girl!"  she
repeated.
      The beautiful mistress's hand moved to the blonde's chest but this time it
was not to fondle those large jugs.  Her hands pulled down on the bodice of the
dress to expose both of Andrea's titties.
     "I guess I am going to have to teach you that a slave girl must keep her
legs apart."
      Debbie really had expected this reaction from Andrea.  After all, Andrea's
entire life had been dedicated to keeping her knees together.  Now, as a slave
girl, she was expected to keep them apart for all mistresses and masters.  The
mistress leaned to the right to pick up a tit clamp from the floor.  Her left
arm encircled Andrea's body.  The index finger and some of her left hand gently
gripped the nipple of the blonde left tit.  Slowly she rolled the nipple back
and forth to make it hard and pointed.  Once it had done that, and there was no
way Andrea could keep her body from reacting to this sexual assault, Debbie
attached the clamp to the nipple.  She pulled her left arm back in front of her
so she could get at the blonde's right nipple.  Once it was hard and pointed,
she attached a tit clamp to it.
     "I had hope we could avoid this part of your training, but I see that
simply have to be taught to obey."
     The brunette smiled as she grabbed the tit clamp attached to Andrea's left
nipple with both hands.  Her right index finger and thumb held the wheel that
determined how far apart the wings of the clamp would be.  Slowly she rotated it
to the right.  She stared only at the clamp,  but she heard a whispering from
her new slave girl.  From the look in her beautiful blue eyes, Debbie knew that
Andrea would be willing to do anything to have her mistress remove that from her
body, but she had to be taught a lesson.  Debbie released her grip on the clamp
and grabbed the other she twisted the wheel until it was as tight as the first.
     As soon as she had seen the nipple clamp, Andrew had spread her legs as far
apart as she could in a vain attempt to persuade her mistress not to use it on
her.  Debbie noticed that the blonde's legs were spread, but still wanted to
impress upon her slave girl that she had to obey.
     "You think they are tight enough?"
     The blonde nodded.  They were extremely uncomfortable.  Looking down, she
knew
they were tightened only partway.  Debbie could make them much tighter.  Debbie
could put her titties in much more pain.
     "I do not think so."
     Debbie grabbed the right hit clamp again.  Slowly she gave the wheel a turn
to the right.  She heard the murmur of pain from the blonde again.  She had
chosen that gag on purpose because she knew it would keep Andrea from making a
lot of noise.  It was always the same for a new slave girl.  She had to
experience some pain before she realized that she could do nothing but obey. 
Debbie had some slave girls in her stable that were so well-trained that she
believed she could paddle them without a gag and they would not cry out.  Okay,
she would not do it, but she believed she could.
     "I wonder how many more turns it would take until the clamp is closed all
the way?"
     Andrea grunted disapproval as best she could.  The leather bag filling her
mouth did a wonderful job.  Her mistress only heard a moan.  Andrea shook her
head, long blonde tresses flying from the agitated movement of her head.
      Debbie put her right hand down between Andrea's legs.  She teased her
slave girl's pussy before inserting her index finger.  The blonde reacted as she
expected.
     "You know, Andrea," Debbie cooed in her ear, "I bet I could teach you to
enjoy having those clamps on."  She planted a most sensuous kiss on her cheek.
     The blind shook her head violently as soon as Debbie removed her lips.  She
knew it was true.  She had seen slave girls who had been trained to become
aroused at the touch of a paddle on their fannies.  Why not clamps on nipple? 
Andrea did not want that.  She only wanted to get down on her knees before her
mistress so she could make her come with her tongue.
     When Debbie thought the blonde had learned her lesson, she removed the
nipple clamps.  "I am putting them right over here so I can get them if I need
them. Do you think I will need them again?"  Andrea shook her head vigorously. 
"Are you going to be a good little slave girl?"  The blonde nodded.
     Debbie smiled at Andrea's submissiveness as she removed the gag from her
mouth.  Her left arm encircled the blonde's head so she could hold her face
against her.  Their lips touched.  Debbie extended her tongue into Andrea's
mouth.  The blonde did this same.  She had learned her lesson.  Debbie felt
herself being aroused simply by kissing this blonde slave girl.
     Meanwhile, Debbie's right hand had been playing with the slave girl's
pussy.  She knew that it would not take for want to get the buxom blonde
aroused.  Soon she had Andrea writhing on her lap.  Andrea was just as hot as
she was, probably even hotter.
      In just a few minutes, Andrea found herself on her knees with her face
very between her mistress's legs.  Her tongue performed the same operations it
had when she was eating.  It flipped forward and back, forward and back.  She
felt Debbie's hands on the back of her head, pressing her face into her pussy.
     It was late at night when Debbie was finally satisfied.  She led her blonde
slave girl to her bed.  Andrea knelt at the foot of the bed with her face
against her knees while her mistress went for a new gag.  This one was rubber
with a whole in the center of it.  Debbie pulled the blonde's head back with her
left hand while her right hand held the gag in front of her face.  The beautiful
slave girl willingly opened her mouth when her mistress brought it against her
lips.  She had to spread her lips even further apart then she had with the
leather bag so that her mistress could hit the entire thing in.
     When she got the gag, Debbie also got a spandex slave hood for the blonde
captive.  Once the rubber gag was in the blonde's mouth, she pulled the bright
blue slave hood down over her head.  With the tight hood covering her head,
there was no need to secure the gag in the slave girl's mouth.  The tight
material kept Andrea from pushing it out with her tongue.
     Debbie then removed the single-glove from her slave's arms.
     "Slide back on the bed until I tell you to stop," she ordered.
     Andrea put her hands on the bed to lift her bottom up to make it easier for
her to slide.  She moved back several centimeters at a time until Debbie finally
said, "Stop!"
      Debbie then pulled a thick pad out from under the bed and placed it on the
bed next to the blonde's bottom.  She got on her knees to Andrea's left.
      "Raise your fanny off the bed, and hold it there until I tell you to let
it down."
     As soon as the blonde slave girl did that, her mistress slid the pad
underneath her bottom.
     "O. K..  Now lay back down with your legs spread as far apart as you can."
     Debbie slid off the bed as her blonde slave girl did that.  She started at
Andrea's left foot, attaching a leather cuff to the left ankle.  She ran a short
chain from a ring on the cuff to a matching ring on the bedpost on that side.
Walking around to the other edge of the bed, she repeated the process with the
blonde's right ankle.  There was little slack in the chains though
they certainly were not taut.
       Debbie then made her way to the head of the bed.  After she attached a
leather cuff to Andrea's right wrist and pulled that arm toward the corner of
the bed, she attached the end of a chain to a ring on the cuff.  The other and
of the chain was attached to a heavy wooden beam that ran across the top of the
bed. Debbie then walked around the bed to get to the blonde's left arm where she
repeated the process.
     The beam was suspended by two chains running down from overhead pulleys. 
By working a crank on the wall, the beautiful mistress lengthened the chains.
This, in turn, slowly lowered the beam toward the floor.  As it descended, it
pulled the blonde slave girl's arms out toward the corners of the bed.  Debbie
stopped the downward movement when she had the blonde's body stretched
spreadeagle on the bed.  Because of the pad under her bottom, that part of
Andrea's body was elevated higher than her arms, legs or chest.
     Debbie climbed into bed with her newly-acquired slave girl.  With her right
hand she lifted Andrea's head off the bed so she could slip a pillow underneath. 
She wanted the blonde to be comfortable.  Okay, she was not likely to get much
sleep bound in this position, but Debbie did not want her muscles too sore,
particularly those in her neck and shoulders.  She would need those to please
her mistress the next day.   
    The mistress then snuggled up against the body of her helpless slave girl.
Her right hand moved in between Andrea's legs to play with her pussy.  She had
done this often before so she knew by touch alone just how much to fondle her
without causing her to come.  A few days of bringing pleasure to others without
having any herself would make her even more submissive.   
     Debbie pulled her hand away.  Her right arm went along the left of Andrea's
body as she snuggled closer.  Soon she was sound asleep.   
     While Debbie slept, her beautiful blonde slave girl lay there awake, unable
to sleep in that position.  In the morning she had been a free woman.  Slave
girls used to bring pleasure to her.  But now she was only a slave girl, a
little more beautiful than the others perhaps, but a slave girl nonetheless.   
     She wondered if she could please her mistress enough in the morning to keep
her from punishing her.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 21
     The courier pushed Gina's face toward the wall, so he could place a copper
pfenning under her nose.  This forced the beautiful brunette to stand with her
face so close to the wall that she could not see what was going on about her. If
she moved her head at all, the coin would fall to the ground.  The man did not
have to warn her that she would be severely punished if that happened.
     The first thing in the morning, the Amazon had cleaned her up and dressed
her for travel in public.  This took only seconds.  They fastened a pair of
white, patent-leather high heeled sandals to her feet.  About her waist they
wrapped a flared, pink satin miniskirt.  The skirt was so short that anyone
standing behind her could see her bottom cheeks peeking out from beneath the
hem.  The miniskirt served no other purpose than to be embarrassingly short. 
Having it on would be worse for the luscious brunette than if they took her out
in public bare-assed naked.
     Once they had her dressed (so to speak), her mistresses set her out in the
alley for pickup by the courier service.  The courier came early as the Amazons
were one of the company's best customers.  They always had some slave girl who
needed to be transported from one part of the town to another.  The business was
good so the price was low 	
     Once the courier had the slave girl blinder's secured about the brunette's
head, he added her to the coffle secured behind his horse.  He attached a chain
that ran from the ring on the front of Gina's collar to the ring on the back of
the collar of the girl before her.  With a quick squeeze of the brunette's right
tit, he was ready to go.
     Gina found herself led through town as countless other slave girls had.
Though this was her town, she had no idea where she was because of the slave
girl blinders.  All she could see was the street at her feet and the bare legs
of the slave girl ahead of her in the coffle..  The day before she had been a
free woman, but she had been lured outside the city walls where there was no
protection for a young, beautiful, and voluptuous woman.  The Amazons had made
her place her throat in the slave collar as a sign of submission.  At the time,
anything was better than being spanked.  Though she was still afraid of
receiving another spanking, she wished she had not submitted.  She had no choice
though at the time.  They would have continued to flail away at her
bottom until she gave in.
     Once they arrived at her destination, the courier removed the slave girl
blinders but forced her to stand with her face against the wall.  A chain tether
ran from the ring on the front of her collar to a ring on the wall. Though he
did not lock it, Gina could not reach it to free herself.
     She could see nothing but the brick wall a couple of centimeters before her
eyes.  She had no idea what building this was, or what alley or street she stood
in.  She guessed it was an alley.  She had assumed the normal stance of a slave
girl with her legs spread far apart.  Bent forward as she was, her pussy was
visible to anyone walking behind her.  She heard noise from wagons and
horses (and perhaps pony girls) moving past, but no one fondled her pussy.
     She waited only a short time before a woman came for her.  Before allowing
her to move her face from the wall, she slid a leather blindfold over Gina's
eyes. The tether chain was exchanged for a leash. 
     "Come along," the woman said at the same time Gina felt a jerk on the
leash. The slave girl followed in the direction indicated by the jerk on her
leash. After a few steps, they changed directions.  Gina knew they were going
through a doorway.
     Once inside the woman removed the blindfold.  Gina saw several slave girls
tethered, each naked and bound, some with blindfolds.  All wore gags as a slave
girl never had anything to say that a free person would want to listen to.
     "Kneel."
     She quickly lowered her left knee to the floor, then brought her right down
to join it.
     "Knees apart, head down."
     She shifted each knee a few centimeters to the outside.  As soon as her
head was down against her knees, the mistress threaded the end of the leash
between her legs.  She lifted Gina's feet to bring them together, then looped
the working end of the chain about the spike high heels to hold it taut.
     Gina had to remain in this submissive position with her bare bottom raised
in the air.  She was a slave girl in the presence of free women.  This degrading
position suited her new status in life.
     "So this is the new merchandise Marlena that sent us."
     She heard the sounds of two or three sets of boots on the floor .moving
around her.  Even without the blindfold she could see nothing with her face
against her knees.  She was only a slave girl so there was no need for her to
see.  She had only to obey the orders of her mistresses, or suffer the
consequences..
     "Let us see what they gave us this time."
     Gina realized she was not the first slave girl the Amazons had sent here.
     They removed the leash from her ankles so she could straighten up.  She did
not though.  She knew better than to move without orders.  Her head came up
suddenly when a hand grabbed a fistful of her long, dark hair and pulled back.
The mistress did not release her grip on Gina's lovely tresses when the slave
girl knelt upright.  The hand continued to pull backwards, forcing her face
upwards.
     She heard murmur of approval from those mistresses gathered about her..
     "This is one of the best they have given us," she heard someone say.
     "I might be willing to rent her myself," another voice said.  She heard
laughter.
   "I know she is new to her collar, but as beautiful as she is, I think we
should rent her out immediately.  If she passes the test."
     This was to be her immediate fate.  The others murmured in agreement.  Gina
had no idea what this test consisted of, but she was pretty certain she would
not like the questions.   
    When the mistress holding the leash jerked up, the beautiful brunette came
to her feet.  The mistress pulled forward gently.  Gina followed.  The other two
mistresses moved aside to let her mistress pass.  Gina followed obediently
behind her at the end of the leash.  The other two mistresses followed Gina. 
They did not want to miss this.   
      Gina glanced from one side to the other as she hurried down the hallway
after  her mistress.  She wondered where she was.  The corridor had doors and
slave girls.  Some of the captives turned to look at the two of them pass.  She
saw their arms move as they struggled with their bondage.  No doubt they were
new slave girls who had not yet learned to obey.  Gina had to wonder if they
were newer to the slave collar than she, or was she merely more submissive.   
     Most slave girls ignored the mistresses and slave girl moving down the
corridor.  They faced the wall with legs spread far apart.  Some were dressed,
others were naked.  After the second or third one, Gina realized they wore
blindfolds.  Their hands were either bound with rope or handcuffed behind their
backs.  She caught a glimpse of a short tether chain once.  Gina knew they were
going nowhere without their mistresses' approval.   
     Finally they halted at a door.  The mistress leading her halted so the
slave girl did also. Another mistress leaped toward the door.  Though it was not
locked, she had to struggle to open it.  Gina saw the door was thick as were the
walls.  She was certain this room was soundproof.  A new slave girl could scream
her head off and no one would hear.    
     Gina decided as she passed through the doorway that she was going to give
them no reason to punish her.   
     Gina looked around in terror.  The room held a number of bondage devices
they could be used to convince a slave girl behave. Some she recognized, others
she did not.  All she knew were capable of holding a slave girl in a degrading
position so her mistress could do anything to her that she wished.   
      The mistress led her to a wooden device at the far end of the room.  When
she was at the foot of the device, the mistress turned to grab Gina by the arms
and turn her so her back was against the device.  The woman removed the leash
from the ring on the front of the collar.  As she stepped around behind Gina,
the other two mistresses held her arms at the elbow to keep her a prisoner.  In
second they had the handcuffs removed from her wrists.   
     As soon as her arms were free, the two women holding her arms pushed her
backwards so she lay on the device.  They pulled her arms down toward the floor
where there were many leather cuffs.  The beautiful brunette made no effort to
resist as they wrapped leather cuffs about her wrists and buckled them tight.
Riveted to each cuff was a steel ring.  Permanently attached to the rings were
short chain that connected the cuffs to rings set in the base of the device.
Once the cuffs were secured to a captive's wrists, she could not raise her hands
more than a few centimeters from the floor.  The cuffs buckled in such a way
that the captive could not free herself.   
     The two mistresses came to their feet.  They then proceeded to fasten the
other straps across the beautiful slave girl's naked body.  One strap went
across her upper chest just above those large tits.  Another went across her
flat stomach.  The mistresses pulled the working end of each strap through
buckle so there was no chance that it could come loose, or that the captive
slave girl could escape.  When they stepped back to admire their handiwork, they
had Gina securely strapped down against the top of the device.
     The two mistresses then shifted toward the brunette's legs.  One grabbed
each calf.  In unison they pulled her legs up, and then back toward her head. 
They stopped only when they had Gina's knees against the sides of her chest. 
With one hand each held her legs in that position while the other hand slipped a
leather strap across the back of the thigh.  The third mistress started on
Gina's right, pulling the working end of the strap down so she could thread it
through a buckle mounted on the side of the bondage device.  When she stood up,
she signaled the mistress to  release Gina's leg.  The slave girl's leg shifted
forward a little.
     Humming to herself, the mistress made her way around to the other side of
the device to finish the job.
     Gina looked down at the position they had forced her body into.  Her legs
were pulled apart and back so her pussy was totally available.  She knew that
they needed little provocation to give her a severe beating.  She was, after
all, only a slave girl.  She knew she would be willing to do anything to avoid
having her pussy beaten.
     Gina did not realize that this was their intention.  They did not want to
hurt her.  They merely wanted to insure that she obeyed everything degrading
command they gave her.
      Hands raised her head from the device.  She fell them fumbling with the
buckle at the back of her head.  More hands slid a pad beneath her head to keep
it head raised.  In a matter of seconds they had the gag from her mouth. 
     A mistress straddled her face so her pussy was pressed against slave girl's
mouth.
     "Now to see how good you are, or do you need a little punishment first?"
     If there was one thing that Gina did not want was "a little punishment" so
she quickly thust her tongue inside the mistress's pussy.  She had done this to
the Amazons so this was nothing new.
      Since the mistress's entire life was dedicated to having beautiful women
please her, it did not take this woman long to come.  Her hands clutched at the
slave girl's hair, pulling up to move Gina's face tighter into her crotch.  It
took only seconds for her to come the first time.  The time between the first
and the second was even shorter.  The third and fourth followed quickly. Gina's
tongue was untrained, but it did not matter.  She knew how to please a mistress.
     As soon as she was convinced Gina would perform as they wanted her to, she
dismounted from slave girl's face so another mistress could climb on top.  The
third waited impatiently for her turn.
      The first mistress left the room to pass the word that they were testing
out a new slave girl.  The mistresses always found it fun to test out a new
tongue. A line soon formed outside the door.  In less than an hour, the
beautiful brunette serviced a dozen women.
     The three responsible for determining her fate met in the corridor outside
the room while the last mistress was test-driving Gina's tongue.
     "Perhaps a little training would be in order, but as beautiful as she is, I
think we can start making money on her right away.  Do you agree?"
     The only reply was a pair of nods.  They ran a reputable house.  The
customers would know of the relative inexperience of the slave girl.  Gina would
gain "on-the-job training."
      The three reentered the room as the mistress dismounted from on top the
slave girl's face.  They were only halfway to Gina when the mistress rammed a
ball gag into the brunette's mouth. The rubber ball filled the woman's mouth
though the straps were not fastened.  It was good policy to keep a slave girl's
mouth plugged when it was not in use.
     The three freed their captive from the bondage device, but as soon as they
had her on her feet, they pushed her to her knees.
     "Face against your knees.  Hands together behind your back."
      They smiled with satisfaction as Gina did as they ordered.  She was well
on the way to becoming a good slave girl.
     One mistress formed a pliable rope in half while another buckled the ends
of the leather strap together behind the back of her head.  The mistress then
thrust the loop of rope under Gina's wrists so she could put the ends through
that loop.  Quickly she pulled it tight, then added several more passes so a
total of eight loops of rope encircled her wrists.  She cinched loops before
tying a knot.  She then ran the ends of the rope up to the captive's elbows. She
passed them around Gina's upper arms at the elbow.  By pulling on the ends of
the rope, she drew Gina's elbows together.
     Bound in this position, Gina was even more helpless than if they had tied
her wrists only.  She could move no part of her arms.  She knew she could not
resist as they hauled her to her feet.  A blindfold increased her helplessness. 
The leash gave them an easy way to control her.
     The mistress led the captive beauty into another room where half a dozen
slave girls knelt, helplessly bound, but other than that, ready to serve.  They
all were dressed as sexy French Maids in skimpy black satin costumes.  Gina cast
a quick glance across the group and decided that not a single one of them was as
beautiful as she was.  She was not surprised that they functioned as maids.
       The mistress jerked down on the leash, signaling the slave girl to kneel. 
The captive lowered her left knee to the floor, then brought her right down to
join it.  The mistress removed the leash from the front of the slave collar, but
reattached it to the ring in back.  After passing the working end around the
slave girl's ankles, she attached the end of the leash to one of the links. 
This forced the beautiful brunette to remain kneeling.  If she tried to move at
all, she would likely end up on her front in a hogtie with the leash from her
ankles pulling on the collar.
     Another mistress had already begun freeing the French Maids.  When she was
done, she snapped her fingers.  They bounded to their feet and went to work.
     They cleaned Gina off and applied makeup.  Her lips were made Ruby red. 
Eyeshadow and mascara were added.  Gina could not see what they did to her, but
she felt certain that they were making her even more beautiful and she had been.
     With so many slave girls working on her at once, it did not take them very
long to finish with her.  Once each was done, she returned to her place in the
line where the mistress reapplied her bonds.  In just a few minutes, Gina knelt
by herself again.
     The mistress who had brought her to this room had waited patiently to the
side while the little slave girls went about their mindless tasks.  When they
were done, she returned to the beautiful brunette.  She moved the leash around
to the ring on the front of the collar, and used it to lead her from the room.
     In the center of the next room there were a number of carts with a pair of
posts, one on each side.  The mistress led her toward the last in line.  She
stepped over the cart, forcing Gina to follow.  She stopped the slave so she
stood on the cart between the posts.  Before the mistress removed the leash, she
bent over toward the post on the right.  Gina tried to look to see what the
woman did without being obvious about it.  She saw nothing.  When the woman
straightened up, she had in her hand a chain that ran from a ring on the post
about a meter and a half above the cart.  She attached the end of the chain to
the ring on the left side of the brunette's slave collar.  She bent over in the
other direction.  In seconds she had the slave girl tethered between the two
posts.  Only then did she remove the leash.
      Once again Gina was helplessly tethered.  She could not move from that
spot on the cart.
      Without a word to the captive, the woman left the room.  Gina turned her
head to watch as much as she could, but the collar and chains insured that she
could not see behind her.
     She was alone for only a few minutes.  At no time did she struggle with her
bondage.  She knew she would not be able to escape, and would be punished for
trying.
     "Let me see what kind of goods we have here."
     The voice came from behind her.  She did not recognize it.  To the voice
was added a figure as a new mistress moved around in front of her.  Gina
continued to stare straight ahead, but at the same time looked at her mistress
out of the corner of her eye.  She did not recognize her.
     Without another word, the woman reached up with both hands to fondle the
beautiful woman's right tit.  Thumbs and index fingers massaged the nipple until
it was hard and pointed.  The mistress been turned her attention to the other
tit.  She laughed as Gina had to close her eyes.  She knew the beautiful slave
girl was becoming aroused.
     As suddenly as she had begun this sexual assault on the captive, the
mistress stopped.  She could tell by the strange look in Gina's eyes that she
wanted her to continue.  Smiling politely, she patted the naked slave girl on
her right tittie.
     "If you are a good little slave girl today, maybe you will get some
tonight. Keep thinking about that.  Of course, if you are a bad little slave
girl, well, you would be surprised how much spanking the female behind can
take."
     Without a word she disappeared behind the slave girl again.  Gina stood
there naked for only a couple of minutes before the mistress returned with two
slave girls.  These also were dressed as French Maids.  While the mistress stood
there with her arms folded across her chest to approve their work, they changed
her bondage.  They freed her arms from the ropes but immediately attached
leather cuffs to them.  They ran a chain from a ring on each cuff to ring on the
top of the post this forced the beautiful brunette to stand there with her arms
held out from her body, her hands level with her eyes.
     The French Maids then attached leather cuffs to Gina's ankles.  They began
with her right leg.  One threaded a chain through the ring on the cuff.  While
she pulled it to the right toward the post, the other French Maid lifted her
foot in the air..  When the first slave girl hooked the end of the chain to one
of the links, the beautiful brunette had to stand with her right  foot raised
several centimeters off the surface of the cart.  As long as the spike high heel
was, it still would not reach the surface of the cart.
     The two then turned their attention to her left leg.  They pulled it to the
left, raising it in the air. One held it there while the other threaded the
chain through the ring. When they were done, the beautiful captive was bound
spreadeagle between the two posts.
     They were not content to stop at binding her in this helpless position. 
One went to each post.  By working levers, they shortened the chains to her
wrists.  They stopped only when Gina's body was spread so taut that she could
move nothing but her hands and her head.
     As soon as they were done, the two French Maids knelt on the floor facing
the door. They lowered their faces to their knees and put their hands behind
their backs.  The mistress attached a pair of handcuffs to their wrists.  When
she snapped her fingers, the two raised their heads until their backs were
straight.  Each held her chin in the air so the mistress could attach the end of
a leash to each collar.  The mistress said nothing but jerked up on the leash
when she was done.  The slaves girl came to their feet, and followed their
mistress from the room.
     Gina, of course, saw none of this.  Even if she had dared to turn her head
to see what happened behind her, she would have been unable to see anything as
her long hair would have been in the way.
     She did hear the sound of the slave girls' high heels clicking across the
floor as they left the room. She knew the mistress had led them away.  Once
again she was alone.  She wanted to try to escape you that was impossible.  She
simply could not struggle into position.  Her bondage was too tight.  She was
helpless.
     The mistress returned in a few minutes leading two more slave girls.  Gina
tried to turn her head to look at them but could not.
     The head of each was encased in an leather slave hood.  The arms of each
were encased in leather, so their hands were against the opposite elbow. Except
for black, satin garter belts, sheer black stockings, and black patent leather
high heeled sandals, they were naked.
     Gina jerked her head to try to get her hair out of the way but still could
see nothing.  She heard the sounds of their high heels as they moved around.
     The mistress turned them about so their backs work toward the right side of
Gina's cart.  She controlled them by means of leash run to the rings on the
front of their collars.  She held both leashes in her left hand.  In her right
she held a switch which she used to prod the naked captives into the correct
position.
      When she had them where she wanted them, she jerked down on the leashes. 
The two fell to their knees.  There was no grace in the downward movement.  They
were being used as beasts of burden as a punishment.  They knew the mistress
would not hesitate to punish them.  Where they knelt, the soles of their shoes
almost touched the side of the cart.
     The mistress fastened a broad leather belt about the waist of the slave
girl on the right.  Riveted to it in back was a large ring to which was
permanently attached a chain.  She ran the chain to a ring on the corner of the
cart.
     Moving around to the other side, repeated the process with the slave girl
on the right.  When she finished, she linked them together by a chain about half
a meter.
     She then turned her attention back to Gina.  The beautiful captive watched
as her mistress moved around in front of her.  For almost a minute she stood
before her, hands on hips.  Without a word, she then moved behind her.  She felt
the cart move as the woman stepped on it behind her.  She felt both woman's
hands on titties.
     "I hope these girls are staying hard and pointed," she said as she fondled
the nipples "I know you are inexperienced but we want the customers to think you
really enjoy this."
     It cannot take along for them to become hard again as the mistress knew
what to do.  Gina put her head back and closed her eyes.  She was sheer torment
being aroused, and then not being able to do anything about it.
      Chuckling to herself, the mistress drew her hands away.  Gina was sorry
that she stopped. Were it not for the gag filling her mouth, she would have
begged for the woman to continued  She was only a slave girl though, she had no
say in what happened to her.
     She felt something about her neck.  She tried to look down, but could not
because a piece of leather was digging into her chin.  The mistress had wrapped
a another collar about her neck,   one that  went on top the regular slave
color.  The woman brushed the slave girl's long, dark hair out of the way before
buckling it together on the side.
     Gina tried to turn her head when the mistress stepped away.  It was then
that she realized this was a posture collar.  With it on, all she could do was
stare straight ahead.
     The mistress brought her hands back to Jean's titties again.  She fondled
them for a few seconds, before letting her fingers play across the naked slave
girl's body.  In a matter of seconds, they were at her crotch.  Having aroused
the slave girl by playing with her titties, the mistress only had only to play
with her pussy for the few seconds before she brought her on the verge of an
orgasm.
     Chuckling to herself the mistress jumped off the car.  This slave girl
might be more beautiful than most, but her body functioned like the rest of
them. She knew it would not take them long to convince Gina that she was meant
to be a slave girl.
     Being forced to stare straight ahead, Gina could not see the mistress use
the switch the switch on the kneeling slave girls..  She could hear however when
it struck flesh.
     Crack!  Crack!
     The hooded slave girls made muffled sounds through the leather.  They
struggled to their feet.  When the mistress struck them again, they pulled the
cart after them
     Crack!  Crack!
     Slowly they drew the cart across the room toward the doors.
     Gina had not realized, but there were tracks set in the floor.  The
mistress use the switch to guide the slave girls along the track from the center
of the room where Gina had been bound to the cart, to the door.
     Crack!  Crack!
     Their left the room and proceeded down the corridor.  In a matter of
minutes they reached a room where there were several other carts with slave
girls battle just as Gina was.
     The beautiful brunette could not see this however, as she was forced to
stare straight ahead of the wall.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 22

     Gina remained spreadeagled in the corridor for several minutes with no one
paying any attention to her.  Sure, she was an incredibly beautiful and sexy
slave girl, but there were many of them around.  The senses could absorb only so
much naked beauty before becoming immune to it.
     Since she stood on the cart with the posture collar on, she could only
stare straight ahead.  She saw the tops of the heads of people walking past, but
she could not lower her gaze enough to see their faces.  She could tell it was a
mistress, by the bun on the back of her head, or if it was a French Maid, by the
dainty, white lace cap pinned to the top of her head.  The only slave girls she
saw were French Maids.  The remainders, slave girls like her, were bound on
carts.
     This was her world.
     She was only a slave girl.
     Other carts were added to the line to her right though she could only tell
by the sounds, not by seeing them.  When it was about time for the house to
open, a new set of mistresses maneuvered the carts into position side-by-side. 
They could bring forward any carts to the main line that ran along the edge of
the room and out into the corridor.
     Gina had no knowledge of this.
     She was only a slave girl.
     She learned a little of the arrangement of carts when the pair of hooded
slave girls dragged her cart forward.  They started forward then turned to the
left to follow the track out of the room.  If a mistress thought their work was
not up to the standard, they could expect to receive a swap across the bare
fanny with a switch.  Crack!  Crack!  Crack!  Crack!  It did not matter whether
the
slave girl was the performing adequately or not.  It was up to their mistress to
decide if they deserve a slot.  Crack!  Crack!
     The house had a hierarchy with its slave girls.  Gina, and the other
beautiful and sexy slave girls like her, were at the top.  Their sole function
was to please.  Next came the French Maids.  They served their mistresses by
serving the slave girls.  On the bottom were the hooded slave girls who were
little more than beasts of burden.  Sure, most of them were quite beautiful and
quite sexy, but some infraction had caused their decline to this level of
service.
     The cart holding Gina continued across the side of the room to the opening
to the hall.  From the doorway, it was a short journey down the corridor to an
exhibit room.  In route, they passed another car coming back in the other
direction.  On it was a slave girl whom they had examined and rejected.
     There was no stigma in being rejected.  The decision belonged totally to
the woman who wanted to rent the slave girl.  Each woman had her own tastes, her
own preferences, her own whims of the movement.
     Now it was Gina's turn to be exhibited.
     They turned from the corridor through the opening into the exhibition room.
     "This is one of our latest acquisitions.  She is new to her collar, but as
beautiful as she is, we know she can please you."
     Gina knew she was on display.  Some free woman would pick and choose which
slave girl she would want to please her.  The day before when she was a free
woman, Gina would have done something like this.
     Now she was only a slave girl.
     She existed only to bring pleasure to others.
     Wearing the leather posture collar, Gina could not see who was inspecting
her body.  There was no need for her to know, because she was only a slave girl.
The mistress would choose whomever she wanted.  The choice was not Gina's.  All
she could do was hope she was beautiful enough and sexy enough to please
     She heard the customer walk slowly to her left.  Not a word was said.  The
customer continued around behind her, then to her right, before ending
immediately in front of her again.
     "I think I'll try her out."
      Gina tried to jerk her head down but the leather posture collar keep her
from doing that.  She did not have to see to know who it was.  It was Delores! 
The woman who had to trade heard the day before, was now about to rent her body
to please her.
     As soon as Delores said that, the mistress flicked a switch against the
bottoms of the two slave girls at the end of the cart.  They started forward,
pulling the cart with Gina on board from the room.  The beautiful brunette tried
to look back, and tried to hear what was in store for her.  Nevertheless, they
had her through the door and into the corridor too quickly.
     They dragged the cart down the corridor until a mistress direction the
slave girls to the left by flicking a switch against their bare fannies.  Gina's
eyes moved about quickly as she tried to figure out what was about to happen to
her next.
     This was a dressing room with several mistresses and many French Maids. 
The French Maids would dress the slave girl in whatever manner the customer
wanted.
     The mistresses stood by with paddles in case any French Maid wanted to
cause trouble.  There never was any, but there was no sense in leading any slave
girl thing she could resist.
     They also told the French Maids what attire to get for the slave girl.
     The French Maids swarmed all over Gina on the cart.  In a matter of seconds
they had removed the leather cuffs and chains, but Gina's freedom was momentary. 
Two French Maids holding each arm pulled her hands behind her back.
     Another French Maid attached a pair of handcuffs.  A sixth stood in front
of the beautiful slave girl as soon as they had the leather posture collar off.
This French Maid attached one end of a chain leash to the front of the collar,
and used it to read Gina across the room.
     Two French Maids waited for Gina in an alcove.  When the French Maid
leading her halted, one of them reached behind the naked slave girl to removed
the handcuffs.  As she brought her arms forward, one grabbed her left arm and
began pulling it toward the ceiling.  The beautiful brunette looked up and saw a
set of cuffs dangling down from chains.  By then the other French Maid had her
right arm.  She pulled it up in the air as Gina's left wrist was being buckled
into a cuff.  In a matter of seconds they had her bound with her arms over her
head.
     One French Maid went to a crank on the wall.  After unlocking the device,
she turned the handle several time.  The chains grew shorter, drawing her arms
in the air.  When the French Maid locked the device, Gina's feet were dangling
several centimeters above the floor.
     When the instructions from Delores arrived, a mistress told a French Maids
what to get for the beautiful brunette.  She pulled it from the clothes rack and
took it to the two responsible for Gina.
     As with all slave girl clothing, the items for Gina were made so they could
be put on, or taken off, a slave girl while she was helplessly bound.
     The first item was a pink, satin garter belt with frilly, white lace
ruffles along the edges in front.  The stocking were flesh colored.  The panty
briefs were pink satin.  They matched her the color of her high-heeled sandals.
     The minidress was sheer pink so think it was evident she was wearing
nothing beneath it.
     One French Maid returned to the crank to lower Gina so she could stand on
the floor.  This was not for her benefit, but so the French Maids.  The first
thing they did was to form her long, dark tresses into a pair of pigtails on the
sides of her head above and slightly forward of her ears.  A rubber band held
her hair in place.  A leather sheath ten centimeters long caused it to stick out
that distance from her head before falling down.  Circular bells dangled down
from the outer edges.
Gina knew that they had put her hair in pigtails to make it easier for Delores
to control her head.  She could hold each leather sheath to manipulate the slave
girl's head as she wished.
     The French Maids had a new gag for her, a pink rubber ballgag that matched
the pink of her outfit.
    She looked exquisite.
    The final item was a blindfold that bulged over the eyes so it kept the
slave girl from seeing without messing up her makeup.
     As soon as the French Maids finished with the slave girl, they raced over
to one of the mistress.  Spinning about, they dropped to their knees with their
faces against their knees and their wrists crossed behind their backs.
     When the slave girls were in position for binding, a mistress moved along
behind them, bending over to wrap a cord around the crossed wrists of each
woman.
    Another mistress soon went to work on Gina.  While many slave girls were
secured with handcuffs, Delores had requested that this beautiful brunette have
her hands tied with cord.  The request was no unreasonable, and for that matter,
not uncommon.  The mistress freed Gina's right wrist from the leather cuff and
pulled the hand down behind her back.  Quickly she tied one end of a cord to her
wrist. "Keep it there," she ordered.  Gina knew better than to disobey.  The
mistress then freed the captive's left wrist.  Pulling that hand behind her
back, she placed it so Gina's wrists were together, palm-to-palm.
     Running the working end of the cord about both wrists, she secured them
together.  Before tying a knot, however, she passed the end between the
brunette's arms and hands to cinch those first few loops.  This drew all slack
from the loops, insuring that the cord would not come loose.  Only then did she
tied a knot.
      Selecting another cord from the vast array available to her, the mistress
doubled it over so the ends were together.  Thrusting the resulting loop under
Gina's left arm, she pushed the ends through the loop.  By pulling on them, the
cord became tight about the slave girl's upper arm at the elbow.  The mistress
ran the ends around the right arm at the same level, then back to the left.
Once she had half a dozen passes completed, she was ready to add to Gina's
helplessness.  She grabbed the brunette's left arm with her left to brace
herself.  With her right arm she pulled.  The cord slid through the loop,
drawing the captive's arms together.  When the mistress finally tied a knot, she
had the luscious captive's elbows touching each other.
     She then attached one end of a leash to the front of her slave collar.
    A gentle tug on the leash told the beautiful brunette to follow.  She
trotted along behind the leather-clad mistress from the room, down the hall, and
into another room.  The beautiful Burnett had been moving with her eyes cast
down, totally embarrassed by her attire and status in life.  Once in the room
though, she looked around to see if Delores were there.  She was not, at least,
not yet.
     In the center of the room there was a four-poster bed.  The mistress led
Gina to one post at the foot of the bed.  She indicated for her to kneel by
jerking down once on the leash.  The beautiful brunette lowered her left knee to
the floor, then her right.  She stared at the floor before her knees.  She was
learning what it was like to be a slave girl.
     She did not have to look up to know that her mistress was attaching the
other end of the leash to a ring on the bedpost.  When she had done that, the
mistress left the room.
     Gina waited until she heard the door close before looking up.  There was
little to see in the room.  There were only the bed and a mirror.  She wondered
if it was a two-way mirror, so others could watch as she brought pleasure to
others.  She was afraid that they would be watching her performance, but the
more she thought about it the more she hoped that someone would be watching so
they could tell just how good she actually ways.  Maybe if they realize that she
was willing to be a good little slave girl, they would not punish her.  For a
few seconds she even deluded herself into thinking that if she were extremely
good, they might even free her.
     She was only a slave girl.  No one ever freed a slave girl.  In fact, there
was a serious fine for committing  such a felony.  No fine had ever been paid. 
No slave girl had ever been released.
     The kneeling brunette looked at the chain that kept her tethered there. 
She could feel the weight of it pulling down on the leather band about her neck. 
It dropped down several centimeters before flattening out for another ten or
fifteen.  It rose to the ring on the bedpost.
     She knew the ring was screwed securely into the wood so she could not pull
it out or break the chain.  She knew that if she stood up she would discover the
ring was too far above the floor for her to reach with bound hands.
     She was a helpless slave girl.
    Gina jerked her head around as the door opened and Delores walked in.  She
smiled at the kneeling slave girl as she closed the door behind her.
     "Beautiful Gina on her knees, bound and ready to please.  This is what I
was always hoping for.  I hope you are half as good as your body says it will
be."
     At the bedpost, she removed with the end of the leash from the ring with a
simple flip of her hand.   Jerking up on it slightly, she indicated that the
beautiful brunette should come to her feet.
     Gina placed her left high heeled foot on the floor and pushed up.  She
staggered a little as she  tried to come to her feet.  She had not realized how
hard it was getting around in shoes with ten centimeter spike high heels, but
she gets she would have lots of experience before the day was over.
     By the time she had come to her feet, Delores was seated on the bed.  Using
the leash she brought Gina over so their knees were touching.  Gina realized
that this was not the proper position for a slave girl so she moved her feet
apart about a meter.
     "Oh, a hot, little slut, aren't you? First things first though.  Kneel."
     One the beautiful slave girl had her neck level with the mistress's knees,
Delores leaned forward to unhook the end of the leash from Gina's cold until I
tell you to stop."
     The mistress spread her legs apart so Gina could do as she ordered.  The
lovely captive moved her feet forward centimeter by centimeter until she heard
the command, "Stop."
     Between Delores's legs, she could not spread her legs.
    That suited Delores fine as she reached under Gina's short skirt with both
hands.  The beautiful slave girl felt fingers grabbing the panties near the
elastic waistband.  Slowly the woman drew the flimsy garment down until it was
below the rounded cheeks.  Delores's hands then returned to grab the brunette's
tender buns.
     "Oh, these feel so soft and warm.  I bet you took a lot of spanks before
you even felt it."
      Gina then realized what the woman had in store for her.  She remembered
the old saying that the only reason to put panties on a slave girl was to take
them off her.
     "Turn around and bend over."
      By doing this, she allowed the woman to inspect her fanny more closely.
     "Straighten up, then kneel."
     As her head went into the air, her left knee went toward the floor.  As
soon as it touched, she brought her right down to join it.
     She immediately felt Delores tugging at the strap that held the ball gag in
her mouth.  Once she had it undone, she pulled back on the slave girl's head so
she had to look up.  This made it easy for her to pull the rubber ball from the
captive woman's mouth.
     "On you feet.  Then turn around. I want your fanny right here," Delores
said as she slapped her thighs.Delores intended to spank her, and Gina knew
there was nothing she could do about it.  As a slave girl, she existed only to
please others.  If it please Delores to spank her, then she would be spanked.
     Slowly she moved forward.  She lowered her body forward.  In a matter of
seconds she lay across the woman's legs.
     "Oh!  I can see that your fanny is still red from yesterday.  You know, as
beautiful as you are, I thought you would learn your lesson much faster.  I
thought the few whacks on the bottom would convince you that the woman as
beautiful as you has to be a slave girl."  She chuckled through herself.  "I had
hoped to have pristine white bottom here to spank, but it is still a delicious
shade of red.  Since you disappointed me, I guess that means extra punishment
for you."
     Gina wanted to respond but did not.  It was not her fault that her bottom
was still red.
     "Every time I give your bottom a slap, you will announce what number that
was.  You will then thank me for spanking you, and then you will beg me to spank
you harder.  Let us begin with you begging for a spanking."
     "Please, Mistres, please spank me.  Please spank me."
     Smack!
     "One.  Thank you for spanking me.  Please spank me again."
     This continued as long as Delores wanted.  She let the slave girl slide off
her lap and onto the floor.  In second Gina had her beautiful face between the
mistress's legs, her tongue extended as far inside her pussy as she could reach.
     Gina was quickly learning what was expected of her as a slave girl.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 23
     Early morning in the city saw few people on the streets.  There were
exceptions, of course.  Some people had to go to work to see that the shops were
ready for customers.  Others were herding coffles of slave girls down streets to
the places where masters and mistresses would await their charms.
        One wagon moved slowly down the street drawn by a pair of horses.  On
each side, a sign announced it belonged to "Mandy's Merry Maids."  Had someone
cared enough to look closely in back, they would have seen four French maids in
pairs, kneeling so they faced each other.  Short tether chains ran between their
collars.  Since there was no need for them to see where their mistresses were
taking them, each wore a black leather blindfold (that matched their black satin
maids' outfits).  Ballgags insured their silence.  Steel cuffs secured hands
behind their backs.  Manacles ran from their ankles to rings set in  the bed of
the wagon so they could not flee.
        Why bother cleaning your own house or apartment when there were
literally thousands of slave girls out there who would love to clean it for you?
Well, perhaps the choice was that they either clean it or get a severe spanking.
And if they did not do a good job?  An even harder spanking was in store for
them.
        The service always was good, regardless of which company you employed.
        One or two French Maids were usually enough to clean a small house or
apartment.  So why four?
        One mistress drove the wagon while two more sat in back.  They looked
bored, as they were.  Movement this way was tedious, but necessary to maintain
the subterfuge.  Mandy's Merry Maids was merely a dummy organization used by the
Amazons to carry out their nefarious plots against nubile and voluptuous
females.
        Kat pulled back on the reins, signaling the horses to stop.
        "We have arrived."
        Mindy and Lauren came to their feet in back.  Mindy stepped toward the
back of the wagon to let the gate down.  She them jumped down to the street. 
Lauren followed, but stopped at the last slave girl on the left.  She removed
the tether chain before unlocking the handcuffs.
        "Move."  She nudged the kneeling slave girl with the toe of her right
boot.
        The slave girl turned to her left and started crawling forward on her
knees.
        "Stop."
        Mindy took over from there.
        "Sit down."
        The slave girl lowered her bottom to the bed of the wagon and stretched
her legs out in front of her.  She legs hung over the edge.  Mindy grabbed her
by the waist to set her on the ground.  She maneuvered her about so she stood
next to the sideboard of the wagon where there was another ring.  She ran a
tether chain from the slave girl's collar to that ring.
        Each slave girl left the wagon in that manner.  In a couple of minutes
the two had them chained up in a coffle, the following three slave girls
tethered to the slave in front of her.
        Each Amazon tucked coiled ropes in their belts.  Lauren tore off a piece
of adhesive tape that was a quarter of a meter long.  Mindy carried a leather
bag with some cloth items in it.
        "We will signal you."
        As the two crossed the street toward the apartment building, Kat climbed
down from the seat to stand by the coffle.  It was important that nobody suspect
anything if they wanted to continued running this operation.
        On the third floor of the apartment, the object of their intentions
prepared to go to work.
        Colleen Sullivan finished brushing out her long, red tresses before
pinning them to the back of her head in the manner of a free woman.  Only slave
girls wore their hair down.  Free women wore theirs pinned up because they
could. Slave girls had no choice in the matter.
        She frowned when she heard the knock at the door.  She did not want to
be late again.  She was afraid that if she was late one more time this week, her
boss would fire her.
        Calvin Cameroon was Director of Slave Girl Registration.  Colleen's job
was nothing more than filing the various papers when new slave girls were
registered.  (Occasionally, she pulled from the files information about free
women whose status had changed.)
        Colleen was as beautiful as most but had a pair of bosoms that few could
equal.  She knew she stood little chance of staying away from a slave collar if
she ventured from the protection of the city walls.
        Of course it was illegal to enslave a woman within the city, but she was
certain it occurred on occasion.  What better protection was there for her than
to be an employee of the office that registered slave girls?  Everyone would be
afraid of touching her.
        Being careful, she did not open the door.
        "Who is there?"
        "Namaza Express.  I have a package here for Miss. Colleen Sullivan."
        "I'm not expecting a package."
        "Listen, girl, I just deliver.  I don't look in them.  There is a card
attached.  Do you want me to look at it?"
        "Okay.  Go ahead."
        "Great.  It reads: "From a Secret Admirer.'"
        "I don't think..."
        "That is okay.  I will just take it back to the jewelry shop."
        Colleen was beautiful.  Colleen was careful.  But Colleen was also not
very bright.
        As soon as she opened the door, Lauren leaped forward to plant a hand
across her mouth.  She dragged her back into the apartment.  Mindy was right
behind her.  Once she had the door closed so no one could see what they were
doing, she pulled the first rope from her belt.
        In a matter of seconds she had the redhead's hands tied together behind
her back.
        The Amazon then pulled a small piece of cloth from the bag which she
wadded up in one hand.  Standing close behind Colleen, she nodded to Lauren when
she was ready.
        The second Amazon pulled her hand away from the captive's mouth. Colleen
opened her mouth to scream, but before she could, Mindy had rammed the cloth
into her mouth.  Lauren's hand dropped to her belt where she retrieved adhesive
tape.  Quickly she pressed it over Colleen's mouth, running her fingertips from
one ear to the other to insure that the tape was secure.
        When she drew her hand away, they had the buxom redhead securely gagged
as well as bound.
        Colleen had been struggling furiously in a vain attempt to fight them
off. The attack was by surprise, and the two had much experience in doing this
so they gave their captive no chance to get free.
        Even before it occurred to the redhead, they pushed her to her knees so
she could not kick them.  Mindy pulled another rope free.  This one went about
Colleen's right ankle.  Once she had it tightly tied, she raised the captive's
foot in the air to hook it over her left ankle.  The working end went about both
ankles.  In seconds, they had Colleen's ankles secured together.
        "Let's see what kind of goodies you have hidden in here."
        Lauren pulled her disrobing knife from a boot sheath.  Hooking the end
of it at the neck of the redhead's blouse, she cut downwards.  One swipe was all
it took to reveal her white, lacy bra.  Colleen struggled furiously as the
Amazon next hooked it on the strap connecting the large cups.   As that strap
parted, the weight of her huge boobs caused the cups to fall outwards.
        Mindy was not idle during this time.  She used her disrobing knife on
the redhead's slacks.  By the time Lauren had the blouse removed, little
remained of the slacks.
        Lauren hooked the curved tip of the disrobing knife in the elastic
waistband of the panties.
        "If you are a good little girl, we will let you keep your panties.
Otherwise, they come off too."
        Colleen shook her head.  She did not want to be bare-assed naked.
        "Just kneel there quietly and let Mindy finish tying you up."
        As soon as she said that, Lauren came to her feet.  When she opened the
curtains, she saw Kat standing in the street look up, waiting for her signal.
        Once she saw her friend wave, Kat walked along the coffle pulling up the
blindfolds.  Each bondage item remained on the foreheads of the slave girls so
they could be replaced with ease.  While it was possible to move them across the
street, up the stairs, and into the woman's apartment, it would take time.
	This was only the first stop of a busy day.  There was a housewife across town
who had a body that was begging for a body.  Then there were those two interior
designers who had an appointment after lunch.  The slave girls would see nothing
that mattered.
      The Amazon moved from the back of the coffle to the wagon where the chain
tether was attached to the wagon.  She jerked on it, a signal for the slave
girls to start forward.
     As they approached the door to the apartment, Lauren opened the door.
     "How is it going?"
     "Everything is fine."
     Lauren waited by the door until the last slave girl was through, then she
closed and locked it.  They did not want to be disturbed.
     By then, Mindy had looped another rope about the redhead's upper arms and
chest above her large titties.  The next rope encircled her arms and chest below
the boobs.
     "Butt in the air."
     Mindy patted Colleen on her panty-covered bottom.  The redhead responded by
raising her bottom in the air.  This enabled the Amazon to loop the rope about
the captive's lower thighs just above her knees.
      Colleen tried to turn her head to the left to see what happened behind
her. She caught a glimpse of the French Maids when Kat led them into her
apartment. Mindy's order to raise her bottom off her legs had distracted her. 
When she looked back, she saw one French Maid running toward her bedroom.  The
woman who had led them in was busy removing the handcuffs from the next French
Maid in line.
    Mindy caught her attention again as she pulled the pins from her hair so it
fell down to her elbows.
   "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
   Only slave girls wore their hair down.  Colleen started to struggle, but it
was much too late for her to do anything.
   Lauren squatted before the captive to hold her by the shoulders. She stared
at the Amazons, her green eyes wide in fright at what the woman might do to her. 
Lauren's role was merely to keep her from struggling too much.
    Mindy pulled the red, spandex slave sheath from the leather bag. The sheath
was nothing more than a narrow tube two meters long.  Though the captive inside
usually was bound, the constricting material would keep the occupant
constrained.
    The closed end of the tube was much narrower than the rest.  Mindy bunched
the material together so she had it.  Before the redhead could react, she pulled
it down over her head.  Colleen struggled, but there was nothing she could do
now.
     Once they had it down tightly on her head, they pulled it down over the
rest of her body.  Colleen twisted back and forth, the only movement she could
make, but that did nothing to stop them.  Her chest and arms disappeared into
the spandex, followed next by her hips.  Pushing her forward so she had to lie
on the floor, they pulled it down over her legs.  Once her feet were inside,
Mindy got rid of the slack by tying a knot in the material.
    The two then pulled Colleen to her feet so Lauren could sling her over her
right shoulder.  Carefully, so she would not damage the merchandise she carried,
she went down to the wagon where she unceremoniously slid Colleen on the bed of
the wagon and tied her down.
     So what were the French Maids doing all this time?  They were busy removing
all of Colleen's clothing from the drawers of her dresser, and from the closet.
While three did that, the fourth stuffed them into black satin bags.  By the
time Colleen lay in the back of the wagon, everything belonging to her was
stuffed into bags on the floor near the door to the hall.
    The French Maids then wiped all the furniture and walls to insure there were
no fingerprints.  Within minutes no trace of the redhead existed in the
apartment.  It was as though she had no existed.
      After the French Maids had carried the bags of clothing down to the wagon,
they were bound and blindfolded as before.  The wagon moved off toward its next
stop.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 24

     Her name was Mia Mendelsohn.  She was young, beautiful, sexy. The outfit
she wore could not completely conceal the voluptuous body hidden within the
material.   So what if Mia was not too bright.  If you are young, beautiful and
sexy, do you really need brains.  Mia thought not, and thus far in her twenty
years she had been remarkably successful.  If not the smartest coed at the
Beauty College, she certainly was one of the most beautiful.
     It was no wonder that she was on the Amazons' "want" list.
     The brunette accepted without question the offer to become a model so some
company she had never heard of.  It was only a first step.  She was certain that
one of those cosmetic companies would want her to model lip gloss or mascara or
something along those lines.
     "Slave Girls Fashions?"
     The woman smiled at her.  It was a warm, friendly smile.  That alone should
have warned Mia, but we did mention that she was not too bright, didn't we?
      She identified herself as Crasinda Caruthers, a simple clerk in this
establishment.
     "Of course!  It is the coming rage, if you pardon the pun."
     "But why would a woman want to dress up as a slave girl?"
     "Why should slave girls have all the fun?"
     "What?"
     "Isn't this how it is?  You want your boyfriend on top you making you come
over and over but he is too tired.  Why?  Because he spent all his energy on
some slave girl wearing a few satin items.  So you dress up the same way.  Who
is he going to choose   you or the slave girl?"
     "I guess..."
     "And then there is the additional plus of the restrained orgasm."
     "The what?"
     "You mean you haven't...You are in for a treat."  The woman started to
turn, but as an afterthought turned back to the beautiful co-ed.  "Which do you
prefer, blonde or brunette?"
     "For what?"
     "To eat you, of course.  Blonde or brunette slave girl?"
     "Blonde."
     "You get dressed.  I'll get you a blonde, one with really big titties."
     Mia had no way of knowing that this shop on a side street was connect to
the Amazon's headquarters.  Well, she would find out soon enough, but not soon
enough to keep her out of a slave collar.
     The beautiful brunette carried the few items given her into the dressing
room.  She needed only a few seconds to strip down naked.  Since she was
unfamiliar with the slave girl's attire provided her, it took much longer
getting dressed (so to speak).
     She pulled the sheer black stocking up her legs, first the right, then the
left.  She saw she had not done a good job so she ran her hands up her legs to
smooth out the material.  She held the stockings up with a satin garter belt. 
The flimsy little belt was red satin with black lace trim in front.  Once she
had it on, she adjusted the length of the straps before attaching the tops of
the stockings.  Finally she smoothed out the stockings once again before
adjusting the length of the straps.
     She wished there were panties to go with this attire, but Crasinda had
assured her that she would not need them.  If some blonde slave girl was going
to be eating her anyway, they would only get in the way.  (When you are not very
bright, rationalizing is easy.)
     The bra was next.  Well, it looked like a bra, though it provided little
support.  The red satin half-cups lifted her titties without covering the
nipples.  Her boobs were very large, and this bra made them look even larger.
     Mia raised her arms to grab the nipples between the index finger and thumb
of each hand.  It took only second to make them hard and pointed.
     "I hope it doesn't take her long to get that blonde," she murmured aloud.
     The only other items of clothing, if they could properly be called
clothing, were the high heeled sandals.  They were red patent leather so they
matched the garter belt and the bra.  Mia sat on a bench to put them on (and
immediately remembered she had a bare ass).  She slid the sandal on her left
foot.  One strap across the top of her foot and another around her ankle insured
that it would not come off accidently.  Quickly she donned the right and
fastened the straps.
     She looked at herself in the full-length mirror.
     "How can any man resist this?" she said aloud as she stared at her
reflection.
     The garterbelt and straps framed her pubic hair, immediately drawing
attention to it.  Her gaze more upwards from her crotch across her flat stomach
to the large titties.  Her hands returned to the nipples to play with them.
     She knew she would be a great model at this.
     "Mia, are you about done?"
     "Yes.  Do you have a robe I can wear?"
     "You don't need one.  It's just us girls.  I have a display room down the
hall here.  There is nobody here but us.  Come on out."
     Mia first stuck her head out of the door.  She saw Crasinda leading a
blonde slave girl down the hall.  A few meters beyond the dressing room, they
turned into a room on the other side of the hall.  The beautiful brunette looked
back toward the front of the store but there was no one there.
     Quickly she stepped down the hall and into the other room.
     Crasinda had the blonde kneeling with her back to the doorway.
     "Check her out.  Does she look good enough to eat?  Or at least to eat
you?"
     As soon as the brunette stepped into view, the blonde's stared at her
pussy.  Mia smiled.  The blonde had all the attributes of being completely
submissive.  It had to be true that blondes were born to be slave girls.
     "Stand over here so I can get you secured into place."
     The beautiful brunette moved half the distance before stopping.
     "What are you going to do?"
     "You have to be restrained so you can enjoy the orgasm.  You have heard of
restrained orgasms, haven't you?"
     Not willing to show her ignorance, she nodded.  With her lips tightly
pressed together she took a couple more steps in the direction the woman wanted.
     "You have to stand here with your legs spread so the slave girl can eat
you."
     That seemed to be fun.  She glanced at the blonde slave girl.  She seemed
so eager to please her.
     "Wait a minute.  You forgot the gloves."
     "What gloves?"
     "The gloves that were...oh!  Did I forget to give them to you?  Red, that's
your color motif.  Let me get you a pair."
     Crasinda quickly exited the room, leaving the beautiful brunette alone with
the blonde slave girl.  Mia glanced at the door to see if anyone was watching. 
Convinced she was alone, she stepped around in front of the blonde.
     "How bad do you want it?"
     She stuck her pussy in the slave girl's face.  The blonde could not use her
tongue as she wore a ballgag.  She did know how to use her nose.
     Though she was enjoying herself, Mia was not close to any orgasm when
Crasinda returned.
     "Put your right arm out and I'll help you get it on."
     The woman returned in a few minutes with the gloves.  With her help, it
took Mia only a few minutes more to put them on.
     Mia glanced at a mirror on the far wall.
     "Don't I look ridiculous?" she thought to herself.  Her arms and legs were
covered, but all the choice parts of her body were bare.
     "Now stand right here with your legs spread so one foot goes into each
stirrup."
     To get each foot through the leather strap, Mia had to stand with her legs
spread far apart.  She placed her hands on her hips.
     "You know, it wouldn't be too hard to fall over in this position."
     "No, you won't.  The strap and chains keep you upright."
     As she said that, Crasinda crossed the room to a cabinet where she got a
leather strap.
     "Raise you arms in the air.  It goes around your chest above the titties."
     When Crasinda finished buckling the strap tight, she attached a pair of
chains to rings on the sides.  The naked brunette could lean forward and back
without falling over.
     While she tested the limits of her movement, Crasinda brought the blonde
slave girl over in front of her.  Mia watched as the blonde stared intently at
her pussy.
     "Is she a natural?"
     "Blonde?"
     "No, slave girl."
     "Oh, no.  We trained her.  We got her from a trader who brought her in from
out of town."
     The blonde had actually been a shop clerk a week before.  Two days of
intensive training had taught her that they would reward her if she did a good
job of eating pussy.  If she did not, they would punish her.  It had been days
since they had punished her.  She stared at the brunette's pussy in anticipation
of eating her.
     "We will start off slowly, just so you get the hang of it."
     Crasinda returned to the cabinet for a blindfold.
     "What is that?"
     "Just a blindfold.  You've worn one before, haven't you?"
     "Of course."  Mia had fantasies of being a slave girl just like every other
woman she knew.
     The blindfold covered her eyes completely so she could see nothing.
     "Try not to make too much noise."
     Mia's hands shot forward to grab the blonde's head as she felt her mouth on
her pussy.  It took only seconds for her body to react.  The first orgasm was
short but beautiful.
     By then Crasinda had returned from the cabinet with a rope and a ballgag. 
She paused to let the beautiful brunette come two more times before moving
around behind her.
     "Remember, I said this was restrained orgasms."
     Forming the rope into a loop, she passed it over Mia's right hand.  As
gently as possible she pulled that arm in back, then the left.  In seconds she
had the co-ed's wrists bound together.
     "Ohhhhhhhhhhh!."
     Mia's orgasms were coming quicker now.  She barely had time to recover from
one before the next started.
     "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
     "You are definitely making too much noise."
     Mia could not resist as the woman popped the ballgag into her mouth. 
Quickly she pulled the ends together behind the captive's head so she could
buckle them together.
     Crasinda then turned her attention back to the co-ed's arms.  Running one
end of the rope up to the brunette's left elbow, she loosely secured it in place
using a simple hitch.  She repeated the process with the other end of the rope
and the other elbow.  Once down, she looped each end around the upper arm on the
other side.  When she pulled, she drew the beautiful co-ed's elbows together. 
Quickly she tied the ends together.
     Mia felt the discomfort from having her elbows pulled together, but with
the ballgag filling her mouth, she was in no position to utter a protest.  She
was too busy coming to care.
     Crasinda went to the cabinet one last time, returning with a blindfold and
another ballgag.  Standing behind the slave girl, she fastened the blindfold
over her eyes.  When she pulled her head back, the slave girl opened her mouth
for the gag.  Quickly she buckled the ends of the strap together.
     Mia was a higher priority than the blonde.  Bound and blindfolded, she
would remain kneeling where she was until someone came for her.
     Unfastening the chains and the strap first, she freed Mia.  Well, she freed
her enough so she could move.  The beautiful brunette was too exhausted for the
multiple orgasms to resist as Crasinda pushed her toward the door.
     Once in the hallway, they turned right, away from the front of the store. 
A room on the other side of the hall was empty except for a large wardrobe.  At
their approach the wardrobe slid to the side, revealing another passageway. 
     The Amazon working the mechanism smiled as Crasinda guided the buxom
brunette past. 
     Mia was now bound, gagged, and naked inside the Amazons' headquarters.





Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 25
     Cathy Camisole was not having a good time.  True, the slave girl had a
deliciously round ass that begged for a paddling, but that was not Cathy's
choice of targets.
     Oh, don't get me wrong, Cathy enjoyed whacking the bottom of a woman.  In
fact, it was her favorite activity.  She thoroughly enjoyed the sense of power
that came with each blow.
     She had decided an enjoyable spanking consisted of three steps.  The first
was rebellion.  No matter how securely she was bound, the captive would try to
avoid the spanking.  The second step was resignation.  The captive would stand,
lay, or kneel there and allow the spanking to occur with the knowledge that it
would occur no matter what she did.  The final step was compliance.  When
ordered to stick her bottom out further, the slave girl would obey.
     Cathy's favorite step was the first.  She enjoyed nothing more than taking
a pristine white ass and turning it red while its owner struggled to get free. 
That was why she was not having a good time now.  This slave girl was all too
willing to do whatever she demanded.
     "Wiggle your ass around."
     The beautiful blonde flexed the muscles in her bottom so it jiggled.  The
beautiful Amazon watched for a few seconds before delivering a blow to each
cheek.  The blonde's bottom was already red so these two did not show.  The
slave girl was only too happy to please her mistress.
     "Stop."
     Whackwhackwhackwhackwhackwhackwhackwhackwhackwhackwhackwhack!
      Six blows to each bottomcheek made the slave girl squirm deliciously.  The
beautiful Amazon put her left hand on the blonde's bottom to feel the warmth of
her handiwork.
     Cathy stepped to the side.  The blonde's titties dangled down, inviting a
few smacks.  Shed enjoyed the way supple mounds wiggled when whacked.
     "Hey, Cathy."
     The beautiful brunette frowned as she looked back.  She hated someone
disturbing her when she was at play.
    "There are a couple of virgin asses awaiting your talents."
     The brunette's frown quickly changed to a wicked grin.  She enjoyed giving
slave girls their first spankings.
     "I'll be right there."
     The one thing Cathy did not want to do was to slight this slave girl.  She
deserved a thorough paddling, and Cathy was the one to administer it.
     WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!
    She alternated, one cheek then the other.
     WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!
     Of course the slave girl struggled to escape the relentless pounding on her
fanny but nothing she could do would help her.
     WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!
     The paddling would continue until Cathy chose to stop it.
     WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!  WHACK!
     With that to loosen her muscles, the tall Amazon made her way into one of
the training rooms.  There a couple of naked captives waited for her.  Well,
they were basically naked.  One, a brunette, wore the delicate lingerie of a
slave girl.  All the choice parts were naked.  The second, a redhead, wore lime
green nylon panties.
     "What do we have here?  A naked woman who thinks she should be a free
woman?"  Inserting one finger in the elastic waistband in back, she pulled the
panties up and allowed them to snap back against Colleen's lower back.  "Tsk. 
Tsk.  I can see I'm going to have trouble with you."
     The buxom redhead responded by grunting her disapproval, a series of
muffled sounds that Cathy correctly disregarded.
     "Now here is a woman who knows her place."
     Mia could not see Cathy because of the position in which she was bound. 
Her arms were still bound behind her back.  She straddled the spanking bench so
her pussy was instantly available should anyone want to enjoy it.  That part of
the bench at her bottom was elevated so her bottom was the highest part of her
body.  The Amazons had pulled her knees forward and strapped them to the sides
of the bench so her fanny stuck out.
     Straps across her lower back and upper arms kept her pinned to the top of
the bench, but what made it impossible for her to see anything was the pillory
that imprisoned her neck.  A projecting shelf prohibited her from raising her
head.  When someone stood directly in front of her, she could not see above
their crotch.
     At the rear of the two spanking benches there were a set of paddles,
switches and straps for the mistress to use on a captive.  Cathy selected her
favorite   a wood paddle half a meter long and a dozen centimeters wide.  Twenty
holes lessened the wind resistance when the mistress swung it.
     Crack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Mia struggled with her bondage in a vain attempt to get free.  The Amazons
had bound her securely.  She would not escape.
     Crack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Mia's thoughts about the pain in her bottomcheeks were distracted by
Cathy's grip on her left tit.  The bench was narrow where the captive's chest
would be to allow easy access to the titties.  Cathy grabbed the dangling orb to
fondle the nipple.  She knew what she was doing.  It took only seconds for her
to make it hard and pointed.
     "Look on the bright side, Beautiful, only 198 more swats to go."
     Leaning over the pillory she whispered into the brunette's ear, "If you are
a good girl, maybe I'll make it less."
     Cathy smiled as she turned away.  She was certain there were women who
would agree to be slave girls to avoid a third swat on the buns.  She would let
the brunette think about the future punishment while she took care of the
redhead.  Regardless what Mia did, she was destined to receive several dozen
more swats, but the more she thought about them, the more agreeable she would be
to wearing the collar of a slave girl.
     "Now, what do we do about a naked redhead who thinks she should wear
panties?"
     Whack!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Colleen began struggling anew to get free even though she knew escape was
impossible.  Cathy smiled as she leaned forward to grab one of the captive's
massive, dangling tits.
     "Oh, I just love it when they struggle."
     A second after she let go, the paddle landed on Colleen's bottom, this time
in a different spot.  Cathy knew she could not afford to do too much damage to
the young woman's bottom.  If she were to be a slave girl, they would merely
paddle her fanny until she agreed to be a slave girl.  Her ass would recover. 
There were more important parts of her body they were interested in.
     The instructions though were to deliver this buxom woman in good shape. 
They would expect her to perform as a slave girl for her master almost from the
beginning.  Cathy could not afford to beat her until she was too sore to move.
     Whack!  Whack!  Whack!  Whack!
     The beautiful Amazon knew how to wield a paddle effectively.  While there
was some overlap, essentially each blow found virgin flesh.
     Cathy paused to let the captive think about her punishment.  The pause gave
the Amazon time to play with Colleen incredibly large tits.  She regretted not
being able to have them to play with tonight.
     "You know, Red, if you just relax, I'm certain you could come to love
this."
      Carefully she massaged the captive's tittie until the nipple was hard and
pointed.   Caressing the buxom woman's hair on her way past her head, she
repeated the process with the other boob.
     "See!  I knew you would enjoy this!"
     Whack!  Whack!  Whack!  Whack!
     Long before Cathy was finished, Colleen was anxious to be a slave girl. 
Anything was better than having her ass beaten.
     Several Amazons came to watch as Colleen knelt at the feet of the Amazon. 
More than just spectators, they expected to be participants of one of the more
enjoyable acts of a slave girl.  (That is, more enjoyable to the mistress.)
     Cathy sat on a chair a couple of meters in front of the kneeling redhead,
her forearms resting on her knees as she held the leather slave collar open.
     "Crawl forward and put your throat right in the middle."
     Sobbing through the gag, the beautiful redhead moved forward, centimeter by
centimeter.  Slowly she leaned forward.  Her throat touched the band of leather. 
Quickly the Amazon pulled the ends together behind her head.  With her left hand
she pushed the long tresses aside.  In seconds she had the slave collar buckled
securely about the redhead's neck.
     She was now a slave girl.
     "Now you are going to thank me for turning you into a slave girl by
crawling forward so you can kiss my pussy.  Then you are going to beg to please
me using your tongue."  Grabbing the young woman by the chin, she pulled her
head up.  "And if I hear one sob or whimper out of you, it's back for the
spanking bench for another fifty or hundred.  Understand?"
     As soon as the big-chested captive nodded, Cathy jerked the tape off her
mouth.  She plucked the cloth from Colleen's mouth and dropped it on the floor.
     The buxom slave girl did not have to crawl forward very far to reach the
Amazon's pussy.
     "That wasn't a very good kiss.  Do it again."
     The redhead planted her lips on the woman's pussy again.  Cathy grabbed her
head to force it forward.
     "Kiss it like you love it."
     Slowly the redhead moved her head may.
     "May I use my tongue to please you?"
     "Louder.  And look me in the eyes."
     "May I use my tongue to please you?"
     "Yes you may.
     Slowly the slave girl moved her head forward again.  Cathy grabbed her by
the back of the head to guide her face into the right position.
     She smiled when she felt the young woman's tongue in her pussy.  The
redhead was not good at this, but she would learn quickly, if they gave her
time.  She got great satisfaction knowing the naked captive did it out of fear. 
Give her a couple of weeks, and they would teach her to enjoy satisfying a woman
with her tongue.
     Colleen's fate was to be different though.
     Cathy clamped her thighs tightly about Colleen's head as she felt herself
coming.  She suppressed the moan of pleasure.  She did not want a new slave girl
to know that she had pleased her mistress.
     With mouth hands she pushed the young woman's face out of her crotch.
     "That's enough for now.  Keep your mouth open for your gag."
     The rubber ball slipped easily between her teeth.  Cathy pushed her head
forward so she could buckle the ends behind her head.  She did not worry about
pinning those red tresses beneath the leather strap.  Colleen would not be
wearing that gag very long.
     "Now on your feet. Then curtsey.  Then lay yourself out over my lap."
     Colleen's eyes opened wide with fright when Cathy picked up the small
wooden paddle.  She was in for another spanking.  She did not want one, but
there was nothing she could do about it.
     Smack!  Smack!  Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  Smack! 
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     The buxom captive wailed through her gag and kicked her feet wildly.  Bound
as she was, nothing she did would stop the spanking. 
     Cathy continued the spanking for only a minute.  Her intent was not to
punish the young redhead.  She merely wanted her to feel the effects of a
mistress's hand on her fanny.  When she was done, she pushed Colleen's body from
her knees.  The newly-collared slave girl landed on the floor at her feet.
     Cathy leaned forward to get at the ends of the leather strap at the nape of
her neck.  With a forward jerk, the rubber ball popped from the captive's mouth.
     "Now, thank me for spanking you.  And if you don't convince me you mean it,
you get another spanking, and another after that until you do."
     Colleen pressed her mouth against the Amazon's pussy again.  She came
quickly this time.
     The Amazon placed both hands on the slave girl's face to push her head
back.  In seconds, she had the ballgag shoved back into her mouth.  Colleen
bowed her head a little to make it easier for her mistress to buckle the ends
together behind her head.
     Cathy stood up and walked away.  She still had Mia's ass awaiting her
attention.
     Another Amazon replaced her on the chair.  She already had her crotch strap
undone.
     "Come up her and lay yourself across my lap."
     Slowly the buxom slave girl came to her feet.  She knew what was going to
happen to her.  After a brief spanking, she would be forced to please this
mistress with her mouth and tongue as she had Cathy.  She knew that another
waited nearby, and no doubt another behind her.
    The buxom slave girl kicked her legs as the Amazon spanked her bottom with
her bare hand.  Nothing she could do would cause the Amazon to quit.  The
punishment would continue as long as the mistress wanted it to.
    Colleen was willing to do anything to stop the spanking, anything.
  
    



Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 26

     Mia continued to struggle while Kathy's attention was on Colleen.  The
beautiful brunette had been bound as a slave girl, so there was no chance to
escape.  She could pull; she could struggle; she could jerk and twist, but it
did no good. When the tall Amazon was ready to turn her full attention to Mia,
the beautiful  brunette and was in the exact same position the Amazon had left
her.
     Cathy grabbed Mia's left, dangling tit.  The captive tried to recoil but
could not with straps securing her to be spanking bench.  The Amazon played with
the nipple with her left hand until it was hard and pointed. While the captive
did not want to be aroused under such conditions, she was in the hands of a
woman who knew what to do. Without letting go of the nipple, Cathy side stepped
a few centimeters to the right so she could put her right hand in between Mia's
legs.  Carefully she wrapped several strands of pubic hair about her index
finger.  She moved carefully so the young captive would not know what she did.
Without warning, she jerked it back.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Cathy chuckled as she ran per right hand over the naked bottom of the
future slave girl.
     "You certainly are a hot little thing.  I think that if I gave you the
chance to submit right now, you would be willing to beg to wear a collar."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt."
     "But of course that would spoil my fun."
     Releasing her grip on the dangling titty, the Amazon walked to the rear of
the spanking bench to select a new instrument of discomfort.  She was in no
hurry for Mia to wear a collar, so she selected a pliable, leather paddle.  She
knew the young woman's ass could take a lot of blows from this spanking tool.
Sure, she wanted Mia to submit, but she didn't want her to do it too quickly
That would spoil her fun.
     Stepping back to be left, she extended her left hand to resume firm grip on
the nipple. She played with it again to insure that it was hard.  When she knew
Mia was as aroused as a woman could be without someone actually sucking on her
nipple, she was ready to act.
     Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!
     The beautiful Amazon stepped back to admire her handiwork.  The only red
showing on young woman's bottom was from the first blow with the wooden paddle. 
As she watched the white areas on either side of that mark began to turn a
delightful shade of pink.  She pulled her left hand away from the tittie to let
it slide all over the captive's bare bottom.  She wanted this beautiful young
woman to know what it was like to have every part of her body fondled, and not
to be able to do anything about it.
     "The you would not believe how pretty this shade of pink looks on you," She
remarked as she drew her hand away. As her fingertips left the flesh, the paddle
began its forward motion again.
     Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!
     The Amazon walked around in front of the naked captive. Mia sobbed through
her gag.  Tears streaming down her face. Cathy had no sympathy for her. If the
stupid bitch was so dumb as to allow herself to be captured, she deserved this.
     Cathy smiled.  She so enjoyed this job.
     "You know, I think this paddle needs a little kiss."
     She held the paddle down before the brunette's face.
     "Now I want she to place that rubber ball against it to give this paddle a
kiss."
     The captive shook her head.
     Cathy smiled.  She had hoped Mia would not give in this quickly.  Moving
around behind the captive she resumed her workout on the captive's raised
bottom. There was much area not yet kissed by the paddle.
     Smack!  Smack!  Smack! Smack!  Smack!
     Moving to be front of the spanking bench, she grabbed the captive by her
long hair to twist her head up and to the side so she had no choice but to look
up at her.
     "I think we warned you that you will learn to obey today .  Would you like
to kiss my paddle now?"
     The beautiful brunette nodded as she best she could with her neck
imprisoned in that small circle of wood.
     "You have to be punished for refusing the first time.  I would say five
more hard swats with this paddle will do it."  The beautiful Amazons smiled. 
"That is, five swats to each cheek."
     As she expected, the beautiful captive grunted a protest, there really was
nothing else she could do, bound and gagged as she was.
     "You are right.  We'll make it ten to each cheek. Does that make you
happy?"
     While Mia was no genius, she was not overly stupid either. She knew the
Amazon waited for her to grunt her disapproval, or to shake her head. Her reward
for this disobedience would be even more swats.
     She nodded.
     The Amazon walked to the back of the spanking bench again.  The previous
blows had turned the naked captive's bottom a rosy shade of red.  The Amazons
delivered the ten blows close to the spots where the original blows had landed.
These blows landed on the sides though where the flesh was pristine white. This
was flesh that had not been kissed by the paddle yet..
     Cahty walked around in front of the captive. She could see Mia's head, but
the captive could not see above her crotch.
     "Do you know you were not very good?  I heard you moaning with every blow.
I want you to show me what a big girl you are.  I am going to double the number
this time and I don't want to hear a peep out of you.  If I do, the number will
double again."
     The brunette mistress took her time delivering each below.  She waited for
sound of Mia screaming through her gag but there was no sound.  Usually it took
several hundred swats on the fanny  before the captive would remain quiet. The
Amazon began to suspect Mia was one of those women who enjoy having her ass
tanned.
     "Argue ready to kiss this paddle now?"
     The captive nodded.  She realized her captoress would continue to pound her
fanny until she did.
     The Amazon placed the paddle to the side of her face so she had to twist
about to place the rubber ball against it. Her act of submission had to be one
of commitment.
     "Now look at all the punishment you've got because you would not do this
the first time.  Do you promise to be a good little girl?"
     The brunette nodded as well as her bondage would allow.
     "Well. I am going to give you the chance to prove it," she said as she
stroked her captive's long hair.
     With a wave of her hand, Cathy signaled two Amazons to come over in release
the naked beauty..Having been bound in that position for a couple of hours, Mia
was in no position to move around.  It took two Amazons to pull her up from the
spanking bench to her feet. As the two held their captive up so she would not
collapse, Cathy motioned them to bring her across the room where the chair was
that she had used with Colleen .  With a gesture downwards, she told them to
have her kneel.
      Cathy set the chair about four meters from her captive.  In her right hand
she held a switch. As she sat, she rested hee elbow on per left arm of the
chair. She held her left hand out palm up.
     "Now what I am going to let you use your titties to please me.  I want you
to crawl over here, and put your right tittie in my hand."
     The brunette stared at her without moving.  Cathy really did not expect her
to obey.  That was too much to expect from a woman who was not an experienced
slave girl.  Knowing this, the other two Amazons were ready to act tp act when
Cathy gave them the signal..
     They dragged the beautiful captive across the room into the desired
position.
     "Since you didn't obey, you get five whacks across each nipple."
     Mia tried to pull her body backwards, but the Amazons holding her kept her
from doing that.  Cathy grabbed one supple mound with her left hand.  She
squeezed it so tightly that the nipple seemed to pop out between her fingers. 
The switch landed five times on the nipple.  The blows were not hard, but this
was a sensitive part of the female body.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     Mia tried to get free as the Amazon let go of that tittie and grabbed the
other.  Nothing she did could prevent her from being punished.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
     With a nod of her head, Cathy signaled her cohorts to drag the beautiful
brunette back to the starting position.
     "Now crawl forward like a good little girl.  If you disobey again, the
number of swats to your titties doubles."
     Sobbing the whole time, Mia crawled forward.  When she reached the Amazon's
legs, she leaned forward to place her left boob in the woman's left hand.
     Cathy respond with five blows to the supple mound.  They were harder than
the ones to the nipples, but far lighter than the ones to the young woman's
fanny.
     "Now the other side."
     Side stepping a few centimeters, Mia adjusted the position of her body so
she could rest the other boob in the Amazon's hand. Cathy again delivered five
blows. The captive squirmed with each blow, but made no attempt to pull aware.
She knew it would be much worse for her if she did.
    "Now this is what I want you to do..."
     The beautiful brunette came to her feet. She curtseyed as best she could.
Without turning, she backed away. When she thought she was about three meters
away, she curtseyed again.  Carefully she lowered her left knee to the floor. As
soon as it touched, she brought her right knee down to join it.
     "Now, let's try that again.  Put your tittie right here in my hand."
     The big-chested brunette staggered to her feet. She was unused to getting
around with her hands secured behind her back so she almost fell over while
trying to rise. One Amazon grabbed her to help her up. Within a few hours, they
would expect her to get around on her own. If she lost her balance, they would
allow her to fall over. Then they would punish her for being so clumsy.
     Mia curtseyed again.  Staring at Cathy's crotch, she stepped forward until
she was a meter from the Amazon. Again she curtseyed. She bent forward, keeping
her knees locked.  Her right tit pressed against the Amazon's hand. She stared
straight ahead, her face only centimeters from Cathy's face.
     The Amazon closed her fingers to grip tightly the supple, dangling mound.
Cathy smiled as the captive's face blushed. This time the punishment was not
pain. Instead it was pleasure.  Cathy knew not only how to inflict pain, she
knew how to inflict pleasure as a punishment.
     It took only a few minutes for Mia to convince herself that the best thing
she could do was to agree to become a slave girl of the Amazons. She lowered her
head, placing her throat against the leather collar.
     After that, she reward her mistress by placing her face between Cathy's
legs, her lips pressed against the Amazon's, her tongue extended as far into the
woman's pussy as she could reach.
     It took several minutes for Cathy to come the first time, after all, Mia
was inexperienced. Still, Cathy felt happy at the way she had taken another
proud beauty, and had turned her into a submissive slave girl/

To be continued   comments welcomed.		




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 27

     Colleen stood with her feet spread almost a meter apart. She knew how
vulnerable this position made her, but she also knew what would happen to her if
she did not obey the woman's orders. The woman who gave the orders was a
whipmistress, of that she was certain. There were several men about, inspecting
her body by both sight and touch, but the whipmistress was in charge.
     It was well-known that a man might take sympathy on a beautiful woman and
be lenient with her. There was no chance of that happening with a woman.
Regardless of the owner, man or mistress, the person in charge of disciplining
the slave girls was invariably a woman, a whipmistress. Colleen knew this woman
would like nothing better than punishing her. She had to be a most obedient,
most submissive slave girl. Oh, she knew deep inside that they would punish her
anyway, but she did not want to do anything to irritate this woman.
     The buxom redhead wore nothing more than a garter belt, stockings, and high
heels. Since she was only a slave girl, she really had no need of clothing other
than that. The few items they allowed her provided her with no modesty at all.
Instead, they enhanced her charms, drawing attention to her crotch.
     The naked beauty was glad for one thing, they had taken off that
humiliating cowbell they had her wear when they paraded her through town. The
harness was gone as well, only to be replaced by a leather blindfold that kept
any light at all from getting through to her eyes. She had only a small fraction
of a second to see about her. She was inside a building, no doubt in the slave
quarters. Nevertheless, other than that, she had no idea where she was.
     With the blindfold in place, they had wrapped a wide leather collar about
her neck on top her slave collar. Hands removed the handcuffs only to refasten
them before her body. Her hands were then drawn over her head and the short
chain connecting the links locked to a ring on the back of the leather collar.
     So, for a period of time, she stood naked in this vulnerable position while
they inspected her. Hands groped her oversized boobs at the same time fingers
explored her pussy. She wanted to draw her legs together but knew that would
only get her punished. She was a slave girl. Her body was there for the pleasure
of others.
    "All right, you guys, that's enough ogling.  Maybe he will let you use her
when he grows tired of her."
     He.
     She knew her new owner, her master, was a man. The Amazons had said nothing
to her. They had no need to since she was only a slave girl. Once she had
submitted to their satisfaction, she had been forced to walk across town. The
slave binders had insured that she had no idea where they were taking her.
     To the home of her master.
     She felt hands attaching the end of a leash to a ring on the collar under
her chin.
     "Come on, Little Pussy, it's time you learn the meaning of life."
    A jerk on the leash told the buxom redhead to move forward. She was unused
to the leash; she was unused to walking blindfolded. Yes, she was badly in need
of training. She tried to move as quickly as she could. She did not want to
displease the whipmistress. She did not want to be punished again.
     Her tentative steps forward were too slow. She felt one jerk after another
on the leash.
     Finally they came to a stop. Her hands were secured behind her back again,
and then the blindfold was removed.
     The whipmistress sat on a chair before her. Colleen thought this was
because the whipmistress was a free person and she was merely a slave girl. She
was wrong though. By sitting, the whipmistress had no trouble reaching Colleen
pubic area.
     "I gave you an order to come along, but you did not obey. I had to tug on
the leash several times. Do you think you deserve to be punished for that?"
     The buxom beauty knew that if she disagreed, she would be punished for
that. She was only a slave girl. If a free woman wanted to punish her, she could
do nothing less than agree to it. She could do more. If the gag was not filling
her mouth, she would have to beg to be punished.
     Colleen nodded.
     "My favorite way to punish a slave girl is to trim her pubic hair."
    The naked beauty felt relieved. She was proud of her red bush. It showed
anyone who saw it that she was a natural redhead.  If the whipmistress wanted to
trim it some, perhaps shave some of the area, it would not be too bad a
punishment.
     The whipmistress produced a pair of needle-nosed pliers.
     "I think about twenty-five groups would be in order."
     Colleen could do nothing but stand there with her legs spread while the
woman grabbed one of the pubic hairs near her flesh and jerked it out by the
root.
     "Mmmfftt!"
     It was uncomfortable, but not nearly as painful as the paddling she had
received from the Amazons that morning.
     The next time the whipmistress grabbed two hairs.
     "Mmmmfffftttt! Mmmffff! Mmmfffff!"
     "You don't like that, do you? Maybe next time you will obey me without
hesitation."
     "Mmmmfffftttt! Mmmffff! Mmmfffff!"
     For the next twelve or fifteen times, she was content to grab a few hairs.
     "Mmmmfffftttt! Mmmffff! Mmmfffff!"
      Colleen knew the pain was not that grab. What caused her to moan through
her gag was the humiliation of having her pubic hair ripped out while she stood
there and let the woman do it. She was only a slave girl. There was nothing else
she could do.
     Smiling up at the naked captive, the whipmistress inserted the nose of the
pliers into the curly mass of hairs at the slave girl's crotch. This time she
was not content to pluck out a few. This time she went for a dozen or more,
twisting the pliers to wrap the hairs about it.
    "Mmmmfffftttt!" That time the pain was intense. The buxom redhead wanted to
pull her legs together to protect her crotch. She knew that was what the
whipmistress wanted her to do. That would give her a reason to paddle her.
     She had not even jerked yet, and the pain was becoming unbearable simply
from the pull on hairs.
     "Mmmmmmmmfffffftttttt!!!!"
     The whipmistress jerked on the pliers but had so many she could not pull
them out.
     "Mmmmmmmmfffffftttttt!!!!"
     "Mmmmmmmmfffffftttttt!!!!"
     "Mmmmmmmmfffffftttttt!!!!"
     "Have you learned your lesson?" Colleen replied with an enthusiastic
nodding of her head.  "Do you promise to do exactly what I tell you to do? Do
you promise to be a good little slave girl?"
     The naked slave girl nodded. She was at the point where she was willing to
do anything to avoid being punished again.
     "Now I want you to turn around. Stand with your legs spread apart like they
are now, and show me your best asset."
     Colleen had little doubt what her best asset was. She was a slave girl. She
existed only to bring pleasure to others.
     "Put your head back so you stare straight ahead. Your pussy is now a public
playground. Anyone can use it and you will enjoy it."
      After she had finished examining Colleen's pussy (and commenting on the
amount of use it had seen in the past), she had the redhead kneel facing her.
This enabled her to perform a similar examination of Colleen's titties. She
kneaded them and pinched the nipples. Wondering aloud how big they would be if
extended, she grabbed them by the nipples and pulled them as far toward her as
she could.
      Attaching a leash to the slave girl's collar in front under her chin, she
brought the buxom captive to her feet. It was a short distance to the entrance
to the slave quarters. Having previously been a free woman, she was not familiar
with slave entrances. She had no idea where she was.
     "I'm going to sit over here in the shade while you show off your wares.
Every time a free man or woman walks down this alley, you will do as you just
did for me. You will turn around with you legs spread and bend over. If they
don't stop to comment on what a lovely pussy you have, you will get one stripe
across the fanny with a cane. Once you bend over, you will maintain that
position until I tell you to straighten up."
      The whipmistress stepped in front of the naked slave girl. Her titties
were so deliciously large it would be a shame not to put them on display also.
      "While you're waiting, there is something else you will do. Pull you hands
higher on your back. Good. Now rotate your shoulders so these girls wiggle. If
you stop, I'm going to use the cane on your nipples."
      Colleen did as she was ordered. Her tits seemed to take on a life of their
own once they were in motion.  They wiggled merrily back and forth.
     That was how the beautiful redhead spent the next hour and a half. Few
people came down the alley. Those who did were treated to the sight of the buxom
redhead bent over, displaying her pussy.
     Since she was only another beautiful, buxom slave girl, nobody stopped to
admire her pussy. Tears streamed down her face as the willowy cane slapped
loudly on her bottomcheeks.
     The whipmistress sat in the shade sipping a cool drink as she wondered how
long it would be before she was allowed to enjoy the slave girl's body.
     Few people came down the alley. It was a shortcut only for people in a
hurry. She was certain more have come this way had they know this luscious slave
girl was out on display. She did not have time for anything fancy. Colleen's
master would be home from work early, eager to sample the charms of his latest
slave girl.
     The naked beauty was happy when the woman led her back inside. Even being
led around by a leash was preferable to showing her wares to the public. She
knelt at the whipmistress's feet. The woman leaned forward to remove the gag
from the beautiful woman's mouth.
      "I want you to show me that you know what your tongue is for. Lick my
boots until they are clean."
      The whipmistress wore leather boots that came up to the knee. Slowly
Colleen leaned forward so she could reach the leather with her extended tongue.
Slowly she dragged the tip of her tongue across the leather.
      She felt the mistress's hands on the back of her head, pulling her face
forward so her mouth was pressed against the leather.
      "You don't have much enthusiasm for the job. Try harder.  And look at me
while you are doing it."
      The captive redhead pulled her head back so she could look up. The woman's
knee obstructed her view of her face. She moved her head to the side. The smile
on the woman's face told her she was doing as was expected.
      Extending her tongue again, she slowly dragged it across the leather.

To be continued. Comments welcomed.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 28

     Julie arrived early. She thought she would have to wait for Jane, but the
young woman was ready to go into the back of the establishment by the time Julie
arrived. The big chested brunette smiled as she saw her new acquaintance
disappear through the door and into the nether regions of the building. She
seemed almost anxious to be bound, gagged and rendered helpless.
     Julie paid the fee, then sat down with a magazine. She did not have long to
wait. A woman wearing a short white dress guided her in back. She glanced at the
clipboard she carried, then looked up at the buxom brunette with a smile on her
face.
     "You are going to get the full treatment."
     "What does that entail?"
    "It's like, the regular treatment, only more so."
     The woman erupted into laughter. Julie failed to see the humor of the
statement, but, then again, the woman was not going to be the one tied up. She
hoped this would be worth it. It cost a little money this time. It certainly was
a pittance, but it was the principle of the thing.
     "What do I do?"
     "You just stand there. Others will do all the work."
     With that announcement, the women went to the door. The buxom brunette
wondered for the 100th time that day why she had let Teresa talk her into this.
      Julie wondered how long she would be left alone, but it turned out to be
only a few seconds. The women reentered the room leading a coffle of four lovely
slave girls dressed as French Maids. The buxom brunette wondered at first if
they were customers like her, or if they were slave girls. The presence of the
black leather slave collar around the neck of each answered that question. No
free woman would ever allow herself to be collared. With a collar on, she could
not trust anyone to let her free.
     Julie might enjoy being tied up wearing the most scanty, revealing outfits
imaginable. But wear a collar? Never!
     The woman removed the leash from the collar of the first in line. The
blindfold came off first, followed immediately by the handcuffs. A slap on the
fanny was her signal to start.
     The slave girl leaped forward toward Julie. Circling behind the woman, she
began unbuttoning her blouse. The second French Maid removed her long skirt. By
the time the fourth was free, Julie wore only her panties and bra. These came
off quickly so Julie was totally naked, her bosom hanging invitingly for all to
see.
     These slave girls had obviously had much practice undressing free women.
Julie simply stood there and let them disrobe her.
     Resisting the temptation to cover her breasts and crotch, she let her arms
hang to her sides. Almost immediately two of the French Maids pulled her arms up
in front of her so they could pull shoulder-length, white satin gloves up her
arms.
      The other two knelt to put a sheer black stocking on the brunette's right
leg. Julie had to stand on her left foot so they could do that. In just a minute
she had to shift to her right leg as they put a stocking on her left leg.
      By then the first two were finished putting the gloves on the luscious
captive. One wrapped a black satin garter belt about her slender waist while the
other unraveled a long piece of rope.
      Julie looked down as she felt hands running across her legs. The three
smoothed out the sheer material so there was not a wrinkle in either stocking.
They adjusted the length of the straps before attaching the tabs to the tops of
the stockings.
      Before they were finished, the fourth French Maid had tied her hands
together behind her back. Julie had not even noticed that the woman had tied the
rope to her wrist with a simple hitch. The slave girl pulled her hands around so
the palms were together. She continued to loop the doubled over rope about her
wrists. Before tying a knot, she cinched those first loops so there was no
chance at all that the captive could get free.
      That slave girl went to the woman who handcuffed her hands behind her back
before fastening the blindfold over her eyes. The submissive woman raised her
chin slightly to make it easier for the woman to attach the end of the chain
leash to the ring on the collar. The slave girl followed the woman across the
room. Next to the door, the mistress tethered the captive to a ring on the wall.
      Julie did not see the end of that as her attention was elsewhere. One of
the three remaining French Maids had a ballgag that she raised towards the
helpless captive's mouth. As soon as the buxom brunette had her mouth open, the
slave girl wedged the bright red rubber ball between her teeth. Julie's eyes
opened wide with the enforced silence. They did not fasten the straps yet so
maybe, if she tried really hard, she might be able to push the ball out with her
tongue. She did not though. The only action she took was to move her eyes to
follow the slave girl as she turned to take her place tethered to the wall.
     By then, not only were Julie's wrists tied together, but her elbows as
well. She could hardly even struggle, so securely had she been bound.
     The slave girl who had bound her rushed across the room so she too could be
bound and tethered.
     The remaining French Maid pulled the ends of the ballgag leather strap
behind Julie's head so she could buckle them together. As soon as she had done
that, she joined her three sister slaves tethered to the wall.
     The woman pulled out a chain leash as she advanced on the helpless
brunette. Quickly she slipped it around her neck, attaching the end to a link.
She had no need to lock the leash in place. There was no way the captive could
free it with her hands bound. Julie was certain the chain and the clasp were so
strong that if she struggled, she would only hurt her neck without gaining a
millimeter of freedom.
     Julie's hair was the next order of business. The woman pulled the pins out
so it fell down freely. Except that she did not wear a slave collar, Julie
looked like any other slave girl (though perhaps a little more big-chested than
most).
     Smiling, the woman produced a leather blindfold which she secured over the
captive's eyes.
     "Come along," she said as she gave the leash a gentle tug.
     The buxom brunette stumbled along behind her captoress. The slave girls
remained behind in the room. Bound, blindfolded and tethered, they were not
going anywhere without assistance. They moved slowly out the door and a short
distance down the hall before turning right.
     Once the blindfold was removed, Julie had to blink several times before her
eyes became adjusted to the light. There was no point in having her wear the
blindfold, except it did make her feel more as though she was a slave girl.
     "Okay. Kneel down here."
     Slowly the buxom brunette lowered her left knee to the floor. As soon as it
touched, she brought her right down to join it. She maintained this position,
with her rump still in the air, for several minutes. She heard sounds of people
moving about in front of her but could not tell what they were doing.
     She felt hands pulling the blindfold off. Before she could see she had to
blind several times as her eyes became used to the dim light.
     "Come on, Julie, no time for dallying. Get up."
     Several pairs of hands helped her to her feet. Julie was not aware what she
did as her attention was on the bondage device before her.
     There are few things as ubiquitous as a slave sack. The soft leather
conformed to form a ball about the captive so only her head protruded. Couple
with a leather slave hood, it was possible to cover the entire slave girl's body
in leather. Even if she should be able to escape from her bondage while in the
slave sack, she would not be able to get free.
     The slave sack was a convenient way of transporting slaves around. Once the
captive was encased in leather, it was simple to pick the slave sack up and toss
it in the back of a wagon.
     (It was also a convenient way to hold a woman who did not wear a slave
collar. Tie her up, toss her in a slave sack, and forget about her until it is
time to take her away. Her friends can walk right past her without knowing whom
she was.)
     They pushed the buxom brunette forward so she had to step into the slave
sack. Two women, obviously free women though they wore short, white outfits,
tied her legs together. One looped a rope about her lower thighs just above the
knees. The other did the same to her lower calves immediately above her ankles.
After several loops, the women reversed direction so they could cinch the first
loops. Julie felt the ropes dig into her soft flesh. She knew she would not be
able to escape even before they tied the ends of the ropes together.
     "Kneel."
     This was easier said than done. Two pairs of hands held Julie's body so she
could pull her feet behind her. The two then lowered her body to the floor so
her knees and lower legs were on the leather.
     Before proceeding with the slave sack, they first tied her legs together
again. One woman thrust the center of a rope between Julie's calves. She next
threaded both ends through the loop. One end went about each side. Back down
under Julie's fanny, she tied the ends together.
     This made it impossible for the captive beauty to raise her fanny off her
heels.
     The slave sack was divided into segments that heavy, industrial zippers
connected. Once they had Julie secured in the center of the leather bondage
device so she could not struggle much, they began pulling the zippers up. Once
the first zippers were up, they held the two adjoining segments in the air. Each
woman then moved to her right to attach the next segment to the first two.
    With two women working on the zippers, it took them only seconds to finish
with them.
     Before continuing with the slave sack, the two pulled a leather slave hood
over their captive's head. There were many different types of slave hoods. With
a slave sack, a slave hood with eyeholes was generally used. The eyeholes teased
the captive by allowing her to see, but usually the captive could see nothing
worthwhile.
     One woman raised the leather bondage device in the air so she could bring
it down over the buxom brunette's head. Her companion placed her right hand
against the part in front of Julie's face so insure that the captive's nose
protruded through the nose hole. The other woman pulled the flaps together
behind her head. Quickly she buckled the ends of the single strap about Julie's
neck. They had no need for more, or for locks. The captive would be unable to
remove it.
     The two free women then turned their attention back to the slave sack. One
woman slid a narrow leather strap about Julie's neck. The other pulled a zipper
up all the way, then bent it down so the hole in the tab fitted over a ring. A
simple clasp locked the tab in place so the zipper could not open.
     The woman slowly made her way around the helpless captive. Once she had
three of the zippers secured in place, her associate started working on her
side. In a matter of minutes they had all the zippers locked to the strap.
     With this, the only parts of Julie's body that were visible were her nose
and her eyes. A layer of leather held her captive on top the ropes about her
body.
     The buxom beauty knew that struggling it was useless. She would remain in
that slave sack as long as they wanted her to wear it.
     With the back positioned as it was, she could only see the wall in front of
her. She saw little flashes of movement as the women moved about.
     She felt very much as though she was a slave girl, and for the thousandth
time that afternoon wondered what she had gotten herself into.
To be continued   Comments welcomed




Slave Girls in Bondage
Chapter 29

     Julie had no idea where they took her. All she saw of the trip was another
black leather slave sack (which she assumed was Teresa) and the side of a wagon.
Bound and hooded as she was, the journey seemed to take an eternity. She lurched
back and forth with the shaking of the wagon as it made its way toward its
destination. Since they were treating her as they would be any slave girl, they
told her nothing. She did not know where they took her and what fate they had in
store for her.
     Finally the wagon stopped. Someone attached chains to rings on the slave
sack. As they shortened the chains, she felt the leather slave sack rising. In
seconds they suspended Julie in the air with the leather. They transferred her
from the back of the wagon to the ground where they dragged her inside a
building.
    She waited there for a while. People came and went while she did nothing but
stare through the eyeholes at the wall in front of her. She wondered what kind
of wall it was and what type of building it was part of. As a pseudo-slave girl,
she had no need to know.
    While she knelt there helplessly, she heard other wagons arrive. She guessed
the sounds she heard were those of them unloading other slave sacks. She gained
some degree of comfort in knowing that she and Teresa would not be alone.
Apparently others had the same fantasies as she.
     She began to wonder how many slave girls she saw tethered about were not
truly, or at least, legally slave girls. How many where women like her. Women
who enjoyed being helpless and forced to enjoy the pleasures her body gave her.
     Too soon it seemed to Julie, they started hauling slave sacks away. She
heard the scraping sound on the floor. From the sound it seemed as though they
were moving away from her. All she saw was the wall.
     It was her turn. She leaned to the side as they pulled her away. Through
the eyeholes she caught a glimpse of more walls but they meant nothing to her.
     When they reached the destination, they spun the slave sack around. Julie
faced in another direction but all she could see was another meaningless wall.
     Several minutes later, they came for her. Julie tried not to stare at them
once they had the slave hood off her head. They were mistresses. Each carried a
willowy switch. The beautiful brunette knew they would not hesitate in using
them on her fanny if she did not obey completely.
     Quickly the two pulled the zippers down so the segments of the slave sack
fell away. Grabbing the captive beauty by her arms, they lifted her body into
the air so they could pull the leather bondage device out from under her feet.
Unceremoniously they dropped her back on her knees.
     They turned their attention to the ballgag. While one woman unfastened the
ends of the strap, the other got a replacement gag. (Julie did not think for a
second they were going to let her go about without some sort of gag.) When the
woman had the ends of the strap free, she placed one hand against the buxom
brunette's forehead to push her head back. As Julie stared at the ceiling, the
woman grabbed the strap where it emerged from each side of the rubber ball. With
a sudden jerk up, she pulled it out of the captive's mouth.
     By then her colleague had the other gag ready. Julie did not have the
chance to close her mouth before the woman inserted it in her mouth.
     Julie's big, brown eyes opened wide in shock. It was a penis-gag! The shaft
was long and hard. As she explored it with her mouth, she realized it was
contoured down to minor details so the wearer could believe she had a real one
in her mouth.
     She had no item to react before the woman pushed her face forward so they
could get the ends of the strap together behind her head.
     The buxom brunette quickly learned that this gag was much more complicated
than the ballgag. Only the crown of the dildo stuck in her mouth. Another eight
centimeters extended before her face, attached to a harness that went about her
head. When they had it completely strapped in place, one woman placed her hand
against the back of the dildo and pushed. The shaft slid easily into the
captive's mouth. When she had it most of the way in, the woman grabbed the end
to pull it back. The hard rubber shaft slid out as easily as it slid in.
     "Down."
     With that order they pushed her face forward so it was against her knees.
This gave them unobstructed access to her arms.
     Quickly they freed her arms but Julie had no chance to move them. One woman
held her hands together while another slid a black leather single glove over
them. While the second woman pulled her hands through the leather, the other
pushed her elbows together. The two knew what they were doing and it took them
only seconds to get the leather bondage device in place. They pulled up the
zipper and the straps pulled over her shoulders and buckled under her arms.
     Once again the buxom brunette was helpless.
     One woman standing in front of her looped a chain leash about her throat.
Julie hardly noticed that as her attention was on the other woman who stood
behind her. She fastened a leather blindfold over her eyes. The buxom brunette
knew the reason for the blindfold. They were treating her as they would be a
slave girl. A slave girl had no need to know where she was.
     She felt them tug on the leash.
      "Come along, you cow."
     Julie might have objected to that name, but she knew it was accurate. At
least they had not paraded her through town with a cow bell about her neck.
     Secretly, perhaps, she was a little sorry. It would have been fun to see
the sly, jealous glances of free women when they saw how much bigger her titties
were. (The thought they might use slave blinders on her never occurred to her.)
     The naked beauty staggered forward at the end of the leash. She was not
used to those high heels, and the blindfold made it even harder to her to move.
Still, if she was going to pretend she was a slave girl, she was going to have
to do it as a slave girl would.
     From the sounds she heard she guessed she was in a corridor of some sorts.
A turn to the left led them into a room. After a few steps there was another
turn to the left.
     "Spread �em."
     A not-too-gentle rap on the inside of her left knee with a switch gave her
further guidance as to what they wanted. She moved her feet apart about a
quarter of a meter.
     "Further."
     Another rap from the switch, this one on the inside of her right calf,
added emphasis to the order. She obeyed quickly. She did not think they would
use the switch on her, she did not want to provoke them.
      The luscious brunette was now in the ideal position for what they required
of her. The mistress squatted to fasten a leather cuff about her left leg just
above the ankle. Threading a chain through the ring on the cuff, she ran the end
back until she had taken all the slack from it. She then hooked it to a link.
     When she had done the same to Julie's right leg, she had the naked
captive's legs spread so she could not bring them together.
     The next step was to run a chain down from an overhead pulley. She locked
the end of it to the ring at the end of the single glove.
     Before continuing, the mistress had to remove the blindfold. It was not
that Julie was going to be allowed to see what happened. She was a beautiful
woman. They wanted everything to enjoy that beauty.
     The next step was to thread the end of another overhead chain through the
ring on the top of the harness holding the gag in her mouth.
     It was as simple as that. Julie was all ready.
     The mistress walked to a small cabinet on the wall. Inside was a lever held
in place by a lynchpin. After pulling the pin, she pulled the lever down.
Inserting the pin locked the lever in place again.
      She walked over behind the naked captive. This time the pressure plate in
the floor reacted. The chain connected to the single glove shortened, slowly
drawing the captive's hands in the air. To be able to do that, she had to bend
over.
     The mistress smiled. She had an unobstructed view of the brunette's pussy.
     The chain connected to the head harness forced the lovely woman to pull her
head back so she could only stare forward.
      The mistress walked around in front of Julie, taking instant notice of her
huge, dangling titties. Once she was in front of the brunette, Julie could only
stare at her crotch.
      It was the perfect position, more perfect than Julie knew, but was about
to find out.
      The woman grabbed the captive by the shoulders so she could pull her
forward. Bound as she was, Julie's body certainly could not move much, but it
did not have to. When it moved forward a few centimeters, the chain pulled on
the head harness, causing the device to move.
      Julie's big brown eyes opened wide in horror as the rubber dildo slid into
her mouth.
     Her body rocked back, drawn by the chains. The mistress pulled her forward
again, drawing the dildo once more further into her mouth than she would have
preferred.
     This time as her body moved back, the mistress walked toward the door. A
pressure plate to the side released the tension on the chain, allowing Julie to
straighten up.
     The buxom beauty could do nothing but stand helpless as the mistress
approached her again. Smiling wickedly, she slowly grabbed each tittie. The grip
was firm as her thumbs moved back and forth across the nipples until they were
hard and pointed.
     "With these girls, I think you are going to be very popular."
     Julie wanted to resist, but bound as she was, she could not. All she could
do was stand there and take the abuse. She rationalized that it really was not
that bad. She did not want to think that she was actually enjoying it, but she
was disappointed when the woman quit.
     She watched the woman move to her left. The harness gag made it difficult
for her to turn her head. She was not certain whether they permitted that or
not. She decided she would continue to keep her head forward. She moved her eyes
to the left until the woman had disappeared, then she moved them straight ahead.
     No one had said anything to her since she had been bound and gagged. She
wondered what the woman would do to her next. She listened for the sounds of the
woman's footsteps, but the floor was carpeted.
      Julie had no idea how long she stood there bound, gagged, and naked. It
might have been only a few minutes, it might have been as long as an hour. For
the captive it seemed to be a day and a half.
      "Look at the jugs on this one!"
      The voice was male, and it was only a couple of meters to her left. The
beautiful brunette tried to turn her head in that direction, but the drag of the
chain on the harness about her head impeded her from turning much.
      "Oh, no! Not a man!"
      It was bad standing naked in front of a woman, but in front of a man? As
he appeared in sight on her left, she realized she stood with her legs spread
wide apart. She tried to draw her legs together, but her bondage kept her from
doing that.
      "I haven't seen knockers as big as these in at least two or three days!"
      The man laughed at his joke. Julie failed to see the humor of it, but she
did not think very much about her. Her mind was on other things.
      The man raised his hands to grab her titties as the woman had. He kneaded
them, rubbing the nipples between his thumbs and index fingers.
      It had felt good when the woman did it. To her chagrin, Julie thought it
felt even better when a man did it. The nipples grew so hard and pointed she was
afraid they might simply pop off her breasts.
       "You know what they say, any more than a handful is wasted," another male
voice said out of sight to her left.
       "Yep. There is a lot being wasted here."
       The buxom brunette was still trying to figure out if they had
complimented or insulted her when the man quit. Julie wanted him to continue,
but knew she could not complain.
      The whole purpose of her bondage, and of her position, because apparent
when the man stood behind her. The pressure plate beneath his feet caused the
chain to shorten. Slowly Julie bent over. With her legs spread, her pussy was
available.
      "Mmmmmmmm," she groaned through the gag in her mouth when he took
advantage of her position. As he thrust forward, her body moved. The rubber
dildo slid into her mouth.
     "Oh, no! I'm going to get it from both ends!"
      As the man slammed his hips against her bottom to shove his cock in her
pussy, her body moved forward. The chain connected to the head harness pulled
the device in motion so the hard rubber cock slid into her mouth.
       "Mmfftt."
       She did not like the dildo in her mouth.
       "Mmmfffftttt."
       This would not be so bad, she thought, if it wasn't for the dildo.
       "Mmmmfffffttttt!"
        Maybe if she ignored it...
        "Mmmmmfffffttttttttttttttttt!!!"
        She panted for breath after coming as the dildo slid back and forth in
her mouth. Maybe it wasn't so bad she thought.
       "Mmmfffttt."
        Maybe, maybe...
       "Mmmmmffffftttttt."
       By her fifth orgasm Julie was actively sucking on the dildo. By the
eighth, she had her eyes closed as she imagined it was the real thing.
       "Mmmmmffffftttttt!!!"
       Half an hour after he began, the man was finished with her.
       "Well, I'm off to find me a blue-eyed blonde."
       Julie was sorry that he left. She had enjoyed herself so. His friend
remained behind. The naked brunette's hopes began to rise. On his way out, the
man had not stepped on the pressure plate that would allow her to straighten up.
She remained bent over with legs spread, available for instant use if the man
wanted to available himself.
      He was content to fondle her dangling titties at first. Julie was as
aroused as a woman could be already, so what he did tease her. She moaned
through the dildo filling her mouth. She wanted him badly.
     She knew why they kept gags in the mouths of slave girls, so they would not
be able to beg for more.
      Eventually he moved around behind her. As he thrust his cock into her
pussy, the hard rubber dildo slid effortlessly into her mouth.
      Julie felt herself coming almost immediately. She did not want the evening
to end.




Slave Girls in Bondage
Chapter 30

You may remember that the day before, Nadia, Lori and Becky arrived in town in
search of Nancy and her D.A.A.M. (Dominant Anti-Amazon Mistress) friends. Well,
Nancy had few D.A.A.M. friends in town, but a hot tip sent a part of Amazons to
a little town down the coast. It was there that Nadia found Nancy.
     Or, to be more precise, Nancy found Nadia.
     Nadia was a big girl, but there were five of them and they took her by
surprise. The first step was to slap a piece of tape across her mouth. They
could be assured then that the remainder of the activity could proceed without
interference from the other Amazons who were only a few meters away in another
room.
     They pushed the big-chested brunette to the floor. She thrashed. She
kicked. But it all did no good. They rolled her onto her front. While two pairs
of hands held her hands together palm to palm, another wrapped a rubber strap
about the wrists. When they tied it, the young woman was helplessly bound, her
fate sealed. Nothing she did would stop them from turning her into a most
obedient and submissive slave girl.
      While Nadia continued to resist, her efforts were no more successful than
before. 
      Three activities began about the same time. Besides shortening the time
needed from beginning to end, it kept the captive confused. While she fought
them from doing one thing to her, they did another unmolested.
     At one end of the captive, one D.A.M. member knelt with Nadia's head
between her knees. The buxom captive could raise her head a little, but really
could do nothing to stop the woman from doing what she wanted. She pulled the
pins from Nadia's hair. Once she had it loose, she parted it in two.
Methodically, she formed the two halves into pigtails high on the sides of
Nadia's head near the back. She held each pigtail in place with a rubber band.
     Other women started at various points of Nadia's body to strip her naked.
The hooked blade of a disrobing knife had no trouble cutting through the leather
of an Amazon's outfit. (They had to be careful though. Once they had been so
energetic in stripping a captive naked, they had cut her bonds.)
     The final D.A.M. woman worked on Nadia's feet. First she bound her ankles
together with another rubber strap. Once that was done, she slipped her feet
into sandals with a fifteen-centimeter stiletto heel. (If Nadia was to look like
a slave girl, she had to be shod in shoes that were anything but "sensible.")
     Once the garment was gone from the Amazons's arms, one woman tied her
elbows together using a third rubber strap. The elasticity of the strap kept her
from pulling the elbows together, but the strap provided enough constriction to
make her even more helpless.
    When she had the sandals strapped to Nadia's feet, the woman pulled the
bottom of the latex sheath over her feet. The bottom was molded to fit the shape
of the captive's feet. She pulled it over the toes and about the feet. The hard
part was maneuvering the latex about so she could fit each stiletto heel through
a hole designated for it.
     It took two women to pull it up the captive's legs. When they reached
Nadia's hips, a third woman joined the effort. The shiny black latex stretched
to fit the contours of the naked captive's body.
     When they had it midway up her back, they shoved Nadia's bound arms into a
sheath attached to the back. Now, they not only had to pull the snug garment up
her body, they had to pull it up her arms.
     The result was worth the extra effort as arm sheath worked as a single
glove.
      The efforts to do this were made easier as Nadia's attention was
elsewhere. The woman who had formed her long hair into pigtails threaded each
through holes in a latex hood. She then pulled the hood down over the woman's
head. Nadia tried unsuccessfully to stop her. While she concentrated on moving
her head about, she ignored the latex sheath encompassing her body.
     In a matter of minutes they had the Amazon encased in black latex. Little
of her body showed. The stiletto heels of her sandals stuck through but that was
not properly part of her body. Her hair cascaded down in a pair of long
pigtails. Her eyes and nostrils were visible through special holes in the latex
hood.
      These were inconsequential though. What anyone would notice first though
was Nadia's large tits that protruded through a pair of holes cut in the chest
of the sheath.
      Nadia could hardly resist when they moved her so she sat upright. The
woman did something to her hair.
      "Come along. Don't Dawdle."
      The buxom captive could do nothing as they pulled her to her feet and
dragged her across the room to a full-length mirror.
      Nadia needed only one look to know that no one would recognize her. The
only part of her body that anyone would notice would be those giant breasts of
hers, and as the saying goes: "Tits is tits."
      The captive's body was totally encased in the shiny black latex. While
Nadia's dark hair almost matched the hue of the latex, they had provided
contrast by tying a white sating bow to her hair where it emerged from the latex
hood.
      Nancy put her left hand under Nadia's left tit. Her right arm was around
the captive to insure she did not fall over.
     "I never met an Amazon who could resist a big tit."
     She laughed as she let go. She then slapped each mound to watch it wobble.
     Now you may wonder, who tits are larger, Colleen's, Julie's or Nadia's? 
Nadia was a big woman and her tits were the largest of the three. Colleen was
much shorter, and if hers were a little smaller, they were larger in comparison
to her height.
     (As was noted earlier in the day, anything larger than a handful was wasted
anyway.)
     "Somebody check to see if the coast is clear."
     Once they knew there were no Amazons lurking about in the corridor or the
lobby of the inn where they were staying, one of the women squatted a little so
she could sling Nadia over her left shoulder. The buxom captive tried to resist,
but there was nothing she could do.
     The clerk watched with uninterested eyes as the five women appeared in the
lobby with a slave girl. (If she was not a slave girl, she certainly deserved to
be one for allowing herself to be bound as one.)
     They set the latex-clad figure so she stood upright (with the help of two
of the other women who held her). One woman looped a rubber strap about the
captive's chest above her large, bare titties. Each end had a metal ring. She
threaded the smaller ring through the upper.
     The lobby had many accessories that would allow a master or mistress to put
a slave girl on display for the pleasure of others. Nancy had chosen one of
these. A chain dangled down from the ceiling. Though they intended it to allow a
slave girl's hands to be secured over her head, Nancy could use it to accomplish
her aims. They attached one end of a short chain to the smaller ring on the
rubber strap. They then threaded the other end of the chain through the ring on
the end of the chain dangling from the ceiling. Two women lifted Nadia's body in
the air to create slack in their chain. One woman pulled it down and hooked the
working end to one of the links.
     When the women let go and backed away, Nadia hung from the chain, her toes
a couple dozen centimeters above the floor.
     The D.A.M.  Women had done this often before to Amazons so the next step
took only seconds. They attached another chain to the metal ring at Nadia's toes
on the latex outfit. The woman threaded it through the ring on the floor below
the captive. She passed the working end to a cohort squatting behind the
captive. She threaded the working end through the metal ring at Nadia's
fingertips. Running the chain back toward the floor, she pulled all slack from
it before hooking it to a link.
     This all left Nadia dangling without being able to move.
     They had one more thing to do. There was one more ring on the latex outfit,
midway between her breasts at the bottom. Nancy hooked a short, but willowy
switch to it.
     "Come on."
     The clerk watched the five women scamper across the lobby to the corridor
leading to their rooms.
     Once she was alone, Nadia began to struggle but learned what all slave
girls knew. Once she had been bound and gagged, she was helpless. Nothing she
did would gain her any freedom at all.
     She tried to get the clerk to come over and free her, but he was too
occupied admiring the way those gigantic tits of her wobbled while she struggled
with her bondage.
     Frustrated with her inability to get free, Nadia stopped struggling for a
while. After a couple of minutes, she tried to get free again with the same lack
of success.
     The buxom beauty was still struggling when her friends came out. She
grunted through the gag in a vain attempt to let them knew who she was.
     She did not more than present the image of a slave girl who needed
discipline. Danielle led the group to her. With hands on hips, the Amazon
studied the captive's helpless position.
     "Big, beautiful tits, and they are just going to waste here."
      Removing the switch from the ring, she used the end to poke one nipple,
then the other. The tips did not respond as she had hoped.
      "Let's make these girls nice and pointed."
       She began to slap the switch against the captive right nipple. The blows
were not hard, but Nadia's body convulsed in pain with every blow.
       "Let me try."
       Lori took the switch. Her targets were not the nipples, but each blow was
harder. Nadia tried to scream through the gag. She tried to let them know who
she was. Nothing she did helped. They passed the switch from one Amazon to
another until all had at least two turns. By then, a series of line welts across
Nadia's titties showed where the switch had landed.
      Laughing, the Amazons moved on.
      Nancy and her cohorts came out some time later. They wanted to make
certain the Amazons were gone.
      "You were right, Nancy, the Amazons do know how to admire a fine pair of
tits."
     Nadia did not resist as they lowered her to the floor. Once they removed
the chain from the ring at her feet, one of the women slung her over her
shoulder. The women hurried back to their room.
     The clerk appeared uninterested until he was certain they could not see
him. As he watched the women disappear down the corridor, the faintest trace of
a smile appeared on his face.
     Nadia found herself kneeling on a low bench. She could do nothing, not even
watch, as they bound her legs to the bench. One woman tied a rope to the ring at
her fingertips. She tossed it over a rafter. When it came down, another woman
eagerly pulled on it. By shortening the rope she pulled the buxom captive's
hands in the air. Nadia had to bend over. She fell forward, but because they
attached the rope to the ring, she did not fall down.
     In this position, her bottom pushed against the latex. Nancy smiled as she
patted it.
     "If there's one thing I like, it's a broad target."
      The paddle was a common type, not unlike the one the Amazons used to force
a woman to submit. Nancy drew it back, then slapped it against Nadia's fanny.
     Crack!!
     The Amazon thrashed about, her massive tits wobbling wildly. The other
women laughed heartily as Nancy drew the paddle back again.
     Crack!!
     "I don't hear any complaints. She must be enjoying it."
     Crack!!
     Nadia continued to thrash about as much as her bondage would allow. They
all knew that before long she would be begging to wear the collar of a slave
girl. Until then they would continue to pummel her ass her switch, whip, and
paddle.

To be continued comments welcomed.




Slave Girls in Bondage
Chapter 31

     We must not forget Colleen, the big-chested redhead. When last we left her,
the whipmistress had finished having her humiliate herself in front of free men
and women. She led the luscious slave girl through the building blindfolded. By
now Colleen walked faster than before, even though bound and blindfolded. She
had not become used to walking on a leash while blindfolded during her few hours
as a slave girl.  Rather, she was too numb to resist or worry about what might
happen to her.
     She continued to wear the blindfold when several sets of hands stripped her
naked. The blindfold came off for a few seconds so they could collect her long,
lovely tresses to fasten them out of the way above her shoulders. They did not
pin her hair on top her head as that was the hairstyle of a free woman, and
Colleen was a slave girl, no more, no less. A slave girl simply pulled her hair
over her head and held it there with both hands. A second slave girl wrapped a
leather sheath about her hair so one edge pressed against her scalp. As she
fitted this sheath in place, the other slave girl let go. The second slave girl
held the sheath in place so the first could buckle the two straps on place.
     This sheath lifted Colleen hair's high above her head. She quickly
understood why. They did not want her long hair to get wet. Set in the floor
before her was a giant bathtub. Waiting for her was a pair of slave girls
tethered to rings set in the edge of the bathtub. Colleen saw they were naked
from the waist up. The water came up to their tits so she could not see from the
waist down but she suspected they were totally naked. 
     Steps led down to the water on the other end of the bathtub. Two slave
girls led Colleen down to the bottom of the steps.  Once they had the slave girl
in water, they reattached the leather blindfold.
     In the few seconds she had been able to see, Colleen saw that there were
only two mistresses present One was the woman who had brought her. Everyone else
present, those who had undressed her and fixed her hair on top her head, those
who waited for her in the bathtub, were all slave girls.
     Each wore a slave collar and nothing else besides a bright red rubber ball
gag, identical to the one that insured her silence.
     Colleen stood in the water with her legs spread wide as they had taught
her. The other slave girls went to work washing her. She felt them scrubbing
every part of her body. In that position, they had no trouble reaching every
crevice. When they finished, they guided her back to the steps. As she emerged
from the water, they rubbed towels over her body to dry her off.
     The naked captive had to admit that she had never been subjected to such
luxurious service.
     When they had her dry, the service continued as they sprayed her with
expensive perfume. They applied lip gross and nipple rouge.
     The clothing was next. Colleen could not see it, but knew it had to be
expensive and erotic. To make it easier to get it on her, the slave girls
dressing the newly-collared slave girl's arms over her head so her hands were a
meter and a half apart. The luscious captive could not see that they locked each
wrist in a leather strap that was attached to a bar by a short chain.
     The slave girls dressed Colleen first in a black satin garter belt. Small,
black satin ruffles lined the edges in front. The garter belt held up a pair of
black stockings, sheer except for the seam up the back.
     While one slave girl slipped the buxom captive's feet into black, patent
leather sandals with fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels, another slipped the
black satin miniskirt about Colleen's slender waist. The miniskirt was the
typical length for a slave girl, it barely came to the tops of the stockings in
front while it was so short in back that the hem stopped at the bottom of her
cheeks.
     A black leather belt, six centimeters wide went over the top at her waist.
(She did not realize that the belt was not necessary to hold the miniskirt up.)
     The halter top was sheer black, made of the same material as her stockings,
and only slightly more opaque. The dusky hue gave the illusion of hiding her
titties, but each supple mound was clearly visible.
     The blindfold came off so they could fix her hair. The ponytail on top her
head was funny-looking, and hardly romantic. The long red tresses were brushed
out, and then pinned back from her face.
     They reapplied the blindfold. Colleen was a slave girl. She had to see
nothing.
     She felt them attach a leash to the ring on the front of her collar. Once
they knew she could not flee, they freed her hands long enough for them to pull
shoulder-length, black satin gloves up her arms. One slave girl worked on each
arm. When she was finished with the glove, she pulled that arm behind Colleen's
back.  When both were there, another slave girl attached handcuffs to keep them
there.
     A tug on the leash told her to start forward. She stumbled along where they
led her. She did not know where they were taking her and only hoped they would
not punish her when they arrived.
     "Stop."
     Hands on her shoulders turned her body partway around.
     "Spread �em."
     A tap on the inside of her left knee with a switch reminded her of her
status. The buxom redhead spread her legs as far apart as she could.
     That was how Colleen spent the rest of the afternoon waiting for her master
to arrive. She guessed she was alone, but with the blindfold on, she could not
be certain, and even if she was alone, where could she flee, dressed as a slave
girl and wearing a collar? With her hands cuffed behind her back she could not
do anything for herself. With the ballgag filling her mouth, she could not call
out for help.
     All she could do was stand there and wait.
     She heard voices, three of them. One, a male, sounded in charge.
     "There is my new toy."
     Colleen's body stiffened. She recognized that voice. It was her boss,
Calvin Cameroon. He must have come to rescue her!
     She felt a hand on a tit.
     "You know, I've admired these girls ever since you came to work for me.
From that first day, I've thought the only thing that could make them better was
a leather slave collar about that cute throat of yours."
     He stood behind her with his arms about her body. One hand grasped each
tittie and gently squeezed it.
     Colleen realized the horrible truth � her boss was not there to rescue her.
He was her master!
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
      His thumbs and index fingers concentrated on the nipples. He rolled them
back and forth until he felt them grow pointed. They were not hard yet. He knew
she was a new slave girl. He knew it would take a few days for her to become
aroused merely at her master's touch.
     He knew it would happen, and it would happen much more quickly than the
redhead would ever imagine.
      "Let me get rid of a few of these unnecessary trappings so I can better
admire my new, prized possession."
      The first thing he removed was the blindfold. He tossed it aside. He
believed that if Colleen saw what he did to her, the more she would enjoy it and
want it again.
     The top went next. The sheet top had no obstructed his sight, but with it
off, his hands now made direct contact with her flesh. Gently he caressed both
titties, slowly at first and then more rapidly with each passing second.
      Colleen's body responded as he knew it would.
      The miniskirt was next. With her legs spread wide, Colleen could not hide
her pussy.
      Slowly his left hand moved down her body from her right tit to her crotch.
Gently he fingered her pussy. He smiled when the redhead closed her eyes after a
few seconds. Her breaths were becoming more rapid and shallow.
     She was becoming aroused. This did not surprise him. She was a slave girl.
She lived to give him pleasure. That meant she had to share it.
     "You're just as hot as I expected you to be. Come over here."
     The way he worded it, it sounded almost as though it was a request but he
held her by both shoulders to turn her about and guide her in the direction he
wanted.
     To her right and somewhat behind her, there was a slave girl bar. She knew
what its purpose was. She had seen slave girls set out for male use. Now it was
her turn.
     Mounted in the floor a foot and a half from the bar was a mirror. She
wondered why it was there. Afraid she might break it and be punished, she
carefully stepped around it.
     "Spread �em."
     The buxom redhead moved her feet so they were more than a meter apart. She
looked down as she felt something at her right ankle. Her master was busy
fastening a leather cuff about her leg just above the ankle. When he had it
buckled securely, he attached a chain. When he had done the same to her left
leg, she could not pull her legs together to protect herself. She heard a
rumbling sound as the chains disappeared into holes in the floor. Her master had
triggered a switch that pulled the slack from the chains.
     She felt her master freeing her hands. She knew her freedom would not be
long, and she was right.
     "Bend over. Hands on the bar."
     The luscious captive bent her knees a little as she leaned forward. Her
hands landed on the surface of the wood bar. Quickly he attached leather cuffs
to her wrists. These already had two chains attached to each cuff. Once he had
the cuffs on though, he pushed a lever that pulled all the slack from the
chains.
     This left Colleen bent over, her weight resting on the palms of her hands.
Because of the leather cuffs and chains, she could not pull her hands away.
     Though the naked captive was bound in the desired position, she still had
too much ability to move. An experienced slave girl would know to keep her body
steady.  The master moved around behind the captive. Grabbing a chain that
dangled down from the ceiling, he pulled it over to Colleen where he attached it
to a ring on the right side of the leather belt about her slender waist. Quickly
he moved over to the other side to repeat the process.
     With these two chains hold her bottom steady, the captive redhead could
hardly move at all. True, she could wiggle her fingers and flex her knees a
little, but that was about it.
     Calvin was not quite ready to take advantage of his new slave girl's
helpless position. First he selected a slave girl in the hall. There were half a
dozen, dressed as French Maids, bound, gagged and blindfolded. The one he chose
had a dildo-gag. He led her into the room with Colleen and had her knee.
     He dropped his trousers, but before availing himself of Colleen's pussy, he
fingered it first. He heard the captive moan, perhaps in humiliation at first,
but then with desire as his careful fingering brought her close to a climax.
     His intent though was not to give her pleasure. She was a slave girl. She
existed only to give pleasure to others.
     Colleen looked down. Mounted on the floor below her head was a second
mirror. This one was aligned with the first so she could see her pussy. She
watched his fingers play with her. She continued to watch as he pulled his hand
away, only to replace it with his cock.
     Staring at the mirror in the floor below her head, Colleen had to watch as
he used her.
     Yes, the correct verb is "used." A man might make love to a free woman. A
man might have sex with a free woman. But a slave girl? He only used them.
      (The proper position for mounting a slave girl was the one Colleen was in.
A free woman might enjoy ecstasy with her knees against her chest, but the
proper way to enjoy the charms of a slave girl was to have her bend over with
her legs spread. While some romantics theorized that it enables the slave girl
to come more often, the truth was that it simply ensured that she knew her place
in society.)
     As all slave girls about to be used for the first time, Colleen vowed she
would not enjoy herself. She continued to repeat that thought to herself as she
came for the first time. She repeated it over and over in her mind as she came a
second and third. She came so often that she lost track of the number if tunes.
     She swore to herself that she had not enjoyed it, but was sorry when her
master quit.
     The purpose of the second slave girl was not evident to Colleen, but her
master used her mouth to clean up. She used her tongue to clean him off, making
his cock longer in the process. She stared at her master, her blue eyes begging
for the opportunity to replace Colleen as the instrument of her master's
pleasure..
     Ah, the buxom redhead has so much to learn about being a slave girl.





Slave Girls in Bondage
Chapter 32

     Not far from where Nadia was undergoing an attitude adjustment at the
hands of Nancy and the other members of D.A.A.M, the slaver Canjac sat at a
table in a little inn enjoying his dinner. We met him earlier outside the walls
of the city where the Amazons were showing off Andrea and their latest
acquisitions. Canjac was a man of taste, a man of manner, a man with a
discerning view toward acquiring only the most beautiful, most sensuous slave
girls.
     Servile? That was not a requirement to Canjac. His philosophy was simple
– the more beautiful the woman, the easier it is to turn her into a most
submissive slave girl.
     So here he is, in the same little oceanside town as the Amazons and the
D.A.A.M. A coincidence?  Let us see...
     Canjac's plans for the evening were interrupted in a most delightful
manner when a bag of coins landed on the table next to his plate.
     He had watched the woman's approach from the corner of his eye. When he
turned his head toward her, he did an instant appraisal of her looks. His
technique was quite simple.  Look at the woman. Imagine her with a ballgag in
her mouth. If the mental image is appealing, she is beautiful. No need to study
the slope of her nose, or how high her cheekbones are. Shove a ballgag in her
mouth, and if it was worth the effort, she is beautiful.
     The woman standing there passed the test easily.
     She had her dark brown hair pinned up in the manner of a free woman. Her
eyes were almost an identical shade. Though she tried to hide it with the
attire she wore, he could tell she had a most delightful body.
     "What is this for?"
     He gestured toward the bag of coins in a most casual manner as he asked
the question.
     Using that as an invitation, the woman pulled up a chair to sit down. She
leaned forward so no one could hear her plan.
     "My fee. My name is Emily Adams and I want you to teach me to be a
whipmistress."
     "Do you know who I am?"
     "Yes. You are Canjac, the Slave master."
     "If you know me, then you know I do not use whipmistresses."
     Her eyes flicked down toward the bag of coins as she thought about
retrieving it.
     "Besides, I can sense that you are the type of woman who is better-suited
to wearing a collar, than welding a whip."
     "I am not!"
     She sat back in the chair, her eyes wide in indignation at his statement.
     He knew why she wanted to be a whipmistress. She was afraid that if she
continued her own humdrum existence for much longer, she would find herself
stripped and collared. She thought there was protection in welding a whip.
Little did she know that he had his own stable of former whipmistresses.
     "And how often have you been on your back in with a man on top of you?"
     The beautiful brunette's eyes open wide at Canjac's lack of subtlety.
     The slaver smiled.
     "I can see that I was struck the mark there.  I have a little wager for
you.  Let me tie you up as a slave girl, and the use you as I would any other
slave girl, and if you do not decide to wear a collar, I will take you into
town and get you into an academy where they will train you as a whipmistress."
     "No!  As soon as you tie me up, you will put a collar on me."
     "No." The slaver smiled again.  "You were willing to take the risk of
going to town with me.  What was to stop me from tying you up, slapping a slave
collar about your lovely neck, and tossing you in a slave sack? Had it been my
intention to force you to be a slave girl, you presented me with a much better
opportunity than what I am offering you."
     The beautiful brunette sat back in the chair with her lips formed into a
pout that usually got men to do whatever she said.  What Canjac said was true.
She had to admit that. It had not occurred to her before what risks she was
taking. She offered the money before he took her to town. She should have
offered to give it to him after he took her there.
     But he was being honest with her. If she passed his test, she not only
would get started as a whipmistress, she would have her money.
     "And you will let me go?"
     "Yes.  You might make a very good whipmistress, but I think your talents
lie elsewhere.  There is no harm in finding out.  If you are right, if you
should be a whipmistress, then you come out ahead."
      "And if I win, what do you get out of it?"
     Canjac smiled for a third time.  "I get to enjoy the charms of a very
beautiful woman."             Several minutes later, the two stood in a small
room off the great hall of the inn.  This room was utilized often by masters
and mistresses so they could enjoy the charms of slave girls.  There were many
accessories about the room that enable a master to bind a slave girl in any
position he wished.
     "Lock your hands together behind the back of your head. Remember, you can
do nothing without my permission."
     Canjac began removing the young woman's clothing.  She wore slacks as was
common for a free woman.  He allowed them to fall down to the floor.  "Step out
of them."  While the beautiful brunette did that, he unfastened the buttons on
the back of her blouse.  He pulled her right hand down to pull the blouse off
that arm.  When he was finished, he pulled her hand back up toward her head she
knew to put it back in the place where it was before.  He did the same to her
left arm.  In seconds the beautiful brunette stood there wearing nothing but
her white cotton pants and bra.
     He removed the bra first.  He did not let the beautiful woman see the
smile on his face when he saw her titties. They were just as marvelous and
perky as he expected them to be.
     He dropped the bra on the floor at her feet. Her panties were next.  He
slid them down her hips. Once they were at mid-thigh, he let go so they dropped
down to her ankles.
     "Step out of them."  Once she had done that, he added, "Spread your feet
as the far apart as your shoulders."
     The beautiful brunette stood there for several minutes while he slowly
circled her, examining her naked, luscious body.  He came to a stop behind her.
 She tensed her body when she felt him reaching around in front of her from
both sides.  His hands cupped her tits.  Gently his fingers played with her
nipples.  She could not help but look down as she felt the nipples become hard
and pointed.
     "I can tell you have played this game before."
     "Only once or twice."
     "Did I give you permission to speak?"
     Canjac crossed the room to a cabinet.  While the main bondage items were
out in plain sight, the little accessories that complemented the ropes and
chains were hidden in a series of cabinets, cupboards and shelves along each
wall. While he did not know where the items were, he knew it would not take
long to find what he wanted.
     From the second drawer of the cabinet, he selected a standard ballgag –
a bright red rubber ball with a black leather strap through the center of it.
Tossing it up in catching it in his hand, he made his way back to the naked
woman.
     The beautiful brunette grimaced when she saw the ballgag coming. She had
come this far so she did not resist. She opened her mouth wide. Canjac slid it
between her teeth. Next he pulled her hands up so they were on top her head.
Then pulling the ends of the strap behind her head, he buckled them together so
she could not push the rubber ball from her mouth with her tongue.
     He pulled the pins from her hair so her long dark tresses tumbled down
over her arms to her waist.
    He brought his left hand down across her front, once again fondling the
naked beauty's titties.        Emily tried to pull her body back. His touch was
not harsh. He played with her titties as any boyfriend would. She rather
enjoyed his touch. He knew what he was doing
    "Before we begin playing, let me do something with your hands."
     "Something" meant securing them in a leather singleglove. A strap ran
across her back, over her left shoulder and under that arm where Canjac buckled
it to the singleglove. He did the same to a strap that ran in the other
direction.
     When he stood back, the young captive was completely helpless. There was
no way she could get free on her own. Naked and gagged, she certainly could not
go around begging people to free her (not that any would).
     "Come over here."
     She followed him across the room. He pulled a straight-backed chair out
and positioned it so it faced the center of the room. He sat on it.
     "Now I want you to straddle my thighs."
     The beautiful brunette thought she knew what he wanted her to do, but she
was wrong.  Carefully she spread her legs apart as she waddled forward.  When
she was seated on the middle of his thighs, he grabbed her tits with both
hands.  At the same time, he spread his own legs apart, forcing hers further
apart.  Her pussy was now exposed, and with the singleglove securing her hand
and arms behind her back, she could do nothing to protect it.
      He surprised her. Instead of taking advantage of her exposed pussy, he
leaned forward to take the nipple for the left tittie in his mouth.  He sucked
on it for the few seconds before drawing his tongue over it.  Emily responded.
Both nipples became hard and pointed.  Canjac knew she was enjoying herself,
though she might deny it.
     He switched from the left tit to the right, alternating back and forth as
he made both nipples hard.  The beautiful captive squirmed about on the man's
legs.  She knew his cock was only centimeters from her pussy.  She wanted to
impale herself upon it, but he was in control.  He made all the decisions.  He
was not ready for that. Bound and gagged as she was, she could not even beg for
it.
     Canjac continued this sensual torment for almost ten minutes.  He knew his
luscious waif was close to achieving an orgasm simply from his oral
manipulation of her nipples.  He did not want that.  He did not want her to
come.
     "Okay.  On your feet."
     Emily was not used to being treated like this. Boys begged her for sex.
He just pushed her off his legs.  She came to her feet and allowed him to guide
her across the room.
     "Spread them."
     Emily moved her feet apart. She saw in the floor near her feet metal rings
with short chains attached. On the other end of each chain was a leather strap.
 She knew he was going to secure with her legs spread so she could do nothing
to keep him from availing himself of her exposed pussy.  She almost looked
forward to the experience.
     The beautiful brunette spread her legs so far apart that Canjac had no
trouble wrapping a leather cuff about each ankle. He saw no need to shorten the
chains as the naked captive's legs were already spread so far apart she could
not protect her pussy.  Neither was there a need to attach a padlock to the
buckle. Both knew she could not get the cuffs off with her arms secured in the
singleglove. She could not run off.
     The luscious captive bent over so her could use her from behind, but he
ignored her invitation for the moment. He walked to the wall behind them where
there was a winch. After unlocking it, he used it to lower a chain from the
ceiling. The chain ran from the winch to pulleys attached to the ceiling. It
dropped toward the floor right over the captive's head.
     Returning to his naked captive, he grabbed her by the singleglove.  She
was to be treated as a slave girl so there was no need for him to tell her what
he was going to do. Raising her hands in the air, he forced her to bend over
further.  In this position, he had no trouble attaching the ring at the end of
the singleglove to hook at the end of the chain.
     Smiling to himself, he backed away to examine his handiwork.  The naked
brunette was in the perfect position to be used.  She could not resist that
all.
      Emily might have been beautiful and sexy as a free woman, but in this
position she was nothing more than another slave girl ready to be used.
     "There is just one more thing."
     Emily could not see what else he could do to her. She was gagged and
helplessly bound in a singleglove. Her legs were spread with her ankles secured
to chains that kept her from pulling them together. The singleglove was
attached to something that forced her to remain bent over, her bare ass
protruding, her pussy exposed and available.
     The slaver returned a cabinet.  Searching through several drawers, he
finally found a simple leather blindfold.  This device consisted of a pair of
leather pads attached to a leather strap. Quickly moving back to his captive,
he slipped the device over her head.  Tightening the strap by pulling the
working end through the buckle, he made certain that each pad was tightly
pressed against one of his captives's eyes.
     Now Emily was even more helpless. She could not see what he intended to do
to her.
    The naked beauty made her body tense as she expected the man to take
advantage of her helplessness.  Instead, she felt his hands fondling her tits
again.  She knew she had been close to an orgasm when she sat on his lap. This
only added to her frustration.
    Emily had to wait until he was ready to use her. She had no control over
that.
     When he finally made his way around behind her, she listened as he dropped
his trousers.
     "Mmmmmmmm!"
     While the ballgag could keep her from speaking, it could not suppress her
moans of pleasure.
     "Mmmmmm!!  Mmmmmm!!  Mmmmmm!! Huh?"
     He walked around in front of her where he could fondle those dangling
titties again.
     "I bet you are the little town tease.  You always entice man with vague
promises of your charms, but only a few are allowed to sample that playground
between your thighs.  As you can tell, I'm in control now.  I make the decision
whether you are allowed to come or not."
     Giving the naked captive time to think about this, Canjac dressed and
returned to his table in the great hall of the inn. As it was, his other plans
were beginning to unfold.
     He had only begun his second glass of wine when the door burst open and a
small mob of Amazons entered.
     The leader of the Amazons, Danielle, stormed up to him.
     "I thought you told us you heard Nancy and her D.A.A.M associates would be
here?"
     Canjac smiled at her as he raised his class to his lips.  He imaged a
bright red rubber ball gag wedged into that mouth. His smile became broader.
     When he had finished, he said, "When you came into his room. I started
counting tits in came up two short.  Where is your big friend with the even
bigger tits?"
     "That has nothing to do with my question! You said you heard they were
here!"
     Canjac gave a little smile just to infuriate her. He wondered what she
would think if she knew that her name was on his list. It was near the top of
the list in fact.
    "But it does.  You did not find D.A.A.M, but obviously they found you."
    Slowly the Amazon straightened out.  What he said was true.  Too many
Amazons had mysteriously disappeared. It was D.A.A.M. at work.
    "So what do we do now that they know that you know they are here. Now the
question is, if you were they, what would you do?"
     Danielle frowned. Canjac frowned himself. She had such a beautiful face to
waste it on frowning.
     "What are you talking about?"
     "Now if I were they, I would note that you know they were here in town.
The logical thing for you to do is to collect all the Amazons you can find, and
come out here and make a room-to-room search of the entire town.  I am certain
that you would find them."
    This was so obvious, that her anger had pushed it from her mind.
     "That is what you should do. That is what they will expect you to do."
     "So what do we do?"
     "If they think you are coming back here, they will immediately head toward
town. By the time you discover they are not here and return to town, they will
be hidden and no doubt laying traps for you everywhere."
      "So what should we do?"
     "Double the guards at the city gates. Perhaps even triple them. If they
try to slip into town, you will catch them. If they approach the town, they
will see your guards and realize they cannot get in. You will know them when
they flee so you will be able to catch them."
     What he said made so much sense, Danielle, and all the other Amazons
accepted his idea without much discussion.
     "Thanks. We owe you."
     Canjac watched them leave as he finished his drink. Once the door was
closed, he muttered, "Stupid bimbos."
     He returned to the room where he found the lovely Emily still in the
position he had left her. Of course, bound as she was, she could not alter her
position at all.
	Groping her titties, he found the nipples almost soft. At his touch, they
became hard again. Quickly he dropped his trousers and went to work on her
pussy.
     "Mmmm!   Mmmmmm!  Mmmmmmmmmmm!    Mmmmmmmmmmmmm! Mmm!  Mmm!  Mmm! Huh?"
     He stopped when he could tell that she was about to come.
     Quickly he freed the beautiful woman from her bondage. She flexed her arms
once they were out of the singleglove. The only trace she still had of her
bondage was the ballgag filling her mouth.
     He gestured toward a cabinet.
     "There is your clothing and a slave collar. When I return, I expect you to
be wearing one of them."
     Have we finally met a person of character and honor, and man who can be
trusted? A man of integrity?
     Yeah. Sure.
     His destination was the same inn where Nadia was learning to be a good
little slave girl.
     In the great hall, he noticed a pair of young women seated at a table. The
brunette was of average height, the blonde much taller. It took each only a
fraction of a second to pass the ballgag test.
     The clerk behind the desk watched without reacting as he moved down a
corridor. When he knocked once on the door, a young woman opened it.
     "Come in. Your information was right. Hey, Nancy, that guy is here!"
     Canjac's eyes swept across the room. Except for Nadia, who had here face
buried in a woman's crotch, there were eleven women present. He applied the
ballgag test instinctively. The slight smile was an indication that all passed.
     "You couldn't leave well enough alone, could you?"
     "What do you mean?"
     "Now the Amazons know you are here. I spread the rumor that you were
coming so they would send reinforcements. That one," he gestured toward Nadia,
"Was one of them. There are many to choose from now, but they have so many they
can come after you."
     "What do you mean?"
     The room was silent except for the slurping sounds Nadia made with her
tongue.
     "They told me they have one group that will guard the town so you cannot
get it. Another one is going to come after you. You can't stay here, you can't
run, you can't get into town. As far as I'm concerned, I've never met you."
    He turned as though to leave.
     "Can't you think of something?"
     "If you split up...No, any woman trying to enter the town is liable to
find herself wearing a collar. No, I don't see a way."
     Loud arguments erupted behind him. He stopped at the door.
     "There might be one way. Do you have a contact in town, someone you
trust?"
     "Sure. It is..."
     "Don't tell me. I don't want to know! There might be a way to get into
town without drawing the attention of the Amazons. I saw some shipping barrels
on the way in. You and your associates disguise yourselves as slave girls, and
send yourselves to you contact in town."
     The loud reaction told him his suggestion had been rejected.
     "You could use the shipping barrels. From the time you left here until you
arrived in town, the only part of you that anyone would see would be your
heads."
      "You got to have a better plan than that."
     "No, I don't. If I think of one, I'll let you know. But I figure by this
time tomorrow night this place will be crawling with Amazons. So whatever you
plan to do, you had better do it quickly."
    With a polite smile, he left the room. Once the door was closed behind him,
he muttered, "Stupid bimbos."
    At the great hall, the blonde and brunette had left. Canjac paused for only
a second. He would have liked to have invited them over to his place, but he
had no plans to put a collar on them. They were simply nubile and available
Besides, other things were happening.
     The desk clerk continued to stare at him. Canjac raised his hand to his
nose with the index finger raised. Deliberately, he flicked the fingertip
across the tip of his nose.
     The desk clerk said nothing, but raised his hand to repeat the gesture.
     It was not until he was back at the inn that he remembered Emily.
     He found the beautiful brunette kneeling in the center of the room. She
still wore the ballgag but now she had added a pair of handcuffs.
     About her neck was the leather slave collar.
     He pulled a chair over in front of her.
     "There is a little ritual between a slave girl and her new owner."
     He slapped his thighs with both palm. Emily staggered to her feet and laid
herself across his lap.
    Slap!  Slap!  Slap!  Slap!
    The naked beautiful squealed with each blow, but she was no in pain.
     "On you feet, Slave Girl, I think we have some unfinished business over
there."
     Emily rose as quickly as she could. She practically leaped across the room
to the place where he had secured her. She spread her legs so he could fit the
leather cuffs about her ankles.
     She looked over her left shoulder and grunted for him to hurry up.

To be continued -- comments welcomed.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 33

     And so, what was lovely, red-haired Colleen up to once her master finished
using her?
     A whipmistress led the buxom beauty about the house on a leash, this time
without a blindfold. She knew they all assumed rebellion was the last thing on
her mind since her master had favored her by using her body.
     Perhaps they were right. Colleen had come many times, more than she ever
had as a free woman. She was too exhausted to try to escape. As she walked
through the house she wondered how often her master intended to use her, and if
there were other men about who had the right to sample her abundant charms.
     The whipmistress walked quickly, forcing Colleen to struggle to keep up.
     She was unused to walking around in those high heels yet. Periodically the
mistress would jerk on the leash as a reminder for the little slave girl to keep
up. Colleen would respond by moving her shapely legs faster, the high heels
clicking loudly on the floor.
  Without warning the mistress slipped the end of the leash over a latch on the
wall. The latch snapped shut when the ring pressed against it. The mistress then
continued down the hall without
breaking stride.
     Colleen, tethered to the latch, stood helplessly until someone came to free
her.
     The captive beauty studied the latch as she waited. The simple latch, made
so a person could attach a leash with one hand, was mounted on the wall two
meters above the floor. The redhead knew she could not reach it with her arms
cuffed behind her back. She could not escape. She could only stand there,
waiting.
     She was a slave girl. She had no will but that of her master's and she had
no doubt at all what he wanted.
     The buxom redhead studied her tether chain with such intensity that she did
not see the door a meter to her left. Within a couple minutes a French Maid
emerged to free the end of the leash. A tug told the slave girl to follow her
into the room.
     The buxom slave girl noticed immediately that this slave girl had a
different type of gag. The one Colleen wore was identical to what most of the
others wore, a ballgag consisting of a bright
red, rubber ball with a black leather strap through a hole in the center. The
ends of the strap were buckled behind her head under her long hair.
     This French Maid, and three others in that room, had different gags. As
with Colleen's gag, a black leather strap held the gag in the captives' mouth.
No rubber balls filled their mouths to insure their silence. Without seeing what
filled their mouths behind the leather straps, the redhead knew what they had
their long hair was also fixed in pigtails high on the backs of their heads so
it was not near their faces.
     Each wore a dildo gag, a symbol of her oral submission to men. Each wore
her hair in pigtails to insure her long tresses did not get in the way when she
used her mouth to please men.
      The French Maid holding leash led her to the center of the room where the
other French Maids bound her spreadeagle between chains dangling from the
ceiling and others mounted to rings set in the floor. She was helpless and
vulnerable. She was a slave girl.
     During brief periods of partial freedom, the French Maids stripped her
naked. They would release an arm or leg whenever they needed access to a
particular limb. Once they were done, a slave girl pulled the limb back into
position and attached a leather cuff so she was once helpless.
     A whipmistress watched from a stool set against one wall with her eyelids
half closed with boredom. These French Maids were well trained and quite docile.
Resistance or escape was the thought furthest from their minds. With nothing
better to do, the mistress studied each of the French Maids as she tried to
decide which to take her to room that night to please her.
     They dressed Colleen in green satin. Her shiny green satin bra lifted those
massive boobs, pressing them together to give an impressive view of cleavage.
The green patent leather high-heeled sandals matched the bra. About her hips
they fitted a green satin garter belt. Basically it was, but along the edges in
front and on the sides were black lace ruffles. The stockings had a greenish
tint to them, just enough to make them match the rest of her outfit.
     As with the bra, the panties were green satin. One French Maid knelt on
each side of the redhead to secure the panties in place. The panties were little
more than two satin triangles, a small one in front and a somewhat larger one in
back. They were held in place by a pair of thin satin ribbons on each hip. The
French Maids tied and retied the ribbons until they had the panties
stretched snugly across her round bottom.
     Colleen knew a tug on the bow on either hip would cause the panties to fall
to her feet. She remembered that old adage that the only reason to put panties
on a slave girl was to remove them.
     The dress was green satin to match the remainder of her outfit. The
neckline was cut so low in front that it followed the top of the twin cups of
the bra. The cut of the dress emphasized
Colleen's impressive cleavage. The skirt part was flared and so short that if
she bent over, anyone standing behind her could see the panties.
     About the redhead's slender waist they fastened a broad, black leather
belt. The lovely captive looked down while a French Maid buckled it securely in
place. While that was going on, two others unfastened her arms. They brought
them around behind her back where they held each hand against the opposite
elbow. About the time they had her arms in the proper position, the French Maid
was finished with the belt. She moved around behind the captive where a fourth
French Maid had a black leather armbinder ready.
     With each hand at the opposite elbow, the captive's arms formed a U.  The
armbinder fit about her arms to hold them in that position. Quickly one French
maid held the leather bondage device in position while the other laced it up.
Instead of holes for the laces, there were little hooks so all the slave girl
had to do was whip the laces back and forth. In a couple of minutes she had
laced the device together from one end to the other. She threaded the ends
through a set of holes at the end. When she tied a bow, she had the buxom slave
girl helplessly bound.
     Colleen discovered she was even more helpless now than she had been before.
She could move her arms little. She could certainly do nothing to defend
herself.
     While the French Maid finished lacing the device together, another
approached with a leather strap. Although Colleen was already  helpless, that
was not enough.
     Below each elbow on the arm binder there was a ring. Near each was another
ring, these on the belt about the captive's waist. The slave girl attached the
strap to the ring at Colleen's right
elbow. Next she threaded the end through the ring on the belt. After threading
it through the other ring on the belt, she attached it to the second ring on the
armbinder. This strap pulled the armbinder snugly against the belt. It was
impossible for Colleen to move her arms away from her back.
     Since Colleen had nothing to do until they were finished with her, she
studied her sister slave girls.
     They appeared quite content with their status in life. Those with the
dildo-gags were busy sucking on them.
     Once in a while she thought she saw one or two of those with ballgags
throwing covetous glances at those with the dildo-gags.
      Another French Maid attached a chain leash to Colleen's collar. Once they
were done with the armbinder, she pulled on the leash. Colleen did not resist
but merely followed where the slave girl
led her.
     The French Maid turned left out the door. Her bottom wiggled from
side-to-side as she hurried along, the captive redhead in tow. Colleen had
trouble keeping up. She was not used to walking in those towering stiletto
heels.
     They passed many other slave girls. Some were tethered to rings on the
walls. Others, dressed as French Maids, cleaned things that appeared to be
clean.
     Some were chained naked, slightly bent over, legs chained far apart.
Colleen knew why her master had them bound in that position. She looked to the
right as they hurried past three displayed slave girls and wondered if he bound
them in that position as a punishment, or as a reward.
     One glance told Colleen the French Maid had led her to her master's dining
room. On her right there was a dinner table. The French Maid and Colleen with
her stopped next to the chair at the
head of the table, Colleen spreading her legs wide apart as she knew a good
slave girl should.
     Colleen tried to look over her left shoulder when the French Maid moved
around behind her, but her long tresses blocked her view. Her ability to see
ended abruptly when the French Maid slipped a black satin blindfold over her
head. The elastic strap made it easy to put it over her eyes. The blindfold was
simple, but quite effective.
     Colleen felt the French Maid remove the leash, and heard her walk off.
     Colleen spent the next hour blindfolded, bound and gagged. She heard dinner
being served, the tinkling of glassware, plates and glass, the clicking of
several slave girls' high heels on the floor.
     No one paid any attention to her.
     "I guess I'm being saved for dessert."
     As it was, the buxom little slave girl was correct in this thought. When
her master finished with his dinner, he signaled a slave girl to bring the
redhead to him. Taking her by the hips with both
hands, he pulled her forward. Colleen had to spread her legs wide to straddle
his legs. She sat in his thighs with hers spread wide apart.
     Her breath came in short gasps. She found herself becoming aroused just at
the thought of being used. She wished he would remove the panties so he could
get at her pussy.
     He removed the blindfold first.
     "Let's see what kind of tasty treats we have here."
     Hooking his finger in the neckline of the dress, he pulled both the dress
and bra off her left tit. He turned his attention to the other side. In seconds
that tittie was visible too.
     "I have been looking forward to owning these girls since I first saw you."
     His left hand massaged the nipple of the right tit as his mouth sucked on
the left. Once it became hard and pointed, he rubbed his tongue on it.
     Colleen responded with an excited squeal through the gag. She tried to
squeeze her legs together but could get no relief. She issued one little moan
after another.
     "I think it's time for you to earn your keep."
     He removed the ballgag. In seconds, the new slave girl knelt between his
knees, his cock
in her mouth. With his hands on the back of her head, she could not pull her
head back to pull it from her mouth. She rammed her mouth forward, then pulled
it back. Faster and faster she went as she wondered if he would ever come.
     When he felt himself coming, he pulled her head forward so his enlarged
cock stuck deep in her mouth. The goo exploded into the back of her mouth and
slid down her throat.
     "Now I want you to lick it clean."
     The only mess was in her mouth and she had swallowed most of it. Still, he
was her master and he had given her an order. The action of her tongue on his
cock caused it to become swollen
again. The tip of her tongue lapped against it from the crown to the base.
     "Kiss it. Now make me come again."
     The redhead's tongue, lips and jaw ached by the time her master came in her
mouth again. She was becoming used to pleasing him. She looked up as her head
moved forward and back, seeking his approval of the job she did with her mouth.
      Colleen thought she was done, but discovered there were other men there.
The majordomo was first. There were retainers and guards. A whipmistress led her
from one man to another. On her knees she brought them pleasure, then used her
mouth to clean up.
     Hours later she found herself back on her knees in front of her master.
     "I have a new treat for you."
     He held a dildo-gag down in front of her face.
     "Now I want you to make love to it."
     Colleen took the hard rubber shaft in her mouth and began pumping her head
up and down as she had on his cock. She continued as long as her master wanted
her to, but almost crying, wishing she was doing this with the real thing in her
mouth.
     "You are a good little slave girl, Colleen. I think you deserve this."
     He pushed the dildo into her mouth with one hand and held it there. His
other pulled her head down.
     "Press your lips together to hold it in place."
     This freed both hands to fast the ends of the strap together behind her
head.
     He signaled a whipmistress to get the kneeling slave girl. She attached a
chain leash attached to her collar. Colleen came to her feet when ordered by a
tug.
     The buxom redhead did not need another to know to follow.
     That morning she had been a free woman. Now, in less than a day, she had
become a most submissive slave girl. The dildo-gag told everyone that she
willing to do anything to please her master.
     Then Colleen saw the looks of the other slave girls, staring at her. They
were not laughing at her humiliation behind their ballgags. Most of them were
not as beautiful as she was, and none had knockers as large as hers. They were
jealous of her.
    There was a hierarchy among the slave girls. In just a few hours Colleen had
moved near the top of it in this household by showing her master just how much
she was willing to please him.
     Colleen stared straight ahead so the other slave girls knew she ignored
them. They had been slave girls longer than she. If they had not learned to
please their master as she had, they were not worth looking at.
     She walked as fast as she could in those high heels, her eyes staring at
the whipmistress holding her leash. She held her nose slightly in the air, a
certain sign of disdain for the other slave girls. With each step her tongue
moved rapidly across the surface of the shaft in her mouth.
      She had earned the favor of her master. She wanted to be ready to please
him the next time.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 34

     Except for the occasional moan of a slave girl as a switch played across
her soft flesh, all was silent in the town. No furtive figures lurked in the
shadows nor flickered past the dim light cast by the occasional unshuttered
window. Perhaps the only sign of movement was the faint clanging of a bell as a
ship rocked to and fro on the water. 
     Several blocks from the ocean, the inn stood cloaked in the darkness of
the night. A lantern near the door lit the way for the lonely traveler but few
came in the direction. People with money went elsewhere. Those who came here
were afraid of the darkness or had something to hide.
     In this inn, plots were hatched; schemes were developed; plans were made.
This night, well after midnight, behind a locked door, the germinal of an idea
were being put to the test.
     "Are you sure about this?" Donna asked.
     "Of course not! But I don't see what else we can do. At least let me give
it a try."
     Nancy and Donna discussed Canjac's idea of them smuggling themselves into
town disguised as slave girls. Nancy wondered whether she could stand to be
tied up for the journey. The trip up the coast by the cargo boat would be less
than a day. Sure, she had been tied up before, they all had played that game.
Most free women had a fantasy of being helplessly tied up, and then forced to
come over and over and over by the hungry mouth of a slave girl. Or to be used
by an endless line of insatiable men.
    But to be tied up for almost a day?
     "What do you think?"
     Nancy held her arms out as she danced around in a little circle. She was
naked and enjoying it. While a free woman might expose her tits or pussy in
public so a slave girl could service her, she did not expose her body for the
admiration of others. That was why they had slave girls.
     "I've seen better bodies."
     Nancy slammed her hands on her hips.
    "Whose?"
     "Well, Nadia's for one."
     The leader of D.A.A.M. pouted. Her friend spoke the truth. She knew Donna
had a better body than she did too. Her friend's titties were just as big as
Nadia's were, and the mistress was thirty centimeters shorter than their newly
acquired slave girl.
     "Okay. Let's get on with it."
     "What do you want to do first?"
     "Get some clothes on."
     The two laughed. There was little difference between a fully dressed slave
girl and one stark naked. Many argued that the scantily-clad slave girl with
her charms barely hidden was sexier than one buck naked.
     The leader of D.A.A.M. decided on a standard slave girl's outfit. Black
satin bikini panties covered her lower body, one small triangle in back and a
much smaller one in front. Donna helped her tie the bows on her hips to hold
this shiny garment in place.
     The beautiful brunette looked down at the triangle barely covering her
pubic hair. The tip of her tongue nervously slid across her lower lip. A tug on
either bow and the black satin would fall away, exposing her most private
charms.
    Nancy snapped the flared, pink satin miniskirt together about her slender
waist. Three tiny pearl buttons from the hem to the waistband held it together.
     The halter top was little more than two pink satin triangles that lifted
the wear's titties and pulled them together while offering little support.
While Donna tied the ends of the strings together behind her neck, Nancy stared
at her chest. Her nipples formed little cones in the material.
     "Don't forget...." she began.
     With that, Donna pulled the pins from Nancy's hair so her dark tresses
fell down to her waist. 
     "I thought you might tie me up in a hogtie."
     "I'm doing the tying. You are pretending to be the slave girl. I decide
how you get tied up."
     "Yes, Mistress," Nancy said in a meek little voice. She and Donna erupted
into loud laughter. 
     "Turn around with your hands behind your back."
     The buxom brunette doubled the cord over to form a loop. Threading the
ends through the loop, she formed another loop about Nancy's wrists. She
quickly pulled it tight before making two more passes with the cord so a total
of six loops encircled the beautiful captive's wrists. Donna separated the ends
of the cord to pass them between Nancy's hands and forearms. These two loops
cinched the first six loops. She tied the first knot.
    Donna had tied Nancy so tightly she had little chance of getting free. The
mistress knew how to tie a woman so she could never escape.
     Running the ends of the cord up to the brunette's left elbow, she looped
it about her upper arm. She ran the ends about the right upper arm, and then
around again so there were four loops. Placing her left hand on Nancy's left
arm, she pulled on the ends of the cord in her right hand. This pulled her
elbows together. Donna kept the slack from the line while she cinched and
knotted the cord.
    "Well, what do you think?"
     She turned her friend around so they faced each other. A mistress treated
a slave girl this way. The mistress stood still while the slave girl moved.
     Nancy struggled a little with her bondage.
    "Nobody uses cords the way you do."
    "I know that. Stand right there."
    Donna selected a shorter cord to use next. She passed it around Nancy's
upper arms and chest above her bosom. She tied the ends together in front.
    Turning Nancy so she faced the door, she placed the third cord between
Nancy's back and arms, threading it in a loop around the previous loops. As
Donna pulled hard on the working end of the cord, she cinched the loops about
Nancy's upper arms. When she finished, she had Nancy's upper arms pinned to her
back.
      The next cord went about Nancy's slender waist, securing her arms against
her lower back. Again, she tied the knot in front. With the beautiful
brunette's arms secured behind her back, there was no way she could reach the
knot to undo it but for good measure Donna used another piece to cinch that one
as she had the one before. When she tied the knot, Nancy's lower arms were
securely snugly against her lower back, rendering her even more helpless.
     "I don't think I've ever been tied this tightly before," the captive said,
looking down at her bondage.
     "That reminds me...." Donna said. Without finishing that sentence, she
turned to pick up a ballgag.  "Good slave girls are seen and not heard. Open
up."
     With her left hand she wedged the bright red rubber ball in between the
captive's teeth. Placing both hands on Nancy's jawbone, she pressed the ball
with both thumbs so it popped easily into the brunette's mouth.
     The luscious captive knew what to do next. She turned around so her friend
could thread the working end of the strap through the buckle. With practiced
hands she buckled the ends together. The ball could not come out of Nancy's
mouth. She had effectively silenced Nancy until someone chose to remove the
gag.
     The captive started to turn, but Donna grabbed her by the upper arms.
    "Don't move!  I didn't tell you to move," she added.
     With Nancy facing the wall, Donna made a few alterations to her captive's
attire. She had pulled the ends of the strings freeing the halter top. Nancy
looked down her boobs. The cords about her body kept the shiny pieces of
material from falling off to expose her titties. She turned her head to grunt a
protest, but she had worse things to complain about by then. Donna pulled the
miniskirt off with one jerk, then tugged on the bows holding the panties on
Nancy's hips. While the cords caused the halter top to remain in place, there
was nothing to hold the panties in place. They fluttered to the floor.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
     Nancy's futile protests were too late.
     Donna spun her captive around. Once the half-naked woman faced her, she
hooked the index finger of her left hand on the string connecting the satin
cups and pulled. When the garment would not come out from beneath the cord, she
grabbed the material with each hand. Despite the resistance, the flimsy halter
top came free.
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
     "Now you look more like a slave girl."
     "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
     "Be good, or we will continue this out in the lobby."
     Nancy's beautiful blue eyes opened wide in horror.
     They all had engaged in this sort of playful activity at one time or
another. Dress a free woman as a slave girl and tied her to a post where
everyone could see her. They all considered it fun to be naughty. One episode
was different. 
     One day they secured Kendall in a pillory in the great room of an inn.
Except for the high heeled sandals, garter belt and stockings, she was naked. A
real slave girl knelt behind her. The beautiful woman could do nothing as the
slave girl used her mouth to make her come time after time.
     A man removed Kendall's ballgag. While she came repeatedly, she had to
suck cock until the man came in her mouth. She had no choice. If she did not
please the man, he would punish her as he would any other little slave girl.
Kendall was inexperienced and did not know what to do. But, what was there to
know? She made the man come and he went away happily.
     The other women laughed but it was a nervous laugh. Everyone knew that the
next time it could be she. And secretly, each wondered what it would be like to
please man in that manner.
     "Sit on the floor with you legs out in front of you."
     Not that the beautiful brunette would have objected anyway, but Nancy
realized that she was in no position to do anything other than what Donna
wanted. Slowly she lowered her left knee to the floor, then brought her right
down to join it. Once her bottom touched the floor, she swung her legs around
in front of her.
     Donna started at the knees, looping a cord several times about her
friend's lower thighs. After a half dozen passes, she changed the direction of
the cords so the next few passes cinched the first six. When she finished,
Donna tied a long cord to the cord between Nancy's legs. She tossed one end to
the right and the other to the left. She would need them later.
     Crawling down to Nancy's feet, she did much the same to her ankles that
she had to her knees. When she sat back, she had Nancy's legs securely bound
together.
     "Okay, now get into a kneeling position."
     Nancy pulled her legs back, but discovered she could not get them under
her fanny. She tried to jerk her body into the air, but with her arms bound
tightly to her body, she could not get the necessary momentum. Finally Donna
helped by lifting her by her arms.
     Nancy looked over her right shoulder as Donna tied one end of a long cord
to her bound ankles. The woman then looped it across the captive's upper thighs
and back down to her ankles. When she tied a knot, she had the brunette's
thighs bound to her calves so she could not raise her fanny off her ankles.
     "Now, face down against your knees."
     After she did that, Nancy discovered why Donna had that long cord tied to
the cord about her lower thighs. By passing both ends across her upper back,
she insured that the beautiful captive could not raise her body from that
position. Donna had bound her with her large bosom smashed against the top of
her thighs.
     But Donna was not done, even though she had her friend helplessly bound.
She brought the ends of the cords up in the air. They crossed at the back of
the brunette's head, pushing it down so her face was against her knees.
     (These also pressed Nancy's long hair down about her neck, making it
almost impossible to see that she did not war the collar of a slave girl.)
     Smiling broadly, Donna rose to her feet so she could circle around the
kneeling captive to look at her from all sides. She knew Nancy could not see
that satisfied smile on her face. Donna was both beautiful and arrogant and she
enjoyed seeing another beautiful and arrogant woman helplessly bound. When she
reached the point from which she began, she looked down at the captive, her
hands on her hips, her eyes wide with excitement. She knew how uncomfortable
Nancy must feel being bound in that position. 
     "Now, you just relax and have a good time.  I'll be back for you in a few
hours. Or perhaps a few days."
      Nancy responded as she hoped she would. She squirmed and made little
grunting noises through the gag. Donna laughed loudly as she closed the door
behind her.
     As soon as she heard the door close, the beautiful brunette began
struggling violently to try to get free. She soon discovered that Donna had
bound her too securely for her to move much. As she tried to move each part of
her body, cords dug into her flesh, either there or on the other side of her
body.
     She could not escape no matter how hard she tried.
     The little grunts she made as she struggled masked the sound of someone at
the door. She did not hear the sound of the knife slipped between the door and
the jamb. A fraction of a millimeter at a time the knife worked the lock until
it popped open.
     Nancy stopped wiggling when she heard that sound. Someone was at the door!
 She was certain Donna had locked it. At least she thought she had. She tried
to raise her head to see but could not.
     "There! That got it!"
    The door opened. She could not see it, her face was pressed against her
knees, but she felt the air moving as the door swung open.
     Two people entered the room. Their tread was light. They did not wear the
high heels of slave girls. They wore "sensible" shoes of a free woman. The
tread was certainly too light for a man.
     "There's nobody here."
     Nancy did not count, of course. She was bound as a slave girl so they
assumed she was one. With her long hang about her neck, they could not see that
she did not wear a collar.
     "You look over there. I'll look over here."
     Though Nancy could not tell, it was the blonde and brunette from the great
room. They were in the inn because they were sneak thieves.
    "Toni, here's a bag of coins."
     Toni was the tall blonde. Nancy concentrated to remember the name. She
would have her vengeance in the morning. They would find this Toni and whoever
her friend was.
     The brunette was Jennifer though Nancy did not know it.
     Nancy remained quite still as they moved past her. She was certainly more
valuable as a slave girl than any bag of coins. If they found her bound without
a collar, they could legally turn her into a slave.
     The two young women made two complete circuits of the room in search of
loot. They moved quickly and were thorough. They did not care what kind of mess
they left behind. Satisfied they had all the valuables in the room they could
take without getting caught, they left.
     Blood surged through Nancy's body. She had almost been caught. The
exhilaration was great. Even after they had left, the captive's breath came in
short, rapid gasps. Her heart pounded quickly in her throat.
      She had knelt there as a slave girl and they had taken no notice of her
at all!
     She concluded Canjac was correct. If they smuggled themselves into town as
slave girls, no one would notice them.
     The trap had been set, and Nancy, with aid from Toni and Jennifer, had
baited it herself.
To be continued �C comments welcomed.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 35 

     The Amazon's headquarters in town lay close to the slave market, but too
not far from the gate leading inland. They owned the whole block. Small shops
on each side street provided a cover should they need one (as Mia had learned
early that day). Within those walls, the Amazons developed plots and
counterplots to turn young women into slave girls while protecting themselves.
     The front door led to the reception area where visitors came to transact
the business of buying and selling slave girls. The Amazons recently replaced
the glass door with a heavy oak one. Though they thought it unlikely would
happen, the way D. A. A. M. had operated against them lately, they wanted to
take extra precautions. At sundown, they locked the single door in front and
the two small and one large doors behind the building. They admitted only those
whom they knew. 
    To the casual passerby at night, the building appeared to be deserted.
Within the walls though, there was a bustle of activity. Slave girls were slave
girls twenty-four hours a day. Those new to the collar had to be taught to
please a mistress at any time of the day.
     One figure scurried down the alley behind the block. Halfway down the
block, it ducked into the shadows. Since the objective was the Amazon's
headquarters, we know the person was female.
     She paused in the shadows for almost a minute to insure no one followed.
Satisfied she was alone, the figure hurried forward, the cloak billowing out as
she trotted the last few meters to the door. She rapped twice, then she looked
behind her in both directions.
     When she heard the covering over the peephole slide open, she leaned
forward so the person within could recognize her. Though no one was around, she
did not want anyone to overhear her name.
    She heard the sound of the guard drawing the bolt. Before stepping inside,
she looked behind her again. Once she was inside, the guard closed and locked
the door.
     "Why do they have you on the door?" she asked as she removed her cloak.
     Lori peered through the peephole for a second before turning to answer.
Lori had arrived with Danielle the day before. She was not one of the regular
Amazons assigned to this town.
     "We ran out of people. Most went with Danielle to some little town down
the coast. Almost everyone else is on duty or in the meeting. Did you hear?
Mona disappeared this morning?"
      The figure removed her cloak, hanging it on a hook next to the door. The
typical attire of the Amazons was the black leather catsuit. This woman
maintained the motif with a full-length black dress that she had pulled on to
come here. Lori could see the outline of the short white dress she wore
beneath.
     "How?"
     "If only we knew! She was at the slave market this morning, but then
somehow just disappeared."
     "D. A. A. M.?"
     "Who else?"
     Who else, indeed? Who else besides D. A. A. M. would go about turning
Amazons into slave girls?
     "Is D. A. A. M. in town already?"
     "We don't know for sure. They are at a little town down the coast, and
there may be an advance party in town. I heard a rumor about a couple of
Amazons sporting slave collars across town. I'm going to see if I can track
down that lead tomorrow."
     "I hope you have more luck than the others have had."
     The Amazon hurried down the hallway with long, aggressive strides. She was
late for the weekly planning meeting. She turned to take a shortcut through the
entranceway but another Amazon, passing by in the other direction, grabbed her
by the arm to pull her back into the hall. 
     "Not that way. We have a visitor."
     That visitor was Debbie Hamilton. The tall brunette, who had sent Mia into
a trap so the Amazons could enslave her, now wanted to enjoy the fruits of her
effort.
     But what had happened to that beautiful brunette after they persuaded her
to accept a slave collar? Her world had degenerated into nothing more than
pussies and pubic.
     At that moment, Mia lay on her back on a training table. Straps across her
chest and tummy pressed her back against the table, holding the upper part of
her body immobile. They had strapped her arms under the table. Although a
simple set of cuffs and chains would have rendered the luscious beauty
helpless, they had also fastened leather straps across her upper arms, lower
arms, and wrists so she could not move her arms at all. Then they placed a
device over her upper chest and throat to support the weight of anyone wanting
to be pleased by her tongue. The beautiful brunette had to give pleasure or
suffer the consequences for her bad behavior.     
     Painful experience had taught Mia to choose to obey. By the time Debbie
arrived, all the Amazons had sampled her tongue. She now work on pleasing a
slave girl whom the Amazons wanted rewarded.
    Amused, Debbie watched with an evil smile on her face as this slave girl
came every few seconds. The tall mistress had to wonder how a slave girl could
come bound as she was. They had her hands chained behind her back with a pair
of black leather straps pinning her arms to her body. A rubber ballgag filled
her mouth while a leather blindfold made it impossible for her to see anything.
Every time she came, she threw her head back and tried to scream through the
ballgag.
     When her turn came, Debbie sat on the device so her pussy was pressed
against the newly collared slave girl's open mouth. Mia, exhausted, out of
breath, and with a tired tongue, had no choice but to give attention to the
fresh, dry pussy now threatening to suffocate her. She had to please any female
seated atop her.
     We did not mention Mia's legs. Oh, yes, they were strapped to the table
too, but the Amazons had drawn them up to her chest first, making the slave
girl's pussy available. Another slave girl knelt with her bowed head over Mia's
pussy. When she heard the slurping sounds made by Mia's tongue on the
recipient's pussy, she pressed her own mouth against the Mia's waiting pussy.
Thus, Mia quickly learned to associate giving pleasure with receiving it.
Causing another woman to come led to her own orgasm. In a few weeks she would
not be able to look at another woman's pussy without becoming aroused.
     She was well on her way to becoming another perfect little slave girl.
    While the tall mistress was thus occupied by Mia's tongue, they plotted her
downfall in a meeting room not far away. The latecomer took her place midway
down the table on the left.
     "Now that we are all here, we can begin."
     Clarissa's voice dripped with sarcasm. She nodded to the recording
secretary seated to her left to begin. Opening her notebook, Sylvia turned to
the page where she had written the agenda.
     "First order of business: D. A. A. M.," Sylvia read from her notes.
     Clarissa spoke first. "Mona is missing. Has anyone seen her since this
morning?"
     Only silence and the shaking of heads answered her question. Clarissa
grimaced as let her eyes sweep across the faces staring back at her.
     "Has anyone heard from Danielle?"
     "She said she would send us a message once she learned something. We
should hear from her tomorrow. It's too soon to expect anything from her."
     "They have to be here in town. We've lost too many Amazons over the past
few weeks." She muttered those statements almost to herself. They all thought
the same thing. Still, they trusted Canjac. He always gave them reliable
information and he sent them word that D. A. A. M. had its headquarters in a
little town down the coast.
     "So we wait until we hear from Danielle. If they are there, we should
reward Canjac for helping us. What does he like? Blondes?"
     "Blondes, brunettes, redheads, short, tall, big tits, little tits," a
voice responded to the rhetorical question. A few Amazons giggled. That could
be a description of their taste in slave girls.
    Clarissa looked at Sylvia as a signal to move on.
     "Next item. Miranda?"
     The Amazon who had arrived last had been studying her nails. She answered
without looking up.
     "We have one ready to harvest. We can take her any time. She won't know
the difference between being free and being a slave."
     She looked up when she heard the snickers. She could afford to be late to
meetings because her operation was so successful. Women were enslaved, and most
actually enjoyed it. She permitted herself a little smile.
     "And we have a new one. A volunteer. She is so anxious to be bound and
forced to serve that it won't take many more days until we have her begging for
a collar."
     Sylvia looked at Clarissa for a signal to move on.    
     "Next item. Our newest project. The Acme College of Cosmetology."
     "Did I see Debbie out there?"
     "Yeah. She's out there with Mia now. We don't have to worry about her
bothering us for another hour or so."
     More snickers. Debbie offered them a seemingly endless supply of nubile
coeds from her firm, a lucrative business for both Debbie and the Amazons. But
why should the Amazons have to share the fruits of their labors with Debbie?
Since the brunette had the body of a slave girl, they easily determined her
fate.
     "So I take it that the operation went smoothly today?"
     "Yes." All eyes turned on the Amazon who answered. 
     "After we got a collar on that cute little co-ed, I snooped around the
college posing as a reporter for a large metropolitan newspaper. I asked about
Mia, but no one knew anything. The rumors were something else. I heard from too
different sources that she got a job for some rich woman. There was a lot of
jealousy. I even heard one co-ed say she would like to be in Mia's position."
     The laughter became so loud and boisterous that it took almost a minute
for them to regain their composure.
    "What about the other operation. Kat?"
     Kat, another lovely Amazon,  we have already met. Earlier that day she had
masterminded Colleen's disappearance.
     "Calvin Cameroon is most pleased."
     "What is it going to cost us?"
     "He wanted one new slave girl a week. I negotiated him down to one every
two weeks. Plus, we get first refusal rights when he tires of the ones we
provide. In exchange, he will insure that every woman we enslave is legally
registered here in town."
     Colleen's role in this narrative is finally revealed. Her body is the
first payment. Her master will provide papers for all the women the Amazons
want to enslave.
     "So I take it that what Debbie said is true."
     Brenda, seated next to Sylvia, answered.
     "Basically. She is owner and president. She also is heavily leveraged. She
owes a lot of money to Roxanne Robertson."
     "Foxy Roxy?"
    All eyes turned toward Elaine near the end of the table.
     "I heard her called that," Brenda said, leaning forward so she could see
Elaine. 
     "What do you know about her?" Clarissa asked.
     "I only met her a couple of times. Incredibly rich. Not too bright. She
has visions of being an Amazon. I led her on but..." The Amazon pointed to her
hair and mouthed "blonde."
     No one realized that there were no blonde Amazons. As far as the Amazons
were concerned, blondes were fit only to be slave girls. The Amazons were also
extremely jealous of them.  
    "We can use that to our benefit," Clarissa mused aloud as she stared at the
ceiling.
    "Foxy Roxy can fix things on her end."
     She leaned forward to look at Brenda.
    "So what do we need to take over the college?"
     "Debbie functions as an absentee landlord. The actual day-to-day operation
is run by her office manager. Replace her with our own person, and the place
will continue to function as before. Then we can remove Debbie without losing
anything."
     "Do we have anyone we can get in there?"
     "What about Charlene Charles? We can use Calvin Cameroon to take over her
job."
     Charlene, an undercover agent in the registrar's office, helped forge the
papers that allowed the Amazons to circumvent the laws against enslaving women
in town.
     "She is in pretty much the same job now in that office, and nobody knows
she is one of us."
     "Get Charlene moving on that. Who wants to take care of the office
manager?'
     Samantha, seated at the far end of the table, waved a hand.
     "Pass your notes down to her."
     The meeting then turned its attention to the market situation. For some
reason, a glut of blue-eyed brunettes had driven the price down. Discussion
centered on how to turn this to the Amazons' benefit.
     Brenda slid her notes to the left. The papers regarding the office manager
made their way slowly down the table as each woman wanted to look at them
before passing them on. Miranda was no different from the others. She started
to slide them to her left but stopped suddenly. Jerking them out from under the
fingers of the next Amazon, she pulled them back. As she read through them, her
eyes opened wide and a smile appeared on her face.
     Then she sat back in her chair and began to laugh loudly.
     Sylvia turned toward Clarissa and spoke in a dramatic monotone, "I think
she's lost it."
to be continued -- comments welcomed




STANDARD DISCLAIMER
                                     ===================

The following piece of fiction is intended as ADULT entertainment and has been
posted only to an appropriate group on the Internet. If it is found in any
other place this is not the responsibility of the author.

All characters in this story are fictitious, any similarity to persons living
or dead is purely coincidental. The author does not necessarily condone or
endorse any of the activities detailed in this story, some of which are
dangerous or illegal.

Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 36
	Nancy used her executive authority as the leader of D. A. A. M. (Dominant
Anti-Amazon Mistresses) to appoint Mandi as the girl to put the plan into
operation. A dozen beautiful slave girls simply could not appear out of nowhere
without questions being asked. Arrangements had to be made for them to be
shipped to the city. Papers had to be signed. The job had considerable
responsibility. Of all the members of D. A. A. M., she ran the greatest risk of
being caught by the Amazons.
	While the other members of D. A. A. M. spread out through the small seaside
town to buy their outfits, Mandi sat in the room with her lower lip protruding
in an adorable pout.
	She knew Nancy did not really like her. After all, with her light hair she was
often considered a blonde. The brunette Nancy would naturally be jealous of her
natural coloring.
	What Mandi believed was that Nancy was sacrificing her for the benefit of the
others. Canjac had proposed a plan the day before would get them safely into
town. Nancy had already sent a message to several friends in town to expect a
shipment of a dozen barrels of slave girls. No one, especially the Amazons,
would suspect that those dozen barrels contained free women intent on making
slaves of as many Amazons as was possible. The only people who knew would be
Nancy's friends in town, those women in the barrels, Mandi, and Canjac. There
was no way anything could go wrong.
	The problem, from Mandi's point of view, was that the Amazons were sure to
catch her when she tried to flee. She was afraid that as Nancy and the others
entered the town in the barrels, she would be entering town wearing the collar
of an Amazon slave.
	Mandi decided to get revenge.
	First she had to make arrangements to get the others into town. Usually
barrels were used only as a means of getting a slave girl on and off a ship.
The barrel staves would make escape impossible while she was shipped. Various
workmen would cart them to a ship where the crew would store in the hold until
the ship was far from land. Then the slave girls would be removed from the
barrels and inserted in cages.
	As they approached land, the crew would do the opposite. The slave girls would
be inserted into barrels again and stored near a hatch. Once docked, they would
be offloaded and transferred to wagons for distribution.
	This was a short journey so there would be no need to remove the captives from
the barrels (which was why the plan was so appealing to Nancy and her company).
For a slave girl or two, the shipping would not be worthwhile. The trip to town
was so short it made more sense to send them by wagon. While one or two slave
girls in barrels might raise questions, a dozen, packaged safely in barrels
made sense. A dozen  were too many to fit into a wagon. And a dozen slave girls
were far too valuable to run the risk of them being hijacked.
	Mandi needed a ship leaving town late in the afternoon. Sailing up the coast,
it would arrive near sunset. Since it would be too late to deliver then that
day, they would be stored overnight in a warehouse. (They had to insure that
the letters reached Nancy's friends before the barrels did.) In the morning,
the barrels with their sensual cargo would be loaded on wagons and delivered to
the address shown on the large label pasted on each barrel.
	Most ships had left already. Many simply bypassed this little town. Mandi had
to check several different companies before she found one that was perfect. It
would arrive about noon, and depart five hours later. Mandi arranged for the
shipment of a dozen barrels.
	She next contacted a drayage company to haul the barrels to the dock. A quick
stop at a store allowed her to buy all the items she needed. The final stop was
at the front desk of the inn where the polite clerk agreed (for a small fee) to
have the slave girls packaged and moved to the dock at the back of the inn.
	Mandi was ready, but the others had not returned. She ordered a glass of white
wine as she waited.
	Nancy had decided each woman should choose her own outfit to wear. All slave
girl outfits were cut to show off the wearer's body. Each item was made of
satin or silk, material that was very thin.
	Nancy left with several others, but then went off on her own. The others were
sure to comment on the attire she chose. She made her choices carefully. At
first she sought in vain for something that would provide her with some
modesty. Gradually she changed her mind. She decided to go with an outfit of
light blue satin.
	With a self-satisfied grin spread across her face, she returned to the inn. By
then, almost all the others had returned. They did none of the boisterous
talking they usually did when they returned from shopping. Buying slave girl
outfits was one of their most pleasing activities. This time was different
though. This time they bought the outfits for themselves.
	The next step was to strip down, to remove the clothing of a free woman so she
could don the revealing garments of a slave girl.
	Choosing an outfit was simple compared to putting it on.
	Nancy acted as the others did. She giggled as she described the outfits she
had looked at but discarded as too risque. (There really was little difference
among the outfits chosen though. Only the colors differed.) After a while, each
woman held her outfit up for the others to admire.
	"You know, you guys, you are running out of time."
	Mandi put the damper on their fun. They had to get dressed in their outfits,
get bound and gagged, and do the other things needed before they were ready to
go down to the loading dock.
	The women looked at each other. Who would be first? They all looked eventually
at Nancy. While she was willing put the outfit on, she did not want to be the
first.
	"Who goes first?" Mandi asked.
	"Oh, I will go first," said Francine. Quickly she reached up behind her back
to get at the buttons on her white cotton blouse. When it landed on the floor,
the others started to strip. 
	Nancy pretended to ignore the others as she stripped down. When she was
completely naked, she began putting her new outfit on. The halter top covered
her large bosom, but just barely. Black lace lined the edges of the garter belt
in front. The satin was the same shade as the outer garments. She sat so she
could put on the sheer black stockings that hid nothing. Running her hands
across her bottom, she felt the satin panty brief covering most of her bottom.
The flared miniskirt was rather useless as it did not completely cover the
panties. Still, it was better than running around naked.
	Only the high heeled sandals remained. The beautiful brunette sat to put them
on. Pointing her toe down, she slipped her right foot in first. One strap went
across her foot while the other went across around her ankle. A quick glance
around told her everyone else was too absorbed in their own clothing to care
about her, she raised the foot a few centimeters off the floor. She shook her
foot, but the shoe did not move at all. The shoe could not come off by
accident. Someone would have to unbuckle the straps before she could get the
shoe off.
	When she had both shoes strapped to her feet, Nancy stood up. She took one
step and almost fell on her face. Those fifteen centimeter stiletto heels would
take time to get used to.
	Carefully she walked toward the wall, stopped, turned, and walked back to her
chair.
	When she did that the second time, she discovered several others were doing
the same. They looked at one another and emitted nervous giggles.
	Mandi watched all this activity with a frown on her face. She leaned against
the door with her arms folded across her chest under her bosom. When everyone
had changed into their outfits, she carried the bags across the room to a
table. The leather and metal landed on the surface with clinging sounds and
dull thuds.
	She held up a slave collar.
	"Who wants to do the honors?"
	Secretly, each woman wanted to kneel, to place her throat against the leather
band, to feel what it was like to be a slave girl. None was willing to open
herself to the embarrassment. None wanted to do that in front of her friends.
	Nobody moved. Nobody volunteered to do it.
	"Maybe we should just do it to ourselves," one of the women suggested.
	That idea met universal acceptance. Each woman grabbed a leather slave collar
from the table. Each secured it about her own neck. 
	When they were done, each woman looked like a slave girl. Had anyone found
them wearing collars, they would have been treated like slave girls.
	Nancy thought about the consequences of being caught wearing a collar as she
fitted the end of the strap through the buckle.  She looked down. Her nipples
had become hard, forming little cones in the satin material covering them. The
thought of being treated as a slave girl caused her to be aroused. She wondered
if the others felt the same way she did.
	A few women reached up to undo their long hair once they had the collars
buckled on. As free women they wore it pinned up. They wore it this way
because, as free women, they could. Slave girls had no choice in how they wore
their hair. The hair of slave girls was always down, free and flowing. Not only
did wearing their hair down make them look more beautiful, it allowed everyone
to know instantly that they were slaves.
	"Why don't you wait with the hair," suggested Mandi? "We still have these."
She stepped to the right to get another bag from the table. From this one she
pulled a ballgag.
	The gag, they all had forgotten that. Slave girls went around gagged (unless
their master or mistress had some use for their mouth). They did not want their
hair pinned under the leather strap. Besides ruining an otherwise perfect coif,
the strap pulling on the hair could be uncomfortable. It was much better to
have the leather strap of the gag under the hair.
	"Form a single line. One gag to a customer."
	Mandi moved to the side where she had another bag of bondage toys. She dumped
the contents on a chair. The metallic clank told everyone she had cuffs for
them to wear.
	Cassie, a bubble-headed blonde, was the first through the line. As she
approached Mandi, she raised the bright red rubber ball to her lips. She had to
press against it with the fingertips of both hands to get it to pop into her
mouth. She spun about so the back of her head was toward Mandi. The woman
quickly slipped the working end through the buckle. Pulling on it, she drew the
ball into the blonde's mouth. Cassie's blue eyes opened wide as Mandi continued
to pull on the strap, drawing the rubber ball deeper and deeper into the
blonde's mouth.
	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"
	"I have to make it tight enough," Mandi explained.
	When she finished tucking the end of the strap through the buckle, she pulled
the pins from Cassie's hair, allowing the long tresses to fall down. The blonde
reached toward her head to fluff them up.
	"No! Hands behind your back!"
	Cassie had her hands to shoulder level when Mandi gave that order. She paused,
holding them there for a few seconds. Slowly she lowered them to her sides.
Mandi grabbed Cassie's left wrist to pull it into the desired position behind
her back. Quickly she slipped one-half of the handcuffs about the wrist. As she
did that, the blonde had slowly moved her right hand behind her back. Mandi
rudely pulled it over so she could fit the other half of the handcuffs about
it.
	The blonde was now helplessly bound. Collared and dressed as a slave girl,
everyone would think she was one.
	"Turn around."
	As the blonde shuffled her feet about so she faced Mandi, the women retrieved
a chain leash from another bag.
	"Chin up."
	She attached the end of it to the upper ring on the front of the collar, then
giving a little tug on it, led the captive to the far end of the room. There,
she tethered the woman to a ring on the wall.
	Mandi stepped behind her captive to fix her hair. Inserting her hands beneath
the long, blonde tresses, she pulled outwards. Cassie's hair came free,
cascading down over her shoulders in front and back.
	"Comfy?" Mandi asked with a smirk.
	Without waiting for a reply, she turned.
	"Next!"
	All too soon it was Nancy's turn. Only she and Mandi were not bound and
gagged. While Mandi took Mary Beth to the end of the room where she attached
the end of her leash to the back of the collar of the captive in front, Kendall
inserted the rubber ball in her mouth. Turning in the desired position, she
stood waiting with her hands behind her back.
	She felt the ball move deeper into her mouth as Mandi secured it in place. She
felt the woman put a hand against the back of her head to provide support as
she pulled. The leather strap dug at the corners of her mouth. Nancy thought
Mandi was making it extra tight only purpose, but she did not want to complain.
The other had suffered through this without issuing a grunt of complaint.
	Once Mandi had the gag securely in her mouth, she pulled the pins from her
hair, allowing it to fall down past her shoulders.
	The handcuffs were next, first the right wrist, and then the left. This left
Nancy as helpless as any little slave girl she had owned.
	When she turned, Mandi attached the end of a leash to the upper ring on her
collar. Using the leash, she led her a short distance across the floor to Mary
Beth. That woman had turned to watch what happened to the rest of the members
of D. A. A. M. When Mandi approached leading Nancy, she turned to face forward.
	"I'm going to get the rest of the baggage," she said as she started toward the
door. A few of them realized that Mandi had included them in the word
"baggage." She was treating them as though they were slave girls.
	She pulled it open, paused and looked back with a smile on her face.
	"Now, don't run off!"
	Giggling merrily at this stale joke, she hurried off to get the other slave
girls they had with them.
	Some, such as Nadia, were new to a slave collar. Others had worn a collar for
a while. None offered any resistance as she led them toward the loading dock. A
little tag tied to the lower ring on the front of each collar told everyone
where they were to be shipped to. Mandi certainly did not want this baggage to
get lost in transit.
	That left only the members of D. A. A. M. to move. Though there were not many
more of them than there had been slave girls, it took longer for them to move
down to the hall inside the loading dock. Some had second thoughts about
appearing in public bound and wearing the outfits of slave girls. Still, they
were in no position to resist. 
	The coffle of helpless captives made its way down the hall. Though the stairs
to the lobby were shorter, Mandi led the line in the other directions. The
front stairs were for free women. These were slave girls. Down the back stairs,
through the outer training area of the inn's slave kennel, and down the hall.
	Cassie was the first to see the line of slaves waiting ahead of them. In a few
minutes, Mandi had her leash tethered to the back of the collar of the last
slave girl in line.
	"Here, just so no one recognizes you," Mandi said as she picked up another
bag. This one contained leather blindfolds. She put the first over Cassie's
eyes so the lovely blonde could see nothing. A circular leather patch, lined
with foam rubber covered each eye so the wearer could see nothing. 
	Before moving on, she attached a shipping tag to the lower ring on the front
of the blonde's collar.
	One by one, she made her way to the end of the line. Once she had the
blindfold on Nancy, she was ready to play her little trick on them.
	Nancy felt Mandi's hands on the halter top. She thought the woman intended to
adjust it, but instead she pulled it off. Nancy's large tits hung in plain
sight.
	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"
	Mandi next pulled the miniskirt free and then the panties.
	Nancy continued to squirm, fighting her bondage, as Mandi moved ahead of her
to Mary Beth.
	Mandi's reason for doing this? She thought she was going to be caught and
enslaved while they were not. Let them suffer the humiliation of being paraded
around in public.
	Discarding the garments in another hall, she made her way to the lobby of the
inn. On top all the other things they expected her to do, she had to pay their
tab for spending the night.
	"How come you are not with the others?"
	Her bottom lip protruded into that adorable pout as she turned. Who knew what
they were up to?
	"Oh, it's you."
	Canjac smiled at her.
	"I thought you all would be together."
	"One of us had to make the arrangements. I guess that means that by tonight
I'll be a slave to the Amazons."
	"I wouldn't want that to happen."
	"Do you have some manner I can get into town without the Amazons capturing
me?"
	"Certain. Just come with me."
	He gestured toward the door with his left hand. As Mandi stepped past, Canjac
smiled at the clerk. His right hand rose to his face, the index finger against
his nose. As he flicked the tip of his nose, the clerk returned the gesture.
	"Since you are a friend of Nancy's, I know exactly what you deserve."

to be continued




STANDARD DISCLAIMER

The following piece of fiction is intended as ADULT entertainment and has been
posted only to an appropriate group on the Internet. If it is found in any other
place this is not the responsibility of the author.  All characters in this
story are fictitious, any similarity to persons living or dead is purely
coincidental. The author does not condone or endorse any of the activities
detailed in this story, some of which are dangerous or illegal.

Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 37


     First things first. The assorted slave girls owned by the now helplessly
bound and gagged members of D. A. A. M. (Dominant Anti-Amazon Mistresses) had to
be packaged first. Each had submitted to a slave collar. They offered no
resistance as they were packaged in barrels. One by one, the barrels, each
containing a slave girl, were lined up on the end of the loading dock.

     Once they were prepared for shipment, time had come to collect the next
batch. Even as the men reentered the building to get Nancy and her friends, two
other men began moving the first load of slave girls to the back of the wagon.
To move them all it would take two trips between the inn and the ship.

     Nancy heard movement in the hallway. Male voices grew suddenly louder as a
door was opened. The beautiful brunette had struggled with her bondage ever
since her clothes had been removed. When she realized someone was near, she
stopped moving. Good little slave girls did not try to escape. If they did, they
could expect to be punished and Nancy did not want to be punished.

     "This is the next group."

     The blindfold came off. She blinked frequently as her eyes became
accustomed to the dim light in the hall. Nancy had never realized how effective
a blindfold was until then

     "Do you need any help?"

     "This batch?" The man fondled the right boob of one of the captives. "No
problem with them. Right, Honey?"

     The woman stared back. The man squeezed her tit again, this time a little
harder.

     "Right?"

     She nodded, afraid to do anything else.

     The man directing the other turned to look back when he reached the end of
the hall. Nancy saw it was the clerk from the front desk. He had been so nice to
them (even though they had treated him as they would anyone else who was "hired
help"). She began to feel better about this.

     Everything was going according to Canjac's plan.

     Nancy counted three men in the hall with them. She never would have
imagined that only three men could handle her and her friends, but they had no
trouble. These women were shackled and gagged as slave girls. Resistance was one
thing they did not have to worry about.

     As he walked down the hall, one man pulled out a switch that he flicked in
the air so it made a whistling sound. He had to make no threats. Each naked
captive knew what would happen if she resisted. With her hands locked behind her
back, not one could use them to protect her bottom. Each knew the garter belt
and stockings she wore framed her bottom, making it an ideal target.

     She was bound and tethered. She wore the collar of a slave girl. She could
not resist, and no one would come to her aid. All she could do was obey.

     "Let's go, Slave Girls."

     They started forward, most linked by chains to the naked woman in front and
the one in back. The chains connecting the collars were over a meter long so the
captives had little trouble moving. Once in a while the chain in front, or the
chain in back became taut. They soon learned to keep moving.

     They shuffled down the hall and to the left. As they passed through a door,
Nancy saw more light to her left. That had to be the door, a large door, to the
loading dock.

     She looked around to see where they were led. It seemed to be some sort of
storage room immediately next to the loading dock.

     Besides the men, the room had one other occupant. A slave girl stood by the
door in what was known as the "available" position. She faced the wall with
chains attached to her wrists forcing her to keep her hands on the wall. More
chains held her legs far apart. She stood bent over so any man could avail
himself of her exposed pussy. She could do nothing about.

     Nancy realized that this slave girl wanted to be used. She had her head
twisted about so the leader of D. A. A. M. could see her beautiful face. The
naked captive ignored the line of women being led past her. She tried to catch
the eye of one of the men.

     "Silly little slave girl," Nancy thought as she turned around and knelt.

     One at a time, the naked women were freed from the coffle and packaged for
shipment. Nancy tried to turned to see what happened to them, but her long hair
was in the way. She did not dare turn her head too much. She did not want to
draw attention to herself while she was bound and naked.

     Her turn came. A man attached a chain leash to her collar. A single jerk up
on the leash told her to stand. Most submissively, she followed the man to the
center of the room. He led her about so she faced away from the door.

     "Spread �em. You act like you got something to hide."

     Nancy stood bent over, her legs spread far apart. The man who ordered them
into this position had described it as "showing off their wares." Nancy knew
anyone standing behind her had an unobstructed view of her pussy. This position
was the equivalent of a slave girl begging to be "used."

     "Straighten up."

     At last it was her turn. In a few minutes she would be safely secured
inside a wooden barrel, her nakedness hidden from the eyes of all the men who
wanted to use her.

     She felt them removing the shackles. For a few seconds she thought she
would be secured in the barrel unbound, but that was not to be.

     "Clasp your hands together behind your back."

     Her bondage during the trip was not to be a set of shackles, but rather a
single glove. She felt her hands slide down through the leather sheath. A man
flung straps over her shoulders. Hands spun her about so she faced the men. (She
was only a slave girl. They remained stationary. It was her task to move.) She
tensed as one of the men pulled a strap down from her right shoulder across her
upper chest and down toward her left side under the arm. He turned her one-
quarter to the right so he could buckle the end of the strap to the singleglove.

     He turned her back so she faced forward. The other strap passed across the
first on its way down to her right side.

     Nancy tensed, expecting the man to fondle her titties. They were there,
centimeters from his hands. With her hands secured behind her back, she could do
nothing to stop him. He finished buckling the strap, then spun her the rest of
the way about so she faced away from him.

     Nancy felt relieved, and a little disappointed. There she was, dressed and
bound as a slave girl and no one wanted to take advantage of her.

     The man laced the singleglove up from the brunette's hands to the top.
Inserting a small metal rod in the lacings at the bottom near her hands, he
pulled all the slack from them.

     Nancy felt the leather grow tight about her arms as the man worked his way
up. The pressure forced her arms together. While this bondage position rendered
her extremely helpless, it was not very uncomfortable. She had bound her own
slave girls in much more stringent positions. She was glad a man bound her
instead of a whipmistress. She had no doubts that a woman would have bound her
so securely she would have not been able to move a muscle.

     "Kneel."

     She still faced the front of the inn. The barrel they intended to lock her
in was not in sight. She wondered what they had in store for her next.

     She knew that as an obedient little slave girl she was supposed to stare
straight ahead, seeming unconcerned what happened to her. When a man slipped a
leather strap under her right leg, she had to look down. She saw he buckled  the
four-centimeter wide strap about her upper thigh, pinning her calf to her thigh.
She ignored him as he repeated the process on the other side.

     She was mystified why they had done that. They had her strap in a kneeling
position. She had assumed she would step up on some platform and then into a
barrel. With her legs bound in this position, she could not leave a kneeling
position. (Well, she could fall over, but she would end up on her front with her
legs bent back behind her. That would accomplish nothing.)

     She tensed again as the man fumbled with the buckle that held the rubber
ball in her mouth. This could not possibly be good. A slave girl had to be kept
gagged at all times. After all, they never had anything worth listening to. When
the man had the strap free, he jerked the ball from her mouth."

     "Put your head back, mouth open."

     They had another gag from her to wear. One man placed his hand on her
forehead to keep her head back, her mouth open. She hoped this new gag would be
more comfortable than that ballgag. The rubber ball had not been that large in
diameter, but it did force�

     "Ahhgggggg!!"

     He had the gag in her mouth before she could react. Perhaps this one did
not force her jaws as far apart as the ballgag, but it was definitely worse.

     He pushed her head forward so she stared at her knees. This made it easier
for him to buckle the ends of the strap together behind her head.

     As he did that, Nancy could not help but run the tip of her tongue over the
hard rubber shaft in her mouth. She had experimented with gags before, but they
had been ballgags, or cloth cleave gags. She had never worn one like this before
though she had been tempted to.

     She ran her tongue over the dildo in her mouth. It had to be six
centimeters long. The shaft was so short she could tolerate it. The diameter was
enough to keep her mouth filled. The shaft was just long enough that she could
not ignore it. As long as it was in her mouth, she would think about it.
Moreover, she would not be able to keep from exploring it with her tongue.

     They next fastened another broad leather strap about the brunette's body
above her large titties. She felt them buckling the ends together in front. Once
again they ignored her bare boobs. She began to wonder what was wrong with her.

     Nancy felt them run a chain down her back under the single glove. She
fought the temptation to turn her head to try to see what they were doing behind
her back. She felt a tug on the strap about her chest. The strap grew tighter
and tighter. She looked down as the strap dug into her flesh.

     She felt the strap drawing her weight up. As her body rose, she bent her
knees down to try to support her weight. Her thighs pointed straight down toward
the floor as she swung free. She tried to stretch out but could not as her body
rose farther and farther off the floor.

     Hands on her hips drew her body backwards. As she moved, she looked up.
Overhead there was a track of some sort. She realized she was hung from it, and
they were pulling her along it. They had bound her as a package, and were
treating her as a bundle of goods.

     They pulled her across the room and out the door to the loading dock. All
Nancy could only see the inside of the room at first. Once they had her outside,
the track turning to the side. Nancy's body turned to follow the path of the
track. Nancy could see along the back of the inn, and some of the buildings
beyond it. She saw some people beyond the inn. They worked at some task, not
paying any attention to her. She wanted to smile but of course the dildo in her
mouth kept her from doing that.

     At the end of the line, the men pulling her turned her about. Her back was
toward the inn. She stared at the trees along the back of the buildings.

     Her long hair kept her from seeing to the right where the men had the
remainder of her friends packaged securely in barrels. When they had her next to
the last girl, another man pulled an empty barrel under her. With a wave of his
hand was the signal to lower her into the barrel.

     Nancy sighed a little as her body began to descend. Soon she would be
safely hidden in that barrel. The sturdy oak would hide and protect her body. No
one would see her.

     She felt the hands on her hips. She saw no need to bind her legs as they
had. She would fit easily in the barrel.

     She looked down as her body began to descend into the barrel, but her large
bosoms were in the way. Just as the front edge of the barrel came into sight,
she felt a hand at her crotch, and another on her bottom.

     "Ahhhggghhh!!"

     The dildo slipped into her pussy.

     Nancy tried to struggle, but a pair of hands forced her body the remainder
of the way down. When the man let go, the dildo was deep inside her. With her
hands secured in the singleglove, with her legs bound back that way, she could
not raise herself to get off it.

     Quickly they slipped another leather collar about her neck. This was a
posture collar that fit along her jaw bone so she could not move her head to
either side.

     As soon as the hands pulled away from her neck, another pair put the two
ends of the barrel in place so her fit snugly about the leather collar.

     Another man already had the heavy canvas strap about the upper ends of the
staves. By pulling on the long-handled lever, he pulled the individual staves
close together. Another man slipped the metal band over the ends of the staves.
This band was one continuous piece of metal so there was no chance it would
break or come apart. Using mallets, two men hammered the band down so it fit in
the groove about the end of the barrel.

     With that they were done. The man took the canvas strap off the barrel,
knowing there was no way the captive could get free.

     "Let's get a drink while we are waiting for the wagon to come back."

     Nancy could not see them leave, but she could tell by the sound of their
footsteps when they were no longer near her.

     Once she thought they were not within sight, she began to struggle. She
twisted and turned, she fought the confines of the singleglove.

     All she accomplished was getting herself aroused. As she squirmed about,
the dildo twisted back and forth in her pussy. With every movement of her body
she aroused herself a little more.

     "I better wait a second, or I'm liable to come!" she thought.

     A loud moan to her right told her that one of her friends had struggled too
much. She wondered how many others had already come.

     Slowly she counted to "twenty" before started to struggle again. When she
paused this time, she realized that the entire time she had sucked on that dildo
as though she enjoyed it.

     "One. Two. Three."

     "Well, Nancy, I hope everything is turning out satisfactorily for you."

To be continued comments welcomed




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 38

	"Well, Nancy, I hope everything is turning out satisfactorily for you."

	Nancy recognized the Canjac's voice, but could not see him until he stepped
directly in front of her.  The leather posture collar around her neck kept her
from moving her head to the side. All she could do was stare straight ahead.

	"I see you took my advice," he said with a smile.  "I really could hope that
you were this dumb, but then again who knows."

	Canjac pushed himself up so he was on the loading dock directly in front of
the beautiful captive. He squatted down so his face was only half a meter from
hers.

	"You do not realize how hard it was to keep the Amazons from turning all of
you into slave girls.  I had to keep them running around in circles so they
would not catch you.

	"The Amazons think you and your friends are built ones who have been turning
all the Amazons into slave girls.  They do not realize that it was me. Every
time I put a slave collar on an Amazon, I put the rumor out that you were behind
it."  He smiled broadly at Nancy.  "I have been playing you off against the
Amazons, and they against you.  My kennel is becoming quite full of beautiful
slave girls, and no one is any be wiser. To my growing collection of Amazons I
can now add the entire D. A. A. M. organization."

	"Mmmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Nancy squirmed as she grunted her rage. All is accomplished doing was
getting herself a little aroused.

	A man approached from the left. Canjac turned back toward him. The man said
nothing but handed something to her captor.  He then stared at it for a second
before a smile spread across his face. He was still smiling as he looked back at
Nancy.

	"I think you will appreciate this."

	He held up a shipping label.  It was a simple one, just a long piece of
paper that had shipping directions, the manner of transportation and the final
destination.  It would be pasted to be outside of a package for shipment to
insure the package made it to its final destination.

	Nancy read the paper in horror. The destination on it was Canjac's place in
the city.

	Canjac applied some paste to the back of the shipping label before pressing
it against the side of the barrel directly under Nancy's face.

	As he held it there to let it draw, movement to his right distracted him. 
Nancy tried to turn to look in the same direction, but the posture collar kept
her from looking over the way.  She heard sounds as something was slid across
the loading dock next to her.  Canjac turned back to her and smiled again.

	"Mandi was upset because you were leaving her to her own devices to get away
from the Amazons.  I offered to help her into town and she was quick to accept. 
I am certain she will be happy that she is traveling with the rest of you."

	Nancy did not have to see to know what was to her left.  Canjac had tricked
Mandi into bondage, and had her imprisoned in a shipping barrel just as Nancy in
the remainder of her friends were.

	The beautiful brunette began to struggle.  The dildo inside her rubbed back
and forth on her pussy.  She stopped as she realized she was no closer to
getting free, she was only exciting herself.

	Canjac patted Nancy on the head.

	"I have some great plans for you."

	Without another word he slid off the loading dock to the ground.  Once on
his feet, he straightened his clothes and disappeared from sight to Nancy's
left.

	Now that she was alone again, Nancy began to struggle.  She tried to pace
herself so she would not come.  She would struggle until she felt herself coming
close to an orgasm, then she would stop for in a few seconds.  Other members of
her group did not have her forethought.  She heard one moan after another
escaped past the ballgags filling the mouths of her friends.

	Canjac appeared in front of her again, this time with a naked slave girl
slung over his left shoulder.  Nancy could see only the ropes about the
captive's lower thighs immediately above the knees, and about her ankles.  She
did not have to see the upper part of her body, hanging down over Canjac's back,
to know the young woman had her hands tied together behind her back.

	"I have a special training program all set out for you, Nancy.  You will
soon learn that I know how to take care of a woman.  Right, Emily?"

	The slave girl draped across Canjac's shoulder twisted her body about so
Nancy could see her face.  Her long dark hair hung down almost to the ground in
that awkward position. Nancy recognized her as that slave girl she had seen
inside bound so any man could use her body.

	Emily moved her head up and down. Nancy saw that she agreed that Canjac knew
how to take care of a woman.

	"Well I have to go.  This little slave girl is hard to keep satisfied."  He
slapped her on the bare bottom with his right hand.  "I have to get her back
into town where there are many, many men who can use her.  I am afraid that if
she is not used often, she is liable to explode."

	As he finished that he slapped her on the other bottom cheek.  Nancy saw
Emily twist her head around to try to look up at her master.  Once again there
was in motion of her head that had to be a nod. The wild look on her face told
Nancy she enjoyed being used, and pleasing men.

	Nancy knew he thought he could turn her into a submissive slave girl, just
as hot as that Emily he carried about. The beautiful brunette knew he was wrong. 
She would resist this much as she could.  She knew that she could beat her until
she had to obey, but she would always remain a free woman in her heart.

	With Canjac gone, Nancy concentrated in trying to escape.  She wiggled back
and forth, testing the restraint of the single glove that held her arms helpless
behind her back.  She felt the straps being into her shoulders as she struggled
but she could gain no freedom at all.

	The only result of her struggles was the most satisfying orgasms she had in
weeks. Her cheeks turned red at the thought others had heard her protracted
moan. She knelt limply in the barrel, too exhausted by the orgasm to try to
escape.

	She had never imaged being bound could be this much fun.

	She began struggling anew when the wagon passed in front of her. The driver
brought it around in a wide circle so it passed by the landing dock with the
horses pointed toward the dock. She could not see as the men loaded barrels on
the back of the wagon but she could hear the sounds as they slid the barrels to
the edge of the loading dock. She heard the men grunt and heard the "thud" as
each barrel landed on the bed of the wagon.

	She counted as they moved eight barrels to the wagon.  The members of D. A.
A. M. who had been the first in line were securely loaded on the back of the
wagon.  When the wagon was full, the driver yelled, "Giddy up!" and Nancy heard
the wheels roll across the hard ground.

	Nancy began struggling again.  She had tested each element of her bondage
before, but she tried everything again to gain some degree of freedom. Before
the wagon returned for the next load, she had come again.

	She stared blankly ahead as two men slid the barrel containing her body
across the loading dock to the edge.  With a grunt they shoved it onto the back
of the wagon where it landed with a "thud" that shook Nancy's body.  The driver
tipped the barrel on one edge so he could roll it into position. Nancy's spun
around and around and he moved her forward. When he released his hold on the
barrel, it fell in the upright position, the side knocking against another
barrel.

	Being able to stare only straight ahead, Nancy could only see the side of
Maggie's head as it emerged from the top of her barrel.  There were other
captives in the barrels, but she could not identify them from the position they
had left her.  All she could do was stare straight ahead.

	And riding on the back of a wagon in a barrel with a dildo stuck far within
her pussy was most uncomfortable.  Fortunately, it was a short ride from the inn
to the dock.  As the wagon bounced in the jolted from rocks and ruts in the
road, and she felt herself moving up and down on the shaft.  By the time the
wagon arrived at the dock, she was ready to come again.

	The teamster maneuvered the wagon about so the horses led it away from the
ship.  He then had the team back up a few meters to move be back of the wagon
closer to the dock.  The horses move back slowly, centimeter by centimeter,
until the rear of the wagon was in the correct position.  A stevedore waived an
arm to the driver as a signal to stop.  By the time he jumped down from the
seat, the dock worker had removed the back gate of the wagon.

	While the driver climbed up into the wagon, the stevedore placed a large
plank on the back of the wagon so one end rested on the wagon and the other on
the dock.  Tilting the barrel contain Mandi to one side, he rolled it forward
until he could lower it on the end of the plank.  With the raised edge on the
plank, he gave the barrel a little shove.  The barrel slid half a meter down the
plank before the stevedore caught it.

	The helpless captive in the barrel could only stare straight ahead, her eyes
wide in fright.  She had no way of knowing that these two had done this often
before.  They hardly ever damaged a barrel.  The contents of the barrel were
secured in such a way that even if they dropped a barrel on its side, the
captive within would not be hurt.

	The stevedore pushed the barrel over so it was on its side.  He rolled it
forward to the edge of the dock beside the center of the ship. The captive
inside could not tell that the barrel rested on a large cargo net

	Another stevedore broke over from there.

	He pulled the end of the barrel up so it was upright in the center of the
net.  He then turned to await the next barrel.

	It was Nancy's turn next. When the driver moved the barrel over so the
bottom rested only on one edge, she could only stare at the sky.  When he rolled
it along her view changed from the sky to the ship, then down to the bed of the
wagon and up to the driver's legs.  She made two complete circuits like this
until the barrel reached the back of the wagon.  She saw the ship a couple dozen
meters away, but her view was at an angle.  She felt the same terror Mandi had
felt as the barrel slid the short distance down the plank.  She felt relieved
when the stevedore caught it.

	Her relief was short lived as she felt even more panic when the stevedore
pulled the barrel on its side so he could roll it toward the ship.  She was
completely busy and disoriented when the second stevedore pulled the barrel
upright.

	Nancy stared at the side of the ship.  There was nothing else she could do.
She had seen ships before from various positions but never from the inside of a
barrel.

	When all the barrels were positioned in the center of the cargo net, the
stevedore raised one hand over his head and made a circular movement.

	A crew member a the gunnel turned to repeat the arm motion to another of the
crew. That man began turning a crank that pulled a rope through a pulley on an
overhead boom.  The edges of the cargo net rose slowly in the air.  Nancy began
to panic again as she felt the barrel being pulled to the side, then lifted off
the dock.  The net and barrels continued to rise in the air until they had
enough to height to pass over the gunnel.  The crew member then locked the crank
so the cargo would not drop to the ground. The crewmen at the gunnel grabbed the
rough rope of the cargo net with one hand. As he pulled, he swung the boom about
so he had the net positioned above the open hatch to the hold.  With a casual
wave of his hand, he signaled the crewman to lower the net.

	It had been fairly bright outside.  Within the hold of the ship it was
rather dark, though the hatch was still providing some light.  Nancy tried to
look around but still could see nothing. She saw the dark wood of the hull
beyond the barrels and the net, but that all meant nothing to her. They landed
on the deck within the hold. The net continued to drop until it lay flat.

	She heard sounds as a barrel was rolled away from the cargo net.  She heard
the crew members giving each other directions.

	"Gazing out.  Easy now.  That is it."

	She heard a loud "thump!" as a barrel landed on something.  There were other
sounds she could not identify.

	All too soon it was her turn.  She felt one of the crew members tilt the
barrel forward so she could only stare at the deck.  The barrel rolled around
and around several times as the crew member moved it to be desired position in
the hold.  Two other crew members waited there.  All three raised the barrel
upright, so Nancy could stare straight ahead again. They made in a few minor
adjustments to get so she was oriented in the correct position.  The crew
members then pushed the barrel back.  Nancy felt them move the barrel forward so
she had to stare at the deck.  The barrel moved backwards again.

	"Hold it.  All that.  That is it."

	The end of the barrel slid over an opening in the deck.  Nancy felt them
slide the barrel down through a hole, gradually changing its position so it more
upright.  She was able to stare straight ahead again when the barrel landed on a
lower back with the same "thump!" she had heard before.

	A crewman squatted to place planking over the end of the barrel and about
her neck.  From the deck where they stood, no one could see the barrel.  This
decking consisted of two boards with grooves cut into them so they formed a
circle around the beautiful captive's neck.  When they were finished, only
Nancy's head protruded above the back.

	The crew members still had others to store as they had Nancy.  It for them
only a couple of minutes to finish with each.

	They now had Canjac's captives secured in the hold of the ship so only their
heads were visible.

	Nancy was a beautiful woman in she knew it.  She had a luscious body she was
certain any man would love to fondle and caress.

	And here these men treated her only as though she was a piece of cargo. 
They had secured her in the hold of the ship with the other items they were
transported.

	A crewman slowly made his way through the hole, checking on the cargo to
insure that it was properly stowed away.

	Nancy tried to catch his eye, but discovered that found as she was in this
position, with the leather posture collar secured about her neck, she could see
no higher in his knees.

	Though she was on aware of it, she was undergoing her first training as a
slave girl.  She was realizing just how insignificant she really was.

	It grew quite dark in the hold as they closed the hatch.  Nancy felt the
slightest bit of movement as the ship got underway. There was a gentle rocking
as it caught the tide.

	She began to struggle with her bondage again.  To her left she heard one
moan after another as her friends wiggled themselves into orgasms trying to
escape.

	Nancy struggled with her bondage.  The dildo within her worked its way back
and forth, up and down.  She found herself becoming more and more aroused. 
Still she continued to struggle.  She thought she might be able to escape if she
could only�

	"Mmmmmmmmmmmm!!"

	She wondered how many more times she would come before they removed her from
this barrel.




STANDARD DISCLAIMER The following piece of fiction is intended as ADULT
entertainment and has been posted only to an appropriate group on the Internet.
If it is found in any other place this is not the responsibility of the author. 
All characters in this story are fictitious, any similarity to persons living or
dead is purely coincidental. The author does not necessarily condone or endorse
any of the activities detailed in this story, some of which are dangerous or
illegal.

Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 39


     Julie Jackson was excited when she received the invitation to the special
party at the Heath and Beauty Spa. The card from Miranda had arrived early in
the morning. The buxom brunette sat at her desk all day, fingering the card and
staring at the clock. She finally decided to leave work early.

     On the way out, she paused at the door to look around at the young women in
the office.  How would they get by without her being there to watch them
continuously?  Someone needed to keep them in line.  She wondered if she could
get away with chaining them to their desks.

     Miranda was not there when she arrived.  The receptionist smiled politely
and suggested she take a seat. Julie sat in the first chair but did not rest.
The fingers of her right hand drummed on the seat of the chair next to her. She
was anxious for the fun to begin.

     "I am certain someone will be along for you in a second."

     The receptionist gave the buxom brunette another empty smile.

     Julie thought she waited for an hour but it was only a few minutes before
the door to the back opened.

     "Julie?"

      She did not recognize the woman who stood there, but she wore the same
white satin minidress Miranda wore. She reasoned this woman was one of the other
employees of the spa.

     "Miranda is busy right now. Do you want to get started? Or do you want to
wait for her?"

     Julie answered the twin questions by coming to her feet. She was anxious
for this episode to begin.

     She glanced at the doors on the right and left as she followed the woman
down the corridor.  The beautiful brunette wondered what was going on behind
them.  She imagined each door hid a free woman  who was tied, gagged and
completely enjoying herself.

     The woman stopped at one door. The door was locked but the key hung from a
hook on the wall next to it.

     "Why don't you take your clothes off, and we can get started."

     "What about Jane?"

     "She will be along soon.  I guess she was not lucky enough to be able to
get off work early."

     Julie needed only a minute to remove all her clothes. When the last garment
landed on the floor, she stood with her right arm folded across her large boobs
and her left hand covering her pubic area.

     "That is no way to stand.  Lock your hands together behind your head and
pull your elbows that so your chest sticks out.  You have very large boobs and
you should be proud of them.  There are few women who have them as large is you
do, and you should shown them off every chance you can."

     Julie quickly complied.  Raising both arms over her head, she laced her
fingers together. As she brought them down, she pulled back so her hands passed
behind the back of her head.  She wanted to look down to see how far forward her
boobs protruded, but she fought the temptation. She stared straight ahead as she
pulled her elbows back.

     What the woman said was true.  Hers were quite large.  She had every right
to be proud of them.

     "Walk over here in front of me and face the door."

     Keeping her hands locked together behind her head, the buxom brunette
walked to the desired position in the room, and turned to face the door. 

     The woman in the white minidress waited until Julie was in position before
retrieving a wooden bar from up against the wall. Next to it was a large handle
on a winch. Pulling the locking pin from the handle to free it, she swung the
handle about in a circle several times.

     Julie followed the chain from the winch up the wall. There was a pulley at
the junction of the wall and ceiling, and another immediately over her head. 
When she looked up, the end of the chain was a meter over her head.  As the
woman turned the handle, the chain dropped toward her until it was at head
level. There was a hook at the end of the chain.

     The woman stuck the pin back in the handle to keep the winch from turning
further on its own.  As she turned toward Julie, she picked up the wood bar.

     Julie thought it was a spreader bar, and to some extent it was, but this
one was not meant to keep her feet apart. Rather, it was designed to secure her
wrists.  The woman moved her hands to the middle of the bar as she advanced on
the naked beauty.  As she drew closer, Julie saw there was a ring on the wood
bar in the center between her hands.  The woman held the bar in the air so she
could hook the ring. When the woman let go, the ends of the bar moved up and
down.

     The woman selected a pair of leather cuffs from a wardrobe in one corner of
the room. She tucked one in her belt as she walked back to Julie.

     First, she pulled the brunette's right hand in front of her so she could
wrap the leather cuff about her wrist. The cuff itself was six centimeters wide.
Another strap, two centimeters wide, was attached to it.  When this one was
buckled, the leather cuff was held securely about the naked woman's wrist. What
she had it snug, she pulled the leather, in Julie's arm up toward the end of one
side of the bar where there was a ring. On the leather cuff there was a clasp.
She attached to the ring.

     The wood bar sagged down under the weight of the beautiful brunette's arm. 
When she saw what was happening, Julie raised her left arm. By the time she had
her arms raised far enough that the bar was reasonably parallel to the floor,
the woman was fastening the second cuff about her other wrist.  In seconds, she
had Julie's hands secured over her head.

     The woman ignored the captive again as she walked back to the winch. As she
turned the handle, she shortened the chain, slowly pulling the buxom brunette's
hands over her head. She continued to turn the handle until Julie had to stand
on her tiptoes.

     The woman then moved to a small wooden cabinet on the wall opposite the
wardrobe. She pulled out the top drawer without finding what she sought. In the
second drawer down, she pulled out a ball gag.

     The woman stepped around behind her.

     "Open your mouth real wide."

     As soon as she did that, the woman brought the bright red rubber ball
around in front of Julie's face.  She held it with her fingertips, but once she
had it wedged in between the beautiful brunette's teeth, she slid her hand
forward so she could use the palm to shove rubber ball completely in.  As she
pulled the ball back, Julie's head moved also.  The woman put her left hand
against the back of the brunette's head to hold it steady.

     In just a few seconds she had the rubber ball filling Julie's mouth.  The
buxom captive brought the tip of her tongue over the curve of the ball.  Just a
few days ago, the thought of enjoying a rubber ball in her mouth would have been
shocked her.  Now she enjoyed it a lot. 

     She wondered what other kind of gags they had.  Perhaps on her next visit
she could get them to time something different on her. Perhaps a bit gag or a
ring gag would be nice.

     While Julie thought about the ball in her mouth, the woman made certain
that it would not come out.  A two-centimeter wide, black leather strap passed
through a hole in the center of the rubber ball.  With experienced hands, the
woman slid the working end through the buckle on the other end. As she pulled
the strap tight, she drew the rubber ball deeper into Julie's mouth. The thumb
of her left hand pushed the pin through a hole in the strap.  She tucked the end
of the strap through the buckle and the loop.

     Now, not only was Julie helplessly bound, she was in capable of yelling for
help.

     Not that she really wanted someone to help her.  She was enjoying herself.
She had grown used to being bound and gagged.

     And of course, she would not want anyone to see her bound, gagged and naked
as she was.

     The mistress pulled the pins from Julie's hair, allowing it to fall free.
She reached down for a hairbrush but discovered she had none. She had to be
content to pull Julie's long tresses free and allow gravity to work on them.

     The woman in white minidress walked toward the door.  Her job was done.  At
the door she paused and looked back at Julie.  There was no need for a polite
smile now.

     "Someone will be along to dress you soon."

     Julie's experience in bondage was limited, but she was beginning to enjoy
it.  She knew she had to worry about someone see knew walking through the door. 
What if it was some once she knew? What if it was Nancy?  She would be so
embarrassed if someone she knew saw her like this.

     She struggled a couple of minutes with her bondage, knowing that she would
not be able to get free. She wiggled her hands to convince herself that escape
was impossible. All she could do was wait there, her hands secured over her
head, until they came for her.

     Julie waited helplessly for five minutes before the door opened. In walked
a woman dressed in a black leather catsuit. Behind her, at the end of leashes,
came two slave girls dressed as French maids.  The entire motif of their outfits
was black and white.  The dresses themselves were black satin with white lace
trim, but even their gags matched the color pattern with black straps and white
rubber balls.  They wore shoulder-length black satin gloves.

     The French maids had their hands in front of them as their wrists were
connected by handcuffs.  A short chain ran from the cuffs to be up a ring on
their slave collars.

     Besides being secured to their mistress by the leashes, the two were
chained together. Julie saw that a short chain connected their collars and
shackles and chains connected the right ankle of one to the left ankle of the
other.

     They stopped when their mistress stopped. She glanced in Julie's direction
before pointing to the floor with the index finger of her left hand. The pair of
captives fell to their knees to await their mistress's pleasure.

     The woman ignored them for the moment, dropping the leash on the floor
before walking to the cabinet. Reading the message on a piece of paper, she
moved slowly toward Julie. A quick inspection told her all was in order.

     As the leather-clad mistress moved around Julie, she pulled a key from a
leather belt. It took her only seconds to remove the chains and handcuffs from
the French maids. The two remained kneeling, their hands together in front as
though they still wore the handcuffs. They stared straight ahead while their
mistress worked on their bondage.

     Julie stared at them, wondering what it would be like to own a slave girl
as obedient as those two were.

     "Get her dressed."

     She gestured in Julie's direction as she snapped her fingers.  The two
French maids bounded to their feet. They knew what to do without further
instructions as they had been through this routine often before. Their high
heeled sandals "clicked" on the floor as they rushed to the wardrobe. The only
items hanging inside were those for Julie to wear. Each grabbed a sheer black
stocking from a hanger and rushed to be the first to get hers on the brunette.

     One slave girl knelt in front of each of Julie's legs to pull the sheer
black stockings up them.  The luscious brunette could not see if the stockings
had a seam up the back, but she soon decided that they did.  When the slave
girls had the stockings of all the way to her upper thighs, they moved around
behind her.  She felt them tugging and pulling on the stockings, no doubt
straightening the seams.  When they had them straight, each cupped one of
Julie's legs near the ankle and pull all the wrinkles from the stockings.

     Julie knew they were done when they came to their feet. She heard the
clicking of their high heels on the floor. She turned her head to what they were
going to her next.

     The slave girls had returned in the wardrobe to get more clothing. One
knelt in front of her with a pair of high heeled sandals. Raising Julie's right
foot in the air, she maneuvered it about so she could fit the toe in the shoe.
Since the captive stood on her tiptoes to take the weight off her wrists, her
feet already were in the right position for the shoes.

     One strap across the top of a foot and another about her ankle kept the
captive from removing the sandals. The kneeling slave girl turned her attention
to the other foot to repeat the process.

     The other slave girl fitted a black satin garter belt about Julie's hips to
hold up the stockings. She hooked the ends together and made a few adjustments
so it fit perfectly. Next, she adjusted the length of the straps so she could
attach the tabs to the tops of the stockings.

     The two slave girls finished about the same time. (They had done this so
often that the mistresses knew how to break down the job so they finished at the
same time.) Quickly they ran to the wardrobe to get more clothing for Julie to
wear.

     It took the slave girl only a few seconds to get the buxom brunette to step
into the white cotton miniskirt. This garment was so short it barely covered her
bottom. The slave girl pulled the zipper up in back and snapped the ends
together.

     The extremely tight miniskirt would not come off without assistance.

     While she did that, the other slave girl secured Julie's oversize boobs in
the white satin triangles of the halter top. A thin satin ribbon, tied in a bow,
connected the two cups. Slightly more substantive strings ran around behind her
back and up to her chest to the back of her neck. Both strings were tied
together in simple bows.

     A tug on the free end of any bow would cause Julie titties to fall out of
the halter top.

     Julie felt herself becoming aroused by the mere thought of her
vulnerability.

     Compared to most slave girls, Julie was rather overdressed.  To a free
woman though, she was almost naked. It was worse than that as the abbreviated
outfit emphasized the lusciousness of her body.

     The French maid slave girls made another trip to the wardrobe to get
bondage for Julie. As they approached the captive, the leather-clad mistress
attached a chain leash to Julie's collar.

     While the mistress stood in front of her so she could not run off, the two
slave girls put her in the bondage. One maneuvered her arms without so each hand
was at the elbow of the other. The other wrapped a broad, black leather strap
about Julie's forearms.  This strap was wide enough that it went from one upper
arm to the other.  At each end there was a leather cuff. While one slave held
the broad strap about Julie's forearms, the other fastened several smaller
straps around the larger strap. With the cuffs attached to her upper arms, she
was once again a helpless prisoner.

     Julie could struggle a little but she certainly could not get free.

     When the mistress pulled on the leash, Julie had no choice but to follow.

     The leather-clad mistress led the nearly naked captive toward the door. She
was not ready to leave quite yet. At the door she attached the end of the leash
to a ring on the wall.

     As she walked toward the French maids, she snapped her fingers and pointed
toward the floor. The two slave girls knelt with their hands together in front
of them. Julie turned about to watch as the mistress locked the two in the same
chain bondage they had been in when they entered the room. The mistress pulled
up on the leash, forcing the two to rise. She led them to a wall where she
tethered them.

     The mistress returned to Julie. A single jerk on the leash was enough to
get her to walk forward. Julie was in the hallway before she realized it. Behind
her was the safety of the room.  She was now out in public, sort of, where other
people could see her.

     She glanced from one side to the other in fear that she would see somebody
she knew. She was glad to see that their destination was the storage room near
the dock.  She had visions of going to the same club where she had gone before.

     She guessed that was why they had not put panties on her. 

     She could hardly wait.

     Again the mistress said nothing to Julie as she attached her end of the
leash to a ring on the wall.  Julie watched as she walked away. She could only
wait until they were ready for her.

     Julie had to wait several minutes before someone came for her. Two more
women in black leather pulled leather slave sacks from a cabinet. One they left
on the floor. The other they spread out directly in front of the loading dock
doors.

     Using the leash, one mistress brought the helpless captive over so she
stood in the center of the leather sack.

     "Kneel!"

     Julie lower her left knee to the floor, then brought her right down to join
it. Before she could lower her bottom, the other mistress stepped behind her
with a leather strap. It took only seconds to wrap the strap about the kneeling
woman's ankles and buckle it. She attached a short chain to a ring on the strap
and threaded under Julie's arms in back down to the leather cuff.  This kept the
captive from rising from that position.

     There were several different types of slave sacks. This one had eight
triangular panels connected by heavy industrial zippers. In seconds they had
Julie encased in leather.

     That was how the luscious brunette spent the next half hour.  She wondered
what they intended to do to her, but she was in no position to ask.  The
position was not very comfortable, but neither was it painful.

     She turned her head as far to the left as she could when she heard the
clicking of high heels on the floor.  The same mistress who had overseen her
dressing and bondage appeared in sight. Behind her was Jane.

     She wore the same outfit as Julie. When she paraded past, Julie saw that
she was bound in the same manner.

     It took them only a few minutes to secure Jane in a slave sack next to
Julie. The two helpless captives knelt facing the dock doors without being able
to move around, defend themselves, or complain.

     In many ways, they were being treated as typical slave girls.

     The two spent the next hour in that position before they saw someone come
through a small door leading outside. The place was soon full of leather wearing
women who pulled the doors open to reveal a wagon outside.

     Others attached chains to rings on the outside of Julie's slave sack.
Before pulling, they spun her about so she looked away from the door. They
pulled her backwards through the doors and onto the bed of the wagon.

     In that position, Julie could see them drag Jane out to join her. With the
tailgate closed, she could see nothing as the wagon started forward.




Chapter 40


     Julie wondered to which club they were taking them.  She had heard rumors
of several that catered to young women who enjoyed being tied up and used as
slave girls.  The clubs, of course, were secret since that type of activity was
outlawed as it was too easily to turn a helplessly bound woman into a slave
girl. Julie knew the clubs existed but did not know where they were. From the
outside no one could tell what went on within the sanctuary of a private club.

     The buxom brunette squirmed around inside a leather bag in anticipation of
what was about to happen to her. Her bondage was too rigid for her to reach any
part of her body. A moan of frustration came from behind her gag.

     She knew when they had reached their destination as she felt the wagon
stop. Twisting her head back, she looked up but saw nothing but the sides of the
wagon. The driver gave orders to the horses to get them to back up.

     The wagon crept backwards. She heard a woman's voice encouraging the driver
to keep the team moving. When the rear of the wagon was against the loading
dock, someone lowered the gate.

     Julie could tell by the sounds what was happening.  She still could see
nothing. Had they placed a blindfold on her she would not have known less.

     Not that it would have mattered.  From inside a leather slave set, all
loading docks looked pretty much the same.  Julie thought this was not the one
to which they had gone the last time. She thought they had come in a different
direction but she was not certain.

     Even had she been able to see where she was, she would not have recognized
the back of the Amazons' headquarters. (The fact that all the women wore black
leather catsuits might have been a clue but the buxom brunette was not in the
position to think about that.)

     She felt the pressure disappear as Jane's slave sack was pulled off her. 
She tried again to twist her head around as she heard someone drawing the
leather sack and its sensuous contents across the bed of the wagon. Hands
grabbed her slave sack to pull it upright. As they dragged her from the wagon,
her back was toward the floor. The buxom brunette stared in the air as she was
dragged inside the building. Her head moved from right to left but she could see
nothing.  She felt the difference as they slid her from the bed of the wagon to
the floor of the loading dock. Part of the building came into sight over her.

     There she remained for several seconds. They closed the doors to the
outside, throwing several bolts to insure no one could break in. No one would be
able to interrupt the activities they had planned for their captives.

     Julie tried to twist her head about again as she heard the sound of wheels
moving across the floor toward her. From the sounds of creaking leather, she
guessed Jane was to her left, but she could not see her.

     "Turn around!"

     She heard some mistress give further orders to some slave girls.  Once
again she tried to see what was happening behind her. All she could see was a
woman dressed in black leather standing near the door, her right hand on her hip
and a switch in her left hand impatiently tapping the side of her leg. When the
woman noticed Julie staring at her, she extended the switch so she could rub the
end across Julie's cheek.

     "Just be patient, My Dear. We will get to you in good time."

     The woman tapped Julie on top her head with the switch.

     Julie tested her bondage again. One tug on the leather holding her arms
behind her back told her she was completely at the mercy of these women.

     "Which one first?"

     The woman tapped Julie on the side of her face with the switch.

     "The one with the darker hair.  She goes on the bottom."

     Since she knew that her hair was darker than Jane's, she knew they were
talking about her.  That belief was confirmed when unseen hands lifted the slave
sack from the floor, depositing it on a small cart. At least, she assumed it was
a cart. She still could see nothing of it. Since they had rolled something up to
her and she was now several centimeters higher than she had been, she assumed
they had put her on a small cart.

     "Let's go."

     Crack! Crack!

     That order was accompanied by the unmistakable sound of a switch being
applied to the bare bottom of a woman. The sounds were slightly different so she
guessed they had a pair of slave girls pulling the cart.

     The cart started forward.  In this position, the captive beauty could only
see where she had been. As they moved away from her,  Julie saw Jane's head
sticking up from her slave sack. At least she thought it was Jane as all she
could see of her sister captive was her head sticking out of the slave sack. The
slave sack and its contents remained inside the large doors at the loading dock.
Two women clad in black leather catsuits stood guard.

     "I guess they are there to protect her. They surely don't have to worry
about her getting away. If I couldn't�"

     Julie decided the slave sack was a great way to transport free young women
around town.  No one would ever recognize them covered in the black leather of
the slave sack.  Hidden in the back of a wagon they could be moved around town
without anyone being the wiser. She wondered if she could arrange for them to
pick up her from the college next time. If she could find someone she trusted,
she could have herself packaged up and waiting for them.

     "Maybe I can tell those stupid bimbos in the office that I am leaving at
lunch. Then I can wait on the loading dock back in Receiving until they come for
me."

     Julie's journey on the cart was not long.  They moved down a corridor from
the loading dock.  It seemed to the buxom brunette that both sides of the
corridor were lines with tethered slave girls. They all faced the wall without
moving, their bare bottoms protruding, almost begging for another spanking.

     "Damn.  I was hoping to get some special attention."

     Still believing they were delivering her to some private club, she thought
the captive women she saw were women like her who wanted to be bound and used as
slave girls. She did not realize they were slave girls, and her fate was to be
the same as theirs.

     In just a few seconds they reach their destination. Julie could see it was
a large room with many switches, paddles and straps hanging from the walls.

     She guessed this was where they disciplined bad little slave girls. They
would remove her from the slave sack here so anyone seeing her coming from this
room would think she was just another slave girl.

     "Stop."

     They dragged the slave sack from the cart.  Julie landed on the floor with
a "thud."

     "Will one of you take the cart back and get the other one?  We will get
started on this one."

     The woman giving the orders was the same tall brunette she had seen on the
loading dock.  Julie did not like the way that woman looked at her.

     As she approached, the woman drew a switch from her belt.  She let the tip
run up and down Julie's cheeks.

     "We are going to have so much fun playing with you.  This will be one night
you will never forget."

     The woman was Cathy Camersole. Her role with the Amazons was to turn free
women into slave girls. There was nothing she like better than turning virgin
bottomcheeks bright red.

     Julie realized the seven women surrounding her were all dressed in black
leather.  She wondered if this was some club bit catered only two women. What it
would be like to half to service a woman, just as Jane had serviced her. She
would probably object. They would flick a switch on her bottom a couple of times
and she would agree to eat pussy.

     Hands quickly removed the locks and straps that kept the buxom brunette
imprisoned in the leather slave sack.  They pulled the zippers down to peel back
the various panels of the slave sack, but made no effort to pull it out from
under their captive.  Of course, Julie could not see what happened behind her,
but she felt hands removing the leather cuffs from her feet.

     "Bend forward.  Put your face against your knees and stay in that position
until we tell you otherwise."

     Julie leaned forward. 

     "Raise your butt in the air. We want it higher than your head." 

     Julie knew that was one of many submissive positions for slave girls. Her
face, her brains, were unimportant. What mattered only was that her bottom be
available for anyone to punish.

     She wondered what they were going to do to her. She hoped they were no
going to smack her with a switch. While the sting of that device might be novel,
what could they do for an encore?

     It did not take long for her to find out why they had her in that position.
Hands removed the bondage device securing her arms behind her back. Except for
the gag in her mouth, she was free.  She knew that situation would not remain
long. She kept her arms behind her back as they had been when she still wore
that bondage device. Her bare bottom was still in the perfect position for a
spanking.

     "Stand up!  Turn around and face me!"

     Julie quickly came to her feet.  She guessed it would be best not to
antagonize these women.  Since they had not spanked her when they could, she
doubted they would without her permission, but why irritate them?

     "Hands behind your back."

     As soon as she complied, a woman snapped a pair of handcuffs on her.  This
made it impossible for her to resist as Cathy stepped forward with arms
outstretched.  In seconds, the buxom brunette's top fluttered to the floor.  The
woman who had handcuffed Julie's hands pulled down on the zipper so the
miniskirt dropped to her ankles.

     Julie looked down but did not step out of the garment.  They had not
ordered her to do so.  They had not given her permission.

     "Well?  What are you waiting for?  Step out of it."

     The miniskirt disappeared behind her along with the top.

     "Sit on the platform behind you."

     A woman knelt on the platform to reach Julie's wrists.  In seconds she had
the handcuffs off.

     "Now lay back and put your hands over your head."

     As soon as she did that, she felt hands grabbed her arms to pull her
forward. Her body slid across the surface toward the far end. They obviously had
pulled her body too far as two women grabbed her legs to pull her back a few
centimeters in the other direction.  When they had her in the proper position, a
woman knelt on the platform to fasten a broad leather strap across her flat
tummy. The two ends buckled together.

     When that woman stepped back, the two holding her arms pulled them under
the platform at to secure them there with leather cuffs and chains. As they
straightened up and back away, Julie tested this new bondage. She could move her
arms about. The chains kept her from bringing her hands up to protect her body,
and the cuffs had padlocks so she could not get them off.

     Once again Julie was helplessly bound.  She tugged a little on the cuffs
holding her arms under the platform, but the chains and the leathers cuffs were
secure.

     From her head to her bottom, her body lay on the platform.  Her feet
remained on the floor, bent at the knee. Her bare bottom rested on the edge of
the platform.

     For a few seconds they ignored the buxom captive to turn their attention to
Jane. Julie had been so occupied with her own bondage, they she had not heard
the sounds of the cart bringing her captive friend into the room.

     Staring at the ceiling with her boobs forming a mountain range to block her
sight, she could not see what they did to Jane.  From the commands given, it was
apparent they did to Jane exactly as they had Julie. At the end, they gave no
command for her to get on the platform as they had Julie. The woman with the
switch (Cathy) ordered her back to her knees, her face against her knees and her
bottom in the air.

     As they removed the second woman's bondage, two women made preparations on
the platform for her.  They moved the bottom half of a pillory into position
over Julie's hips.  Bolts on the side of the platform were used to keep it
secure.  When they stepped back, the bottom of the device stood only a couple of
centimeters above the captive's belly.

     "On your feet! Follow me! Turn around!"

     Jane appeared suddenly in sight over Julie's face. They had moved her
around to the other side of the platform so she was next to her head.  She
crawled forward on all fours toward the bottom of the pillory, her naked body
straddling Julie's.

     Since she had been bound in this position several times before, Jane knew
what to do without the Amazons giving her orders.  (It was all part of her
training.) She crawled forward until she could fit her neck and hands in the
grooves on the bottom part of the board. She waited patiently for them to put
the upper half in place to complete her bondage.

     Julie was not concerned what sort of bondage they put her friend in.  Her
only thoughts were on the pussy immediately above her face. She was glad she
wore that ballgag. With Jane's thighs straddling her face it would be difficult
for them to unbuckle the strap so they could remove the rubber ball from her
mouth. They did not mean for her to eat Jane's pussy then. Still, she did not
like the way they had it positioned over her face.

     Though Julie could not see it, she could hear them fastening the upper part
of the pillory in place.  She heard more sounds as clasps were fastened and
padlocks applied. Two Amazons lifted the upper board of the pillory to fit it
down over Jane's neck and wrists. Cathy had quickly snapped the clasps shut in
front. Though Jane could not possible escape from it, she added a pair of
padlocks.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 41

	Bound as she was with Jane on top her, Julie could not see much of what
was going on.

	Julie knew that Jane was just as helpless as she was.  The main
difference between the two was that Jane's bottom was raised in the air and
exposed.

	Julie moved her head from one side to the other to see if there was some
way she could get out of that position. The presence of Julie's thighs so close
to her face kept her from rotating her head more than a few centimeters to
either side. The other woman's thighs acted like vice to keep her head steady.

	Just when Julie thought things could not get worse, someone grabbed her
hair to pull her head up. Unseen hands shoved a shim under her head to keep her
nose only a centimeter from her sister captive's pussy.

	"I'm not going to move my head. I'm not going to move at all."

	While Julie occupied with thoughts with futile thoughts that she had
some control over her body, they fastened a leather strap about each of Jane's
thighs. While she saw enough to know they were doing that, she could not see
them attach ends of chains to rings on the straps. By pulling the chains, they
dragged the captive's knees outwards. With this, Jane's body sagged down until
her pussy rested on Julie's nose.

	Julie wiggled in a vain attempt to try to get her nose out, but
discovered she was only exciting the woman on top her. Jane's bondage had not
made her immobile. She could move a little which she did. They raising her fanny
in the air and then bringing it down again, she was able to drag her pussy
across Julie's nose.

	Julie decided that before she came to the Health and Beauty Spa again,
she would find out exactly what kind of activity they had planned for her. While
she liked Jane and would certainly not have objected if the woman was on the
bottom with her nose in Julie's pussy, they had not warned her about this. There
were certain activities that slave girls did only to mistresses (and to other
slave girls).

	They pulled the chains under the platform where they attached them to
hooks. This held Jane in that position.

	Julie had other things to worry about as two women pulled her feet in
the air. Once they had her legs pointed toward the ceiling, they pulled them
apart. These women leaned against Jane's legs to pin the fronts of her thighs
against the pillory. A couple more women fastened straps about  her lower thighs
and then ran chains between the straps and rings on the pillory. These chains
kept her legs in this position once they let go.

	Julie thought this was an embarrassing and revealing position, but soon
she did not care.  She felt a tongue probing her pussy. She quickly forgot about
Jane as she became aroused.

	During the commotion of being bound, Julie had not heard them bring
another slave girl into the room. This captive knelt on the floor beneath Jane's
head. Once the gag was removed from her mouth, she began licking Julie's pussy.
The slave girl had been well trained so she knew immediately what they expected
of her. (Is she one of their captives we have met along the way? Perhaps. All
slave girls with the large bosom and long hair look pretty much the same.)

	As Julie began to come, her whole body began to writhe (as best it could
while in bondage). Her nose worked back and forth in Jane's pussy, exciting the
woman laying on top her. Julie did not want to do this, but she could no longer
control her body. The ecstasy of multiple orgasms was too great. She moved her
head up and down, left and right. She could tell Jane was close to an orgasm
herself.

	"If they just wanted us to eat each other�"

	Smack!

	Julie had not seen the paddle coming.  She did not realize anyone was
going to be spanked until she heard the sound of wood striking the soft flesh of
a woman's round bottom.

	Julie moved her head back, her nose running through Jane's pussy. Smack!
In this position, she saw the next blow land on the woman's round bottomcheeks.
Though she remained motionless, Jane squirmed about in vain. While she could not
stop the third blow from landing on her bottom, she did manage to excite herself
further by rubbing her pussy on Julie's raised nose.  The young woman was close
to an orgasm as the fourth blow landed.

	Julie felt Jane's body shutter from the blows and from her first orgasm.
That did not stop the blows from coming. The buxom brunette could not see all
the blows because they switched to Jane's hips and thighs. They wanted to
inflict the maximum pain before giving Jane the opportunity to beg to be a slave
girl.

	The blows with the paddle continued but Julie had other things on her
mind. She fought the orgasm as long as she could but some things were
inevitable. She emitted a moan through the ballgag.

	"I guess they are showing us that anyone can enjoy being spanked," the
luscious brunette thought as she felt the stirring of another orgasm begin.

	Julie had no idea how many swats to the fanny Jane had taken when the
woman welding the paddle moved around to the other end of the platform.

	"Well, Jane. You know what it is like to be a slave girl. You can either
beg for a collar, or I can wear out another paddle on your ass."

	Julie could not tell what Jane's answer was as she was going through
another orgasm at the time. She realized in second her answer must have been
affirmative as they freed Jane from her bondage so they could pull her to her
feet.

	She heard the sounds of them encouraging Jane to put her throat in the
collar. She heard Jane's first spanking as a slave girl. The young woman made
her way around the group, receiving a spanking from each woman before using her
mouth to thank her.

	They had not totally ignored Julie as the slave girl who was eating her
pussy continued hard at work.  The buxom brunette tried to listen to find out
what was happening to Jane as she knew it would soon happen to her. Julie
continued to struggle with her bondage, but every twenty or thirty seconds she
paused to emit another moan of pleasure.

	When they were finished with Jane, it was Julie's turn. They dragged
Jane, now properly adorned with a slave collar, over to the position she had
before on top Julie. They had no need for another slave girl to assistant them
now. Once they had removed the gag, they pressed Jane's mouth onto Julie's
pussy.

	"Faster.  Faster. Do you want another spanking?"

	Jane's mouth and tongue worked much faster now. The Amazons stood around
smiling. Cathy readied the paddle when it was evident Julie was about to come.

	Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!

	That was how the buxom brunette spent the next half-hour. Every orgasm
was accompanied by another series of swats with the paddle. By the time they
finished, her bottom cheeks and upper by were bright red.  She was willing to do
anything to keep from being spanked again.

	A pair of Amazons moved to Julie's head.

	"We can stop now or continue until morning. Do you agree to be a slave
girl? Blink your eyes twice if you agree."

	Julie was willing to do anything to avoid being spanked anymore.  She
blinked her eyes twice just as they had told her to do. With Jane's bottom on
her face, they could see nothing.

	"I think she wants more."

	Julie blinked twice more.

	"What was that?"

	Julie blinked twice more, paused a few seconds, then blinked twice more.

	In a matter of seconds, they had a ballgag back in Jane's mouth.  They
pulled her bottom up in the air so they could slide Julie out from under her. As
she landed on the floor, they pulled her arms behind her back to handcuff them
out of the way. Two hands pulled her head back. As her mouth opened as a reflex,
they pushed a ballgag in.

	"Crawl over here and put your throat against this collar, or we will
have a new torment for you."

	Julie twisted her head about. Cathy held a black leather slave collar in
her hands. The buxom brunette did not want to be a slave girl, but neither did
she want another spanking like the one she had just endured.  She knew she had
no choice.  Slowly she nodded.

	"Put your throat right here." The Amazon's right hand held one end of
the collar.  Her left hand supported the other end with her index finger pointed
to the center.

	The luscious captive crawled across the floor to the waiting Amazon. To
keep her from hesitating, one of her captoresses followed her with a switch that
she periodically tapped against Julie's already's sore bottom.

	When she reached a spot half a meter in front of Cathy, she lowered her
head, placing her throat against the leather band.  The Amazon brought her knees
together to pin her head into position.  There was no backing out now.  The
beautiful brunette was going to be a slave girl.

	Once Cathy had the collar locked about her neck, she turned her
attention to Julie's hair. With the pins out, her long dark tresses fell down
over her shoulders.

	Julie now looked no different than the hundreds of other slave girls the
Amazons had. (Okay, her boobs were larger than most.)

	The ritual began for another slave girl. Cathy pulled the buxom brunette
over her lap to give her a slave girl's traditional first spanking. After that,
Julie knelt with her face between Cathy's legs to use her tongue to thank her
for turning her into a slave girl. Other Amazons wanted to share in the fun and
pleasure. From each, Julie received a sound spanking. Long before they were done
with her, her lips and tongue were tired.

	She needed training if she was going to please these Amazons.

	An hour later the Amazons secured the two new slave girls back together
on a different platform. This platform had two oval sections, one to support
Jane's lower back and another to support her upper shoulders and head.

	Jane already lay on her back on the bottom when they dragged Julie to
her, her arms secured under the platform. They had Julie lay on top her so her
face was in the other's crotch. They pulled her arms around Jane's body. Because
of the gap in the platform, they were able to bind her so she tightly hugged the
other woman's body. With Julie already secured, they bound Jane so tightly
clutched Julie's body.

	With the gags out and their faces in each other's crotch, little
direction was needed.

	The Amazons watched the two come again and again. Within a day or two
the two would be ready to service the Amazons.

	When they grew tired of the spectacle of two new slave girls exciting
each other, some moved out into the hallway.

	All wore black leather catsuits except one who had not been present
during the subjugation process. Her attire was a black cotton suit. No one would
think she was an Amazon. Her name was Charlene Charles.

	"I met Debbie today. She seemed interested, but said she did not have
any opening.  She said she would see me in mind if one came up." She paused to
look through the doorway where the two newly-collared slave girls were making
loud noises as they came. "I think she will have an opening for an office
assistant."

	The Amazons all laughed.

	Their plan was working to perfection.  Charlene had made the contact
with Nancy can get a job in the Acme College of Cosmetology.  Once she was in
the job and knew what was going on, they would be ready to take it over.

	"You know," said Clarissa, "I don't think anything can stop us now."

	Miranda appeared in the doorway with a puzzled look on her face.

	"Has anyone seen Lori?"




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 42

	Michelle Michaels moved silently from her bed to the closet. The clothes
she had chosen to wear were hanging separately so she could find them without
lighting a lamp. Once she had the clothes on, the nightdress disappeared into
the bottom drawer of her dresser.

	The attire she had chosen matched her general appearance. The slacks
were completely black while the top was the same hue of black but with a floral
pattern.. Her hair was jet black and her eyes extremely dark.

	Carefully she made the bed. That might alarm Lauren that something was
amiss, but her gullible roommate believed everything she told her. Michelle
usually left her room a mess but wanted it to be clean while she was gone. She
doubted cleaning it would make Lauren suspicious.

	Opening the bedroom door only a couple centimeters, she looked in the
direction of her roommate's door. There was no sound to show Lauren was awake.

	"So far, so good," she mumbled to herself.

	Lauren's purse was on the bottom shelf where she always kept it.
Carefully Michelle pulled it off  and carried it to the window. She hoped any
sounds she might make would go outside.

	The purse contained three gold crowns. The naughty roommate knew better
than to take them. She always warned Lauren about carrying around so much money
but her roommate ignored her (as she hoped she would). There were eleven silver
talens. She removed two of them. Half a dozen pfennigs would not be missed
either.

	Did she steal often from her roommate? Of course. One month Lauren
complained that she was late with her share of the rent. She promised she would
have the money the next day. During the night she took the money from Lauren's
purse and paid her with it.

	A glance at the window told her it was almost dawn. She could travel in
style now that she had money. While her situation was not good, she could still
go through this with style.

	A few hours later, Michelle sat slumped down in the chair outside the
office door, her arms folded across her chest and her lower lip protruding.
Rather than be there, she should be out partying. Since it was quite early in
the morning, perhaps it was too early to party. She should at least be sleeping
off the effects of last night's party.

	No, she has to be there ready to be humiliated in private and used as
any common slave girl.

	Of course it was not her fault. She had just listened to bad advice.

	Fortunately, she was beautiful and an exquisitely curved body. There was
a way out.

	(She sat outside Canjac's office. Does anyone really care what she did
to require his help?)

	Michelle had arrived at dawn so no one would see her. Her humiliation
would be private. She did not want anyone she knew to see her coming there. None
of her friends would know about this.

	The lower lip protruded further as she thought about how long she had
waited there. Most guys she knew would be anxious to take a roll in the hay with
her. There she was, offering her body to this guy in exchange for his help, and
he made her wait.

	A free woman being bound as a slave girl was not completely legal, nor
was it illegal. Of course she could not be called a slave girl or wear a collar,
but other than that, anything was acceptable.

	They were called "guests."

	Michelle would be Canjac's "guest." As his "guest," she would be
expected to please him as any of his slave girls would. In exchange he would use
his considerable influence to make her problem go away.

	The beautiful brunette began to tremble a bit as she heard voices from
the other end of the building. One man did the talking, his voice becoming
louder and clearer as he drew nearer.

	"I want everything ready when the shipment comes. There should be no
trouble. I got word that the ship arrived last night. The cargo was offloaded
and put in a bonded warehouse. I'll take care of the leader. I have something
special for her. The others may or may be resist. Treat them as we do the
Amazons. Once their leader is in harness I think the others will be most
accomodating."

	He came into sight. Over his left shoulder was the body of a naked
woman. Four men followed. Michelle recognized one as the man she had talked to
the day before.

	"We are going to need everybody to handle this shipment, so put as many
of the slave girls out to stud as is practical."

	Putting slave girls out to stud? Now there is an interesting (if rather
confusing) statement.

	Canjac opened the door to his office. The others followed him in.

	"I forgot about Emily. One of you take her out near the entrance. She
has to be used frequently or she might explode."

	The laughter from within had not completely subsided when one of the men
emerged leading a slave girl.

	Michelle saw the slave girl was beautiful, but her titties were not
nearly as large as hers were. The captive was on the man's heels. She had never
seen a slave girl so anxious to be used.

	She turned to watch they pass through the doorway to the main entrance
in front. By the time she turned her head back, they had closed the door to the
office.

	The pout remained planted on her lovely face as they made her wait even
longer. She looked to the left as she heard the door open.

	"Will you please come in?"

	So occupied was she with her own woes that she had not heard the door to
Canjac's office open. The man who had taken Emily out to the entrance followed
her in.

	"Let's cut the crap. I have to see if you are serious or not. Take off
your clothes."

	The buxom brunette was not overly anxious to strip in front of these
five men. It took her only a couple of minutes to remove her top, bra, shoes,
slacks and panties.

	"Now kneel in front of the desk with your hands locked together behind
your head. Stick your tits out as far as they go. You have to convince us it is
worthwhile making this arrangement."

	To maintain her balance, she put both hands on the edge of the desk as
she lowered her left knee to the floor. Once she brought her right down to join
it, she put her hands in the desired position.

	"I hate to start off this way, but you would be surprised at the number
of women who come in here, willing to be used as slave girls, but not willing to
take off their clothing. I haven't figured out a way to do that yet."

	Even Michelle had to smile at that.

	"Did Rolfo explain my terms and conditions to you?"

	"Yes."

	"Tell me what I expect of you."

	"You will tie me up and use me as a slave girl."

	"For how long?"

	"Thirty days."

	"Let me go over the details to make certain we are in agreement.

	"Whether you are naked, or dressed to some extent is totally up to me.
We will assume I keep you naked except for high heels for the entire thirty
days.

	"You will be available for me to use, for any of my men to use, for any
of my guests to us. You will not be placed in public, nor will we let anyone
know you are here or who you are. Your sole obligation is to please us.
Understand?"

	"Yes."

	"We will not spank you or use nipple clamps or anything else on you."
They all saw the relief on Michelle's face at that statement.

	"I will place you in a hallway. Every time a man approaches, you will
turn around, spread your legs and bend over to offer your pussy to him. Whether
he chooses to use you or not is entirely up to him. If he walks past you, you
may straighten up and turn around. Understand?"

	"Yes."

	"Besides being bound, you will be gagged with this." He pulled a ballgag
harness from a drawer. "There is a hole through the center so we can feed you
without removing the gag."

	At this point Canjac sat back and smiled.

	"With that gag between your lips, your mouth is off-limits. We will
respect that. Should you kneel though, we will interpret that as meaning you
agree to us using your mouth. We will avail ourselves and replace that gag with
this one." He leaned forward to retrieve a dildo gag from a drawer.

	"When you sign the contract, you are agreeing to all this. You will make
your body available to us willingly. Should you refuse to honor the terms of the
contract, you will be escorted from the premises."

	"That is all? If I change my mind, you just tell me to go?"

	Michelle resisted the temptation to turn to look at the men chuckling at
her.

	"We will escort you out the door. Of course you will be naked and still
bound, but we won't punish you for breaking the contract."

	The men erupted into outright laughter.

	"How often do you toss women out like that?"

	"There is always a first time."

	The kneeling woman's eyebrows moved down as she thought about it.

	"And you will take care of everything?"

	"Everything. Your problems will go away. There will be no record of
anything."

	"You have slave girls all over this place. Why are you willing to incur
all this expense?"

	"It is a form of gambling. I am betting that at the end of thirty days,
you won't want to leave."

	"How often do women leave after thirty days?"

	"There is always a first time."

	The men erupted into laughter. Even Canjac had to smile.

	"I don't want to be a slave girl."

	"That is what you are betting. You are betting that at the end of thirty
days you walk away from here satisfied to go back to your life with things the
way they were before you were in trouble. I'm betting you want to stay."

	Michelle thought about it for a few seconds.

	"Where do I sign?"

	Canjac produced the papers. One of his men was a notary so all was legal
and binding.

	"Stand up so we can get the shoes on you. You might step on something
and hurt yourself if you walk around in bare feet."

	The shoes were dark blue sandals. A strap across the foot and another
about the ankle insured the wearer could not get them off. These were usual
slave girl shoes with fifteen centimeter stiletto heels.

	While a man fastened the straps about her feet, Canjac produced another
item from a drawer.

	"Since you are not a slave girl, you will not be wearing a slave collar.
This choker looks like a collar. Unlike a collar, it comes off easily."

	He handed it to the buxom beauty. Michelle studied the medallion handing
from a ring. On the front it read: "Michelle, a guest." On the reverse, it gave
her name and address.

	"Why the address?"

	"If we have to toss you out on the street, the gendarmes have to have
some way of identifying where you go."

	While that made sense, it was also a little disturbing. If they did toss
her out on the street, the authorities would know what she had done, and
everyone else would too.

	"Go ahead and put it on."

	She raised it to her throat. One of the men snapped the ends together
behind her neck.

	"Since you are not a slave girl, we will keep your hair pinned up."

	Michelle was uncertain whether that was good or bad. At least they were
acknowledging that she was a free woman. The laws protected her from being
enslaved inside the town walls. She decided she had nothing to worry about. All
she had to do was allow them to use her body.

	Not only would she be out of trouble, she might enjoy herself.

	"Put your hands together behind your back."

	The buxom brunette had expected them to use handcuffs, or perhaps ropes
on her body to make her helpless. Instead they had a leather single glove.

	As they slid the bondage device up her arms, she started to look over
her left shoulder to see what they did. Realizing she would not be able to tell
anything, she stared straight ahead, pretending that what they did not concern
her.

	Once the top of the leather item was above her elbows, the men pulling
it up tossed the leather straps over her shoulders. Michelle looked down. The
straps dangled down on each side to her waist.

	A man ran the lace from her wrists to the top, weaving the ends back and
forth, snagging the hooks before crossing them to repeat the process a little
higher on Michelle's arms. At the top he slipped the ends through clasps that
would hold them steady while he tightened the lace.

	To do this, he used a lace-tightening device that was shaped as a T. The
crosspiece was the handle. The lace fit into grooves on the bottom. As he turned
the handle, the lace wrapped around the straight piece between the handle and
the grooves. As they tightened, they drew Michelle's arms together. The man did
not stop until he had the buxom brunette's elbows touching. He attached another
set of clamps that held the laces taut while he removed the device and tied the
ends together.

	Canjac had moved around the desk.

	"This device does wonder for the titties."

	As he said that he fondled Michelle's oversized boobs.

	The luscious captive blushed. She knew she had every reason to expect
this. For the next thirty days he would have unlimited use of her body.

	Besides, it felt good.

	"Now, open your mouth and say �Ahhhh.'"

	The ballgag harness was next. Once she had her mouth open wide, Canjac
shoved the rubber ball between her teeth. One of his men buckled the ends of the
strap together behind her head. When the man indicated he was done, Canjac
passed the harness over Michelle's head. From either side of her mouth a strap
ran across her cheeks to the bridge of her nose. They were riveted to a single
strap that continued up over her head and down in back where the man buckled the
end to the first strap.

	Canjac, meanwhile, pulled another pair of straps under Michelle's chin.
When he had them buckled together, the comesome brunette could not open her
mouth at all.

	"Turn around. Let us take a look at you."

	The buxom brunette made one complete circuit. When she stopped facing
Canjac, he motioned with one hand for her to turn again. She continued turning
slowly until he told her to stop.

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	She had not expected the blindfold.

	"Calm down. I'll take it off once we get to your place."

	She tried to remain calm as a man buckled the ends of the strap together
behind her head.

	"Mmmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	She was surprised when someone (Canjac) picked her up. Slung over his
shoulder as Emily had been, she moved to her new place of employment.

	As Canjac had promised, one he had her there, he removed the blindfold.

	"This is your world for the next thirty days."

	Michelle looked down at the floor. She stood in the center of a yellow
box painted on the wood. The box was square, each side being about a meter and a
half long. On the sides were small metal rings that rose above the floor in a
half circle.

	"Turn around so I can get you secured in position."

	When she turned, the young woman saw there was a mirror on the wall
before her. It was not a large mirror, only half a mirror wide and less than
half that high.

	 Canjac signaled one of the men to lower a chain from the ceiling. He
locked the end to the ring on the bottom of the single glove. He attached the
end to the ring on top the ballgag harness. The other end locked to the chain to
her single glove.

	"Now, spread your legs apart so you can fit the toe of each shoe through
those rings. Good. Now bend forward until you can see your eyes in the mirror."

	As Michelle changed positions, the single glove caused her to pull
forward on the chain. She  felt the chains drawing her head back so she had no
choice but to stare straight ahead. She heard a "clunk" sound on both sides.

	"Good. Now try to straighten up."

	The buxom brunette tried to raise her bottom, but to do so, she had to
pull her arms down. The chain connected to the single glove kept her from doing
that. She had to remain bent over.

	"Well, that didn't work. Try to pull your feet out."

	Michelle tried to draw her right foot back to pull it from the ring, but
after it moved only a centimeter, she felt pressure on both the top and bottom.

	"Terrible, isn't it." Canjac moved forward to her left so he could
fondle her left titties with his left hand. "You offer your body to a man, and
you can't leave that position until he releases you."

	The buxom captive heard the others moving forward. Hands grabbed her
right tittie also and probed her pussy. She was being aroused by this constant
attention.

	Suddenly she felt the tension on her arms ease. She straightened up. At
the same time she heard a sound on the floor. She pulled her feet from the rings
and put her legs together.

	"Okay. Now let's practice what you have to do. Turn around. Good girl.
Now a man comes through that door on the left. What do you do?"

	Michelle turned around. Looking down at the floor, she moved her feet as
far apart as the rings. Slowly she moved them forward half a centimeter at a
time until they were through the rings. Only then did she bend over, causing the
chain to lock her in that most revealing position.

	Canjac moved to Michelle's left so her bottom and left tit were within
reach. He coupled the dangling tit with her left hand. His right fondled her
bare bottomcheeks.

	"Do you think you know what to do? Grunt twice if you do."

	"Mft. Mft."

	"Good."

	With his right hand he motioned for the man to pull the lever. The naked
beauty straightened up. The restraints disappeared into the floor with a
"clunk." Michelle turned around.

	"Okay, I think I'll take you out for a test drive. Assume the position."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 43

	It was not the first time Michelle had an orgasm while tied up, but it
certainly was the first time she had an orgasm with a ballgag stuffed in her
mouth and an audience watching. While she could have done without the gag, the
audience was an interesting twist to the norm.

	When Canjac had finished, he signaled one of his men who pulled a lever
part way down the corridor. The tension on the chain eased, allowing the buxom
brunette to straighten up. At the same time the restraints holding her feet in
place snapped back into the floor.

	"Turn around so you face us."

	Michelle shuffled about so she faced him.

	"Anybody else want to use her?"

	"I do."

	It was Rolfo, the man she had met with the day before. She suspected
from the beginning that it was his goal to use her. Until Canjac made his
promises, she had not completely believed the man. She thought he only wanted to
get in her panties.

	Shuffling her feet about she turned about again. Then looking down, she
spread her legs to put her feet through the rings. As she bent forward, the
tension on the chain caused the restraints to snap in place. With her head back
so she could see her face in the mirror, she waited.

	The luscious brunette came even faster this time. Michelle thought she
might even have a second (or would it be a third?) but the man did not have the
stamina to satisfy her. She hoped some of the others would want to use her.

	The chain was released. She straightened up and turned around.

	"Anyone else?"

	Of course they all wanted a turn at her body. The whole procedure was to
get her used to offering her body to men, and having them take advantage of it.
By the time the last man finished with her, she was quite used to bending over
with her legs spread.

	"That chain will work as a tethering chain," Canjac informed her once
they had finished with her. "You cannot move outside the square. The chain
simply isn't long enough for you to move beyond the edge of the square. In an
hour or so someone will come along and give you something to drink. Feeding and
potty time will come later."

	"Since this is your world," he said as he gestured toward the square
painted on the floor, "You have no need to see what is going on outside the
square. When we take you elsewhere, we will carry you and you will be wearing
this." He held up the leather blindfold Michelle had worn when he carried her to
this place.

	Canjac caressed the brunette's nipples as he spoke. They were still
erect from her frequent orgasms. Michelle did not object. She wanted him to
continue. Being bound and gagged, the decision whether he would continue or stop
was not hers.

	"Remember the rules: we can only use your pussy. If you get down on your
knees, it means you want to include your mouth in the bargain. Remain on you
feet and we will honor the bargain we made. If you get down on your knees, it
means you want to change the deal."

	Canjac started to turn away but paused.

	"Before you think you can cheat and sit down on your fanny, I should
tell you that the chain is too short for you to sit. Your fanny won't reach the
floor because of the length of the chain. You either stand or kneel, there are
no other options."

	Michelle had rather enjoyed herself. Okay, it was uncomfortable being
bound in that position but the many orgasms made up for it.

	Her mouth was another matter. Not that she had not sucked her
boyfriends' cocks, but this was her mouth and as long as she kept the ballgag in
her mouth, it was her property.

	For the next half hour Michelle stood in the corridor. No one came by,
no one watched her. She was a sexy, naked, helpless body that everyone ignored.

	After the interval of time Canjac had specified, the door on her left
opened. The man who emerged in view was one of those who had used her before. 
Knowing this was a test, she quickly turned about, inserted her feet in the
rings and bent over. Her eyes rested on her reflection in the mirror as she felt
the restraints snap into place about the high heeled sandals.

	The man moved slowly to insure Michelle had time to finish. Once beyond
her, he pulled the lever that released the tension on the chain so she could
straighten up.

	The buxom beauty paced about the square. She had not realized how
uncomfortable it was wearing shoes with fifteen centimeter stiletto heels.
Putting all her weight on her right foot, she bent her left back until the heel
touched the single glove. She repeated the process with her left foot.

	"I wonder how much longer until I get something to eat?" she thought as
she paced around in a small circle. She tested the limits of her freedom every
minute or two. What Canjac had said was true. She could not move beyond the edge
of the square.

	Glancing to her right and left, she checked to insure no one was
watching. Standing on her left leg and bending that knee a little, she extended
her right foot at far as she could. The toe of the sandal extended five or six
centimeters beyond the line.

	The next man came by half an hour after the first, pausing for a minute
to fondle her dangling titties. Michelle felt herself being aroused but the man
did not avail himself of her exposed pussy.

	She grunted her displeasure as he walked off.

	The pain began in the arches and slowly worked its way up her calves.

	When it came time to water her, the man inserted a plug in the hole in
the ballgag while holding the bottle over Michelle's head. He pushed her head
back so the cool water would slide down her throat without choking her. She was
not allowed to sit or kneel during the watering process.

	The next man through did little more than glance in the brunette's
direction. He waited impatiently at the lever while she finished getting into
position. As soon as she was locked into position, he pulled down and hurried
off.

	The pain worked its way up her calves to her knees.

	Michelle had already made up her mind long before the next man appeared.
As soon as he appeared in sight, she fell to her knees.

	"Hungry for something to eat, huh?"

	She enjoyed doing the blowjob. It was not the act she enjoyed, but
rather the fact her weight was off her feet. She tried to pull her mouth off
when she felt him start to come, but he had both hands on the back of her head
to keep it where he wanted it.

	"Swallow it. Good girl. Now put it back the way it was when you found
it."

	Michelle had to continue sucking until he became erect again.

	"Keep this in your mouth while I get you a new gag."

	He shoved the rubber ball in her open mouth but did not fasten the
straps.

	It took him only seconds to get a dildo-harness gag. (Canjac knew
Michelle would not be able to remain long on her feet in those heels. The
bondage device was within reach at all times.)

	This gag was similar in construction to the other. Inside of a rubber
ball it had a dildo six centimeters long. The brunette's dark eyes opened wide
as he offered the shaft to her mouth. She did not see how the whole thing could
fit in, but it was not meant to, at least not permanently. Only about half the
dildo was in her mouth. Another harness fastened about her head kept it in
place.

	Word quickly spread throughout the complex that Michelle was on her
knees. Every man, including those who had arrived later, wanted to have a go at
her mouth.

	Shortly after she received the new gag the first man arrived. The
kneeling captive waited for him to remove the gag so she could use her mouth on
him, but that was not his intent.

	"Up into position."

	Michelle moved slowly, discovering that her legs had become stiff from
kneeling. Spreading her legs apart, she inserted the toes of the shoes into the
rings. As she bent forward, the restraints popped up as the chain pulled her
head back.

	While the buxom captive could not straighten up, that did not mean she
was immobile. As the man thrust his hips against her bottom, Michelle's body
rocked forward. As it did, the chain pulled other chains on the harness, drawing
the dildo deeper into her mouth. Each time his cock slid forward into her pussy,
the dildo slid back into her mouth.

	Michelle knew they were training her to enjoy giving blowjobs. She also
knew she did not need much training.

	When he was finished, the man allowed her to straighten up and turn
around.

	"Back on your knees."

	Using her tongue, Michelle cleaned up after herself. When she was done,
she sucked on his cock until it was hard again.

	The dildo-gag harness went back on the captive.

	When it came time for feeding, a man repeated the process with a liquid
lunch. He inserted one end into a hole in the outside end of the dildo. She
sucked on the dildo to get lunch.

	So that was how Michelle's first day as a "guest" went.

	By evening the only difference between and a slave girl was that she did
not wear a collar. She kept reminding herself that she had to undergo this for
only 30 days before they would release. She had to wonder though just what she
would do when they let her go.

	Would she hunger after every man's cock?

	What if she fell to her knees at a guy's approach?

	What if she found herself being aroused merely by being tied up?

	At potty time they removed the chain, but applied another blindfold.
Slung over a man's shoulder, the buxom brunette was carried off to a bathroom.

	Dinner was much the same as lunch.

	After the man left, she found herself still sucking on the dildo in her
mouth. Was it because she was thinking of eating, or because she enjoyed it?
Lowering her head a little so she could see her erect nipples, she knew the
answer.

	Canjac and his men had been busy all day with Nancy so Michelle did not
get much attention. Still, by the time they were ready to put her to bed, she
was accustomed to her bondage and being used as any slave girl.

	Two men came for her late in the day. They removed the chain and the
dildo-gag harness. Into her mouth they inserted another dildo. This was almost
identical to the first except it did not have the harness and the hole through
the center was someone larger.

	Once they had the ends of the strap securely buckled behind her head,
one man added a leather blindfold. In seconds she found herself slung over a
man's shoulder and being carried about.

	"I'll show you where to put her."

	The beautiful captive had no idea where she was or where they were
taking her. She thought they might have some bed, or at least a stall or a cage
for her to get some sleep, but instead they slung her over a padded post. On the
far side there was a board descending at a forty-five-degree angle. Her upper
body and chin rested on it. A pair of straps across her upper and lower back
kept her secured in position.

	Another strap went across her lower back to keep her bottom in position.

	One strap went around each upper thigh to keep her legs spread apart.

	Almost as soon as they put her in this position Michelle fell asleep,
but her training as a slave girl continued during the night. On several
occasions she awoke from her orgasm, realizing through the daze of sleep that
she was being used.

	Michelle's introduction to being a "guest" was well underway. She had no
idea what her fate would be.

	And not even Canjac knew where Michelle's visit would lead.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 44

	The helpless members of D. A. A. M. (Dominant Anti-Amazon Mistresses)
were in route Canjac's compound, still secured in shipping barrels.

	Nancy discovered that point of the female physiology where her body no
longer reacted to stimuli in her nether region. Maybe she had an orgasm, but she
was unsure. Her struggles to escape had resulted in frequent orgasms that left
her exhausted and wanting more.

	It was a short trip up the coast but long before the ship docked, Nancy
had stopped struggling. She knelt there limply as she felt the ship shutter as
it rubbed against the dock. Voices overhead kept her informed of their progress
in securing it to the dock.

	The sun was low on the horizon, casting long shadows everywhere above
deck. Below deck it was dark so the crewmen lit several lanterns so they could
see.

	Nancy and the others were the most valuable cargo the ship had so they
were the first removed. Nancy tried to twist her head about to see what happened
to her right, but could not. She heard the sounds made by the men. She could
guess what went on next to her.

	Then it was her turn. While one man removed the planking about her neck,
another used a chain to drag a pulley toward her. That pulley hung on rollers
mounted on an overheard track. At the end of the chain they attached a canvas
strap. The man who had removed the planking dropped the strap down around the
barrel just below its broadest point. By lowering a metal ring down the chain
and strap, he made the strap snug about the barrel.

	With a wave of his hand, he signaled them to raise Nancy from the lower
part of the hold. Two men pulled on the end of the chain, dragging the barrel in
the air. The man placed his shoulder against it to shove it over the deck. When
the men released their grip on the chain, the bottom of the barrel landed on the
wood deck with a dull thud.

	In seconds Nancy found herself being rolled across the deck to a cargo
net. Several barrels were already there and after they had her in place, there
was room for several more. Once the net was full, a man yelled, "Hoist away!"
The cargo net came up about the barrels, slowly pulling them in the air. Nancy
and the others rose through the open hold, over the side, and onto the dock.

	Nancy's barrel was the third removed from the cargo net. By twisting her
head a little to the left she could see partway down the dock where there were a
number of other ships moored. The only thing she had a good view of was the side
of the ship that had brought her to town.

	When they had all the barrels on the dock, a man moved from barrel to
barrel, checking the information on the manifest against the information Canjac
had posted on the barrel. He wanted to insure they were the correct cargo before
loading them on a wagon. Nancy knew how they were going to move her but she was
still unused to it. When her turn came, they flipped the barrel on its side and
rolled her to the back of the wagon. A heavy plank laying against the bed formed
a ramp two men used to roll her from the dock to the bed of the wagon. There,
another man flipped the barrel upright and slid it against the other barrels in
back.

	In that position, all Nancy could see were the smooth, brown boards
along the side of the wagon. No one outside the wagon could see what it carried.
At the same time, the occupants in the back (whether they were in barrels or
slave sacks) could not see where they were being taken.

	Since it was already twilight, they did not take the cargo directly to
Canjac's compound. A bonded warehouse was just two blocks from the dock.
Importers often used it to store valuable cargo such as Nancy and her friends.

	The wagon halted in the alley outside the entrance. Before a wagon could
enter the warehouse, a guard had to check the papers of the driver. Another
climbed on the side to check inside the wagon. Once they were certain the wagon
was what it appeared to be, a guard signaled someone inside to unlock and open
the doors.

	The driver pulled the team to a halt before a large wire cage. It was
almost quitting time so the men worked quickly, sliding the barrels to the back
of the wagon and rolling them down the plank. From there they put the barrels in
the cage. Each captive faced forward, aligned in four even rows.

	The head guard closed and locked the gate after the last man exited. A
padlock provided protection for the contents. A wax seal insured that no one
tampered with the valuable contents.

	That was how all the captives spent the night. Most were so exhausted
they fell asleep quickly. Nancy tried to remain awake in hope of finding some
means of escape but shortly, she was sound asleep with the others.

	Every fifteen minutes, the nightwatchman walked past. He held the
lantern up to count the barrels. Satisfied all were there, he continued his
rounds.

	Nancy awoke in the morning as they rolled her barrel from the cage. By
then, the first wagon was already moving toward the doors. They manhandled Nancy
up to the bed of the second wagon. She saw nothing but heard the sound of them
loading each barrel in back of the wagon. Once they were done, they slid the
tailgate in place. She heard the sounds as they applied two padlocks. Once more
she was safely protected in the back of a wagon.

	The barrels rattled as the wagon rumbled through the town. Nancy guessed
they were taking her to Canjac's place but she had no way of knowing. By keeping
her from seeing what was about her, they insured she would not try to escape,
not knowing which way to run.

	The wagon waited several minutes in the street. (They were unloading the
first wagon.) Nancy felt the wagon tilt a little as the driver got off. A few
minutes later she felt much the same movement as he got back.

	The wagon rolled forward. When it stopped, the tailgate was removed, a
plank was placed against the bed, and the barrels were rolled off.

	They placed the barrels along a wall in the corridor so the occupants
faced a wall. This served the same function as a blindfold. The slave girls had
no need to see what went on about them. Secured in the barrels, they could only
stare straight ahead.

	Canjac arrived from the hallway where he had just secured Michelle. From
behind, the brunettes looked pretty much the same. He had special plans for
Nancy but could not identify her in this condition.

	He would wait until they removed her from her barrel.

	Removing a slave girl from a shipping barrel was quite easy. Take Clare
for example. When it became evident to her that she was the next packaged slave
girl to be processed, she struggled frantically in a futile attempt to escape.
The only result of her effort was her best orgasm yet. She laid her head back
with her eyes closed to wait.

	Standing behind the barrel, a man pulled her long hair away to expose
her left ear. The wax plug slid in easily. With his thumb, he wedged it in
securely. Seconds later he had a wax plug in the other ear.

	Clare could still hear, but the plugs filtered out most sounds. If the
men spoke to one another, she could hear them talking but had trouble making out
the words. She heard no footsteps or any other sounds that suggested they
intended to do more to her.

	The discipline helmet took her completely by surprise. Again she
struggled but there was nothing she could do to stop the man from fastening it
tightly about her head. Standing behind her, he slid it over her head from the
forehead backwards and down. His right hand insured her nose protruded through
the nose hole so she could breathe. He pulled the ends of the leather bondage
device together behind the captive's head.

	The helmet had three straps to keep the flaps pulled together. The first
went about her head at her eyes. With leather covering her head, she could see
nothing. The strap also went over both ears.

	The helmet had a centimeter of padding on each side in the vicinity of
the wearer's ears. The strap pressed the padding snugly against the wearer's
ears so she could hear nothing. Without sight or hearing, she had no idea what
they intended to do to her.

	The second strap went about the captive's head at her mouth. Since she
still had a ballgag wedged in her mouth, he did not pull this strap very tight.
Had she worn a cleave gag or simply had stuffing packed in her mouth, he would
have pulled the strap tightly through the buckle to insure she could utter no
sounds at all. The ballgag already did that. He tightened the strap merely to
keep the helmet neat.

	The final strap encircled Clare's neck to keep the helmet on. Where the
other two straps had buckles to keep the ends together, the lowest strap had a
pair of rings to accommodate a padlock. Though the luscious captive could not
hear (or see) the man locking the strap with the padlock, she knew what he did.

	When the man moved to the next helpless captive, Clare could neither see
nor hear anything. He had secured the discipline helmet about her head so she
could not get it off even if her hands were free.

	The only part of her head that was exposed was her nose. It protruded
through a triangular slit in the front of the helmet. (Clare knew her nose was
exposed so she could breathe. If she disobeyed, she could count on someone
inserted a plug up each nostril to cut off her air. A few seconds of not being
able to breathe would cause any slave girl to be submissive. Clare had no
thoughts of disobeying. She decided that if she was a good little girl, they
would remove the discipline helmet.)

	The group of men removing captives from the barrels was several minutes
behind the man putting discipline helmets on the captives. The delay was
intentional. They wanted the captive to have time to know just how helpless she
was.

	Not that she was in any position to do anything, but Clare remained
quite passive as they removed her from the barrel.

	They used a pry to pop the metal band off. With it gone, the staves
moved outwards a centimeter or so. This was enough for them to pull the end
boards off. Once the pieces were removed, they looped a strap under the
captive's arms. A chain run through an overhead pulley was used to draw her out.

	Naturally Clare could not stand on her own after having been locked up
in that barrel for many hours. They used the chain to keep her on her feet.
Others took over to force her to try to walk. Her legs moved as though she was
walking, but her weight was borne by the chain and strap.

	The first order of business was to clean the captive up and dress her.
The outfit was pretty much what you would expect a slave girl to wear � pink
patent leather high heeled sandals, sheer black stockings, pink and white satin
garter belts, flared, pink satin miniskirts, and matching pink satin halter
tops.

	While moving from one stage to the next, the men had little need to
watch Clare. She stood waiting while they prepared the next step in her
enslavement. She was too exhausted to move, but even if she could, she could not
see where to run. The only reason to watch her at all was to insure she did not
stumble around blindly and hurt herself.

	Feeding and watering the captives were next on the agenda after they
were cleaned and dressed. The food was a liquid mixture that would replenish
bodily fluids while providing energy to perform for the next twenty-four hours.
(Of course all the captives were tired. One key was to get them to submit before
they had rested. By the time they realized what they had done, they would be so
used to using their bodies to satisfy men that it would make no difference what
they thought.)

	The feeding tube was, naturally enough, a long, large dildo. After
forcing Clare to her knees they removed the discipline helmet, the ear plugs and
the ballgag. She made no effort to resist as they forced her mouth on the shaft.

	"Suck on it."

	The beautiful captive saw the tubes running to the dildo so she knew
what it was for. She sucked as hard as she could on it, but nothing came from
the hole.

	While she had tried to get the liquid out that way, they had run a short
metal rod between her collar and a trigger below the dildo.

	"Suck on it as though you mean it!"

	A man placed a hand on the back of her head. With little pressure, he
pushed her head forward so the hard rubber shaft slid into her mouth. As her
head moved forward, the rod moved forward too, pressing the trigger.

	A stream of liquid spurted from the hole in the dildo. Since the shaft
was deep in her mouth at the time, the liquid shot into the back of her mouth
where it slid down her throat.

	Clare, along with many of the others, sobbed as she jerked her head
forward and back. She wanted the liquid food even if she could not taste it. She
realized they were training her to be sexually submissive. She received oral
gratification from that shaft in her mouth. She would soon associate pleasant
thoughts with having a penis in her mouth.

	It was not until they were feeding the line of slave girls that Canjac
identified Nancy. He whispered a few instructions to one of men. They attached a
tag on the back of her collar so they knew which she was. Canjac had special
plans for her.

	While they treated Nancy much as they had Clare and the others, they
dressed her differently (though she did not know that yet). While the others had
traditional slave girl outfits that hid little and emphasized the physical
attributes of the wearer, they dressed Nancy in only high-heeled sandals. Canjac
oversaw the handling of Nancy to insure she was dressed as he wanted. The others
would submit quickly. He had planned Nancy's submission days before, even before
he went to the seaside village to set up this whole plot. She might want to
submit that day, but he was not going to allow her the pleasure of submission,
not yet. By the time he would allow her to serve as a slave girl, she would
enjoy it.

 	When each captive had swallowed her allotment of food, they placed a
leather blindfold over her eyes before pulling her mouth off the dildo. Half a
second after the shaft was removed, they stuffed a ballgag in her mouth. The
captives had nothing worthwhile saying anyway.

	They let each slave girl have another potty break. When she was done,
they led each to a corridor where the men tethered them to rings on the walls.
With the blindfolds and gags still in place, each captive stood with her legs
spread wide to await her masters' pleasure. If she did not stand with her legs
spread, a few taps on the inside of the knee with a switch was enough to get
each to stand in the desired position.

	Nancy would be the last to learn her fate, but she would have a special
vantage point from which to watch what happened to the others. Canjac would
tease her with their fate. By the time it was her turn, she would be ready to
submit, but he would not allow her.

	He signaled a man to bring her along.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 45


	They led Nancy to a large discipline room almost at the end of the hall.
In it were pillories, racks and a host of other discipline devices that were
sure to make any captive's blood run cold. Of course Canjac did not use them on
the slave girls (unless they begged for it). The mere presence of a device
capable of inflicting great discomfort was sufficient to make the most
recalcitrant slave girl submissive. He selected this particular room because he
needed a lot of room in which to work. This was the fourth largest group he had
ever taken at one time. (Of course, he concentrated on quality, not quantity.)

	Along the wall at the far side of the room were three poles running from
the floor to the ceiling. Each was fifteen centimeters in diameter. Canjac
indicated with a wave of his man which they were to use.

	Two men pushed Nancy against the pole on the far left. One man held her
by the shoulders while the other removed the handcuffs. The buxom beauty made no
effort to resist once her hands were free. The man behind her pulled Nancy's
hands over her head and behind the pole. He crossed then at the wrists and held
them together against the pole.

	The other man stepped around behind the captive with a rope. With
Nancy's hands pressed against the pole he had no trouble looping the rope about
her crossed wrists. A simple square knot insured she was helpless. He then
thrust the ends of the rope through a ring high on the pole. He tied the ends
together so far above the captive beauty's hands that she could not reach them.

	The first man pulled Nancy's right foot up so her leg was bent at a
right angle. After tying a rope to her ankle, he passed the working end between
the captive's arms and the pole. On the other side a man pulled all the slack
from the rope before bending the brunette's left leg up in the same position as
her right. When he tied the end to her left ankle, her legs remained off the
floor, her weight resting on her bound arms. No matter how much she struggled,
Nancy could not get free. If she did get loose, she would fall to the floor.

	When Canjac removed the blindfold, Nancy blinked several times as the
light struck her eyes.

	"I have a special fate for you," Canjac said as he stroked the nipple of
Nancy's left tittie. "First things first though. You get to watch what happens
to your friends. By the time we are finished with them, I think you will be
agreeable to anything I say."

	Sounds from the doorway distracted him for a few seconds though his hand
never stopped stroking that sensitive part of the captive's body.

	The first slave girl was led in. She made no effort to resist as they
had her lay on the floor, her feet toward the wall, her head toward the center
of the room. A spreader bar between her ankles kept her legs apart.

	The men attached a chain to a ring on the center of the bar. The chain
ran through an overhead pulley. By turning a crank on the wall they shortened
the chain, slowly drawing the young woman's legs into the air.

	As her legs rose in the air, the short skirt fell down, exposing her
pussy. When they had her suspended so her pussy was at eye-level, they locked
the chain. They removed the blindfold from the captive. As with Nancy, Canjac
wanted her to see what happened.

	

	"Well, to be truthful, some of them are not your friends. I know you had
several Amazons as slave girls. They looked the same in barrels as the members
of D. A. A. M. so I decided to treat them all the same. It will be interesting
to see if the Amazons or the anti-Amazons submit faster."

	Canjac looked away as a second slave girl was brought in. In a couple of
minutes they had her suspended next to the first. The men moved back to the
doorway. Time was limited and there were many captives waiting to be processed
in the hallway.

	"When we are finished with them, it will be your turn."

	He removed his hands from her bosom, but took the left nipple between
his lips. The little murmurs she made told him she was becoming aroused.

	"I will have these girls to play with whenever I want." He playfully
slapped the left tittie. "And I am sure you will be glad when I do."

	Canjac looked around. The "How" of forcing the captives to want to be
slave girls had been worked out before. The minor details needed attention.

	"We need a big chair," he said, gesturing with his arms out.

	Some of his men found a large, comfortable chair in another room. They
dragged it past the third captive as two men hauled her legs in the air. Canjac
sat watching as they led the fourth captive in. By the time they had her
suspended upside down, all his men were present. Everyone wanted to be part of
the festivities.

	With a wave of his hand, he signaled them to begin.

	They lowered the first girl. She had hung upside down for half an hour.
With a man holding each arm, she moved toward her future master. Several times
her knees started to give way. They pulled her over in front of Canjac where
they forced her to her knees.

	"I want you to offer your body to me as a slave girl."

	The captive stared back at him, knowing what he wanted her to do. (Yes,
she had a name but that no longer mattered.) Slowly she shook her head, acting
as though she had a choice.

	Canjac let a smile wander across his lips. He anticipated some
resistance at first.

	"I was hoping you would say 'no.' You will make a positive contribution
to today's festivities by showing the others what will happened if they refuse."

	"I'll give you another chance after I have dealt with some of the
others. In the meantime, you hang upside down with your legs spread as you just
were. Only this time with a discipline helmet."

	He smiled at her.

	"And maybe a special plug."

	With a wave of his hand he motioned the two men to drag the captive
away. She tried to resist as they grabbed her by the upper arms. With her hands
cuffed behind her back, she could do nothing to stop them. Though she was
upright, she did not walk. Her feet slid across the floor as the two dragged her
to the other end of the room.

	They pushed down to her knees. One man stood before the beautiful
captive with his hands on her shoulders. He kept her in that position while the
other man wrapped a discipline helmet about her head.

	Once they had it strapped tight, they pushed her facedown on the floor.
She tried to keep them from putting the spreader bar between her ankles. One man
held her left foot in the air so the leg was bent at the knee. Quickly the
second man fastened the leather strap about her lower calve at the ankle. As
easily as they did that with her left leg they fastened the other end of the bar
to the right leg.

	

	A third man lowered a chain from the ceiling so when they were finished
with the spreader bar, the end of the chain was at the proper height. They
slipped the hook through the ring in the center. As the man shortened the chain,
the captive's legs rose in the air.

	In a matter of minutes she was in the same position she had been, only
this time she wore a discipline helmet so she could neither see nor hear what
went on.

	Canjac had promised something extra in this position. They pressed an
oversized dildo into her pussy, working it back and forth to get it to slide all
the way in. The helpless captive's body writhed in embarrassment and ecstasy as
they pushed it in. When they stopped pressing it, she hung limply in her
bondage.

	As these men worked for the first captive, two others prepared the
second. As they pulled her toward Canjac, her head was turned toward the first
girl. She did not look at him until they forced her to her knees.

	"Are you going to show me what you have to offer?"	

	The captive looked to her left but her long tresses kept her from seeing
anything. Looking back at Canjac, she slowly nodded.

	"Crawl forward."

	Canjac leaned forward so to reach the upper edge of the halter top. He
pulled down until her nipples popped out. Holding one cone between the thumb and
index finger of each hand,  he rolled them around until they became hard and
pointed.

	"Isn't that better than being strung up?"

	The slave girl nodded.

	"Are you ready to offer me what you have?"

	The captive nodded again.

	"Go ahead and offer it."

	As his hands pulled away, she started to rise. She had her body only a
few centimeters in the air when she started to fall. The men grabbed her to pull
her upright. (She was too valuable an object to allow her to hurt herself.) She
started to turn, then thought better of it. First, she executed a clumsy curtsy,
then turned away from him. Spreading her legs as far apart as her shoulders, she
bent forward. The short hem of the miniskirt rose in the air to reveal her
pussy.

	A well-trained slave girl would have stared straight ahead, but this
slave girl twisted her head around to see if what she did pleased Canjac.

	He fondled her bare bottom with both hands.

	"Just think that your entire life until this point has been wasted.
You've achieved your destiny wearing a collar and assuming this position."

	"Turn around and come here."

	She knew what that meant. She was to receive the traditional first
spanking at the hands of her master to make her aware that he decided whether
she would be punished or not. She made no effort to resist as he laid her across
his lap. His left hand pulled back the short skirt to reveal her bare
bottomcheeks.

	Slap! Slap!

	"Did that hurt very much?"

	The captive looked back at him. Slowly she shook her head. She knew the
harder punishment would come next. That was what she would do if she had a slave
girl across her lap.

	

	"That certainly was far less a punishment than being strung up by your
feet with your legs spread, is it?"

	She nodded, slowly realizing that he did not intend to beat her into
submission.

	With a wave of his hand he signaled some of his men to lead her across
the room.

	At the far end of the room (opposite Canjac), they had her stand with
her legs spread. One man unlocked her handcuffs but he and another man
immediately pulled her arms toward the wall. She stared at her hands as they
attached leather cuffs to her wrists. Short chains connected them to rings on
the wall, forcing her to stand with her weight resting on her hands. She could
have altered her position by moving her legs, but she knew they would only
punish her if she did that.

	She had submitted. Now they had to insure she enjoyed it. One man pulled
her bra toward her waist, exposing her titties. His left hand fondled them, his
right explored her crotch.

	The slave girl closed her eyes, her head back. No, this certainly was
much better than being punished.

	The signal to take her away was also the signal for them to lower the
next girl. She had seen what had happened. There was no doubt in her mind what
she would do. She did not want to kneel before her master. She wanted to turn to
offer her pussy to him as soon as she was in front of him. The men had to force
her to her knees so she could start the ritual from the beginning.

	In minutes, she stood next to the first girl, bent over, legs spread,
pussy offered to anyone who wanted it. Though the room was the largest Canjac
had, it was not enough to fit all the men and slave girls at the same time. At a
certain point the wall became filled with naked, submissive slave girls offering
their bodies to anyone who wanted them. When that happened, they removed the
slave girl who had been there the longest time. They dressed her in her "work"
clothes and showed her what was expected of her.

	After the second woman had submitted, Canjac bounded to his feet to
inspect the woman hanging by her heels. She hung limply until her fondled her
large bosom. She began to writhe about.

	"A few more minutes and I think she will be ready."

	Two more slave girls submitted before he was ready to give the first
another opportunity.

	Once they had the discipline helmet off, they dragged her across the
room. She did not even dare to hold her head up in her master's presence. She
kept her face to the floor. She knelt with her knees wide apart, the traditional
position of a slave girl offering her body to her master.

	Canjac extended a foot. Using the toe of the boot, he pulled her face
up.

	By the look in her eyes she knew she would do anything to avoid another
session like that.

	"Have you been a bad little slave girl?"

	Slowly she nodded.

	"Don't bad little slave girls deserve to be punished?"

	Again a nod, but not much of one.

	Canjac's nod was hardly noticeable, but it was sufficient to cause one
of his men to slide a wooden paddle across the floor. It stopped a meter to the
left of the slave girl.

	Attracted by the sound, she looked in that direction. When she saw what
it was, she jerked her head around to plead with her eyes for her master to
spare her.

	"I would say about a dozen with a paddle are in order. Don't you agree?"

	She did not answer but continued to stare at him.

	"Don't you agree?" this time a little louder and more forceful.

	

	She nodded a little, hoping he would take it for an answer and at the
same time would not notice she agreed to be punished.

	"On your feet! Assume the position, facing the wall in that direction."

	They had to help her up and turn her toward the right. She almost
fainted when they let go. The men grabbed her to keep her from hitting the
floor. Once they had her upright again, they let go.

	Slowly she bent forward, sticking her bottom out.

	Canjac picked up the paddle as he circled her. Once he had made a
complete circuit, he placed the paddle against her exposed, bare bottom. He let
it slip forward and back against the soft flesh.

	She sobbed through the gag as she waited for the blow to fall.

	He fondled her left tittie with his left hand.

	"Doesn't that feel better?"

	She grunted through the gag.

	"Don't you want to be a good little slave girl?"

	There was no doubt her grunt was affirmative.

	"Would you be willing to do anything to keep from being paddled?"

	No doubt a rhetorical question. The captive nodded. She started to look
back at Canjac but thought better of it.

	"Come over here and kneel at my feet."

	By the time she had turned, he had resumed his place in the chair. As
she sat, one of his men tossed him a dildo gag which he held up for her to see.

	"Do you know what this is?"

	Her head moved up and down, his eyes riveted on the hard rubber shaft in
his hand.

	"You can avoid a spanking if you earn your dildo gag. Either you earn it
before you leave this room, or you get bound over a spanking bar so we can make
use of your other end."

	He put the dildo gag on his lap to free both hands. He pushed her head
down toward the floor so he could see the buckle of the strap holding the
ballgag in her mouth.

	"Beg for permission."

	"Please, master, please let me earn my dildo gag."

	The entire time she had his shaft in her mouth, she looked up at him,
hoping he would give her some sign of approval.

	He wedged the ballgag back into her mouth when she was done, but did not
fasten the strap.

	"Now I want you to run to the next man over there. Work your way around
the room until we tell you to stop."

	Needless to say, the captive stood up against the wall with a dildo gag
in her mouth long before the last captive was brought into the room.

	Twenty-eight women had arrived in barrels that morning. Twenty-seven of
them were paraded in front of Canjac. Twenty-seven of them offered their bodies
to him.

	That left only Nancy.

	Canjac returned to the beautiful captive so he could fondle her bare
titties again.

	"That all went quite well, don't you think? I thought maybe a few at the
beginning might resist but once they started offering me their pussies, it
seemed they could not stop."

	His left hand went to her face. He gently rubbed the back of her hand on
her cheek.

	

	"I have a special treat for you, one I normally reserve for Amazons. It
will take longer getting you to submit, but I'm certain that when you do, all
these women will appear frigid compared to you."

	He smiled before turning his head to the right.

	"Let's get Nancy ready. Somebody bring me a nipple nipper."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 46


	Having her legs pulled up behind the pole forced Nancy to arch her back.
The man easily slipped the leather strap between her body and the pole. Fumbling
around behind her, he found the dangling end with his left hand. Jerking the
strap up with both hands, he raised it until it was level with Nancy's bosom.

	One end of the strap was permanently attached to the nipple nipper. The
working end had a series of holes so it could be fastened to the buckle on the
other end.

	He adjusted the device on Nancy s body, moving one end a millimeter or
two in the air before lowering the other side a similar distance.

	The basis of the nipper was a pair of boards that served as a pillory to
surround the captive s bosom. Once he had it in place so one ample mound
protruded through each wooden circle, he stuck the end of the strap through the
buckle. A jerk on the end pulled the device tightly against her body. The buckle
automatically held the strap taut.

	With a wave of his hand, he told Canjac it was ready to go.

	One board passed above the captive s breasts, the other below. A large
screw on each end held the two pieces together but initially the lower edge of
one piece and the upper edge of the other were about four centimeters apart. The
screws extended through the upper board where they ended in black, wooden
handles.

	Canjac turned the knobs on top. With each twist the lower board rose a
little. When the edges of the boards met, Nancy s large bosoms were squeezed
through a pair of holes in the wood that appeared to be smaller than the
diameter of her titties.

	The wooden part of the device was nothing more than a holder of the
nipple nipper. Canjac attached the metal devices to the wood front, one set of
metal shafts and semi-cones over each tit. Carefully he adjusted the placement
before threading a chain through a hole in the top. A light chain ran from each
metal apparatus to a ring at the end of the chain.

	When all was ready, Canjac looked Nancy in the eyes, smiled, and pulled
the ring on top the device. The chain made a rasping sound as it moved through
the wood. Racket wheels turned, drawing two pairs of semi-cone closer together
on each nipple.

	Twice more he pulled, drawing the semi-cones ever tighter about that
sensitive part of her body.

	"Mmmrnmfffffttttt!"

	Nancy twisted her body back and forth in a vain attempt to stop him.

	He pulled the ring again.

	"See, Nancy, nothing you do can stop that metal from coining together.
The decision of just how tight it will be is totally up to me. If you are a good
little slave girl and do everything I saw, maybe I will stop. But if you
disobey..."

	He finished the sentence by pulling the ring again.

	Nancy looked down. She saw her large tithes protruding through the holes
in the wood. Metal surrounded her nipples.

	And she felt the pressure of metal on them. Each time he pulled the ring
the pressure grew a little more. It did not hurt but she was certain that one
more tug on that ring would crush them.

	Raising her face toward her master, she pleaded with her eyes for him to
stop.

	Now, you may be wondering: If Canjac won't paddle a slave girl s fanny,
why would he crush another s nipples?

	The answer is simple.

	The nipple nipper does not work.

	The movement of the semi-cones is governed by racket wheels on each
side. The teeth of the wheels decreased in size. Thus, after the first two or
three times, the semi-cones close a little less than they did the time before.

	Of course the captive did not know that. She felt the wood pressing
against her bosom. She felt the cold metal on her nipples. She felt the increase
of pressure on them when he pulled the ring.

	If he wanted to hurt her, it would be much more efficient and timesaving
to put pliers on each nipple and squeeze as hard as he could. The intent was not
to inflict pain. The intent was to get her to obey.

	"Will you be a good little slave girl?"

	Nancy nodded with real enthusiasm.

	"We will give you the chance to prove it. When we let you down, I want
you on your knees, your face against your thighs with your hands behind your
back. Understand?"

	Nancy nodded again.

	They freed the beautiful brunette from her bondage in the opposite order
they used to secure her to the pole. First they freed her legs.

	"Help her," Canjac ordered when he saw how limply her legs hung.

	When a man cut the rope holding her arms over her head, Nancy collapsed
toward the floor, but the men held her so she went into the desired position.
She raised her arms behind her back. She did not press her chest against her
thighs became of the nipple nipper. Putting pressure on the apparatus about her
tits might pinch her nipples. To get her face down, she raised her fanny in the
air.

	In seconds they had her hands secured behind her back with handcuffs.

	"Raise you head, My Dear."

	When she did that, he attached the end of a leash to her collar.

	"Now on your feet."

	Nancy needled help doing that. Canjac led her back and forth about the
room several times to get the circulation flowing in her legs. She almost fell
over the first couple of times she turned.

	When he headed for the door, she followed. The first stop was his office
to check his mail. Once inside the door he attached the leash to a ring on the
door. She waited until he was ready to proceed. Bound as she was, there was
nothing else she could do.

	Canjac next led his beautiful captive to the receiving area where she
had arrived hours before. This was her first opportunity to see everything
inside the building, but she walked with her head bowed.

	Canjac positioned the captive under some chains dangling from the
ceiling. He locked the end of the chains to rings on the sides of her collar. He
could remove the leash knowing she could not move more than half a meter in any
direction.

	He smiled at her as he stuck a finger through the ring of the nipple
nipper.

	"Remember what happens if you resist."

	Nancy s eyes shot back and forth between the nipple nipper and Canjac s
face.

	While he stalled, his men brought in half a dozen French Maid slave
girls. They knew in a row to one side. Even with the manacles removed they kept
their hands behind their backs. They needed no instructions. Once they heard the
order "Go!" they leaped to their feet to process Nancy.

	First they fastened a leather blindfold over her eyes. When she learned
what fate Canjac had in store for her, the nipple nipper might not be sufficient
deterrent to cause her to behave. Her master wanted her rebound before she knew
the manner in which he intended to force her to submit.

	The first item for Nancy was a pair of bright crimson latex panties.
These were quite small and somewhat delicate so it took two French Maids to get
them on her. They had to work carefully to keep from damaging the item.

	The panties were briefs, but that did not do a fair description of them.
In front, a triangular hole allowed anyone to see her pubic hair. A similar pair
of holes in back allowed the roundest part of her fanny to stick out. The
pristine whiteness of her bottomcheeks provided a startling contrast with the
deep hue of the panties. The tight panties forced her bottomcheeks to bulge
through the holes.

	The next item was a black leather corset. One French Maid held it in
place while another laced it up the front.

	Two more worked on the captive s arms. A leather fingerless glove was
laced over each, from the fingertips to the upper arm. The lacings had to be
loosened for the gloves to come off, and without the use of her fingers, there
was no way the wear could do it.

	They pulled her arms behind her back. A leather cuff about each wrist
was linked to the corset by a short chain. While she could move her arms about a
little, she had no means of freeing herself, or using her hands or arms to
protect her body.

	"We are going to give you a different gag. If you behave while they are
changing it, I will remove the nipple nipper."

	Nancy did not utter a peep when they pulled the ballgag from her mouth.

	The new gag was a bit gag with a harness. Nancy explored it with her
tongue. The gag was no more than a centimeter in diameter. She quickly concluded
that wearing it was much more comfortable than having that rubber ball rammed
into her mouth.

	Once they had the leather strap buckled behind her head, one French Maid
looked at Canjac for permission to continue. He ordered her to remove the
blindfold with a wave of her hand.

	Nancy blinked several times as her eyes became used to the light.

	The French Maids were still at work fastening more straps about the
captive's head. This was no mere bitgag, it was a harness bitgag.

	Nancy glanced to one side, then the other but could see nothing because
of protruding leather pieces. Several straps went about her head, some held the
bitgag in her mouth. Others held time blinders in place. A chin strap kept her
from opening her mouth.

	One French Maid bunched Nancy s long hair together with both hands.
Another threaded it through a small loop of leather at the back of the harness.

	"Why are they forming my hair into a ponytail?" the luscious captive
wondered. "Having long, flowing hair is much more beautiful on a slave girl.
There isn't much point to a ponytail unless..."

	"Nnnnnnnnggggghhhhh!!!"

	Canjac grabbed the wood of the nipple nipper with his left hand. His
right pulled the ring on top. Nancy stopped struggling as soon as she felt the
metal tighten about her nipples.

	She turned her head to the right to plead with him to stop.

	"So far you have been pretty good, almost obedient. Then this. I won't
tolerate miscreant behavior from slave girls. I want you down on your knees. As
a punishment for that little episode, I am going to hold on to the ring. When
you kneel, you will cause me to pull those blades even tighter on your nipples.
One more pull will be your punishment. I think you will regret it if you force
me to tighten the nipper any more than that."

	Nancy tried to use her eyes to get him to change his mind. (She knew
better than to make any more unintelligible groans through the bitgag.) He
stared back and the beautiful slave girl knew she had to obey. She had no choice
and knew it.

	She lowered her eyes to the floor. It was a long way down to the floor.
She was certain the blades would crush her nipples before her knees touched the
floor. If only she had not reacted when she realized what he intended to do to
her...

	"I am going to count to three, then I will pull the ring. At four I will
pull it a second time, so on and so forth. One. Two."

	Nancy did not even notice the pain in her knees when they landed on the
hard floor. She put her head back in reaction to the pain in her nipples but
uttered no sounds that would cause her further punishment.

	"It does not hurt that much. Maybe he was right. I could take one
without it hurting a lot," she thought to herself. "But the next one...."

	Canjac had moved out of sight to her right to get out of the way so the
French Maids could finish their job.

	The leather held the ponytail in place, but they fastened to it a large,
white, satin ribbon bow.

	Canjac moved back in front of her to inspect the work his slave girls
had done. Nancy s face was level with his crotch. She wished that gag was not in
her mouth. She was certain she could use her mouth to convince him not to do
this to her.

	"On your feet, Slave Girl."

	The French Maids helped her rise. She stared straight ahead as they
fastened the belled cuffs to her ankles. Not only would be she publicly
embarrassed by what he was about to do to her, the ringing bells would draw
attention to her.

	"As I see it, Slave Girl Nancy, the principal difference between me as a
master and you as a mistress, or at least a former mistress, is that of
submission technique. You think if you bend a woman over a spanking bar and
pound her ass until she submits, she will want to be a slave girl. Then, as long
as you have a switch or paddle handy, you can count on her undying loyalty."

	Canjac reached for the nipple nipper. She was afraid he was going to
tighten it further, even though she had done nothing wrong. Instead, lie started
loosening the device in preparation of removing it completely.

	"I have the total loyalty of my slave girls because I treat them for
what they are - beautiful, sexy women. For them to use their bodies to please
men is the reward for being good little slave girls."

	He removed the wooden part, handing the device to someone out of her
line of sight. His hands went to her nipples to fondle them. Nancy was afraid
that action would hurt but it did not.

	"I am going to teach you to appreciate being a slave girl. You are
beautiful. You are sexy."

	Canjac stepped back as he smiled at her.

	"I think a few weeks of not being treated as a beautiful woman will
teach you to appreciate being a slave girl."

	He looked over her right shoulder where some of his men were preparing
for the next step in Nancy's submission.

	"Harness her up."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 47


	Nancy came to her feet when Canjac gave the order. With her hands
secured to her corset in back, she had trouble maintaining her balance. Her
master grabbed her by the upper arm to keep her from falling over. She had just
learned her first lesson about how much she had to depend on her master for the
simplest of task.

	Motion over her head drew her gaze up. The bar descended before her,
coming to a halt at waist-level. A French maid pushed the bar back so it touched
the corset at her waist. On each side of the corset near her hip bones were
small metal rings.  Two padlocks, one on the right and the other on the left,
kept  the sulky fastened in place.

	The French Maid trotted to Canjac. Kneeling before her master, she
offered him the keys, hoping that he would reward her submissive behavior.
Already Nancy envied her. After tucking the keys in a pocket, he secured the
slave girl's hands behind her back with handcuffs. She curried across the room
to be tethered until needed again.

	Nancy watched her run, wishing she could join her.

	Her training as a slave girl had only begun. Only when she learned the
true meaning of submission would he allow her the honor of pleasing him.

	Another slave girl attached the ends of the reins to rings on the bitgag
where it stuck out of each side of her mouth. She pulled the far end of the
leather strap over Nancy's head. The captive could not see what her sister slave
did with it, but when she passed in front of her, she no longer had it.

	Tears began to form in Nancy's eyes. Becoming a slave girl was one
thing.

	Being turned into a ponygirl was another.

	The slave girl had locked her to a sulky. Anywhere she went, she would
have to drag that device with her. Canjac had ordered that she be a ponygirl.
She was only a slave girl, totally dependent upon her master. She could do
nothing but obey.

	Her master went first to the seat to retrieve the whip. This discipline
device was not particularly formidable. Most of its length was the handle with a
short piece of rawhide on the end. Canjac carried it around in front of the
ponygirl where he flicked it a couple times so Nancy would know what could
happen to her if she did not obey.

	Crack! Crack!

	"I suppose that if I let you go, you would be quite happy to bend over
and offer yourself to every man here."

	Nancy nodded. She needed no further lessons on being a slave girl. She
was most willing to obey.

	"Well, I think a little training is in order to make you appreciate your
status as a slave girl. You have to realize that being one of my slave girls is
a great honor. I have only the most beautiful slave girls. They are submissive
and want nothing but to please me."

	As he said that, he caressed her right nipple with his left hand. The
right snapped the whip once again. He did not have to speak the threat. If she
behaved, he would reward her with pleasure. If she disobeyed, she would feel the
whip.

	Crack!

	While it might appear he threatened to use the whip on her titties, she
knew the real threat was to her bottom. Her bottomcheeks protruded through a
pair of holes in the crimson latex panties. The panties served no purpose other
than to make her bottomcheeks targets for her master to aim for.

	"Well?  Shall we get started?"

	Once on the seat, he released the brake. He flicked the reins with his
left hand, not expecting Nancy to respond. No ponygirl ever did the first time.
She needed encouragement.

	The length of the handle allowed the user to poke the ponygirl in the
bottom if he wished. Instead, Canjac flicked it with his right hand.

	Crack! Crack! One blow to each target.

	A red mark appeared on each protruding bottomcheek where the blows had
landed.

	He flicked the reins again.

	Crack! Crack!

	Nancy realized her resistance gained her nothing. Secured as she was to
the sulky, she could not swing her rear end about at all. Whatever place he
aimed for, he could hit and there was nothing she could do about it. The pain
was not great, but she realized he could keep it up indefinitely. He would
continue to flick the end of the whip against her bottom as long as she stood
there.

	Crack! Crack!

	She did not want to be a ponygirl.

	Crack! Crack!

	She did not want to have her bottom beaten either.

	She stepped forward slowly.

	Canjac's weight rested on the axle so the job of pulling the sulky was
not difficult. The sulky was designed so the ponygirl could perform without
becoming exhausted. All she had to do was walk forward, the sulky would follow.
Once they had her trained, a ponygirl could work for hours pulling a sulky
without being tired.

	A well-trained ponygirl was a valuable commodity. She knew Canjac could
sell her for much more if he trained her as a ponygirl, than as a submissive
French Maid. If she worked hard to be a good ponygirl, he might decide to keep
her as one. But if she resisted, he might keep her in harness as a punishment.

	Either way, her fate no longer was in her hands. Her master decided what
would happen to her.

	She felt him pull on the right rein.

	"Veer to the right. You have to give yourself room to turn. You don't
want to try backing up until you have some experience."

	That appeared to be a reasonable order. Changing her direction to the
right took her toward the door. A few meters short of it, he pulled hard on the
left rein. Nancy responded by turning in the direction. By moving first to the
right, she had sufficient room to make the turn.

	She hesitated for a second when she saw them bringing in slave girls.

	Crack! Crack!

	Her friends were about to watch her degradation!

	Crack! Crack!

	She continued forward. At the far end of the loading area, he directed
her to turn. This time he said nothing. He gave all his instructions to her
using the reins. A pull on the right rein brought her closer to the door. A pull
on the left caused her to make a large circle about the room.

	He brought her to a halt before the rows of kneeling slave girls. Nancy
looked to the right, made eye contract with a couple, then stared straight ahead
as she blushed in embarrassment at her situation. They were slave girls. She was
a ponygirl.

	She was nothing more than a beast of burden.

	She felt Canjac climb off the seat. At the same time a French Maid
trotted forward with a pair of short chains that she fastened between Nancy's
head harness and her collar. Though this slave girl wore a dildo gag, Nancy
could tell she was laughing at her. Canjac put a slave girl in a French Maid's
outfit because he enjoyed looking at her in sexy, revealing attire.

	Nancy was a ponygirl. He wanted her to use her body to work.

	"Ponygirl Nancy, think of the great service you are about to do for your
friends. You are going to show them what happens to bad little slave girls. I am
sure that each will learn a lesson from this episode that will save them sorrow
in the future."

	Nancy tried to turn her head but discovered the check chains kept her
from doing that. She could lower her head and turn it a few degrees to either
side, but could not move it beyond that.

	He had disappeared from her sight and she felt him getting into the
sulky again.

	"I think we need a little more speed now that you have some experience."

	He flicked the reins again. Nancy thought about resisting for half a
second before deciding that it would accomplish nothing. She started forward,
maintaining the same pace as before.

	"Come on, show everyone how you trot."

	Nancy knew she could not run wearing those high heels. She would turn an
ankle or fall down or...

	Crack! Crack!

	She picked up the pace a little.

	Crack! Crack!

	She wanted to plead with him to allow her to walk but the bitgag kept
her from doing that.  She was a slave girl. She was a ponygirl. Her only duty
was to obey the orders of her master and he wanted her to move faster.

	Crack! Crack!

	Gone was any thought of resistance. She wanted only to please her
master. She only wanted to be a good little slave girl.

	Crack! Crack!

	All she wanted to do...

	She fairly trotted along when she approached the end of the loading
area. He pulled on the left rein to allow her sufficient room to turn. Once
around, he pulled on the right rein. She made another turn that caused her to
pass behind the rows of kneeling slave girls.

	At the end of the area, he directed her about so she moved back in the
direction she had begun. Where she went was decided by her master.

	After ten complete circuits, he brought her to a halt. After locking the
brake, he climbed off so he could face her.

	"Now I want you to show some ponygirl style when you trot. Lift each
knee high into the air. As you bring a foot down, raise the other knee. Don't
let both feet remain on the floor at the same time."

	Once again they passed behind the kneeling slave girls. If Nancy did not
raise her knees far enough in the air to suit Canjac, he would reward her with a
blow on the back of the thighs with the whip.

	Crack! Crack!

	Nancy pulled her knees as high in the air as she could. Around and
around she went. She had to concentrate on what she did so she could not see the
other slave girls. She was certain they laughed at her. They were ready to use
their bodies to bring pleasure to their master.

	She heard no sounds in the room except the clicking of her heels on the
floor. Even the sound of the wheels rolling across the floor was drowned out by
the heels.

	All she could do was pull her master about the room.

	"What do you think?"

	He brought her to a halt before the kneeling captives. He tossed the
reins to one of his men.

	"I think she is a natural."

	While she knew this unknown man was praising her efforts, she was
uncertain whether to feel happy about it or not. She had never envisioned
herself as a natural ponygirl, or slave girl for that matter.

	Canjac moved around in front of the ponygirl.

	"In the few short weeks I've known you, Nancy, you have proven to be a
total bitch. You are very beautiful, and you know it. You are going to be one of
my most prized slave girls, eventually. But you are going to have to earn that
status. You will learn to appreciate being a submissive slave girl. Until then,
you work for you food."

	He chuckled at that last statement. Turning from her, he gestured toward
the dozen kneeling slave girls.

	"Put some of these out to stud, particularly if you think they might
have been an Amazon. If any strike your fancy, give her personal attention."

	One or two of Nancy's former followers tried to catch the eye of one of
the men to receive "personal attention."

	Nancy could do nothing but stand there while Canjac walked off. He
returned in a few seconds with a squeeze bottle of water. Inserting the tip in
her mouth, he sprayed some past the bitgag. Most he squeezed in the back of her
mouth so she could swallow. He controlled the amount of water she was to have.
When he decided she had enough, he took the bottle away.

	Nancy saw them taking some of the slave girls away. She had other
concerns as Canjac climbed back on the seat.

	"Let's see if you can do it at a faster pace this time."

	Nancy pulled the sulky at the same pace as she had before and was
rewarded with a couple of flicks of the whip against her bottom. A couple more
times with the whip got her trotting along at an acceptable pace.

	At the end of the room, Canjac had her turn in a large circle. This time
he used the reins to guide her to the right. As they approached the end of the
room, he turned her to the left.

	Nancy made a complete circuit without running into anything. She
expected Canjac to have her stop where she had before, but this time he had her
continue. She made a second circuit and then a third.

	She gasped for breath through the bitgag when he brought her to a stop.
Her chest heaved as he allowed her to rest. She felt the sulky move as he
climbed off. He drew the reins around in front as he walked in front of her.
With a wave of a hand, he signaled a slave girl over.

	The submissive woman trotted over to her master, her high heels clicking
on the hard floor, the belled straps about her ankles ringing with each strap.
She stopped a step from Canjac and curtseyed.

	The slave girl had no use of her hands as they were handcuffed behind
her back. Canjac grabbed her by the shoulders to position her a meter in front
of Nancy. He then passed the end of the reins about her upper chest and secured
them with a simple knot.

	This left Nancy tethered to another slave girl. She knew she could try
to run off but the other slave girl would not let her. A broad, black leather
strap covered the other captive's mouth. Nancy had no doubt the gag in her mouth
was a dildo.

	The slave girl would not want to escape. Nancy was certain the other
captive wanted to do nothing other than please her master.

	Nancy thought she would be willing to do anything to escape this
punishment. She was beautiful with a voluptuous body. She was willing to use
assets to please her master.

	Until given the chance, all she could do was continue to serve as a
ponygirl.




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilogram

Chapter 48

	So what had happened to the other member of D. A. A.M. while Canjac
trained Nancy as a ponygirl?

	Let us take for example what happened to Nancy's good friend, the
voluptuous Donna.

	As with the others, they led her from the room at the end of a leash.
The man holding her leash stopped when they reached a place where half a dozen
captives waited tethered to rings on the wall. Donna took her place at the end
of the line. The man blocked her line of sight at first. When she stepped to the
side, she saw the chain leash running to a ring mounted on the wall before her.
The ring was at eye-level so she could not reach it.

	Donna saw the ring for only a few seconds. He stood behind her so she
did not see the leather blindfold until was it too late. The blindfold had two
leather pads connected by a broad strap. With the ends buckled together behind
her head, the blindfold would not come off.

	Now she could see nothing. She could only stand and wait.

	She waited for only a few minutes. Canjac wanted all the slave girls to
receive training to reinforce the knowledge they were only slave girls. Each had
submitted. He wanted their submission reinforced so, mentally, they would be
unable to resist.

	Soon she felt someone pulling the leash. She took a few small steps
until she felt the sting of a switch on the back of her left thigh.

	"Come on, Slave Girl. I don't have all day."

	She moved faster. If she ran into something, it would hurt. Whoever had
her leash guided her. She hoped he would keep her from being hurt. If she went
slowly, she knew she would end up with a sore ass. If she moved quickly, she
might be hurt. If she moved slowly, she definitely would feel pain.

	When the person leading her stopped, Donna ran into him. With a hand on
each shoulder, he turned her about until she faced in the desired position.

	A couple light slaps on the inner thighs told her to spread her legs
apart. Not being able to see, she moved slowly for fear she would fall over.
Another slap on each thigh told her to hurry.

	When she had moved her legs into the desired position, hands fastened a
leather cuff about each ankle. She heard the clinking of chains as someone
attached them to the cuffs. The cuffs and chains prohibited her from bringing
her legs together.

	Restraining chains to the rings on the sides of her collar kept her
upright. A hand removed the leash.

	With Donna secured so she could not resist, they changed her clothing.
She saw nothing but felt them pull the short dress on her body. They freed one
leg at a time to get the stockings on. She felt hands adjusting them. ("They
must have seams up the back," she thought. "They are having trouble getting them
straight.") Hands attached the tops of the stockings to the garter belt. The
sandals they strapped to her feet had impossible stiletto heels.

	They freed her arms so they could pull shoulder-length gloves up them.
Her freedom was extremely short-lived as they secured her arms behind her back,
wrist to opposite elbow with the forearms together. Straps encircled her
forearms in two places. Cuffs about her upper arms were used to anchor straps
that ran from one to the other. She could not move her arms at all. They had her
arms bound so she could not use them to protect her bottom.

	Hands reattached a leash to her collar. A jerk told her to walk forward.

	She did not walk far.

	"Stop."

	Hands maneuvered her about again so she faced in the desired direction.
She moved her legs apart as any good little slave girl would while she waited.

	Once the blindfold off, Donna saw her reflection in the full-length
mirror on the wall before her. A man stood behind her, one she did not
recognize.

	She wore the traditional black satin outfit of a French Maid. The cut of
the bodice forced her boobs in the air so they seemed to be ready to pop out of
the neckline.

	Hands came around her body to grab the minidress at the neckline. The
downward tug was only a millimeter or two, but  was sufficient to cause her
nipples to pop out. The hands tucked the material neatly so the nipples would
always be visible.

	"Turn around."

	She wondered how she could do that with her legs spread. She finally
decided to bring them together temporarily until she had turned her back to the
mirror.

	"Keep you knees locked and bend over. Further. Further. Keep going until
you can see yourself in the mirror."

	Donna's long, dark hair cascaded down to the floor when her head was
lower than her waist. When she had lowered her head close enough to the floor
that she could see past the front of the skirt, she realized why he had ordered
her to do that.

	Bent over, the hem of the miniskirt in back was raised in the air. She
did not wear panties.

	Her pussy was visible to anyone standing behind her when she bent over.
As a slave girl she could expect to bend over often.

	"I just want you to realize what you are showing off every time you bend
over. Maybe you will be lucky and someone will take advantage of what you are
offering."

	She thought she detected a little laugh in his voice.

	He jerked up on the leash, bringing Donna upright.

	A tug told her to follow.

	She was getting used to acting as a slave girl.

	He led her down one corridor lined with waiting slave girls. Donna
raised her head to see if she recognized any. She made eye contact with one
slave girl she did not know, then lowered her eyes. She did not want any to
recognize her. At the end of the corridor they moved through a door to another
room.

	He positioned her at the end of a line of tethered slave girls, each
dressed as a French Maid. A tap on the inside of her left thigh reminded her to
spread her legs apart.

	She did not have to wait long before another man came to collect her.
Down a corridor and left through a door, they emerged into the loading area. A
few meters inside the door was  Mandi, tethered to a column with her back to the
door. Mandi turned her head to give Donna a fearful look. She was nothing more
than a slave girl also.

	The man tethered Donna to the column next to Mandi. Both the leashes ran
to a single ring.

	The man disappeared to Donna's left. She looked over her left shoulder
but he was gone. Uncertain whether she was allowed to look around. She looked at
Mandi and saw her looking in that direction too. If a slave girl was going to be
punished for misbehaving, she wanted it to be Mandi, not her.

	When she looked back at the column to which she was tethered, she saw
Nancy standing in the center of the room. The presence of the sulky told her
they had turned Nancy into a pony girl. Without realizing what she did, the
beautiful brunette tugged on her bondage. Escape was impossible.

	She was bound as a slave girl.

	She heard Mandi moaning. When she glanced down, she saw the light-haired
beauty writhing furiously in her bondage.

	"She is going to get punished," she thought. Turning back toward the
column, she decided to be a good little slave girl and stand there until ordered
otherwise. She knew what happened to bad little slave girls. She had punished
many bad little slave girls herself. She imagined the pain in her bottom. She
want to be a good little slave girl.

	The man returned with new gags for the two. Donna was first. A hand on
the back of her head forced her face down. With his right hand he flipped half
her long tresses over her right shoulder, and the other half over her left. This
left the nape of her neck exposed so he could get at the buckle holding the ends
of the strap together. She felt him unbuckle it.

	"This can't be good," she thought. A ballgag was sort of ordinary. Any
other gag might be worse.

	Once the strap was undone, he pulled her head back by placing a hand on
her forehead. Grabbing the ballgag strap with both hands, he jerked the bright
red rubber ball from her mouth.

	"Keep your mouth open."

	Donna was too smart to disobey. With her mouth open wide, she stared
straight ahead (though her eyes moved to the left to try to see what new gag he
had for her).

	He shoved the new gag into her mouth. The part that slid in her mouth
was a leather disk ten centimeters wide and three thick, tapered at the edges.
The captive beauty's eyes opened wide at the feel of this gag in her mouth. He
had to work it back and forth to get it past her lips. There  was no problem
with the thickness of the gag, the problem was the width.

	This gag was more comfortable than a ballgag and certainly less
degrading than a dildo gag. But it was so large!

	A broad leather strap held the disk in her mouth. He turned her by the
shoulders so she faced Mandi. A hand pressed against the back of her head got
her to bend forward. With the ends of the strap buckled together at the nape of
her neck, the gag would not come out of her mouth.

	Now it was Mandi's turn. She continued to whimper as he replaced her
gag. She threw a nervous glance in Donna's direction.

	Holding the ends of both leashes, he led both slave girls toward Nancy.
He stopped when they were only half a meter from the pony girl. Neither captive
saw him reach to a back pocket. With one fluid motion he brought the plume up
toward Mandi's mouth. Still holding both leashes in his left hand, he raised
that hand to steady her head. The plume slid into a hole in the strap. With a
loud "click" it locked in place.

	As he raised the plume toward Donna's mouth, the beautiful slave girl
bent her head forward to make it easier for the man to fit the end of the plume
in the hole on her gag.

	He threaded the end of Mandi's leash through Nancy's bridle. Pulling it
down, he tied the end to the bar against Nancy's waist.

	Using the leash, he led Donna around to Nancy's right. He tethered her
the same way.

	"Now, dust her. Unless you want to replace her."

	Donna leaned forward so she could run the duster down Nancy's arm. When
the arm disappeared behind the ponygirl's back, Donna raised her head. Then she
lowered it to dust the side of the chest and the tit.

	Donna was glad she was a French Maid instead of a ponygirl, even if it
meant going around in a short skirt without panties on.

	"Still, I wonder..."

	What would it be like to be harnessed to a sulky and forced to parade
around in public as an animal? Maybe they would let her do it. Once or twice.
Once or twice wouldn't be bad. She already wore the collar of a slave girl.
Maybe it would be nice just to pretend to be a ponygirl.

	Yes, maybe once or twice, just to feel what it was like.

	She raised her head again to help keep her balance so she could back up.
This allowed her to move her feet further apart. This gave her room to bend over
so she could get her head low enough to dust Nancy's feet.

	She was certain that would please her master.

	Canjac arrived while she dusted the back of Nancy's knee. He moved
around to inspect the French Maids from various angles. Donna could not see the
smile on his face.

	He had returned to further Nancy's training as a ponygirl. Perhaps it
was time to give the other slave girls a demonstration of what was required of
them.

	Donna saw movement on the other side of Nancy. She was too busy to
notice exactly what it was. She dusted the belt about the pony girl's waist.

	A hand appeared below her, pulling the plumb out. As she straightened
up, she saw the hand unfastening the end of the leash. Her eyes shifted to the
left. Canjac held the leash. She took a few steps toward the back of the sulky.
Canjac had the end attached to a ring when she got there.

	Before getting back on the sulky, Canjac whispered a few instructions to
one of his men.

	"I guess he wants use to practice walking in these high heels," she
thought.

	Almost as soon as they started forward, Canjac had Nancy turn to the
left. She headed toward the door. When she felt a pull on the leash, he turned
left to begin a large turn around the room.

	By then they had removed all the slave girls who had knelt in rows to
watch Nancy's training. They followed the inside wall until they were near the
point where the slave girls had knelt.

	Canjac, the sulky, and three slave girls made two laps around the large
room. Donna was getting used to moving quickly in those high heeled sandals. She
was not exactly running, but she did move faster than she ever thought possible.

	Nancy had more experience than the others trotting about high heels, but
she still  had to concentrate. As soon as she felt a tug on the reins she began
to turn. She saw the pattern in the turns. At the approach to a wall, she waited
for the tug on the reins to tell her to move. A tug toward the right. She
assumed they were going to make a wide turn.

	Instead, they continued forward. At the last minute the door slid open.
The sunlight pouring through the opening was a blinding beacon of light.

	Nancy tried to stop, but the mention of the sulky kept her moving
forward through the doorway. When she tried to slow up, she felt the sting of
the whip on her fanny.

	She was in the alley behind the building before she knew it. She knew if
she stopped where she was, she would still be in the open where people could see
her.

	And she would still get some sort of punishment on her protruding
bottomcheeks.

	At the end of the alley Canjac had her turn right. She pulled the sulky
up High Street to the far end of the town. There were people around. She heard
them. She could see some movement. She saw no one (though she was certain
everyone stared at her naked body).

	 Two let turns had her trotting back in the direction of Canjac's
stronghold on a street parallel to High Street. Their destination was elsewhere.

	This route led through the main square. Nancy stopped when Canjac pulled
sharply on the reins. Other sulkies and wagons pulled by ponygirls moved back on
her left. Out of the corner of her eye she could see slave girls standing
around.

	Canjac moved quickly to the back of the sulky where he took the ends of
the two slave girls. There were dozens of others slave girls in the town square.
Canjac led the two to an open space to the right where Nancy could not see what
happened to them.

	"Face in that direction," he said, pointing across the square. They
stood with their backs to the street, their legs spread far apart.

	Canjac secured them in that position by attaching leather cuffs about
their ankles. Chains between the cuffs and rings set in the ground forced them
to maintain that position.

	He moved around before them.

	"Whenever anyone comes by, I want you to show your respect, and your
best assets, by bending over. If you don't, you know what will happen to you."

	The two stared straight ahead as their master moved around behind them,
though they followed him with their eyes until he was out of sight.

	Though she could not see what happened, Nancy realized Canjac had left
them behind in public.

	When he signaled her to start forward, she raised her knees as high as
she could, trying to please her master.

	She was glad she was a ponygirl.	




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilogram

Chapter 49

	Across town, the Amazons were getting ready to proceed with the next
step of their plan to take over the college of cosmetology. Clarissa and the
others were certain Debbie was telling them the truth. They wanted another test
though. They wanted to see how well the president of the college could function
without an administrative assistant. Debbie had already contacted Charlene about
an interview. Putting this additional stress on her might cause her to make a
decision quickly.

	Of course, some Amazons insisted on playing. One was Cathy, who would
play her usual role of beating the young women into submission.

	The tall brunette thought she needed some exercise so she wandered down
the main hall looking for a slave girl who would meet her physical requirements.
Whenever she saw a captive she thought might work, she would stop to check her
attributes with her left hand. Each slave girl stared straight ahead, acting as
though Cathy did nothing to her as the Amazon fondled a tit to determine its
size. She needed big ones to do as she wished.

	Her only criterion was that the slave girl have extremely large boobs.
What the slave girl had done, what she looked like, who she was, did not matter.
She only had to have big boobs.

	Cathy selected Cindi. The blonde's titties were larger than any she had
come across so far, and she was impatient to get started. Soon the others would
come looking for her. If she wanted to get some exercise (and fun at the same
time), she would have to move quickly. The other Amazons simply did not
appreciate her idea of fun.

	Unhooking the end of the blonde's leash from the ring on the wall, she
used it to lead her down the hall. Cindi had been spanked several times by Cathy
so she knew she was in for a punishment session. She wanted to resist but knew
she did not dare. She had witnessed the punishment of a slave girl who had
refused to do as the tall brunette ordered. Whatever the beautiful Amazon wanted
to do to her would not be as bad as her fate if she resisted. 

	The blonde slave girl hurried along after her mistress, her high heels
clicking on the floor. Her butt wiggled from side to side with each step. Cindi
stayed so close to Cathy that there was slack in the leash. She did not want to
give the Amazon any reason to give her additional punishment.

	In her exercise room, Cathy already had to slave girls dressed as French
maids, ready to help.  The Amazon led the buxom blonde halfway across the room
before tethering her to a ring at the end of a chain dangling down from the
ceiling. She next freed the slave girls from their bondage so they could help.
Each wore a blindfold so neither knew what to expect. All they knew that being
with Cathy meant frequent swats across the most sensitive parts of their bodies.

	She used the leashes to bring them to their feet before removing the
blindfolds. She then led the two over to Cindi where she had them kneel facing
the chosen victim. As she removed their handcuffs, she gave them instructions.

	"Put a leather catsuit on this line. And you had better be quick about
it. If I see any hesitation, I may want to work out with either or both of you."

	Even though the handcuffs were removed from their wrists, the slave
girls knelt with their hands behind their backs, heads bowed so they could stare
at their knees. Their naked bottoms were raised in the air.

	Cathy stepped between them. Squatting slightly, she simultaneously
whacked both on their bottoms. The two slave girls jumped to their feet to get
the leather suit. Each would rather help with Cindi's chastisement, than to
suffer it herself.

	The captive blonde waited passively as the two French maids dressed her
in the leather outfit. She knew her fate would be much worse if she tried to
resist.

	The catsuit had a pair of holes in feet so they could slip Cathy's high
heels down through them, with the toes in the leather and the stiletto heel
protruding through holes in the heels. The leather outfit covered her legs and
torso but left her bottom exposed. The outfit also was crotchless but that did
not bother the blonde beauty as much as having her buttocks bared. Why else
would Cathy have chosen this outfit, unless it was to beat her behind?

	To get the upper part of the catsuit on her, the French Maids had to
remove the handcuffs holding the blonde's arms behind her back. The buxom blonde
made no effort to escape as the French Maids pulled the leather outfit about
her. Only when she felt them adjust it about her body did she realize, to her
horror, that her large boobs protruding through a pair of holes cut in the
bodice of the outfit.

	This gave Cathy two targets, her bottom and her boobs.

	The blonde was in no position to protest and the French maids dressing
her gave her no opportunity at all to resist. As soon as they had the upper part
of the leather catsuit on her body, they slid her arms in the sleeves. Each one
fitted a leather cone over one of Cindi's hands. Each cone ended in a small
metal ring. The French maids attached the cones to the leather sleeves with
straps.

	The beautiful blonde no longer had use of her hands though her arms were
free.

	The French Maids then went to work at her neck, pulling the heavy
material up to get it on the right. Next they moved to the sides of the catsuit
where there were lacings that when drawn tight would make the outfit extremely
snug about the wearer's body. They worked their way down each side. When they
reached the end at the hip, they then turned their attention to the sleeves,
doing the same thing with the lacing down the arms. When they had each sleeve
laced down to be wrists, with all slack drawn from the leather, they freed her
hands from her sides so they could pull them behind her back.

	The catsuit had many D-rings at strategic places so they could secure
the captive in any one of a hundred positions. Using a pair of small padlocks,
they locked the blonde's arms behind her back, the ring on the end of each cone
locked to a ring on the opposite arm at the elbow. This kept the captive's arms
away from her bottom so she could not use them to try to protect that exposed
part of her anatomy.

	They then spun the captive around said she faced Cathy. They knew the
Amazon mistress wanted to watch the hands the remainder of the bondage was
placed on the beautiful captive.

	One French maid then pulled the ball gag from the slave girl's mouth.
The other had a wad of cloth ready. With the tips of her fingers she shoved it
in. Quickly the other French maids raised a cloth in the captive's mouth and
held it on the sides. The other scampered around behind the buxom captive to
take the ends of the cloth and tie them together behind her head under her long
blonde hair.

	Next came a discipline helmet. Cathy saw Cindi look down in fright at
the device, then looked back at her to plead with her blue eyes. Cathy found
herself becoming aroused by the slave girl's fear. A smile appeared on the
Amazon's mouth. She so loved it when the slave girls were afraid of her.  It
made them so much more responsive when she inflicted pain on them.

	The slave girl with the discipline helmet held it up against the
captive's face so Cindi's nose protruded through the triangular hole in the
center. That was the only opening on the helmet. Moving her hands to be sides of
Cindi's head, she held the discipline helmet in place while the other slave girl
pulled the flaps together behind the captive's head. Once she had it in place,
she threaded a lace through a pair of holes at the top and worked her way down,
back and forth, back and forth when she reached the nape of the blonde's neck,
she tied a large bow with the lace.

	Cathy pointed to a French Maid, then to a crank on the wall about five
meters to her right

	"Lower that chain so she can attach it to the top of the helmet."

	That French Maid scampered to the wall. Pulling the pin from the device,
she began to turn the handle. A chain ran from it through a pulley overhead and
another pulley over Cindi's head.  As she turned the handle, the chain dropped
down toward the ring on the helmet.

	The other French Maid attached a clasp at the end of the chain to the
ring. She had no need to lock it as Cindi could not undo it bound as she was.

	Cathy moved her arm in a circle telling the French Maid should turn the
handle. She moved the handle around a few times to take the slack out of the
chain.

	"Secure her feet to the floor." Cathy said as she tossed a pair of
leather cuffs to the French maid before her.

	That slave girl in down and Cindi's feet to wrap a leather top about
each ankle. Dangling down from a ring on one them was a short chain. She
threaded it through a ring in the floor and then back up to a ring on the top of
the other ankle.

	"Now put the pussy plug in."

	The second French maid remained at the crank while the first retrieved
an adjustable metal tube. At one end was a dildo. The other was threaded so she
could screw it in the floor between Cindi's feet. Once she had the tube securely
in position, she turned the locking ring that freed the end of the tube with the
dildo. She pulled it up, forcing the tip of the dildo into the blonde's pussy.
Cindi moved her feet as far apart as the chains would allow. The French Maid
shoved half the length in before she had to twist it back and forth to continue.

	"Don't push it too far in. I want to give her room to wiggle about."

	Turning to the other French Maid, she added, "Now stretch her out."

	Cathy stared at blonde's high heels until the heels barely touched the
floor.

	"Stop. Lock it and come over here."

	While she waited, she stepped close to Cindi so she could hear her
through the helmet.

	"Wiggle back and forth until your nipples are hard."

	She turned to the two French Maids.

	"Face each other. Now, one at a time, pull the other's top down to
expose her titties."

	The two knew that as slave girls they were not allowed to adjust their
clothing.

	"Stand back to back with your hands around the other's body."

	When they stood in the desired position, Cathy secured their hands with
manacles. (These were similar to handcuffs, but the connecting chains were
longer.)

	"Now we are going to play a little game. Whoever can make the other's
nipples harder by playing with them, wins. The loser, well, we will see about
that."

	Even before she had finished, the two were fondling each other. Fingers
played with nipples until they were hard and pointed. Neither wanted to be the
first to quit.

	Now that the easy part was done, Cathy had to decide what type of where
paddle or switch to use. She selected a small paddle only a centimeter and a
half wide. She swung it a few times through the air. Looking over at Cindi's
titties. She thought maybe they were big enough for this paddle. Looking back at
the collection of spanking implements on the rack, she decided against using it.
She selected a pair of switches, one large and one small. Holding one in each
hand, she returned to the three slave girls swinging them up and down so they
whistled. She tossed the larger one aside.

	Cindi heard the sounds and knew what they meant. Her nipples were so
hard and pointed they looked as they were about to explode off her chest, but
the buxom blonde wiggled back and forth faster.

	Cathy took her position on Cindi's right, half a meter from her.

	"I don't think your nipples are hard enough. You simply aren't trying
hard enough."

	The tall Amazon looked over at her two helpers. Fingers flashed rapidly
on the soft mounds.

	Slap!

	She flicked the switch against the blonde's chest. On the flesh of each
breast, a red welt appeared diagonally across each nipple. Cathy grabbed Cindi's
right tittie with her right hand to fondle it. She enjoyed the warmth and
created by a welt. She delivered six rapid blows to the left tittie.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	Cathy heard Cindi trying to scream through the gag and the discipline
helmet.

	Moving over to the blonde's left, she practiced her backhand on the
other tit. Slap! The mound wobbled with each blow. Slap! Cathy enjoyed the sight
so much she whacked that tittie half a dozen more times.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	Cathy moved from one side of the blonde to the other, delivering a
random number of blows so Cindi had no idea how long the punishment on a
particular area would continue.

	She moved over to the French Maids. At her approach, they worked harder
to excite the tits of the other.

	The tall Amazon stared at the two for a few seconds. The French Maid in
front of her was so excited that Cathy suspected she was close to coming.

	From a far corner of the room she retrieved a rubber-coated rope about
two centimeters in diameter. She tied one end to the chain connecting the
manacles of one of the French Maids. She passed it between each captives' legs
and up to the other chain. As she pulled down on it, she drew each woman's hands
down, away from the tits of the other.

	Before continuing she made certain it passed between the labia of each.
When they struggled, the rope would rub against their pussies. Merely struggling
would arouse them.

	"Both of you, put your feet together."

	She passed one end of a leather strap under the arches of a pair of high
heels. The ends crossed on top the slave girl's feet. She passed the ends
between the back of her ankles and around in front where she buckled them
together. Another strap went about the lower thighs immediately above the knees.

	Cathy repeated the process with the legs of the other slave girl. A
final strap formed a loop that connected both pairs of legs. The two could
squirm, but could do nothing else.

	"Let me see. Whose nipples are more erect?"

	She thought about it for a few seconds while she moved about the
captives. Each hoped she would be spared; each knew she would be punished
anyway.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	The slave girl tried to scream through her gag. As she struggled, the
cord moved to and fro along her pussy. The nipples of each became erect.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	Red marks appeared on the titties of the second slave girl.

	Cathy moved back toward the first.

	"Are you about ready?"

	She looked to her right. Clarissa came through the door, followed by
half a dozen other Amazons.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	"I know what I have to do."

	She moved around to the second slave girl.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	Tucking the switch under her left arm, she smiled at Clarissa. She said
nothing as she crossed the room. Clarissa started to follow, but stopped before
she got there.

	When Cathy turned, she held up a yellow silk miniskirt and that was
quite short and very narrow.

	"If you think?"

	Clarissa frowned.  "I don't know.  I'll have to see it on you first."

	Cathy rolled her eyes as she shrugged.

	"You bring them back here and I'll be ready."

	Before she could reply, a voice called out from another doorway.

	"Clarissa. There is someone out here who wants to see you."

	They had time constraints so she did not want any unnecessary
interruptions.

	"This better be important," she mumbled under her breath as she moved
toward the door with long steps.

	In the waiting room she found Shelley waiting. The woman mounted to her
feet with a smile.

	"Oh, hi."

	This woman was becoming annoying. The Amazon imagined how the young
woman would look wearing only a collar and a small.

	"I have a favor to ask."

	"What?"

	"I was wondering if you could fix of one of my slave girls."

	"Which one?"

	"Janice. I want you to turn her into a virgin."

	Clarissa was not certain want Shelley it was up to. She shrugged.

	"Why not? Where is she?"

	"I have her tethered outside. I have to take her and Paulette for
another fitting for their bridesmaids outfits."

	"Have a seat. I have to go and take care of something, but I'll get
someone to take care of her. She can't come through that door, that door is
reserved for free women. I'll have someone take her around to the slave girls'
entrance. Just have a seat."

	Shelley had hoped to have a tour of the building, or at least be invited
further inside. None of this had happened. They treated her as though she was a
business associate. She plopped down on a chair with her lower lip sticking out.

	Half an hour later, an Amazon she did not recognize came through the
door leading Janice by a leash that ran down between her legs.  Shelley smiled
when she saw Janice's red eyes. The beautiful slave girl had been crying. She
wondered if it was from pain, embarrassment, or the knowledge of what she was
not going to get.

	"I added a special ring," the Amazons remarked to Shelley. Turning to
Janice she snapped, "Turn around and bend over so your mistress can admire your
new jewelry."

	The beauty shuffled around in a half circle until she faced away from
Shelley. Spreading her legs as far apart as she could, she bent over.

	As Shelley had asked, they had turned the slave girl into a "virgin" by
sealing her pussy with seven gold rings. There was so little space between them
that Janice could not get any stimulation between her legs.

	The woman grabbed a handful of her slave girl's long tresses to pull her
upright.

	"See, Janice? Now you can only give pleasure - you can't get it." She
spun her slave girl around. "Don't you think you deserve this?"

	Tears started to well up in the beauty's eyes as she nodded. If she
indicated anything else, Shelley would punish her.

	One ring in the middle was larger than the others. The Amazon tugged
lightly on the leash attached to it.

	"Believe me, wherever you go, she will gladly follow."

	"Can I talk to Clarissa?"

	"She's not here. She had some errands to run. Here, look at the special
treat I put in here."

	The Amazon took Janice to the slave girls' entrance while Shelley went
outside to get Paulette who was tethered to the building next to the door.

	"I wonder what sort of errands Clarissa's has to run?" she thought as
she unfastened the end of the buxom's beauty's leash.




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilogram

Chapter 50

	With this influx of new slave girls caused by the acquisition of D. A.
A. M. and its slave girls, Canjac realized that he had too many for his men to
handle. He had to get rid of some of the experienced slave girls who no longer
interested him, and some of the newer ones who did not meet his high standards.
This created a problem. He had his regular outlets to whom he supplied trained
girls. They could not accept the quantity he had. He had to develop new buyers.

	Getting rid of the Amazons he had turned into slave girls was something
of a problem. It took several months to train them so they were submissive.
There was a ready market for French maids who had once been Amazons. Men, and
women, enjoyed watching the submissiveness of these former mistresses. The more
dominant a woman had been before her collar, the more submissive she was as a
slave girl.

	He had a number of former Amazons undergoing training right now but it
would be several weeks before he could sell them. He had high standards to
maintain.

	That meant he had to deal with some new people. It seemed that everyone
wanted to do business with him, but he had his own standards. He would sell a
slave girl only to a master or mistress who knew how to take care of one. Treat
a beautiful slave girl as a beautiful slave girl, and she will respond as one
would expect a beautiful slave girl to respond.

	(Of course there were many instances where he sold slave girls to women
solely so he could become their friends. Several of them now were wearing his
collar and undergoing training. He had discovered that a woman who enjoyed using
a paddle on a slave girl usually did so because she had a hidden desire to be a
slave girl.)

	As he looked through his correspondence in search of someone to whom he
could sell a partially trained slave girl, there was a knock at the door.

	"Come in."

	The man who entered was in charge of breaking in the new Amazons.

	"We have a problem with one of the Amazons. She doesn't want to 'stud.'"

	"Which one?"

	"Lori."

	Well, the Amazons were wondering what had happened to her. But we
suspected the truth all along. Put an Amazon in a collar and strip her of her
clothing, and her best friend wouldn't recognize her.

	"Bring her in here. Tell the others to get ready to give her a shave."

	After Canjac gave the order, it took the man just seconds to bring Lori
in as he had her tethered outside the door. He then left to pass the word to get
ready for more humiliation for the brunette. The former Amazon stood before
Canjac's desk. She tried to stare him down, but her eyes dropped to the floor.

	She wore the collar of a slave girl. She knew what she had to do.

	Slowly the beautiful brunette lowered her left knee to the floor. When
it touched, she brought her right down to join it. She knelt submissively as a
slave girl before her master.

	They had spanked her several times, but it had always been bare hand on
bare bottom. She knew every slaver kept a supply of whips, paddles and crops
handy.

	"So you think being a stud is beneath need you. You certainly enjoyed it
when others did it to you."

	Lori started to raise her head, then thought better of it. She knew that
if she were in their position she would have no qualms about beating a slave
girl's bottom until it was bright red. She believed they were lulling her into a
state of comfort so the spankings she got would be worse.

	She did not know the way Canjac worked.

	"I want to be generous, Lori. If you agree to do it the rest of the day
like the good little slave girl I know you want to be, you will not be punished.
Do you agree to do it?"

	The beautiful brunette looked up with defiance in her eyes. She shook
her head violently so her long dark hair floated about her head.

	Canjac smiled.

	"I hope you would answer that way."

	Her master stood up. As he did so, the door to the hall opened.

	"Get her ready. I think Lori needs to realize what a close shave she
had." The brunette looked up at her master, wondering why he and the man behind
her were laughing.

	The man took her leash. She had no choice but to come to her feet when
he jerked up on it, and follow him from the room. He took her to a room she had
not been in yet. In the middle of the room there was a contraption that appeared
to be some sort of rack. The device was shaped like a Y, mounted on a single
pedestal. Lori did not know what to expect, but she knew she was not going to
like this.

	The man tethered her to a ring on the wall next to the door. Without a
word to the captive, he left, closing the door behind.

	Lori did what any other slave girl would do. She struggled with her
bondage and tried to break the leash so she could escape. Nothing she did gave
her any freedom at all. The bondage of a slave girl was a science, dedicated to
the sole objective of rendering the female captive helpless.

	She stared at that bondage device, wondering what it was for. The
captive could lay on it with arms spread, or legs spread. She was pretty certain
she would be on it with her legs spread.

	Canjac returned with two of his men. It took him only seconds to remove
her halter top and miniskirt. He smiled at her as she stroked her nipples. She
tried to turn away, but he grabbed a handful of her hair with his other hand to
hold her in place. He pulled her head around so she had to look at him.

	"I hope you like this, Lori. Because that is all you are going to get
for a while."

	He began to laugh.

	While her master had distracted her, another of the man moved behind
Lori with a black satin blindfold which he slipped over her eyes. She wanted to
struggle but it was too late. Now that they had her blindfolded so she would not
know what was about to happen, they removed the leash from her collar. Turning
her around, they propelled her to forward. Above the sounds of her high heels,
she heard a mechanical creaking and knew they were doing something to that
device.

	They turned her around before removing the handcuffs. A pair of hands
held each arm so she could not struggle as they pushed her backwards. Once her
back was against the device, they pulled her arms behind it. (She was correct in
her thinking about how they would bind her to the device. The "vee" part of the
device was at her feet.) Leather cuffs secured her arms there. A leather strap
went about her slender waist, and another around her upper chest above her large
tits. These held her back against it.

	Lori was certain they intended to do something to her such as beat her
tits. She was surprised when hands unbuckled the strap so they could pull the
rubber ball from her mouth.

	"Ahhhgggg!! Ahhhgggg!!"

	A metal device between her teeth kept her from closing her mouth. By
turning a lever, they forced her to open her mouth as wide as it could go.

	"Ahhhgggg!! Ahhhgggg!!"

	She expected them to shove some new gag into her mouth, such as a penis
gag, but instead a pair of rubber chocks were placed between her back teeth, one
on each side.

	She could not close her mouth.

	To insure her silence, something was wedged between her front teeth.

	She could not see it, but it was a simple rubber drain stopper. They
were treating her mouth as nothing more than a drain.

	Now that they had her secured to the device, they shifted it back so she
lay on it. Leather straps about her lower thighs and ankles kept her from being
able to move her legs from the "vee" of the device. With her legs spread wide,
her crotch was available.

	They adjust the device so the beautiful brunette's head was near the
floor, her legs raised in the air. Her crotch was at chest level. The straps
made it so she could wiggle about, but could do nothing else.

	She was ready for her a rather unique punishment.

	Canjac stood by the captive's legs, looking down at her face. He flashed
her a smile she could not see, patted her pussy, and made his way across the
room. It took almost a minute to find what he needed as he rarely had to resort
to this type of punishment. The slave girl who experienced it, and those who saw
happen to another, tried hard to avoid it. Finally he found what he needed: a
china cup with a brush, a small bar of soap, a straight razor, and a leather
strap. Adding a little water to the cup, he created suds by moving the brush
around on the soap.

	As he worked, he looked over at the beautiful captive. She was
struggling with her bondage, but not enough to cause her to merit punishment. He
smiled. He knew she must be imagining all kinds of potential punishments. But
she had no idea how insidious this one would be.

	He handed the cup and other items to one of his men, keeping only the
razor and the strap. Moving around where he had a good look at the captive's
beautiful face, he stropped the razor until it was, well, razor sharp.

	"In honor of your disobedience, we are going to call this 'Lori's close
shave.'"

	By then she had an idea what he was going to do to her. (Of course, she
did not know the full consequences.)

	Removing his trousers, Canjac straddled her face and motioned for any
man to elevate that end of the device. Slowly Lori's face came closer and closer
to his crotch. Holding his left hand in the air, he signaled the man to stop. He
pulled the plug from the slave girl's mouth, leaning forward so he was in the
right position. He pushed his cock down so when they raised the device higher,
his cock slid into the slave girl's open mouth.

	The device went higher and higher, forcing his cock deeper and deeper
into her mouth. They stopped when her master was literally sitting on her face,
the tip of his cock deep into her mouth.

	"I think the only way you can it that out of the back of your throat is
by sucking it dry."

	All three men laughed.

	Lori sobbed as she realized what her master said was true. She hoped she
could make him come and would cost it to shrink. In the back of her mind though,
she knew that, like all men, he would have a constant erection. Her lips were of
no use. All she could use was her tongue.

	Lori's attention on the cock showed deep into her mouth, kept her from
realizing what Canjac did to her. Using the brush first, he lathered up her
crotch so all her pubic hair was covered. Using the razor with short strokes, he
carefully shaved away all of her pubic hair. When he was finished, her crotch
was as smooth as her bottom.

	One of his men tossed him a rag that he used to wipe the area clean. His
hand slid from the brunette's right thigh to her left.

	He signaled them to lower the device so he could get off Lori's face. As
he pulled his cock out, he wedged the rubber stopper back in. He had not come
but that was not because the captive had not tried.

	As he pulled up his pants, the two men maneuvered the device so Lori's
head was up in the air again. The man then used extracting hooks to pull the
rubber chocks from her mouth. A wadded up piece of cloth kept her silent. The
rubber stopper kept the cloth in her mouth.

	"Let's get her dressed before we show her what she is going to do."

	Using the leash attached to her collar, they led her down the hallway to
another room. The brunette walked somewhat bowlegged because of the itch at her
crotch because of the shave. No one paid her any attention. The other slave
girls had their own problems to worry about.

	Canjac selected the outfit for her and handed it to one of the waiting
French maids. Three of them swarmed all over Lori, dressing her as her master
wanted. These were some of his more experienced French maids, each of them a
former Amazon. It did not take them long to finish. They felt no sympathy for
Lori. They had obeyed and were treated as good little slave girls. They knew
that she deserved this punishment.

	When they had her dressed, Canjac reattached the leash to lead her down
the hall to his office.  Once inside he turned her so she faced a full-length
mirror. Though she had been a slave girl for only a few days, she automatically
stood with her legs spread far apart.

	Canjac removed the blindfold.

	Lori blinked rapidly several times as her eyes became used to the light.
Then she saw her reflection in the mirror. Her eyes started at the reflection of
her face and worked her way down.

	They had dressed her in something that resembled the outfit of a French
maid. The bodice of the black satin dress was so low that her nipples protruded
over the neckline. She had already gotten use to showing off her large tits. The
waist was quite tight. Her gaze dropped lower, stopped and her eyes grew wide in
shock.

	She saw immediately what Canjac had done to her. The dress was split up
the front to her waist. The hem was flared, but there was a triangular gap,
twelve-centimeters wide at the bottom narrowing to a couple centimeters at the
waist. Standing with her legs spread apart helped pull the gap apart. Anyone
would have an unobstructed view of her pubic area.

	That now was shaved clean.

	"And until that hair grows back, your pussy is off-limits to everyone."

	Canjac moved next to the slave girl. His right hand moved down under the
short skirt to fondle her bottom while his left work on her left nipple. Lori
found herself being aroused. She was (or had been) an Amazon. She was used to
being in control. The manner in which he fondled her tittie made her secretly
wish he would use you as a slave girl.

	"Every time you disobey, you will be pulled back into the room and we
will shave you again. Until then, this is all the action you will get."

	He had fondled her until she became aroused and then he stopped.

	"And until that hair grows back as thick as it was, you are the lowest
of all my slave girls. In case you have any doubts about that, let's go out and
see what the other slave girls think about this."

	With a jerk on the leash, he ordered the former Amazon  to follow him
from the room and down the hall.  In a rather large room, about 10 or 12 of
Canjac's new acquisitions were being trained as slave girls.

	The training was basic. Kneel. Rise. Turn around. Bend over. The basic
commands continued until a woman responded to them instinctively. When she
reacted as a slave girl, she was one no matter what she wanted.

	Three or four men hovered around the captives with switches as
inducement for them to behave. Another barked out orders.

	Now standup. Turn around. Spread your legs further apart. Bend over.
Look straight ahead. Straighten up. Kneel. Stand up. Kneel. Put your face on the
floor with your behind the air.

	Already they were obeying the orders immediately. Soon they would know
to obey them without thinking.

	Canjac lead Lori in front of the group

	"Have them kneel and look in this direction."

	The slave girls were facing the door and over with her legs spread. They
were dressed as French maids, but did not wear panties. Though each one wondered
what her master wanted them to see, not one changed her gaze.

	"Straighten up! Turn around! Kneel! Look at us!"

	Canjac looked down at Lori's crotch. While she had her legs spread
apart, she could do better.

	"Spread your legs further apart, Lori. Let them all see what you have.
Or should I say don't have."

	The beautiful brunette could tell they all were laughing at her behind
their gags. She wanted desperately to draw her legs together, but knew she did
not dare.

	"You need to adjust your position a little so they can get a look at
your pussy from another angle. Turn around and bend over."

	And Lori and looked at her master, pleading with her eyes for him not to
have her do this. He stood there with his arms folded across her chest. She knew
she would be punished if she did not obey.

	She slowly pulled her legs together so she could turn around. Once she
faced away from the others, she spread her legs as far apart as they had been.
Then she leaned over, staring at the far end of the room.

	"Bend over further. Look at the other little slave girls between your
legs."

	In order to do that, Lori had to bend over even further. It was obvious
they all were taking delight in her shaved condition.

	"I think everyone needs a closer look."

	He gave no verbal orders this time. A jerk on the leash caused her to
straighten up and then turn around. He led her to the first kneeling slave girl.

	"Put your crotch in her face. I want it close enough that she can use
her nose to feel how smooth it is. Go ahead. Rub your nose up and down where her
pubic hair was. Feel how smooth it is and be glad that you are a good little
slave girl who hasn't been punished."

	Lori made her way slowly about the group. Long before the end, she was
certain that Canjac was correct. She was lower in status than her sister slaves
who had a full head of hair down their between their legs.

	"Straighten up, slave girl. There is an adoring public out in their
wants to see you."

	As soon as Lori had straighten up, Canjac attached the end of a leash to
her collar. The beautiful slave girl trotted along behind him as he headed for
the loading dock area.

	Nancy still waited there, dressed in the ponygirl harness, attached the
sulky. Canjac led Lori around behind the sulky to attach the end of the leash to
a ring on the device where Donna had recently been tethered.

	By this time, Nancy did not think twice about going outside. She trotted
along, following the directions that Canjac gave her by pulling on the reins.
She was a beautiful ponygirl. People who saw her admired her body. No one paid
her any more attention than they would any other slave girl.

	The same could not be said for Lori. This was her first time outside as
a slave girl. Free women did not go around with their legs and titties exposed.

	Bound and gagged as she was, she had no say in the matter. She tried to
resist, but Nancy dragged her along behind the sulky.

	The buxom brunette was only another slave girl.

	This time Canjac headed directly toward the town square. He could see by
the expressions on the faces of Donna and Mandi that they were glad to see him.
He knew that they would be willing to do anything to please him, just as long as
he took them home.

	Canjac locked the break on the sulky before giving off. He used the
leash to lead Lori to where the other two slave girls waited with their legs
spread.

	"Take a position between them," Canjac said.

	The little slave girl had to obey. Even though she was not tethered, she
did not run off.

	She was certain that her bottom would pay the price for an attempt to
escape.

	She watched as he led the other two to the sulky. They replaced her
tethered to the back of it.

	She began to tremble as she realized he intended to leave her here in
this public place.

	Canjac squatted to attach a chain and leather, to each ankle. This
forced Lori to stand with her legs spread.

	"I'm sure you will appreciate this position." Canjac placed the tips of
the fingers of his right hand under the beautiful slave girl's chin to raise her
face "I am certain that you will want to obey after this."

	Without another word to the slave girl, he returned to the sulky and
drove off.




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilogram

Chapter Fifty-one

	The town square served no other purpose than that of putting slave girls
on display. Many a master or mistress would display those they wished to sell.
Those slave girls wandering about town without someone holding their leash would
be placed there so their owner could claim them. Others, such as Canjac, put
slave girls there as a form a public punishment.

	Some slave girls were put there to teach them that anyone could use
their bodies. They would get used to bending over for every master who came by.
It never took long for a slave girl to want to please every man who wished to
avail himself of her helplessness.

	Some slave girls standing there wore panties. They could not be used,
but they still offered their bottoms to men and women. Sometimes their owner
would leave a selection of switches or paddles for passers-by to use. Sometimes
it was the responsibility of the master or mistress to provide their own.

	Mistresses in particular favored slave girls being punished as such.
There was a sense of power to send a paddle crashing against the vulnerable
bottom of a beautiful captive. A hand on the bottom to feel the warm of the skin
through the panties would tell if the job had been done correctly.

	Everyone walking by, inspecting the slave girls, saw Lori. The shiny
black satin of her outfit contrasted sharply with the pristine whiteness of her
shaved pubic area.

	While some masters and mistresses preferred their slave girls shaved,
everyone knew that the only reason a slave girl was dressed in black and placed
in public was to show that she was being punished.  Every master and mistresses
who went by would smile at Lori's shaved pussy. Many slave girls smiled through
their gags at her punishment. Several masters or mistresses pointed out the
brunette's predicament to their own slave girls with the warning, "See what can
happen to you if you don't behave?" The slave girls would scurry quickly after
their owners, afraid to show the slightest resistance.

	Once in a while some master would pause to get a better look at the
slave girl. Lori knew better than to meet his gaze. She stared only at the bulge
in his pants.

	"You certainly are in most beautiful slave girl. When your punishment is
over, I certainly would like to have a go at you."

	He then moved onto another slave girl who had her pubic hair. With legs
chained to rings on the ground, Lori could not turn around to bend over if any
man wanted her.

	And so that was how Lori spent her afternoon. Men came by, admired her
beauty and body, and then moved on.

	She was glad when she saw Canjac arrived in the sulky.

	"And how has my bad little slave girl than behaving today?"

	Lori was ready to fall on her knees and offer her mouth to him, but he
gave her no opportunity as he attached a leash to her collar and used it to lead
her to the sulky once he had her feet free. She trotted along behind the sulky
on her way back to Canjac's stronghold.

	She was concerned only with her own bondage and humiliation so she paid
no attention to what went on about her.

	The same cannot be said for Canjac. As he turned down one street, he
spied a wagon moving in the other direction. The wagon was large, so large that
it took 24 pony girls to pull it, six rows of four. Seated on the driver's seat
were two Amazons he recognized.

	"I wonder what they are up to?"

	He had other things on his mind. Lori was about to learn the rest of her
fate.

	What she had refused to do before would be a pleasure compared to what
he wanted her to do now.

	The loading dock door slid open as their approach. Once inside, Canjac
directed Nancy to trot around in a semicircle so she faced the door. He might
want to take her out again.

	Lori offered no resistance as he led her down the hall. In seconds, she
found herself in the stud room at the end of the hall. Canjac jerked down on the
leash, causing the beautiful slave girl kneel until he was ready for her.

	Canjac waited while another pair of slave girls was put to work.

	He had far too many slave girls for a few men to satisfy. He needed
another way to keep them happy, and to train them to enjoy being used.

	That was why he put some of his slave girls "out to stud."

	A dozen slave girls knelt to one side of the room waiting their turn.
Each hoped that she would be used, but realized that serving as a "stud" was
part of her job as a slave girl.

	As Canjac and Lori waited, one of his more submissive slave girls was
bound into position to be on the receiving end of pleasure. She fairly jumped at
the opportunity, knowing that she would be permitted to come again and again.
Basically, Canjac would allow her to come as often as she could within the
allotted period of time.

	As soon as her handcuffs were off, the slave girl placed her hands
behind her head, linking her fingers together. Two slave girls dressed as French
maids pulled her panties down. She wore a pink satin halter top and flared a
pink satin miniskirt. This slave girl was dressed, but her attire made her body
appear more sexy than if she had been completely naked. They pulled the ballgag
from her mouth but immediately replaced it with a penis-gag.

	When given the order to move forward, she skipped to her position on a
box before a padded rail.  She leaned across it and put her hands down near the
floor. Bent over, she could see how far apart to place her feet.

	A French maid fastened a leather cuff about each wrist, running a
connecting chain to a ring on the floor. The slave girl could not straighten up.
The other slave girl secured the captive's legs far apart by wrapping a leather
strap about the upper thigh. These straps were riveted to the rail.

	In this position the slave girl's pussy was exposed and available. She
could not resist if someone wanted to use her pussy. Resisting was the last
thing on her mind. She wanted to be used again and again and again.

	Nadia was next in line. Canjac recognized her by the size of her massive
titties. The slave girl was naked except for a black satin garter belt, sheer
black stockings and high heels. She looked around apprehensively as they began
to fasten a leather belt about her waist as this was her first time being put
"out to stud."

	A French maid attached another strap to a ring in front. This strap had
on it a double dildos. The slave girl passed the working end between the former
Amazon's spread legs to her sister French maid. She then adjusted dildos so one
was right in Nadia's pussy. The other dildo protruded forward. Locking the strap
to the belt in back kept the apparatus in place.

	Nadia looked down. She was afraid of what this meant, but she knew it
felt good. She looked over at Canjac, hoping he would not force her to do this,
but he only smiled.

	So the slave girl who was put out to stud could concentrate on what she
did, and at the same time think about the pleasure she received, they locked a
leather harness about her head. Her nose protruded through a ring in front. A
strap passed around the back of her head. The French maid buckled the ends
together securely behind the buxom brunette's head. The other French maid pulled
the remainder of the device up over Nadia's face. The ballgag came out and a
penis gag went in her mouth. A strap ran down in back. The French maid attached
this to the strap around her head.

	Broad leather pads covered the wearer's eyes. The slave girl could see
nothing but the leather before her face. Her whole world consisted of staring at
nothing, and feeling the pleasurable sensation of a short dildo in her pussy.

	"Move her forward."

	Nadia moved forward, feeling the immensely pleasurable sensation of the
dildo rubbing against her lower lips.

	On the floor were a set of stocks for the "stud's" feet. Canjac wanted
to control her pleasure. The "stud" could not pull her legs together to increase
her pleasure.

	They had Nadia stand in stocks so she could not move her legs from that
position. A French maid put her hands on the slave girl's bare bottom to push
her forward while the other guided the dildo into the waiting pussy of the other
captive. Once they had the head in, they ran a chain from the harness to be rail
below the captive's body. The kneeling French maid signaled with a nod of her
head for her sister French maid to pull Nadia back. The dildo was slid out a
little, but not far enough so the buxom slave girl could pull it out of the
pussy

	"Thrust your hips forward."

	When Nadia did that, two things happen to the same time. The dildo slid
all the way into the slave girl's pussy. This slave girl gave a loud scream
through her ball gag. She enjoyed this quite a bit. Nadia put her head back at
the same time as she uttered her own moan of pleasure. The shorter dildo rubbing
against her pussy had excited her. She knew she could come if she worked hard
enough. She thrust her hips forward again. The moan from the slave girl told her
she had done it correctly. She drew her hips back then thrust forward again.
Back and forward. Back and forth. This was Nadia's world.

	"Ohhhhhhhhhh."

	Now it was Lori's turn as another slave girl was brought and positioned
over a rail next to the first. It was this job that Lori had refused to do
before. Refusing to do what Nadia did had caused Canjac to shave her pussy. Now
she was about to learn how much better it would have been had she done as her
master ordered.

	She waited for them to fasten the harness on her as they had Nadia. She
would be willing to do this odious task now, but Canjac had further punishment
for her. After a whispered command from their master, a French miad pulled the
ball gag from her mouth and replaced it with a double dildo gag. A dildo ten
centimeters long went deep into the back of  her mouth. Another dildo, 20
centimeters long, protruded from the strap at her mouth.

	The beautiful brunette shook her head and grunted her displeasure as the
French maids dragged her over to the waiting slave girl. She tried to resist,
forcing Canjac to grab her hair. He twisted her head about so she could only
look at him.

	"You had your chance before, Lori, now you get to learn what it is like
to obey. If you resist, if you disobey, you get shaved again."

	Standing behind the beautiful captive, he placed both hands on her
shoulders to force her to her knees immediately behind the waiting slave girl.

	A French maid held the captive's head, while the other guided the end of
the dildo into the slave girl's pussy. They held the former Amazon in that
position by running a chain from her slave collar to a ring the rail under the
other captive's body.

	"You are going to want to do this with great enthusiasm, Lori. Remember,
every time you disobey, your pussy will be shaved. All the other slave girls are
having multiple orgasms while you go around with a shaved pussy. The decision is
yours."

	The former Amazon was sobbing loudly as she stared at the slave girl's
bare bottom in front of her. The slave girl's anus was at eye level.

	"Go ahead, Lori. Make her scream."

	Canjac stepped forward to place his right hand at the back of the slave
girl's head. With one motion he forced her face forward. The brunette's
beautiful face slammed into the bare bottomcheeks of the other slave.

	"Ahhh.!

	"Do it!"

	Slowly Lori pulled her head back, drawing the dildo out. She paused for
a few seconds before ramming her face into the woman's bottomcheeks again.

	"Ahhhhhh!!"

	Lori pulled her head back. Again, she slammed her face into the woman's
bottom.

	"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

	The ballgag could not muffle the slave girl's scream of pleasure as she
came. Lori rammed her face forward again so it struck the other slave girl's
bottomcheeks. At the same time she was very much aware of the dildo in her
mouth.

	Lori had only one desire - to be a good little slave girl.




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilogram

Chapter 52

	Sixteen corridors branched off the main hallway. Four doors on each side
marred the concrete  block monotony of institutional architecture. Each room was
home to four coeds. Sixteen corridors, four doors times two, four to a room.

	"So many coeds, so little time," Clarissa lamented as she paced back and
forth at the end of one corridor.	

	Karen Kelly came back to her room at the dorm, only to find a woman
dressed in a dark gray suit waiting outside the door. The woman held a clipboard
in her left hand, and had a large canvas bag sitting on the floor to her left.
The suit, complete with a tie, gave Karen the impression she was some sort of
businesswoman.

	Okay, Clarissa was a businesswoman, but not in any business that Karen
would think of.

	"Kim?"

	Karen wondered what this woman was doing there. She certainly did not
look like a coed though she could not have been more than five or six years
older than she was.

	"No. I'm Karen. Kim is my roommate."

	The woman looked down at her clipboard. A look of anguish appeared on
her face as she looked up.

	"Oh, I'm so sorry. I was supposed to see Kim first."

	"She won't be back for a while. She has a class on tinting now."

	"Kim wanted to be first. She bought a midterm celebration package from
us. I was supposed to see her first."

	"What you mean?"

	"Can I come into your room? We can discuss it there."

	"Okay."

	"By the way, my name is Clarissa."

	As has already been demonstrated, Clarissa was an expert at spinning
lies. She soon had the beautiful brunette convinced that Kim had paid a company
to come to dress the four roommates as slave girls.

	"We offer a unique stress reliever."

	Karen, of course, had the usual worries. Clarissa smiled politely as she
repeated the story they had worked out the night before. It was not original,
but Karen had never heard it before. She sat in the chair at the desk with her
lips in a doubting pout as she listened to the Amazon's story.

	As she finished the tale, Clarissa pulled a small pink bundle from her
bag. Untying the string about it, she allowed the cloth to fall open. Something
pink fell to the floor. Clarissa held the remaining item with fingers of both
hands.

	"Haven't you always wondered what you would look like in a slave girl's
miniskirt?"

	Of course she had. She should have turned and run at that point, but the
Amazons had worked out their plans carefully. Karen, they all believed, was the
one most likely to try on a slave girl's outfit. From experience, they knew that
once they had one woman dressed and bound, the others would follow quickly.

	The beautiful brunette gently grabbed the hem with one hand. Two fingers
felt the luxurious material. Slowly her tongue rubbed across her lower lip. Of
course, she would like to wear that, any woman would.

	"I don't know..."

	Clarissa folded up the miniskirt.

	"Well, if you're not interested...Kim did prepay," she said as she
squatted to retrieve the remainder of the outfit from the floor.

	"Maybe I'll try it out. I don't have to go outside the room, do I?"

	"Of course not. We offer a confidential service. There are several women
who would be willing to testify, but of course they won't. All I will say is
that this is not my first time in this dorm."

	A true statement. While the four roommates had been at dinner the night
before, she had checked the corridor and the room. Debbie provided the passkey.

	"You mean Lexi's birthday...?"

	"Sorry. We maintain complete confidentiality."

	"Could I try it on alone? By myself?"

	"Certainly. I don't have a problem with that. This is the skirt. These
are the panties. I guess you want to put them on before the skirt. And here is
your halter top. Here are the shoes. You probably want to put them on last. I'll
just step outside."

	Once Clarissa was out of her room, Karen closed and locked door.
Carefully she examined the three thin garments before laying them out on her
bed.

	Stripping off her clothes, she pulled on the pink satin panties. She
knew slave girls usually wore bikini panties, held at the hip by small bows so
they could be easily removed. Except for the material, these were almost normal
briefs. Okay, they were tight, very tight, and cut to fit the curve of her
bottom and hips.

	The luscious coed wondered what she looked like and wished there was a
full-length mirror in the room. She knew where Joan had a large mirror. She
propped it up on the desk so she could see herself.

	Karen liked what she saw.

	The pleated miniskirt was next. Wrapping it about her body, she hooked
it at the waist and then fastened the four little pearl buttons from the waist
to the hem. She knew that the slightest tug on the skirt would cause those
buttons to come undone. Still, she wanted to try it on.

	"Well, I certainly look good."

	That left only the shoes and halter top to put on. Naturally, she chose
the halter top next. The item was similar to a bra, but lacked the support. Her
large bosom were soon covered by the satin cups. As she turned toward the
mirror, she felt her boobs wiggle. The satin triangles lifted the supple mounds
to give her tremendous cleavage, but provided little support.

	Intrigued at what she felt when she moved, she placed both hands behind
her head and moved her shoulders back at forth. Her large boobs wiggled to and
fro.

	"I would make one beautiful slave girl."

	That was something she might say to herself, but nothing she would ever
admit in public.

	The beautiful brunette sat on the edge of the bed to put on the high
heeled sandals. She slipped her foot in the left one. "How do they ever walk in
these?" she muttered to herself as she arched her foot to fit it in. One strap
went across the top of her foot, another around her ankle. Once she had both
straps done, she lifted her leg in the air and shook it to see if the shoe was
loose. She placed her feet back on the floor knowing the shoe would not come off
without the straps being undone first. When she had the shoe on her left foot,
she stood up.

	She made her way to the mirror, but could see little. Tilting the mirror
down, she admired her lower body. Those sandals with the 15 centimeter stiletto
heels made her legs look even more shapely than they naturally were. Pouting
because of the inconvenience of moving around in those spike high heels, she
hobbled toward the door, doing her best to keep from turning an ankle.

	"Clarissa?"

	"Yes?"

	"Are you alone?"

	"Yes. Are you dressed?"

	"I don't know if dressed is the right word for this."

	Opening the door a few centimeters to admit the older woman, she closed
it and locked it once Clarissa was inside.

	"I wonder how a slave girl can walk around in these things."

	"Slave girls have a natural talent for things like sandals with spike
heels. That is how we can tell the difference between a free woman and a woman
who should be a slave girl."

	"You mean, uh."

	"If you were meant to be a slave girl you would be moving around like a
gazelle in those shoes. Are you ready for the next step?"	

	They were on the tight schedule. Clarissa had to get the beautiful
brunette bound and gagged before her next roommate returned.

	Karen used both hands to lift her large bosom.

	"This outfit certainly makes a girl feel sexy."

	"That is why our service is so popular. You get to act like a slave girl
without any risk. There is one more thing."

	With that, the Amazon began pulling pins from Karen's hair. "Shake you
head." Once the beautiful coed did that, her tresses flowed down about her
shoulders. "Here, look at yourself in the mirror."

	Clarissa tried not to appear impatient as the young woman admired the
way she looked. Timing was important because they wanted to get Karen first.
Once they had her dressed as a slave girl, bound, and gagged, they knew they
could get to the others to follow. Karen was extremely beautiful but not too
bright. They figured if they could get the dumbest coed bound first, the others
would follow willingly.

	"Since you are having trouble with the high heels, why don't we start
with something prone."

	"What?"

	"You start out lying on the bed."

	"Oh."

	Clarissa pulled a spandex single glove from her sack.

	"What's that?"

	"This is a single glove. You get the feel of being tied up without
having ropes or chains on your wrists."

	She saw from the frown on the beautiful woman's face that Karen was not
enthusiastic about being rendered helpless. They had decided that none of the
four roommates would be overjoyed at the thought of being bound and gagged. A
single glove seemed to be the best way to get them bound without making it too
apparent.

	"Here. Feel it. It's cloth. It's just like wearing tight clothing."

	Karen continued to frown as she stepped forward. It was material,
stretchy material, but material nonetheless. It would be like wearing tight
sleeves.

	"I'll try it on you while you are laying on the bed. If you feel
uncomfortable, or don't like it, I'll remove it."

	Karen thought about it for the few seconds. She was dressed as a slave
girl, so she thought she might as well go all the way.

	"Okay, if you promise to let me go if I ask."

	"Of course."

	The beautiful brunette followed the Amazon's instructions. She turned
away from the woman with her hands clasped together behind her back. Clarissa
pulled the bondage item up the young woman's arms to a point two or three
centimeters above the elbow. A pair of spandex straps dangled down from the top.
She pulled the one on Karen's right across her back to the left shoulder. It
passed over the shoulder and under her left arm. The Amazon snapped the end of
the strap to the single glove on the left side. She repeated the process with
the other strap, pulling it up over Karen's right shoulder and down under her
right arm.

	Though she had it on the young coed, the single glove was loose.
Clarissa started at the bottom and pulled the lacings tight.

	"This isn't too tight for you, is it?"

	She did not have to make it really tight because she knew the young
woman could not escape. She needed her cooperation for a few more minutes.

	"No, it's okay. I don't have much movement, but it's not extremely
tight."

	Once Clarissa had the gag on Karen, it would be too late for her to
resist.

	"Lay face down on that bed facing the wall."

	From her bag, Clarissa pulled out the next bondage device. This one
consisted of a strap at the end of a short chain. Sitting on the edge of the bed
next to Karen, she bent the brunette's legs up so her feet pointed toward the
ceiling. She fastened the strap about the young woman's ankles. Then pulling her
feet back toward the coed's head, she attached the end of the chain to the ring
at the end of the single glove.

	"That isn't too bad, it is it?"

	"I guess not." Clarissa could tell that Karen was having second
thoughts.

	"Open your mouth. Here is a special treat."

	"What?."

	As soon as the beautiful woman opened her mouth, the Amazon pushed the
bladder of the gag in. Karen started to struggle but by then it was much was too
late. Clarissa pulled the ends of the device behind the woman's head and
fastened them together. She then bent Karen's legs again to create slack in the
chain. With one hand, she unhooked it from the single glove. Switching hands,
she held the chain with her right while her left raised Karen's head in the air.
Her hand slid to the end so she held the hook. Quickly she attached it to a ring
on the strap.

	The Amazon took a firm grasp of the chain and jerked it once, twice,
thrice.

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Karen had discovered the awful truth about that deflated bladder in her
mouth. The pump was attached to the inside of the strap holding the bladder in
her mouth. Every time Clarissa jerked on the chain, the pump put a little more
air into the bladder.

	"Go ahead and thrash around. That is part of my plan."

	Karen had already discovered that she could not get her hands free. The
single glove shifted from left to right as she squirmed about on the bed. It was
inevitable that she try to break the chain to get her legs loose. Drawing her
feet back toward her head, she jerked them down suddenly. The chain did not
break but it did work the pump. The bladder inflated a little more in her mouth
but the beautiful captive did not realize that yet. She jerked her legs down
five or six times.

	"Mmmffftttt!!"

	The grunt of protest was muffled. The bladder filled the beautiful
captive's mouth now. She could now make a muffled grunt.

	"Come on, Karen, try some more. Give it that good old college try."

	Not trusting the helpless captive to do what she said, she jerked on the
chain twice more.

	"Mmmmm."

	"Good girl."

	She patted Karen on top the head.

	The Amazon sat back to wait for Joan.




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilo

Chapter 53

	While Clarissa was content to sit back to await the arrival of the next
roommate, Karen was not. She struggled some, accomplishing nothing more than
pumping more air into the bladder. The gag effectively filled her mouth but was
not yet painful.

	Joan arrived with her arms full of books. She saw a strange woman
sitting at the desk but did not notice Karen until Clarissa pointed to her.

	She explained what was going on, using the same story as before, only
this time it was Karen who had made the arrangements for Clarissa to be there.
Joan saw Karen laying quietly on the bed. She had to think her beautiful
roommate enjoyed this because she did not seem to be trying to escape. Karen had
learned by then that struggling only caused the gag to grow larger in her mouth.
The only thing she could do was remain motionless.

	"What am I supposed to do?" the blue-eyed blonde asked.

	Clarissa suppressed a smile until Joan bent over while removing her
slacks.

	In seconds, the coed stripped down to bare flesh. Clarissa sat in a
chair watching Karen as the second roommate donned the slave girl outfit. The
fact that the blonde was willing to strip down with someone else in the room
told the Amazon something about Joan. Clarissa wondered if this beautiful coed
had been bond as a slave girl before.

	Clarissa handed the young woman the items one at a time. It took Joan
only a few minutes to dress.

	"Do you want to take a look at yourself before we proceed? That is part
of the fun, you know, looking at yourself. You know what you would look like as
a slave girl, but no one else does."

	"You do."

	"I have seen so many..." Clarissa said, rolling her eyes toward the
ceiling. She was beginning to dislike Joan's attitude. She would have to ensure
this blonde spent a lot of time servicing her.

	After looking at herself for several minutes, Joan allowed the older
woman to fasten the single glove on her arms. Less than fifteen minutes after
she entered the room, the blonde lay on the bed beside Karen with an inflated
bladder gag in her mouth. Clarissa pumped her bound legs forward and back to
inflate the bladder so this captive could not make a sound.

	Both coeds knew they had been tricked, but it was far too late for them
to do anything about it. Joan learned, as Karen had, that struggling only made
the bondage more uncomfortable. They could only hope Sue and Kim would not fall
into the trap as they had.

	Kim arrived next. Of the four roommates, she was most sophisticated.
She, and Sue, were the ones most likely to refuse to be bound. As Kim came down
the hall, Moire and Clara followed. They tried to appear inconspicuous as they
waited outside the room. If Kim did not go along with the plan, the two would
overpower her.

	The brunette looked suspiciously at her two roommates laying on the bad
and wondered if this was a good idea.

	"You don't see them struggling or moaning to get loose do you?"

	"I don't know."

	She had not refused. Clarissa knew it was a matter of getting her to say
"yes."

	"This is the latest fad of the chic set. Haven't you seen me in the
halls around here? I've seen you. This is my third set of roommates this week. I
have two more scheduled for tomorrow. "

	What can we say? Kim ended up on the bed on Joan's left. She struggled
at first as the others had. The inflated bladder gag quickly silenced her too.

	That left only Sue. Clarissa signaled the others that Kim was bound.
They retreated up the hall to keep an eye out for the beautiful brunette.

	Of the four roommates, Sue was the smartest. She was also the most
beautiful. That was a most frustrating combination for the Amazons.

	The remaining coed arrived shortly after the Amazon closed the door.
Clarissa had to work hard to keep from laughing as Sue offered no resistance.
When she had finished telling her story, Sue replied with an enthusiastic,
"Okay. Do I take off my clothes first?"

	In less time then it took to secure any of the other three roommates,
Clarissa had her laying on the bed.

	An inflated bladder gag in a woman's mouth becomes quite painful after a
few minutes. Clarissa crawled up on the bed between Karen and Joan so she could
press a valve that released air from the rubber bladder in their mouths. She
left it partially inflated as a reminder to them what the gag could do.

	"If I hear a peep out of either of you two, I'm going to blow those gags
up even bigger than they were before. And believe me, you don't want that to
happen."

	She crawled off the bed and moved toward Kim and Sue. She lay on the bed
between them.

	"You two haven't learned how painful that gag can be so I'm going to
leave it in for now."

	She crawled off the bed and turned toward the door.

	"Well. I have to see about arranging for your shipment. Now don't run
off."

	With that, she left, closing and locking the door behind her. She did
not want anyone to accidently stumble in on the plight of these coeds.

	So what did the four captive beauties do while they were alone? Karen
and Joan were too afraid of Clarissa's threat about inflating the gags. They
squirmed around a little to see if they could get their arms out of the single
glove, but made no serious effort to escape. Their arms moved side-to-side
without gaining any freedom.

	Kim and Sue did not struggle much either. They knew already that
fighting their bondage only caused the bladder to grow larger in their mouths.

	When Clarissa returned, she found the four in the same position they had
been when she left

	"Start on that end," Clarissa ordered, pointing at Karen.

	They pulled the helpless brunette off the bed and onto her knees on the
floor. As they moved her to the floor, the pump inflated the bladder in her
mouth.

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	"Oh, it's going to get much worse than this."

	While Moire and Clara maneuvered the beautiful captive off the bed,
Clarissa dropped a large piece of leather on the floor. Quickly she pulled the
edges out so it was flat.

	The helpless beauty looked down at the leather beneath her knees and
wondered how they were going to use that to torment her further.

	The leather slave hood was next. Most slave hoods were a mundane black.
This one was different. Painted on the lower part was an oversized pair of lips
in a perpetual pout. This hood had oval eyeholes so the captive could see.
Painted around the eyeholes were kewpie doll eyes. The eyeholes formed the
pupils of the comic eyes.

	Clarissa held it up for Karen to see.

	"All your friends are going to see this on your head. I don't think
anyone is going to have the slightest desire to help you."

	They pulled the black leather slave hood over her head. Okay, Karen
twisted her head about to try to stop them, but it did no good. Her nose fit
through a triangular hole in the center. Carefully they adjusted the placement
of the hood so her nose stuck through. Only her eyes and nose would be visible
after they had pulled the straps together about her neck and the back of her
head.

	Because of the eyeholes, Karen could see what was in front of her,
though no one could see enough of her face to recognize her.

	A broad leather collar went about her neck. This forced her to keep her
head erect and made it impossible for her to turn it to either side. She could
still see, but only what was in front of her.

	Clarissa was not finished humiliating her helpless captive. With a nod
of her head, she told Moire to hold the young woman's head steady by placing a
hand on each side. The Amazon then attached to the brunette's nose a golden ring
from which hung a bell. When Karen struggled more air pumped into the bladder in
her mouth, and the bell hanging from her nose jangled.

	They next pulled the sections of the slave sack up, zipping the pieces
together from the bottom to the top. Each section was narrower at the ends than
in the middle so they could fit it snugly about Karen's neck, forming a leather
ball about the kneeling captive. A small padlock secured each zipper to the
strap about the captive's neck.

	When they were done, no one would recognize Karen. All they would see
was another slave girl bundled up for shipment.

	"Let's hurry. The sooner we get back to the compound, the sooner we get
to play with them."

	Clarissa dragged the slave sack and its luscious contents across the
floor toward the door. The Amazon left her facing the wall a meter short of the
exit from the room. When she turned, Moire and Clara had Joan kneeling on the
edge of the bed.

	The blue-eyed beauty made no effort to resist as they secured her in the
slave sack with the slave hood over her head. She ended up on the floor next to
Karen. Kim followed and then Sue.

	"See if the coast is clear," Clarissa ordered.

	The Amazon opened the door in a few centimeters. Seeing no one
immediately in front of the door she stuck her head out, then drew it back in
and closed the door.

	"There are a couple of girls in the hallway talking."

	"We can wait."

	This was a signal for the four captives began squirming and grunting.
The bladders within each mouth grew larger with each jerk. The bell dangling
from each nose jingled.

	Clarissa smiled at her new acquisitions.

	"Once we have you in the hall, I am going to give the four of you a
great chance to escape. Don't waste all of your energy now. Save some for
later."

	"Okay, it's clear."

	They dragged each slave sack into the hall. With each head completely
covered in leather, no one could tell who was who. No one could tell that the
woman within that bondage device was not a legal slave girl.

	"Pump up the gags."

	Each Amazon placed a hand on the front of the slave hood and another on
the back of the captive's neck. By pressing the two together, they pumped air
into the bladder gag, filling each coed's mouth. Of course the captives grunted
their displeasure. The Amazons continued pumping until they could hear no more
sounds.

	Once they were done, Moire and Clara started down the hall. Clarissa
worked on Sue's gag while she explained to the four what would happen next.

	"We are going to leave you here in the hall while we arrange
transportation. I am certain that you can attract attention of some of your
friends to get them to release you. All you have to do is get someone to open up
the slave sack and take off the slave hood and they will know it is you."

	Of course the Amazons did not take chances. Though Clarissa told them
that the slave hood and slave sacks could come off, the padlocks securing the
zippers to collars insured they did not.

	"Let me see what is taking them so long."

	Inside the slave sack, Sue struggled a little. Only twice did she
trigger the pump. When she heard voices coming from her left, she tried to turn
her head in that direction but the broad leather collar about her neck kept her
from doing that. She could not see who it was until they were directly in front
of her.

	It was two coeds from the room across the hall, Lisa and Pam. Sue
grunted to get their attention, but the gag in her mouth muffled the sounds so
they could not hear her. She tried to squirm around but discovered that she
could not alter her position. Twice more the pump sent more air into the
bladder. The bell dangling from her nose tingled with each little jerk.

	"So that trollop says to me, 'Why do you want to be a cosmetologist?'"

	"How did you answer."

	"I told her this was the true path to happiness."

	During the giggles they noticed the four bundles against the wall.

	"Look, new hired help!"

	More giggles.

	"Once I get a job, I'm gonna buy me one of those."

	"Maybe a brace."

	"Yeah, maybe a brace."

	Sue could only stare back. The two seemed in no hurry to move on. The
captive coed could do nothing to get them to come closer to look to see who was
in that slave sack and hood.

	More friends and acquaintances came down the hall. One or two of them
commented about slave girls being packaged up in the hall. No one paid them any
attention. The four captive beauties became to appreciate the helplessness of
their situation.

	"Are these the ones?"

	"Check the shipping label."

	Sue recognized Clarissa's voice. She had not realized until then that
there was a shipping tag attached to the collar at her throat. They were being
treated as mere baggage.

	"Yep. This is one of them. And this one too. I guess the others are
also."

	"Help me get them on the cart and we will start off."

	The four captives could not see that the cart was drawn by a pair of
slave girls wearing pony girl outfits. Had they known they could become beasts
of burden, they would have tried to escape even more, but, of course, escape was
impossible.

	Sue and Joan were the first two placed on the cart and taken down the
hall. The two had no idea where they were being taken. All they could do was
stare at the hall behind them. At first they recognized the hallways, but after
a few turns they were in an unfamiliar part of the college.

	"Backup. Backup. Backup. Slowly. Just a little more. Stop."

	The Amazons dragged the two bundled captives into the back of the wagon
and unceremoniously deposited them on the bed. In a few minutes they had all
four locked in. They added the ponygirls.

	"You two go on ahead," Clarissa announced.

	"Aren't you going to join in on the fun. I heard Cathy has something
special planned."

	"I have this apartment rented. Not under my name, of course. There is
this waitress who deserves a lesson on service."

	So, the two started off in the wagon drawn by sixteen slave girls. After
traveling a short distance, they spied a familiar figure.

	"Hey, look. There's Canjac. I wonder what he is up to."

	"I don't know. I wonder if he's breaking in a new ponygirl."

	They turned down a street, leaving Canjac going in another direction.




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilo

Chapter 54	

The lookouts at the back door recognized the ponygirl team prancing down the
alley toward them. It took two of them to open the huge double doors even with
the help of a pulley system. The wagon, drawn by the sixteen ponygirls, came to
a stop inside beside a door leading to the main training area. Eight slave
girls, dressed as French Maids, and harnessed in pairs, dragged the four slave
sacks into the training room.  The eight found themselves tethered to rings
along one wall. These slave girls would wait there until the Amazons needed
them.

	They had earned their little black satin outfits. They would love the
chance to show a mistress how glad they were to be slave girls.

	Cathy paced back and forth before the four slave sacks, slapping a
switch against her right thigh.

	"Where is Clarissa? I'm ready to get started."

	"She said something about some waitress. This waitress did something a
few days ago to get her mad."

	"Oh, yeah. She rented an apartment somewhere. She told me something
about that."

	"Can we go on without her?"	

	"Why not."

	"So? What do you have planned?"

	Cathy smiled. She was in her milieu. Inflicting pain on young women was
her favorite pastime. "First we need a volunteer."

	She walked back and forth, stopping at the third sack from her right.
She poked the contents with the toe of her boot. "We have a volunteer here."

	"Drag her over there so she can watch the others."

	None of the Amazons knew what Cathy planned, but she was always
successful ain forcing a woman to submit, and to become most submissive quickly.
No one was going to argue.

	They removed the collar from the top of the slave sack so they could
pull the zippers down. It was not until they pulled the slave hood off to reveal
the unlucky captive.

	Kim looked up at Cathy with fear in her eyes. (We already pointed out
that she was smart.)

	"Bring her to her feet."

	Quickly they removed enough of her bondage so they could drag her
upright.

	"Well, can, I guess you are the lucky one. You get to watch for a while.
Bring her over here."

	Two Amazons dragged the auburn-haired beauty across the room where there
was a set of pipes holding a pillory. Cathy held the beautiful captive by her
hair while an Amazon hurried to remove part of the device. The Amazon pushed Kim
forward until her throat was against the central grove of the board. Another
Amazon brought the other board. The two pieces locked together automatically.
The Amazons attached locks to insure the pieces did not come apart.

	The beautiful coed could now only stand there. They still had her bound
with the single glove. With her head locked in a standing pillory, she could not
run off.

	"Kim, if you are a really good girl, I'll take that nasty balloon gag
out of your mouth and replace it with this yummy ballgag. We pull the gag out
and you stand there with your mouth open. One peep out of you and I blow that
gag really big. Will you behave?"

	The captive beauty nodded.

	Quickly the Amazon deflated the bladder in the young woman's mouth
before unbuckling the strap holding it in her mouth.

	"Keep your mouth open." Cathy warned again.

	She pulled the inflatable bladder from the slave girl's mouth and shoved
a bright red rubber ball in. Standing in front of the captive, she pulled the
ends of the leather strap behind Kim's head under her long tresses. There was no
need to see as she had done this so many times before. Her hands found the ends
of the strap so she could buckle them together.

	"Get one of the maids."

	The Amazon nearest the wall untethered the first French Maid, attaching
a leash to guide her across the room. Cathy signaled for her to remove the slave
girl's bondage.

	"Take her clothes off," she ordered, gesturing at Kim. "Be quick about
it, or you may find yourself in her place."

	No slave girl had achieved the esteem status of French Maid without
being totally submissive. She leaped at the opportunity to show her mistresses
just how obedient she was.

	Slave girl outfits were designed so someone could put them or remove
them from a bound captive without removing the bondage. The French Maid easily
stripped Kim down to a garter belt and stockings. Before she finished, Cathy
returned with a posture collar.

	"You know how this goes," she said, tossing it to the French Maid.

	When she finished, the beautiful woman could only stare straight ahead.

	"Now secure her legs as far apart as they go."

	The French Maid knelt before Kim. Grabbing the naked captive's left foot
with both hands, she dragged it across the floor. Of course, Kim tried to
resist, but she still wore those high-heeled sandals. The spike high heel slid
across the floor. The French Maid fastened a leather cuff about Kim's left
ankle.  A short chain connected it to a ring on the vertical post.

	As the French Maid shifted to her left, Kim moved her right foot over in
the desired direction. Resisting would gain her nothing. The French Maid quickly
fastened a cuff about that ankle.

	With her legs spread apart, Kim's weight came down so her chin rested on
the front board of the pillory.

	Cathy moved around behind the kneeling slave girl so she could grab a
handful of hair. Pulling back and down, she forced the submissive captive to
look up at her.

	"I'm going to take that ballgag out of your mouth. I want you to use
that cute little tongue of yours to excite our little slave girl here. Keep her
aroused, but don't let her come. I don't want her worn out before the fun
begins. If she comes, then you can replace her."

	Cathy pushed the slave girl's head down. She used one hand to flick half
the long tresses to the right, the other half to the left. This made the buckle
visible. Once she had it undone, she pulled back on a fistful of hair so the
captive had to bend her head back. Cathy pulled the ballgag free of her mouth.

	Grabbing a fistful of hair with her right hand, she repeated the
warning, "Make her come and you will be very sorry."

	The slave girl crawled forward a meter so she was between Kim's spread
legs. Putting her head back, she slid forward a few more centimeters. The young
coed's pussy was immediately above her mouth. Using her tongue, she soon had the
naked captive aroused.

	Then she stopped.

	"Mmmmmffftt!"

	A cry of anguish came from Kim. The kneeling slave girl aroused, but did
not permit her to come.

	Kim thought she would rather be paddled.

	The Amazons by then had turned their attention to the other three
captives. Her roommates had watched motionlessly as Kim's fate developed. When
Cathy walked across the room toward them, they began to struggle again. Air
pumped into partially-inflated bladder gags. These expandable gags would quickly
become painful, but the three did not worry about that now.

	There was no need for subtly or contemplation. Cathy pointed toward the
first slave sack.

	"Get her out and we can get started."

	The leather collar came off first so they could pull the zippers down.
Moire and Clare knew it was Joan from blonde tresses before they had the slave
hood off. While one Amazon removed the neck strap, another removed the ring to
her nose.

	They dragged Joan across the floor to a set of three pillories. The
blonde tried to resist but she still wore the single glove so it did no good.
One Amazon gestured toward the woman's bottom, indicating to Kathy that she
deserved a swat for her attempted resistance, but the tall Amazon shook her
head. She wanted the first blow to be a shock, to be something totally
unexpected. Joan expected some form of punishment for resisting.

	As an Amazon removed the singleglove, another prepared the next step.
The beautiful coed found herself being pulled toward the open pillory. They bent
her forward so they had her throat against the large center groove and her
wrists in the smaller ones on each side. The upper board came down. Even before
they applied the padlocks, Joan was incapable of escaping.

	"Let's give her a little test to see if she really was meant to be a
slave girl."

	With a wave of her hand she signaled for them to bring another French
Maid over. While that captive trotted to her behind a mistress, Cathy removed
Joan's panties.

	In seconds, the French Maid found herself on her knees behind Joan, her
face against the bare bottomcheeks, the tip of her tongue reaching for the
blonde's pussy.

	Cathy patted Joan's hid while she waited.

	"Mmmmmmffffffft!!"

	It was not a long wait. 

	The blonde had achieved an orgasm.

	"I guess you know what that means."

	She patted the kneeling slave girl on top her head.

	"I did not tell you to stop."

	The Amazons knew no woman could resist the tongue of a well-trained
slave girl for more than a few seconds. No Amazon could last more than a few
seconds. Some could last longer than others, but the result would be the same.

	The Amazons knew this but Joan didn't. She thought she had failed. No,
she had passed a test that meant she was born to be a slave girl.

	Now that they had her convinced in her own mind, forcing her to beg for
a collar would be anticlimactic.

	One at a time, they dragged the other two over to the pillories on
Joan's left. They put each to the same test. Each failed.

	"I guess it is true what they say about coeds," Cathy said with a
chuckle. The other Amazons laughed out loud.

	Only Kim had not come yet and she wanted to. She squirmed around in her
bondage.

	Now there was no doubt in the minds of anyone that all four of the
beautiful coeds were destined for a severe spanking. No not just a "severe
spanking," they were destined for a truly memorable fanny beating. Cathy was not
the only Amazons who enjoyed pounding the bare ass of the wall. Everyone wanted
to have a go at the new slave girls.

	Cathy liked to vary the way she beat women into begging for a slave
collar. This was all a game in which all knew the outcome, the only difference
was how they achieved that end. The four captive coeds were destined to be slave
girls whether they wanted it or not. The only question was how much pain their
bottoms would suffer before Cathy gave them permission to submit.

	Once she had the other three secured, Cathy turned her attention back to
Kim for the moment. The auburn-haired beauty closed her eyes in frustration as
the French Maid stopped licking her again. She wanted to come badly. Cathy
played with the French Maid's hair as she stared at Kim's bare titties.

	"I guess you just can't wait to wear a collar."

	She smiled at Kim as though she sympathized with her plight. A pat on
the head told the kneeling slave girl she did a good job.

	Cathy turned her attention back to the other three. They would submit
first. Kim would be last. She had it all planned. She chose Karen to begin.

	The first order of business was to hold a collar before her face.
Karen's eyes grew wide with fright. She then moved her head about a little to
look in the Amazon's direction, then back at the collar.

	"You can go about this two ways, Karen. We can beat your ass for a week
and a half. There are many, many Amazons here who would love to paddle your
fanny. We could have you begging for a collar in a few minutes but it would be
more fun to leave that gag in your mouth and continue spanking."

	Cathy paused to walk to the far wall where there were several racks with
switches, paddles, canes, crops and whips. Selecting a small paddle, she moved
back to the pillories, slapping the paddle against her right thigh.

	She rubbed the paddle against Karen's bottom in a circular motion.

	"Are you thinking about your choices, Karen?"

	She motioned for them to bring the captive coed along.

	The Amazon pulled a sturdy chair over to a point directly behind the
pillories. (Seated on it, she could see the bottoms of the remaining two
captives as they squirmed through one orgasm after another.) The chairs were in
this room for the purpose Cathy intended to use this one for. She turned it so
when she sat in it, she faced the pillories. They had Karen a few meters before
her. The Amazon motioned for them to force the brunette to her knees.

	That left the captive's face level with Cathy's knees.

	"Do you want to avoid a spanking, Karen?"




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilo

Chapter 55



	"Do you want to avoid a spanking, Karen?"

	The beautiful brunette nodded slowly.

	Cathy extended her left hand to place the tip of her index finger on the
captive's nose. Her right hand held the paddle.

	"I would like nothing better than to spank your ass until my arm grows
tired. You have to convince me a spanking isn't necessary. Do you know what the
function of a slave girl is?"

	Karen nodded.

	"Are you willing to show me you don't need a spanking?"

	As she said that, she slapped the paddle into an open palm. No one could
miss the threat, not even someone as dumb as the kneeling brunette.

	Karen nodded again, more enthusiastically than before.

	"Crawl forward."

	Cathy spread her legs so the brunette could move closer.

	"What is she up to?" one Amazon whispered to another. They all knew
Cathy. She liked nothing better than using a switch or paddle on a woman's
bottom.

	"Humor her," came the whispered reply.

	Cathy leaned forward so she could reach the buckle of the strap holding
the gag in Karen's mouth. Pushing the working end of the strap through the
buckle, she soon had the ends of the strap free. She pulled the ends toward her
at the same time with both hands, jerking the gag from the brunette's mouth.

	The next step was to unbuckle her own crotch strap. Raising herself off
the seat, she pulled it back so her own pussy was visible.

	"What do you want to do?"

	"What?"

	"Don't play dumb now. Your tongue. My pussy. Tell me what you want to
do?"

	"I-I-I want to lick your pussy"

	"Ask."

	"P-please let me lick your pussy."

	"Beg for it."

	"P-p-please, please let me lick your pussy."

	"Go ahead."

	The brunette captive leaned forward. A few centimeters from her target,
she paused. Cathy could not tolerate resistance from a slave girl (or a future
slave girl). She placed both hands on the back of her head to pull Karen's face
into her pussy. The coed's tongue performed the job Cathy demanded, but she did
not do it well. The Amazon did not care. Karen would learn to do it right, and
with a little encouragement, she would do it with much ardor.

	She signaled for her friends to hand her a leather slave collar. Placing
the palm of her left hand against Karen's forehead, she pushed her head back.

	Karen looked up at her, her luscious lips parted a centimeter or two.

	"Now, here is your next test. You get to decide just how much you want
to avoid a really bad spanking," Cathy held the slave collar in front of the
brunette's face with both hands. Her index fingers pointed to the center. "You
put your throat here, or you get a paddling from everyone here."

	Karen had no idea how many women were there, but she was certain her ass
would not hold up to the sustained punishment the Amazons could give her. She
nodded, then moved her head forward when the Amazon lowered the collar to throat
level.

	Cathy slipped the collar around the beautiful young woman's neck, then
pushed her face down to reveal the nape of her neck. Cathy needed only seconds
to get the ends buckled together. When she was done, she pushed Karen's head
back, holding it there by a strong grip on the coed's long tresses.

	"Now I want you to use your tongue to thank me for turning you into a
slave girl."

	Karen had done it before to Cathy so she knew what to do. The only
difference now was that she wore the collar of a slave girl. That collar about
her neck told everyone that she existed only to bring pleasure to others.

	Cathy could tell her captive's tongue was becoming tired. She  smiled as
she looked down. The beautiful brunette had a lot more licking to do before the
night was over.

	"Not bad for the first time," she said as she pulled Karen's head up and
pushed it back. The brunette looked at the ceiling with her lips slightly
parted. Cathy wedged the bright red rubber ball between the young woman's teeth.
She pulled the strap over her head. The Amazon had no need to make it tight as
the gag would not be in her mouth long.

	Cathy gestured to her left.

	"Darcy, pull up a seat. Let our little bimbo friend here show you how
much she enjoys being a slave girl."

	The Amazon gripped Karen's chin with her left hand.

	"Crawl over there and please her."

	Cathy waited until the captive had turned her back to her before rising.
As she turned toward Kim, she winked.

	"What is that bitch up to?" someone whispered.

	Kim did not notice the mistress's approach until Cathy grabbed a handful
of hair to insure she had the captive's undivided attention.

	"Having fun, Kim? There is a lot more where this came from." Looking
over her left shoulder, she said in a loud voice, "Let's get a fresh tongue over
here for Kim."

	The captive beauty could only stand helpless with her legs spread. Cathy
waited  until a new slave girl had her mouth planted on Kim's pussy before
moving to Sue.

	"I guess you would like the opportunity to perform without being
spanking, wouldn't you?" She slapped the beautiful brunette on the edge of her
right bottomcheek. Sue grunted a reply. "Too bad I'm not going to give you the
chance."

	She had the paddle ready, the one she used to threaten Karen. She placed
her left hand on the brunette's lower back to steady her aim. The slave girl
kneeling behind Sue still had her tongue inside the coed. The captive's bottom
wiggled back and forth as she approached another orgasm.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmffffftttttt!!"

	Sue grunted her pain. Bound as she was, there was nothing else she could
do. Her hands wiggled back and forth but the holes formed by the boards were
much too small for her to extract them.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmffffftttttt!!"

	Turning to the others, she asked, "How many blows to her fanny do you
think she will take before she wants to beg for a slave collar.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmffffftttttt!!"

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmffffftttttt!!"

	How many could she take? (Crack! "Mmmmmffffftttttt!!") How many could
any young woman take before she decided she had suffered enough? (Crack!
"Mmmmmffffftttttt!!") The Amazons knew the result was inevitable. (Crack!
"Mmmmmffffftttttt!!") Sue would beg for a slave collar before they were done.

	Several minutes later, Sue knelt on the floor before Cathy. The Amazon
had a slave collar ready, but did not hold it out for the captive to try on.

	"How much did you suffer? Stand up, turn around, bend over, and hold
that position until I tell you to move."

	The beautiful brunette started to rise, lost her balance, and fell to
the floor on her side.

	The Amazons rewarded the effort with raucous laughter.

	Cathy prodded Sue's ankle with the toe of her right boot.

	"Do you really think that little show will keep you from getting a
spanking? Now move!"

	Sue came back to a kneeling position. She had discovered that without
the use of her hands, it was extremely difficult to maintain her balance. As
soon as they had removed her from the pillory, Cathy had directed them to tie
her wrists together behind her back. When she tried to rise a second time, she
over compensated and fell in the other direction. Her knee smashed against the
floor but she did not fall over again. Slowly she came to her feet.

	"Curtsey."

	Sue looked at the mistress with a puzzled look on her face.

	"Curtsey. Show me your respect."

	Slowly she lowered one knee. No much of a curtsey, but it was sufficient
for a beginner.

	"Now turn around."

	The brunette turned, keeping one eye on the door at the far end of the
room. There were a dozen Amazons there and she wore high heeled sandals. She
knew she could not make it halfway across the room before they had her.

	Cathy pulled her disrobing knife out. With a quick flick of her wrist
she cut the rope about the beautiful brunette's wrists.

	"Pull your panties down really slow, and then put your hands on your
knees."

	Sue tucked her thumbs in the waistband of the panties, slowly pushing
them down until they were so low she had completely uncovered her bottom.
Bending over, she presented her bottomcheeks to the woman who had the power to
inflict more punishment on them. With hands on her knees, her legs slightly
bent, she awaited the decision whether she was in for more punishment.

	"They're red, true, but..."

	Cathy heard a sobbing sound coming from the nubile captive. She was
certain Sue would beg for a slave collar to avoid another spanking. The Amazon
wanted to smile.

	"Straighten up. Pull those panties up. Now turn toward me and curtsey
again."

	The brunette obeyed quickly. As Cathy guessed, Sue was willing to do
anything to avoid another spanking.

	"I'm going to give you a series of tests, just to see how much you want
to avoid a paddling. Now curtsey and turned around with your hands crossed
behind your back.'

	Once Sue had done that, Cathy motioned for someone to hand her another
rope. Quickly she tied the captive's wrists together again.

	"Turn around and curtsey again."

	The brunette turned toward Cathy. Once again she curtseyed. This one was
no better than the other had been.

	"I am going to give you an across-the-knee spanking with a bare hand.
Then you are going to thank me for spanking you."

	Cathy pulled the young woman across her lap. Reaching under the short
skirt, she jerked the panties down.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!
Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	Sue tried to take the blows stoically but by the third slap she was
crying through the gag while kicking her legs up and down frantically.

	When she had finished, Cathy shoved the helpless woman on the floor. Sue
lay helplessly bound at her feet. Tears continued to stream down her face.

	"Now, stand up and curtsey."

	Slowly the beautiful woman arose. She curtseyed, wondering if this was
to be the prelude to more spanking.

	"Step forward so you are standing between my legs. "

	Once in this position, the Amazon could pull up Sue's panties.

	"Now kneel."

	Cathy removed the gag.

	"Now thank me for spanking you."

	The "thanks" would be oral, but not verbal.

	The beautiful woman knew what would happen to her if she did not satisfy
her mistress. She was inexperienced, and her tongue quickly grew tired, but she
continued to wiggle it back and forth, up and down, in the Amazon's pussy.

	Cathy gave her the signal to stop by pushing her head back. With one
hand she rammed the rubber ball back into Sue's mouth. She bent the woman's head
forward so she could buckle the ends of the strap behind her head.

	"Now, I have a little present for you."

	The present, of course, was the slave collar. Cathy held it down so Sue
could place her throat against the center of it. In seconds she wore the symbol
of a slave girl.

	Cathy removed the gag again.

	"Now I want you to thank me for turning you into a slave girl."

	Sue pressed her mouth on the Amazon's pussy. Everyone now would consider
her a slave girl. They could punish her for any trivial reason. She knew she had
to obey quickly.

	In a couple minutes, Cathy reinserted the gag. She then pointed to her
left where Darcy sat. Karen was busy servicing another Amazon beyond her.

	"Move over in front of her and curtsey."

	Sue rose, and almost fell over again. She made her way to the next
Amazon and curtseyed.

	Darcy pulled the young woman across her lap. Reaching under the short
skirt, she jerked the panties down.

	Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!
Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

	Sue made no attempt to take the blows stoically but from the beginning
cried through the gag while she kicked her legs up and down frantically.

	When the Amazon finished, Sue used her tongue to thank her for the
spanking. She then moved to her right where another Amazon waited.

	Cathy, meanwhile, had turned her attention to Joan. The tall Amazon did
not offer her the chance to beg for a collar. The paddle landed rapidly on one
cheek and then the other. Cathy stopped only when both were bright red.

	Cathy shared the Amazon's disdain for blondes. Blondes, they believed,
were fit for nothing but a slave collar. She did not have to persuade Joan that
she should be a slave girl. She was a blonde. Slavery was something that came
naturally to her.

	Within a few minutes the blonde wore a collar. She knelt with her face
pressed into Cathy's crotch.

	The Amazons moved more chairs into the room. When Cathy stood, she
motioned for them to move her chair to the end of the line.

	Cathy left the room to get a drink. When she returned, she studied the
scene. The first three captives knelt on the floor, faces pressed into the
crotches of Amazons. One-at-a-time they shifted to the right and had moved along
one wall and part way down the next. The Amazons moved the vacant chair on the
right to the left end of the line. They presented their luscious captives with a
never-ending line of pussies to service.

	After several minutes, Cathy signaled a couple of Amazons to help her
drag a spanking bench forward. This device was two meters long and half a meter
wide. In the center there was a roll of padding half a meter in diameter.

	"There seems to be an inconsistency here."

	She moved over behind Sue. With the toe of her boot she lifted the hem
of the miniskirt.

	"Here, we have a pair of bright red cheeks."

	She stepped forward to Joan.

	"And here we have another pair of red buns."

	That left Karen.

	"But these are pristine white."

	Though the kneeling slave girl could hear what she said, she could not
see Cathy signaled that she wanted the beautiful brunette to stop. The Amazon's
right hand grabbed a fistful of dark tresses to pull the captive's head back. As
Karen opened her mouth to scream, the Amazon wedged the rubber ball in her
mouth. In seconds, Cathy had Karen gagged so effectively that she could not
utter more than a grunt.

	"Drag her over here."

	Two Amazons pulled the young woman to her feet and across the floor.
They dumped her on the spanking bench to her bottom was the highest part of her
body. Cathy knelt on one side to fastened a broad leather strap across her upper
thighs. Other Amazons joined in, one fastening a similar strap across her back
and arms, another across her neck and a third across her ankles.

	They had Karen in the perfect position for a spanking, and the helpless
captive could only wait for her punishment.

	"Bring those other two over here, and untie them."

	They dragged the captives to their feet and across the room. Cathy
signaled for Joan to be positioned on Karen's right, and Sue on her left. The
Amazons cut the ropes binding their hands behind their backs. They still wore
gags, they still wore collars. They were only slave girls.

	"What we have here are a pair of virgin bottomcheeks. Do you think it's
fair that your ass is on fire and she hasn't received a single swat?"

	The two shook their heads.

	"We are going to have a little contest here. You two will spank Karen's
bottom until you think it is brighter redder than yours. When you stop, the
contest is over. You can use either hand. When one arm gets tired, switch over
to the other, and then switch back. Just be certain that when you stop, her
bottom is redder than yours. Begin."

	Karen could not believe that her own roommates would spank her. They
were friends. They were comrades. They were...

	Slapslap!

	"Mmmmmffffffttttt!!"

	The pain was not that great, but the humiliation of being spanking by
her own friends was.

	Slapslap!

	"Mmmmmffffffttttt!!"

	Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap!

	Bound as she was, Karen did not have the luxury of being able to squirm
about.

	Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap!

	"Remember girls, it's Karen's fault that you are in this predicament. If
she had not allowed herself to be bound first, you would not be wearing collars
yourself."

	Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap! Slapslap!

	The tempo of the blows increased and became harder.

	"Mmmmmffffffttttt!!"

	To switch arms, they had to face in the opposite direction. This they
did several times.

	Cathy sat to wait.

	`"How long are you going to let them keep this up?"

	"Until I get tired." That statement brought laughter.

	After half an hour the blows no longer had the force they had at the
beginning.

	"Okay, girls, you're not doing any good. Face in the same direction as
Karen. Bend over. Good. While maintaining that position, pull your panties down
so we can see your bottomcheeks. Then lean up against Karen so we can do a
comparison."

	Were their bottoms redder? It did not matter as Cathy intended for them
to suffer more.

	"Both of you, pull your panties up. I didn't tell you to straighten up."

	Cathy waited until they were done.

	"Okay, Sue. Straighten up and step over here facing in that direction.
Now bend over and grab your ankles."

	The beautiful brunette took the desired position. Bent over, everyone
could see her panties.

	"Come over here, Joan."

	While the blonde moved around the spanking bench, Cathy retrieved her
favorite wooden paddle.

	"That is your target," she said, handing the paddle to the blonde. "One
swat, and you had better make it hard."

	Joan moved about. She really did not know what to. What did she have to
know about using a paddle on a woman's bottom? Holding the paddle with both
hands, she drew it back, then swung it forward.

	Whack!

	Sue jumped forward, straightening up, her hands moving back to her
bottom. Such behavior was unacceptable for a slave girl, but Cathy didn't mind.

	"Okay, Joan. Now you take Sue's place."

	The blonde moved over to where Sue had stood. She stared down at her
feet.

	"Bend over. Grab your ankles. Sue come over here. It's your turn."

	The brunette took the paddle and moved around into the desired position.

	"Remember how much it hurt when she did it to you."

	Sue pulled the paddle back all the way.

	Whack!!

	"Now stand next to Joan. Bend over and pull your panties down. Joan, I
want you to pull yours down too. Hurry! Now hands on your knees."

	Cathy moved closed to Karen. Looking at the other two, she flipped the
paddle forward against the brunette's bottom.

	Whack!!

	She giggled when she saw the two jump. All three were crying.

	Whack!!

	This blow landed on the right side of Karen's right cheek.

	Whack!!

	Now the left cheek.

	Cathy took the paddle in her left hand and with her free right felt the
captive's punished flesh.

	"Hmmmmm! Nice and warm."

	Sue's bottom was next. She jumped when she felt the Amazon's hand on her
sore bottom. Joan did the same.

	Looking around the room, Cathy sought assessment.

	"I would say we have three submissive slave girls here. Any dissenters?"

	All she heard were murmuring of agreement.

	Cathy looked over at Kim and smiled.

	"Next!"




Slave Girls in Bondage


by Kilo


Chapter 56



	Let us digress again.

	After leaving the Amazon compound with her two slave girls in tow,
Sherri hurried across town. Her route took her away from the town square, away
from Canjac's stronghold, toward a section of the town we have not explored yet.

	Her pair of slave girls trotted along behind her at the end of their
leashes. Usually she had to drag them, but this time Janice trotted to keep up
with her. Is there any wonder? While Paulette's leash led to her collar,
Janice's leash led to the largest pussy ring. The slightest tension could be
quite painful. (For that very reason, Sherri tugged on it every few seconds.)

	In route to their destination, the three crossed the Street of Slavers (
known as "Big Boob Boulevard") where many signs encouraged passers-by to stop in
to look at the wares on sale. These were reputable establishments with long
histories of providing delectable slave girls to masters and mistresses. (They
did maintain warehouses outside the city walls where they kept their choice
inventory. A comely wench looking for a special slave girl might be invited out
there to look at the "special" inventory. You can guess what happens next.)

	Sherri's destination lay a few streets beyond in the garment district.
These shops provided quality garments for slave girls. (This was a labor
intensive industry as little material went into the garments.) Turning left down
the street, she passed several stores until she reached one that had a sign in
front reading: "Bridal Bondage Boutique (Bridesmaids a Speciality!)."

	Sherri walked past the entrance (that she knew was reserved from free
men and women). The entrance for slave girls was on the side. Six slave girls
waited there. Two stood against the wall, arms and legs spread, offering their
pussies and bottoms to anyone passing by.

	The other four were tethered to brackets on a chain track. This store
had a total of twelve tracks. Sherri tethered her two slave girls to brackets.
The tether line ran from Paulette's collar to the bracket. The mistress
connected the tether line to the large ring on Janice's pussy. She noted the
numbers above each line, and went inside repeating them to herself to remember
them.

	"You're late," the clerk announced sternly when she saw Sherri.

	"I'm sorry," Sherri apologized insincerely, "I had to make a little
adjustment to one of my slave girls bondage."

	"Go on back. They're waiting for you."

	Sherri had brought Janice and Paulette here for the final fitting for
their bridesmaids dresses. Yes, the big day was rapidly approaching!

	Outside, the two slave girls waited patiently since there was nothing
else they could do. They had been here several times before. They knew the
routine. They were nothing more than slave girls. They would wait until their
mistress needed them.

	A few minutes after Sherri disappeared inside, a chain track jerked into
operation. The bracket over Janice's head moved toward the building, forcing the
beautiful slave girl to follow. Believe it or not, the nubile captive moved
quickly. She doubted Sherri could intentionally jerk her pussy ring, but this
setup was mechanical. No one inside could see what the device did to her.

	As she approached the building, she fell to her knees. The track moved
toward the ground, forcing all captives to crawl into the building. All who
entered this way were slave girls.

	This was positive reinforcement for any slave girl, reminding her of her
servile status.

	Paulette remained outside, staring straight ahead. She heard people
moving behind her but did not dare turn to look.

	Once in a while a person would stop to take advantage of her oversized
chest ornaments. She preferred it when men fondled her massive mammaries. A
woman might be jealous of their size and pinch the nipples. Men, on the other
hand, enjoyed the feel of the pliant flesh. Paulette wished she were bound up
against the wall so men could use her.

	She glanced to her left when she heard the chain moving. Janice appeared
in sight, her knees moving quickly to keep the chain from pulling on her pussy.

	Sherri appeared in sight, exiting the building through the entrance in
front. She acknowledged Paulette's presence by squeezing her right tittie

	"You're next, Dearie."

	Paulette stared at the bracket over her head, waiting for movement so
she could move forward. Sherri though had other priorities for the moment.

	The young mistress concentrated on Janice, first leading to the wall
where two of her sister-slaves waited with legs spread.

	"Spread 'em."

	As soon as the beautiful captive had her legs spread to the desired
width, Sherri squatted to attach a leather cuff to the right ankle. A short
chain to a ring in the concrete made it impossible for Janice to move that leg
to the left. Sherri moved to the other side to repeat the process.

	This left Janice standing with her legs spread, a little more than a
meter from the side of the building. Sherri removed her handcuffs.

	"Hands on the wall."

	Janice had been bound in this position several times before so she knew
what to expect. Her mistress fastened shackles to her wrists so she could not
straighten up. She had to remain bent over, her bare bottom presented to anyone
coming by. Her pussy was available for the use of any man who wanted to use it.

	Wait a minute! Janice's pussy was ringed shut! No man could use it!

	Sherri retrieved a willowy switch from a container near the entrance and
inserted it in a cup in the ground next to Janice's left ankle. No need to make
anyone walk a few steps to do what she wanted them to do to her slave girl.

	The mistress went into the building to oversee Paulette's fitting.

	That left Janice alone in the street. She had been bound in that
helpless positive several times before. Only this time there was a difference.

	The first man who happened along was in a hurry. He had no time to dally
with an available slave girl. Still...

	Crack!

	The little slave girl was not available. The pussy rings kept her labia
locked.

	Crack!

	Perhaps he could afford to spend a few minutes here.

	Crack!

	The slave girl had to be punished.

	Crack!

	She existed for no other reason than to please men.

	Crack!

	With the pussy rings she could not please any man.

	Crack!

	She deserved punishment.

	Crack!.

	He ran his hand over Janice's bare ass. The blows had left red welts all
over her bottom.

	The beautiful brunette sobbed silently as he walked away. She knew any
man would feel obligated to punish her for those pussy rings.

	"At least it's over," she rationalized.

	No sooner had that idea slipped through her mind than another man
approached.

	Like the first, he intended to pass by, that is, until he saw the pussy
rings.

	Crack!

	The slave girl had to be punished.

	Crack!

	Just a few days earlier, when Janice first received her collar, and was
being "gangbanged" in the inn, Clarissa had said, Janice is going to look back
upon this afternoon as the good old days.

	Crack!

	Crack!

	Crack!

	Maybe she was right.

	Crack!

	While Janice eagerly awaits her mistress's return, let's look in on
related scenes occurring about town.

	Toward the center of the town, in an exclusive tea room, Clarissa met
with Robyn for a late lunch.

	"The service here really is superb," Clarissa commented, sipping her
orange pekoe.

	"You know, I work in a place like this," Robyn said.

	"And do a crumby job of taking care of customers," thought the Amazon.
"Oh, really?" she said aloud.

	"Only it's not as nice as this."

	Clarissa signaled for more crumpets. The waitress wore a French Maid's
outfit and a slave collar. The harness she wore kept her elbows secured to her
sides. The silver serving tray  was strapped to her wrists. As she offered the
crumpets to the two, she bent her knees a little and leaned over. Her large,
bare bosom wobbled over the food.

	"I don't know which is more tantalizing," Robyn said, pinching a titty
before selecting another crumpet.

	Clarissa only smiled. Robyn did not remember her. The two were something
more than acquaintances now. She had only to toy with her a little more before
inviting her back to her place for dinner, dinner and a collar.

	At the college of cosmetology, Debbie finishes a job interview.

	"So, when can you start?"

	"Tomorrow," Charlene replied, "If you need me that soon."

	"I do. I don't know what happened to Julie. She was fairly competent
but..." Debbie shrugged, then cupped her hands under her bosom to indicate a
pair even larger than hers (though that is hard to imagine). "I guess what they
say is true: The bigger they are, the dumber they are."

	Charlene glanced at Debbie's oversized mounds and nodded in agreement.

	The buxom brunette frowned as she stared down at Charlene's application.

	"I wonder what happened to Julie," she mumbled under her breath.

	An interesting point of idle speculation.

	Of course, we know what happened to her, but as Debbie asked the
question, where was she?

	Could she be kneeling in some training room, using her tongue to bring
pleasure to a seemingly endless succession of slave girls? Or perhaps she is
impatiently waiting in line for her own turn.

	She might be kneeling in some Amazon's quarters, her arms secured to her
body my myriad black leather straps, a yummy ballgag filling her mouth, a
blindfold over her eyes. When the Amazon returns, Julie will be most anxiously
to thank her.

	She might be dressed as a French Maid, making her way around the
building doing meaningless little chores to show everyone just how servile she
was.

	Or perhaps she is strapped to a wooden horse in some chamber waiting for
the next blow to fall on her bare ass.

	She might even be in that room with the four coeds. Perhaps that was her
face between Karen's or Joan's or Sue's legs. Perhaps she was one of the two
slave girls teasing Kim with her tongue.

	None of that matters though.

	She is only another slave girl.

	Across town Sherri waited patiently for some man to finish whipping
Janice's ass. She smiled broadly and had to work hard to keep from laughing
outloud.

	When the man walked away, she moved up behind Janice to study her
vulnerable bottom. There were dozens of red marks over it where men had punished
Janice for her ringed pussy. (A couple of mistresses stopped also, just to show
their displeasure with the little slave girl's condition).

	"Mmmmffffftttt!"

	The mistress rubbed her hand over her captive's sore bottom.

	"Tell me, Janice. Did you miss me?"

	The beautiful captive nodded vigorously. She wanted her mistress to keep
hold of her leash to protect her.




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilo

Chapter 57


	Kim was in no position to resist as Cathy moved to the next phase of her
submission. The beautiful coed wanted to run, to knock them down and beat them
to take her revenge. She could do nothing though. The oral punishment Cathy
inflicted on her while she was bound had exhausted her. She could only wait
until the next torment began.

	An Amazon pulled the French Maid to her feet and wedged a bright red
rubber ballgag between her teeth. She propelled the slave girl across the room
with a shove to the upper back. Kim was sorry to her go. While they had not
allowed her to achieve an orgasm, it had felt so good to feel a tongue playing
across her labia. The captive beauty wondered how long it would be before they
had her doing that to others.

	"Somebody free her legs and strip her down the rest of the way, except
for the heels," the tall Amazon ordered as she retrieved a shiny garment from
across the room.

	"Well, tell me honestly, Kim, don't you think you will look divine in
this?"

	She held up the golden, silk miniskirt she had shown Clarissa earlier in
the day. Kim looked but did not see.

	"You know, usually skirts this short say: 'Use me! Use me!' but I think
this one fairly screams 'Spank me! Spank me!'"

	Cathy giggled.

	With the ballgag filling her mouth, Kim was incapable of replying.

	"Let's see what this looks like on you." She gestured to a pair of
Amazons who had removed the remainder of Kim's clothing. "Lift up her legs and
hold them together."

	Two Amazons raised the beautiful coed's legs so they pointed forward. To
keep Kim from choking on the pillory, each placed one arm under the captive's
bottom to support the weight of her body while the other arm held her legs
together.

	Cathy had little trouble getting the sexy silk garment on. The coed had
shapely legs so the Amazon had no trouble at first. With little effort on her
part, the tiny garment slid easily from her feet to her knees.

	"Put her down."

	Once she had it up to the captive's thighs, Kim could do nothing to stop
the Amazon mistress from pulling it up the remainder of the way. A zipper on the
side pulled the silk tautly across the young woman's hips and the top of her
fanny. The miniskirt was smaller at the hem so it would not rise higher on the
wearer's legs. A strap secured it about Kim's hips so it would not slide down.

	Once she had Kim freed of the pillory, Cathy looped a chain leash about
the coed's neck and secured it in place with the hook on the end. Bound as she
was, Kim could do nothing to escape it. The chain served as a collar and leash.

	The other Amazons had been busy while Cathy dressed Kim. The three
newly-collared slave girls continued to work as their mistresses changed their
bondage. By the time Cathy finished, they had the other three back in
singlegloves.

	"Line up the others so they can watch."

	Amazons rammed ballgags into open mouths. Rather than have the three
captives move on their own, the Amazons simply rotated them about by pulling on
their shoulders. The three moved about on their knees. Once they faced Cathy and
Kim in some semblance of a line, their mistresses fastened together the ends of
the straps.

	"Okay, Kim. Strut your stuff."

	Jerking twice on the chain, she indicated the captive should walk
forward. Kim was hesitant, but knew she was in no position to resist the Amazon.
She let Cathy lead her past her three kneeling roommates. At the end of the line
they made a small circle before parading back past them again.

	"That wasn't very good."

	"I think we should pound her ass," an Amazon volunteered. Cathy flashed
her a smile, an indication that what she had said fitted the tall Amazon's plan.

	"I don't know. We'll give her one more chance. Wiggle that butt so it
says: 'Use me! Use me!"

	Kim knew the Amazons had no use for her ass, except at a target for a
spanking. The only thing she had that would interest them was her tongue.

	A tug on the leash started Kim forward again. Her hips moved from side
to side, partly because she wanted to, and partly because of the high heels.
More than one Amazon licked her lips at the sight of the shiny material flowing
from one bottomcheek to the other.

	"That still doesn't look right. Maybe we need something to compare it
to. Why don't we dress the other three like her, and then we can decide how good
she is? Kim, get down on your knees I want you to have a good view of the
proceedings."

	Amazons pulled the three captives to their feet and helped them into
miniskirts identical to Kim's. There was a difference though. The tight fit
caused the material to press snugly against sore bottoms. The three little slave
girls whimpered through the gags as their mistresses pulled the zippers up. When
they were done, the Amazons had them kneel in a line again.

	"Now, let's have a contest. Joan, you're first."

	The blonde paraded back and forth in front of Kim. When she finished, it
was Sue's turn, followed by Karen's.

	"I dunno..."

	Cathy brought Kim to her feet and then led her captive across the room.
Kim tried to wiggle her hips in the most suggestive manner she had seen slave
girls do all the time.

	"Well, she is trying." She smiled at Kim. "I think we should give her a
reward. Kneel."

	Kim stared up at the Amazons. She had no doubt that she would not like
this "reward."

	Pointing to her captive, she said, "Put her in pigtails." To show
exactly what she wanted she tapped herself on both sides of the head just above
the ears.

	While two Amazons adjust the brunette's hair, Cathy retrieved a ballgag
harness from the far end of the room. Kim offered no resistance as the Amazon
removed one ballgag to replace it with another. Cheek straps ran from the
central strap across her cheeks to the bridge of her nose where they were
riveted together. A single strap continued up over her forehead and through the
part in her hair. That strap buckled to the central strap at the nape of her
neck.

	The remaining strap was the chin strap.

	"Bite down on the ball! Harder! Harder!"

	Cathy pinched the young woman's left nipple.

	"Don't you understand the word 'harder?'"

	The chin strap made it impossible for the captive beauty to relax the
pressure on her jaw. No matter how hard she tried, she would be unable to utter
more than a muffled grunt.

	Though they were still in the dark about Cathy's plan, many of the
Amazons smiled. The brunette was taking steps to insure Kim's total silence.
Whatever was in store for the beautiful coed must entail a great need for
screaming for a woman without a gag.

	To the chin strap Cathy attached a bell. The clapper was extra large so
Kim did not have to move much to ring it.

	Cathy attached circular bells to Kim's pigtails with yarn to hold them
in place. She knotted the yard so the bells hung down.

	The tall Amazon held the remaining two bells up for Kim to see. Three
circular bells dangled down from clips. Cathy opened and closed the clips.

	"Guess where these go!"

	Rubbing the sides of her hands over the coed's bosom, she soon had the
nipples hard and pointed. A clip went on each.

	"Now, let's see if you can move quietly."

	She led the captive in the familiar route across the room and back. No
matter how hard Kim tried, bells jangled the entire time.

	"Perfect!" she said with a smile.

	The Amazon turned her attention to the three kneeling slave girls who
were quite happy that Cathy was not giving her attention to them.

	"Dress them up the same way Kim is, only without the ballgag harnesses.
Leave their gags the way they are now."

	Cathy turned her attention back to Kim. The chain ran from the
brunette's throat to the floor. She squatted to pick it up.

	"Come on, Kim, let's get you ready. You are going to have the chance to
show us just how submissive your want to be."

	Kim did not want to be submissive, but she was in no position to
disobey. She had seen what they did to the other three. She staggered to her
feet, then followed Cathy from the room.

	In a matter of minutes, the Amazons had the other three slave girls
belled as Kim was. Parading around the room, the three discovered it was
impossible to move without making a lot of noise.

	To provide some entertainment while they awaited the tall brunette's
return, they had two captives standing facing one another while an Amazon led
the third in a small circle about her two sister-slaves. The idea was to be as
quiet as possible.

	Silence was impossible. As the slave girls tried and failed, the Amazons
ridiculed them. After one had made two noisy circles, she replaced one of the
two in the center. There she could listen to the taunts of the Amazons as her
replacement tried and failed.

	"Now, if we will move to another room, Kim will have a chance to perform
for us," Cathy announced from the doorway.

	One Amazon led each captive toward the door to the hall. Cathy's eyes
shifted back and forth as she watched the procession move toward her. She did
not move from the doorway, so it was impossible for them to leave the room.

	"Wait a minute. This is their first time out in public, so to speak. I
don't think they should be quiet about it. Quite the contrary. I think they
should advertise their new status and just how beautiful the look."

	The tall Amazon stepped forward to Karen. Placing her left hand on the
brunette's tummy and her right on the back of her head, she exerted just enough
pressure for the captive to bend forward. Karen's large titties dangled down
freely, the bells dangling down from the nipples.

	"Now, as you walk, I want to see those mammaries swing from side-to-side
so the bells ring. "You can swing your head too."

	When the Amazon pulled on the leash, Karen stepped forward again. As she
walked, she moved her shoulders forward and back, causing her titties to wobble
and the bells to ring.

	She knew everyone in the building could hear those bells. Probably
people in the street too, she thought.

	Cathy pointed at Sue, then at the floor. This beautiful brunette also
bent over and moved so her titties caused the bells to ring.

	Joan had to wait for no orders. As soon as she saw Sue bend forward, she
did the same.

	Cathy skipped down the hall past Karen. Behind her the sounds of ringing
bells filled the hall. Other Amazons, attracted by the sound, came into the
hallway ahead of them. Cathy waved them forward so they could join the fun.

	She had left the door to the punishment room open, but to insure there
was no error, she stood in the open doorway as the first slave girl paraded
past. When the Amazons saw the room that was Cathy's destination, they began to
understand what devious plan she had in mind.

	Kim stood in the center of a spanking platform about half a meter above
the floor. The three walls behind her and on both sides held every imaginable
whip, switch, paddle and crop.

	"Have them kneel so they can watch. I want them to understand what will
happen to them if they do not behave."

	What could they not understand? If they misbehave, they get spanked. If
they behave, they get spanked. Life is simple.

	They led the three over in front of the helpless captive. Karen was
first in line. They forced her to kneel ahead of Kim and a little to her right.
As they tethered the end of her leash to the platform, another Amazon forced Sue
to her knees. Joan quickly joined her on the end, ahead of Kim and slightly to
her left.

	Cathy positioned Kim in the center of the device so her ankles were
against a curved bar. A second bar came up behind her legs. When locked into
place, the two curved bars formed a circle of steel about the captive's ankles.
Kim could not move her feet from that position.

	A chain dangled down from the ceiling as far as Kim's waist. It ran
through pulleys to a windlass under the device. Cathy attached the end of the
chain to the ring at the end of Kim's singleglove.

	Another chain ran from the ring on top the ballgag harness to the chain.

	"Now this is what we are going to do..."

	She selected a leather paddle from a hook on the wall. The functional
part of the paddle was forty centimeters long and ten wide. The wooden handle
was eighteen centimeters long and three and half in diameter.

	While it looked formidable to the inexperienced eye, the Amazons knew
Cathy had chosen one of the gentlest paddles. Some Amazons even compared this
paddle to a lover's kiss.

	That gives you an idea of how terrible the other implements were.

	"This is what we call a paddle."

	She slapped it in her hand as she walked in front of Kim

	"Have you started without me?"

	Clarissa strolled into the room with a broad grin on her face. She had
reason to be in a good mood. Robyn was walking right into her trap.

	"Started? We're near the end!"

	"Bring me up to speed."

	Cathy spent two minutes explaining what had happened thus far.

	"Now, can I continue?"

	The tall Amazon held the paddle in front of Kim.

	"This is what we call a paddle."

	"Hey, Clarissa, there's someone here to see you."

	Cathy threw the paddle over her shoulder where it bounced off the wall.
She raised her arms in the air as a sign of surrender to the fates who seemed
dedicated to keeping her from finishing with Kim.

	"Who is it? We're kinda busy here."

	"It's Debbie. She said she wants to know how things are going."

	"Debbie." The Amazon frowned as she looked at Cathy. "I think we should
let her watch."

	Cathy nodded. She could not wait until she had the opportunity to use
this paddle on Debbie's bottom. She spent many hours contemplating what it would
look like as it turned from pristine white to a warm red.

	Clarissa left the room, returning five minutes later with Debbie. She
smiled at everyone. She knew what Debbie's fate would be.

	"I'm sorry I'm late," she said as she walked past Kim. " I had to
interview a new administrative assistant. This one should work out well."

	Give the Amazons credit. None of them snickered.

	"So, where are we?"

	Cathy retrieved the paddle.

	"This is a paddle and I can't remember what it's used for," she asked
with a befuddled look on her face. She scratched the side of her face with the
edge of the paddle.

	The Amazons erupted into laughter.

	With a mischievous grin on her face, she Amazon fondled Kim's
silk-covered bottom.

	"Oh, now I remember."

	She patted Kim on the bottom.

	"You are going to take 25 swats with this paddle on your fanny. You are
going to take them with pleasure. You are going to take them with enjoyment. You
will savor each blow. You will..."

	"Oh, cut the crap, Cathy."

	The Amazon glared at the speaker. She turned her attention back to Kim.

	"What you are going to do, Kim, is bend over so your nice little bottom
sticks back for me to hit. I want that silk spread tightly across your ass.
Those 25 swats? A swat counts only if you can take it without ringing any of
those bells."

	As she finished, the tall Amazon extended the paddle to prod the bell
dangling from the coed's left tittie. It jingled.

	"And these little toys don't take much for them to ring."

	Cathy moved around behind the captive. Kim tried to look over her left
shoulder to follow the woman's movements.

	"What is truly great about the outfit you are wearing is the way it
emphasizes you bottomcheeks." She pressed her lips together as her eyebrows
dropped. "As I think about it, your little friends are on the wrong side. They
need to be behind you so they can see how the silk works." She waved her left
hand from the left to the right. "Bring them around behind her."

	Willing hands pulled the three captives to their feet and pushed them
around behind the device. Within seconds the three knelt facing Kim's back. The
luscious brunette's fanny was about a meter before them and just a few
centimeters higher than their faces.

	"Okay, Kim, now bend over so they can see what it looks like."

	Not surprising it, the beautiful captive remained standing upright. She
looked in Cathy's direction and shook her head, the various bells ringing.

	Cathy looked at her friends as she flashed a wicked grin.

	"This is going to be fun!"

	Moving to Kim's left, she placed a foot on a metal pedal.

	"Now, girls, pay attentions to the movement of her bottomcheeks against
the silk."

	As she finished that statement, she stomped down on the pedal with her
left foot. Gears under the device turned. A light chain running to the ceiling
moved downwards a few centimeters. More gears in the ceiling reacted, spinning
about enough to shortening the chain running down to Kim's single glove.

	As the chain became shorter, it drew Kim's bound hands in the air behind
her. She had no choice but to bend over. The chain from the head harness to the
chain forced her head back so she had to stare straight ahead.

	The three kneeling slave girls saw none of that and simply did not care.
As Kim bent over, her bottom cheeks exploded against the silk. The light
reflected off the shiny material, emphasizing the movement.

	"Let's see that again."

	Cathy stepped down on the brake release. The chain to the ceiling
loosened, allowing the captive to straighten up.

	"Now bend over, Kim."

	This time Kim stared straight ahead, as though ignoring the Amazon's
order would keep Cathy from forcing her to act.

	The gears meshed together with a noticeable scraping sound. Once again
Kim's bottom cheeks exploded against the silk.

	"Did you see that?" Cathy asked, addressing the question to the kneeling
captives. All three nodded. All were glad it was Kim up on the device and not
them.

	Cathy prodded the nearest slave girl with the toe of her boot.

	"On your feet, Sue. Face me. Now bend over."

	The beautiful brunette did as she was ordered, maintaining the position
until her mistress told her to straighten up.

	"Okay, now straighten up and then bend over again."

	The brunette did as she was ordered. She knew what would happen to her
if she disobeyed.

	"Okay, Karen, on your feet. Move over here. Sue, go over and kneel down
next to Joan."

	The second brunette showed off her silk miniskirt for her sister-slaves.
Then it was Joan's turn.

	The Amazons said nothing during this exhibition (though Debbie was
becoming bored). They knew that Cathy was instilling in the captives the
knowledge that the miniskirt they wore served no other function than to make
their bottoms even more tempting targets for a spanking.

	"Okay, move them around in front. I want them kneeling so they can watch
Kim's eyes while she shows us what a good little slave girl she wants to be."

	Everyone's attention was on the three captives moving around in front of
Kim, but all knew that ringing was Kim shaking her head. She did not want to be
a good little slave girl.

	She did not want to be a slave girl at all.

	Like she had a choice.

	"Now it's your turn to show off your charms," Cathy said as she pinched
Kim's left tittie. The bell jingled.

	"This timer will ring twenty seconds after I press the button. When you
hear it, you will bend over for a swat. After I deliver it, you will straighten
up until the timer rings again. The timer will ring in twenty seconds, but that
does not mean you will get the swat right away. Ready?"

	Cathy pressed the button on the timer and stepped back with her arms
folded across her chest. She knew what Kim would do, or rather what she would
not do.

	"R-r-ring!"

	Kim remained upright.

	Cathy moved up beside the captive. Her right hand gently caressed the
beautiful brunette's silk- covered fanny.

	"I was hoping you would refuse. You see, I was going to use this leather
paddle on you, but if I have to persuade you to bend over, I'm going to use a
wooden one."

	The Amazon retrieved a two-handed paddle that she stuck in front of
Kim's face.

	"I'll be generous. I'm going to give you another chance."

	She pressed the button.

	Rring!

	Cathy stepped on the pedal. Kim's hands shot up in the air, her head
came down and back, and her bottomcheeks exploded against the silk.

	Cathy drew the paddle back and swung it as hard as she could.

	Whack!!!




Slave Girls in Bondage

by Kilo

Chapter 58


	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	As she swung the paddle forward, Cathy stepped on the pedal that
released the chain. Kim reacted as she was supposed to. The sudden pain in her
bottom caused the beautiful brunette to straighten up. The relaxation of tension
on the chain allowed the young captive to do that. She jerked upright.

	"Don't you agree it would have been much better had you done as I said?"

	Cathy placed her left hand against the coed's bottom until she felt the
flesh grow warm through the silk. She moved around in front of Kim. As she did
so, the eyes of the three kneeling slave girls followed her. Each captive knew
she could replace the unfortunate Kim if Cathy chose to.

	They were well on their way to becoming good little slave girls. The
three would do anything to avoid further punishment.

	"Are you going to be a good little girl from now on?"

	Cathy asked the question without looking at the captive. Her gaze was on
the timer. She slapped the button down so it starting counting the seconds until
the luscious coed had to bend over.

	Kim made no answer but stared at the tall Amazon with tearing streaming
down her face. If she refused to obey, she would be spanked again. (She blocked
out that simple fact that she would be spanked regardless.) If she nodded, she
was showing she was ready to become a slave girl. Regardless of her decision,
she would be punished. Her pain would bring pleasure to others. That was her
role as a slave girl.

	R-r-ring!

	Cathy let the paddle swing back and forth at knee level as she slowly
returned to her working position behind Kim. As she drew the paddle back, she
stepped on the lever. The chain rattled through the pulley as it drew the
captive's arms into the air.

	Whack!!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	Cathy stepped forward to slap the button on the timer. She ignored Kim
as she made her way to the three kneeling roommates.

	"Do you think she is going to obey this time?"

	Sue answered first by shaking her head. The bells attached to her
pigtails jingled.

	"We have one 'no' vote. We have two, three, three 'no' votes. Kim, I
suspect they think you need much more punishment. "

	She turned back to the kneeling slave girls, who looked up at her with
adoration that only fear came bring.

	"Should I use this wooden paddle on her even if she does obey?"

	The answer was more jingling, though not as loud.

	"Kim, all three think I should use this paddle on your bottom
regardless. Your three friends seem to think you haven't suffered enough yet.
The choice is yours."

	R-r-ring!

	Cathy looked over at the timer when it sounded, then back at Kim. She
flashed a too polite smile.

	"Your choice."

	Again she stomped on the lever, forcing Kim's bottomcheeks to explode
against the shiny silk.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	Cathy moved back toward the front of the device. She slapped the button
down again.

	"I must congratulate you, Kim. You certainly have more courage than I
gave you credit for. Most captives would have begun obeying after two blows.
They can't take the pain" She paused, then let a trace of a smile spread across
her lips. "Unless, of course, you are on of those truly gifted slave girls who
enjoys pain.".

	R-r-ring!

	How much pain can a young woman take before she submits? In Kim's case,
it was three blows from the wooden paddle. As Cathy approached the location from
which she spanked Kim, the beautiful brunette bent over, presenting her bottom
for a spanking.

	Cathy traded the wooden paddle for the leather one. She  moved back
where Kim could see her. Since the chain pulled her head back so she could only
stare straight ahead, Cathy had to move around in front of her to be seen.

	"See! This leather paddle is much softer than that nasty wooden one."

	As she said it, she rubbed the leather surface over Kim's chin. The
pliant paddle bent from the slight pressure, but Kim still knew it would hurt.

	The tall Amazon returned to her place behind Kim. She took her time as
she wanted Kim to acclimate herself to submitting to the blows. While inflicting
pain on another woman's fanny was true fun that was not the reason she did this.
Okay, maybe it was the reason she did it but the Amazons wanted submission from
the captives. If Cathy did not get them to submit quickly, the Amazons would
find someone else to do it.

	Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	Cathy returned to the front of the device so Kim could see her.

	"Go ahead, straighten up. Now, wasn't that much better than that wood
paddle?" The captive nodded. Jingle, jingle, jingle. "If you would only have
behaved from the beginning, you would have saved yourself so much pain. You
suffered because you were not willing to be the good little slave girl you know
you should be. "

	"You would also ruin my fun," she thought as she blew Kim a kiss..

	Slapping the button down again, she moved back behind Kim.

	"I think these three have seen enough. Let's put their little tongues to
work and if they don't do a good job, well, we'll discuss that if it happens."

	R-r-ring.

	The Amazons brought the three to their feet and led them around to the
side where there were chairs. They could not see what happened to Kim, but they
certainly could hear.

	Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	"Kim, you have to do a better job than that. When you bend over, just
think how much you are going to enjoy the pain."

	R-r-ring.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	Of course, Cathy and all the Amazons knew that there was no way Kim
would ever be able to take twenty-five blows without jerking her body.

	R-r-ring.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	The clapper on each bell was so large that they rang every time the
buxom captive took a deep breath.

	R-r-ring.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	Kim didn't know that though.

	R-r-ring.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	She thought that, maybe if she was a good little girl, they might let
her go.

	R-r-ring.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	Sure, and Canjac doesn't have plans to enslave all the Amazons.

	R-r-ring.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	While it would be nice to say Kim had learned her lesson and stuck her
bottom out for a severe spanking, but that would not be true. Several times she
hesitated. Cathy wasted no time in forcing her to bend over by stomping on the
pedal. A blow on the rump with the wooden paddle taught Kim a lesson she
remembered for a few minutes. She was far from being the totally submissive
slave girl the Amazons wanted, but she had made great progress in one day.

	"Okay, Kim. Do you want to be a slave girl?"

	Who wouldn't after that punishment? Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	The tall Amazon released her captive from the device.

	"Clarissa, do you want to do the honors?"

	Kim found herself on her knees before the Amazon, placing her throat in
the middle of the leather collar. In seconds, her status was the same as her
three friends. She was a slave girl. No one would come to her aid to end this
predicament. She was at the mercy of every man and free woman who met her.

	"Now I want you to thank me for turning you into a slave."

	Clarissa removed the ballgag from Kim's mouth. In seconds, the beautiful
brunette had her face between the Amazon's legs.

	"Come on! Come on! I want to feel your tongue in my throat."

	Since she would rather do anything than suffer through another spanking,
Kim obeyed as best she could. She looked up at the mistress, seeking some sign
that she was doing the job correctly. She was afraid she might end on the
spanking device again.

	Cathy, though, had it reserved for someone else. Kim was only one of
four slave girls in that room. Why should she have all the fun?

	Waving her hand back and forth, she got the attention of the Amazon Joan
was servicing. She pointed at  the blonde and then the device.

	The beautiful slave girl had her face between an Amazon's legs. She had
been licking, but when she heard Clarissa's order to Kim, she started poking her
tongue in as far as she could and wobbling it around. She wanted to please her
mistress so she would not end on that device.

	Like she ever had a choice.

	The Amazon pushed Joan's head back by placing the palm of her right hand
on the blonde's forehead. This action bent her head back with her mouth open so
the Amazon could easily pop the ballgag in her mouth. She shoved Joan's head
down, gripping it between her knees. This freed both hands so she could buckle
the ends of the strap together behind Joan's head.

	"She's not doing a very good job. I think she needs some encouragement."

	They dragged the blonde beauty to her feet and to the device. Joan faced
forward, staring down at Kim's bottom. The brunette's head moved up-and-down,
side-to-side as she worked hard to please her mistress.

	"Do I need to strap you in?"

	Joan shook her head. She had seen what happened to Kim.

	"We'll make this voluntary. Step against the bar."

	The Amazon brought the locking bar up and secured it with a pin so the
blonde could not move from that spot.

	Cathy made an adjustment to the timer.

	"I just turned the bell off. When you hear it click, you bend over.
Shake you head and titties to show you are ready. If you do a good job, I won't
use the wooden paddle on you."

	Click!

	The blonde bent over, her bottomcheeks pressing out against the shiny
material.

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	"Very well done. I'm glad you learned your lesson."

	She reset the timer and moved back behind the blonde.

	Click!

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	That was how the next ten minutes were spent.

	Click!

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Joan bottom burned from all the spankings, but she was too afraid to
disobey.

	Click!

	Jingle, jingle, jingle.

Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	She was well on her way to becoming a good little slave girl when Cathy
sent her back to service the Amazons.

	Karen was next. The paddle pounded against the beautiful brunette's
already sore fanny. Karen performed as Cathy wanted her to. Click! When she
heard the click of the timer, she bent over so her bottomcheeks exploded against
the silk miniskirt. Cathy waited until the former-coed shook her head and
titties to cause the bells to ring. Jingle, jingle, jingle.

	Cathy took her time, adjusting her grip on the paddle. When she was
ready, and only then, she drew the paddle back.

	Whap!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	So that was how time passed during the next hour. When the tall Amazon
was finished with Karen, it was Sue's turn. After that, she brought Kim back for
another session. This time the captive beauty offered no resistance. She did
exactly what Cathy demanded.

	When the Amazon finished with her, she started over again. Each of the
four captives had the opportunity to prove just how submissive she was.

	Cathy turned to Debbie and smiled.

	"Now we begin with the next phase of their training."

	They removed the slave girls one at a time. Joan was the third to leave
the room at the end of a leash. A short distance down the hall, the Amazon led
her into a room where four French Maids waited on their knees. Their hands were
cuffed in front of them so they had enough freedom to lift their titties so they
appeared to want to pop out of their low-cut necklines. They could not run off
easily as they were linked together at the collar by short chains.

	"Okay, Slave Girls, get yourself motivated to work."

	The fingers shot upwards a few centimeters. Now, fingertips played with
nipples that became hard with little effort.

	The Amazon turned Janice around so she could watch the four. The blonde
stood with her feet half a meter apart. She hoped that would keep her from being
punished.

	The kneeling slave girls stared at her crotch as their fingers caressed
their titties.

	"We see that we get much better service when we have a highly-motivated
slave girl. Sometimes we use the whip, sometimes the tongue."	

	She removed the leash from Janice's collar.

	"Okay, Slave Girls, playtime is over. On your feet."

	The four staggered to their feet. Their hands did not leave their
titties. They were experienced slave girls so they did it with fluid movements.
Once she had the chain leashes removed, she signaled the four to begin work with
a snap of her fingers. She followed this up with a gesture toward the topless
slave girl.

	They stripped Janice naked in seconds. Two French Maids drew the
blonde's arms over her head where they secured them to chains dangling down from
the ceiling. With Joan's arms out of the way, they easily fastened the black
satin corset about her waist. 

	As two Amazons did that, another two pulled sheer black stockings up her
legs. Once they had the corset zipped up in front, the two attached the tops of
the stockings to the straps dangling down. Once attached, they adjusted the
length of the straps.

	They targeted the wrinkles next. Beginning at the blonde's ankles, they
drew their hands up Joan's legs. At the top they readjusted the length of the
straps. Perhaps there was a little slack still in the sheer dark material. They
repeated the process a second and then a third time.

	As soon as they finished with that, they slipped her feet into black,
patent-leather sandals with fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels. One strap went
across the top of the foot, and another about the ankle. Joan could not remove
them without the use of her hands.

	The two who had put the corset on her turned their attention to her
bondage. They freed her arms for the time it took to pull shoulder-length black
satin gloves up. The two had done this often before so it took only seconds, and
they were each down about the same time.

	One French Maid held her arms behind her back with the wrists crossed.
The other looped a cord about them, cinched the first loops, and tied a square
knot. She then threaded the ends of the cord through a metal ring riveted to the
back of the corset. With her arms bound this way, they kept the blonde from
using her hands to protect her bottom.

	The outerwear was next. A French Maid wrapped the red satin miniskirt
about her waist. The garment was short in the front so some of the blonde curls
at her crotch were visible. In back it was even shorter, so short that Joan's
bottomcheeks were visible.

	The miniskirt was flared, but cut so it was straight in front. Sewn to
the hem every couple of centimeters was a dangling circular bell. When Joan
walked, her thighs would hit the miniskirt, causing the bells to ring. If she
moved quickly, other bells would ring also.

	They next fastened a top about her body. The top complemented the bottom
in that it covered little and emphasized the size of her titties. A pair of red
satin demi-cups pushed up her titties, pressing them together. The nipples
peeked over the edge of the cups.

	That red ball in her mouth matched her attire.

	The mistress then reattached the end of a leash to Joan's collar.

	"Come along, we have some people who want to meet you."

	Joan was no hurry but had no choice in the matter. She was only a slave
girl. They had her bound and gagged and at the end of a leash. The woman exerted
only as much pressure on the leash as was needed to get the blonde to follow.
Once in the corridor, they turned right. Their destination was two doors down on
the left.

	A dozen Amazons waited for them in the room. Kim and Sue had already
passed through this room though the blonde was unaware.  Joan noticed them but
not Debbie standing in back. The Amazon leading the blonde slave girl stopped
her in the middle of the room by placing the fingertips of her left hand on the
captive's upper chest. Once she stopped, the Amazon removed the leash. Joan
would not run away.

	"Kneel."

	The blonde looked around, wondering if there was some other option.

	Crack!

	The switch struck her across the back of her right thigh.

	Joan landed on her knees with a "thud" that caused some of the Amazons
to wince. Most rooms had carpeting to protect the knees of the slave girls when
they knelt. Still, Joan had landed hard, the bells about the hem ringing.

	They were certain she had learned her lesson in the other room. She
would obey.

	"Spread your knees so they are in the proper position."

	The luscious captive shifted the position of her legs. With a skirt that
short, those standing before her could see her pussy. She did not care. Her only
concern was that they weren't spanking her.

	"Now stand up."

	With her arms bound securely behind her back, Joan had trouble
maintaining her balance. She fell over as they expected her to. An Amazon
prodded her with the toe of a boot. The blonde tried again. They thought she
might make it this time, but she fell over again. The third time she staggered
to her feet.

	"Is that the proper way to position your feet?"

	The blonde spread her legs as far apart as she could

	"Now, kneel!"

	The Amazon shouted the last word. Joan dropped to her knees. Quickly she
spread them apart.

	"On your feet, Slave Girl."

	The blonde staggered to her feet again.

	"Do you know what your best asset is?"

	The blonde nodded slowly.  Every slave girl knew the answer to that
question.

	"When anyone asks, you will show it. You will turn around, spread your
legs apart as wide as they are now, and bend over."

	Debbie stepped in front of the blonde.

	"Now show me your best asset."

	(Several Amazons grimaced. Debbie was too close to see much. She might
act as a mistress, but she certainly did not act like a good one.)

	Joan was unaware of any criticisms. She turned, spread her legs apart,
and bent over.

	As the Amazons knew, Debbie had to step back to get a good look.

	"Not bad, but I've seen better. If you want to avoid further punishment,
you had better show some spirit."

	When she finished looking, she stepped forward to slap the blonde on her
sore fanny.

	"Okay."

	"Straighten up!"ordered an Amazon.

	The blonde obeyed.

	"Now show me your best asset."

	The blonde bent over again.

	"Straighten up and turn around, Slave Girl."

	When the blonde had obeyed, the Amazon pinched a nipple.

	"This what you are going to do. Every time someone walks behind you, you
will show off your best asset. Do you understand?"

	The blonde nodded.

	"If you don't, do you know what will happen to you?"

	Slowly the blonde nodded.

	"Don't you want to be a good little slave girl?"

	The blonde nodded, more slowly than before.

	The Amazon attached a leash to Joan's collar. Using it, she led the
beautiful slave girl from the room through another door. The others remained
behind. They wanted Joan to feel alone. She would face this by herself, without
her three roommates.

	"This is your position," she said as she removed the leash. "Stand
facing the wall with your legs apart."

	Joan stared at the wall as she heard the Amazon walk away. She fought
the temptation to turn and look but knew that would be a big mistake.

	The room had two doors and though it was out of the way, Amazons
periodically passed through just to get Joan the chance to react. At the sounds
of footsteps, she bent forward, raising the short hem of the dress so the person
passing behind could see her pussy.

	That was how the rest of the day went for the four roommates. They had
begun the day as coeds, and they ended it as slave girls. Could anything be more
fitting?




Slave Girls in Bondage



by Kilo



Chapter 59



	Let us digress again.

	Early in the morning, long before Debbie arose, one of the guards at the
kennel awakened Andrea.

	The beautiful blonde slept bound in a most uncomfortable position. At
first she thought it was wonderful; then she came to hate it. Soon she would
return to loving it.

	She slept on her back with her body strapped down against a bench.
Straps across her elbows and wrists kept her arms pinned to that surface. Other
straps across her upper chest and tummy did the same to her body.

	Using chains attached to leather straps about her lower thighs, they
pulled her knees back and spread them apart, revealing her pussy. The chains
locked to rings under the mat. Andrea could not alter her position at all.

	Since the room was illuminated slightly (so anyone could Andrea's pussy,
and the love nest of every other slave girl there), a blindfold was in order.
Shortly after being secured in this position, Andrea would fall asleep. They
gave her a ballgag with a hole through the middle of it so she had no trouble
breathing.

	Since she was a slave girl, any male had the right to use her. Though
the blindfold kept anyone from seeing just how beautiful she was, there was a
certain charm to her spread pussy. Even Andrea had to admit that there was
nothing quite like being awakened from a sound sleep by having one body-shaking
orgasm after another.

	Every morning a female guard awoke the blonde slave girl. There was
little difference in the manner the blonde awoke though. The guard inserted a
rubber dildo into her exposed pussy. This dildo had a large handle half a meter
long. The guard laughed as she twisted the handle around and around, causing the
dildo to rub again Andrea's pussy. She stopped only when the blonde's body
arched in a massive orgasm. When the guard moved to the next slave girl, she
left the huge dildo inside the captive.

	There was no chance that, with that tool inside her, Andrea would fall
back to sleep.

	The buxom beauty quickly learned the routine. When they released the
chains so she could lower her legs, she kept them in the air. She continued to
offer her body to anyone standing before her. When they removed the straps, the
order would be given, "Kneel." Only then did the blonde roll forward off the
bench. She knelt on the floor with her arms behind her back. It took only
seconds for them to fit handcuffs on her wrists.

	Sometimes the guard would want Andrea to thank her for releasing her.
That required the guard to remove the ballgag, and for the blonde to show how
well she could use her tongue. Debbie had no objections to her beautiful blonde
slave servicing others. The more Andrea practiced on others, the better she
would be when it came to servicing her own mistress.

	Most mornings though, Andrea remained in that position until they came
to clean her up. No mistress did that. The kennel where Debbie kept her slaves
had slave girls whose function was to take care of matters such as that.

	Often Andrea remained blindfolded while they cleaned her, but once in a
while she had been able to see them. They wore simple satin tunics and high
heeled sandals.

	An elastic band encircled the slave girls' chest just below their boobs
so the material was pulled tautly across the supple mounds. Whenever the slave
girl moved, the wiggling of her titties would be visible.

	The tunic was short enough in front that her pubic area was visible,
Several centimeters shorter in back, anyone standing behind her could see her
bottomcheeks.

	Yes, this is another example of the insidious manner in which a slave
girl was dressed but revealed more than if she was naked.

	The mistress led the blonde into a recessed area in the floor so she was
lower than those who worked on her. They washed Andrea, towel-dried her body,
and added an expensive scent.

	The mistress then took the blonde slave girl to the next station where
another set of slave girls dressed her.

	For a beautiful blonde such as Andrea, could there be any other outfit
than that of a French Maid?

	First though, they dressed her in a black satin garter belt. White satin
ruffles lined the front. It was used to hold up the sheet black stockings. On
her feet they put black, patent leather high heeled sandals. Straps across the
top of her foot and about her ankle held them on. The large black satin bow on
the outside of each ankle was there solely for decoration.

	Black satin panty briefs came next. Everyone knew how Debbie enjoyed
peeling them off the helpless captive while she stood there wondering if she was
going to be thrilled, or punished. The tight material appeared molded to the
blonde's bottom so reflected light showed every little movement.

	The dress itself was pretty much what you would expect. About her torso
to the hips, it fit very snugly. About her hips it flared outward. The miniskirt
was so short in front that it came only to her crotch. In back, the hem came to
the bottom of her panties. They could not be seen unless she bent over, but
since she was a slave girl, she bent over often.

	The neckline was cut so low that Andrea's titties seemed to want to
explode out of it. Occasionally, Debbie had her take deep breaths to see if she
could get them to pop out. Failure to cause her titties to pop out of the bodice
was reason for punishment. Twice Andrea had succeeded. The other times, her
bottom had paid the price of failure.

	The shoulder length gloves and the lace cap pinned to the top of her
head were white, providing a pleasing contrast to the black motif of the rest of
her outfit. Fastened about her waist was a short, white lace apron.

	Since Debbie wanted her own, personal slave girl to be as beautiful as
possible, they added eyeliner and mascara. A touch of make-up here and there
made Andrea almost ready to go.

	The outfit had a broad, black leather belt that emphasized Andrea's
slender waist. Riveted in back was a pair of handcuffs. They made the beautiful
blonde helpless, but in such a way that her mistress would have no trouble
freeing her if she wanted to. With her hands bound at waist level, the blonde
could not protect her boobs, her fanny or her pussy.

	The guard removed the ballgag from the captive's mouth. Andrea had done
this before so she knew exactly what to do. Opening her mouth partway, she was
ready for the slave girl to add the lip gloss. Debbie's favorite shade for
Andrea was frosted pink. When the slave girl nodded (she was gagged of course),
the beautiful blonde moved her lips into an adorable pout. The slave added a
touch more and she was done. A different ballgag went into the captive's mouth.
The ball was white, contrasting nicely with the pink lip gloss and the black
strap holding it in place.

	The guard added a blindfold to Andrea's ensemble. Since a normal
blindfold pressed tightly against the slave girl's eyes to insure no light came
through at all, Andrea wore a special one. This one, perhaps, did not work as
well as the other, but it did not mess up the little slave girl's make-up.

	With the mistress holding the end of her leash, Andrea followed the
woman from the room. She had been a slave girl for a couple weeks now, during
which time Debbie had often paraded her about with a blindfold on. The beautiful
blonde knew how to walk with a most suggestive sway.

	Andrea had quickly become acclimated to being a slave girl.

	The guard took her to the side door of Nancy's mansion where a servant
let her in. The guard took the slave girl up to Debbie's room but did not open
the door. Nancy had not risen yet and she did not like being disturbed this
early in the morning. She had made arrangements for the guard to leave the slave
girl. To the right of the door there was a special compartment for slave girls.
The guard opened it by pulling the latch back and drawing the door outwards.
Holding the blonde by her left arm, she helped Andrea step up into the opening.
The far wall was another door. The guard attached the leash to a ring on the
door. With the buxom little slave girl safely in place, she closed and locked
the door.

	Cooped up in a small space such as that might make most women
frightened, but Andrea was unaware of her confines because of the blindfold. She
had become accustomed to her world extending only to the edge of her bondage.

	When Debbie awoke, the first thing she wanted was an eye-opener.

	No, not a drink.

	A satisfying orgasm at the hands (or rather the tongue and lips) of a
beautiful slave girl was the perfect way to get a day started.

	That was why she had them bring Andrea there every morning. Whatever
shortcomings the luscious blonde had as an administrative assistant, she more
than made up for with her submissive nature.

	The blonde slave girl waited for each order. Debbie removed the
blindfold and placed it on the night stand. Discarding her nightie, she yawned,
stretching her arms as her head rolled to the side.

	Andrea stared straight ahead until she heard the order.

	"Kneel."

	She dropped to her knees before her mistress and crawled forward until
her head was between the brunette's spread knees. As Debbie extended her hands,
Andrea leaned forward to make it easier for her to get at the buckle of her gag
strap. Her long blonde hair slid away from her head, exposing the nape of her
neck and the buckle.

	"Thrill me."

	The blonde knew exactly what her mistress wanted. Crawling forward a few
more centimeters, she kissed the woman's pussy. She raised her head so Debbie
could see her eyes while she licked her pussy.

	"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!"

	It did not take Debbie long to come.

	"I swear, Andrea, you get better every day."

	The mistress leaned over to the night stand for the gag. Though Andrea
did a most satisfying job and was turning out to be one of the most submissive
slave girls she had ever met, that was no reason to give her any special
privileges. She knew that the more she treated the beautiful blonde like the
pathetic little slave girl she was, the better she would be.

	Andrea was a slave girl.

	Putting a gag in her mouth was the only logical thing to do. Andrea had
nothing worthwhile saying.

	She thrust the gag  back in the captive's mouth. She would remove it
only to exchange it for another gag, or to allow the slave girl to use her lips
and tongue to please her again.

	After the eye-opener, Debbie was ready for her bath. Using a leash, she
led Andrea to her bath to help. She let the slave girl kneel at the foot of the
inground tub as she bathed. She wanted the blonde to watch as she rubbed the rag
slowly across her body. As she so, she allowed the soap to bubble up and drip
off her large titties.

	She wanted Andrea to want her badly.

	It would hurt so much more when Debbie sent her back to the kennel for
further training. (Remember, Debbie had a busy day planned - she was
interviewing a new office manager, and she wanted to get to the Amazon compound
to see what they did to the four little coeds she had provided.)

	When she was finished, she freed Andrea's hands so the beautiful slave
girl could towel dry her. The blonde would rub the towel across Debbie body
until she was ordered to stop. Debbie had insisted that she pay special
attention to the most erotic part of her body while drying her.

	She smiled at the thought of the torment she was putting Andrea through.
They had taught the blonde to love the touch of her mistress's body.

	When Debbie was ready to go to work, she tethered Andrea outside the
building. Eventually the kennel would send someone over to get her. She had left
them instructions on what she wanted. Today was a special day - the interviews,
the submission, and later dinner.

	Andrea knew the routine when she arrived at the kennel. They stripped
her down to her lingerie. She needed no clothing for her further training. What
they had her wear, the garter belt, stockings, and heels, was designed to make
her look sexier.

	She was only a slave girl. She had no need for modesty.	

	The blonde took her position on the bottom as she did every day. Her
partner might change, but was always a brunette. Andrea was a blonde so it was
her place to be on the bottom. She lay on her back on the platform. Straps
across her chest, above and below the large bosom, kept her back pressed against
it.

	They pulled her legs back so her knees were against the sides of her
chest near her bosom. Next, they strapped her wrists to her ankles. She had to
maintain this humiliating position with her arms holding her legs spread.

	The brunette climbed on top her, eager for the buxom blonde to do with
her tongue what they had trained her to do.  They strapped the second woman's
wrists to her ankles and secured the latter to the sides of the platform. The
captive had to work hard to keep her bottom raised in the air.

	Hands unfastened the strap holding the rubber ball in Andrea's mouth.
The luscious captive tried to raise her head as she knew what was next. The
mistress grabbed a fistful of hair to pull her head up. The wedge-shaped cushion
was rammed beneath Andrea's head, holding it in the air.

	A light slap on the brunette's bottom told her it was time to lower her
body. It plopped down, her pussy pressed against the blonde's waiting mouth.

	Once they had the gag removed from the brunette's mouth, they pressed
her face down into Andrea's pussy.

	This was a training technique where they strengthen the little slave
girls' tongues so they would be able to please an endless succession of
mistresses.

	To motivate the naked beauties, they turned this practice into a game.
The objective was not to come, while at the same time forcing your partner to
come as often as possible. The winner was the slave girl who came few times than
her partner. It was impossible to lick during an orgasm, so the slave girl to
come first was at a disadvantage.

	Now there was a tenancy from new slave girls to fake it. All the
mistresses expected that and kept an eye out for fake orgasms the first few
sessions. When it occurred, the miscreant would be forced to kneel in front of
every slave girl, one at a time. The other captive would be spreadeagled so the
poor little slave girl being punished had to stare at the woman's pussy.

	She would then masturbate until she came.

	They would move her down to the next slave girl where she would repeat
the process.

	All slave girls quickly learned not to fake an orgasm. Soon they did not
have to.

	Now you are liable to think that a mistress sat there counting the
orgasms. The slave girls certainly did. After a few minutes, just to insure that
they were working, the mistress would leave. The captives could not see what
happened as there was a shapely thigh on each side of their face. The almost
continuous moans of pleasure would drown out anything.

	The loser of the contest was determined by the mistress freeing her from
her bondage.

	Andrea lost every time. She came to expect it. She was convinced that
she had the body of a slave girl that wanted to come and come and come and
come...

	They tied her arms behind her back with ropes. One set encircled her
wrists, Another her upper arms immediately above the elbows. Tying the end of
another rope to one wrist, they secured her arms to her body by wrapping that
rope about her wrists and tying it to her wrists again.

	"On your back."

	Andrea had to rock back and forth a few times to get the momentum to do
that. Back and forth, back and forth, each movement threw her further to one
side, then the other. Finally, with an audible grunt through the ballgag filling
her mouth, she rolled onto her back.

	It was uncomfortable laying on her back with her bound arms beneath her,
but Andrea knew there were far worse things they could do to her. (The
mistresses knew this would cause the little captive to work all the much
harder.)

	They maneuvered the brunette around so she could kneel straddling
Andrea's face. In seconds she resumed her favorite position, her pussy pressed
against the blonde's face.

	"Okay, Andrea, go to work, thank Denise for making you come."

	The blonde had whimpered the first few times she did this. She moved her
head up and down, up and down. The ballgag still filled her mouth. She could not
use her tongue to make the slave girl come.

	She could only use that cute little nose.	

	She discovered she was becoming as adept at making a woman come with her
nose, as she was with her tongue.

	The Slave girl Denise had other training to undergo, so they allowed her
only to come once. Soon she was on her feet, scurrying after a mistress at the
end of a leash.

	"Crawl over her, Andrea, and thank me."

	The buxom blonde had an easier time getting on her side since her hands
were under her back. From there she made it to her knees. With eyes lowered
submissively, she made her way to the mistress who by then had her crotch strap
off.

	Andrea thrust her nose in the woman's crotch and wiggled her head up and
down. In just a few seconds she heard the moans from the woman as she approached
an orgasm. As she came, the woman grabbed the slave girl's head with both hands
to hold her face snugly in her pussy.

	"That was good, Andrea, but then, you always are."

	Attaching the leash to the blonde's collar, she ordered her to her feet
with a single jerk upwards. Andrea came to her feet with ease and followed her
mistress from the room.

	In the hallway, several slave girls stood spreadeagled naked. Andrea had
knelt before them before, masturbating. This time would be different.

	When the mistress jerked down on the leash, the blonde knelt. She stared
at the dark patch of fur between the captive's legs. Once the ballgag was free
of her mouth, she licked her lips in anticipation of what would happen. The
mistress placed a hand on the back of her head to push her face into the woman's
crotch. Andrea's tongue went immediately to work.

	"Your mistress left special instructions for you. As soon as I get you
some traveling clothes, we'll leave."




Slave Girls in Bondage



by Kilo



Chapter Sixty



	Andrea felt a strange excitement at the thought of being out of the
kennel. Sure, they had taken her to Debbie's and back, but never had she been
anywhere else. She could hardly wait!

	She felt her nipples becoming hard and pointed at the mere thought of
being in public where men and women could see her and want her body.

	(The most enthralling part was the knowledge that anyone who wanted her
- could. She had no say in the matter.)

	She heard mistresses moving around behind her. This was a busy corridor
(which was one reason the slave girls were on display there). Andrea did not
know it was her mistress until she felt a hand pull her head back. She opened
her mouth instinctively to allow the mistress to shove the ballgag in. She
tilted her head forward so the woman had an easy time fastening the ends of the
leather strap behind her head.

	A jerk upwards on the leash brought the captive to her feet. She trotted
after the woman toward the exit. Before reaching it, they turned to the right
where there was a dressing room for slave girls.

	The mistress attached the end of Andrea's leash to a ring at the end of
a chain dangling down from the ceiling. The woman crossed to a windlass which
she unlocked and turned to lower a bar from the ceiling. On each end of it was a
leather cuff.

	Before using it though, she ran a spread bar between the blonde's
ankles. Like the bar over Andrea's head, there was a leather cuff at each end.
When the mistress had her stop, the blonde spread her legs apart as any good
little slave girl would. The mistress attached one cuff to Andrea's right ankle.
To get the blonde to move her legs a little further apart, she tapped the slave
girl on the inside of her left ankle to get her to move her feet further apart.
The buxom blonde shifted her left foot a couple centimeters in that direction,
then shifted her right a few more centimeters in that direction. Back and forth
she moved until a tap on the lower caff told her to stop. The mistress completed
the job of  in seconds.

	A short chain connected the bar to a ring on the floor. Andrea could not
move the bar any more than five or six centimeters from that ring.

	The mistress then turned her attention back to Andrea's arms. As soon as
her hands were free, the blonde raised her arms in the air. She did it with such
enthusiasm she gave the impression she enjoyed being bound spreadeagle.

	Since Andrea was about to go out in public, she needed special attire.

	A pair of beautiful French Maid slave girls arrived to dress the
captive.

	The panties were first. They were briefs, cut full to completely cover
the wearer's bottom. The triangle in front covered the pubic area. One inserted
it between Andrea's legs. The French Maids tied little ribbon strings into bows
on the hips. A tug on a loose end of either bow would cause the panties to fall
off.

	The mistress stepped forward to admire the handiwork. To give the proper
effect, the panties had to be quite snug.

	These were.

	They hugged the blonde's hips and fanny.

	Made of sheer white nylon, they hid nothing. (If you looked closely, you
could see the golden curls of her pubic hair through the material. The effect
was much more pronounced when the wearer was a brunette.)

	The flared miniskirt went on top. As with the panties, it was made of
sheer  nylon.

	The French Maids spent more time working on the halter-top. (Guess what
it was made of?) The blonde's large boobs lay heavy on the material, the nipples
pressing against the material to form pointed cones.

	Andrea looked at herself in the mirrors covering the far wall. She had
to admit that the slave girls had done an excellent job. She was completely
dressed.

	And nothing was hidden. Every part of her body was visible.

	Andrea thought she had never looked sexier.

	Having finished with French Maids, the mistress secured their hands
behind their backs before leading them out in the hall. Someone would come along
to collect them eventually.

	The mistress attached a leather sheath about the blonde's left arm.
Before freeing her hands from the leather cuffs, she ran a pair of chains down
to the slave collar. One locked on each side of the collar. Even with her hands
freed, the luscious captive could not run off.

	When she released the beautiful captive's arms, she bent the blonde's
arms behind her back so her forearms were together. The sheath had four straps
riveted to it. The mistress buckled them about the slave girl's left forearm so
her arms were secured together. A strap encircling each upper arm made it
impossible for her to pull her arms apart.

	When she finished, Andrea was bound helplessly again. She removed the
spreader bar between her feet and replaced the tether line with a leash. Once
the chains to the collar were removed, Andrea was ready to go.

	"Come on, your adoring public awaits."

	Andrea had been in public before, but never had she taken this route.
She kept her eyes fixed on her mistress's bottom as she trotted along behind
her. She cast secret glances to the right and left as she paraded along.  The
true sign of a woman who had accepted her status as a slave girl was the desire
to have her body coveted by others.

	The route they took was down a major street, and then left at a busy
intersection. The mistress encountered a friend in route. The two stopped and
talked for a few minutes but the woman remembered Andrea had an appointment.

	"Gotta run!"

	This seemingly insignificant occurrence has a major effect on our story.

	Across the street was the "24-Hour Bar and Grill." Had they continued
without stopping Mortimer T. Munchkin would not have seen Andrea.

	Mortimer T. Munchkin. The name says it all.

	The man was a rake.

	A roue.

	A wastrel.

	In other words, he was every young man's ideal.

	Through a wine-induced haze he stared at Andrea standing submissively
across the street with her legs spread, her body pressing tightly against the
sheer material that enhanced her sensuality. Her long blonde tresses flowed
across her shoulders. He caught only a glimpse of her face but what he saw was
intriguing.

	Gesturing to one of the layabouts frequenting this den of inequity, he
produced a silver thalen.

	"Find out who owns that fair creature across the street."



	Do I sense another macabre plot twist?

	The man emerged from the bar just as Andrea and her mistress started
forward. Their destination was not far away. Halfway down the next block, they
halted.

	The man moved in front of it to better read the sign.

	"The Slave Girl Beauty Shop."

	(If you don't find irony in that you haven't been paying attention.)

	He settled down to await their re-emergence.

	Andrea knew where they were by the smells. Though not a good student at
the cosmetology college, she did recognize the smells. She saw nothing at first.
As a slave girl, she could not use the front door. The mistress left her
tethered to a ring next to a side door. A slave girl wearing a French Maid's
uniform led her into inside. The mistress went to the desk to confirm Andrea's
arrival.

	Since she was only a slave girl, the luscious blonde had no need to know
what was in store for her.

	Several minutes after her arrival, the door on the far end of the booth
opened to admit a slave girl dressed in pink. The pink vinyl haltertop pushed
her large boobs up under her chin. The short, flared miniskirt allowed all
watchers to admire the pink satin panties. The high heels were pink patent
leather with 15 centimeter stiletto heels.

	The slave girl used the leash to lead the blonde back to a room where
there were six other slave girls dressed the same as the first.

	There also was one mistress.

	"Sit."

	Andrea looked around for a chair but there was none. She then realized
the woman pointed at a device rising from the floor. It was a pole about half a
meter high and four centimeters in diameter.

	"She can't mean that!" the beautiful captive thought as she stared at
it.

	Then she realized the top of the device was one huge dildo.

	The mistress did mean that.

	Andrea made her way to the device. Carefully, she sat down, making
certain  her asshole was positioned on the tip of the shaft. Letting her weight
rest on her bottom, she allowed the shaft to penetrate her by a centimeter.

	"That isn't too bad," she thought.

	The mistress placed both hands on Andrea's shoulders and pushed down.

	"Mmmmmmfffffttttt!!!"

	Ignoring Andrea's cry of anguish, she gestured at her.

	"Get busy, Girls."

	How ironic.

	These little slave girls were beauticians! You have to wonder how many
of them were graduates of the College of Cosmetology.

	So they went to work on Andrea, giving her a thorough scrubbing before
washing and drying her hair. To brush out those long, blonde tresses, a trio of
special slave girls were used. Each was silenced by a ubiquitous ballgag, but
attached to the front of an oversized brush. The slave girl on the left began
the process. Beginning at the bottom, she drew the brush to the end of her hair.
She began on her knees with her head lowered, and finished with her face against
the floor.

	The slave girl in the middle was next. She repeated the process, only
she did it directly in back. The third slave girl did the same to Andrea's hair
on the right.

	As the third slave girl regained her feet, the first knelt to do it
again, only this time she started a centimeter higher on the blonde's head. From
left to right, each slave girl knelt to do the task, then rising when she was
down.							

	In a few minutes they reached the luscious captive's head. With face
pressed against long blonde tresses, they did it again and again and again. A
hundred strokes with a brush. How about five hundred? Or a thousand?

	The job was labor-intensive but slave girls worked cheap.

	When they were done, Andrea's long blonde hair was perfect.

	As these slave girls finished, others applied make-up. Andrea would
leave there looking beautiful.

	At the appointed hour, the guard came for the blonde beauty. Andrea
never felt as beautiful or sexy as she paraded through town at the end of the
leash. She stole glances from left and right to see if everyone noticed how
beautiful she was. They seemed to ignore her but she was certain they saw her.
They pretended to ignore her she thought because they were so jealous of her
great beauty.

	She did not see the man following.

	Debbie had a service dress her slaves when she had a special event. The
service consisted of a mistress with a willowy switch (who was not afraid to use
it) and two French Maids.

	When the guard returned Andrea to her mistress, Debbie left her tethered
inside the front door until the service arrived.

	"I want her to look extra beautiful tonight. I have someone I want to
impress."

	The outfit she ordered from Andrea was black silk so it contrasted
nicely with the blonde tresses.

	The lingerie matched the outfit. The French Maids fastened the ruffled
black satin garterbelt about her hips, pulled the sheer black stockings up her
legs, adjusted the length of the straps, and then smooth out the material before
adjusting the length of the straps.

	Debbie thought Andrea looked so adorable dressed (or undressed) that why
that for a few seconds she though about foregoing the remainder of the outfit.
No, she spent a lot of money on this outfit and she wanted to make a good
impression.

	They fastened the black, patent leather sandals with the fifteen
centimeter stiletto heels on her feet. A strap across the foot and another
around the ankle insured the shoes would not come off.

	The panties were next. They were black satin bikini briefs.  Once again
the French Maids smoothed out the material.

	(Andrea thought they were running their hands over her body with a
little too much enthusiasm. Of course, she totally enjoyed it.)

	The miniskirt was next. This garment was not flared as Debbie had no
need to access the blonde's pussy. The miniskirt was black silk and extremely
tight. The two French Maids struggled to get it up over the blonde's hips.
Getting the zipper up and fastening it at the waist was a more difficult
struggle.

	"Turn around so I can look at you."

	It had been a struggle, but certainly well worth it. As Andrea turned,
Debbie could see that the tightfitting material accented the shapely curves of
the blonde's body.

	"That enough. Get on with it."

	The top was a simple tube top of sheer, black nylon. The blonde's
titties were covered, so to speak, but when she moved, they wobbled so merrily.

	"Come along, we have to hurry. I don't want to be late."

	Debbie was going to show off her latest acquisition to Roxanne. She
would make her partner extremely jealous. She knew there were few slave girls
around who could match Andrea's beauty.

	Debbie had already arranged for a carriage to take her to Roxanne's. She
needed a more elaborate one than the carriage she owned. This carriage had a
chauffeur who was a slave girl dressed in a gray uniform. Sixteen pony girls
pulled the carriage. While it was expensive, she charged it to the college.

	The slave girl chauffeur sat in front. Debbie sat in back. Andrea
trotted along behind, and four pony girls pulling the taxi.

	The journey was short. The beautiful brunette was sorry Roxanne did not
greet her at the door. Though she considered them to be equals, in reality,
Roxanne provided the money to buy the college while Debbie had the business
acumen to run it.

	Roxanne had two slave girls outside. One tied the reins of the lead
ponygirls to a ring on the wall. The other led Andrea around to the slaves'
entrance on the side.

	The tall, big-chested blonde sat in a lounge chair being service by her
favorite slave girl.

	"Shall I order you one? I have a couple of others who are quite good."

	"No. I brought my own. What until you see her."

	It took several minutes for Andrea to be taken around to the slave
girl's entrance. The slave girl leading her knew she had certain privileges for
being such a good little slave girl. As a reward, she was allowed to play with
any slave girls being brought into her mistress's presence. She brought Andrea
to a halt. While the luscious blonde stood there blindfolded, the slave girl
played with her nipples until they were hard and pointed.

	The truth be known, Foxy Roxy liked to keep the little playthings
aroused. The anticipation made them so much hotter.

	As soon as she appeared in the doorway with Andrea behind her, Debbie
bounded to her feet. She had her favorite slave girl before Roxanne.

	The blonde mistress shoved a ballgag in the mouth of her own favorite
slave girl and buckled it loosely. She wondered what tasty morsel Debbie had.

	"Isn't she gorgeous?" she asked as she whipped off the blindfold.

	Roxanne had to admit Andrea was beautiful, but as a blonde herself, she
was not happy that Debbie was overjoyed in having a blonde slave girl.

	Andrea paid no attention to the conversation. She knelt immediately in
front of Roxanne's spread legs where she could see her pussy.

	She wanted to lick it badly.

	"She took right to wearing a collar. It was as though she was born to be
a slave girl."

	Roxanne took that to mean that Debbie thought that blondes were
naturally slave girls.

	Is there little wonder why the Amazons had no trouble recruiting her for
their plot against Debbie?




Slave Girls in Bondage

By Kilo

Chapter 61


	The man worked for Canjac, and as such, paid little attention to the
slave girls tethered in the hallway. Those wearing ballgags used their eyes to
plead with him for the opportunity to earn a dildo gag. Those already sporting
dildo gags whimpered for the privilege of using any part of their bodies to
please him.

	The man led the little parade down the hall. Immediately behind him was
Joyce Jamison (known to her friends as "JJ"), tottering forward in the
high-heeled sandals at the end of the leash. To everyone now she was known
simply as "that blonde slave with the big knockers." Tethered to her slave
collar were a pair of French Maids, one behind the other.

	Canjac had Joyce dressed the same way she had been when he bought her an
hour before outside town. She wore pink, patent leather high-heeled sandals with
fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels that insured she did not run off. (Run off?
She could hardly walk in them without falling over.) The shoulder-length satin
gloves matched the shoes. The buxom blonde also wore a pink satin blindfold.
Joyce had worn it almost constantly since she had placed her throat in the slave
collar. Not being able to see, she had offered no resistance as she was put on
display. Canjac removed the blindfold only to determine how beautiful she was.
The seller threw it in to curry Canjac's favor.

	After delivering the ritual first spanking, Canjac had promised her he
would remove the blindfold once he was certain she would behave. Joyce had been
a slave girl less than two hours, and already she wanted to please her master.

	Oh, yes, she wore a gag, a pink ballgag with a white patent leather
strap. Canjac had secured her hands behind her back with a white cord that
encircled her wrists so she could not resist.

	Once in the room, he turned Joyce toward a wall. For the moment he
ignored her, freeing the French Maids so they could prepare Joyce as he wanted
her.

	One French Maid moved to either side of the voluptuous captive. Dangling
down from rings screwed into the ceiling were chains. These, they pulled over to
the captive, hooking the ends to rings on the sides of the collar.

	The leash came off. Joyce could not run away.

	The man removed the blindfold with one swipe of his hand. The last man
Joyce had seen was Canjac so she thought he still held her leash. She blinked
her eyes repeatedly, trying to get used to the light. The man had disappeared
behind her before she saw him.

	The buxom blonde's blue eyes opened wide in fright as one French Maid
approached with a spreader bar. When the naked captive did not move her legs
apart, the French Maid pinched her on the inner thigh and continued to pinch
until Joyce had her knees spread to allow the French Maid to strap the bondage
device between her lower thighs just above the knees.

	Joyce could not pull her legs together. With her legs spread, her pussy
was available to anyone who wanted to avail themselves of it.

	She had been used several times already that day. The first was by the
man who put the collar about her neck. There were several other times (she was
uncertain of the exact number) when Canjac registered her at the city gates.

	The second French Maid had not been idle while the first worked. She
fastened a leather cuff to the captive's left leg immediately above the ankle. A
short chain ran from it to a ring set in the floor. The French Maid immediately
scooted over to Joyce's right to repeat the process.

	The handcuffs came off, but only so they could peel the gloves from her
arms. When each had a satin glove draped across an arm, they handcuffed the
blondes wrists before her body.

	

	The work of these two was done. They hoped for some reward for their
efforts. They discovered there would be none as the man pulled out the handcuffs
he had removed from their wrists. The two knelt facing away from him, their
hands together behind their backs and raised in the air to make it easy for
their master to cuff them.

	He led them into the hallway where he tethered them to rings next to the
door. He would require their service later. Canjac had acquired a whole bevy of
new slave girls who needed to be acclimated to their new life, just as Joyce was
about to be.

	The captive blonde watched as he pulled a small table before her. Her
eyes opened wide in horror as he dumped the contents of a satchel on the chair.

	Joyce had never seen so many dildos of varying lengths and diameters in
her whole life. She became acutely aware of how vulnerable her pussy was.

	She emitted a tiny whimper when he selected the largest from the pile.
This dildo was five centimeters is diameter and twenty centimeters long with a
handle at the end so the user could grip it firmly with two hands. He held it up
for her to see, then tucked it in his belt.

	"You are going to learn what happens to little slave girls when they are
good, and what happens to them when they are bad. I'm certain that when I'm
done, you will want to be a good little slave girl."

	Placing a hand on the back of Joyce's head, he pushed it down so she
stared at the floor. Parting her long blonde tresses to reveal the nape of her
neck, he unbuckled the leather strap holding the ballgag in her mouth. His hand
against her forehead forced her head back so she now stared at the ceiling.
Above her she saw rings and pulleys with assorted chains that could be used to
secure and discipline a slave girl.

	" I want you to keep your head in this position with your mouth wide
open when I remove the gag."

	The blonde beauty was too terrified to think about disobeying when he
jerked the rubber ball from her mouth.

	By grabbing a handful of hair, he pulled her head back further so she
could only stare at the ceiling.

	"Breathe through your mouth."

	As he said that, he pulled the dildo from his belt. When she was
breathing through her mouth as he had ordered, he inserted the giant dildo in
her mouth. He pushed it in only a centimeter or two before withdrawing it.

	"Explore it with your tongue."

	The tip of her tongue touched it, then withdrew. As he slid it in
further, she had no choice but to rub her tongue about it. He drew the dildo
out, then pushed it back in.

	"Breath through your mouth," he ordered again.

	This time he thrust the giant dildo deep into her mouth. He let go so
the weight of the thing kept it in her mouth.

	"I want you to think about this. I want you to think about what it would
be like to have it pushed in all the way. How would you like to have that thing
lodged in your throat? Think about what you would be willing to do to keep that
out of your mouth."

	So how did Joyce come to be in Canjac's kennel?

	That morning she had been a happily married housewife. Her husband
though had his eye on this cute little brunette who worked in a bookstore a
couple of streets over. What easier way was there to get rid of one's wife than
to turn her into a slave girl?

	He lured her out of town and into the collar of one of the slavers.

	

	Canjac saw her for sale and immediately bought her. There was little
wonder as Joyce had long blonde hair, a beautiful baby face, and huge boobs.

	The man pulled the dildo from her mouth after a minute and tossed it on
the table. As his hand came back, he pulled the ballgag from his belt. His left
hand pushed her head forward. Joyce opened her mouth when she saw the rubber
ball approaching it. The pink ball popped into her mouth as though it had been
custom made.  He pushed her head down so he had access to the nape of her neck
again. Once he had the ends of the strap buckled together behind her head so
could not say a word.

	He pulled her arms to her right to get at the cuffs. Once he had one
free, he pulled her arms in front of her. With the handcuffs off, he locked her
hands before her.

	Joyce's hands automatically dropped down to cover her pubic area.

	He smiled as he sat in a chair facing her.

	"Now I want you to show me what a good little slave girl you are. Pull
your pussy lips apart so I can get a better look at it."

	Tears welled up in the blonde's eyes as her hands moved apart. She had
no choice but to do was he said.

	"Now, I want you to show me what a good little slave girl you want to
be. Put both index fingers in your pussy. Good. Now play with yourself, but you
are not allowed to come without my permission. Play with yourself but stop when
you think you might come, only keep your fingers inside you."

	Joyce soon had her eyes closed at the sweet sensations she felt rubbing
her pussy. It even felt better than when all those men used her earlier in the
day. Her teeth clamped down on the rubber ball wedged in her mouth. Her nipples
became hard and pointed. She opened her eyes wide in anguish. She wanted so much
to come but was afraid of the punishment.

	She wanted to pull her hands away, but that would result in punishment
also.

	Maybe if she just left her fingers in there without moving them . . .

	"Ahhhhgggggghhhhhh!!!"

	Well, Joyce failed that test rather quickly. She wanted to cry when she
saw him eagerly leap to his feet. He grabbed something off the table, but she
could not see what it was.

	"Head down!"

	As he gave that order, he placed a hand on top her head. When she stared
at the floor, he had an easier time brushing her long tresses from the back of
her neck.  He unbuckled the ends of the strap.

	"Head up."

	When she looked straight ahead, he jerked the rubber ball from her
mouth. He quickly replaced it with a dildo-gag, the shaft five centimeters long.
She started to whimper when she felt the tip of the shaft in the back of her
throat.

	"Head down."						

	He buckled the ends of the strap together behind her head.

	He left her staring at the floor while he returned to the table for
another item. She raised her head to glance at him, but immediately brought it
back down again.

	This item was a leather blindfold. Foam rubber lined the edges so once
he had it buckled about her head, she could see nothing.

	"Since you enjoyed coming so much, your punishment will be to come five
times. If you show a lot of enthusiasm in sucking on that dildo, maybe I'll let
you come six or seven times."

	

	Joyce played with her pussy while she sucked on the dildo. She wanted to
cry. She was enjoying herself but knew he was training her to enjoy having a
cock in her mouth.

	"Mmmmfffttt!!"

	"That's one."

	That extra time or two would be nice. That dildo rammed into her mouth
was not that bad.

	"Mmmfffttt!!"

	"That's two."

	She was surprised how rapidly she achieved an orgasm. She had never come
this quickly before when she had been a free woman.

	"Mmmmfffttt!!"

	"That's three!!"

	Maybe it would not be so bad being a slave girl. She certainly enjoyed
the orgasms, even if she was doing it to herself.

	"Mmmmfffttt!!"

	"That's four!!"

	Maybe the shock of being collared had influenced her thinking. If
several men wanted to use her now, perhaps she would enjoy it more.

	"Mmmmffffttt!!"

	"That's five. Do you want to continue?"

	The buxom blonde thought about it for several seconds. Staring down at
the floor, she slowly nodded.

	"Two more times then, as long as I can see you are sucking on that
dildo."

	As Joyce masturbated into two more orgasms, she wondered if she was
capable of being trained to achieve an orgasm while sucking a real cock. A few
hours ago such a thought would have horrified her. Now it just intrigued her.

	"Seven!! Head down!!"

	He removed the blindfold and replaced the dildo gag with the ball gag
Joyce had worn earlier.

	"Now we are back to where we were before. You will continue to play with
yourself without coming.  That gag had a shaft five centimeters long. If you
have to be punished again, I will use one six centimeters long. Start playing
with yourself."

	What chance did Joyce have of not coming? Eight orgasms had primed her
body to come again. She did nothing more than wiggle her fingers and she felt
another orgasm wracking her body.

	"Aaaggghhhh!!"

	"I warned you. Six centimeters this time. Head down."

	Poor Joyce. This time he let her come eight times while she sucked on
the dildo. She was so exhausted at the end that she allowed herself to come
again as soon as he placed the ballgag in her mouth.

	"Have you been trying to be a good little slave girl, Joyce?"

	The blonde slowly nodded.

	"Do you want a reward for trying?"

	She nodded slowly.

	What reward could he give her?

	

	Removing the chains so she could bend over, he availed himself of her
exposed pussy. Her orgasms came faster than when she played with herself.

	"Remain bent over. Good little slave girls clean up after themselves."
He moved around in front of her. "Use the tip of your tongue and don't you dare
let any drip on the floor. Continue to play with yourself."

	Joyce opened her mouth wide to take his cock.

	"No, I did not give you permission to do that. Just use your tongue
until you come twice. Then I will give you permission to take my whole cock in
your mouth."

	The two orgasms came quickly, but not fast enough for the captive
beauty.

	"Take my whole cock in your mouth and suck on it until you come three
more times."

	Joyce obeyed without thinking. The orgasms exploded through her body.

	He rebound her as she had been before, complete with the ballgag.
Smiling politely, he resumed his seat.

	"We are now going to start over. If you come, you will suck on your
friend the five-centimeter dildo . . . "

	The question the astute reader will no doubt ask is: What role does
Joyce play in our narrative?

	Is it her long, flaxen hair?

	Her beautiful, baby face?

	Those massive, bulbous titties?

	No, none of those.

	"Well-rounded bottoms, that's what they recommend," Canjac commented,
reading from the brochure. He folded the glossy, tri-fold brochure back to its
original form and handed it to one of his men. "Get me eight of them."

	"You got any preference? Blondes? Brunette?"

	The men conversed in a hallway in the center of the complex. Working
their way down the hall toward them were a pair of French Maids, happily dusting
the baseboards.

	So you are liable to ask: Just how does a French Maid slave girl dust
something next to the floor?

	The answer is simple. The dusters were plumes extending from leather
gags. The gag, naturally enough were inserted in their mouths so the plumes
extended forward from their faces. The French Maid's wore singlegloves to keep
them helpless. They dusted the baseboards by facing the walls with legs spread
far apart. They reached the baseboard by bending over with their knees straight.
The tips of the plumes reached the baseboard. By moving their upper bodies and
heads to the right and left, they could drag the duster gently across the
object.

	If someone was in their way, such as Canjac, they continued dusting that
one spot until he moved. It was mindless, pointless work, well suited for an
obedient slave girl.

	And why were they happy, you ask?

	They were not wearing panties. Bent over as they were, they were showing
off their best asset. Each hoped that some man would take advantage of her
exposed condition. They energetically going about their work, they wiggled their
bottoms back and forward.

	"Make it eight of the newest girls. No sense in using the ones who are
submissive. Remember:: well-rounded bottoms."

	

	So that was the criterion used to choose Joyce. She was disappointed
when she was leashed and led to a room near the shipping dock.  She looked
around nervously at all the slave girls as she trotted to the far end of the
room. She had been here just an hour or two before when she arrived, but had
seen nothing because of the blindfold.

	Because of the size of the room, some training went on. Around the edge
of the area, a dozen slave girls were learning to walk in a coffle. All were
bound.  All were gagged. The leader of the group wore a pink slave girl's outfit
that allowed her to show off her assets while being fully dressed. She was an
experienced, obedient slave girl who took her submission seriously.

	Those behind her were new slave girls. Some still had trouble walking
about in those stiletto sandals. All wore garter belts to hold up their sheer
black stockings. Two slave girls wore nothing to support their titties. They had
been slave girls for a couple weeks and this was a refresher. The others wore
black, lace half-bras that lifted their titties without covering the nipples.

	All twelve were secured to their leader by tether lines, a chain running
front the front of one slave girl's collar to the collar of the slave girl
before her. After they learned to walk this way, they could go out in public
without embarrassing Canjac.

	Another group paraded around in a much smaller circle in the center of
the room. Once again, the leader wore a pink satin outfit. The four slave girls
who followed her were naked (except for the sandals). They were bound, they were
gagged, but the four who followed were also blindfolded. Once they could walk
about without hesitation, Canjac would contemplate selling them.

	He had high standards in both slave girls and masters. He would only
sell to masters who knew how to treat a slave girl properly.

	Masters.

	Not mistresses.

	Back to Joyce. The man led her to a wall where a couple of other slave
girls waited. He fished a copper pfenning from his pocket and held it up for her
to see.

	"If you let this coin drop, you will be punished," a man said as he
placed a coin under her nose. She leaned forward, pressing against the coin to
hold it in place. All she wore were stiletto-heeled sandals, handcuffs and a
ball gag.

	While the buxom blonde nervously awaited her fate, Canjac had a visitor,
Tiffany Thomson, a mistress who wanted to buy a blonde.

	"I'm sorry, I don't have any for sale at this time," he said, exerting
great self-control in staring at her face and not her chest.

	Tiffany was one of the most eligible bachelorette's in town, but she had
never found a man who met her high standard.

	"Bull! I know you have some. You showed them to Ike McMahon just
yesterday. You can't have sold them already!"

	"I withdrew them from the market. He wasn't interested in a blonde at
this time, and I thought the two I had needed more training."

	Was he telling the truth? Does Canjac ever tell a woman the truth? Let's
put it this way, his gaze had gone from her eyes to her throat as he imagined
what it would look like with a leather slave collar about her neck.

	"I'll train them myself."

	We know Canjac's aversion to gratuitous violence against slave girls so
that won't get her to change his mind.

	

	"I'm about to go out, or else I'd give you a tour of my compound. I
don't have any blondes here in town that are available for sale. Maybe if you
check back in a week or two."

	"What about your place outside the walls?"

	"As I said, I have no blonde slave girls for sale here at this time."

	Grunting her displeasure, Tiffany raised her cute little nose in the air
and stormed from the building.

	With a wave of his hand, Canjac motioned one of his men over to him.

	"Go out to the compound outside. Keep an eye out for her."

	"You think she might show up?"

	"Well, I did everything but stuff her in a slave sack and toss her in
the back of a wagon.."

	Joyce waited impatiently in the high bay area, her nose pressed against
that coin. Her tongue moved continuously over the curve of the rubber ball in
her mouth.

	She so wished it was a dildo.

	She paid little attention to the sounds about her as more slave girls
were brought in and others taken away. Finally, it was her turn to be processed.
A French maid attached a leash to Joyce's collar. When she pulled the buxom
blonde from the wall, the pfenning dropped toward the floor but the French Maid
caught it. Before pulling Joyce toward the work area, she tossed the coin to one
of the men watching. They had nothing to do. The French Maids had their
instructions. The men just wanted to watch.

	Two French Maids secured Joyce's long hair in pigtails high on the sides
of her head.

	A third worked on the strap holding the ballgag in her mouth. As soon as
she pulled it out, she lifted a pair of nylon panties toward the blonde's face.

	"I hope those are clean," the luscious captive thought to herself as the
slave girl stuffed them in one side of her mouth. Producing a second pair, she
wedged them in the other side. Using her fingertips, she continued to poke the
material until it all was in.

	(Even Joyce, novice that she was, knew that boded no good. One pair of
panties would ensure she said nothing. They were making certain she did not make
a peep. That could not be good.)

	By then the French Maids had finished with Joyce's hair. Each placed one
hand on top the blonde's head, and another under her jaw to press her mouth
shut.

	The third French Maid secured the panties in her mouth with a strip of
adhesive tape five centimeters wide, and long enough to run from ear-to-ear.

	The two removed her handcuffs, but held her hands against her sides
while the remaining girl good a roll of bright red adhesive tape.

	Beginning at the waist she wrapped the tape about Joyce's body, pinning
her arms to her sides. In seconds she had rendered the slave girl helpless
again.

	The others then retrieved their own rolls of tape. While the first
worked her way down the blonde's body, one started immediately below the large
boobs and worked her way up, running the tape diagonally to and fro so the huge
boobies were uncovered, but protruding from red tape.

	The remaining French Maid began at the blonde's feet, wrapping the tape
first about her ankles and then over her feet and under the arches of the shoes.

	These rolls were twenty meters long so each woman ran out pretty
quickly. When that happened, she got a new one. Overlapping where she had
stopped, each French Maid continued applying tape in the direction she had
begun.

	

	Joyce glanced down as the woman applied tape about her shoulders,
covering al that flesh. Joyce's neck was next (though she did allow the rings of
the slave collar in front and back to protrude).

	The woman moved the tape higher on Joyce's body, slowly covering her
jaw. The cheeks were next.

	In five minutes, the three had completed the job.

	Essentially they had covered the blonde's whole body with adhesive tape.
Her boobs stuck out in front while her well-rounded bottom protruded through an
oval gap in back. Her head, except for the pigtails and the top of her head was
encased in tape.

	They had positioned the tape so she could see through gaps, but the tape
about her neck made it so she could only stare straight ahead.

	She could not move, she could not resist, she could not cry out.

	All she could do was stand there while the men inspected her.

	"She looks okay."

	The man bent down before her. Suddenly the buxom blonde found herself
moving forward and down. She was draped over his shoulder. With tape covering
her face, she could only see the back of his legs.

	She felt herself moving against and landed on something hard that was a
meter above the floor.

	All she could see in that position was the ceiling and eventually she
lost sight of that. She heard them load another taped body next to her. Then
they started on a second row on top the first. A brown pigtail lay across her
face so she could see nothing.

	Joyce took what solace she could in the face that she was not alone.




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 62


	What we had in the high bay area of Canjac's compound was a wagon. For
the most part, it was an ordinary wagon. Harnessed before the wagon was a double
team of ponygirls, eight brunette pony girls secured in pairs, four on each
side. They were dressed the same, and all had the same shade of dark brown hair.
That there were eight instead of four ponygirls was the only thing to
distinguish this wagon from any other.

	Attending the pony girls are two slave girls dressed as French Maids.
Having finished brushing out the long ponytails of the four on her side, each
pulled out a feather duster and began dusting the leather harnesses securing the
beasts of burden to the wagon. They made certain to torment the captives by
running the feather dusters over their bare breasts. Few things were more
beautiful than a woman with hard, pointed nipples, aroused but unable to do
anything about it.

	The French Maids had light bondage with shackles connecting their wrists
before their bodies. The ponygirls had their wrists secured behind their backs
with leather straps so they were in no position to do anything about another
woman tormenting their titties.

	Dusting the harnesses was a rather pointless action, but it was
important to keep slave girls busy when they were not performing their main duty
- using their bodies to please their masters. The ponygirls knew that. What they
did was important. They had a function to perform. Each tossed her head,
allowing her long hair to billow gracefully. Occasionally, they would stomp a
hoofed high heel in frustration of just standing there. They were beautiful.
They were ponygirls. They were proud of their role. They wanted to be out on the
street where everyone could see them and admire them for hour beautiful they
were and how gracefully they moved.

	The French Maids wore those ridiculous black, satin outfits. The minimal
clothing emphasized their physical charms more than had they been totally naked.
Each ponygirl was glad she was a ponygirl and not a slave girl dressed as a
French Maid.

	The French Maids tried not to snicker through their ball gags. They were
dressed in sexy attire that was sure to attract the attention of every man who
saw them. (They especially enjoyed bending over to show off their black satin
panties.) These eight were merely beasts of burden. Protruding from the bottom
of each ponygirl was another ponytail that almost reached the ground. With each
step, the lower tail waved from side-to-side. With pussies and titties exposed,
they were as any other animals. No, the French Maids were glad they were not
ponygirls.

	The wagon the eight ponygirls were hitched to had a bed three meters
wide by four deep. There was plenty of room for the eight mummified slave girls.
Five lay on the bottom, while three more were stacked on top them.

	Joyce guessed they had placed her in a wagon when she heard they close
the gate and lock it. She could see nothing with that other captive's pigtail
laying across the gap in the tape were her eyes were. She tried to shake the
ponytail off her head, but the meters of tape about her head kept her from
moving it at all.

	The only parts of her body she could move were her feet, and even then,
she could only rotate them a little.

	So we have eight ponygirls and eight mummified slave girls (those eight
with the requisite "well rounded bottoms"). There were more to be added to this
scene.

	Next to come was lovely Lori. She still wore that parody of a French
Maid's outfit. Instead of a white lace apron in front, there was a gap in the
short skirt so everyone could see they had shaved off her pubic hair. If you
looked closely, you might see a little five o'clock shadow. If you rubbed your
hand across her pubic region, you might feel a little stubble. Yes, Lori has
been a good little slave girl. She has done nothing to cause Canjac to order
them to shave her again. She wanted nothing more than to please others and to be
used again and again.

	But first her pubic hair had to grow back.

	One of Canjac's men led her to the wagon using a leather leash. He used
it to tether the beautiful slave girl to the back of the wagon.

	The next slave girl to be added was Nadia. Remember Nadia? She had
fallen into the clutches of D. A. A. M. (Dominate Anti-Amazon Mistresses).  Poor
Nadia with her massive titties was a natural victim of that abuse that only a
mistress can inflict on a slave girl. When D. A. A. M. had tried to smuggle
itself into town as slave girls, they had included Nadia and all their other
slave girls. When the members of D. A. A. M. became Canjac's slaves, she became
his property.

	For this occasion, she wore a pink satin slave girl's outfit consisting
of a flared, micro-miniskirt and a halter-top. This last garment was the largest
they made, but it barely covered her massive boobs and provided no support at
all. (For those of you keeping track, Nadia's bosom are about the largest we
seen so far. Her tits, and those of the Twins' (whom we haven't met yet) are the
largest we will encounter. A coincidence that she has the biggest boobs and
Canjac has her tethered behind this wagon? I wouldn't count on it.)

	There is one more to add to those following the wagon. That would be
Nancy, formerly leader of D. A. A. M. and presently Canjac's favorite pony girl.
For this occasion, the beautiful brunette wore her usual attire of black leather
cuirass and straps. She wore a bitgag and a head harness that had blinders to
keep her from looking to either side. Short chains from the head harness to her
collar kept her from turning her head. She could only stare straight ahead.

	Though she was not in front of the wagon pulling it, Canjac treated her
as he always did.

	Where the first two slave girls were tethered to the wagon by leashes,
they used Nancy's reins to secure her in place.

	The shaking of the wagon told Joyce they were moving. Even with her view
blocked by the other slave girl's ponytail, the sudden brightness about it told
her they were outside the building. She wondered where they were going.

	She wondered where she had been.

	For a woman mummified in adhesive tape, there was nothing to do but wait
until someone chose to release her. Gradually, the shaking of the wagon caused
the pigtails to slide a little so the buxom blonde could see the sky above her.

	She could do nothing though. She had no idea where they were or where
they were going.

	Eventually they arrived at their destination.

	"Bring the wagon over here. We'll leave the two of them here while we
take care of the others."

	Joyce was fairly certain she was one of "the others" but she did not
recognize Canjac's voice.

	The "two" were Nadia and Nancy. Lori watched with fearful eyes as Canjac
led the two away. She did not want to be alone. She was afraid that she had been
singled out for some special punishment. (There was no reason for her to think
that though. After all, she had been a good little slave girl.)

	The men took the wagon down a gravel road behind some buildings. To the
right there was a large field with spectator stands on each side.

	Canjac left his men with the wagon while he walked around the building
to find out where to put the nine slave girls.

	"You got eight? Nice round bottoms?" As the man said that, he formed a
circle with the movement of both hands. "We have a storage area underground. The
girls get awful hot in that tape. It will keep them cool. It's part of an
underground passageway."

	Now that was very considerate. She might be helplessly mummified with
tape, her titties and bottom bared, but at least she wasn't going to overheat.

	The two men walked around the building to the wagon. Canjac had not
noticed it before, but there was a wood door in the middle of the wall. The man
opened it and threw a lever that put the weights into motion. Chains clinked as
they slid across pulleys. A wood panel half a meter inside the wall slowly
emerged into sight. When it came to a halt, a platform appeared on the same
level as the ground.

	"Bring the first over here."

	The device within the door was a common slave girl elevator. When you
have a woman so helplessly bound that she cannot walk, such a device comes in
handy.

	Two men slid the first captive from the bed of the wagon. As her feet
moved toward the ground, a man lifted her over his shoulder. It goes without
saying that a woman with a "well-rounded bottom" does not weigh much.

	The man toted the luscious bundle to the door, setting her on the ground
a meter from the opening. Canjac then helped the man lift her and turn her about
so she faced the opening.  With little effort they moved her inside, setting her
down so her feet rested on a bar eighteen centimeters above the platform. When
they pushed her body forward, the toes of the shoes touched the bottom, but it
was impossible for the captive to raise herself off that bar.

	While Canjac held her in place with a hand against her back, the man
pulled the straps across the buxom blonde's back and knees, pinning her in place
against the wood panel.

	Being on the bottom row, it took them a while to get to Joyce.
Eventually the buxom blonde found herself draped across a man's shoulder as he
carried her to the opening.

	When they had her strapped to the device, Joyce saw only the wood back
before her eyes. The tape about her head kept her from moving her head about to
see what was on either side. Her whole world consisted solely of the wood panel
before her.

	She panicked when the device shuttered. What if it dropped her to the
floor?  The device shuttered a second time before beginning to descend. Joyce
struggled a little, not knowing what was in store. Of course, escape was
impossible, and mummified as she was, she could not even wiggle about much.

	When she reached the bottom, she was in the exact same position she had
begun in.

	Unseen hands removed the straps and pulled her off. The captive beauty
found herself hoisted over a man's shoulder again.

	Once again, they set her down so the arches of the high-heeled sandals
were on a bar, only this time she faced forward. No straps held her in place.
Instead, they passed a small padlock between the ring on the back of her collar
and a ring protruding from the board.

	When the man let go of her, the buxom beauty could only stand there
helplessly, held erect by all the meters of tape about her body.

	When they had all eight mummified captives in that lower area, Canjac
led Lori around to the other side of the building. She wore so little they had
no need to keep her cool.

	Next to a path, Canjac pushed his slave girl so her back was against the
wall. The beautiful brunette automatically spread her legs far apart. Her master
secured her in the same manner that the slave girls in the lower area. She could
only face forward without having the slightest chance of running off.

	"Stand here and look pretty for everyone." As he taunted her, he slid
his hand across her pubic region.

	That left the former-Amazon standing in the open where everyone could
see her, where everyone would notice her shaved pussy. Everyone would wonder
what she had done to merit such punishment. (With the gag filling her mouth,
Lori was incapable of telling anyone.)

	Nancy and Nadia were taken an area several hundred meters away. Both
were secured to a hitching post. While the pair of slave girls waited patiently,
Canjac entered a building to finalize arrangements.

	Nancy was about to get an advanced course on being a pony girl, and
Nadia was going to help.

	The first step was to change the brunette's harness. Nancy wore a
typical ponygirl harness, complete with a bit gag and blinders, but this one was
special. (Canjac selected the features himself.)

	Instead of a bitgag, a large dildo filled the beautiful brunette's
mouth. Straps about her head held it in place just as they would a regular
bitgag. She could grunt, but not very loudly. Instead of the blinders that would
only limit her sight on either side, they fastened a pair of leather pads over
her eyes. Nancy could see nothing.

	She took tentative steps as a man pulled on her reins to take her to the
training sulky. Within a couple minutes of Canjac paying the fee, they had the
beautiful ponygirl in her traces. Though she could not see the sulky behind her,
she had spent so much time dragging one around that she knew it was there.

	That left Nadia. If they expected Nancy to move about without seeing,
she needed guidance. Nadia would provide that.

	First through, she had to be property accessorized.

	They removed the halter-top, replacing it with a wood and leather
contraption that at first seemed to be a parody of a bra. One wood board ran
across her chest under those large titties, the other below. Straps from the
ends ran around her body to hold it in place.

	Large screws on each end held the boards together. They slowly tightened
the screws, drawing the boards together until they had those large mounds
crushed between the boards.

	While this former Amazon was concerned about the boards crushing her
breasts, that worry was unfounded. What she needed to worry about were the
clamps they placed on each nipple. At the end of each was a chain. Pulling on
the chain caused the clamp to tighten. The more pressure, the tighter it would
crush her sensitive nipples.

	They ran the chains through rings on the boards but did not fasten them.

	Holding the buxom captive by her upper arms, they guided her to the seat
of the sulky. In seconds they had her strapped in. She sat on the seat with a
leather belt about her waist to hold her in place. They raised and spread her
legs to fit her high heels in leather cuffs. They had no need to buckle them
tight. Simply pulling on the strap pulled the band of leather securely about the
arched instep.

	They rang chains from the harness on either side of Nancy's mouth to
pulleys on the sulky under Nadia. More chains ran up to the device at her chest.

	"What you have to do is quite simple. You are going to take this cute
little pony girl out for a ride. Since she can't see, you are going to have to
give her directions by pulling on the reins. Since your hands are cuffed behind
your back, you'll have to use your body, or more specifically, those big titties
of yours."

	As he said that, Canjac patted the brunette's left tit.

	He pointed down the track where eight orange barrels marked out the
obstacle course.

	"For your first run, just take her down to the end of the barrels,
circle around and come back here."

	Nadia jerked her body around to try to flick the reins to get Nancy
moving, but could not.

	"Bend forward and jerk your body up. Do it twice."

	Bending forward created slick in the reins.

	Jerking her body up caused the slack to disappear from the reins.

	Unfortunately it also caused the clamps to pinch her nipples.

	Nadia had other things to worry about as Nancy had started forward at a
trot.  Nadia realized immediately that they would collide with a barrel long
before they reached the end of the line. She had to get Nancy to veer to her
right. Twisting her body about, she pulled back on the right rein, causing the
clamp to crush her right nipple.

	Nancy turned away from the barrels.

	They had survived that near crises. Now they approached the end of the
line of barrels. She had to guide the pony girl around in a half circle. To do
that, she had to twist her body back in the other direction, causing the clamp
to crush her left nipple. She tried to scream through the gag at the continual
pain. To guide ponygirl Nancy around in a half circle, she had to cause the
clamp to pinch that nipple tightly for almost a minute. To her horror, she
discovered Nancy heading directly for the barrels again. She had to turn to the
right, pinching the nipple on that side.

	To her horror, Nancy was now head toward a fence. Nadia twisted her body
around to the left. The gag suppressed another scream.

	"Turn her around. Turn her around."

	They had completed a full circuit, but Canjac wanted her to make another
lap.

	Nadia had to tortured herself further in getting Nancy to pull the sulky
so she faced down the track again.

	"That wasn't too bad, not for the first time. She slowed up making the
turn. Do it again and keep her going until I tell you to stop. I want her to
make those turns at a good speed."

	As he said that, he rubbed his fingertips across her pussy, enough to
get her excited but not enough to allow her to come.

	"Get going."

	As he said that, he slapped her on the bottom. She repeated the process
of leaning forward and jerking her body upright. The clamp closed on her nipples
before Nancy started forward at a trot.

	The ponygirl drifted toward the right this time. Nadia allowed her to go
that direction until they neared the end. This enabled them to make the turn at
a fairly fast clip. They moved back toward the men at a slow trot. At their
approach the men moved toward the building to give Nancy room to make the turn.
Nadia twisted her body about to guide Nancy around the turn.

	Tears began to form in her eyes.

	Down and back, down and back. After half a dozen circuits, Nancy had it
route down pat. She could trot at her normal pace, even though she was
blindfolded.

	Canjac signaled her to bring Nancy to a halt in front of him.

	She was glad this was over. Her nipples ached continuously.

	"Now turn her around, and do it in the other direction."

	The other direction. Nancy's training and Nadia's torment were not over.
She had to trot in more ovals, only this time the emphasis of the pain changed
from her left tittie to the right.

	She pulled her body back to bring Nadia to a halt.

	Her nipples now had a dull pain.

	"Now weave in and out among the barrels."

	That would mean the same pain as before, alternating between one side
and the other. Only it would come more often now. The turns were sharper,
forcing her to pull more forcibly on the rein to get the pony girl to turn in
that direction she wanted.

	Eventually, Nancy missed a turn. Nadia pulled her body back to bring her
to a halt. For several seconds she sat there, wondering how she was going to get
the pony girl to back up. Then it dawned on her.

	She leaned back further. The clamps crushed her nipples so much that
they almost came together. The ponygirl moved in the correct direction slowly.
When Nadia believed she had moved backwards far enough, she leaned forward, then
back. Nancy started toward the right at a trot. Nadia twisted her body about,
causing the clamp to crush her left nipple. Nancy turned in that direction.

	Canjac watched most of the workout, but was distracted as a number of
men came over to watch.

	"Are you interested in selling?"

	Canjac sold only to select individuals who knew how to take care of a
slave girl. He knew none of these men.

	"Nope. I'm thinking of entering her in a race on Saturday."

	"She ever race before?"

	"Nope."

	"What classification?"

	"Forty-five and under. The Maiden Stakes."

	"She have much practice?"

	"Just drayage."

	"She'll lose in the start but she might do well after a couple of
races."

	While Nancy did not have experience racing, she did have endurance
pulling the wagon about.	

	Nadia and Nancy had completed another circuit, their twentieth or
thirtieth. They made a circle at the end and started back down the course.

	"You should be practicing starts. That's where you'll lose."

	"I'm not training the pony girl. This is just a sporting venture. I'm
training the jockey."

	They watched in silence as Nadia drew back on the reins, causing Nancy
to back up.

	Canjac smiled.

	"Once those nipples heal, I think she will want to do anything to
please."




Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 63

	

	What nefarious actions had occurred back in that underground area where
Joyce, with her well-rounded bottom, waited?

	As the man said, that storage area was a passageway between buildings.
On one side were the spectator seats for the training area where people could
watch ponygirls being put through their paces. On the other side was the museum.

	In the middle was Joyce, mummified in adhesive tape and forced to stand
where everyone walking past could see those oversized melons protruding through
gaps in the tape.

	People passing from one area to the other would walk past the eight
helpless captives. The captives appeared to be little more than statues. Until a
woman has been encased in tape, she has no idea just how immobile such a captive
is. No one passing by realized the eight slave girls were frantically struggling
to get free of their bondage.

	As for the slave girls, there was little for them to see.

	Standing on the bar, Joyce's head was higher than those of people
walking by. As the result, she could see nothing. Occasionally she caught the
glimpse of the top of someone's head, but that was about it.

	She could not see, but she could certain hear.

	"Look at them! I wonder if they're going to turn them into ponygirls."

	Being turned into a ponygirl was a threat that had not occurred to
Joyce. She would think about it later, but right now she concentrated on placing
that voice. It was a woman's voice, a voice she had heard before. Someone she
would know, and someone would know her. She wondered why how she could get them
to help her.

	Lips landed on her left boob. With the tongue lapping away, it took only
seconds for the nipple to become hard and pointed. Her body had not recovered
from her session in which she played with herself. She wanted the woman to stop,
and then again she wanted her to continue.

	"Slave girl nipple, a tasty treat."

	Who did that voice belong to?

	"Want a lick?"

	"I'll try the other one."

	That voice she recognized! That was her little sister Missy! Joyce
struggled furiously with her bondage to try to find a way of telling her sister
she was there.

	"Ohhh, she's getting hot."

	The other voice, she recognized it now. It belonged to Missy's friend
Carolyn, who misinterpreted her efforts to escape as the throes of ecstasy.

	Well, to be truthful, she was becoming aroused. She started wiggling
about to try to escape, but Carolyn's lips and tongue on her nipple was getting
her more excited. Though she did not want to admit it, she enjoyed Missy licking
and sucking on the right tittie. If the women did not stop soon, she would
forget about getting away.

	"Come on, there's lots more to see. Remember, I've got those half price
coupons for 'Connie's Cunnilingus Lounge.' I'd like to use them."

	Speaking of cunnilingus, Joyce certain would not mind if Carolyn put her
face down between her legs for a little tongue action. The tape about her hips
made it impossible for Carolyn to do anything, but the buxom blonde could wish.
Joyce was well on her way to becoming a good little slave girl. The reward of
sexual pleasure, or the punishment of denial of it, would be her greatest
motivating factor in her career as a slave girl.

	Joyce tried to scream through the gag as she heard them move off. She
could not because of the gag and the layers of tape across her mouth. From the
sounds to her right, it sounded as though Missy and Carolyn had stopped to
torment another slave girl. In a couple of minutes the silence told her they had
left.

	Joyce's sister coming through while she stood there helplessly bound.
Talk about coincidences!!

	After almost an hour, they came for Joyce and the others. The blonde had
no idea where they were taking her or what her fate was to be. She heard sounds
to her right and correctly guessed that one of her companions was being taken
away. The sounds grew near, and then it was Joyce's turn. A man tossed her over
his should and took her to another slave girl elevator, identical to the first,
but on the other side of the building. Five minutes after they released her from
the framework where she had waited, she was on ground level in the sunlight.

	Before, they had bound her so her back was to the framework. This time
they secured her facing a board. Once again they placed her feet on a bar so she
could not move them about. This bar was adjustable. They strapped the blonde to
the board, one broad leather strap about her waist and another about her upper
shoulders.

	Her bare titties protruded though holes in the board. Bound as she was,
she could not pull them out.

	When they had her secured as they wanted her, the board moved, carrying
the buxom cargo with it. Joyce moved a meter to her left and turned a bit to the
right.

	Five minutes later she moved again. Five minutes after that, she moved
again.

	When the men had all eight slave girls in place, they adjusted the
height of the bars so all the bare, well-rounded bottoms were at the same height
above the ground.

	The final stage was to engage rubber brushes at points between the
boards.

	The eight boards formed an octagonal with the eight slave girls facing
the center. When the gears were engaged, the device rotated so all advanced one
position. After eight such movements, they were back in their original
positions.

	Every time they moved, their breasts rubbed across the rubber bristles
of the brushes. The slave girls found themselves becoming stimulated whether
they wanted to or know. They struggled to find some way of giving themselves
pleasure but bound as they were, that was impossible. They were merely slave
girls. Their master determined when they would have pleasure, how much, and how
often.

	Since Joyce's role in this scene is static, let us switch to Lori, who
has a more active role to play.

	During this whole time, she had remained tethered outside the building.
People wandering by would look at her shaved pussy and laugh. Some pointed out
her condition to those who might have missed it.

	The little slave girl wanted to be back safely in Canjac's compound.

	(Anyone doubt that she has learned her lesson?)

	When they came for her, she was afraid that they would have some worse
form of public exhibition with which to humiliate her.

	Canjac recognized her good behavior. He intended to reward her for it.

	A device resembling a sulky faced the device where Joyce and the other
seven well-rounded bottoms waited..

	"Sit there."

	There was no seat, just a wide metal bar with a huge dildo protruding
from it. The beautiful slave girl turned about and sat down on the shaft.
Wiggling back and forth, she tried to slid it into her using her body weight. A
man grabbed her by the shoulders to push her down.  With one arm about her
slender waist to hold her in position, he fastened a leather belt about her
waist so she could not raise herself from the dildo.

	Another man pulled Lori's right leg to that side and secured it to a
stirrup with another strap. When he had done the same to her left leg, Lori sat
there with her leg spread wide apart.

	Now, the device had another attachment that the men did not use (on
Canjac's explicit orders.) They could raise a rubber dildo so it lay against the
slave girl's pussy. Each time the device with the eight well-rounded bottoms
rotated, the dildo rotated, rubbing dozens of little scrubby knobs against the
seated slave girl's pussy lips.

	Lori's pussy was off-limits until her pubic had grown back.

	A man lowered a bar until it was a chest level about a meter in front of
her.

	With the device and Lori ready, they removed the cuffs.

	"Hold this with your left hand."

	The man pulled the strap dangling from the bar. It was just like holding
the reins to a ponygirl.

	"Hold this with your right."

	Lori's eyes opened wide in surprise as the man handed her a whip. The
handle was a meter and a half long a short thong on the end.

	"Hold it out toward the left cheek." He gestured toward the left
bottomcheek of the slave girl in the device before her.

	"Now snap it against the left cheek."

	Snap!

	Lori was used to slave girls withering about and trying to scream
through gags as Cathy whipped their fannies. She assumed she had not hurt the
slave girl as she heard no sound. Of course, the slave girl tried to scream, but
between the panties stuffed in her mouth and the tape about her head no one
heard anything.

	"The right cheek now. Don't be afraid to put some power into it."

	Snap!

	Chunkada.

	The device rotated one-eighth of the way around, bringing a new pair of
bottomcheeks before Lori.

	All eight slave girls murmured moans of pleasure as their nipples were
dragged across the rubber brushes.

	"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm."

	"Do it again, the left check then the right."

	Lori swung the tip of the whip to her left.

	Snap!

	Bringing it to the right, she flicked the whip again.

	Snap!	

	Chunkada.

	Joyce had not idea why she was bound like this. She did not like being
so immobile, but it felt good when her nipples were caressed by the rubber
bristles. She tried to move her shoulder back and forth but discovered she could
not. The stimulation of her body was something over which she had no control.
They brought her pleasure.

	Chunkada.

	"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm."

	Snap!

	Pain shot through her left bottomcheek.

	Snap!

	Before she could react, she felt another twinge in her right.

	Chunkada.

	Joyce did not know what to think. Her chest felt good, but her ass
burned. Neither sensation was dominant..

	Chunkada.

	Of course, it felt good having her nipples so lovingly caressed.

	Chunkada.

	"We're going to put it on automatic now. Once the buns stop, you will
have two seconds, one for each check. You might miss a few at first, but keep
practicing and soon you will have delivered both blows and will be waiting for
the device to move."

	Lori tensed her body, waiting for the device to begin operating. The men
had to engage certain gears and unlock others to cause it to work on its own.

	Chunkada.

	Snap! Snap!

	Chunkada.

	Snap! Snap!

	Joyce tensed as the device turned.

	Chunkada!

	"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm."

	She could tell she was moving in a circular motion that would bring her
back to where she had felt the pain in her bottom. Staring at the board
centimeters before her face, she could not see Lori plying the whip. The tape
about her head kept her from hearing much either.

	Chunkada!

	"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm."

	Snap! Snap!

	The buxom blonde struggled with her bondage again but to no avail.

	Chunkada.

	She moved to the left and forward. It felt good as her nipples were
dragged across those rubber bristles.

	Chunkada.

	Soon though she would be back where she felt the pain.

	Chunkada.

	On the other end of the training facility, Canjac had Nancy and Nadia
tethered to the back of the wagon in anticipation of returning to his compound.
The training of the ponygirl and her jockey was at an end.

	A messenger interrupted his thoughts. A glance at the note brought a
smile to his lips.

	"Will there be a reply?"

	"No, but there is another message I want you to deliver."

	Canjac arrived at the other training area after making arrangements to
enter Nancy in the race Saturday night. He stood several steps behind Lori with
the men, watching as Lori flicked the end of the whip against one pair of cheeks
after another. Joyce came by twice while he stood there, but he did not know who
she was. All he saw were eight pairs of bright red fannies.

	The training session did not last long. There was little they could
teach a slave girl. If Lori practiced too much, her wrist would begin to ache
and she would not be able to perform when her master wanted her to.

	A couple hours after they arrived, the men brought around the wagon.
Nancy and Nadia were already tethered to it. Lori soon joined them. The eight
slave girls, still mummified in tape, were placed on the bed of the wagon, this
time face down, so everyone could see the red marks on their fannies.

	Joyce found herself on top this time. A man carried her to the wagon and
laid her down on top two other slave girls. She made no effort to resist as she
had learned her lesson. She knew just how helpless she was. Given the
opportunity she would show her master just how much she wanted to please him.

	Canjac smiled at Lori as he took her left tit in his hand. He kneaded
the supple mound while his fingertips played with the nipple.

	"I have special plans for you this Saturday, Lori. You are going to be
the sulky driver in a very interesting race.

	One of his men waited for him inside the high bay doors.

	"You got a visitor, Boss."

	Canjac outlined with both hands the curves of a woman. The man nodded.

	"Where?"

	"Your office."

	In his office he found waiting for him one of the most beautiful blondes
in town, Tina Dacey.

	"My Dear, it is so nice to see you."

	He took her hand and kissed it. Bending over he could not help but
notice her massive titties. No, they weren't close in size to Nadia's, but since
she was ten or twelve centimeters shorter, they appeared even larger.

	She looked wary at him. She knew many women had visited him and had
never appeared in public as free women.

	Okay, she was beautiful, but not that bright. She should not have come.

	"There is something I want you to see."

	He opened the door and gestured into the hallway. Once they were there,
he motioned to the left.

	"Are you aware the Tiffany Thomsom has been telling people how much she
would like to have you as a slave girl?"

	"That little bitch! I thought she was my friend."

	They stopped at a door. Canjac turned the knob but did not open it
immediately.

	"I am a fair man in search of justice in the world. So I thought you
might be interested..."

	He pushed the door open for the buxom blonde to enter. Tina took a step
in before she saw the main attraction.

	"My goodness!!"

	Tiffany knelt on the floor wearing a garter belt, sheer black stockings,
high heeled black sandals, and most importantly, a slave collar.

	"How?"

	"She was outside the city's walls and I'm afraid she made herself too
obnoxious. I was over at the racetrack getting ready for this week's race when I
heard out this. Since she had come here just last week asking me to help her get
a collar on you, I naturally though of you first."

	The beautiful brunette grunted her rebuttal. She could say no more as a
rather large ballgag filled her mouth. Of course, she could not remove it as her
hands were handcuffed behind her back. Ropes about her legs made it impossible
for her to rise.

	She looked like any other slave girl.

	"Do you have any plans for Saturday?

	"No-o0."

	"Then be my date for the races. I have a ponygirl entered in one of the
races."

	"So?"

	"Until then, Tiffany is yours. Bring her to the racetrack."

	"Why?"

	"Well, you have to admit that she is a notch above your usual arrogant
bitch. I think a few days of pleasing you will make her so much more
appreciative of being owned by a man."

	"Will you sell her to me?"

	"We'll talk about that on Saturday."

	"What do I have to do?"

	"Take her home and train her."

	Canjac placed a hand against the back of the brunette's head to push it
down. This enabled him to get a better look at her bottom.

	"Sweet sixteen and never been spanked," he commented, knowing that
Tiffany was twenty-one or twenty-two. 'She needs her first spanking as a slave
girl."

	That caused the blonde's blue eyes to light up.

	"I get to give her first spanking?"

	"I assume you know the ritual."

	Tiffany certainly did, and grunted her disapproval.

	"So what do I have to do?"

	"Take her home and train her. Oh, there's one more thing. Since she was
collared outside the city's walls they had no trouble bringing her inside but
she still isn't registered." He pulled some papers from a holder on the wall.
"You will need to take these to the office of slave girl registration to make it
official."

	"Can I take her now?"

	"Be my guest."

	Canjac motioned toward the kneeling slave girl and stepped back.

	"Maybe I should give her a spanking first."

	The kneeling brunette looked up at Canjac and grunted a plea of help.

	Canjac only smiled.




Slave Girls in Bondage



Chapter 64	



	While we wait for the races on Saturday night, what was Missy's reaction
to her sister's disappearance?

	She did not like her brother-in-law so in her mind he was the chief
suspect regarding her disappearance. A few indiscreet inquiries told her
nothing, but she still believed he had somehow sold Joyce as a slave girl.

	She met Carolyn at the diner. Robyn was still working the cash register,
giving no better service than she had before.

	"Where do you think she might be? Isn't it illegal to enslave a woman
inside town?"

	"Inside town! Inside town! He probably lured her outside so it would be
legal."

	Seated in the next booth was Lorraine, one of the Amazons we have
encountered off and on. The beautiful brunette had noticed Missy as soon as she
entered. The Amazons could always sense a virgin. The young blonde's concern for
her sister made her vulnerable to the machinations of a ruthless mistress.
Lorraine was ready to fill the bill.

	She listened carefully; taking note of the details Missy gave out. She
quickly assumed Joyce was a blue-eyed blonde as her sister was, but was taller
and much more buxom. She wished she had got her hands on Joyce, but her younger
sister would do.

	She waited until Carolyn left before making her move.

	"Excuse me. I hope this isn't too forward of me, but I could not help
but overhear your conversation."

	Missy gave her a puzzled looked as the Amazon slid into the booth where
Carolyn had been seated seconds before.

	"Your sister, is she about this tall?" She held her hand up indicating
average height. "Blonde hair, a baby face?"

	She guessed at this last one.

	"Yes! Have you seen her?"

	"I may have. I saw someone looking like her a few minutes ago."

	"Where? Where?"

	"Let me check this out first. There is a place where women are kept
bound until they can be smuggled out of town and brought back in legitimately.
Do you know where the Old Town Ice Cream Shoppe is on Victoria Street?"

	"I know Victoria Street. I can find that Ice Cream place."

	"There is an alley opposite it. It's 9 o'clock now. At 11, go down that
alley. I don't know which door it is so keep an eye out for me. I'll smuggle you
in and you can look around."

	We all know that no young woman should follow the advice of an Amazon,
but Missy didn't. At ten minutes before the appointed hour, she paced back and
forth in front of the Old Town Ice Cream Shoppe. At precisely 11, she started
down the alley. She had taken only a few steps when Lorraine stepped from a door
and motioned her forward.

	"Hurry! The coast is clear now."

	Missy bounded down the alley at a run and brushed past the Amazon to get
inside.

	"Wait here."

	Lorraine moved to the end of the corridor, paused to look in both
directions, then frantically motioned the young woman forward. She disappeared
down a corridor to the left. Missy found her waiting in an open doorway a few
steps away.

	"Wait in here."

	"What place is this?

	"Billy's Bargain Blondes. Have you heard of it?"

	The young blonde replied with a shake of her head.

	"Don't make a sound. I have another errand of mercy to take care of."

	The blonde looked around the room once Lorraine had closed the door
behind her. She had no doubts about the function of the bench and the chairs in
the room. To confirm her thoughts she opened a drawer in a cabinet. It was full
of ballgags.

	This roomed was for slave girls. She could not tell whether it was for
breaking them, or allowing them to please a master or mistress. She had no doubt
what went on in there in general.

	Rolled up on the floor next to the cabinet were clothes, the clothes of
a free woman. Under them were shoes. The young blonde nudged them with the toe
of her right foot.

	"What are they doing here?" she asked out loud.

	Five minutes after she left, Lorraine arrived with a pair of bound
women. Each was a brunette with dark features. They were about the same height,
and if someone told you they were sisters (which they were not), you would have
no reason to doubt the veracity of the statement.

	One woman wore a short yellow slave girl's minidress. Her arms were
secured behind her back with handcuffs and a bright red rubber ballgag filled
her mouth. She wore a black leather slave collar to which a leash was attached.
Lorraine held the leash.

	The other woman wore nothing but high heels.

	She had less freedom than the woman who was dressed, as someone had
bound her hands behind her back with cords. Not content with making her
helpless, they had passed more ropes about her upper body, pinning her arms to
her sides.

	She too wore a ballgag and a collar. Lorraine held her leash too.

	Lorraine let go of both leashes as soon as she had the door closed.

	"Let me get those cuffs off you, then you help me with your sister."

	Missy stood to the side with her mouth open in wonderment as the woman
in the minidress removed her collar once her hands were free. The ballgag came
next. Once rid of all the bondage paraphernalia, she turned her attention to the
captive Lorraine had identified as her sister.

	The brunette looked over at Missy.

	"Do you have anything we can use to cut these cords?"

	"I don't know. I'll look."

	Missy located a nail file. Lorraine used it to cut through the cords
about the brunette's waist. Next she cut those around the brunette's chest above
her titties, and lastly about her wrists.

	Once she was free, the two former captives hugged.

	"Come on. You're not safe yet."

	The two dressed and were gone in a couple of minutes.

	"What was that about?"

	"I know this place well. Molly dressed up as a slave girl to identify
her sister Amy."

	"Do you want me to dress up as a slave girl?"

	"Oh, no! The risk is too great. Just describe your sister and I'll try
to find her."

	Lorraine paid no attention to Missy's description, as she was sure Joyce
wasn't here.

	"I'll look. I'll be back."

	The brunette returned five minutes later.

	"I never realized there were so many blondes here. Does your sister have
any identifying birthmarks or anything like that?"

	"I don't know."

	"Well, I'll try again."

	Lorraine returned a few minutes later leading a blonde. She had blue
eyes and blonde hair, but other than that, did not resemble Joyce at all.

	"Is this your sister?"

	"No. She's shorter, and, you know, bigger."

	Missy indicated big tits with her hands.

	"Let me try again."

	Lorraine led the blonde out, returning five minutes later with a second
slave girl.

	"That's not her," Missy burst out as soon as she saw her.

	Lorraine had several hours before her meeting so she could afford to
bring the blondes in one at a time until Missy suggested it herself.

	"How about dressing me as a slave and taking me in?"

	"That would be very risky. What if something went wrong?"

	"That's the only way we'll find her!"

	"Well, there's a dress and shoes. And you had better put that collar on.
If you're running about in that short skirt without a collar, people will think
something is wrong. Let me get rid of this little plaything," she added, nodding
at the latest blonde slave girl she had brought in.

	She returned while Missy was trying on the dress. She stared into the
ubiquitous full-length mirror as she tugged down on the flared skirt with both
hands.

	"It certainly is short," she said looking over at Lorraine.

	The Amazon took her time answering.

	"Look on the bright side. It will draw attention to your legs. No one
will notice your face."

	Missy turned around to look at herself from another angle. She tugged
down on the hem in back as she mumbled, "I just wish I had panties to wear."

	Of course, the cotton panties she wore would tell everyone who saw them
something was amiss.

	"So no one recognizes you out there, you can wear this."

	She held up a leather blindfold.

	"I want to be able to see."

	"Just try it on."

	The young blonde held it up to her eyes for a few seconds, then pulled
it down to look at it.

	"It has holes in it."

	"Yeah, but anyone seeing that on you will think you're blindfolded."

	She gave the blonde an exaggerated wink.

	"Here, you put this on yourself."

	She handed the future slave girl the slave collar Amy had worn. What
more fitting justice than Missy put it on herself?

	While she buckled it about her neck, Lorraine formed her hair into two
long pigtails, held in place by rubber bands.

	"Ready?"

	The blonde nodded.

	Lorraine held up the handcuffs.

	"Turn around with your hands behind your back."

	Missy was beginning to have second thoughts about all this but it was
too late for her to escape. Amy and Molly waited to lend assistance if the
luscious young woman balked at being bound. To the Amazon this was only a game
and a means to get a little extra money.

	Lorraine wrapped a cuff about Missy's left wrist, squeezing it tight so
she could not extract her hand. When she did the same to the other cuff, the
blonde was a helpless prisoner.

	She was now a slave girl; only she did not know it yet.

	"Oh! I almost forgot this."

	She held up the ballgag before the blonde's mouth. Missy hesitated for a
few seconds before opening her mouth wide. The Amazon quickly slipped the rubber
ball in the young woman's mouth, turned her so she faced away from her, and
buckled the ends of the strap together behind her head.

	"We'll go down the corridor. We have to pass through this room where
there are some masters and mistresses and slave girls. I don't think she's in
there but before we go in, I'll put the blindfold on. Okay?"

	The blonde nodded.

	Like she had any choice in the matter now.

	Lorraine attached a leash to Missy's collar before opening the door.

	"I'll check to see if the way is clear."

	She stuck her head out and looked to the left where Army stood in a
doorway. A slight nod of the head told her they were ready in that direction.
For appearance's sake, she glanced back to the right.

	"Let's hurry before someone comes."

	A dozen steps up the hall brought them to the door where Amy had been.

	"Try not to be real obvious when you look around. It may take a few
seconds to get used to the blindfold so don't worry if you don't see anything at
first. It's kind of dark in there so your eyes will take a few seconds to get
adjusted to the darkness.  I'll lead you across the room, and then we'll wait
next to the door on the other side. Then you can check to see if Joyce is in the
room."

	She slipped the blindfold over the blonde's eyes. Had Missy been paying
more attention (or had see been smarter) she would have seen that Lorraine had
palmed a different blindfold. As the Amazon had warned, she could see nothing.
She blinked as she tried to see through the non-existent holes.

	Lorraine led her across the room toward a post twenty centimeters in
diameter. When she had the blonde in position, she grabbed Missy by the hands as
Amy and Molly each grabbed a leg and pulled out. Missy's legs were spread wide
before she could react. Lorraine jerked her arms in the air, forcing her to bend
over. While one hand held the captive's hands, the other forced her head down.
The Amazon pushed her body forward, pressing her back against the post. The top
of Missy's head was only centimeters above the floor.

	Lorraine held the captive's arms in that position while her two friends
ran ropes from the blonde's ankles to rings in the floor. With that done, Missy
could not draw her legs together.

	By then, she struggled furiously with her bondage and made animal
grunting noises through the gag.

	Amy moved around to the other side of the post with a rope. In seconds
she had Missy's cuffed hands tied to the posts.

	This left the young captive bent over with her legs spread. When they
removed the blindfold, she could see back between her legs. Her pussy was only
centimeters from her eyes.

	Struggling against her bondage, Missy did not notice at first that they
were not alone. Seated next to the door, watching the operation was a man.

	He was Billy, owner of "Billy's Bargain Blondes."

	Missy was about to become his newest "bargain blonde."

	"Well?" asked Lorraine. "What do you think?"

	Slowly the man came to his feet and advanced on the helpless captive.

	Missy had hopes she could get away, but we all know that was impossible.
Bent over wearing that short skirt, her pussy was visible to anyone standing
behind her.

	"In this position all, blondes long the same."

	"She's a virgin."

	"What good is a virgin slave girl?"

	He inserted a finger in the blonde's pussy and gently massaged it.
Missy's whimpering told him she was becoming aroused.

	"How much?"

	"She's worth a couple of crowns."

	"Do you have papers for her?"

	This was a private enterprise the three were working. Any profit they
make would go into their pockets, not the Amazons' coffers. They had no papers
for the blonde.

	Missy and found herself sold for a crown and five silver thalens.  It
was a bargain price.

	Missy had just discovered how inexpensive she was.  She had become a
body to be bought and sold, and to be used and abused.

	"Let's go my office and we'll finalize the deal."

	A couple minutes after they left, two mistresses entered the room.  Both
were brunettes.  Both were responsible for blondes into willing slave girls.

	Their next project was Missy.

	The blonde did not want to be a slave girl, but Missy had no say in the
matter.  When they were finished with her, she would be to be a slave girl.

	The first order of business was to teach Missy the meaning of pain.

	The brunette mistresses accomplished that with small leather paddles.

	"Whose goes first?"

	"You went first last time."

	"Then let me pick the target."

	"Okay."

	Missy overheard the discussion but could only see their legs. She felt
fingertips slowly slid across her flesh. On the right bottomcheek the fingertips
moved up next to her crack, then down the outside.

	"Here."

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	"Here."

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	"Here."

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	"Here."

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	"You think this bimbo blonde has learned her lesson?"

	"I don't know.  She doesn't seem very bright to me.  After all, she
allowed herself to be bound in this position.  I think she needs more education. 
It's my turn now."

	One mistress handed the other the paddle. She did not indicate which
parts of Missy's anatomy to strike. She knew the blows should fall on those
areas that were already red so they would hurt more.

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Missy continued to cry out with each blow as though her plaintive cries
meant anything to these two.

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Smack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	While she waited for the second mistress to finish delivering her blows,
the first selected a leather paddle for the next round. This paddle was twice as
long and half as wide as the wooden one. The blows would cover both bottom
cheeks.

	"Round Two. Having fun, Missy?"

	This time, she delivered ten blows, five on the lower part of her bottom
where the cheeks were the roundest, and five at the top. She handed that paddle
to the second mistress who delivered another ten on top the first ten.

	When they finished, the blonde captive's bottom was bright red.

	She fondled the blonde's bottom as she twisted her head around so she
could see the captive's face.

	"Have you learned your lesson yet? We can punish you as much as we want
and there is nothing you can do about it. Are you ready to be trained as a slave
girl? Grunt twice if the answer is 'yes.'"

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!!"

	"I think she is ready for the serious training now."

	"I agree."

	The two did not believe Missy would agree to be a slave girl after a few
dozen blows to her fanny. Okay, it did happen once in a while that they came
across a blonde so docile that the first blow would have her begging for a
collar. That did not happen often.

	The first mistress had removed from a rack on the wall a paddle
identical to the one her friend welded.

	"Let us know when you change your mind."

	One stood on each side of the captive so they could work together.

	Smack!

	As she drew the paddle back, the other mistress whipped hers forward.

	Smack!

	The other paddle was already moving forward as she drew her back.

	Smack!

	Working together, they could deliver a hard blow every second.

	Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

	Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

	How many blows do you think you could take before you were willing to
submit? The number certainly was far less than what Missy received. She grunted
in pair grunts through her gag but they ignored her. They were not disciplining
a slave girl. They were not forcing Missy to submit.

	They were having fun.

	They finally stopped not because of what Missy did, but because of their
boss's entrance into the room.

	"How is it going?"

	"Stubborn little bitch. She just doesn't know her place in life."

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!! Mmmmmfffffttttt!!!"

	"Let me show her one of the benefits of being a slave girl, then you can
go back to work on her."

	"Okay. I need a drink."

	"Me, too."

	Missy knew immediately what Billy mean about "benefits" of being a slave
girl. Bent over as she was with her face in her crotch, she was forced to watch
as he deflowered her.

	When he finished, he slapped her on the rump.

	"Be a good little slave girl and there is a lot more where that came
from."

	She could only hang limply in her bonds while she waited for the
mistresses to return.

	She whimpered her submission before they delivered a single blow.

	"Ask her."

	"Are you ready to be trained as a slave girl, Missy?"

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!! Mmmmmfffffttttt!!!"

	They released the young blonde from the bondage that held her against
the pole.

	"We are going to give you a little test. If you don't pass, you go back
against the pole."

	"Now face in that direction with your legs spread and bend over."

	The mistress held a large rubber dildo in front of the blonde.

	"Since you have already had one orifice violated today, we might as well
go for two. Say 'Ahhhhhh!'"

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Tears streamed down Missy's face as the woman twisted it back and forth
to get it in all the way.

	"You know, that may actually protect your bottom some."

	Their snickers told Missy that they doubted the truth of that statement.

	"Now, we are each going to give you two blows with a paddle. If you
maintain this position, your punishment is over."

	The paddle they selected was a huge two-handed paddle. The blade was
twenty centimeters high and thirty long. The impact would easily cover all of
both bottomcheeks.

	Whack!!!!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Missy straightened up, then, realizing what she had done, immediately
bent over again.

	"Takes okay. You went back to the position. That tells us you want to be
a good little slave girl.

	Whack!!!!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	The two were in no hurry to strike the final two blows. They let the
beautiful blonde worry about them for several minutes.

	Whack!!!!  Whack!!!!

	A couple hours later, Missy was brought to her master so she could show
him just how good a slave girl she had become.

	The outfit she wore was typical for slave girls. She wore a flared, pink
satin miniskirt over white satin bikini panties. Her large boobs were rather
inadequately encased in a pink satin haltertop.	

	Kneeling before him, her eyes were level with his crotch. She stared at
the bulge, knowing what she had to do.

	"So, Missy, are you glad you are a slave girl?"

	The blonde nodded, not taking her eyes off her master's crotch.

	"Crawl forward and show me."

	She willing allowed her third orifice to be used as she took his cock in
her mouth and sucked on it to show him her gratitude for being turning into a
slave girl. This orifice did not provide the pleasure her pussy did, but it
certainly did not hurt like having a rubber dildo shoved up her ass.

	With so many blondes around, Billy's penis was in danger of becoming
waterlogged from being sucked. Missy had to try to make him come, but of course
she could not. She continued to try though. He would decide whether she was to
be punished or not.

	Without warning, he pushed her head back. Before she could react he
rammed a ballgag in her mouth. One hand on the top of her head forced her head
down so he could fasten the ends of the leather strap together behind her head.

	"Come to your feet."

	The blonde knew what this man.  She was about to receive her first
ritual spanking from her owner.  Her bottom was bright red and still hurt from
the severe spanking the two mistresses had delivered.  That was not the same as
getting a spanking from her master.  She knew that every time she was purchased,
her new owner, man or woman, could spank her just to remind her of her servile
status.

	The beautiful blonde staggered to her feet.  At no time did she take her
eyes and often her master's crotch.  She felt him grab her by the waist and pull
her forward and down.  In seconds she was draped across his lap, with her face
near the floor.  He caught one foot about her right ankle so she could not fall
off.

	His hand went under the short skirt, grabbing the waistband of the
panties. With a single jerk down, he pulled them down to mid-thigh, exposing her
bottom.

	Hand this occurred the day before she would have been horrified.  So
many people had seen her bare bottom the last couple of hours; it no longer
mattered to her. He was just afraid of how much he was going to spank to her.

	Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap.

	She tried to score a scream through the gag. Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap. 
Slap. Her mistresses had taught her how to behave when being spanked. Slap. 
Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap. This spanking did not hurt as much as when her
mistresses spanked her as part of her training.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap. 
Slap. She had to pretend she was in terrible pain. Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap. 
Slap. Not only did she grunt through the ballgag, she kicked her legs as much as
much as she could. Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap.  Slap.

	In seconds she found herself on her knees between his legs.  He pulled
the gag from her mouth.

	"Now I want you to thank me for spanking you."

	She had done this before so it was easy to obey.

	Missy continued at this task until her master indicated she was to stop
by pushing her head back in the reinserting the ballgag in her mouth.

	She was just one piece of property he owned.  He had other slave girls
who were more experienced and could do a better job of pleasing a man.  He had
already spent money to buy Missy.  He had already used valuable resources to
convince he that she should be a slave girl.

	Now it was time to get a return on his investment.

	A pair of French maid's stripped Missy of her clothing.  All she needed
to be sold was high heels.  Once they had her naked, they fasten a pair of
handcuffs on her wrists so they had her arms bound behind her back.

	And with her ass still burning from the numerous beatings she had just
received, Missy did not their resist as they led her through the building toward
the front door.  Missy had never been here before so she was unaware of where
they were taking her until they stepped outside.

	"Stand on now block in front of the pole," a mistress ordered.

	Missy stepped up on the block. When she did not move fast enough to
please her mistress, the woman grabbed her by the upper arms to spin her about
so she stood with her back to the post.

	"Bend over so I can get to those cuffs."

	The blonde leaned forward so the mistress had an easy time of removing
the cuffs. The woman did not let go of the blonde's right arms but immediately
drew it behind the post. Missy put her left arm back. The woman crossed them at
the wrist, holding them there with her left hand while her right pulled a rope
from her belt.

	Once she had the blonde's hands tied together, she threaded the end of
the rope through a ring on the post. There were several other rings to
accommodate slave girls of various sizes. Tying another rope to the blonde's
right upper arm, she passed it through a ring several centimeters above the
first. She lashed it to the blonde's right arm, and then drew it back to the
ring where she tied a secure knot.

	These ropes had Missy secured bound to the post, but there would be much
more to her bondage. The mistress tied another rope to the young woman's right
ankle. Drawing the ankle behind the post, she tied the rope to a ring
immediately below the blonde's bound wrists.

	This left Missy standing on her left foot. The woman tied a last rope to
that ankle. Missy resisted a little, but there was little she could do. Her body
sagged down, supported solely by the ropes about her body.

	"One more thing."

	The mistress attached a small placard to the lower ring on Missy's slave
collar.  The blonde could not see what it said, but that was just as well.

	Imagine you are a master or mistress held for a stroll.  There, in front
of Billy's Bargain Blondes, you see an array of blondes bound as Missy was.  Let
us ignore the others for the moment, and concentrate on Missy.  The manner, in
which they had bound her legs, spread them apart so her pussy was available for
examination and exploration. 

	That little placard that hung from her collar read, "Take me for a test
grope."

	Could you pass up this opportunity?

	It seemed to Missy that nobody could.  Every master or mistress who went
by wanted to fondle her titties or play with her pussy.  She was becoming
aroused, but she knew that they would not want her come.  She existed only to
bring pleasure to others.

	Billy did a thriving business selling blondes.  Many real customers came
into his store looking for that one special blonde.  Several were interested in
Missy.

	When someone exhibited an interest in a particular slave girl, Billy
would have a mistress retrieve her.  Handcuffs and a leash were all the blonde
needed. (Many thought high heels made a slave girl overdressed.)

	They had the blonde stand with her legs spread. A chain attached to the
handcuffs was used to raise her arms in the air.  As they shortened the chain to
the cuffs, they drew her arms in the air, forcing her to bend over.

	"Head up."

	The woman grabbed a handful of blonde tresses to pull Missy's head back
so she stared forward.

	This allowed a potential buyer to examine her titties as they dangled
down.  By walking around behind her while she stood there with her legs spread,
the client could examine her pussy. With her head raised, they could see how
beautiful she was.

	The first couple of buyers were looking for someone who was a little
more experience. When the buyer said they were interested in someone else, or
made hints about going to another establishment, Billy signaled a mistress to
take the captive blonde back outside.  In a matter of minutes, Missy found
herself bound to the pole as she had been before.

	The fourth or fifth time they brought her in a sale was arranged.  The
blonde stood facing a wall so she could not see who bought her. The first thing
that occurred to her was the dread that she was going to be spanked again.

	Like that would not have happened anyway.




Slave Girls in Bondage



Chapter 65



	His customers had to admit that Billy took good care of the merchandise
he sold. He used no handcuffs during shipping because they might hurt the flesh.
Billy knew a good customer when one paid cash.  

	Missy's buyer left without the blonde seeing her. She would have plenty
of time to learn who owned her once she had been delivered, trained and put to
use.

	Two French Maids, under the careful supervision of a mistress, prepared
the young woman for shipment. They bound the blonde's arms behind her back by
wrapping a leather strap about her wrists and buckling the ends together.  They
had no need for locks. There was no fear that the Missy would be able to undo
her bondage.

	The next leather strap went about her upper arms immediately above the
elbows.   The French Maid doing the binding formed the strap into a loop.
Slipping the working end through the buckle on the other end, she placed her
left hand on the blonde's shoulder to brace herself, and then pulled. In doing
so, she drew the slave girl's elbows together.  She buckled the ends of this
strap together. Now the blonde could hardly move her arms and all. While she had
the capability of squirming about a bit, she could not get free.

	The third strap went about her upper arms immediately above her large
titties, pinning her upper arms against her body. A fourth strap went about her
waist immediately below her titties. There was no way she could escape. She
could no longer even squirm.

	More straps went about her lower thighs immediately above her knees,
pinning her legs together.   A final strap encircled her calves immediately
above the ankles. The ends crossed in front before passing under the arches of
the high-heeled shoes.   The ends buckled in together on top of her feet.

	In this left Missy with no means of moving at all.

	They removed the ballgag, but filled her mouth with a sponge. Missy
thought one sponge was enough, but they pushed a second on the first. Between
her teeth they forced a leather gag with a centimeter-wide hole in it. While she
could breath through the gag, the sponges prohibited her from making any sounds
audible more than a couple meters away. Even then, those sounds would be nothing
worth listening to. The ends of the strap were buckled together behind her head
under her long tresses.

	The final item was a satin slave hood.   This completely covered the
wearer's head. The mistress pulled it down so she could pull the drawstring
tight about Missy's neck. Because he it was lined with a second layer of satin,
no light at all could get through to the wearer's eyes. She was in total
darkness.

	She could not escape, and just as importantly, she could not hurt
herself trying.

	The next item was a large satin bag pulled over the captive's body. 
This covering protected her flesh from rubbing against anything.

	Missy heard the sound of something heavy being dragged across the floor.
With the satin slave hood covering her eyes, she could not see the two blonde
French Maids slide the wooden shipping container in front of her.

	The two worked diligently, fearing that one day they would end up in
such a container. They looked adorable with their hair formed into pigtails and
held in place with pink ribbons tied into small bows. Neither wanted to be bound
in a shipping container such as this. Each hoped that by being the best little
slave girl she could, Billy would not want to sell her.

	The two removed the lid, resting it on the floor several meters away.
They would need it later but did not want to trip over it.

	 At the signal from the mistress, they grabbed the captive blonde with
one arm under her bottom and another under her knees. Supporting Missy's weight,
they pulled her legs out from under her.

	The blonde squirmed about in panic as they moved her body forward a half
a meter. The distance was short; they only had to get her feet over the edge of
the crate. As they set her upright again, her feet rested at one end of the box. 
The two pushed the satin-covered captive forward as they pressed down on her
body. Missy knew to drop to her knees.

	While one French Maid held her in position, the other fastened leather
straps across her legs at the upper calves and at the ankles. One end of each
strap was stapled to the bottom of the box. She buckled the ends together.

	With this done, the French Maid nodded to her companion who pushed down
on Missy's shoulders, pushing the blonde's bottom against her heels. Another
pair of straps came together at Missy's upper thighs at her crotch.

	Now she could not rise from that position.

	As the French Maid doing the work leaned back, the second pressed
against the captive's upper back, forcing her head down against her knees. She
leaned down on Missy's back to hold her in position while another set of straps
was buckled together at her upper and lower back.

	When the French maids finished with this part of the process, and Missy
could not move at all. They had her rigidly strapped to the bottom of the
shipping crate.

	The final step was to the nail the top of the shipping container to the
sides.  The two carried the lid to the wooden crate, adjusted its placement and
nailed it down.

	They knelt before the mistress, hoping for some sign they had done a
good job and would not end up in the next crate.

	So this was how Missy spent her next couple of hours. Not only was she
in total darkness because of the satin hood, the wooden crate kept her from
hearing anything.

	Of course she could tell when they were moving her, the crate moved up
and down and shook when being moved forward. Other than that, she had no idea
what was going on. She really had no reason to know anything. She was only a
slave girl.

	She did contemplate her fate, how she had begun the morning as a free
woman and had ended up as goods in a shipping crate. She felt the leather slave
collar about her neck that gave them the right to do all this to her.

	It was in the evening of her first full day as a slave girl that Missy
arrived at her new owner's place of business. She had remained on Billy's
shipping dock for a couple hours until the transport wagon arrived. The journey
was half an hour long. She waited another hour on the loading dock once she
arrived.

	Missy had already decided she was going to be the best slave girl ever
to keep this from happening to her again.

	Finally that moment came to free her.  The blonde found herself removed
from the crate and satin bag, blindfolded with a secure leather blindfold,
gagged with a ballgag and rebound with a pair of handcuffs. Someone used a leash
attached to her collar to lead her down the hall to a room.

	Four slave girls pounced on Missy once they had the signal to proceed. 
Each wore a pink satin sheath that covered her bottom and little else. The
neckline of the outfit came directly before the boobs. Each wore high-heeled
sandals that matched the shade of pink of her minimal clothing.

	Missy allowed them to move her about to as they wanted.  These four knew
what to do.  They had processed dozens of slave girls and hoped to gain the
approval of their mistress so that they could have a different job that had much
more rewarding benefits.

	They had been purchased to do the same job for which Missy had been
purchased. They had failed to please, so their owner gave them a different job,
one, that in their eyes, was much more demeaning.

	In five minutes, the four sheath-clad slave girls had the beautiful
blonde dressed in sheer black stockings, and a pink satin garter belt with black
lace trim, a pink lace bra, and high heeled, patent leather shoes to match the
lingerie. To dress her, they did not have to remove the handcuffs.

	When the four finished, they knelt in a row on the floor facing the
door. They connected their collars together with chains about half a meter long.
Once they had their hands cuffed behind their back the mistress could leave.

	The four were going nowhere without permission.

	The mistress attached a leash to Missy's collar and led the newly
collared blonde from the room, not having taken the blindfold from her eyes.

	Their destination was one of the training rooms.  Two more slave girls
waited in it, dressed as the previous four had been.  The mistress led Missy to
the center of the room where she could attach the end of the leash to a ring
hanging down from the ceiling.  This insured that the slave girl could not run
off.

	With a wave of her hand, the mistress signaled the two to begin work on
Missy.  One picked up a black leather single glove from a table while the other
chose a broad leather strap.  The slave girl with the strap went to work first,
sliding it under the blonde's upper arms and buckling the ends together.  As she
drew the working end through the buckle, the loop of leather grew smaller,
slowly drawing Missy's elbows together.  The blonde wanted to cry out in pain,
but could not because of the gag.

	Once she had the blonde's arms secured, she removed the handcuffs,
knowing the strap kept the captive from resisting. As the first slave girl
removed the cuffs, the second moved into position to slide Missy's hands into
the single glove. With the captive's elbows already held together by the strap,
pulling it up her arms was easy. The first slave girl had moved around before
the blonde. While her companion held the single glove in place, she pulled a
strap over Missy's right shoulder, brought it across her chest above her amble
bosom, and buckled it to the single glove under her left shoulder. When she had
repeated the process with the other strap so they cross immediately below
Missy's collar, the bondage device would not come off.

	The slave girl standing behind Missy threaded the lacings through the
single glove, slowly encasing the blonde's arms in leather.  When she reached
the top, she tied the ends together in a square knot.  Once again the captive
slave girl was helplessly bound.  There was nothing Misty could do to get free.

	The two then adjusted the straps passing over the blonde's shoulders. 
They secured the straps so there was no slack in them.

	The second slave girl then used a slender steel rod to draw all slack
from the lacings beginning at the bottom.

	The mistress freed the end of the leash from the ring, and used it to
lead Missy through a door to another room where her training would occur. The
two slave girls followed. She jerked down on the leash, and to insure that the
slave girl knew what she wanted her to do, snapped the order, "Kneel!"

	The blonde lowered her left knee to the floor.  She brought her right
down to join it.  In this servile position, she awaited her mistress's next
order.

	"Now I want you to sit on this bench cross-legged."

	Missy lowered her bottom to the floor, discovering just how sore it was. 
Still, she was afraid that she would be spanked further if she did not quickly
obey.  The mistress squatted before the captive to wrap a leather sheath around
her calves.  Three narrow straps secured the item in place. This device had one
small D-ring riveted to it. Before fastening the straps, she adjusted it so it
pointed toward the captive's pussy.

	The two slave girls then moved to Missy's left and right, grabbing hold
of the upper her arm on that side.

	"Come to your knees."

	Missy wondered how she was supposed to do that bound as she was, but
with the two slave girls pulling up on her body, she found that she could
stretch out so she was on her knees with her calves held apart by that leather
sheath.  The two slave girls then pushed down, forcing the blonde to arch her
back.

	There was a ring at the end of the single glove that was only ten or so
centimeters from the ring on the leg sheath. The mistress squatted behind Missy
to attach a short chain between the two rings. On each end was a hook. "Down!"
she ordered. The two slave girls pushed harder on the captive despite her
muffled complaints. The mistress hooked the second ring. With a slight nod, she
signaled them to ease up. The tension on the chain increased. Only by drawing
her hands closer to the leg sheath could she get it off.

	In other words, Missy was bound like that until someone came to free
her.

	The mistress rose and stepped back. With another nod, she signaled the
two to lower the blonde to the floor so she was on her back.

	In this position, Missy's body was arch to so her head and shoulders
were against the bench and her knees about half a meter away.  Because of the
leather sheath and the position of her legs, her pussy was exposed as the
highest part of her body.

	The two slave girls moved around in front of Missy, kneeling so they
could stare at her pussy.  As with the four slave girls in the other room, they
were being punished.  Staring at another slave girl's to pussy was part of their
punishment.  They would like nothing better than to explore it with their
tongues, but the ballgags filling their mouths prohibited that.

	The mistress moved around behind the two with handcuffs.  They already
had their arms behind their backs in anticipation of being bound again. They
also crossed their legs at the ankle. Each leaned forward with her hands raised
in the air. Once each felt the cold steel on her wrists, she lowered her arms
and raised her head and shoulders. The two then crossed their ankles so the
mistress could run a chain from the handcuffs down about their crossed ankles
and back up to the handcuffs.  This made it impossible for them to leave that
position.  They could only kneel and watch.

	The mistress stepped around to a cabinet where she selected a
wedged-shaped pillow.  Grabbing Missy by the hair, she pulled her head up so she
could slide the pillow underneath.  She then removed Missy's blindfold.

	By moving her head back a little the blonde could watch as the woman
stripped from the waist down. She straddled Missy's head, the top of the
blonde's head against her pubic. She placed the tip of her right index finger on
the captive's nose to insure she had her attention.

	"Do you realize that your pussy is exposed?"

	The blonde nodded.

	"Your pussy can be a place of either great pleasure, or great pain. Do
you like pleasure?"

	Another nod.

	"What about pain?"

	The captive moved her head back and forth between the mistress's thighs.

	The mistress produced a willowy switch.

	"What about one blow, right here."

	"Aggggghhhhhh!!"

	The blow to the blonde's pussy was little more than a tap, but the pain
was intense.

	The mistress smiled. Missy would become a willing slave rather quickly.

	"This is the game we are going to play. I am going to straddle your face
so you can get your nose into my pussy. Then you are going to move your head up
and down until I come. And if you stop...One blow here..." She let the switch
fall on the blonde's left tittie. "One here." The right tittie. "And finally one
here." The switch landed between her legs again.

	"Are you ready to begin?"

	As the blonde nodded, the mistress moved forward to straddle her
captive's face. She lowered her weight down on her pussy rested on Missy's nose.

	"Don't start until I tell you to."

	The whole purpose of this part of her training was her simple
humiliation. When all self-respect had been stripped away, she would be willing
to please.

	"Begin."

	Within a few seconds the captive blonde found herself having trouble
breathing. Her nose became wedged in the woman's love nest, and the rubber ball
kept her from breathing through her mouth.

	Eventually, she had to stop.

	Whack!

	"Ahhhh!!"

	Whack!

	Ahhhhh!!"

	Whack!

	"Aagggghhhhh!!"

	"Don't stop. I didn't give you permission to stop."

	Any mistress used to being serviced by slave girls had a hair-trigger
pussy. This one had to fight hard to keep from coming quickly. She raised her
body so she could remove the blonde's gag. She lowered her body so once again
her pussy was on the bench beyond the top of the Missy's head. She leaned
forward so their eyes were only a few centimeters apart.

	"Now thank me."

	"Thank you for letting me service you."

	"Do you know what your two most important assets are?"

	Missy started to nod, but shook her head when she could not think of the
second.

	"Your first is you pussy. The second is your tongue. One is for getting
pleasure, the other is for giving it. Say that."

	"My pussy is for getting pleasure, my tongue is for giving it."

	"Now I'm going to let you do with your tongue what you were just doing
with your nose. If you behave, you will be rewarded. If you don't..."

	Without finishing the sentence, she moved her body forward so her pussy
was pressed against the blonde's mouth.

	"Put your tongue inside my pussy and keep it there. Every time you draw
it out, I'm going to give you a swat on the pussy."

	She allowed the switch to land gently on the blonde's exposed pussy.
Missy responded by whimpering a little.  She knew better than to cry out or beg
for mercy because that would only result in further punishment.

	Missy tried to obey.  She kept her tongue inside the woman for over a
minute before it became tired.  She drew out to allow it to rest for only a
fraction of a second, but inserted it back in quickly when her pussy exploded in
pain.

	Whack!

	She wanted to cry out but could not. A gag muffled her cries, and that
gag was another woman's pussy.

	For the next hour she kept her tongue in the woman most of the time. 
She received four more whacks on this most sensitive part of her body.  She was
not disobeying intentionally.  She wanted to please her mistress to avoid
further punishment.

	The mistress climbed off Missy's face.

	"Well, you have been pretty good.  Do you think you deserve a reward?"

	The captive blonde nodded.

	"Let me see what you can do. Open up."

	She inserted a ballgag in the captive's mouth, but did not buckle it.
She wanted access to Missy's mouth.  She moved to the kneeling slave girls.  She
removed the chains so one could stand.  The other slid forward so her face was
in the blonde's crotch. She removed her ballgag. The slave girl stared at
Missy's pussy without moving.

	With a wave of her hand, she signaled the slave girl to start.  That
slave girl knew what to do.  In just a few seconds she had the blonde captive
aroused.

	At the same time the other slave girls straddled the blonde's face so
her pussy was directly above Missy's mouth.  Once the mistress removed the gag,
she lowered her body so the blonde slave could use her tongue.

	This was a most uncomfortable position for a woman to be bound, but the
awkward position did not stop Missy's body from exploding with one orgasm after
another.  She knew she should hate this, but she found herself enjoying it, as
she had never before had as many orgasms in such a short time.

	All too soon it was over.  The mistress signaled the slave girl to get
off Missy's face.  She immediately slipped a ballgag into the blonde's open
mouth.  She did not fasten it yet.  She had no fear about the blonde trying to
get it out.

	When she saw her sister slave rising, the other slave girl pulled her
face from Missy's crotch.  If the blonde did not work, she would not be aroused.
That was a simple of being a slave girl.

	The mistress applied a ballgag to the mouth of the second slave girl
before pulling her to her feet.  She then led both out to the hall where she
tethered them to rings on the wall.  She was finished with them.  They had done
their part in training for Missy.

	The mistress sat on the floor next to Missy facing the opposite
direction. She could see the blonde slave girl's face and Missy could see hers.

	"So you see, I have the ability to give you pleasure, or to give you
pain.  Which will it be?"

	The blonde shook her head.  She was not certain how she was supposed to
answer.

	"If you are a good little slave girl, I will let you come again and
again.  All you have to do is follow instructions.  Do you agree?"

	The blonde nodded.

	The mistress lifted Missy from the bench and laid her face down on the
floor.  She removed the leather sheath about the blonde's shins so her legs were
free.

	"On your knees."

	The blonde pulled her legs underneath her so she knelt. The movement was
slow and awkward as she was still stiff from being bound in that uncomfortable
position.

	The mistress pulled a chair in front of Missy so she could sit. She
pointed at her pussy with the index finger of both hands	

	"This pussy is your world.  How you treat it determines what happens to
you.  Do you understand?"

	Once again the blonde nodded.

	As she spoke, the mistress bunched together the slave girl's long
tresses to form a pigtail high on the right side of her head. A small leather
sheath five centimeters long encircled the hair so the pintails hung down that
five centimeters from her head. Before continuing she did the same to the
remainder of Missy's hair, forming a pigtail on the left side of her head. Her
hair now formed handles so her mistress could control the movement of her head.

	The mistress jerked the rubber ball from the blonde's mouth, dropping it
on the floor so she could find it easily when she no longer needed access to the
slave girl's mouth.

	"Now tell me I have the most beautiful pussy in the world."

	Missy stared intently at the woman's love nest.  She could not believe
the woman expected her to make love to it.

	"Mistress, you have the most beautiful pussy in the world."

	Grabbing the blonde by the left pigtail, she jerked her head a little.

	"Say it again and this time mean it."

	"Mistress, you have the most beautiful pussy in the world."

	"Show me you mean by giving it a kiss."

	The blonde leaned forward a little.  Forming her lips into a kissable
pout, she pressed them lightly against the woman's pussy.

	"Now that wasn't so bad, was it?"

	The blonde realized what was going on.

	"No, mistress.  I enjoyed it.  You have the most beautiful pussy in the
world."

	"Now I'm going to teach you how to make love to a woman.  If you do a
good job you will be rewarded.  If you do not, you will spend the next several
days with your tongue inserted in the pussy of one slave girl after another."

	Missy decided right and there that she would be a good little slave
girl.

	"You began by kissing my pussy, and then purring can contentedly as
tough you are a cat with a saucer of milk."

	Missy leaned forward to plant another gentle kiss on the woman's pussy. 
She allowed a slight rumbling to escape her lips.

	"Now take your tongue, and rub it up the left side.  That's right, slave
girl.  Once you are at the top, then you bring your time down the other side.
Good. Good. Now pause, and then repeat the steps."

	Slowly the blonde rubbed the tip of her tongue along the pussy lip on
her left until she was at the top, and then she brought it slowly down to the
bottom along the right lip.  At the bottom she pulled her tongue into her mouth
then extended it again to repeat the process.  Up to the top, down to the bottom

	"Now I want you to start at the beginning.  This time after you have
licked my pussy lips twice, I want you to plant your lips on my lips and insert
your tongue in as far as you can and wiggle it around.  Hold it in there for
several seconds, then pull it out.  Then repeat the steps of licking my pussy
and insert your tongue in again.   Continue doing this until I tell you to
stop."

	Missy extended her head forward again to plant a kiss on the woman's
pussy.  Her tongue explored the lips of the pussy, up and down, a pause, up and
down.  She then inserted her tongue in as far as it would go, wiggling it the
entire time.  After counting slowly to five, she drew her tongue out.  She put
in back in her own mouth to make it moist before extending it again to lick the
woman's pussy again.  Twice around the woman's love nest, then her tongue went
back inside.

	The blonde slave girl continued doing this up for five minutes.  She
could tell that her mistress was becoming aroused.  She expected to make her
come, but this was not to be.

	"Now I want you to do something else."  She grabbed the blonde by her
pintails to push her head back.  By twisting her hair she forced the beautiful
captive to look up at her.

	"This time, when you pull your tongue out, I want you to start licking
up and down in my pussy.  Begin from the beginning."

	The blonde leaned forward to plant a kiss on the woman's pussy and then
began the process from the beginning.  The woman held the blonde's pigtails to
control her head.  Missy realized that she was stimulating the woman sexually,
but she had no control over her own body.  She was doing what the mistress
wanted.

	"Now I want you to do it all over again. I want to make certain you know
what to do.  After you lick my pussy, put your tongue back into your mouth so
you can kiss it again. Then start licking again. Continue doing this until I
tell you to stop."

	The blonde leaned forward again to kiss the pussy.  Her tongue explored
the woman's body as she had been told.  Five minutes later, the mistress uttered
a loud moan as she came. Missy felt some degree of satisfaction knowing she had
caused that.

	She continued kissing and licking as she had been ordered. When the
mistress thought she had demonstrated that she had memorized this routine, she
pushed Missy's head back using her pigtails.

	"Good so far.  Now the next step. After you have explored by pussy with
your tongue, you lick my lips, then you suck my glans while you count to ten
very, very slowly. Then you lick my pussy lips twice. Then lick my glans twelve
times, no more, no less. Then you rub your tongue around by pussy licks twice,
insert your tongue deep into my pussy again, lick the pussy lips, then lick the
glans, pussy lips, pussy, pussy lips. Keep doing it until I tell you to stop."

	Against she twisted the blonde's hair. Missy was already looking up at
her. This time she wanted the slave girl to feel pain to reinforce what she was
saying.

	"Don't let me, though.  This is not a race.  Your only reason for
existence is to bring me pleasure. You do that by letting me build up for a
grand climax over several minutes."

	Again, Missy leaned forward.  Her lips touched the mistress's pussy. 
Her tongue explored the lips.  She showed it deep inside her mistress.  She drew
it out. Her tongue moved around the pussy lips twice before landing on the
woman's glans. She sucked on it, realizing that the woman was close to an
orgasm. She wondered if she should stop or continue, running the risk of making
her mistress come.

	If she stopped though, she knew the woman would beat her pussy.

	Her tongue moved around the pussy lips twice before finding the glans.

	"You know the ritual now just continue doing it over and over again
until I tell you to stop.  Remember the purpose is to give me the maximum amount
of pleasure, not to make me come.  I will judge you on the pleasure I have from
your tongue, and not the number of orgasms I have."

	Again, the blonde slave girl leaned forward.  She repeated the steps
over and over.  She felt the mistress's body shake from one orgasm after
another.  She hoped she was doing this correctly.  She did not stop to ask. 
When she reached the end she simply started over again.

	"Well you certainly have learned a lot today."

	The mistress pushed the blonde' head back so she had to keep her mouth
open.

	"Stick your tongue out of your mouth."

	The blonde did that.

	"Keep it in that position until you are told otherwise."

	Is she could only see the ceiling in that position.  She heard her
mistress arise and walk from the room.

	She was alone.  The idea of trying to escape never occurred to her.  She
knew she was naked.  She knew she was bound.  More than anything else, she knew
she wore a slave collar.  Nobody would come to her defense.  If she tried to
resist, she had no doubt that they would punish her.

	The door opened behind her.  Footsteps sounded as someone walked around
in front of her, taking the same seat her mistress had set him.  She thought at
first it was her original mistress until she heard a voice.

	"Miranda says you have learned a lot.  I want you to show me exactly
what you can do with your tongue."

	The woman grabbed Missy by the pigtails to control her head. The blonde
drew her tongue into her mouth to lubricate it as the woman pulled her head
forward so her mouth landed on the woman's pussy.

	Missy began to lick.	




Slave Girls in Bondage



Chapter 66



	Missy's lips and tongue were tired from the constant need to bring
pleasure to one mistress after another.  She lost track of the number of women
she had to please, but number had to be at least 10 or 12. It could have been
more.  She knew she had serviced her mistress, the one who had trained her, at
least twice.  How many others had she serviced more than once? She had no idea.

	"Come along, slave girl."

	They brought her to her feet using a leash.  Instead of a ballgag, they
inserted a simple rubber drain stopper in her mouth, wedging it between her
teeth. A light chain ran between the ring on it and her collar. Also attached to
the ring was a circular bell.  The bell would jangle if she moved her head at
all. She was not certain whether she was allowed to make it ring or not but it
jingled constantly as she walked. Everyone who saw her, mistress or slave girl,
turned to look. She wore that plug in her mouth not to silence her, but as a
symbol of what her mouth had become.

	The mistress tethered her to a ring on the wall. 

	"Turn around so anyone coming down the hall can see you. Now, keep
moving your head up and down so that bell rings."

	The woman rapped once on a door and entered.

	She left Missy alone for only a few minutes but that was too long for
the beautiful blonde. Every mistress who came by smiled at her. A slave girl
could not smile with a ballgag wedged in her mouth, but Missy could tell by the
expression on the face of each that every slave girl laughed at her.

	A couple minutes later the mistress returned for her.

	A tall blonde sat in a large mahogany desk in the room. At first she
ignored Missy, staring down at the papers on the desk before her and
periodically making a note or two.

	Finished, she looked up and smiled.

	"So this is my latest acquisition."

	Missy had her head bowed with her eyes on her knees. She heard the woman
move from the desk to a chair to her left.

	In this submissive position she could not see the mistress unfastened
the front of her long skirt. A free woman did not wear this type of outfit in
public. These were her working clothes, and testing the lips and tongue of new
slave girls was part of the job.

	"I have heard several good reports on your progress.  Let me see if you
are ready to move on to the next step of your training."

	So the blonde ended up on her knees with her face between the woman's
legs.  She remembered what that first mistress, Melinda, had said.  Her purpse
was not to make the woman come; it was to give her maximum pleasure.  She rubbed
her tongue all over the pussy as she had been taught.

	The woman held her pigtails tightly with both hands.  Missy's hair hurt
from the woman twisting them in her excitement, but the captive blonde knew she
did not dare say anything.  She guessed that the woman's reaction was a sign
that she was doing her job correctly.

	"Yes, I would say that you have progressed well.  You are ready for your
next step in training.  I am certain that in a day or two we can put you on
display.  Here at "Connie's Cunnilingus Lounge," we have the highest standards. 
I am certain that you will meet them."

	Connie's Cunnilingus Lounge! So that was who bought her and why her
training had been as detailed as it was. (Caroline had just mentioned it back in
that tunnel at the speedway - talk about coincidences!)

	With a wave of her hand, Connie signaled the mistress to take the blonde
away.

	So far Missy had been eating the pussies of mistresses. There was
something romantically enchanting about the tongue of a newly collared slave.
Now she was going to practice on slave girls to get her technique down pat (and
to strengthen her tongue).

	Missy stared at her knees again, but had her head raised a little so she
could see a little of what happened in front of her. They brought a slave girl
before her from her left. This slave girl sat, not on a chair, as that was an
action prohibited by slave girls, but rather she sat on a wooden bar about five
centimeters in diameter.  Her bare ass hung down over the far side.  They
strapped her ankles so her legs were spread apart. She could not see them raise
a vertical pole from the floor. It was attached to a bracket in the floor but
locked in position when the pole was upright. Knowing what came next, the slave
girl leaned forward so they could they free her hands. She waited until one of
her captoresses placed a hand against her forehead and pushed before sitting
upright. Straps about her waist and upper chest secured her to the pole.

	They dragged Missy forward until her face was in the slave girl's
crotch. The other captive grabbed her pigtails with both hands as they strapped
the blonde's legs to the floor. She still did nothing until they had the ballgag
out of the kneeling slave's mouth.

	"Now."

	The slave girl pulled Missy's face forward. Slowly the blonde used her
tongue to excite her sister slave.  She could tell how well she was doing by
amount of pressure the other slave exerted on her hair.

	Missy had learned her job well so it took almost six minutes for the
slave girl to come.  As soon as she had her orgasm, they jerked Missy's head
back to reinsert the rubber stopper. Missy watched as they freed the slave girl
from the pole, tied her hands behind her back, freed her ankles, and then led
her away.

	Almost immediately they had another slave girl to replace her. Within
two minutes she had her tongue inside the woman.

	That was how the young blonde spent her first two days as a slave girl. 
Since she was a piece of property, they gave no thought to allowing her to rest. 
She was tired, she was sleepy, but she did not dare stop doing what they wanted
her to do. The hours of eating slave girls strengthen her tongue and jaw
muscles.

	At a certain point, even a slave girl needs her sleep.  Missy found
herself being led into a room where there were numerous bodies lying on
mattresses on the floor.  They had her kneel until another slave girl was
brought in.

	The two slave girls were dressed identically.  That is to say, they wore
very little.  Each had a satin garter belt that was used to hold up stockings. 
Each wore high-heeled sandals.  Other than that, they were naked.

	First they replaced Missy's gag.  They removed the rubber stopper,
replacing it with a cloth cleave gag.  Next they removed all bondage from each
slave girl.

	They pushed the two down to be mattress so they faced in opposite
directions, each lying on her right side. Missy felt them pull her left leg in
the air, and felt something between her legs.  When they brought her left leg
down, she realized that the other slave girl's head was inserted between her
legs, her face pressed against the blonde's bare bottom.  Some sort of strap
about her lower thighs trapped the woman's head in position.

	They then turned their attention to Missy's head, grabbing her by the
hair to pull her face forward as they raised the other slave girl's left leg in
the air.  When they strapped that slave girl's legs together, Missy's face was
pressed against the woman's bare bottom.

	They pulled her arms around the other slave girl's body.  Crossing the
blonde's arms at the wrist, they tied them together. A rope between her bound
wrists and the strap about her lower thighs limited the movement of her arms.
Missy felt them doing the same to the arms of the other slave girl.

	"We call this the lover's embrace.  I think you will enjoy it."

	Having had her face in the pussy of other women for the last day or so,
Missy did not mind having her face pressed against the bare bottom of another
slave girl.  This position was humiliating. Before that thought could occur to
the blonde, she was fast asleep.

	Early the next morning, Missy found herself back in the same position
she had been before.  One slave girl after another paraded in front of her,
waiting to be brought to an orgasm.  She was becoming quite an expert at
dragging out the process.  A slave girl did not come quickly when the young
blonde serviced her.

	Missy was ready to start servicing the paying customers.

	They did not tell her that though.  They simply led her into another
room where two slave girls wearing the plain satin sheaths changed her clothing. 
The blonde was dressed in a pink and white satin garter belt that held up the
sheer white stockings.  The high-heeled sandals were pink patent leather with a
white satin bow across the toes so they matched the garter belt.  She wore a
pink lace half bra net lifted her titties without covering the nipples.

	Since she was going public, she needed makeup.  They applied eyeliner
and frosted pink lip-gloss.

	Missy looked adorable.

	Any woman would want to rent her.

	Missy would be a valuable addition to Mistress Connie's stable of oral
slave girls.

	"If you do a good job for the paying customers, you get rewarded.  If
they think you deserve a tip, you will be allowed to come once, just as you made
other slave girls come.  That is for the first customer.  If a second customer
uses you today, and thinks you deserve a tip, you will be allowed to come twice. 
Some of our best girls service five or six customers in a day.  That is
something you can strive for."

	Missy did some quick adding in her head. That was more than dozen slow
orgasms!

	Using a leash, they led the beautiful blonde into a display room.  Missy
looked all around in amazement.  She had never seen so many beautiful slave
girls in one place.  All were dressed as she was in very sexy lingerie.  Each
wore a different color combination, to match her hair and eyes.

	Missy's place was in the corridor for blondes.  A dozen or two blonde
slave girls stood in little alcoves along the corridor where prospective
customers could pick and chose.  Missy took her place eight alcoves from the
door.

	"Step up here.  Turn around with your legs spread so everyone can see
you."

	Missy stepped up on the platform that was a quarter of a meter above the
floor.  As she spread her legs apart, guards prepared leather cuffs to fasten
about her ankles.  Once they had them buckled, they attached short chains that
ran to rings in the platform.  The slave could not pull her legs together.

	Mistress Connie thought it very important that the clients see that they
were renting a natural blonde.

	They had a special the gag for her.  A metal device was placed in her
mouth.  On each side was a pair of levers.  By pressing them together, a person
could force Missy to open her mouth all the way.  Even when the levers were not
pressed, misty could not bring her teeth together.  This allowed down to insert
another rubber plug between them.

	If she really tried, she could have pushed the plug out to say
something.  But she knew she would be punished.

	She wore a slave collar.  They needed no excuse to punish her.  She knew
she would be a good little slave girl.

	They ran more chains from her collar to the ceiling.  These forced her
to remain upright.  She could not move around.  She could only stand there and
stare straight ahead.

	The first customers came in before they were finished with her.  They
stood behind the guards watching as they finished securing the blonde in place.

	"Is she new?"

	"Yes."

	"I prefer someone with more experience."

	They moved on to one of the other blondes.

	More customers arrived.  She stood there, staring at them as they
inspected her.  Once in a while a customer wanted to inspect her tongue.  They
pulled out the rubber plug (that was connected to her collar by a light chain)
and the pressed the levers.  The device forced her to open her mouth as wide as
she could.

	"Let me see that tongue."

	Missy extended her tongue as far as she could.  When ordered to wiggle
it about, she obeyed quickly.  Once in a while a customer asked her to
demonstrate what she knew.  She moved her tongue in the pattern she had been
taught.

	When they finished inspecting her, they inserted the rubber plug back
in, and moved on to another slave girl.  Part of the fun of visiting Connie's
Cunnilingus Lounge was inspecting the helpless captives.

	Eventually someone chose her.  While the customer went to a private
salon to await her, a pair of French maids prepared Missy to perform.  They
removed the rubber plug from her mouth first, then the metal device. To insure
the blonde's silence in transit, they shoved a ballgag between her teeth. The
job of the French maid's was over.  A guard attached a chain leash to Missy's
slave collar led her into the salon.

	Missy performed as they had taught her.  She kissed the woman's pussy
first, purring contentedly as she did.  Planting her open mouth on the woman's
love nest, she dragged her tongue from the bottom to the top of the left and
lip.  Reaching the top, she slowly dragged her tongue down.

	When she finished the routine, she started over again.  She could tell
that the woman was coming closer and closer to an orgasm, but she knew she could
not make her come too quickly.  She was a slave girl.  She existed only to bring
pleasure to her mistress.  She had to draw of this out as long as she could. 
When she finished the routine a second time, she began anew.  The woman's grip
on her pigtails became tighter and tighter as Missy completed a third and fourth
time.

	"Aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!1"

	The woman achieved an orgasm on the sixth time around. The kneeling
blonde did not know if that was good or not.  She only knew that she had done
her best to please her mistress.  She hoped she would be rewarded, but more than
that, she hoped she would not be punished.

	Since Missy had been rented for an hour, she started over again, making
the woman come a second time, then a third and fourth.

	The woman inserted the rubber ball back into Missy's mouth before
leaving.  The blonde knelt, her arms still securely bound behind her back,
waiting for someone to come for her. Since she was only a slave girl, she knew
she could not move without permission. 

	A mistress finally came for her, attaching a leash to her collar and
leading her away.  The blonde found herself tethered to a ring in a wall.  She
had no idea what was next.  Several slave girls stood tethered on either side of
her. One at a time a mistress led them through a door.  She wondered what was on
the other side, pain or pleasure.

	As she passed through the door, her nipples became hard and pointed in
anticipation.  A slave girl knelt before a device.

	She was going to be allowed to come!

	She sat on the bar so her bottom extended down.  A pair of leather
straps ensured that she could not move from that pole behind her. Leather cuffs
about her ankles kept her legs spread far apart.

	The slave girl servicing her had displeased a customer.  She could only
work her way back into the display group by proving that she could provide
pleasure.  She would continue to service other slave girls until she had proven
that she deserved another chance.

	Missy lost track of the number of times the slave girl went through the
routine.  It had to be 10 or 12 before she finally came. The young slave girl
knew the woman servicing her had considerably more experience.

	They set her free so they could put her back on display.  Missy
practically ran after the mistress in her haste to be put back on display.  A
couple of minutes after her own orgasm, Missy stood with her legs spread,
willing to show off her tongue to the next prospective customer.

	Who should be Missy's next customer, but Caroline!

	Another of those amazing coincidences!

	"So this is where you are!  I wonder what happened to you?"

	Her best friend was inspecting her body.  When Caroline pulled the plug
held in depressed the levers, the blonde stuck her tongue out and wiggled it
about as she had been taught.

	"You know, I always thought you had the body of a slave girl."

	How could Caroline pass up the opportunity of using Missy's tongue to
bring her pleasure?

	In a matter of minutes, the blonde slave girl found herself on her knees
before her best friend.  Caroline no longer was a friend though. She was her
mistress. Missy wore a slave collar and Caroline did not. Missy existed solely
to bring pleasure to people such as Caroline who did not wear slave collars. 

	As soon as the rubber plug was removed from her mouth, she planted her
mouth on the woman's pussy.  She felt Caroline moaning in pleasure as her tongue
moved around the way they had trained her.  She probed, prodded, and licked. 
Caroline responded with a series of moans as her grip became tighter on the
blonde's pigtails.

	Missy hoped she would please Caroline with a good orgasm, so the woman
would want to have her tipped.

	She knew Caroline was moving every so slowly toward an orgasm. The
blonde slave girl worked slowly to drag it out.

	Missy enjoyed being a slave girl.		




Slave Girls in Bondage



Chapter 67



	Early Saturday morning, Canjac finished the last details for Nancy in
the race.  Of course, neither Nancy nor any of the other participants knew what
was going on. As slave girls they had no need to know anything in advance. All
they had to do was follow orders.

	The first slave girl to be readied was Nancy.  She was dressed as a
ponygirl as she always was.  She thought there was nothing different about
today. Canjac had told her nothing about the race. After all, she was only a
slave girl.

	Once she was in her pony girl outfit, she expected them to hitch her to
a wagon as they always did. There were lots of things that needed to be moved
and she was available. There never seemed to be enough ponygirls.

	Today was different though.  They put the usual ponygirl harness on her. 
Straps pinned her arms to her body.  More straps in held the bitgag in her
mouth.  The man responsible for the ponygirls led her out into the center of the
high bay area.  She looked around to see which wagon she would be pulling today,
but none was there.

	While any type of change can be unsettling to a ponygirl, Nancy at least
took solace in the fact that the man who controlled her was one who had done it
often before. She enjoyed being his ponygirl, doing what he wanted, obeying
every wish, hurrying to follow every command.

	He attached a five-meter leash to her head harness on the left side.  He
then stepped back until the leash was extended the entire length with little
slack in it.  He held a switch that was long enough that he could reach her bare
bottom.

	"Let's go, ponygirl."

	With that, he snapped the switch across her bare bottom.  It did not
hurt; it was a light blow, but it was sufficient to get her to act.  She had
been treated like this often before so she knew exactly what to do.  She began
walking in a circle around him.  How long as she walked this way was up to him. 
Though she wore the trappings of a ponygirl, she was nothing more than a slave
girl.  He decided what she did and she was more than happy to obey.

	"Faster."

	He tapped the switch against her bottom again.  She began trotting
faster.  Around the around she went.  She was getting her morning exercise.

	And another room, a French Maid dressed Lori in her racing silks. 
Canjac had chosen for his colors, royal blue and red.  The French Maid began by
putting a garter belt on the beautiful brunette. It was essentially the royal
blue with red satin ruffles.  The belt held up the sheer black stockings.  The
high-heeled sandals were royal blue patent leather.

	Canjac had a minidress made especially for this occasion.  Lori extended
her arms through it so the slave girl could pull it about her body before
zipping it up the back.  As usual, there was a slit up the front so everyone
could see her shaved pussy.  The minidress had short puffy, sleeves that were
lined with more red satin ruffles.  It had a high neckline, but that modesty was
more than compensated for by a pair of holes in the bodice through which Lori's
titties protruded.

	Laurie was completely dressed, but still naked.

	She was a slave girl.  She was used to this.

	Canjac was in his office making other plans.  He looked forward in
anticipation to Tina bringing Tiffany to the racetrack.  Four of his men were
coming along to take care of her.  The blonde had been so intent to on using
Tiffany as her own personal slave girl that she had not realized that Canjac
planned to double-cross her.

	But we knew that already, didn't we?

	Canjac had a lot of paperwork to take care of.  Among the letters on his
desk was an invitation to Ronor's bachelor party.  The long anticipated wedding
was the following Saturday.

	Canjac thought he was foolish getting married.  He had offered the groom
a number of slave girls who could satisfy him much more than a wife could.  He
did not know Shelly but he had heard stories about her.

	He penned his regrets before tossing the letter in his "out" basket.

	One reason he could not go was he had plans for that night.  One of the
slave girls he had offered to sell Ronor was Michelle.  Remember Michelle? 
Surely no one thought she would want to be free after spending a month as a
slave girl!  Canjac had plans, and he needed to finalize them the night of the
bachelor party.

	The following Saturday, the day of the wedding, Canjac was going to hold
a private auction for half a dozen of his best customers.  Only one item would
be for sale -- Michelle.

	He expected to get a good price for her, and he knew she would be
satisfied with her new life.  She was too beautiful and far too sexy to waste
her life as a free woman.

	He had a few more things to take care of before he left. Before he knew
it, the time 9:00. The race did not start until after noon, but it was time to
go to the racetrack.  For this occasion, Canjac used a wagon and a sulky.  He
came out to supervise the loading of the wagon.

	Nancy saw her master standing there watching her and was afraid he would
punish her.  They stripped off the leather harness, leaving her bound wearing
only handcuffs.  They removed the head harness next.  They insured her silence
with a simple ballgag.  To control her they attached a leash to the ring on her
collar.  She looked like any other slave girl.

	Two French Maids trotted forward with a leather slave sack that they
laid on the floor before Nancy.

	"Kneel down in the center of it."

	The luscious brunette stepped forward, then lowered her left knee to the
leather bondage device.  As soon as it touched, she brought her right down to
join it.

	"Keep your bottom in the air."

	One French Maid wrapped a leather strap about her ankles, pulling it
tight before buckling it so her legs were tightly together.  To ensure she could
not move them at all, the second French maid wrapped a similar strap about her
lower thighs just above the knees.  When they finished, one placed both hands on
the pony girl's shoulders to push her fanny down against her ankles.  This
allowed the second French Maid to loop a strap under her shins and over her
thighs.  When she buckled the ends together, the brunette could not rise from
the kneeling position.

	With the slave girl fastened in the proper position, the two French
Maids pulled the flaps of the slave sack up.  The heavy, industrial zippers slid
up to the top, slowly forming a leather ball about the captive.  When they had
all eight sections zipped up to the top, they pulled a leather strap around the
open top.  This held zippers in place so they could not come down.  A padlock on
the strap ensured that the leather sack would remain about Nancy's body.

	The French Maids watched from a kneeling position as two men lifted the
leather bundle in the air and set it in the back of the wagon.  Though there was
little chance she would fall off, they lifted the tail of the wagon up and
locked it in place. Once the two captives were bound again, they tethered the
French Maids to the wagon.

	The captive beauty in the slave sack could not see where she was going.
She could only see where she had been. The tailgate obstructed her view so she
could see nothing on the street.

	By this time they were finished dressing Lori and had brought her into
the high bay area.  They tethered her to a ring on the back of the wagon between
the French Maids. Canjac wanted to protect Nancy's legs from some injury so he
had her ride. He had no need to protect Lori. She would be seated during the
race so it did not matter if she turned an ankle walking there.

	With a wave of his hand Canjac signaled the man to start the wagon
toward the racetrack.  Pulling it was four pairs of ponygirls.  Canjac rode in
the sulky that had four ponygirls pulling it.

	They moved through town by the shortest route.  As they neared the
racetrack, the man in the wagon turned to the left while Canjac turn to the
right. 

	The sign above the gate said it all:

	"Welcome to Daytuna Speedway

	and

	THE DAYS OF SQUEALING!"

	He paid be outrageous price of 3 silver thalens for parking. (The cost
of a cup of beer was outrageous.) He then made his way across the racetrack to
the stables.  That area was off limits to most people, but since he wore an
owner's pass attached to lapel, the security guard let him in.

	The wagon had entered the racetrack by a gate behind the stables.  While
one man took Lori and the French Maids to the stall that they would use to
prepare Nancy, the other led the pony girl to the weigh-in.  This was not an
unlimited race.  This race was limited to ponygirls who weighed 45 kilograms or
less, the 45 kilograms including the high heels, handcuffs, and ballgag.

	When her to turn came, Nancy stepped on the scale.  She was a couple of
kilos under the limit. (While had not had any extra fat on her before, her
exertions as a ponygirl had made her exceptionally trim. More than one promoter
had advertised being a ponygirl as part of a weight loss program.)

	The other qualification for this race was that she had never raced
before. This, therefore, was a "maiden" race.  There were other races that had a
lot more interest.  The Silver Collar Stakes was the feature race on the ticket. 
There were two favorites in it; each ponygirl head won several major races. 
There was sure to be a good turnout this day.

	Canjac was only interested in the maiden race though.  He thought slave
girls had better uses then being ponygirls.  He used them as such before they
were an inexpensive labor force. Since they wore collars, they were merely
beasts of burden anyway. As slave girls, they would be used as their master
wanted.

	Canjac arrived at the door to the stall as the man returned with Nancy.
He handed the slaver the paperwork that indicated the buxom brunette was
properly entered in the race.

	Nancy stood tethered between a pair of chains that held her securely in
place. The French Maids then went to work, getting Nancy into her racing
harness.  A series of leather straps encircled her body.  One crossed her chest
above her large boobs and another below.  Straps held her arms together behind
her back from her hands to her elbows.  Once they had her arms secured to her
body, she could not move them at all.

	It was as it was meant to be. Nancy was both a slave girl and a
ponygirl.

	Canjac usually had his ponygirls naked, but for this race Nancy wore a
mockery of a miniskirt.  The satin was the same royal blue Lori wore.  The
garment was wrapped about her hips so that it covered her crotch in front.  It
was backless so her bottom cheeks would be available to Lori and her whip.  They
had another piece of garment to cover her chest.  It'll was nothing more than a
pair of small panels of royal blue silk that draped down over Nancy's rather
large titties.  When the pony girl ran at full speed, there was no doubt that
the material would flap to reveal her bosom.

	All edges were lined with red satin ruffles.

	"Make certain she is ready for the preliminary heats."

	Canjac returned to the spectator section where he had rented a box. He
discovered he had less trouble leaving the stable area than getting in. The
crowds had begun to arrive so he had to push his way through many people moving
in the opposite direction. Two ushers checked his ticket before letting him into
the box seat area.

	He recognized many of the men and women who had rented boxes for the
races. One or two were customers. Almost everyone had a naked slave girl or two
in tow. He cast an appreciative eye toward them and decided all were below his
standards. He doubted he would care to sell any of his stock to these masters
and mistresses.

	A slave girl wearing an assortment of frilly lace stood at the end of
the box in case he wanted to order a drink. She held a silver tray below her
large, naked tits. Without looking he knew they had secured her wrists to the
bottom of the tray with leather straps. A slave girl had to remain bound unless
absolutely necessary to remind her of her position in life.

	On the tray there was a pad of paper. He scribbled his order on it. A
slap on the slave's bare fanny sent her toward the bar.

	Each seat in the box had a program listing the entrants in each race and
their owners. The names of the ponygirls meant nothing to him. He recognized the
names of a couple of owners who were in the news. Most of the names he
recognized were of other dealers.

	 He no sooner arrived then Tina appeared leading Tiffany on a leash.

	"Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you."

	"I trust you enjoyed yourself."

	"I've never had so much fun training a slave girl.  She resisted just
enough to make it fun.  After two days of intensive training though, she was
willing to do anything."

	As the luscious blonde sat down, she jerked down on the leash.  Tiffany
came to her knees beside her chair.

	"Tell me Tiffany, do you enjoy being a slave girl."

	The brunette slowly nodded.  She blushed when she heard Canjac and Tina
laugh at her.

	"I guess you did do a good job on her."

	"Will you will you sell her to me?"

	"We'll talk about it after the race."

	The trumpets sounded indicating that the qualifying races were about to
begin.

	"Turn her about so she faces away from the track.  You don't want her
watching, do you?"

	Using the leash, Tine had the brunette shuffled about so her back was to
the track.  Tina threaded her leash through a chair and tied a simple knot. 
Tiffany was not going anywhere without permission.

	The beautiful brunette, one of the most beautiful women in town, was
nothing more than a slave girl.

	"I can't believe these seats. With the amount of money they charge, you
would think we would have better seats!"

	The voice was loud and shrill. Both Canjac and Tina had to turn to look.

	"That's Bobette Benson!" the blonde announced in a whisper reeking of
awe.

	"I know."

	Their paths had crossed before. She was one of those beautiful women who
was never happy and wanted the whole world to know about it.

	"They say she is going to put out her own cosmetic line!"

	"I hadn't heard that." He also did not care.

	The man with Bobbette whispered something to her. Canjac recognized him.
He was not a competitor, but they had similar interests.

	"If you had better seats, then why didn't we just go to them in the
first place?"

	The man gestured toward the exit from the box. As Bobbette turned, the
man looked at Canjac (whom he recognized) and mouthed the words "Fourth race."

	Canjac opened his program to see what the fourth race was. He eyebrows
rose in surprise. He did not know they had that type of race. He decided he
should come to the track more often.

	While everybody else knew what was going on, Nancy had no clue why she
was there.  She guessed she was in some sort of race but she had no idea where
she was running or why. She had attended many ponygirl races as a member of
D.A.A.M. (Dominant Anti-Amazons Mistresses) particularly when they had former
Amazons racing. She had never seen a race from this angle before.

	They attached her to the racing sulky and placed to Lori in her usual
position on the seat.  The former Amazon stared at Nancy's bottom cheeks, so
pristine white and so available. She could not wait until she could use that
ponygirl whip on them.

	Two man held Nancy's harness, one on each side as they led her from the
stable toward the track.  She was in the second qualifying heat.  They stopped
in a line of ponygirls waiting their turn to race.

	The trumpets sounded again, indicating that the ponygirls for the second
qualifying heat should be brought to the track.  The men led Nancy forward.  She
was in the fifth row from the inside.

	The race would be one time around the oval.  The length of the track was
400 years.  Because those on the outside had further to run, they are starting
positions were further down the track.

	Because the ponygirls wore blinders, they could not see the starting
signal.  They really had no need to, as the jockeys would tell them to start
running by flicking the whips against their bottoms.

	The starting signal was a slave girl completely encased in a leather
catsuit.  The only parts of her body not covered in leather were her left hand
and her pussy.  Her left arm extended out ninety degrees from her body and was
held there by steel rods strapped to the outside of the leather catsuit. In her
left hand they placed a yellow scarf.  Between her legs was a huge dildo, the
tip just touching her pussy lips. They had her legs bound so she could do
nothing to protect her pussy.

	When it came time for the race to start, a track official jerked down on
a lever.  The huge dildo shot up inside the slave girl.  That was the signal she
waited for. She opened her hand to drop the scarf. As it fluttered toward the
ground, whips landed on the bare bottoms of the ponygirls.

	The race was on!




Slave Girls in Bondage

By Kilo

Chapter 68

	Nancy could not see the flag drop, but Lori could.  As soon as the scarf
began to flutter down, she snapped the whip against the brunette's bottomcheeks.
All that practice paid off as the tip of the whip snapped against the roundest
part of the ponygirl's left bottomcheek. The brunette captive jerked in
response. She knew what to do but before she could respond, Lori snapped the
whip against the other cheek. The obedient ponygirl leaped forward, her legs
moving as fast as she could.

	Lori wanted to win.  She did not know if she would be punished if Nancy
lost, and she did not know if she would be rewarded if she won.  She just wanted
to win.

	The result was that she continued to flick the whip against her targets. 
One cheek, the other cheek.  One cheek, the other cheek. As an Amazon she had
much experience using switch, paddles and whips on recalcitrant slave girls, or
free women who did not want to be slave girls.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	Those who trained her would have been proud of how she worked.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	A red mark appeared on Nancy's bottom as the end of the whip struck the
same spot again and again.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	The brunette ponygirl's bottomcheeks jiggled continuously as she
frantically pumped her legs up and down.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	The beautiful brunette would have squealed in the pain at the constant
beating on her bottom, but she was to busy gasping for breath as she ran
forward.

	Running in high heels was not easy.  Nancy had a good idea of just how
fast she could go without turning and ankle.  No matter how much Lori used the
whip on her bottom, she could not run any faster.

	Perhaps Lori knew that also but did not care.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	Nancy followed the white stripe at her feet.  Compared to her training
with the blinders on, this was easy.  All she had to do was followed the stripe
in the oval around the track.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	Nancy ran a good race, but finished third.

	Tina practically jumped with glee at the failure of Canjac's ponygirl to
win.

	"I guess you dropped a bundle on this race," she said with a giggle in
her voice.

	"Actually I made only a minimum that.  I did not expect her to win, just
to do a little better than this.  I have high hopes for the consolation race."

	The ponygirls were taken back to the stable so they could rest.  Those
who had placed first or second in a qualifying lap would race in the final. 
Those who did not would have another chance one of the consolation races.

	Canjac had not trained Nancy to be a racing ponygirl.  He did not plan
on her being a permanent ponygirl anyway. This was just another method of
convincing her that she wanted to be the most obedient slave girl possible.

	Nancy had spent her time prancing around the town pulling the harness. 
While she did not have speed, he hoped to her endurance would allow her to do
well in one of the consolation races.  She had more stamina then the others, he
hoped.

	Canjac studied the racing program.

	"I need to check on my ponygirl," he murmured an apology as he stood.

	"Better give her some vitamins," the beautiful blonde said with a laugh.

	Canjac wondered what Tina would look like as a ponygirl girl while he
made his way toward the stables. The crowds were not as heavy as they had been,
many of the people watching the preliminary heats. His owner's pass enabled him
to pass through the gate with no problems.

	He had to ask twice to get directions.

	Eight ponygirls stood in a line to the left of the entrance track. They
looked like ponygirls. They were dressed and bound as ponygirls. Leather straps
and chains had them secured to sulkeys.

	Were they truly ponygirls?

	That was in the eye of the beholder.

	The third race of the day was called "The Housewives' Scramble."

	Yes, bored and beautiful housewives had agreed to race as ponygirls. The
lure to show off their abundant physical charms was irresistible. The women were
naked so no one looked at their faces. This was the perfect disguise. They could
flaunt their charms and no one would know who they were.

	No one would know the names of most.

	It seemed that everyone knew who Bobbette was.

	As Canjac approached, they were measuring her chest. There was a logic
to this. How do you tell the difference between one naked woman and other? If
you don't use names, you have to have some other means.

	They had secured Bobbette's arms behind her back in the same manner as
all the other ponygirls. The measuring device fit over her shoulders. Minor
adjustments brought a pair of points to her nipples. Another point touched her
chest between her boobs. The device touched her back. A pair of metal arms fit
partway under her arms.

	With all the key dimensions noted, the device gave Bobbette's bust
measure.

	That measurement was a lusty 87 centimeters. Her number for the race?	

	"87. 87DD."

	They attached a large banner to her back. No, the multitude in the
stands might not know who she was, but they all would know her bust size. And,
at the same time, they would know why her boobs bounced the way they did when
she ran.

	Not trained as a ponygirl, Bobbette would be at a disadvantage during
the race. The jockey welding the switch on her fanny would have to beat her
fanny hard and often.

	Canjac moved away when he recognized a group of her friends moving
toward her. They were not part of his clique. He did not want to socialize with
them. He half-turned away so they would not recognize him, but he stayed close
so he could overhear them.

	"Bobbette, you will be glad to know that we have a little reception
planned for you afterwards. A few drinks, a few pony rides. You know the
routine."

	Canjac turned back toward her when he heard a squeal. Someone had
squeezed a bare tittie. Her reaction was normal. Her reaction also was futile.

	"I'm sure you'll have fun."

	She squealed again when he squeezed the other tittie.

	"Now I know why they call it the 'Days of Squealing,' Canjac murmured to
himself as he head back toward his box.

	"You missed the first race," Tina said with a hiccup. Canjac saw she was
on her second (or perhaps third) drink.

	Before the second race, they had the second qualifying heat.

	Nancy found herself back on the track.  She was in the number two slot
this time.

	Nancy had only to run to pull the sulky around the track.  She had no
need to know what was going on in the race.  She was unaware of Canjac's plan
for her.  All she knew was that she was ready to run again, and that the whip
would be pounding against her bottom again.

	The dildo ramp up into the slave girl's pussy.  The flag dropped down.

	Lori flicked the whip against the ponygirl's bottom.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	Nancy started forward again at a run.  Her starting position was so far
back that she actually could see another ponygirl before her on the right. 
Because her route was shorter, she gradually pulled ahead so that pony girl
disappeared from side.

	One cheek, the other cheek.

	Nancy did not know she had qualified for the semifinals.

	Tina's lower lip protruded in an adorable pal that she used whenever she
was not getting her way. She did not want Canjac's ponygirl to win.

	"I trust you bet against Nancy," he said with a smile. He motioned for
the slave girl to bring Tina another drink.

	The baby-faced blonde just sat there with her arms folded across her
chest.  This was not turning out though way she planned.

	"What about Tiffany?"

	"Why don't we wait until the end of the race, or are you planning on
leaving early."

	"I thought I might leave now."

	If she left now, she would disrupt his plans. That did not matter
though. He always had a backup plan.

	"Why don't you just drop Tiffany off at my compound?  I have a couple of
men waiting for you to bring her.  Just tell them who you are in they will know
what to do."

	With the blonde gone, to Canjac could sit back and enjoyed the
semifinals.

	The Housewife Scramble occurred immediately after the beautiful blonde
left. Canjac motioned the slave girl over. She expected him to place an order
for another drink, but instead, he pointed toward the floor at his side. He
knelt so close to him that he could fondle her titties with his right hand.

	"I bet you would just love being out in one of those races."

	Of course, that slave girl did not. She leaned closer to Canjac to make
it easier for him to fondle her love mounds. She did not want to upset him so he
would make such a suggestion to the management of the track.

	Bobbette, of course, finished last, a dismal last, at that. From the
laughter in the rows behind his box, he could tell that the naked woman's
performance met with satisfaction with those who knew her.

	He could not make out how red her bottom was, but he had seen the jockey
flailing away at the naked bottomcheeks with the whip.

	It was time for the semifinals. Nancy was in the fourth Lane on this
race.

	The flag fluttered down.  The six ponygirls in the race lunged forward. 
Because she was so far out from the center and had started so far back, it was
difficult to tell how Nancy did in comparison to the others.  As they entered
the homestretch, Canjac could see she was barely half a meter behind the leader.

	Nancy finished second.

	She had qualified for the finals.

	"Too bad Tina that did not stay around.  I would have gotten a kick out
of her pouting," he said to the kneeling slave girl. He contemplated using the
luscious blonde as a ponygirl, but it was nothing more than a brief fantasy. He
had other plans for her, plans that would make her wish she was a ponygirl.

	Other ponygirls might have been faster, but Nancy had the endurance. 
Forty-five minutes later, she was back on the track for the finals.

	Again, the flag fluttered down.  Again, six jockeys used their whips on
the bare bottom of the six ponygirls.  Six ponygirls pulling sulkys, lunged
forward.  The whips did not ceased during the entire time around the track.

	Nancy finished second again.

	Canjac had bet little on the race. It was not winning the money that
mattered. It was watching a good slave girl in action.

	He headed toward the stable to congratulate Lori on doing a good job.

	To Nancy he would say nothing.  She was a ponygirl.  She had done what
she was trained to do.

	Before he could reach it, he was accosted by two different individuals
interested in buying Nancy.  She had performed well enough for the professionals
to be interested in her as a racing ponygirl.  Canjac, of course did not sell
her.  Had it not been necessary to get her to run quickly, he would not have had
wore used the way up on the brunette's fanny.  He knew what they would do to a
ponygirl to train her.

	He had other plans for Nancy, plans that would began that night.

	Canjac arrived at his compound ahead of the others.  Lori and Nancy, and
the two French Maids, came with the wagon.  He had other things to take care of
before they arrived.  The first step was to give orders on what to do with
Nancy.

	There was a purpose for making her run in this race. She would enjoy
being a ponygirl, just so she could be a slave girl.

	So, you're probably wondering: What happened to Tina?

	When Canjac entered the room, she did not know whether to be frightened,
or happy to see him. She was not too bright. She should have been frightened.
After all, who else was responsible for her present predicament?

	The blonde stood spreadeagle in the center of one of his training rooms.
Her clothes were long gone, as a matter of fact; they had disappeared shortly
after her arrival with Tiffany.

	Canjac had other clothing for her. The shoulder-length gloves were pink
satin and matched the shade of her high-heeled sandals. The garterbelt was much
the same color motif with pink satin. Lining the edges in front were delicate,
white lace ruffles. Even the duct tape sealing her mouth was the same shade of
pink. (Yes, the company that made the shoes made the duct tape.) Except for the
sheer beige stockings, she wore nothing else.

	But then again, what else did she need to wear?

	Leather cuffs about her wrists and ankles were secured to chains so
anyone entering the room would have an unobstructed view of her body. She could
do nothing to provide herself with any modesty.

	The only thing she was missing was a slave collar.

	When she saw him, she grunted at him through the ballgag.

	"Oh, there you are, Tina, I thought you might stay around for a while."

	She grunted something at him. He guessed it was not a "thank you."

	"It seems that there was some kind of irregularity about Tiffany's
papers.  The authorities are looking for you for illegally enslaving a free
woman."

	No grunt this time, only a cold stare with those beautiful blue eyes as
she realized she had been tricked.

	He stepped back to pick up a slave collar. As he moved back toward her,
he held it up so she could read the inscription on the golden disk dangling down
in front.

	"Slave Girl Tina."

	"Once we have the paperwork taken care of tomorrow, this will be yours."

	Canjac moved closer so he could run his hand down her back and across
her bare bottom.  He then turned his attention to those marvelously large
titties of hers. Slowly his hand crossed her flat tummy on the way to her
crotch.

	"Besides, Tina, you are too beautiful to be allowed to run around
without a slave collar on.  I know that you consider yourself the most beautiful
woman in town, and that may be, but you will look so much more beautiful dressed
as a French Maid."

	He moved to a cabinet to retrieve a black leather discipline helmet. He
held it up for her to see.

	"This is one of the most severe discipline helmets they make. Not only
will you not be able to see, but you won't be able to hear anything either. I'm
going to put it on your head, and leave it on for a couple of days."

	The blonde shook her head violently.

	"I was just kidding. I'm going to put it on you until tomorrow morning.
When I take it off, I expect you to provide me with a list of every man whom you
have taunted, teased or otherwise humiliated. I have my own list. I've been
watching. I've been listening. For every name you miss from my list is another
night you spend with the discipline helmet on."

	He held the discipline helmet in his right hand. The fingers of his left
moved around in her pubic hair so the curls were wrapped about them. She knew it
would hurt if he pulled.

	"You can't guess how much it raises you value since you are a natural
blonde."

	He laughed as pulled the helmet over her head. Tina, of course, tried to
stop him by wiggling her head about, but it all did not good. He quickly had it
strapped in placed. He then tightened all the straps to insure it was on.

	"Good night, Tina," he said, knowing full well that the captive could
not hear him.

	Already she could not speak because of the tape gag. The leather across
her face kept her from seeing. She discovered that the many straps he had
fastened pulled the leather snug against the sides of her head so she could hear
nothing.

	She continued to struggle, but long before dawn, she began compiling the
list he demanded from her.

	Canjac went to his office to take care of some paperwork while he
awaited the arrival of his slave girls.

	Nancy fully expected to be returned to the stable area where she was
stabled with the other ponygirls.  She had developed a sense of comfort being
locked up in a stall. There was a sense of security in being strapped to a
wagon, or having some man hold her leash.

	She had forgotten what it was like to be a free woman.

	She began to tremble with fear as they removed the ponygirl harness from
about her head.  They inserted a ball gag in her mouth to keep her quiet.

	She was only a slave girl so she had nothing worthwhile to say.

	The man led her across the high bay area and down a hall.  She was not
certain whether she had ever been in this part of the building before.  She had
always been in the high bay area or the stables.  She had not been in the area
where the other slave girls were trained and used.

	The man tethered her to a ring beside a door. She trembled with fear
when he left her alone.  Nancy looked around, wondering what was in store for
her now.  She hoped she would not be spanked for not winning the race.  She
thought she had been punished enough as her bottom burned from the constant
beating during the race.

	She rationalized that if anyone should be punished for her not winning
the race, it should be her jockey for not using the whip on her enough.

	The man returned with a pair of French Maids at the end of leashes.  He
led them into the room, ignoring the beautiful brunette for the moment.

	In a couple of minutes he opened the door to take the end of Nancy's
leash. 

	The French Maids were ready for her.  The man tethered her to a ring
dangling down from the ceiling. At his signal, the two went to work dressing her
as her master wanted.

	Nancy looked down as the two French Maids knelt at her feet to remove
the hooved high heels.  As soon as they had them off, one retrieved a pair of
sheer black stockings, while the other got a black satin garterbelt.  The
beautiful brunette raised her left leg in the air to help the slave girl get the
stockings on.  While she did that, the second French maid fastened the
garterbelt about Nancy's hips. 

	With the stocking up to mid-thigh, the first French Maid picked up the
second stocking to begin work on the brunette's right leg.  The second French
Maid, kneeling behind Nancy, smoothed out the wrinkles in the stocking and made
certain the seam was straight.  She then attached the tops of the stockings to
the snaps dangling down from the garterbelt.  She adjusted the length of the
straps so the stocking was on perfectly.

	By the time she finished, the first French Maid already had the other
stocking on.  Moving her legs a little bit to the right, she went to work on the
other stocking, smoothing it out and fastening it to the garterbelt as she had
the first. The shoes were black patent leather sandals with fifteen-centimeter
stiletto heels.

	The two worked quickly.  While the second finished with the stocking,
the first retrieved a pleated, black satin miniskirt.  The two fastened it about
Nancy's hips over the garter belt. The skirt was so short that it barely covered
her pubic hair.

	Working together, they quickly attached a black satin halter-top to the
brunette's upper body.  Though the shiny material covered her nipples, the
remainder of her bosom seem to want to pop out. The outfit was designed to give
the impression that if the wearer took a deep breath, her titties would explode
into view.

	Nancy's hands were handcuffed behind her back.  They removed the
handcuffs, but immediately want to work on her arms with a black leather
singleglove.  From her wrists to her upper arms, they threaded the laces
together, drawing the edges of the material together.  The straps at the top
crossed in back in passed over the shoulders and under her arms where they were
fastened to the single glove. The miniskirt had a black leather belt. In back
was a metal ring. To it they locked the ring at the end of the singleglove.

	She was helplessly bound without any means of protecting her body.

	The French Maids' work was done.  The man handcuffed their hands behind
their backs and tethered them facing the wall.

	He led Nancy over to a full-length mirror so she could get a look at
herself.

	The reflection she saw and the nearer was that of a very beautiful slave
girl.

	He moved her around so she could see just how beautiful and sexy she was
from every angle.  Canjac wanted Nancy to know that every man in the place would
want to avail themselves of her body.

	At the door to Canjac's office he fastened a blindfold over her eyes.

	When Canjac was ready, he led her into his office using the leash and
positioned her so she faced a straight-backed chair. As she had been trained,
she stood with her legs spread far apart, inviting her master to take advantage
of her helplessness.

	Standing next to the chair, he dropped his pants. He removed the leash
before sitting down. With his hands on her hips, he drew her forward. The only
way she could move forward was to spread her legs wide so she straddle his legs.

	He moved his legs apart, forcing her to sit with her legs spread.

	She felt his hands under her short skirt, feeling her swore bottom.  The
hands moved on top of her thighs and down toward her pussy.  She wanted him to
play with it.

	She was a slave girl.  What she wanted did not matter.

	His hands moved from her crotch to her chest. Slowly he pulled down and
out on the material, exposing her titties.

	He needed the large supple mounds with his hands, rubbing his thumbs
over the nipples to make them heart.  He then rolled the nipples back and forth
between his thumbs and index finger.

	"Raise yourself up."

	He pulled her body toward him so she could impale herself on his rigid
cock.

	"Mmmmmmmmmm."

	She tried to raise herself in the air, but he grabbed her by the hips so
she could not move.

	"Don't move without my permission."

	He planted his mouth on her left nipple. He licked it slowly, after all,
it was still early in the evening.

	Nancy put her head back.  With all her my she tried to draw her legs
together, she wanted some action down there in her pussy.  He had her bound and
helpless.  He controlled what kind of pleasure she had.

	She felt his mouth moved from the left nipple to the right.

	"Mmmmmmmmmmm."

	She twisted about in her bondage.  Nothing she did could relieve the
building tension in her body.  She wanted to be used as a slave girl.  That was
her only wish in the world.

	His mouth moved back to the left nipple.

	She only wanted to be a slave girl.

	The whimpering told him she was ready.

	"Now."

	Pressing her thighs against his, she raised herself in the air.
Spreading her legs, the weight of her body drove her body down on his shaft,
then using her legs, she lifted herself in the air. Again, she went back down.

	Up and down, up and down.

	Nancy had to do all the work.

	She had more pleasure than she ever thought imaginable. She came three
times before Canjac did.

	He had more plans for the beautiful slave girl.

	Nancy stood trembling while he removed her singleglove, replacing it
with a simple pair of handcuffs. They were only temporary.

	The gag came off, but was replaced by a ballgag harness that had its own
blindfold. He buckled the strap behind her head before removing her blindfold.
She could see for only a few seconds. That was all the time it took for him to
secure the new blindfold in place.

	There were more straps to the harness that allowed him to bind it
securely about her head. With the rubber ball pulled deeply into her mouth she
could not utter more than a grunt. The strap about her head held the eye pads
tightly against her eyes so she could see nothing. The chinstrap forced her to
bite down on the rubber ball.

	He led her into the hall, guiding her by using both hands on her
shoulders.

	"Spread your legs apart real wide."

	Once she had assumed the desired position, he ran a chain across the
floor to each leg. At the end of each was a leather cuff that he wrapped around
an ankle. When he finished, she could not pull her legs together.

	The handcuffs came off.

	"Bend over. Arms out in front of you."

	He put his left hand under her upper chest to guide her since she could
not see where her hands were going. A meter and a half before her was a wall.
She rested her hands on it.

	Running across the wall several centimeters below was a chain with a
pair of shackles a meter apart. He adjusted the position of her hands to fit the
shackles about them.

	She could not rise up from this position.

	His left hand fondled her left tittie.

	His right slid under the short skirt, reminding her that in this
position her pussy was exposed.

	"Do you know what this position is for?"

	The captive nodded.

	"If you are a good ponygirl, you get rewarded. Do you want that?"

	She nodded again.

	He attached a cowbell to the chinstrap.

	"Nod up and down."

	The bell clanged.

	"Keep doing that if you want someone to come."

	Canjac walked away, the sound of the cowbell sounding behind him.




Slave Girls in Bondage



Chapter 69



	We have arrived at one of those watershed days, where the old storylines
make a sharp turn, and new ones begin. We have three basic phases: a woman is
enslaved; a woman accepts her slave collar; and, lastly, the slave girl
performs.

	We begin with a pair of slave girls who have already accepted their new
status of members of the servile class. The first order of business on Saturday
was the marriage of Shelley and Ronor, with bridesmaids Janice and Paulette.

	We've seen the two little slave girls out with Shelley in town, but how
did the two spend their nights as slave girls?

	Shelley's humiliation of the two continued around the clock, yes, even
while they were in bed. A pair of French Maids prepared the two for bed, but
Shelley sat by watching, a willowy switch in her hand. If either of the two
resisted, or if the French Maids failed to perform, the switch would be a
necessary tool of discipline.

	Paulette knew the routine by now.  The two French Maids secured her
spread-eagle in the bedroom before stripping her down naked.  She was not even
permitted the lecture he of wearing high heels. They freed her arms, but kept
her legs spread and bound so she could not run off The buxom brunette held her
hands against her bottom on the outside.  The French Maids wrapped duct tape
about her waist to pin her arms in that position.  Two pairs of panties went
into her mouth to keep her silent. (If Shelley was in a particularly bitchy
mood, she might order three pairs, or on one occasion, four.)  Duct tape pressed
across her lower face from one ear to the other kept the panties in her mouth,
insuring her silence.

	The next step was to pull the nylon body sack down over the luscious
brunette's body.  The top of it was considerably smaller than the rest, so it
fit snugly about Paulette's head.  This part was opaque so the slave girl could
not see.

	The remainder was sheer black so Shelley could see the slave girl's
body, the nipples pressing up against the sheer material, the patch of dark hair
between her legs. The body sack was wider below the head part so it snugly
covered Paulette's body from her shoulders to her feet. 

	When the two French Maids had the top section pulled down over
Paulette's head so she could see nothing, they released her legs from their
bondage. She allowed them to guide her across the room to the foot of her
mistress's bed where they turned her around. The two returned to the task of
pulling the body sack over the brunette's abundant curves. When they had it down
to Paulette's ankles, they pushed the captive back so she lay across Shelley's
bed.  Pulling the nylon garment down further, they tied a knot in the sheer
material beneath the brunette's feet.

	This left Paulette completely encased in nylon.  She could squirm about
a little, but really do nothing to try to get free. The only way to escape was
to undo the knot so the body sack could move up her body, but that was something
she could not do from inside the body sack.

	The two French Maids then turned their attention to Janice.  In a matter
of minutes they had her secured in the same manner as Paulette.

	They pushed the two nylon-covered bodies about so they lay on the bad in
the proper position on the bed about a meter apart.

	Their part done, they picked up handcuffs on their way to the door. The
first step was to attach tether chains between rings on the wall and their
collars. Next, they handcuffed to their wrists behind their back.  Now they
could only stand helplessly to await their mistress's pleasure.

	So just what was the function of the two slave girls?

	When Shelley got into bed, she pulled them closer.  She had no need for
a blanket, not when she had a pair of slave girls to keep her warm.

	Even while they slept the two slave girls were providing service to
their mistress but keeping her warm.  They served their mistress this night by
using their own body warmth.

	In the morning they had a set routine. Shelley would arise first.  She
had no need for the two nylon encased slave girls at first so she left them in
bed.  When she was ready for them, she would have the two French Maids get them.

	This was a special day, so Shelley did not want to any marks on the
bottoms of her to slaves, at least not at first. They were slave girls so
everyone expected them to be beaten hard and often.

	Paulette did not know today was Shelley's wedding day.  She knew only
that her mistress enjoyed starting each day by soundly thrashing of her bottom. 
That had not occurred for several days, so she dreaded each morning for fear
Shelley would make up for the missed swats. If her mistress was easy on her one
day, it was almost mandatory that she make up for it the next.

	Shelley had a room decorated for the sole purpose of punishing these two
slave girls.  A total eight wooden posts 25 centimeters in diameter rose from
the floor in groups of four.

	They removed the nylon cocoon in the bedroom and led her into this room
with her hands cuffed behind her back. All she wore were the ubiquitous
high-heeled sandals. As soon as they removed the handcuffs from her wrists,
Paulette stepped forward to place her hands on two of the higher posts toward
the center of the room.  One French Maid attached a handcuff to each wrist. A
chain ran from it to a ring on the post. The buxom slave girl was going nowhere.

	The two French Maids then moved back to Paulette's feet.  Raising her
legs in the air, they placed her feet in leather stirrups mounted on the sides
of the posts.  As soon as they lowered her weight on them, the leather straps
grew taut about them the shoes, forming a tight loop about the arch.

	Janice was next.  In just a few minutes they had heard found in an
identical position facing Paulette.  Each slave girl would be able to see the
pain and punishment of the other.

	Pain and punishment, that was what this position was about.  Wearing no
clothes, with the exception of high heels, their bare butts were available for a
spanking.  Titties dangled down, providing an unobstructed target for any type
of punishment.  Their legs were spread far apart so most intimate parts of their
bodies were available for punishment if Shelley chose.

	Each slave girl held her head up, staring in the eyes of her sister
slave.  Perhaps Shelley would choose to punish one more than the other.  Perhaps
not.  Perhaps she would want to punish them equally.

	Or, as today, she would choose to punish neither.  But they did not know
that.

	For half an hour the two naked beauties waited.  Shelley knew the
anticipation of a spanking could be more fun than the actual beating of a
behind.

	Shelley picked up a switch when she entered the room.  The two slave
girls stared at each other, acting as though they were unaware of their
mistress's presence.  Shelley swung the switch to the air so it made a whistling
sound, and occasionally slapped herself on the calf.

	There was nothing quite like a slave girl in terror of being spanked.

	She used the switch to prod the dangling titties of the slave girls, and
to rub it on their tender inner thighs.  They could not know what they she had
in store for them. She had teased them before, moving from one to the other
before making her choice. Perhaps the first blow would be across Paulette's
fanny, or perhaps upper thigh dangerously near her pussy. Perhaps it would come
against Janice's dangling tittie. They could not know.

	They were merely slave girls. They deserved whatever punishment their
mistress chose to mete out to them.

	Without doing anything to them, Shelley left the room.

	She had more important things to do.

	The two luscious slave girls remained in this vulnerable position for
another hour.  Maintaining their weight on their arms was tiring, but they were
afraid to alter their position at all.  They could not tell if Shelley had
silently sneaked into the room behind them.

	Shelley had hired a wedding consultant who would take care of her
bridesmaids. Mistress Vanessa was the most expensive in town. Expensive, yes,
but a girl gets married only once.

	Well, in Shelley's case, it's once today.

	Mistress Vanessa brought her own French Maids. The bodice of their
outfits looked like the usual French Maid's outfit, but the skirt was
drastically different. The usual French Maid's outfit had an extremely short
skirt. The skirt these maids wore hardly justified to be called a skirt. Each
was only ten centimeters long. Made of stiff black satin, they flared out from
her hips at a 45-degree angle. If the two wore panties, they would be visible
all the time.

	Mistress Vanessa thought panties were an unnecessary luxury.

	Her slave girl's only lament was that the outfit covered their titties.
What was the purpose of having big boobs unless you could show them off?

	"So where are the little darlings?"

	She referred to Paulette and Janice.

	Because Paulette had the bigger boobs, Mistress Vanessa chose her to
dress first.  She had the French maids handcuff Paulette's arms behind her back
and attach a leash to her collar.  Kneeling before Mistress Vanessa, one held
the leash up for her to use.  The rather large mistress led the parade from the
room, Paulette following obediently at the end of the leash, and the two French
Maids bringing up the rear with their arms down straight against their sides,
their hands bent so the palms were down toward the floor.

	The buxom slave girl recognized the room they led her to.  This was one
in which she had been dressed many times before.  She did not recognize this
woman, but obviously they led her here to dress her.

	Mistress Vanessa positioned the buxom slave girl in the center of the
room. Chains hung down from the ceiling. At the end of each was a ring. She
attached a dangling chain to the ring before running it to the brunette's slave
collar.  When she had a chain attached on each side, she knew the buxom captive
would not move from that position when she unbound.  The woman moved around
behind the captive to get at the handcuffs.  With a couple flips of her fingers,
she had them unlocked and stuffed into her belt.

	With a wave of her hand, she signaled the French Maids to begin dressing
the slave girl.

	The first item for Paul to where was a corset.  She really did not need
one, but since she was only a slave girl, she had no need for clothing at all. 
The undergarment was there simply to please her mistress. The item was white
satin, but solidly reinforced where it mattered.  Panels of shiny white satin
alternated with cotton embroidered with little white roses.

	One French maid stood in front of the dark-haired slave girl to hold the
corset in place.  She held a hand on each hip to hold it their while the other
laced it up the back.  Once she had the lacings done, she trotted across the
room to get an aluminum rod.  She began at the bottom again, inserting the rod
in the lacings and twisting it until the edges of the corset came together. 
When she had all the slack from that set of laces, she would insert the rod
higher a couple centimeters up where the laces crossed again.  From the bottom
to the top, she tightened it so it was quite snug.

	Quite snug, but not snug enough.

	Tying the ends together to keep it from getting loose, she began at the
bottom again.  One at a time, she worked on the pairs of lacings until she was
at the top again. There she tied a solid square knot.

	Paulette's slender figure now formed an exaggerated hourglass. The
absolute slenderness of her waist accented her massive boobs and ample hips. The
only noticeable effect was that it forced her to breathe more deeply.  Her large
boobs rose and fell with each breath.

	Mistress Vanessa stepped back to admire the view. Slowly she circled the
captive. She demanded much money for her involvement in a wedding. She had
professional standards to insure everything was perfect.

	"Once we get the gown on you, I think you will make a splendid vision."

	She had seen many slave girls before who served as bridesmaids. Usually,
if they hired her, the slave girl/bridesmaid was some former rival, reduced to
bringing pleasure to the bride. She had seen some more beautiful than Paulette,
but she had seen few with bigger tits.

	There were other things to do before she put the bridesmaid's gown on
the slave girl.  The French Maids first had to place the sheer black stockings
on her. Paulette knew better than to resist. Once they had them on, they still
had to spend several minutes adjusting the seam in back so it was straight. They
attached the tops of the stockings to the straps dangling down from the corset. 
A French Maid knelt on each side to work on the straps.  In a matter of minutes
they had the stocking secured so they could not sag.

	The high-heeled sandals were next.  These were light blue, with the
usual 15-centimeter stiletto heels.  One strap went across the top of her foot
and another around her ankles so they would not come off.

	The shoulder length, white satin gloves were next.  To get them on the
slave girl they had to remove the handcuffs.  These gloves were extremely snug. 
They gave Paulette's arms a sexy look, while making it very difficult for her to
use her hands.

	The only remaining item was the bridesmaid's dress

	Paulette had worn this often before during the several fittings.  When
the French Maid held it up in front of her, she extended her arms so they could
pull it up her arms.  It came up over her shoulders. The outfit was essential
backless, but it did cover her lower back. To secure it, they buttoned six pearl
buttons aligned along the edge.

	Despite all the work on the bridesmaid's gown, there really was very
little to it to.   A pair of large holes cut in the bodice allowed the two large
mounds to protrude through.  With the corset on, they were constantly rising and
falling with each breath.

	The gown was floor length; at least it was floor length on the sides and
in back.  The gown had no front.  At the waist there was a gap five centimeters
wide. It tapered outwards toward the floor so at the bottom the gap was a meter
wide, Without panties, everyone would be able to see Paulette's pubic area.

	She would be the most exquisite bridesmaid ever.

	The beautiful captive did not resist as a French Maid pulled her hands
behind her back to handcuff them together.

	Mistress Vanessa disappeared from Paulette's sight for a few seconds.
The buxom beauty was an experienced slave girl by now so she knew better than to
turn her gaze from any direction than straight ahead.

	The mistress held up a pair of short chains before her face. On each
end, there was a clip.

	"You will notice, then when I pull on this end of the chain, the clip
pinches tighter. This is so you can enjoy the excitement of the moment.

	She squatted to attach one end to the top of the stockings. The other
clipped on the opposite pussy lip. By rotating a nut, she pulled the chain taut.
The second chain went between the remaining stocking and pussy lip.

	With each step, the clip would pinch her labia.	

	Mistress Vanessa motioned the French Maids forward. Once they had her
hands free, the French Maids pulled them in front of Paulette, each holding one
arm to keep it in place. The mistress produced a white patent leather strap she
used to bind Paulette's wrists together before her.  There was no need to apply
any locks, as the strap was so tight that the captive had no means of getting
free.

	The French Maids scampered out of her way as she stepped around behind
the captive to run another strap between her upper arms at the elbow.  This made
it impossible for her to bring her arms forward. She could not move them at all.
Her hands were together before her at waist level while her arms pressed tightly
against her sides.

	The French Maids busied themselves brushing out Paulette's long, dark
hair.  They knew the bride it would want her slave girl to look especially
beautiful this special day.

	The outfit also had a white straw hat with a largely opaque veil.  The
wearer could make out general shapes in front of her so she would not bump into
anything, but no one would recognize her.  She was only a slave girl.  The only
things that mattered were her boobs and her pussy.

	Now that they had Paulette done, the Mistress Vanessa attached used a
leash to lead her across the room.  She tethered her to a ring on the wall where
she would be out of the way it would not hurt herself.

	Now it was Janice's turn.  In fifteen minutes they had her dressed in
the same manner as Paulette with her hands bound before her. Instead of
attaching the clips to her labia, she had attached them to the rings. The result
for the slave girl would be the same.

	It was almost time for the winning.




Slave Girls in Bondage



Chapter 70



	So, the day of the wedding has finally arrived.  The bride wore a white
satin gown.

	Shelley wearing white at her wedding drew more than a few snickers.  At
least it to put a little levity into the ceremony.

	Seated in the back row were her guests of honor, her lawyers from the
partnership of Dewey, Screwum, and Howe. The three men wore black, which
contrasted nicely with their pallid complexions. To more than one guest they
looked as though they were vultures perched on the branch of a dead tree which
for the victim to become carrion.

	So what about her to bridesmaids?  Paulette and Janice were  dressed
long before the ceremony began.  They still wore red ballgags that clashed with
their outfits.

	That was something that was easy to correct.

	Half an hour before the ceremony, Mistress Vanessa changed the gags,
beginning with Paulette's.  The ballgag came out, being tossed on a nearby
table, and a new gag went in. This gag had a bladder of black rubber about three
centimeters in diameter with a valve on the end.  Attached to that valve was a
hose that ran down eight centimeters to a rubber bulb.

	Mistress Vanessa held Paulette's jaw with her left hand while her right
inserted in the deflated gag between the buxom brunette's teeth. Still holding
her face with one hand, her right squeezed the ball.  Gradually the gag inside
Paulette' mouth inflated, growing larger and larger.  The brunette opened her
eyes in horror as the rubber device grew within her mouth. The luscious captive
whimpered, which was exactly what the mistress wanted her to do. Having been
thoroughly trained as slave girls, both she and Janice had experienced a wide
array of gags, including inflatable gags.

	One of Shelley's favorite games was to insert a blow-up gag in the mouth
of each captive. At her signal, a pair of French Maid slave girls would inflate
the gags. The helpless slave girls would stand facing their mistress until one
of the two could  take the pain no longer. The slave girls had a choice: where
did they want the pain, in their jaws, or in their bottoms. Falling to her knees
was a choice that she wanted a spanking. The inflatable gag came out,
immediately replaced by a ballgag, but she was punished with 25 hard swats to
the bottom with a lethal wooden paddle.

	The winner of the contest? She had to stand the while her sister slave
received all her swats. Shelley took her time administering the blows. The loser
would kneel at her feet before receiving her punishment. She would first have to
beg to be punished, then kiss the paddle. She next had to beg to be gagged with
the largest ballgag available because she was a bad little slave girl.

	The loser watched while her mistress inserted a large rubber ball in the
slave girl's mouth, bent her head forward to get at the nape of her neck, and
proceeded to buckle the ends of the leather strap together. By then the
submissive slave was beginning to have second thoughts. She knew how well her
mistress could wield a paddle. While it was great to have that terrible gag
removed from her mouth, she did not want her bottom paddled.

	Like she had any choice in the matter.

	Shelley would pull the captive to her feet and drape her across her
knee. The short skirt went up, the panties went down.

	Next came 25 swats to a bare bottom, 25 swats delivered very slowly.
Twenty-five swats delivered with great precision so the paddle struck the
roundest part of both cheeks. Twenty-five swats delivered with mathematical
precision...

	Okay, you get the point.

	If one beautiful captive could not take it, just how much longer do you
think the other could survive? Long before Shelley finished delivering the 25,
the second captive would fall to her knees.

	Her punishment would be the number of swats remaining on the first slave
girl's punishment. When Shelley finished with her punishment, the first slave
girl would climb back across her knees to receive the same number that her
sister slave had.

	It was very advantageous to win the contest.

	It was also very painful, so you understand Paulette's reluctance to
wear an inflatable gag.

	Mistress Vanessa did not inflate it all the way, at least not at first.
While there was room for it to become even larger, it was big enough that it
served the same function as the ballgag.  With her left hand the wedding planner
removed the hose from the valve.  She then moved on to Janice, repeating the
process with another inflatable gag.

	The two slave girls did not like that gag in their mouths, but they were
thankful that it was not blown up even further. The gags served their purpose.
The two could make nothing more than pathetic mewings through the gags.

	But of course there was a lot of time left in the day.

	At last!  The wedding had arrived. The two little slave girl bridesmaids
were taken to the chapel where the wedding would take place.

	Shelley was ready.

	Only one minor adjustment needed to be made to the two slave girls who
would be her bridesmaids.

	Mistress Vanessa attached the hose to the valve on Paulette's gag. 
Squeezing the bulb rapidly, she inflated the gag inside the woman's mouth. The
buxom brunette wanted to resist, but seriously, what could she do? As the
inflatable gag grew larger, it forced Paulette's mouth wide open.  When the
woman stopped, the captive could not make a sound.

	She was the perfect slave girl.

	Mistress Vanessa moved on to Janice to inflate her gag.

	So not only were the two rivals going to be humiliated during the
wedding ceremony, but they were going to be in a lot of pain also.

	A white leather strap went about their wrists so they could not alter
the grip on their bouquets.  A light chain that ran from their wrists to the
train of Shelley's wedding down.

	When the bride-to-be started forward, her bridesmaids knew they had to
follow.

	Each step became an ordeal as a chain pulled on a pussy lip.  The right
foot forward caused paying to shoot through the pussy lip on the left.  The left
foot forward caused pain to shoot through the pussy lip on the right.

	The two were thankful when they reached the front.  Their pussies
throbbed in continuous pain and the ceremony had not even begun.

	That was when the pain from the inflatable gag began.  The ceremony was
not long, but it was too long for a slave girl with an inflatable gag blown up
in her mouth.  That two wanted to writhe about but they did not dare.

	So you are no doubt wondering: What about the reception?

	The reception hall was in the next block. While Mistress Vanessa dressed
Paulette and Janice, the caterers were busy at work.

	For a reception this large, they needed twenty serving wenches.

	These women were experienced in what they did so they needed no
instruction.

	The motif was their outfits was silver satin and white silk. The tops
they wore were white silk so their large titties were visible through the
material. The miniskirts were silver satin, short and quite snug. The panties
were silver satin also. The garter belts were silver satin, with white satin
ruffles. The stockings were beige and the shoes silver.

	The motif extended to their collars. Instead of the usual black leather,
the collars these twenty slave girls wore were tastefully covered in silver.

	On their arms they wore silver, satin shoulder length gloves. Their
hands were secured to silver serving trays.

	Needless to say, it was expensive to hire this company.

	They entered the hall in a line, chained collar to collar. Each held a
silver tray before her at waist level. A chain connected the tray to a narrow,
silver-colored belt about the waist. Another chain ran up to her collar. Each
slave girl could move the tray a little, but basically it would remain at her
waist.

	They had no need for all twenty at first. A few guests had arrived
having skipped the wedding. A couple of the serving wenches could handle them.
The other eighteen were lined up just inside the door facing a wall. Over the
eyes of each they placed a blindfold. The blindfold itself was leather, but
covered with silver to match the rest of the outfit. The blindfolds would come
off when more serving wenches were needed.

	The two remaining slave girls moved over to the bar where two more slave
girls tended bar. They had to wait while the two were strapped into position.

	Being behind the bar, the two needed some inducement to inspire prompt
service. The two had served here often before, so each knew what would happen.

	The first slave girl's name was Renee. She wore only a silver and white
satin garterbelt to hold up her stockings. Instead of a top, she had a silver
metallic bra. A hole in the center of each cup allowed the nipple to peek
through.

	They maneuvered the auburn-haired beauty about so she straddled a small
wood cylinder about half a meter in diameter.  Rising from the center of it was
a dildo. Renee moved forward until she was over the dildo. At this point, they
raised the cylinder, driving the shaft into the slave girl. Renee threw her head
back and purred with contentment. This was the best part of the job.

	They raised the cylinder until the slave girl's feet were several
centimeters above the floor. Leather straps about her thighs kept her in place.
Pulling her feet back, they strapped her ankles to the end of the cylinder.

	Renee's body was directly over the dildo, and she was quite incapable of
altering her position at all.

	The strap holding the ballgag in her mouth locked so she could not get
it off. This was necessary because they freed her hands so she could pour
champagne into the glasses.

	And what motivated her to work quickly you ask?

	The serving wench stood on a pressure plate in the floor on the other
side of the bar. The chains allowed her to extend the tray forward so the other
slave girl had no trouble placing the glasses on it.

	The pressure plate in the floor caused the dildo to rise into the slave
girl. As it rose, the diameter increased, millimeter for millimeter. After three
centimeters, hard rubber blocks protruded from the shaft.

	When the serving wench stepped away, the dildo slide down.

	Rene knew it would be pleasurable if she worked quickly. If not, well,
it had never come to that.

	Of course, what is a reception without entertainment? In this case the
entertainment was presented by three lovely, young slave girls named Nicole,
Emma and Winnie.

	Unlike the serving wenches and the bartenders whose long, beautiful
tresses they allowed to fall down freely, they had the hair of these three done
in pigtails, high on the sides of their heads, secured with silver ribbon tied
in bows.

	One glance at them getting out of the wagon would tell anyone they were
new to the collar. They tried to turn away so no one could see their titties and
pubic hair. They stumbled as they walked in the fifteen-inch stiletto heels.
They kept their eyes lowered so they would not make eye contact with anyone.

	They were ashamed of being slave girls.

	They had not yet learned the joy of bringing pleasure to others.

	Let's follow what happened to blonde Nicole once she was inside.

	She was first in the line. The other two were tethered to rings on a
wall between the doors leading to a couple of the entertainment rooms. They led
Nicole inside.

	They had dressed the blonde in much the same fashion as the other slave
girls. She wore a garterbelt that was silver with white satin ruffles. Her
high-heeled sandals were silver. Whereas the other slave girls wore, beige
stockings, Nicole's where white.

	This would provide a pleasant contrast to her bottom.

	They removed the handcuffs.

	"Clasp your hands together behind your back."

	The blonde obeyed, but turned her head around to see what they did to
her. The mistress supervising her bondage grabbed the young slave girl by the
jaw to jerk her face to the right.

	"Look straight forward!"

	The captive beauty began to sniffle. Until a couple of days ago, she had
been a pampered princess. No one talked to her that way.

	The single glove was silver spandex. Once they had the straps snapped,
Nicole once again was helpless.

	Instead of a regular ballgag, Nicole and her sister slaves wore ballgag
harnesses. They failed to see any difference between once gag and another, but
then again, they were new to their collars.

	Rising from the floor in the center of the room was a post twenty
centimeters in diameter. The top was well-padded and at the same level as
Nicole's waist.. The mistress led the blonde to the post.

	"Bend over."

	She needed help getting the little slave girl into the proper position.
Other mistresses held her legs while she pulled the captive forward until her
weight rested solely on the post.

	The mistresses pulled the blonde's legs apart and secured them in that
position with chains that ran to rings in the floor. When they straightened up,
Nicole could not bring her legs together.

	The mistress in charge then pushed the blonde's upper body down.
Stepping forward, she straddled her head. Bringing her legs together, she
trapped Nicole's head between her thighs.

	As she expected the blonde responded by thrashing about. There was
nothing at this point she could do to protect herself.

	At the end of the singleglove there was a ring. They attached a chain to
it, ran it through a pulley near the ceiling, and brought it down to Nicole's
head. The mistress stepped back so they could attach it to a ring on the ballgag
harness at the top of her head. By adjusting the length of the chain, they
forced her to stare at the wall before her.

	The mistress disappeared from the blonde's sight for a few seconds. When
she returned, she squatted so the captive could see.

	"Do you see this bell?" She wiggled it a little so it rang.  "The
slightest movement at all will cause it to ring."

	She attached it to the ring on the front of the slave girl's collar. She
did not tell Nicole what she did, but the young blonde could tell.

	"We are going to play a little game. People are going to come up behind
you and give you a whack on the ass. You have to remain perfectly still. Do you
know why? Because if they whack you and this bell rings, that means they get to
use a switch on your titties. One whack here," she pinched the nipple of
Nicole's left tittie.  "One whack here." She pinched the other nipple. "I think
you will want to remain very still."

	The blonde slave girl heard them move away from her. Her first reaction
was to see if she could escape. She wiggled about a little, causing the bell to
ring. She immediately stopped struggling, not certain if that would merit
punishment or not. In those few seconds she had discovered she could move only
enough to cause the bell at her throat to ring. They had her bound too securely
to move any more than that.

	The plush pile carpeting covered the floor, hiding any sound of
footsteps. The first guest came up behind the beautiful blonde without her
knowing her was there.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	"I think I won a prize, the booby prize."

	The sounds of laughter told the naked captive that he was not alone.

	He moved to her left, a fact she learned when he grabbed her by the left
pigtail.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	It hurt, but not as much as Nicole thought it would. The blow had cut
across her dangling tittie, missing the nipple.

	He moved around to her right.

	This time her luck ran out.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	Bound as she was, Nicole could only stare straight ahead. She could not
tell that a line had already formed behind her. Everyone knew this punishment
was reserved for new little slave girls who had not accepted their new status in
life. All wanted to be part of the process of teaching them to behave.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	She sensed someone was on her left but could not see him or her. The
person did not grab a pigtail, but they effectively made their presence known.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	Nicole sobbed through the gag. She knew the person had arrived on her
right when she felt the switch striking the dangling tittie on that side.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	It was not only men who partook of the blonde's helplessness. The women
wanted to join in.

	One woman poked Nicole in the pussy with the tip of the switch.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	Instead of swatting at the tittie has it hung from the captive's chest,
she grabbed it with her left hand, bent it toward her so there was no chance her
blow would miss. Perhaps the blow lacked the force of some of the others, but it
made up for it with accuracy.

	Crack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"

	Jangle-jangle-jangle.

	When the reception was over, Nicole and her sister slaves were taken
back to the wagon. They saw the other slave girls laughing at them.

	Nicole's bottom was bright red, as was each tittie.

	The red marks were signs they were bad little slave girls. They had been
punished, but they deserved more punishment.

	"Do these girls hurt?" a guard asked, grabbing her titties to knead them
until the blonde winced in pain.

	When they were returned to the kennel, they would receive more
punishment.

	The result was what Nicole's owner wanted. The beautiful blonde left the
reception vowing to become the best little slave girl ever.

	But we are getting ahead of ourselves.

	The first to arrive from the wedding were the guests of honor.

	No, not Ronor and Shelley. I'm talking about Paulette and Janice.

	Each was thankful when the ceremony was over.

	They thought their agony was over, but Shelley had other plans.

	Each had a special role to play in the reception. Nicole and her sister
slave girls had been in private rooms, but Paulette would be out in public where
everyone could see her and take advantage of her situation. Janice would be
positioned where she could do what she could to please men.

	Whoops. Once again we are getting ahead of ourselves.

	Mistress Vanessa hustled the two down the block so they could get ready
before the bulk of the guests arrived.

	Janice was the first to be dressed. She placed a black leather blindfold
over the buxom brunette's eyes and pushed her to a corner of the room so she
would be out of the way.

	Mistress Vanessa's French Maid assistants quickly stripped Janice down
until she was bare ass naked. 

	The beautiful slave girl discovered that her clothing for the reception
was a bright red latex tube.  The slave girl sat on the floor with her legs out
as the French Maids pulled the snug garment up her legs.  The garment had no
separate part for each leg; her legs went into it together.  When they had it up
to her hips, they pulled her to her feet.  Until this point, her hands had been
handcuffed behind her back.  The French Maids paused while Mistress Vanessa
removed the cuffs. She pulled Janice's right arm down so she could put the right
hand in a tube on the inside of the outfit.

	One they had the outside up to her shoulders, they had Janice's arms
tightly pinned to her sides. There they paused for a few seconds to fit her
titties through the tittie holes

	With one slave girl working on each side, they fastened her long tresses
into pigtails high on the sides of her head.

	As they finished that, Mistress Vanessa unbuckled the strap holding the
gag in Janice's mouth. She jerked the gag from the slave girl's mouth. Janice
knew better than to make a sound, or for that matter, even to close her mouth.

	A French Maid rammed a rubber chock into Janice's mouth, wedging it
solidly between her rear teeth on the right. A second chock did the same on the
left.

	Janice could not close her mouth. Her eyes grew wide with fright at what
they had in store for her.

	As the French Maid stepped back, Mistress Vanessa slipped a hard plastic
dildo into the slave girl's mouth. It was not much of a gag, it was only three
centimeters in diameter and only five centimeters long, but it was only
temporary. It would remind the helpless captive not to make a sound.

	The French Maids quickly separated Janice's hair into a pair of pigtails
high on the sides of her head.

	Attached to the back of the latex tube was a hood made of the same
material. Mistress Vanessa pushed the brunette's head back as both French Maids
pulled the hood up. The first step was to thread a pigtail through a hole in the
hood. The mistress stepped back to let the two get in front of the captive so
they could pull it down the rest of the way.

	A little of the slave girl's body was visible at her throat, but that
was all. They covered this when they pulled the material taut. A set of straps
pulled any slack from the top, and a strap about her neck pulled the hood down
snug against the front of the tube.

	There was no way Janice could escape from this.

	Thus, Janice's whole body was covered with bright red latex except for
six holes, two for her eyes, two for the pigtails, one for her nose and one for
her mouth.

	Mistress Vanessa fished the smaller dildo from the slave girl's mouth.
She inserted into the orifice a much larger one. A handle protruded from her
mouth for ten centimeters. Inside her mouth, pieces spread out to hold the gag
in place. A person could remove it by squeezing the handle.

	Just about anyone could move it except for Janice. With her arms secured
inside the latex tube she could do nothing.

	"Bring her along."

	The French Maid's dragged the captive to an alcove immediately outside
the men's room. At Mistress Vanessa's direction they hey pushed her down to her
knees and fastened a pole between her neck and her feet.  She had to remain
kneeling.  The final thing was place a new gag in her mouth.

	This was a simple rubber stopper. The outer edge was threaded so the
mistress could wedge it in between the brunette's teeth. She tested it a couple
of times. A quick twist of the wrist to the left unscrewed the stopper, while a
quick twist of the wrist to the right wedged it tightly between her teeth.
Another twist to the left unscrewed it; another twist to the right screwed it in
tightly.

	She ran a light chain from the ring on the stopper, to a ring at
Janice's throat. Someone could remove the stopper and drop it without running
the risk of losing it.

	Janice was ready to participate in the reception.

	So what about Paulette?

	The buxom brunette stood in the corner of another room. A satin
blindfold over her eyes kept her from wondering what was going on around her.
She was content to stand there with her arms bound behind her back.

	Paulette had accepted her status as a slave girl. With boobs as big as
hers, what other role was there for her in society?

	After they had Janice bound and ready to perform, they turned their
attention to the buxom brunette.

	Once again, Mistress Vanessa stood by as her two French Maids stripped
Paulette down until she was as naked as a jaybird.

	The outfit they had for her was black leather. It was a normal looking
outfit in most ways. They put knee-high boots with eighteen-centimeter stiletto
heels. No, they didn't expect her to walk around in them; they were there for
looks.

	The black leather outfit laced up the backs of the thighs and calves so
they had the leather drawn tautly over her legs.  It laced up the sides and down
the back. Lacings held the leather tightly about her arms.

	(While working on the hood, they cuffed her hands behind her back. They
did not want to give her any more freedom than was absolutely necessary.)

	 They pulled a black leather slave hood over her head.  A leather gag
went into her mouth before they put the hood on.  Once they had it laced tight,
her head was covered except for a hole for her nose and a pair of slits for her
eyes.

	Next they fastened black leather mittens on her hands. These were bulky
disks that insured she could not use her hands or fingers.

	The mittens had several ring on them. The French Maids locked two pairs
of these rings together so they had the brunette's hands bound before her.

	"Bring her along!"

	Mistress Vanessa waved her hand as a sign the three should follow her
from that room.

	Paulette did not do too badly walking in those high-heeled boots. She
made it from the room and took a few more steps before losing her balance and
almost falling on her face. A French Maid grabbed her by each arm and pulled her
forward.

	Now, the leather outfit she wore was normal for a slave girl. Her
oversized titties exploded through two small holes at the chest. Her pubic area
was visible through a gap between her legs.

	Rising from the floor was a shaft about half a meter high with a large
dildo on the end. The two French Maids position their captive over the dildo.
While one held Paulette by the shoulders while the other squatted to adjust the
height of the dildo. Turning a handle on each side, she raised the shaft until
the tip touched Paulette's pussy lips. Before continuing she nodded at her
sister slave who pushed down on Paulette's shoulders.

	The other French Maid raised the dildo further, forcing it into the
brunette's pussy. She did not drive it far, just far enough that Paulette could
not raise herself off it. Twisting the handles, she locked the dildo in place.

	The two French Maids forced Paulette to bring her legs together. Using
small padlocks, they secured rings together so the buxom slave girl could not
alter her position on the shaft.

	While one French Maid freed the brunette's hands, another scurried
across the room to get a silver serving tray. One French Maid positioned her
hands palm up. The other locked the leather mittens to the bottom of the tray.

	For a few seconds Paulette thought she was going to serve as a place to
deposit empty glasses.

	Shelley was not that kind.

	They pulled the tray up for Paulette's huge melons rest on it. The two
quickly fastened locks to rings on the leather suit that held her arms to her
sides.

	Now she could not move her arms at all.

	The buxom brunette looked down.  It looked as though she was offering
her oversize titties on a tray

	She thought this was quite humiliating.

	She had no idea what was going on.

	Mistress Vanessa crossed the room to a control box. Flipping a lever,
she turned the device on.

	When she stood in front of Paulette, the pressure plate in the floor
activated the device.

	Centimeter by centimeter, the dildo rose inside the slave girl. It
stopped, twisted in one direction, then back in the other, before withdrawing.
It stopped short of her lips so there was no chance it would come out. As long
as Mistress Vanessa stood there, the dildo continued to rise, twist and drop.

	Paulette's titties became hard and pointed just as she wanted them.

	"You two are going to help her. Into position."

	The two French Maids were more than glad to help. That meant Paulette
would be the one being tormented and not them.

	One stood on each side of the leather-clad figure. The left wrist of the
French Maid on the right was cuffed to the right wrist of the French Maid on the
left. Mistress Vanessa locked the left ankle of the French Maid on the right to
Paulette's right ankle, and the right ankle of the French Maid on the left
locked to Paulette's left ankle.

	With all the little slave girls securely bound in place, Mistress
Vanessa retrieved the final items of Paulette's role in the reception. The
captive beauty looked down when she heard them "clank" on the silver tray.

	She screamed her protest into the gag, but the gag and the leather hood
muffled the sound so Mistress did not even hear it.

	Is there anyone who doesn't know what was expected of Janice? Or at
least, what was expected of Janice's mouth?

	She knelt with her mouth wide open.  Any man who wanted to avail himself
of this orifice could.  All he had to do was pull plug and her mouth awaited. By
pulling on to her pigtails, he could force her head forward and back.  The
brunette had not sucked cock quite a while, so this was a treat.  Sometimes the
man came, often he did not.  Janice used her tongue to try to please him. When a
man was done with her, he inserted the rubber stopper between her teeth.

	She wished she could make some sound to get men to stop so they could
avail themselves of her helpless state. Too many passed her by.

	She could make no sounds above a grunt through.

	Janice could only wait until be next man came along to use her.

	So Janice was enjoying herself. The same could not be said for Paulette.
The first person through the receiving line stopped in front of Paulette.
Standing on the pressure plate caused the dildo to rise and fall inside her.

	Paulette's nipples seemed to want to explode off her chest.

	The woman chose a clamp from the selection on the tray, slipped it over
the brown cone, and tightened it.

	Paulette tried to scream in pain but no one heard her. No one cared.

	A similar clamp went over the other nipple.

	The woman stood there a while before moving one.

	The French Maids immediately removed the clamps.

	Paulette's titties were ready for the next man or woman to come along.

	Who could resist those huge, supple mounds?

	Certainly not the bride. Eventually Shelley made her way there. She
smiled at her helpless rival.  She stuck the index finger of her right hand in
her mouth to moisten with. Slowly across Paulette's left nipple, leaving a shiny
trail of saliva.  That chest ornament became hard and pointed.

	Shelley smiled.

	"Are you enjoying yourself, Paulette?"

	The buxom brunette could only stand there helplessly.  She waited for
her mistress to attach a clamp and make extra tight but Shelley had other things
on her mind.

	Shelley's lawyers came to the reception, slowly circling the room,
vulture circling some carrion in the desert. As soon as the two love birds
returned from their honeymoon, they would begin divorce proceedings. The only
question was whether the grounds for divorce would be "irreconcilable
differences" or mental cruelty."

	Dewey, of Dewy, Screwum and Howe, nudged Howe, of the same law firm, and
nodded in Ronor's direction. The bridegroom laughed as he talked to his friends.

	"He doesn't stand a chance. Nothing can go wrong with Shelley's plan."

	He obviously hasn't been paying attention to the storyline.




	Clarissa attended the wedding, but had to leave early. She had plans of
her own.

	She found Robyn waiting for her at one of those little cafes where the
food was bad, the service was terrible and the prices outrageous. Fortunately,
the Amazon knew the maitre d' or she would never have gotten a reservation. They
had a small table by the window so she could watch for the signal that her
friends were ready.

	They discussed the weather and the terrible service.

	"Stupid little bitch," Clarissa mumbled under her breath every time
Robyn said something. The beautiful woman had no idea what was going on.

	"Why don't we go back to my place? I have a could friends coming over I
would like you to meet."

	The waitress had been there twice before so she thought nothing of it.
Clarissa had this all planned out.

	The Amazon had to use her key to let them in the front door. There was
no guard on the building, but there was no need for one in this neighborhood. As
she looked for her key, Clarissa noticed a man across the street. There was
nothing special about him. He simply leaned up against a wall reading a
newspaper. Clarissa had never seen him before, and would not recognize him if
she saw him again. She wondered why he wasted his time just standing around.

	"I'm sure they will be along soon," she said as she opened the door for
Robyn.

	"We're here!" came the call from the balcony.

	"Oh, they beat us here," she said with a giggle.

	"Come on, come on. Tell us about the wedding."

	The two women came in through the door from the balcony. Each held a
glass with some white wine.

	"Is there any more of that?"

	"Sure. You have several bottles."

	"Great."

	The four sat in the parlor sipping the wine as Clarissa related details
of the wedding.

	"She actually invited her lawyers?"

	"Yeah, they were seated on the bride's side in back."

	"I knew a couple of lawyers. They were sitting on a bench when I led a
sexy slave girl past them. I heard one say, 'Boy, would I like to screw her.'
The other replies, 'Out of what?'"

	They all erupted in boisterous laughter.

	"Do you know what's brown and black and looks good on a lawyer?"

	"A Doberman!!"

	More laughter.

	Robyn felt at ease with these three, not realizing they were Amazons.

	"Whoops!  Need more wine."

	The beautiful woman glanced over as the woman walked past her but
immediately turned her attention to the other two. She did not see the woman
grab a ballgag harness instead of another bottle of wine.

	The three women were experienced so Robyn had no chance at all. The
Amazon with the ballgag grabbed the woman by the hair to pull her head back.
Robyn opened her mouth to protest that made it easy for her to pop the rubber
ball between her teeth.

	Clarissa had the leather cuffs ready as soon as the ballgag was in the
woman' mouth. Robyn tried to raise her hands to her face to remove the ballgag,
but before she could, they grabbed her arms. One arm was sufficient to hold her
an arm immobile while the other went to work with the leather cuffs.

	The device consisted of a pair of leather cuffs, connected to a larger
circle of leather. The Amazons slid a cuff over each hand. Jerking on the
working end, the circle of leather grew snug about the wrist. The larger loop
went about both wrists, holding them together. It took only second for them to
make Robyn a helpless captive. She wiggled about angrily, trying to push the
rubber ball from her mouth with her tongue.

	They pulled their captive forward across a coffee table. The attack on
the young woman had begun only ten seconds before, and already they had her
silenced and bound.

	Stretched out over the table, she could not resist as they pulled the
straps behind her head to buckle the ends together. The ballgag was now firmly
locked into her mouth.

	They fastened the remainder of the straps, the chinstrap, and the head
strap. This ballgag harness had leather pads to serve as a blindfold. Once they
had this strap fastened, the captive could not see.

	Clarissa held the young captive's arms out before her. Robyn tried to
pull back but could not.

	At the signal that they were finished with the ballgag harness, they
pulled her hands back to her head where they locked the leather cuffs to a ring
on top her head.

	Before letting go of her upper body, they seized her feet to pull her
legs apart. This would insure that she did not move too much.

	They allowed their captive to thrash around as much as she wanted.
Nothing she did would gain her any freedom. Her fate was sealed. The only
question remaining was just how much pain she would take before she accepted it.

	When she stopped struggling, they let go of her feet, but Clarissa had
both hands on Robyn's head to keep her from falling off the coffee table. It
would hurt if she fell on the floor. Any pain she suffered, they wanted to be at
their hands.

	The Amazons dragged a four-legged stool a meter tall over near the
coffee table. Braces between the legs made the stool steady.

	"Up we go."

	They dragged their captive to her feet and lifted her in the air so she
knelt on the stool. A set of manacles between her ankles made it impossible for
her to get off the stood without falling.

	"It's a meter to the floor, Robyn, so you had better think twice about
thrashing around too much."

	While Clarissa warned the beautiful captive of the dangers of moving,
another Amazon retrieved a disrobing knife from her purse.

	"You don't remember me, do you? You are probably the worst cashier in
the world. You are more interested in flirting with him than waiting on
customers. Well, we are going to make you very, very attractive to him.

	"Let's begin by seeing what kind of goodies you are hiding under that
dress."

	The preferred instrument of exploration was a disrobing knife. Beginning
at the neck, Clarissa dragged the cutting edge down the front of the garment,
slicing it down to the woman's knees. It took a couple more sweeps of the knife,
one down each short sleeve, to the cuff, to cause the dress to fall to the young
woman's hips. The Amazon continued to slash away until the tattered garment
covered no part of the captive's body.

	Robyn knelt there wearing only her white cotton bra and panties.

	"I don't know. I thought she would be wearing something, something,
well, something more exciting."

	Robyn squirmed about a little. She did not dare struggle too much for
fear she would fall off the stool. She was not certain whether Clarissa and her
friends would catch her, or would just laugh as she landed on the floor.

	"Well, let's see."

	One swipe of the disrobing knife severed the short strap connecting the
twin cups. Pushed by the weight of the captive's boobs, the cups fell outwards.

	Clarissa pulled each cup away to reveal Robyn's titties.

	"Not bad."

	The others nodded in agreement.

	The Amazon finished the task by cutting each shoulder strap. The
tattered bra dropped down to Robyn's hips, hung there for a couple of seconds,
slid over her bottom to strike the floor, then slowly fall over the side.

	"And what about the charms down her."

	Using one finger, she pulled the brunette's panties down in front until
she could see the curly mass of her pubic hair. Robyn grunted her disapproval as
she shook her head.

	Clarissa grabbed Robyn's by the chin.

	"You don't seem to understand, Robyn. The customer is always right and,
well, you are always wrong."

	The other two Amazons thought that statement funny and began to laugh.
Clarissa ignored them as she turned her attention back to the panties. Hooking
the point of the disrobing knife in the waistband in front, she sliced it down
the front until she could see all of Robyn's pubic hair.

	"You know, if you went around dressed like that, no one would care what
kind of service you delivered."

	"I think they would be looking for some other service," an Amazon chimed
in. That prompted all three to start laughing.

	The young brunette had her legs pressed together as tightly as she
could, but that did not stop Clarissa from inserting her index finger between
them to probe the captive's pussy with her index finger.

	"May she does use this for customer service. Maybe that is why she
hasn't been fired."

	As she withdrew her finger, she put the tip of the knife in the
waistband on Robyn's left hip. Drawing the blade down, she cut the garment to
the leg hole.

	Stepping around the captive, she repeated the process on the other side.

	The garment dropped down between the brunette's knees.

	"Where's the, uh, thing?"

	"It's still downstairs. It will take a few minutes to get it up here."

	Clarissa pouted as she contemplated her options. She had not worked out
the minor details. She knew on the end result.

	"Give me a second."

	The Amazon retreated to the bedroom to get a pair of high-heeled sandals
for the captive to wear. She handed one to each before picking up a pair of
nipple clamps.

	"Have you ever worn nipple clamps before, Robyn? I hear some slave girls
find them very erotic."

	As the Amazon said that, she rubbed her left hand over one breast then
the other. The nipples became hard and pointed, perfect for nipple clamps.

	Poor Robyn. She worried so about the Amazon putting nipple clamps on her
titties that she ignored the other two. They pulled her shoes off, replacing
them with the high-heeled sandals all slave girls wore. She did not even try to
resist. Her concern was cold metal on her left tit as Clarissa touched the metal
nipple clamp to that sensitive part of her body.

	Clarissa motioned for them to get Robyn down from the stool. They had to
lift her up and then set her down. As the captive straightened up, the cut dress
fell the remainder of the way down.

	She was now naked.

	While they did that, Clarissa opened the door to the balcony. She
attached a chain to a ring on the wall next to the door.

	"I'll take over from here."

	Lifting Robyn over one shoulder was no great feat. She carried her
outside where she set her down next to the chain.

	Robyn did not wear a collar (yet), but that was no obstacle. The Amazon
simply looped the chain about her captive's neck. A simple padlock locked it in
place.

	She pulled the pins from Robyn's hair so her long tresses fell down to
her waist. Anyone seeing her from a distance would think she was just about
slave girl. No one would notice she did not wear a collar.

	No one would really care.

	"Now, don't run off. You are out for the balcony so you could try to get
someone's attention so they would help you. But then, maybe they would only want
to stare at that naked body of yours."

	What a dilemma for Robyn! If she wanted to get free, she would need
help, but she certainly did not want anyone to see her naked.

	She heard the door close so she knew she was alone. The door was glass
so they could see whatever she did. Maybe she could attract someone's attention
before they came out for her.

	To do that though, she would have to turn toward the street, exposing
her titties and pubic region to the world. If she turned away, they would see
her bare bottom.

	Robyn had no options that would help her get free. She was naked and
bound. Who wouldn't want to take advantage of her.? While she is pondering the
decision about drawing attention to herself, let's see what the three Amazons
were up to.

	The "thing" that Clarissa had alluded to earlier was a wooden device
that obviously was a punishment device. One end rose a meter above the floor.
This ends was rounded with the sides about half a meter apart. The other end was
half a meter from the floor. A padded "V" was a clear sign that the captive's
head went there. We don't have to guess the function of the various straps
riveted to the sides.

	The two had brought it with them, but had left it downstairs. They moved
it disassembled; it would simply take some time to put the supports on the
bottom so the ends were the correct height above the floor. The correct height
being the proper position for an Amazon to swing a paddle at a bare ass.

	The three brought pieces up to the apartment and put the parts together.
In half an hour they had it complete. An assortment of bolts and wing nuts
insured it was sturdy. Where they positioned Robyn's ass, it would remain.

	"Time for our guest of honor," Clarissa announced with a giggle.

	Clarissa selected a ballgag before moving to the balcony.

	"I'm going to remove that gag and put another one in. You can scream all
you want to, but that means everyone will be looking in your direction." She
stroked the young woman's right nipple with the back of her fingers. "Everyone
will look and see your naked body."

	Sure, it was a risk, but Clarissa no self-respecting woman in town would
want people to see her naked. The alternative was worse, but she did not give
her captive time to think about it.

	She removed the harness from about Robyn's head, leaving the ballgag in
her mouth until the last second. Once she had it out, the beautiful brunette did
not scream for help, but neither did she open her mouth to accept the ballgag.

	No problem.

	The Amazon grabbed her hair to pull her head back. Automatically Robyn's
mouth opened a little, and she opened it the rest of the way to protest.
Clarissa rammed the rubber ball into the woman's mouth. Quickly she turned her
about so she could fasten the ends of the strap together behind her head.

	Carefully she adjusted the woman's hair so it covered the strap.

	"See, that wasn't so bad, was it, Robyn?"

	She giggled at the fearful look in the captive's eyes.

	"Come along before someone sees you out here."

	Reminding the captive that she was in public with no clothes on, insured
Robyn did not resist when she wanted her to go inside. Clarissa kept a firm grip
on the chain leash to keep the young woman under control.

	Robyn stopped when she saw the device that had not been there before.
One the Amazon patted the rounded end.

	"Your pussy goes right here."

	Robyn decided it was time to resist, but there was nothing she could do.
They dragged her to the end of the device where they lifted her in the air, one
woman holding an arm and a leg. When they set her down, she straddled the
crowned end. Sure, she tried to get off, but they pulled her feet up so they
could buckle straps across her ankles. Her legs were bent so her knees were near
the top. The young captive raised her body in the air so her crotch no longer
touched the top of the device, but she could not free herself.

	"This, as you may have guessed, Robyn, is called a 'Spanking Bench.'"

	Clarissa rubbed her hand across the woman's bare bottom.

	"You are the spankee, and we are the spankers. When we are done, I am
certain you will see the error of your ways and will try harder at being a good
little cashier, or maybe we'll give you a promotion and make you a waitress.
Would you like that? Would you like to serve us as a waitress, dressed,
more-or-less, the way you are now?"

	Robyn grunted through the gag as she shook her head.

	"Too bad you have no say in the matter."

	They pulled her forward so her chin rested in the "V." A strap across
her upper back held her in this position. With her head resting in the "V," she
could not turn her head to either side. All she could do was stare straight
ahead.

	"Usually we strap the spankee's arms to the device, but this time I
think we will let you go as your are."

	Clarissa moved back to Robyn's bottom, raised high in the air and spread
so all was available.

	"I think we will begin with a simple hand spanking. One hundred." Robyn
grunted her disapproval. "That is, one hundred on each cheek.'

	Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap.

	There were more painful ways of punishing a captive but Clarissa wanted
to begin this way. She wanted Robyn to feel another woman's hand on her bottom.
After ten, she switched to the other cheek.

	Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap.

	When she finished with these ten, she stepped aside and one of the
others took over.

	Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap.

	Sure, she had plans, but Robyn was so deserving of this punishment. She
did not want to rush things.

	Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap.

	She stepped aside and the third Amazon took over.

	So this is how the next few minutes continued, the Amazons rotating
through the spanking position until Robyn had 100 swats on each bottomcheek.

	Okay, it was embarrassing having a woman's hand on her behind, but it
really did not hurt that much.

	"Now we are going to use this little leather paddle." She held it in
front of the captive so she could see it. "It's called a stinger, for reasons
you will shortly discover. We'll make it 100 swats on each cheek again." She
smiled at her friends as she added, "Apiece."

	Clarissa stood beside Robyn's fanny with her left hand on the naked
woman's lower back. She did that to position herself correctly.

	Whop! Whop!

	This time it was one blow to the right cheek, followed by one blow to
the left. She paused between each pair of swats to pace herself. She had broken
many slave girls in this manner. Though she did not get the thrill from beating
a woman's fanny that Cathy did, she was no novice. Part of the thrill of turning
a free woman into a slave girl was watching her resistance crumble.

	Whop1 Whop!

	The pain was far worse than a hand spanking.

	Whop! Whop!

	Robyn did not want to give the woman the satisfaction of hearing her
screaming through the gag.

	Whop! Whop!

	Still, there was only so much discomfort a naked woman could take.

	Whop! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!! "Whop! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	

	Whop! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Whop! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Robyn tried to wiggle her ass about so Clarissa could not hit it, but
they had be strapped to the spanking device in such a way that she could not
alter her position more than a centimeter or so. This was not enough to affect
the blows on her bottom.

	Whop! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!" Whop! "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	After delivering fifty swats in a little more than two minutes, Clarissa
passed the paddle to the next Amazon.

	They were in no hurry. They wanted to break Robyn's spirit as well as
her body.

	After the 300 swats to her bottom cheeks, Clarissa brought out another,
larger paddle.

	"You will notice this one is longer so it will catch both cheeks. You
only get 100 swats from each of us with this."

	The Amazons had no need to conserve their strength now.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	Clarissa took her time between each blow to allow Robyn to react.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	She wanted the naked captive to accept just how helpless she was.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	And when she started to get tired-

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	- she passed the leather paddle to one of her friends-

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"

	- who continued the punishment.

	Long before Robyn had received the 300 swats, she was willing to do
anything to avoid further punishment. Had they asked her, she would willingly
have accepted a slave collar.

	But Clarissa was not finished playing with her.

	She stroked the young woman's head as she spoke in a patronizing tone.

	"We are going to unbind you. We are not letting you go, at least not
yet. We want you to show us you've learned your lesson. If you are good, then we
will let you go."

	Okay, she was lying to her captive, but then again, when did an Amazon
ever tell a future slave girl the truth?

	They had to support Robyn when they removed the straps. She made no
effort to resist as they dressed her in a black satin garterbelt, used to hold
up the sheer black stockings. The high-heeled sandals were black patent leather.
On her arms they placed shoulder length, black satin gloves.

	The garterbelt and stockings immediately drew attention to her pubic
hair.

	She looked every bit the slave girl she was destined to become.

	But not yet.

	Clarissa had not finished playing with her.

	"Stand there. Shoulder back. Chest out."

	"There's something wrong."

	"What?"

	"This."  The Amazon patted Robyn's pubic hair. "This is fine for
dessert, but not tea."

	"What we need is something to cover it up."

	That "something" turned out to be a white nylon apron. When tied about
her hips, the hem of the apron barely covered her pussy. Not that it did any
good, though. The sheer material of the apron allowed everyone to see the mass
of dark curls between her legs.

	The more "clothing" they put on their captive, the more naked she
seemed.

	The first step in Robyn's training was to teach her the proper way to
curtsey. They were training her to act like a slave girl, but she was unaware of
that. Her only thought was to avoid further punishment.

	"We are going to form a triangle. You will curtsey to one of us. Then
turn to your right and assume the position. Do you know what 'Assume the
position' means?"

	Of course Robyn did. She had been around slave girls. She was not dumb
enough to answer the question.

	Clarissa grabbed the young woman by the shoulders, turned her to her
right, and then pushed down.

	"Ass out, head back. Stare straight ahead. You will maintain this
position until we tell you to proceed. Understand?"

	The beautiful captive nodded.

	"If we don't like the job you did, we will spank you. It might be a
leather paddle; it might be a wooden one. It might be one swat; it might be a
thousand and one. Understand?"

	Again, the captive nodded.

	"Now, face me and curtsey."

	Robyn turned toward Clarissa. Her curtsey was so clumsy she almost fell
over. She turned to her right to assume the position.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt"

	"That was about the most pathetic curtsey I've ever seen."

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt"

	"Any slave girl could do better, and they are as dumb as they come.
Proceed."

	Robyn moved forward to the next Amazon.

	She thought she had done it right this time.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt"

	Of course she was wrong.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt"

	We all know that nothing she did would keep her from being punished.

	Whack!

	"Mmmmmfffffttttt"

	"Proceed."

	Robyn had to make ten circuits of the group before her performance was
deemed satisfactory. The continual pounding of her ass so numbed the lower half
of her body that she had trouble curtseying without falling over.

	She had learned her lesson though.

	"Now, we are going to see how well you can serve."

	They handcuffed her hands before her so she could hold a silver tray.
They gave her instructions and proceeded to ignore her. She could resist. She
could try to runaway. Nothing would help her though. This was a test to see how
submissive she had become in just a few minutes.

	She made the pot of tea and placed it and three cups on the tray. She
returned to Clarissa. Doing a dainty curtsey, she offered the Amazon the
contents of the tray.

	She poured herself a cup, then nodded. Robyn executed another curtsey
before moving on to the next woman. When she had served all three, she knelt in
the center of the three to await further instructions.

	"Put the tray on the counter and then return to us."

	Clarissa turned the captive around by grabbing her by the upper arms.
She pulled the young brunette's left arm behind her back so she could fasten a
handcuff to that wrist. Robyn put her right arm behind her back without being
told. In second she was as helpless as she had ever been.

	Clarissa removed the apron.

	"Come over here."

	She led Robyn to the wall next to the door. The other Amazons followed
to insure Robyn obeyed.

	"Face the wall so the tips of your shoes touch it. Now lean forward."

	With her left hand she held a copper pfenning against the wall and
adjusted it as she had to. Her right pushed the captive's face forward so her
nose pinned the small coin against the wall.

	"We have a little party to attend outside town. While we are gone, we
want you to stay in that position. If you don't have that coin pinned against
the wall when we come back, you will be punished."

	Before leaving the Amazons made certain there was no way the young woman
could escape from the room, or do anything to attract attention to her.

	When they got to the street, one Amazon asked Clarissa, "Who long do you
think she will stay like that?"

	"Oh, she's probably already trying to get the balcony door open. She's
not very good at following instructions."

	The Amazons laughed as they started down the street.



Slave Girls in Bondage  
Chapter 72  
 Another dastardly plot! More innocent women bound and turned into slave
  girls.  
 While the travesty never end?  
 I hope not.  
 Her name was Shirley Simpson and she was a minor functionary in some part
  of some big company. Her office, for some strange reason, had an incredible
  turn over in clerks. It seemed they were hired, and within a couple weeks,
  they would disappear. Nobody really cared except for the personnel office that
  was tired of filling out all the paperwork for the new employees Shirley had
  to hire.  
 "I think had better be the last time. People are getting suspicious," she
  told the Amazons. It was bad enough that personnel complained about the turnover,
  but someone had noticed that she hired only the young, beautiful nubile ones
  as clerks.  
 "We agree. That last batch, well, they got rather loud. We don't want anything
  to draw attention to us. We will give you a bonus for the items you have delivered."  
 Anyone paying attention to the story will know what that "bonus" will be.
  Shirley's boobs are certainly among the leaders in size. Maybe the saying is
  correct: The bigger the boobs, the smaller the brain.  
 She had used the ploy several times before. Sometimes business required
  them to go outside the city's walls (where a woman had no legal protection
  against slavers). Company policy required any woman employee to go in the presence
  of a man who, ostensibly, would protect her. Shirley and her clerks traveled
  with a group, but somehow always managed to get separated.  
 "Don't worry, if we stay together we'll be perfectly safe."  
 Her two clerks this time were sisters, Caryn and Cara Carruthers. Caryn,
  the older, had dark hair, while Cara was a blonde. They were young but old
  enough to know better.  
 Somehow they became separated from the group. As luck would have it, they
  stumbled into a group of thieves who intended to rob them.  
 "Give us your purses."  
 The women were not dressed in black leather so it was not obvious that they
  were Amazons, and at the same time what their true objective was. Robbery was
  bad enough.  
 "Turn around. Hand behind your backs. We don't want you to start spreading
  the alarm until we are far away."  
 "Please, don't hurt us. We'll do what you say," Shirley pleaded with them.
  She turned her back toward the woman who held the rope. "We will do what you
  say, just don't hurt us."  
 "You! Turn around."  
 Cara looked over at Shirley, who by this time had her wrists tightly bound
  behind her back.  
 "Please! Do what they say! Don't make them mad!"  
 Shirley looked down as they looped a rope about her ankles. They had not
  done this to her before. The ploy was simple. She allowed them to tie her up,
  and those with her followed suit. Once they had them helplessly bound and gagged,
  they let her go.  
 "Tie their ankles together so they can't run for help when we leave."  
 An interesting change, but completely plausible.  
 By the time they finished tying Shirley's ankles together, they had Cara's
  hands bound behind her back and were working on Caryn's. The blonde turned
  her head to watch as they bound her sister as they had her.  
 A hand grabbed Shirley's hair to pull it back.  
 "Hey!"  
 That was all the opening they needed. The bright red rubber ball popped
  into her mouth.  
 "Mmmmmmffffftttt!!"  
 Hands pushed her forward and toward the ground. One woman knelt on her back,
  pinning her body to the ground while she buckled the ends of the strap together
  behind her head. The other bent the captive's feet back toward her head. A
  rope between her feet and her wrists kept her hogtied.  
 "Open up!"  
 Cara thought Shirley had willingly allowed herself to be gagged so she did
  the same. They buckled the ends of the strap behind her head.  
 When finished, they left her standing there while they turned their attention
  to Caryn.  
 Shirley thrashed about on the ground, realizing they had double-crossed
  her.  
 Oh! The perfidy of it!  
 The woman paused before putting the ballgag in the brunette's mouth. She
  glanced at Shirley struggling with her bondage, then at the third captive.  
 "She is enjoying herself far too much. This isn't the first time she's been
  bound and gagged."  
 Caryn suppressed a chuckle as the woman pushed the rubber ball into her
  mouth. The woman grabbed her by the shoulders to spin her around so she could
  get at the back of her neck. In seconds, they had Caryn securely bound and
  gagged as the other two.  
 "Down on your knees."  
 The beautiful brunette was afraid she might fall over, particularly with
  her ankles tied together, but one woman held each arm.  
 "We'll help you. We don't want you to hurt yourself."  
 If it wasn't for the fact that she was bound and gagged by these women,
  she might have felt better. After all, they were looking out for her best interests,
  or so it seemed.  
 Actually, they didn't want to hurt the merchandise, which was Caryn.  
 Once on the ground they had her hogtied in seconds. She could wiggle about
  a little, but escape was impossible.  
 "Count to 100 real slow before you start struggling. That will give us time
  to get away. By the time you get free, we will be in town. We will have spent
  half your money."  
 The Amazons laughed as they moved back behind the three. One had already
  spread out a black leather slave sack. Two picked up Shirley, placing her in
  the center of the bondage item despite her best efforts to escape. They pulled
  the sections up, zipped them together and applied locks.  
 Cara had reached "88" in her counting when they pulled her to her feet.
  It took her a while to realize what they did to her. Only when they were putting
  the padlocks on did she realize she was in a slave sack.  
 As has been shown before, the beauty of a slave sack was that it added an
  additional, inescapable layer of bondage to the captive. Even if her hands
  were unbound, she could not resist.  
 At the same time, the layer of leather made it easier for them to move the
  captive about. Encased in leather, she was nothing but a bundle of bound pleasure.  
 Caryn knew there was something wrong, as soon as they picked up Cara. She
  had time to jerk on the rope holding her feet toward her head only a couple
  times before two women picked her up.  
 Shirley continued to struggle, but it did no good. Even if her hands were
  unbound, she would not have been able to escape from the slave sack.  
 Bound in a hogtie, she was in a natural position to kneel with her hands
  bound behind her. Her feet were bound near her hands, and she could not straighten
  up.  
 Over her head, they pulled a leather slave hood. This had only three holes,
  two for the eyes and one for the nose. They did not care if she saw what happened
  to her. The purpose of the slave hood was to hide her features so no one would
  recognize her.  
 Put a woman in a slave collar, let her hair hang down loose, and remove
  her clothes, and no one would recognize her. There was certain anonymity about
  being a slave girl. (If a woman wanted to disappear, all she had to do was
  dress as a slave girl. What she needed, though was someone she could trust
  to let her go. That story is transpiring this very day many leagues away.)  
 One Amazon held the leather slave hood against Shirley's face, moving it
  about until the captive's nose stuck through the correct hole. She then altered
  her grip so one hand was on each side of her head, holding the leather bondage
  device in place as she pressed tightly. Another Amazon pulled the flaps together
  in back. This was no a true discipline helmet, it was merely a device to make
  a woman anonymous for a while. As a result, there were only two straps to buckle
  together, one at the neck, and another at the back of the head.  
 People had seen Shirley, Caryn and Cara come out here, people who knew them.
  They just might recognize them. It was best to be safe.  
 So we have three squirming, struggling leather sacks placed by the roadside.
  Every time someone they knew walked by, they tried to scream for help. Everyone
  ignored them all. Those were slave sacks. All they held were slave girls.  
 Our captives do not yet wear slave collars, but already they are learning
  an important lesson. When bound as a slave girl, a woman cannot escape.  
 Coming down the road eventually was a wagon driven by Debbie. Beside her
  on the seat was Roxanne.  
 (Yes, that plot comes to a climax today.)  
 After depositing the three bundles by the road, the Amazons had moved into
  the shade to rest. They came down to the road when they saw Debbie approaching.
  They had been watching the three squirming slave sacks at a distance. You had
  to keep an eye on valuable merchandise to keep it from being stolen.  
 "I hope you don't mind taking some packages with you."  
 Both women had to turn to watch as the Amazons lifted the first leather
  sack into the back of the wagon. They could hear muffled moans as the sides
  of the leather sack moved in and out.  
 "Someone is not happy," Debbie remarked with a smile to make small talk.  
 "They don't know just how good they have it."  
 They all laughed as the second and third bundles were placed in back.  
 It was easy to move a slave sack as it had a pair of leather handles near
  the top. There were additional rings about the leather device. The Amazons
  threaded a chain through the rings before locking it to a ring on the bed of
  the wagon. They did not want their valuable merchandise to squirm about too
  much so they might fall off the back.  
 "Could we get in trouble for this?" Roxanne asked.  
 "Nope. We are outside the city's walls. There are no laws protecting women.
  If they are dumb enough to allow themselves to be collared, they deserve it,"  
 Debbie noticed immediately that something was wrong. There were guards about
  the Amazons' compound, and they were not Amazons.  
 "Who are those guards?" she asked in a whisper. She had told Roxanne the
  plan of turning the cosmetology college into a recruiting station for slave
  girls was flawless. She did not want her to think that something could go wrong.  
 "We've had so many of us disappear that we decided to take precautions."  
 Four Amazons appeared from the tent leading half a dozen slave girls.  
 "Which one is Shirley?"  
 An Amazon climbed on the back of the wagon to examine the slave sacks.  
 "Why?" Debbie asked.  
 "We have a special treat for her. She has lured seven women out here to
  become slave girls. We thought the best thing we could do was give her a special
  treatment."  
 "This is her. Brown eyes. The other two have blue eyes."  
 Amazons ran chains from belts about the waists of two slave girls to rings
  on the slave sack. Once they had it on the ground, the two little slave girls
  dragged it toward the tent.  
 The other two were dragged to a set of poles partway down over a hill.  
 "Debbie, can I see you inside? We need to go over some details."  
 "Roxy, do you want to watch?" As she asked that the Amazon pointed toward
  the two slave sacks moving away from them.  
 "Is this when Debbie gets it?" she asked in a whisper.  
 The woman replied with a nod.  
 The four little slave girls knelt in a line, awaiting the order to proceed.
  An Amazon unlocked the padlocks so they could remove the two beauties from
  the sack.  
 "Is this where you enslave them?"  
 "Oh, no. That occurs over there. We will do that after we have some fun
  with Debbie. Right now we are going to tenderize these two to make them more
  compliant."  
 Once she was free of the leather slave sack, Caryn had thought she could
  escape. She had forgotten that they had her arms and legs bound. She could
  only kneel there until two slave girls pulled her forward so she lay on her
  stomach. An Amazon cut the rope holding her legs back in the hogtie position,
  and then cut the rope about her ankles. The beautiful brunette had no chance
  to escape as two slave girls grabbed each leg to pull her toward the vertical
  poles.  
 The poles were a meter and a half apart so the slave girls had to pull outwards
  to get Caryn's feet to the bottom of the poles. The device consisted of a pair
  of poles, one mounted in the ground, the other secured to it by a pin so it
  could rotate,  
 Two slave girls pulled down the top of the two poles, moving them in the
  direction where the young woman lay. As it moved, the brunette's feet rose
  in the air, and her body slid closer to the pole mounted in the ground.  
 They held the poles in place with one foot. This freed both hands so they
  could pull Caryn's arms to leather cuffs dangling from the end. Once they had
  them secured about her wrists, they rotated the poles back into their original
  position.  
 Caryn stood spreadeagle between them.  
 Cara was next. She wanted to struggle too, but there was nothing she could
  do.  
 "Do you want to do the honors?"  
 An Amazon handed the tall blonde a disrobing knife.  
 It took only seconds for Roxanne to render both captives stark naked.  
 Their struggling became more animated, but no more successful than before.  
 Roxanne cupped Cara's titties with both hands.  
 "These are nice and yummy."  
 Cara's tits were roughly the same size as Roxanne's but did not appear so
  since she was several centimeters shorter. None of the Amazons said anything.
  They did not want to show any interest in the tall blonde. They still had a
  use for her as a free woman. They did not want her to realize they also had
  an interest in her as a future slave girl.  
 Roxanne stepped back when she had finished the job. Both women stood spreadeagled
  naked, bound and completely helpless.  
 "Now we tenderize them."  
 The tall blonde wanted to ask but did not. The plot against the two became
  evident as the Amazons fastened over the eyes of each a leather blindfold.
  The next step was to rotate their bodies so they hung upside down in their
  bondage.  
 "Every half hour we spin them around. It keeps them disoriented. In eight
  or ten hours they will be willing to do anything we want."  
 "Are you really&mdash;"  
 "Let's go check on Shirley," the Amazon interrupted.  
 Once they were out of earshot, an Amazon whispered to Roxanne, "We spin
  them every ten minutes. They will think it has been hours. When we get around
  to collaring them, they will be so disoriented they won't be able to resist."  
 They continued walking toward the pavilion.  
 Cathy moved over to join them.  
 "I once had a captive. I did this to her for about eight hours. The little
  bitch became so submissive she begged for a collar as soon as we let her down." The
  tall brunette pouted. "You want to talk about boring. I had to beat her bottom
  for a few hours out of frustration."  
 What about poor Shirley?  
 The buxom brunette had learned that when they wanted to dress a woman, resistance
  was impossible. They cut her clothes off and dress her as they would any other
  slave girl.  
 The motif was pink with white trim. The garter belt was pink satin, lined
  in front with white lace ruffles. The stockings were sheer white, not opaque,
  but colored to match the rest of the colors. The high-heeled sandals were pink
  patent leather with a white satin bow on top at her toes.  
 They allowed her to wear panties, pink satin with white ruffles again.  
 Her massive titties were encased in a pink satin bra. The padding lifted
  her titties as it pressed them together. The white trim in this case was her
  boobs, seeming to want to explode from the bra.  
 Shirley stood on the other side of the pavilion with a spreader bar between
  her ankles and another between her wrists. An eyebolt in the center of the
  lower spreader bar connected to a ring in the ground made it impossible for
  her to move her feet much. Oh, she could squirm around some, and may get up
  on one tiptoe, but that was about it.  
 The upper spreader bar held her arms a meter and a half apart. Two eyebolts
  with chains forced her arms over her head. She could wiggle back and forth
  a few centimeters, but that was about it.  
 "Has anyone told you what special treat we have in store for you, Shirley?
  No? In a little while, we are going to go down to Cara and Caryn to use our
  persuasive ways on their bottoms. I'm sure it won't take much to have them
  begging for slave collars. And then to reward them for being good little slave
  girls, we are going to bring them over here, give them paddles, and let them
  go to work on your ass."  
 Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 The buxom brunette struggled violently but could not gain any freedom at
  all. Shirley's reaction evoked laughter.  
 The only remaining thing to do to Shirley was to place the matching, pink
  satin blindfold over her eyes.  
 "While you are standing there, we want you to build up all the resistance
  you can. After all, we don't want you giving in too quickly."  
 The buxom captive struggled in a vain attempt to knock the blindfold off
  by shaking her head. She was the latest in a long line of slave girls (or future
  slave girls) who had tried this without success.  
 "Let's go see how Debbie is getting alone."  
 Ah, yes, Debbie! Does anyone think she is willing to become a slave girl?
  She does not yet wear a collar, but can one be far off?  
 She resisted as they expected. And as you expect, they had little trouble
  getting her bound and naked. They hung her upside down while they cut away
  her clothing. In this position she could not resist as they put the high-heeled
  sandals on. She did not resist when they put the panty briefs on her. Oh, it
  was comical to watch, freeing one leg to get one foot through a leghole, then
  rebinding it so they could free the other leg.  
 When they let her down they pulled her upright and pulled the panties tight.  
 The panties were bright red nylon, the same shade as a well-beaten slave
  girl's ass. Had Debbie realized the significance of that color, she would have
  worried about it instead of worrying about her bare titties.  
 They had her arms securely bound behind her back. They did not want her
  to thrash about and hurt herself. They were already bound with cords at the
  wrist. They pulled her bound arms up to waist-level where they passed another
  cord about her waist several time. With her hands immobile they turned their
  attention to her arms. Tying one end of a cord to her left upper arm, they
  passed it across her chest so they could loop it about her right upper arm.
  After a couple more passes, they pulled all slack from the loops. The cord
  pulled her upper arms forward and pressed them against the sides of her body.  
 She could wiggle her fingers about and that was all.  
 Debbie struggled with her bondage, but could not get free. The Amazons tied
  her so securely that could only thrash around on the ground. To keep her from
  hurting herself, they bound her ankles together, then bent her feet back toward
  her bottom to tie her feet to her hands, putting her into an effective hogtie.  
 She continued to roll about on the ground, but three Amazons watched to
  insure she did nothing that would allow her to escape.  
 She had rolled on to her side when Roxanne first saw.  
 "The first step is to make her docile so we may continue with her submission
  without resistance."  
 "How do you to that? I know Debbie. She will not submit without resistance."  
 Debbie wondered how they intended to force her to submit. She stopped struggling
  for a view seconds to listen as they discussed her fate.  
 "It really is not that difficult. Debbie's dominant manner is simply an
  act. With just a little persuasion, we can show heard the error of her ways."  
 Debbie wondered what that "persuasion" would be, but it became evident that
  it would not be explained. Instead it would be demonstrated. Two Amazons pulled
  her up so she knelt. The hogtie position had not changed only she now knelt
  with her bound feet near her waist.  
 Cathy approached the kneeling captive with a red satin slave hood.  
 Debbie did try to resist, but of course she could not. The Amazon had little
  trouble pulling the satin bag down over her head. Pulling the drawstring together
  under her chin, she secured it with simple bow.  
 As with all the slave hoods they used, this satin one was double line so
  no light at all could get through to be where. As Cathy stepped back she motioned
  for the two Amazons to lower the captive to the ground so she remained hogtied
  on the ground. While wearing the hood, Debbie could not see them move about
  her.  
 "A couple of hours in total darkness will make her agreeable to almost anything."  
 With that the tall Amazon began to giggle. Roxanne joined in though she
  did not understand what was going on.  
 So you are no doubt wondering how Debbie ended up in this position. The
  Amazons were ready to execute their plan of taking over the cosmetology college.
  They hinted to Debbie that date wanted to her to bring Roxanne out to their
  encampment outside the city walls. They gave no explanation why they were doing
  this, but Debbie suspected date wanted to turn the tall blonde into a slave
  girl. While that was their eventual plan, that was further down the road. Instead,
  they pounced on Debbie leaving her bound and gagged on the ground.  
 Cathy and Roxanne moved to another area of the large pavilion.  
 "How long are you going to leave per like that?"  
 The tall Amazon looked at the struggling captive.  
 "Not long. Just a few minutes. But we will tell her it has been two hours.
  She will be due willing to do anything to avoid another two hours wearing that
  hood. Then we can begin her real submission."  
 So that was how it went. After ten minutes they pulled the hood from the
  brunette's head and asked her if she wanted to wear it for another two hours.
  She shook her head no. Cathy held it out before her face and warned heard that
  it could go on her head at any time.  
 They flipped the captive her on back to make it easier for them to loop
  a rope about her lower thighs immediately above the knees. With that rope,
  and another about her ankles, they insured she could not move her feet apart.  
 Everything had gone according to plan. The Amazons arose, pulling Debbie
  to her feet. They then dragged their helpless captive to a large training room
  where she had watched Andrea being forced to submit. They forced her to squat
  down a little so they could run rope about her neck and back down to her knees.
  When it was tied, she could not straighten up.  
 In this position, her bottom protruded out in back, begging for a spanking.  
 "Before we've began the actual rite of submission, we have to tenderize
  her bottom."  
 "Tenderize her bottom?"  
 Cathy smiled politely. Roxanne was getting on her nerves. Subtlety was not
  her strong point. She would love so much to have a go at Roxanne's bottom.
  As we will see, she would not have the opportunity.  
 But we are getting ahead of ourselves.  
 "We use of this large paddle on her bottom until it is so painful that she
  would be willing to do almost anything to avoid another whack with it. Then
  we switch over to this leather paddle. By the time we are finished with them,
  Debbie will enjoy begging to become a slave girl."  
 The tall Amazon waved the paddle around as she advanced on Debbie. The naked
  captive tried to jump away but could not. The Amazons pulled her around so
  Cathy would have a free shot at her panty-covered bottom. The Amazon rubbed
  her left hand all over to Debbie's bottom. Having another woman fondle her
  bottom would reinforce how helpless she really was.  
Cathy wished she could deliver the first blow,
  but Clarissa had that all planned out. She looked over at Roxanne.  
 "Would you like to do the honors?"  
 "Yes!"  
 The blonde jumped at the opportunity to paddle on the brunette's bottom.  
 "Stand here. Use both hands. Swing it back as far as you want, and your
  arms and shoulders to deliver the blow. Don't worry about hurting her. As a
  slave girl she will have to get used to treatment such as this. You will be
  doing her a favor."  
 The blonde did as she was instructed.  
 Whack  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt"  
 "Was that hard enough?"  
 "Look for it yourself."  
 They pulled the panties down so Roxanne could see the outline of the wooden
  paddle on Debbie's alabaster cheeks. The rectangle gradually turned red as
  they watched.  
 "When we are finished, we want her bottom to look the same shade as her
  panties.  
 "How many swats?"  
 "Keep swinging until you get tired. If it is too much for her, she will
  tell you."  
 Roxanne gave Cathy a puzzled look until she realized it was a joke. With
  the rubber ball wedged between her teeth, Debbie could say nothing. As long
  as Roxanne wanted to swing the paddle, Debbie would hath to be on the receiving
  end.  
 Whack!  
"Mmmmmffffftttttt."  
 By the time Roxanne paused, Debbie's bottom was bright red. The blonde had
  changed the point of impact so she covered the captive's entire bottom.  
 "Now we are ready to start the next phase of her submission."  
 She moved around in front of Debbie. She pointed down to a line drawn in
  the ground as she spoke.  
 "You are going to make to complete a full circuit around this room. When
  you hear the command "position," you squat further and stick your bottom out.
  When the strap or switch lands on your bottom, that will be the signal for
  you to hop forward. It is in your best interest to try to hop as far as you
  can. The fewer times you have to hop, the fewer were swats you get on the bottom."  
 She started to turn away but then turned back as though she had an afterthought.  
 "And if you refuse to jump. We bring you back to the starting point so you
  can start over. Only this time we will use a wooden paddle."  
 Cathy selected a willowy switched to begin with. Moving around to Debbie's
  left she stood in the position where she could deliver a blow to captive's
  panty-covered bottom.  
 "Position."  
 The Amazon waited until Debbie squatted down a little. She then drew the
  switch back and flung it forward.  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
Debbie, in her pain, forgot to jump.  
 "If you don't jump my dear, you will receive a lot of unnecessary punishment.
  Now let us try that again. Position."  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Debbie hopped forward a couple of centimeters.  
 "It is going to be a long day if you only hopped forward that much. Cathy
  giggled a little as she ran to her left hand across the bottomcheeks of the
  captive.  
 "Not that I am complaining though. Maybe you are one of those women who
  enjoys the feel of a switch on her fanny."  
Debbie responded by shaking her head.  
"Position."  
 Crack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 A complete circuit of the area was about fifty meters. Debbie had increased
  her jumps to half a dozen centimeters. It would still take many blows to her
  bottom before she reached the end.  
Debbie hopped forward only a few meters but found
  the pain to intense to continued. She was used to beating slave girls, not
  having her own ass beaten. She realized that she would take hundreds of swats
  from the switch before she made a complete circuit of the room. She fell to
  her knees to get Cathy to stop.  
 The tall Amazon had anticipated something like this. With a wave of her
  hand she signaled two Amazons to pull the captive to her feet and drag her
  back to the starting point. As Cathy moved in position, another Amazon handed
  her a wooden paddle. She placed her left hand on Debbie's left tit. The paddle
  slammed into the brunette's bottom.  
 Whack! Whack! Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 "Are you ready to behave now?"  
 Debbie sobbed loudly through her ballgag.  
 "I cannot hear you. Use your head."  
 The beautiful brunette noted. As Cathy had said, she was willing to do anything
  to avoid another spanking. If the Amazon had demanded that she submitted to
  a slave collar right then, she would have.  
 But that would have spoiled the Amazons' fun.  
 Cathy handed the paddle to another Amazon and pulled the switch out from
  her belt.  
 "Position."  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Debbie was so glad when they reached the starting point. At least this torment
  was over.  
 Or so she thought.  
 "So much for the switch. Let me see how motivated you are by this leather
  paddle."  
 She made a little circular motion with her right hand. Two Amazons spun
  the brunette captive a round so she faced back in the directions she had started.  
 "Position."  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Even Roxanne could tell him that Debbie wanted to be a slave girl by the
  time she made a second circuit around the area.  
 "Roxanne, do you want to have a turn?"  
 "Certainly. 
"Mmmmmfffffttttt."   
 Debbie protested, but she had no say in the matter. The Amazons had decided
  she would do another circuit of the room bound and gagged. Roxanne would have
  the privilege of paddling her fanny.  
"Position."  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 The buxom brunette stuck her bottom out as far as she could.  
"Position."  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 There were many others there.  
 "Position."  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 If she were good, perhaps they would not let others paddle her while she
  hopped about the room.  
 "Position."  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
Slave Girls in Bondage  
Chapter 73  
 The Amazons dragged Debbie over before a couple of chairs. They pushed the
  buxom brunette to her knees.  
 "Roxanne, do you want to do the honors?"  
 The tall blonde sat in the chair with Debbie at her feet.  
 She stared at Debbie for a second, and then turned to Cathy.  
 "She cannot crawl forward like that."  
 "Then help her. Grab her by the hair."  
"Thank you." Roxanne giggled as she grabbed a fistful of Debbie's hair to
  pull her forward. The brunette landed face forward on the ground.  
 "You are so pathetic, it is a wonder that you did not become a slave girl
  before this."  
 The she held the other slave collar on the ground before Debbie's face.  
 "Come on Debbie, it is only a few centimeters away. Move your throat over
  to it."  
 The Debbie tried but could not.  
 "Can we spank her some more? I think she lacks motivation".  
 Debbie squirmed her body back and forth to get closer. The Amazons giggled
  as they pulled her to her knees so she could submit normally. The brunette
  moved her head forward to place her throat against the leather slave collar.
  Roxanne fumbled under her hair to fit the working end through the buckle. When
  she jerked on it, the collar became quite tight. The buckle locked automatically.  
 As soon as Roxanne finished, a couple of Amazons moved forward. They cut
  the rope between the brunette's neck and her knees. They then removed the ballgag.  
 "Come on, Debbie, show Roxanne how thankful you are for turning you into
  a slave girl.  
 The blonde had been serviced by slave girls often before so she knew what
  to do. She pulled up the hem of her ankle-length skirt and slipped off her
  panties. The brunette pressed her mouth against the blonde's pussy and began
  to lick.  
 Debbie was inexperienced so it took her awhile to make Roxanne come. Everyone
  knew the blonde would come eventually. It was sexually arousing just to have
  your rival on her knees with her face between your legs.  
 As soon as the tall blonde had achieved her orgasm, an Amazon pulled the
  slave girl's head back and rammed the ballgag back into her mouth. They then
  pushed her face down so they could fasten it behind her head.  
 "Now Roxanne, give her first spanking as a slave girl.  
 They pulled Debbie to her feet and laid her across the blonde's lap. Roxanne
  looked down at the bottom, before deciding to pull the panties down. Debbie's
  first swats as a slave girl would be delivered to her bare bottom.  
She was uncertain where to deliver the blows. Finally she decided it did
  not matter. She delivered one stinging blow after another to one cheek in the
  other, right, left, right, left, right.  
 The Amazons then pulled Debbie back and down between Roxanne's legs. The
  ballgag came out of her mouth.  
 "Now thank Roxanne for spanking you."  
 Debbie realized then that she had to be the best little slave girl she could
  to avoid further punishment. She did not know if that was possible are not,
  it seemed to her that they were intent on spanking her as often and as hard
  as they could. She tried anyway, hoping she would avoid further punishment,  
 Roxanne came little faster than before.  
 That was how Debbie spent the next hour. An Amazon would spank her, then
  Debbie would thank her using her tongue. By the time she reentered the town,
  she would have developed oral skills she had never imaged.  
 They had more captives.  
 They led the tall blonde down to that area where they were about to enslave
  Cara and Caryn.  
 Caryn made no effort to resist when they freed her from the device. The
  continual rotating of her body had disoriented her so she could not even stand
  up. They cuffed her hands behind her back and led her forward by holding on
  to both arms.  
 The blindfold remained over her eyes. She had no reason to see anything.  
 When they stopped pushing her forward, she stopped. The handcuffs came off,
  but they forced her to bend over, drawing her arms forward. In a matter of
  seconds they had her imprisoned in a pillory. Wood encircled her neck and wrists
  so she could not move.  
They forced her to spread her legs apart about half a meter. Leather cuffs
  and chains kept her from bringing them together. Her feet were forward so her
  bottom protruded.  
 The blindfold finally came off. She blinked several times as her eyes became
  used to the light again. There was nothing for her to see though, only the
  ground before the pillory.  
 They ignored her for a while. From the sounds behind her, she guessed they
  were placing Cara in a pillory behind her.  
 "Now, we are going to have a little contest. You will be spanked, severely
  spanked. Whichever one of you submits first, will be rewarded. The loser, well,
  we won't discuss that now."  
 Now Cara and Caryn were sisters. Neither wanted to be a slave girl. Neither
  wanted her sister to be a slave girl.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Caryn tensed her body. She had heard the blow strike flesh and did not feel
  pain, so it must have Cara's bottom that got the swat.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Now the sisters had little experience with slave girls.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Still, they had seen them around town.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 They all looked so beautiful in those sexy outfits.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 That a woman could not help but feel a little jealous.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 The Amazons would no doubt put them in sexy outfits.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 And everyone would admire their svelte bodies.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
 Maybe being a slave girl was not such a bad thing after all.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt. Mmmmmfffffttttt. Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 "Wait a minutes folks, I think we have a winner here.!"  
 Caryn could not believe she was shaking her head and wiggling her hands
  to get them to stop.  
 A hand grabbed her by the hair to pull her head up.  
 "Do you want to be a slave girl?"  
 The beautiful brunette slowly moved her head to indicate a nod.  
 She could not see the Amazon nod to others who leaped to the pillory to
  unlock it. Once the upper part was raised, they pulled the young captive's
  arms behind her back so they could handcuff them there. Caryn could not raise
  her head as the first Amazon held her head down against the wood by holding
  her hair.  
 The Amazons had three chairs arranged in an arc. An Amazon sat in the first,
  her crotch strap already off. She was the lucky one to be thrilled by a virgin
  tongue.  
 They forced the captive to her knees less than a meter from the Amazon who
  held up the slave collar.  
 "Crawl forward and put your neck here."  
 An Amazon standing behind her prodded her in the shoulder with a switch
  to remind her of the consequences if she did not obey. Centimeter by centimeter
  the beautiful woman made her way forward. When she got to the Amazon's knees,
  she bent forward to place her throat on the collar. The mistress immediately
  pulled the ends together behind her neck to buckle them together.  
 She unbuckled the strap that held the ballgag in the brunette's mouth, but
  she did not pull it out yet. First she pulled the pins from Caryn's hair so
  her long, dark tresses tumbled down about her shoulders, partially hiding her
  titties.  
 The Amazon pushed Caryn's head back so the slave girl looked up at her.
  Slowly she pulled the rubber ball from the woman's mouth.  
 "Now thank me for turning you into a slave girl."  
 Caryn crawled the last few centimeters so she could lower her face to the
  woman's pussy. She did not know what to do, but that did not matter. Her tongue
  excited the Amazon.  
 "Just think how lucky you car, Caryn. A few minutes ago your ass was being
  pounded, now you are earning your keep. Do you think you will enjoy being a
  slave girl?"  
 "Mmmm-mmmm."  
 The Amazons smiled at the woman's acquiescence. They were not surprised.
  They had seen this type of submissive before.  
 "You have a very beautiful face. Don't you think it belongs in a woman's
  pussy."?  
 "Mmmmmm-mmmmm."  
 When the Amazon came, she pushed the slave girl's head back so she could
  wedge the rubber ball back between her teeth. She next pulled the brunette's
  head down so she could pin her head between her knees. This left both hands
  free to buckle the ends of the strap together behind her head.  
 "On your feet!"  
 Caryn could not struggle as the woman pulled her over her lap. She was in
  for a spanking, she knew that, but she did not know how severe it would be.
  With her face down near the ground she could not see another Amazon hand hers
  a small wooden paddle.  
 Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!  
 "MmmmmmmmffffffffffTTTTTT!"  
 The blows landed on alternating cheeks. As the pain ripped through her right
  cheek, she could hear the sound of the paddle striking her left.  
Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!  
 "MmmmmmmmffffffffffTTTTTT!"  
 All she could do was scream through the gag and kick her feet wildly.  
 Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!  
 "MmmmmmmmffffffffffTTTTTT!"  
 The Amazons laughed at the newly collared slave girl's feeble efforts to
  avoid the paddle.  
Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!  
 "MmmmmmmmffffffffffTTTTTT!"  
 In seconds the beautiful brunette found herself kneeling between the Amazon's
  legs again, the ballgag gone from her mouth.  
 "Now thank me for spanking you."  
 The young beauty attacked the woman's pussy with her tongue, showing much
  more enthusiasm than before. She was afraid she would be paddled again if she
  did not please her mistress.  
 "Look up at me. Always look up at your mistress so she can see in your eyes
  how much you enjoy bring her pleasure."  
 By looking at her mistress, she could not escape the extreme humiliation
  of knowing she brought the woman to one orgasm after another.  
 She had worn a collar for only five minutes, and already Caryn had no ambition
  other than being the best slave girl ever.  
 They dragged the young captive a few meters to her right where another Amazon
  waited. Again, Caryn had to use her tongue to thank the woman for turning her
  into a slave girl. After another paddling, she had to use her tongue to thank
  the woman for spanking her.  
 And you may wonder, what was Cara doing during all this?  
 Well, she was too far away to her what happened to her sister. She could
  imagine though as they did not leave her alone. Two Amazons remained with her.
  Each had one hand on a dangling tittie, and the other in the blonde's pussy.  
 They did not let her come, they merely kept her aroused.  
 "I wonder if Caryn is having as much fun as you are?"  
 After the young brunette had serviced half a dozen Amazons, showing everyone
  how submissive she was by her actions, they were ready to dress her. A pair
  of ubiquitous French Maids came forward.  
 The garterbelt was white satin with white lace ruffles in front. The stockings
  were white; the patent leather high-heeled sandals were white. The satin bra
  was white as were the satin panties. They pulled up her arms shoulder length
  white satin gloves.  
 The white motif gave the young brunette a virginal look of innocent, marred
  only by the black leather collar about her neck.  
 They fastened about her slender waist a white leather belt. It buckled in
  front, but the imported items were in back. A pair of handcuffs was riveted
  to the leather. With the belt in place, they secured her arms behind her back.  
 With the leash attached to the collar, they led her back to Cara.  
 "We told you that you would get a reward for being such a good little slave
  girl. You sister Cara was bad by not submitting first. So you get to punish
  her."  
 They removed the steel cuff from about the slave girl's right wrist. She
  stared at the leather paddle for a few seconds before taking it from the Amazon.  
 "A word of warning. If you do not hit her hard enough, you have to punish
  yourself. You will have to whack your own bottom until we feel you have received
  the proper amount of punishment.  
 "I would say, oh, twenty-five swats are in order."  
 The Amazon waved Caryn forward.  
 The brunette stepped forward, looked at her sister's fanny, then at the
  Amazon.  
 "Go ahead."  
 She drew the paddle back and swung it forward.  
 "Whack!"  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 The blonde jumped but the prison of the pillory kept her from struggling
  too much.  
 "That wasn't very good. Give yourself a whack on the fanny."  
 Caryn's blue eyes opened wide. She could not believe what she was ordered
  to do.  
 "Make it a hard one, or we will double it."  
 Caryn bent over a little, then brought the paddle down on her own bottom.  
 Whack!  
 "Mmmmmmmmm!!"  
 A chorus of boos greeted the effort.  
 "That was really pathetic. Do it again. Harder!"  
 Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
 "That was much better, now give yourself another to remind you of what you
  have to do."  
 Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
 Tears ran down the beautiful brunette's cheeks. She remained bent over in
  case they wanted her to whack herself again.  
 "Now beat your sister's bottom."  
 Cara's body jerked once when the paddle struck her bottom.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
 "Again. Just as hard."  
 Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
 So that was how the next five minutes were spent. One by one, Caryn delivered
  twenty-five swats to Cara's bottom.  
 "Okay. Fun time's over. Now you can rest."  
 They pulled the paddle from the brunette's hand. In seconds they had her
  hands cuffed behind her back. They left the belt on. They wanted Cara to be
  able to deliver more swats.  
 We still have Shirley to enslave.  
 While the brunette's attention was on them binding her hands behind her
  back, one Amazon attached a leash to her collar.  
 "Come along."  
 They led the beautiful brunette across the area where there were a number
  of wooden devices. Caryn had no idea what they were. All were empty. Caryn
  would soon learn what they were.  
 "Stand here."  
 The crosspiece was leather-covered. The young beauty stood on a small box
  before it. They buckled a leather strap about her ankles, and another about
  her lower thighs immediately above the knees.  
 "Up you go."  
 They lifted her so her bottom was on top. She still wore the chain leash
  that they ran to the straps about her ankles. They looped it about the band
  of leather. As they shortened the chain, they pulled her feet forward.  
 A pair of hands pulled her bottom toward them so it was in the perfect position
  for a spanking. This was a form of spanking device.  
 The others were busy with her sister. They gave Cara her orders &ndash; grunt
  twice if she wanted to be a slave girl. They offered her the opportunity to
  submit after every blow to the fanny.  
 Mmmmmfffffttttt! Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 She wanted to be a slave girl, but they were in no hurry for her submit.
  They toyed with her by smacking her bottom repeatedly.  
When the others return after binding Caryn in her new position, they were
  ready for Cara's submission. Can there be any doubt that she would beg for
  a collar after the punishment she received?  
In short order she found herself on her knees before one of the Amazons,
  her face between the woman's legs, using her tongue to thank the woman for
  turning her into a slave girl.  
When she had thank all the Amazons present, it was time to dress her. Her
  attire was identical to that of her sister. The motif was all white. (Except
  the panties in back allowed an ample amount of red to show where they had spanked
  her.)  
"Come along, Cara, we have a treat for you."  
With her hands cuffed behind her back and a woman holding her leash, she
  could not refuse. She stumbled along after them. They stopped behind Caryn.  
"This is your sister's fanny. Do you remember how hard she spanked you? Well,
  now it your turn to pay back the punishment."  
She wore a bondage belt identical to the one Caryn wore. They freed her right
  hand before handing her a paddle.  
"Twenty-five, as hard as you can."  
Would Cara do it? Would she need motivation as her sister had?  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
The brunette's body jerked from the impact of the blow.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
It seems Cara need little inducement to punish her sister.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
Now, you might wonder if Caryn had submitted sufficiently that she would
  allow another to spank her with some form of resistance.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
She did try to resist, but the Amazons had bound her so she could not move.  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
Whack!  
 "Mmmmfffffttttt!"  
When she had given her sister twenty-five hard whacks on the fanny, an Amazon
  jerked the paddle for her hand. Another spun her about so she could lock her
  right arm behind her back with her left.  
While they secured Cara, others freed Caryn so she had the same degree of
  freedom as her sister. A tether chain between their collars kept them together.  
"Come along."  
The two staggered after the lead Amazons. Others followed behind to insure
  the newly-collared slave girls followed.  
"Kneel."  
Not used to moving about without the aid of their arms to keep their balance,
  the two almost fell over. Several Amazons snickered at their clumsiness.  
"Faces against your knees. We'll tell you when you can look up."  
The momentary delay was to allow them to bring Debbie to the scene.  
Ah, the tall brunette looked somewhat different than she did when she arrived
  at the Amazon's camp. Gone were any traces that she had been a free woman at
  dawn. Now, she was dressed as a French Maid, complete with black satin panties
  that were visible to anyone standing behind her. The neckline came under her
  titties so the luscious mounds were visible and wiggled at every movement of
  her body.  
Her bondage was a black leather singleglove.  
"Kneel here."  
The brunette lowered her left knee to the ground, and then brought her right
  down to join it. Within seconds of receiving the order, she was in the desired
  position.  
"Spread your knees apart. It's not like you have anything to hide."  
As she did that, they pushed her body back so the ring at the bottom of the
  singleglove was near her ankles. One Amazon tied a cord to that ring, looped
  the working end about the slave girl's ankles, and brought it back up to the
  ring. Once tied, Debbie could not alter her position unless she fell on her
  side.  
"We seem to have a little impediment here. Free her."  
An Amazon removed the cuffs from about Cara's wrists.  
"Now, remove your sister's panties."  
They snagged about the brunette's hips. Cara jerked down to get them lower.
  Once freed of the constraint of Caryn's curves, they fell to the ground.  
"Pick them up."  
When the blonde straightened up, an Amazon unbuckled the strap holding the
  ballgag in her mouth. The rubber ball came out easily once she had the strap
  freed.  
"Now stick them in your mouth."  
Cara hesitated only a second. She knew what they would do to her if she refused.
  Using the fingertips of both hands, she stuffed them in her mouth. An Amazon
  shoved the rubber ball back into her mouth while another cuffed her hands behind
  your back.  
Already they were removing Caryn's cuffs.  
"I bet you can't wait to have your sister's panties in your mouth, can you?"  
The brunette nodded, afraid to do anything else.  
She pulled her sister's white satin panties down, shoved them in her own
  mouth, and stood passively as they reapplied the gag and cuffs.  
Cathy sidled up to Cara, her left hand fondling the blonde's left tit, her
  right her sore bottom.  
"I bet that with those panties in our mouth, I couldn't even hear a whimper
  if I paddled your fanny."  
Cara looked at the tall Amazon with terror in her eyes.  
"You're a good slave girl, aren't you?"  
The blonde nodded.  
"You only want to make us happy, don't you?"  
Again, a nod.  
"You know what happens to slave girls who misbehave. Let me show you what
  happens to good little slave girls."  
As she led Cara to Debbie, an Amazon removed the kneeling captive's ballgag.  
"Straddle her face. You know you are in the correct position when you can
  feel her tongue in your pussy."  
Cathy knew she had achieved the correct position when Cara's nipples became
  hard and pointed. With a nod, she signaled another Amazon to slip a leather
  blindfold over the blonde's eyes. They wanted no distractions from the slave
  girl's orgasms.  
The Amazon bent over so her face was near Debbie's.  
"You know Debbie, the first time I saw you I thought that beautiful face
  of yours would be a perfect resting place for a slave girl's pussy."  
With her head back and her arms bound behind her, the buxom brunette could
  see little more than the golden curls of Cara's pubic. She continued to lick
  away at the pussy she could not see. She had learned her lesson about disobeying.  
After the blonde slave girl had come a couple of times, it was Caryn's turn.
  Cara moved off Debbie's face, Caryn moved on.  
"Cara, you remember Shirley, don't you? She is the one responsible for you
  wearing a collar."  
Cathy pulled the pink satin panties down a couple centimeters in back.  
"Look at that! Her ass hasn't been touched! Do you think that is fair?"  
The blonde shook her head. She knew were this was leading. She grabbed the
  paddle and stepped forward as Cathy pulled the ruffled panties up.  
"Start with twenty-five. We want to leave some ass for your sister."  
The Amazons were laughing as the young blonde delivered the first blow.  
Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
Cara showed no hesitation at all.  
Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
She put as much power as she could in each blow.  
Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
At the end of the twenty-five swats, Cathy took the paddle from the blonde
  so another Amazon could fastened her free wrist behind her back.  
"Bend over. Let's see what you did to her bottom."  
The tall Amazon pulled the panties down to show the buxom brunette's entire
  bottom. Both cheeks were red, and getting much redder every second.  
"Go over and sit on Debbie's face while Caryn has a turn."  
The blonde soon was mounted on the slave girl's face so Debbie's tongue could
  explore her pussy.  
Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
Caryn swung the paddle as hard as she could. She exhibited no of the hesitancy
  she did when she delivered the first blow to her sister's bottom.  
Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
"My turn!"  
Caryn hoped they would allow her to mount Debbie again, but Cathy led her
  around in front of the spread-eagled captives. Danielle brought Cara over.
  A short chain between their collars linked them together.  
"Since both of you have had the pleasure of Debbie's tongue, we thought it
  only fitting that you bring some pleasure to Shirley." She removed a ballgag
  from each mouth. Using both hands, she pulled the pink satin cups down. The
  massive mounds exploded from the confines of the bra.  
"Pick a nipple and suck!"  
The sister slave girls wasted no time in clamping mouths on a supple mound.
  Tongues lapped away at nipples, making them hard and pointed.  
Shirley's breathing became quick and shallow. This was so much better than
  a paddling. She knew she should not enjoy this but she did. She shook her body,
  trying to find some way she could come.  
Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
Pleasure and pain. Shirley's body shook with ecstasy, even as the pain radiated
  from her bottom.  
Whack!  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
That was pretty much how it went the hour went. Shirley whimpered as Cathy
  continued to pound her bottom. When the tall brunette was tired, she passed
  the paddle to another Amazon. She in turn passed it to a third and she to a
  fourth.  
The two slave girls sucked on her nipples while the Amazons took turns sitting
  on Debbie's face so she could bring them ecstasy.  
In the end, Shirley was on her knees, placing her neck in a leather collar.
  She used her tongue to thank her mistresses for turning her into a slave girl,
  and then for spanking her.  
While Shirley proved to the Amazons her sincerity about being a submissive,
  Cara and Caryn were locked into stocks again. The two whimpered, afraid that
  they would be subjected to another spanking, but that was not the Amazons'
  goal. (The day was still young. They had plenty of time to inflict more pain
  once they returned to town.)  
At the same time, Debbie demonstrated to the Amazons what she could do with
  her tongue.  
When the Amazons were finished with Shirley, they dragged her to Caryn. With
  her face pressed against the young woman's bare bottom, she used her tongue
  to make the woman come repeatedly.  
They forced Shirley to spread her legs apart as she knelt. This enabled them
  to slid Debbie underneath so the buxom brunette could bring pleasure to her
  as an inducement to work harder.  
So that was how the rest of the afternoon was spent. The four were constantly
  on their knees pleasing Amazons, or each other. After a while, one pussy pressed
  against your face looks pretty much like any other.  
Eventually the Amazons grew tired of this pleasure. They had other things
  to do. Some (including Clarissa and her friends) left early. It was time to
  take the four newly collared slave girls into town.  
Caryn felt them spin her about and push her to her knees.  
"Clasp your hands behind your back," she heard as they removed the handcuffs.  
Quickly they looped a cord several times about her wrists. Before tying a
  knot they cinched those loops. They tied the ends together so securely the
  beautiful brunette had no chance of escaping, but they were far from finished.  
Next they looped another cord about her upper arms near her elbows. After
  six loops, they pulled all slack from the loops, gradually drawing the captive's
  elbows together. They cinched these loops before tying a knot.  
No, they weren't finishing binding the beautiful captive yet. Tying one end
  of a cord to the captive brunette's left upper arm, they looped it about her
  body. Before tying the working end to her arm, they pulled all slack from the
  cord. These first loops had encircled her chest above her large bosom; they
  made six more passes under them. When finished with that cord, they cinched
  all the loops by passing another cord about the four sets of cords and pulling
  them tight. The cord outlined the slave girl's chest, instantly drawing attention
  to her luscious mounds.  
Yeah, Caryn was helplessly bound.  
As most of the Amazons bound the four, one retrieved a horse. As Caryn was
  the first rebound, they led her forward to the position of honor. They attached
  her leash to a ring on the saddle.  
Cara was next. She was tethered to a ring on the back of her sister's slave
  collar. Shirley was behind her, and Debbie brought up the end of the line.  
In minutes, they had the four secured in a coffle. They followed the horse
  and rider down toward the city gates.  
Once within the gates, they would have no chance of freedom as no one would
  want to set them free. Bound as they were, they could not escape during their
  passage to the city.  
Slave Girls in Bondage  
By Kilogram  
Chapter 74  
"I think this is a brilliant idea. In by doing this I will be able to figure
  out who has been stealing from me."  
If you have to ask what the plan is, you obviously haven't been paying attention.  
 Erin looked at her friend and rolled her eyes.  
 The two were an interesting contrast. Erin's hair was black, her eyes large
  and brown. Melissa was a blonde with brown eyes. Both were of average height.
  Erin's boobs were large, but normal size while Melissa's were overabundant.  
 A blonde with big tits: the perfect recipe for a slave girl.  
 "I can't believe you are serious about this, Melissa. I thought we were
  only kidding."  
 Of course Erin had not been kidding. If she had not wanted Melissa to do
  this, she would never have suggested it.  
 The blonde said nothing, but rose to cross the room to where she had left
  a bag next to a chair. As she walked back, she drew a mass of red silk from
  within. Tossing the bag on the chair where she had been sitting, she held the
  garment so it fell open. She turned to hold them up so her friend could see.  
 "This is how serious I am. I went out and bought these for myself today."  
 Erin fingered the material, wondering what her friend would look like dressed
  as a slave girl. That was something she had fantasized about often before.
  Now that a plan was nearing its completion, she did not want to be so persuasive
  that she would talk the blonde out of it.  
 "I don't know."  
 She had thought about this for a while. She would appear reluctant. Let
  the blonde talk herself into it.  
 "Just wait until you see me in this."  
 "You mean you tried it on already?"  
 "Sure. I did it in my house with the door locked. Wait until you see me
  in this!"  
 Without another word, the blonde turned to pick up the bag. Flashing another
  smile, she turned toward the bathroom.  
 Erin waited until she heard the door close before allowing a wicked grin
  to spread across her face. This had turned out better than she had planned.  
 Melissa appeared back in room in five minutes dressed as a slave girl. She
  wore a short pink, flared minidress. For slave girl outfits, this one was rather
  conservative. This being a one-piece outfit, her navel was not exposed. It
  was a little longish in front, but it still showed off so much of her thighs
  that no one would complain. The neckline showed her cleavage, but not an extravagant
  amount.  
Of course, Melissa could not tell that much of her boobs were visible on
  the sides (as the outfit was designed), or that the hem was much shorter in
  back so her panties were visible any time she moved.  
The buxom blonde held her arms out to her sides and did a slow turn.  
 "Well with you think?"  
 As she turned, the flared skirt billowed out a little, allowing Erin to
  see the blonde's panties.  
 The beautiful brunette had to work hard to keep from laughing. Melissa had
  no idea what she looked like. She had no idea what she was getting herself
  into.  
 Which was fine with Erin  
 "I still don't think this is a good idea."  
 That was her plan, to force Melissa to forge ahead without thinking. She
  knew the blonde would do what she wanted regardless of what anyone told her.  
 "You said yourself the plan was foolproof. You send me over to my place
  as your piece of property. I spend a few days there trying to find out who
  is stealing from me. They would never suspect that a slave girl was spying
  on them. And after a couple of days they send me back to you. And you let me
  go. It is simple."  
There were many more complications than Melissa could comprehend, but Erin
  counted on that. She had many guards and whipmistresses to take care of her
  slave girls. The captives appeared when she wanted them and disappeared when
  she was done with them.  
 "Well, if you are sure you want to this&hellip;" She let the tone of her
  voice tell the beautiful blonde that she doubted this was a good idea.  
 "It's a good idea. You send me over there. They dress me like a French Maid
  and have me clean around the house. Then I find out what is going on."  
 "If you insist. What about shoes? Slave girls don't normally go around in
  bare feet."  
 "I got shoes."  
 The blonde sat on the edge of the bed to put the shoes on. They were pink,
  patent leather sandals. One strap went across the top of her foot. Another
  encircled her ankle immediately above the back of the shoe. A strap run up
  four centimeters in back so another strap could encircle her lower calf above
  the ankle. The ends of the strap buckled together on the inside. Attached to
  the strap in front was a small, but elegant, pink satin bow.  
 "What do you think?"  
 Melissa repeated her actions early, only this time she moved away from the
  bed as she spun about.  
 "You are getting around in those shoes awfully good for someone who is not
  wearing a collar."  
 "I've been practicing."  
 "I can tell. Now what?"  
 "Here, help me with these gloves."  
 The gloves were shoulder length pink satin, so they match the rest of her
  outfit. The blonde handed them to her friend and held her arms out in front.
  Erin held them up, allowing them to dangle down toward the floor.  
 "What about a slave collar?"  
 "I got one here."  
 "I can't put it on you. It would be illegal for me to put a slave collar
  on a free woman unless the necessary papers are filled out and I'm certain
  you don't want to do that."  
 "But this is just pretend!"  
 "There still are things that could go wrong. Why don't you put the collar
  on your self, and I will watch. That way I will be completely blameless in
  this.  
Melissa looked at her friend for several seconds with a frown on her face.
  She was the one taking all the risk by allowing herself to bound and dressed
  as a slave girl, She could not see white Erin would be concerned about someone
  finding out that she had helped in this little charade. But if her friend wanted
  her to put the slave collar on herself, she would oblige.  
 She still had her hair pinned-up on the back of her head so she no trouble
  fitting the black leather slave collar about her neck. Sticking the working
  end of the collar through the buckle on the other end, she pulled it tight.
  When she had it snug, she squeezed the ends of the buckle. The device locked
  automatically. She had a key back at her place, and she was certain Erin had
  one. Many masters and mistresses had keys simply to torment their slave girls.
  No one actually removed the collar of a slave girl (as far as she knew). There
  were several laws in place about freeing slave girls within town. If one were
  to do it, they would have to take her outside the city's walls to do it.  
 Once a month, the "Hunt Club" held a contest to allow slave girls to try
  to escape. The contest was called "The Hunt" and it took place outside the
  city's walls. Each participant provided one slave girl as the prey. They had
  discovered over time that the best prey were slave girls new to the collar.
  They still had some hope that they could become free.  
 Melissa had participated once and it had been fun though it cost her a slave
  girl. Sarah was a little blonde she had recently acquired. On horseback she
  took the blonde to the starting point four kilometers from town. There she
  removed Sarah's collar and put her in the pen with the others.  
 The prey were naked except for high-heeled sandals. About each ankle they
  wore leather straps to which were fastened circular bells so she could not
  take a step without the bells revealing her presence.  
 The rules were quite simple. The prey were allowed to run for the city's
  walls. If they made it through the gate, they were free. Once in a while one
  did, usually they did not. The hunters pursued them on horseback. If captured,
  the girl became the slave girl of whoever put a collar on them. Some lucky
  hunters caught more than one. That was how Melissa ended up losing Sarah.  
 She never went back to play the game again.  
 Here is town, you could not put a collar on a woman unless the enslaver
  took certain legal steps. (Bribing the officials to look the other way was
  one of the more accepted methods.) Neither could you take a collar off a slave
  girl.  
 Since Melissa was not officially a slave girl, she reasoned Erin would have
  no problem in freeing her.  
 "Okay now what?"  
 "Now for the gloves. Come over and front of me and kneel with your hands
  on your knees. The Melissa opened her mouth to protest but then realize that
  Erin was correct. She now wore the collar of a slave girl. She was not permitted
  to sit down. A slave girl could only kneel in the presence of a mistress. Taking
  a few steps forward she lowered her left knee to the floor and then brought
  her right down to join it.  
 Erin took Melissa's left wrist with her right hand so she could pull the
  glove up to the right height. She had put satin gloves on the slave girls often
  before so she had no trouble getting these on Melissa's arms. In a couple of
  minutes, she had the other glove on.  
 "And have you given any the thought about how you are going to be bound?"  
 Melissa looked up at her friend.  
 "I thought you would just used the regular handcuffs."  
"They are so ordinary hand and somewhat frightening when they are put on
  you're the first time. With that cold steel against your flesh, you know you
  are not going to be able to escape no matter what you do."  
Erin pouted as she pretended to try to think of an alternative. Of course,
  she already had one.  
 Without a word to the kneeling blonde, she bounded to her feet and
    moved to a closet where she had a great variety of bondage items for her
    own kennel of slave girls. In a minute she returned with a black leather
    singleglove. "This will work fine. You will be entirely helpless with this
    thing on, but you won't feel the tightness of handcuffs or ropes on your
    wrists. Your arms will just be immobile behind your back." 
  She sat on the chair where she had been before and held the item up for Melissa
  to see.   
 "I guess that will do."  
 Looking down at her friend, she ordered, "Come to your feet and turnaround
  with her arms behind your back."  
Melissa put her hands down on the rug to help her maintain her balance as
  she stood up. She then turned as her friend had ordered with her arms behind
  her back. She laced her fingers together.  
 The beautiful brunette stepped closer so she could slide leather bondage
  device up the blonde's arms. This model of singleglove had a heavy zipper from
  the bottom to the top. Erin pulled it up partway, just enough so it would remain
  on her arms. Erin then pulled a strap attached to the top on the right, ran
  it across Melissa's upper back, over her shoulder and then under her arm to
  the singleglove where there was a buckle riveted to the leather. Threading
  the end of the strap through the buckle, she pulled it taut and stuck the pin
  through the hole.  
Erin then went to work on the other side. While it would have required her
  to take only a couple of small steps to move to the side so she could do that,
  that was not the way things were dome. The mistress remained stationary, the
  slave girl moved. Taking her friend by the upper arms, she spun her about so
  he had access to her other side. That strap from the upper part of the singleglove
  passed over her back, over her shoulder, and down under her arm to the singleglove.  
 Melissa now was bound so securely that she would not be able to get free
  if she tried, but she did not try. Though she was helpless, Erin was not done.
  She knew that a slave girl was not properly dressed unless she was completely
  helpless. Grabbing the singleglove with her left hand, she used her right to
  pull the zipper all the way up to the top. Erin flipped the tab down and secured
  it in place by a leather strap. The strap kept the tab pinned against the metal
  so it would not open. She then turned her captive to the side so she could
  readjust the strap that she had put on first. She needed to pull it only one
  hole tighter. She then turned her captive about so she faced in the other direction.
  This presented the blonde's other side to her. She repeated the process, drawing
  the strap tight. This time, she had to pull the strap two holes for to make
  it tight.  
 "Well, how you feel?"  
 Viewing that question as a license to try to escape, the beautiful blonde
  moved her arms about. She looked over to her left as she twisted her arms around.
  She could see the end of the single glove where there was a large metal ring.
  She then moved her arms and the other direction and looked over that way. Looking
  up at Erin she smiled.  
"You're right. I'm helpless without feeling the restraint of handcuffs or
  ropes."  
 "That's why I prefer a singleglove."  
 "So what's next?"  
"A gag. I l have to find one that those with your ensemble."  
"I bought one. It is in the bag." The blonde nodded toward the bag sitting.
  Erin came to her feet, took one tentative step in that direction and looked
  back at her friend.  
 "Kneel facing wall."  
 She watched as the blonde moved in the direction indicated and fell to her
  knees just short of the wall.  
"Put your nose up against the wall."  
The brunette wondered how far she could push her free. If Melissa refused
  to follow one of her idiotic little orders it would not matter. She could do
  nothing to stop her now. She saw the blonde's head move forward a little.  
The gag Melissa had chosen for herself was a simple ballgag. The ball itself
  was pink so it matched her outfit. The strap was black leather so it matched
  the slave collar she wore.  
 "Well, Melissa, you may not very smart," Erin thought, "but you certainly
  didn't have an eye for fashion."  
 As she walked toward the kneeling blonde, Erin unbuckled the ends of the
  strap so the device was ready for use once she arrived behind the captive.  
 "Put your head back with your mouth wide open."  
The captive obeyed, but she did not move her head sufficiently for Erin to
  get the rubber ball in her mouth. Placing her right hand on Melissa's forehead,
  she pushed down. As a reaction, the blonde's mouth opened wider. Erin pushed
  the rubber ball into her mouth. She then used her right hand to push the blonde's
  head forward and down so she looked down at the floor with the top of her head.
  This allowed her to pull the ends of the leather strap together behind her
  head. In a matter of seconds she buckled them together.  
With the gag and collar on, Erin no longer needed access to the back of Melissa's
  neck. She pulled the pins free, allowing her long tresses to cascade down her
  back.  
 "This is too easy," she thought herself.  
 Erin crossed to the closet again, returning in seconds with a chain leash.  
 "Raise your head."  
 Once she had access to the blonde's throat, she attached the end of the
  leash to the ring on front. She tugged up on it once.  
 "On your feet slave girl."  
 Melissa struggled to her feet. Without the use of her hands, it was difficult
  to maintain her balance. She fell forward, her face bouncing off the wall.
  Erin didn't offer to help. If Melissa was going to be a slave girl, and she
  certainly was, she would have to learn how to do these things on her own.  
The blonde straightened up, then fell over a couple times before she finally
  came to her feet.  
 Erin used the leash to lead her captive about the room in several large
  circles. Erin walked backwards so she could study the way the bound captive
  moved.  
 "Okay, Now turn around and bend over. I want to see your panties."  
 The blonde squinted to show her displeasure. Bound and gagged as she was,
  she could do nothing else. She obeyed the order, turning and bending over.  
 As she bent over, the hem of the minidress rose, revealing her panties.  
 "This will never do."  
 Melissa straightened up and turned her head and upper body so she could
  see Erin.  
 "Did I give you permission to straighten up?"  
 Melissa turned back around and bent over.  
 "Your panties are the same color as the minidress. They have to contrast.
  Fortunately, I have a selection."  
 The brunette left the room, returning in a few seconds to find Melissa in
  the same position in which she had left her.  
 "Straighten up so I can get your panties off."  
 The pink satin panties were snug about the blonde's hips, forcing Erin to
  pull down on one side, then the other until they could fall down to her ankles.  
 "Step out of them."  
 Once she had done that, Erin had a new order.  
 "Now stand with your legs spread."  
 The panties Erin had were different from the briefs Melissa had chosen for
  herself. These were bikini panties that tied on each hip. Erin had a lot of
  experience doing this to slave girls so she had little trouble securing them
  on the blonde's hips. A pair of tiny strings came together in a bow on the
  blonde's right hip. Erin turned her captive halfway around so she could access
  Melissa's left hip.  
 Granted, it was hard to put this type of panty on,  
 It was also amazing easy to take them off. A tug on a loose end of any string
  on the hips would cause the small garment to flutter to the floor.  
 And Melissa knew full well how close she was to having her bottom exposed.  
 "Now bend over," Erin ordered as she straightened out the back of the miniskirt.  
 Melissa obeyed. As her upper body went down, the hem of the minidress rose.  
 The black satin panties came into sight.  
 Erin smiled.  
 "Time to move out."  
 She pulled on the leash. Melissa straightened up. She started following
  until she realized Erin's destination was the door to the hall. She stopped,
  but bound and gagged as a slave girl, there was little she could do. After
  opening the door, Erin turned to pull forward on the leash. The brunette used
  only one hand to show Melissa how helpless she was.  
 She pulled the young blonde into the hall before moving a couple steps down
  the halls so she could fasten the end of the leash to a ring on the wall.  
 "Now, don't run off," she teased as she patted the blonde's satin covered
  bottom.  
 Melissa watched her friend walk down the hall. It was not until she was
  out of sight that the panic set in. There she was, bound and dressed as a slave
  girl, with no one to protect her. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after
  all. She wiggled her arms within the single glove but could get no freedom
  at all.  
She pulled the singleglove to the left, then to the right. As she moved it
  about, she felt the straps dig into the tender flesh of her shoulders, but
  nothing she did not her any freedom at all.  
She was glad when she saw Erin coming down the hall toward her. She would
  get her friend to release her.  
"I made the arrangements." As she said that she attached a tag to the ring
  on the front of the blonde's collar.  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt."  
"I know, it's just perfect, isn't it."  
"Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
"It won't be long now. Someone is coming for you soon."  
She patted her captive on her bottom.  
"Mmmmmffffftttttt!!!"  
To add emphasis to what she meant, the blonde stomped her foot on the floor
  but Erin had already turned to walk away.  
 She knew what Melissa wanted, or at least she had a pretty good idea. It
  was too late now.  
 Melissa began struggling with her bondage again without achieving any more
  success than she had waiting for Erin to return. Erin had bound her as she
  would any other slave girl. The buxom blonde was not going to escape.  
 Half an hour later a courier appeared at the end of the hall. Melissa noticed
  her only when she had moved half the way down the hall. Her brown eyes grew
  wide as she realized that somebody other than Erin was seeing her dressed as
  a slave girl.  
 She stopped struggling.  
 She looked down as the courier reached for the tag attached to her collar.
  A grunt told her that the woman was looking for her.  
 The buxom blonde may have had reservations about being with that woman.
  Those reservations turned to down terror as the woman reached under the short
  skirt to jerk the panties down. One bow came loose as they fell to mid thigh.
  Melissa moved her legs apart to try to trap them where they were, but they
  continued to fall down to her ankles.  
 "Let's go Blondie, your public awaits."  
The newly collared captive could do nothing as the woman freed the end of
  the leash from the ring on the wall. Looping it about her hand to get leverage,
  she pulled on it. Melissa could do nothing but follow.  
Since the courier thought her captive was nothing more than a slave girl,
  she gave her now information about where they were going. Melissa followed
  at the end of the leash. At first she resisted, forcing the woman to pull hard
  on the leash, but there was nothing she could do to stop the woman from dragging
  her down the hall to the steps. From there they descended the stairs to the
  ground floor. Melissa expected to exit from the front door, but she forward
  she was a slave girl. She had to leave by the slave girls' entrance in back.  
 Melissa's status had been going downhill by steps. First she had been bound
  in the room, then in the hall. The courier led her outside to the alley where
  everyone could see her. There she was tethered again. The courier then stepped
  inside.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 There was nothing the blonde could do. She was alone and helpless until
  someone came to protect her.  
 She had learned her first lesson as a slave girl.  
 Until the courier return, she had to stand there in the alley, her bottom
  covered only by the short hem of that minidress.  
 The courier returned in a few minutes, riding her horse down the alley.
  She leaned over to unhook the end of the leash, and then twisting around, she
  reattached it to a ring on her saddle. Without a word, she turned the horse
  about and started down the alley. Melissa had no chance to resist. The tension
  on the leash pulled her irresistibly forward.  
 The captive blonde quickly lost track of where she was in town. She was
  too embarrassed by her bondage and attire to look up as the courier paraded
  her through town.  
 What was her destination? Then again, did it really matter? After a long,
  circuitous walk, she found herself inside a slave kennel. (She did not recognize
  it, but she had not often been in hers. They always brought the slave girls
  to her.)  
 They removed the minidress, replacing it with a silk miniskirt. The blonde
  could not tell there was a slit up the back.  
 The singleglove remained on her.  
 The mistress turned the beautiful blonde so she faced away from her. Melissa
  stood with her legs together, usually just cause for a severe spanking, but
  the woman was well aware of the circumstances regarding the blonde's captivity.
  Standing with her legs together actually worked toward her plan. She selected
  a Model 73 switch from container on the floor.  
 "Now, Blondie, when I count to '3,' you will spread your legs as wide as
  your shoulders and bend over until your upper body is parallel to the ground.
  Bend your head back so you stare straight ahead.  
 "One. Two. Three!"  
 Naturally, the buxom blonde did not obey, not that the mistress expected
  her to. Grabbing a fistful of blonde tresses, she swung her switch twice.  
 Crack! Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!."  
 She pulled Melissa's head back so the captive could see her.  
 "Are you going to be a good little slave girl from now on?"  
 The woman had a tight grip on the blonde's long hair, but Melissa managed
  to indicate her acquiescence with a little nod.  
 The woman let go.  
 "Now, again. One. Two. Three."  
 The blonde moved her feet apart and bent over. Her hips forced the edges
  of the miniskirt to separate. Not only was Melissa showing off her pussy, she
  was offering it to anyone who wanted it.  
 "Now straighten up, and we'll try it again."  
 After Melissa had demonstrated several times that she was most willing to
  do what the woman ordered, the mistress stuck the switch in her belt to free
  both hands. When she stepped back from the captive, Melissa's long, lovely
  locks were braided into a pair of pigtails that dangled down her back.  
 The leash remained attached to the blonde's collar, though no one held the
  end. The mistress reached over the captive's left shoulder to grab it.  
 "Come along," she ordered as she led Melissa across the room.  
 Ahead of them was a full-length mirror on a wall. Melissa veered to the
  right to get a lock at herself. The skirt covered as much of her thighs as
  the minidress had. Of course, she was topless so her titties were visible.  
 "Turn around. Now look over your shoulder at yourself."  
 When she did that, Melissa saw that the satin miniskirt had a slit halfway
  up the back. She imagined she showed a lot of leg when she walked.  
 "Now, keep looking at yourself as you spread your legs apart and bend over."  
 Melissa's big brown eyes opened wide in horror at what she revealed by bending
  over.  
 The mistress grabbed the leash near the collar so the captive had no choice
  but to look at her.  
 "Did you like those swats on your fanny?"  
 Melissa answered with a slow shake of her head.  
 "Do you want more?"  
 Another shake.  
 "I'm going to take you outside where you will offer your wares to every
  man who comes by. If you hesitate at all, you will get ten hard swats on each
  cheek. Understand?  
 A nod.  
 "Are you going to be a good little slave girl and obey?"  
 Another nod.  
 "Come along then."  
 Melissa had to trot to keep up with the woman. Once outside, she kept her
  eyes toward the ground, afraid that someone would recognize her. (She had forgotten
  that no one recognized slave girls, which was the very reason she had assumed
  this disguise.)  
 The woman led her to a building she did not recognize. The wall in front
  of her was gray stone. Pretty much one wall looked like another.  
 "Stand right here. I don't want you bumping your head when you bend over."  
 She replaced the chain leash with a much long tether line that she ran to
  a ring on the wall before her.  
 "I'm going to be over there so I will see if you don't obey. I think you
  will discover this is much better than being spanked. And you might even enjoy
  it."  
 Melissa doubted that last statement. As she stood facing the wall she made
  a mental note to fire all her guards and whipmistresses and everyone else in
  her employ.  
 She heard footsteps approaching. Afraid of more swats on the bottom, she
  spread her legs and bent over.  
 "What do we have here? A hidden garden of delight!"  
 She did not like being referred that way. She&hellip;  
 "Aaahhhhhhhh!!  
 She came twice before the man was finished with her. He held her upright
  by getting a good grip on the pigtails. That kept him from knocking her over
  when he thrust forward.  
 Melissa was sorry he was done. She was just being to enjoy herself.  
 She came four times when the next man decided to use her. And five for the
  man after that.  
 While we wish we could say Melissa went through a morning of endless ecstasy,
  not only men came by. Women had no use for her pussy. A few light blows between
  the legs taught Melissa what a tart she was.  
 So, when the buxom blonde bend over, she had no way of knowing whether the
  person who pass by, use her, or deliver a blow or two to her pussy.  
 Since she wore the collar of a slave girl, she had no need to know. All
  she had to do was obey.  
Slave Girls in Bondage  
Chapter 75  
 Poor Melissa! Being treated like a common slave girl.  
 Of course, there is nothing common about Melissa &ndash; that beautiful
  face, that long, golden blonde hair, those huge tits.  
 How many times can a woman, come before she becomes too exhausted to resist?
  For Melissa it was forty times. She could not even think of resisting if a
  man chose to use her. Her reaction became automatic when she heard someone
  walking behind her. She spread her legs apart and bent over. It seemed everyman
  want to use her.  
 Unfortunately for the buxom blonde, this was only the beginning of her training
  as a slave girl. They returned her to the slave kennel where she began. They
  stripped her down to only her high heels. She was only a slave girl. She needed
  nothing else to wear. She had no need for modesty. Modesty was something that
  free women had, and Melissa was nothing more than a slave girl. Her voluptuous
  charms were there for everyone to enjoy.  
 They led her to another training room, one she did not recognize. As a mistress
  she had never been involved with rewarding slave girls for being good. She
  was about to have a real learning experience.  
 A jerk down on the leash told Melissa to kneel in the center of the room.
  A pole rose half a meter from the floor to her right. Atop was a ring. The
  mistress attached her leash to the ring.  
 A well-trained slave girl would have stared straight ahead. Since Melissa
  qualified as a slave girl only because of the leather collar about her neck,
  she looked to the left as the mistress moved in that direction. The women exited
  through a door, but return a few seconds later leading a pair of slave girls
  connected at the collar. She tethered one facing the wall next to the door.
  A second guard followed them through the door.  
The first in line she led to a set of stocks immediately in front of the
  kneeling blonde. The second guard removed the captive's bonds. Melissa watched
  without comprehending as they raised the upper board of the pillory so the
  slave girl could fit her neck and wrists in the grooves on the bottom board.
  They then brought the upper board down to imprison her hands and head in the
  tiny circles of wood. The slave girl knew what was about to happen to her so
  she had no desire at all to escape. She was a well-trained salve so she recognized
  the futility of such an action anyway. The guards moved around behind her.
  She had already spread her legs almost a meter apart. They squatted to fit
  a leather cuff about each ankle. A chain connected a ring in the floor to another
  on the leather cuff. These chains kept her from drawing her legs together.  
In this position any man could use her and she could not resist.  
She would not have wanted to resist, but there were no men about here.  
Only Melissa.  
And her delicious tongue.  
They dragged the blonde forward until her tummy touched the slave girl's
  fanny.  
"Kneel!"  
The blonde slave girl lowered her left knee to the floor, then brought her
  right down to join it. She sat back on her ankles so her face was away from
  the slave girl's bare bottom. That slave girl's pussy was centimeters in front
  of her face.  
She began to have an idea what they wanted her to do.  
They removed the ballgag from her mouth. One guard pulled her long blonde
  hair behind her head and tied it in a ponytail.  
 A chain tether was attached to the ring from her collar. The working end
  of the chain was passed between the spread legs of the other slave girl. One
  guard stepped around in front to take the end of the chain. As that guard pulled
  on chain, the one in other pushed the kneeling blonde's shoulders forward.
  Melissa could not resist has they pressed her face against the bare bottom
  cheeks of the slave girl.  
 "Scoot your knees forward a little bit."  
 Melissa moved forward only a couple of centimeters. That was all she needed
  to do. She was now in the right position. The chain leash insured that her
  eyes were kept pressed against the slave girl's bare bottomcheeks. Her lips
  were a fraction of a centimeter from the slave girl's pussy.  
"Stick your tongue out and go to work."  
 The last thing Melissa wanted to do was lick the pussy of a slave girl.
  She had no choice. The guards could see if she performed or not. The guard
  that had remained her placed a knee against Melissa's upper body to push forward.  
The blonde's tongue shot in and out into the pussy of the other slave girl.  
 The second guard locked the end of the chain to the ring on the pillory.
  Melissa could only keep her face where they wanted it. She could not pull her
  head back. She also had to keep her head tilted back so they could see if she
  was working at the task at hand, or not.  
 Melissa was exhausted from being used so often outside that she was unable
  to think about resisting. She was inexperienced at pleasing another woman so
  it took time for her to make the woman come. The bound captive's body jerked
  as she experienced an orgasm.  
Melissa thought that was all they wanted to do. She expected them to release
  her but they made no effort to free her. She realized she was not finished
  bringing pleasure to the other slave girl. She continued to lick. The writhed
  about in her bondage as she moved toward her second orgasm.  
After half an hour one guard unlocked the chain so the other could pull the
  blonde's head back. Ashe shoved a leather pouch into Melissa's open mouth.  
"Keep your head in this position."  
She had no need to secure the gag within the blonde's mouth, as it would
  remain in place unless the captive did something so foolhardy as to try to
  push it out with her tongue.  
The guard next slipped leather blindfold over her captive's eyes. Melissa
  had no need to know what went on about her.  
 She hoped the ordeal was over, but it took only a few seconds for her to
  realize that they were not finished with her. She heard them remove the slave
  girl imprisoned in the pillory immediately before her. From the sounds, she
  knew one guard led that slave girl from the room.  
 The other guard brought the second slave girl over in front of her.  
 When the blindfold came off, she found herself staring at another bare of
  bare bottomcheeks. Melissa needed no instructions on how to act. As soon as
  the woman removed the leather pouch from her mouth, she moved her head forward
  to reach the pussy.  
 The slave girl was approaching her first orgasm by the time the guard had
  the tether chain locked to the ring.  
 You're probably wondering what was what the purpose of this was?  
 It was practice, of course. By the time she finished servicing the final
  slave girl, Melissa was quite used to bringing another woman to an orgasm.
  She was now ready.  
 She was ready to serve the mistresses.  
 She knelt with her back to a chair. They pushed her head back so it fit
  into a groove the seat. Tiny locks secured the rings on the side of her collar
  to the seat so she could not raise her head. Straps and chains kept her body
  immobile under the device. A ballgag remained in her mouth, though the strap
  was not buckled. The chair back was placed in the proper position by inserting
  the pegs at the bottom into holes on either side of the blonde's neck.  
In this position, Melissa could see little of what went on around her. The
  mistress stood beside the chair, studying her captive. When she moved back
  a few meters, Melissa lost sight of her. When the woman returned, the blonde
  slave girl could see she had removed her long skirt and panties.  
The woman disappeared from sight again from a few seconds but reappeared
  as she straddled the chair seat. Before lowering her pussy onto Melissa's face,
  she paused to pull the rubber ball from the blonde's mouth. She then sat down.
  For her, it was a comfortable position. Her pussy was pressed against the mouth
  of the slave girl.  
 Melissa knew what she had to do. Her tongue went to work on the woman. She
  had no doubt that she would be punished if she did not cause the woman to come
  quickly and often.  
Melissa's tongue and lips were tired, but she knew she did not dare stop
  to rest them. She rubbed her tongue around the labia and inserted it in the
  pussy.  
When that mistress had come several times, she raised her body off the blonde
  so she could insert the rubber ball back into her mouth. Once she had dressed,
  she left the room, but another mistress arrived after her.  
And another after her.  
So that was how Melissa spent her first afternoon as a slave girl. They had
  used the blonde as a slave girl, used her in every which way. There was no
  part of her body they had not used to bring pleasure to others.  
Now that she had pleased them, they were ready to start her training.  
They led her to another large training room with her hands cuffed behind
  her back. She stared at the floor before her as she waited. She the longer
  thought of herself as a free woman. She was only a slave girl.  
 A mistress arrived to start Melissa's training. As she circled around the
  captive, Melissa saw that she wore black leather. She also carried a switch
  that she slapped nervously against her thigh as she paced about the captive.  
 Another mistress appeared in sight from the other direction leading a pair
  of French Maid. Unlike the buxom blonde, these slave girls had fully accepted
  their new status in life. They pranced about on the high heels, wiggling their
  fannies as they made their titties wobble back and forth.  
Their own desire was to please their mistress.  
The second mistress passed the leashes to the first who indicated with a
  wave of her hand that they were to spin about so she could get at their hands
  to free them. As she did that, she gave them instructions in a low voice that
  the blonde could not hear. The mistress reached over their shoulders to undo
  the ends of the leashes.  
With a slap on the bottom of each, she sent them scurrying across the room
  to get bondage devices for the blonde. They wiggled their bottoms to prove
  to their mistress that they enjoyed showing off their charms.  
Melissa caught only a glimpse of them as the mistress got her attention by
  prodding her large titties with the end of the switch. Melissa started to pull
  her legs together when the woman put it between her thighs, but decided that
  was a quick way to ask for punishment. She moved her feet apart to make it
  easier for the woman to rub her pussy with the switch.  
The mistress passed the switch from her right hand to her left. With her
  free right hand she fondled the blonde's right tittie.  
"See, if you are a good girl you get rewarded."  
She used her left to swing the switch against the blonde's bare bottomcheeks.  
Crack!  
The woman's hand shifted to Melissa' left titties.  
Crack!  
"I decided whether you have pleasure, or whether you have pain. And you want
  nothing more than to make me happy, don't you?  
The blonde nodded.  
The mistress rubbed the switch against the blonde's fanny so she knew another
  swat was a real possibility.  
"And you aren't going to do anything to make me punish you, are you?"  
The blonde shook her head.  
 As the French Maids returned with a leather corset, the mistress stepped
  around behind the buxom captive to unlock her handcuffs. She pulled the blonde's
  in the air, and then down behind her head where she crossed them. A couple
  loops with a cord bound them together. Passing the one end of the cord through
  the ring on the back of the collar, she secured Melissa's arms out of the way.  
 One French Maid stood before the blonde while the other wrapped the corset
  around her waist from behind. She laced it up the back, and then used a steel
  rod to pull the lacing taut.  
The French Maid before Melissa insured that it was in the proper position
  in front. Her large titties fit into a pair of grooves in the front of the
  leather garment, giving the impression that they tumbled out over the top.  
The tightness about her waist forced the captive blonde to breath deeply
  with her chest. The first thing anyone noticed about Melissa was those two
  huge melons rising and falling in a slow rhythm.  
When they finished with it the French Maids trotted across the room to get
  a new pair of shoes for the blonde. Melissa paid no attention to the down.
  All she worried about was the switch in the hands of her mistress.  
 The removed her high heeled sandals and place new ones on her feet. A pair
  of straps went across the top of foot and to more about the ankle. With each
  French Maid bent over, Melissa could not see what they did to her feet. She
  felt them draw a strap across the top of each foot, and another about her lower
  ankle. When she shifted her weight, the shoes seemed oddly heavy.  
 They were not done with her though. They pulled her hands up to waist level,
  forcing her bend her arms. This was difficult to do with her arms encased in
  leather but the blonde had no choice in a matter.  
 At waist-level in back, on both sides of the leather corset, there was a
  steel ring, riveted to the leather. They passed padlock through these rings
  and through the ring at the end of the single glove. When locked the captive
  could not alter the position of her arms.  
 Now the buxom beauty could not even use her arms to protect herself.  
 She could not use them to protect her bottom either.  
 The only thing left to do was to change her gag. While one French Maid crossed
  the room to get the harness she needed, the other readjusted her ponytail so
  it was the proper position. When the first returned, they pulled the ballgag
  from the blonde's mouth. As soon as it popped up, a French Maid offered a bit
  gag to the blonde. Melissa opened her mouth so the woman could insert the leather
  covered rode between her teeth.  
There was more to the gag than just the bit. That was part of a harness that
  would circle her head.  
The French Maid working on her ponytail pulled the ends of the leather strap
  behind her head where she buckled them together. As she did that, the first
  French maid pulled the remainder of the harness in the air and back over the
  blonde's head. She held it there until her sister slave was ready for it.  
The first step was to grab the blonde ponytail with the hook at the end of
  a small rod. Inserting the other end through a leather loop in the harness,
  she used it to pull Melissa's ponytail through the loop.  
As she pulled the harness down to secure it to the first strap, the other
  French Maid secured the chinstrap. A short strap dropped down from that first
  strap a couple centimeters to the ends of the strap. This strap forced her
  to bite down on the bitgag.  
The French Maid standing behind the captive attached to her ponytail a piece
  of leather three centimeters long. This caused the ponytail to run straight
  back from her head before dropping down.  
 Now you probably have no doubt by now guessed that they had Melissa outfitted
  as the pony girl. That this was the function of her bondage did not occur to
  the blonde at the time. All she knew was that she was still bound as a slave
  girl and that she was not any closer to figuring out who was stealing from.  
 And she certainly recognized none of the guards or mistresses.  
 The guard lowered a chain from the ceiling until the end of it was at the
  same level as the blonde's head. She then ran a tethering chain from the blonde's
  collar to the ring at the end of the chain. Melissa had nowhere to go, but
  now there was no reason she should even try. She was bound and he helplessly
  tethered again.  
 The guard was finished with the French Maids so she secured their hands
  behind their packs with handcuffs and attached leases to their collars. She
  took them from the room so others could use their talents.  
 Within a couple of minutes she was back to Melissa  
 "Stand on your right foot," she said as she poked the blonde in her right
  tittie.  
 Slowly the blonde raised her left foot in the air a few centimeters as the
  guard moved her right, Melissa's left. The switch tapped gently on the back
  of the slave girl's left thigh.  
 "Higher. Higher. Higher. I want the thigh parallel to the ground."  
 When the blonde had achieved the desired position, to guard moved out in
  front of her.  
 "Now, I want you to stand on your left foot, but when you do that, I want
  you to bring your right leg in the air as you bring your left down. Do not
  let both feet touch the ground the same time."  
 Melissa was not certain she could do this, but she was too terrified of
  the switch not try. She did as she was ordered, raising one foot in the air
  as the other went down. She realized she did not have her left foot high enough
  in the air so she continued bringing it up.  
 "Not bad for the first time. Now shift legs again."  
Melissa repeated the process, lowering one foot while raising the other.  
 The guard circled the blonde, inspecting her for every side.  
 "Now I want you to start doing it in succession. Shift your feet, count
  to three, and shift back. Count to three and shift again, Continue doing that
  until I tell you to stop."  
Carefully the blonde shifted the position of her feet, raising one while
  lowering the other. Slowly she counted to three, and she did it again. Her
  eyes remained on the guard standing before her. One. Two. Three. Shift.  
 "Not bad, not bad at all. Now I want you to change the count from three
  to just two."  
This gave the blonde less time to rest between each shift. She still had
  no idea what this was leading too. She only knew that she was naked and been
  tormented. She had no idea that she was trip being trained to be a functional
  part of society, although a very inferior part of it.  
 One. Two. Three. Shift. One. Two. Three. Shift One. Two. Three. Shift.  
 "Good. Good. Now lower the count to 1."  
 The Melissa gasped for air as she shifted her legs. She had only time to
  move her legs into the desired position pause and move tem back. Up. Down.
  Up. Down.  
The guard continued to pace back and forth in front of her.  
 "Okay now you can put both feet down on the ground and rest." She moved
  closer to the blonde so she could fondle her titties with both hands. "Good
  girl. Good girl."  
 Melissa hated the fact that she was pleased that the guard was happy with
  her performance. The woman treated her as though she was animal, and Melissa
  was pleased.  
 She watched as the guard crossed the room to get a chair. The woman left
  the room momentarily, returning with a drink. The before sitting in the chair,
  she studied the blonde.  
 "I think we can dispense with the chain."  
 She removed the chain leash first. She then pulled the end of the chain
  up in the air and fastened the end to a rain so it was out of the way in the
  air. She then settled down in the chair before the captive.  
"Now you are going to show me what you have learned. This time there will
  be no pause between moving your legs. Up. Down. Up. Down. That is what I want
  from you."  
 The mistress took a drink. She smiled at blonde before her.  
 "Begin."  
 Melissa jerked her right knee in the air until her thigh was horizontal.
  She then brought it down as she raised her left in the air. She then brought
  it down as she raised the right. Up. Down. Up. Down. She stared at her mistress
  who sat comfortably before her sipping the drink.  
 Melissa wore the collar of a slave girl. She existed only to bring pleasure
  to others. The guard before her was her mistress. Melissa had to do whatever
  the woman wanted to bring her pleasure.  
They had her do it for a few minutes at first before letting her rest for
  a minute. The next session was a little longer as was the session after that.
  By the time this phase of her this training was done, Melissa could do it without
  fear of falling over.  
 She was ready to move on to the next phase. The mistress attached the leash
  to her collar and led her to another room.  
 "I want you to walk the way you have been practicing. Don't have both legs
  on the ground at the same time."  
Melissa thought this was quite ridiculous, but then again what they had a
  slave girl's do was intended to make them look ridiculous. With the mistress
  in front of her, she could not see what was before her in the room until it
  was to late. They were in a large training. The mistress and led her to a sulky.  
Melissa knew then she had been trained as a pony girl.  
 It was much too late for her to resist. The mistress led her to the proper
  position. She turned to put both hands on the slave girl's shoulders to stop
  her. She maneuvered the blonde a meter to her left so she could pull the bar
  down. On the front of the corset there was a metal ring. A padlock threaded
  through that ring and a ring on the crossbar kept the blonde slave collar chained
  to the sulky.  
 The mistress climbed into the seat of a sulky. Taking the reins in her left
  hand she shook them,  
"All you have to do is trot around in a circle, but continue to move your
  feet as I trained you."  
To get the blonde slave girl started, the mistress snapped the whip against
  her left bottomcheek.  
 Melissa jumped forward.  
"Move your legs as I trained you."  
More blows landed on her bottom before Melissa complied. She pulled the sulky
  around the training room. The mistress had no reason for them to stop after
  one turn, so Melissa continued around a second time, after that a third. The
  blonde lost track of the number of times she circled about that large room.  
 Melissa concentrated on doing the job assigned to her to keep from having
  the woman beat her ass more. She did not notice other enter the room. The mistress
  signaled for them to open the outside door with a wave of her hand. When she
  pulled on the right rein, she told the buxom blonde to turn to the right. To
  keep Melissa from thinking of what she was about to do, she flicked the whip
  against her bare bottom.  
 What else could the blonde do but drag the sulky outside. She turned to
  the left when the woman pulled on that rein. She continued down the street
  to the corner. At the intersection, Melissa felt a tug on the left rein. She
  turned to the left. At the next intersection she felt about tug on the left.
  She turned left again and again. She saw the open door to a building and realized
  they had gone around the block. They were back where they had begun.  
She leaned to the left to go back inside as soon as she felt the tug on the
  leash, but their was no. The mistress allowed her to continue down the street,
  through the intersection, down another block or two before turning right. At
  the next intersection they turned left.  
If it had been the mistress's intent to confuse the captive blonde she had
  succeeded. Melissa had no idea where she was. She merely followed the instructions
  given  
 Finally, there was a tug on a rein to the right. When the blonde turned
  in that direction, she entered a building.  
 Melissa was glad to be home.  
 And she shuddered as she realized she was a slave girl and she considered
  herself one. She wore the collar of a slave girl. She was bound as a slave
  girl. She was dressed as a slave girl.  
Why wouldn't she think of herself as a slave girl?.  
"Would anybody else like to take her out?"  
That was silly question. Of course everybody did. Melissa spent the late
  afternoon trotting around town as a pony girl.  
 Now you are probably wondering why she was taught to trot that way, one
  foot in the air, one foot on the ground. A rapid movement of her legs up and
  caused her whole body to shake and as it did, her massive titties bounced with
  each step. It was a most delightful sight. With her boobs bouncing up and down
  like that, no one would suspend Melissa was not a properly collared slave girl.  
 Do you begin to see the emergence of a plan here?  
When all had an opportunity to take the buxom blonde out for a test run,
  they did not release her from the sulky. Whenever they needed someone to go
  someplace, they used her. Within hours they got used to trotting down the streets
  of the town with a mistress seated on the sulky. She had become an obedient
  little slave girl so there was no need for them to use the switch on her bottom.  
When they arrived at their destination, the mistress would pull back on both
  reins to get Melissa to stop. The woman would dismount and tether the ponygirl
  to a hitching post by passing the reins a couple times about the post and tying
  a simple hitch.  
Melissa had no choice but to stand there staring the simple means in which
  the woman had bound her. She could not even undo a simple hitch.  
She saw hands untying the simple hitch and drawing the reins behind her.
  She felt the movement of the sulky as mistress sat on the seat.  
"Giddy up."  
The mistress flicked both reins.  
Melissa went back to work.  
Slave Girls in Bondage  
Chapter 76  
 A solitary figure stood on a large rock beside the road. For the first ten
  minutes of her wait, there are no signs of life there is the desert. Finally,
  in the distance, where the road from Tonto follows a dry riverbed, a small
  cloud of distance appeared. At first it was small, but as it moved toward the
  left, it became larger.  
 Our figure looked to the left, in the direction of Emerald City.  
 "No sign yet of pursuit," she muttered to herself, "But it will be coming."  
 She turned her attention back to the cloud of dust. It continued to move
  slowly to the left.  
 Her hand went to her side. Through the material of pants she could feel
  the hard stones that were diamonds, twenty-four perfectly matched diamonds
  that until recently had belonged to Lady Constance. That was why the King's
  Musketeers would be after her. They could not allow an insult like this happen
  to the King's "petite amie."  
 The dust cloud stopped moving to the left and was now stationary but growing
  larger. She jumped from the rock to get her saddle. Her mount had died earlier
  that day. That was why she needed a ride.  
 The Overland Stage through Monument Valley came into sight, a dark box drawn
  by four horses in the middle of a billowing cloud of dust. When the driver
  saw her in the middle of the road, he pulled back on the reins, bringing the
  stage to a halt.  
 "I need a ride. How much to the next stop?"  
 "A couple of pfennings if you're just riding to the waystation, ten if you
  want to ride to Lordsburg. We're full up inside. You'll have to ride on top," the
  driver said in a high-pitched, squeaky voice.  
 "That fine with me."  
 She fished a handful of coins from her pocket to pay him.  
 "Give me your saddle and I'll help you up. They call me 'Buck.'"  
 "I'm Jaime."  
 For those of your wondering why Sheriff Curley Wilcox wasn't riding shotgun,
  the answer is simple: He was out chasing after the Ringo Kid.  
 Buck flicked the reins while the blonde settled down on the hard top of
  the stage. From her vantage point, Jaime watched the horizon for some sign
  of pursuit. There was none, but she knew they could not be far behind.  
 And you may wonder who filled the interior of the coach, forcing blonde
  Jaime to ride on top? There were six, four females and two males. Two females
  traveled together. The males accompanied the other two females. All the females
  of course were young, beautiful, and sexy, or there would be no point to the
  story.  
 So we have five females traveling by stagecoach. By the end of the day I
  wonder how many will be wearing a slave collar?  
 After a ride of six or eight kilometers, they reached the next waystation.
  There the horses would be changed and the passengers permitted to stretch their
  legs before the journey continued.  
 As it was though, all the passengers left the coach. None were continuing
  on to Lordsburg.  
 Jaime's reason for leaving the stage was clear. Lordsburg was the next town.
  That had to be the destination of the Musketeers searching for her. There had
  to be a coach going in a different direction. If not, she would hide until
  the pursuers left for Lordsburg, then she would buy (or steal) a horse and
  ride for Tonto. That would throw them off her track.  
 Activity on the porch drew the attention of everyone. They had started up
  the six steps toward the front door when movement to their left drew their
  attention. Two naked slave girls knelt bound, gagged and blindfolded on pedestals
  while a third was being prepared.  
 The unfortunate captive wore only high-heeled sandals and a leather slave
  collar. As the passengers paused to watch, two men formed her long dark hair
  into pigtails high on the back of her head. The two then lifted the little
  slave girl in the air, setting her down so one knee rested on each pedestal
  before her. In this position, her legs were spread far apart.  
 They had shaved her pussy so nothing interfered with their view of the most
  private part of her body.  
 She was a slave girl &ndash; she had to get used to this.  
 The captive was incapable of resisting as she wore a singleglove that kept
  her arms secured behind her back. While one man stood before her to hold her
  body steady, the other attached a chain to the ring at the end of the bondage
  device. He let the chain drop down to the floor where there was a ring mounted
  in the floor, but he did nothing with the chain yet.  
 First he attached a leather band to the right pigtail. Pulling a light chain
  down from an overhead pulley, he attached the hook at the end to a ring on
  the leather band. He left that chain dangle also while he fastened a large
  leather band about the captive's left ankle. He next threaded the end of the
  chain though a ring on this latter strap, pulling it tight and hooking it to
  a link.  
 It took him only seconds to repeat the process, running a chain between
  the left pigtail and the right ankle.  
 He turned his attention back to the chain connecting the beautiful captive's
  right pigtail to her left ankle. By moving the hook up two more links, he forced
  her to stretch out her body so she could not move it at all. He repeated the
  process with the other chain.  
 Squatting behind the naked slave girl, he threaded the chain from her singleglove
  through that ring on the floor. By pulling on it, he forced her body down.
  When he secured the hook at the end to one of the links, the captive could
  not move at all. Her hands were imprisoned in leather. Her feet were twisted
  around so she would pull her hair if she tried to move them. The light chain
  kept her feet pressed tightly against her bottomcheeks.  
 A ballgag harness kept her mouth clamped down tightly on the rubber ball
  filling her mouth. The chinstrap kept her teeth biting into the rubber.  
 One last item was a black leather blindfold. A strap about her head kept
  the leather pads pressed against her eyes, so she could not every open them.  
 "Look at this," said one of the women, a black-haired beauty named Annette
  d'Isis. Her companion moved closer.  
 Annette placed her index finger on the captive's pussy. Very gently she
  rubbed her finger forward and back along the captive's left pussy lip. Slowly
  her nipples became hard and pointed.  
 "That's the only part of her body that can move, and she has no control
  over it."  
 "How do you know that?" asked her companion, Jeanne Moore.  
 A good question. How does she know that?  
 "Come on," was Annette's answer. She did not want Jeanne thinking too much.  
 Jaime moved to the end of the porch to look for some sign of pursuit, but
  there still was none. When she turned, Annette and Jeanne had already disappeared
  inside. The two men were conducting a thorough inspection of the slave girl's
  exposed body. The two remaining women were with them. One pulled on the sleeve
  of another to get her to go inside.  
 "We'll see you guys inside."  
 So how does a beautiful young woman moved from one town to another? More
  importantly, how does she do it without becoming a slave girl?  
 Yvette Young had the answer.  
 Only Yvette and her best friend Courtney Cousins knew why they were there.
  The two guys had come along for protection for Courtney.  
 Yvette needed none.  
 The men followed the two into the waystation and immediately went into the
  bar to have a drink. They knew Yvette was paying.  
 Courtney stood back, trying to blend into the scenery as Yvette rented a
  room upstairs.  
 "Come on."  
 Without waiting for a response, the tall blonde started for the steps. She
  had been here before. This was an old routine to her.  
 "Do you know what you are doing?" her friend asked once they were far enough
  from the desk so no one would over hear.  
 "Of course. I have done this often before."  
 The room Yvette had rented was on the third floor of the inn.  
 Courtney sat in a chair and watched Yvette strip down naked. The tall blonde
  proceeded to put on a pink and white satin garter belt. She sat on the edge
  of the bed to pull the beige stockings up. Smoothing them out with both hands,
  she attached the tops to tabs at the end of the straps hanging down from the
  garter belt. She did not have to adjust the length of the straps. She had warned
  this garter belt often before. Everything was adjusted for her already  
 The next step was to put on the pink, patent leather sandals with the 15-centimeter
  stiletto heels.  
 Yvette walked across the room and back to get accustomed to the high heels.
  Courtney watched with her mouth open in surprise.  
 "How can you walk in those things?"  
 "I've practiced enough. You should try it."  
 Courtney replied with a silent shake of her head. She still could not believe
  her friend was going to do this even though Yvette had told tales of doing
  it many times before.  
 "Don't they&hellip;make you do things?"  
 The tall blonde smiled as she turned to walk back across the room. She had
  much experience in wearing high heels, so much that she knew she could get
  around without turning an ankle. She wanted to insure they were on correctly.  
 "I told you. There are perks."  
 Courtney felt uncomfortable watching her friend parade around before her
  wearing only the garterbelt and stockings. It was though the tall blonde thought
  she was a slave girl. She was glad when Yvette pulled out the black satin panties.  
She stuck them between her legs, pulling two corners up on her right thigh.
  She tied to strings together in a bow, before turning her attention to the
  other side. The blonde repeated the process over there, and then turned her
  attention back to the right side. She worked back and forth without any help
  from Courtney. She had done this often before so she knew how to adjust them
  so they were perfect.  
We've seen this type of panty before. A tug on either bow would cause them
  to flutter to the ground.  
It was almost as though the beautiful woman wanted someone to remove them.  
 The next item was the pink satin miniskirt. We have seen this type of miniskirt
  before also. It was short and flared. If Yvette bend over at all, the black
  satin panties would be visible.  
 The only remaining item was the pink satin halter-top. It took her only
  a couple of minutes to fit the satin cups over her large titties. One set of
  strings was tied together in a bow at the nape of her neck. The other two were
  behind her back. She then adjusted her boobs so they fit properly in the cups.  
 It was the same as with the panties. Once tug on the upper bow were cause
  the garment to fall away, exposing her titties.  
 Pulling the pins from her hair, she all-out her blonde hair to cascade down
  over her shoulders.  
 She shook her head, letting her hair flow freely. She spread her fingers
  wide as she ran them through her hair.  
 Turning to her friend, hands on hip, she said, "Well, I'm already."  
 Courtney was becoming bored with this whole procedure. Yvette could get
  in trouble if she did this to herself in town, which was why they had to go
  to this tavern twenty kilometers outside the city walls. Unfortunately, that
  meant that Courtney's day was ruined. She spent a couple hours riding out,
  an hour or two at the cavern, and another two hours riding back. There was
  little time to do much else.  
 She decided this day to get her revenge.  
 "Can I put the gag and handcuffs on you?"  
 "I guess so."  
 "You do the collar though."  
 Courtney was thinking as though they were still in town where she could
  get in trouble by putting a slave girl collar on a free woman without the proper
  papers. The whole point of coming out here was to evade the technicalities
  of the law.  
 Yvette slid the leather slave collar about her neck, sticking the tab in
  the buckle on the other and. The device locked automatically. It was easy enough
  to unlock, if one had the key. Also, if one was not helplessly bound.  
 And other words, once a slave collar was on, it would not come off.  
 She held up the handcuffs for Courtney to see.  
 "I'm ready for you."  
 The young woman bounded to her feet with anticipation. She worked key in
  the keyhole to open both cuffs.  
 As she did that, Yvette turned to face in the other direction with her hands
  behind her back. Courtney quickly fitted a steel cuff about the blonde's left
  wrist and squeezed it shut. Pulling Yvette's right hand to the left, she slid
  it inside the steel cuff. Once she had the circle of steel around her wrist,
  Yvette was hopelessly bound.  
 Wearing a slave collar and bound, she was completely at Courtney's mercy  
 "Where's the gag?"  
 "On the bed."  
 Courtney picked up the ballgag with her right hand. Her left encircled Yvette's
  head. Pulling, she first forced the captive to tilt her head back. Yvette already
  had her mouth opened as wide as she could, as she wanted the rubber ball in
  her mouth. The brunette slipped the rubber ball between the blonde's teeth
  before letting go of her head. She turned Yvette to the side so the captive
  faced away from her. Pushing through the long blonde tresses with both hands,
  she flicked Yvette's hair over both shoulders so she had access to the nape
  of her neck. Quickly she threaded the working end through the buckle on the
  other end.  
 Anyone taking a look at Yvette would never guess she was not a slave girl.
  She wore the slave collar of a slave girl, and she was dressed as a slave girl.
  She was bound as a slave girl, and with that rubber ball filling her mouth,
  she certainly could not utter any protest.  
 The only thing that kept her from being a slave girl was Courtney.  
 Courtney was her friend. Courtney would not do that. Of course, Courtney
  wanted to have some fun with her.  
 "I know the routine. Take you downstairs?"  
 The beautiful blonde nodded. With the rubber ball filling her mouth, she
  could not answer.  
 The only item remaining on the bed was the chain leash that Courtney picked
  up. Yvette raised her chin to make it easier for her friend to attach the end
  of the chain to the ring on the front of her collar.  
"You're not in the right position. Kneel."  
Yvette realized her friend was playing with her. Carefully she lowered her
  left knee to the floor, then brought her right down to join it. She stared
  straight ahead as Courtney circled around her.  
After making two circuits, she attached the end of the leash to the collar.  
Once she had done that, she had an easy way of controlling Yvette's movements.
  The captive could not resist.  
"On your fee, Slave Girl."  
Courtney's was open in awe as the tall blonde quickly came to her feet despite
  the high heels and having her hands cuffed behind her back. She realized that
  Yvette had not been lying to her. She did have a lot of experience doing this.  
 When Courtney headed for the door to the room, Yvette followed, her hips
  wiggling from side to side with each step. She knew how to act as she had masqueraded
  as a slave girl several times before without any suspecting otherwise.  
 The two guys were there to provide safety for Courtney. They might wonder
  what happened to Yvette. Courtney could not afford to let them see her like
  this. When Yvette made it back to town, she would never live this down.  
 Yvette had already briefed Courtney on the story to tell the guys. She had
  to make certain that they did not associate this beautiful, sexy slave girl
  with their friend.  
 As soon as they were in the hall, Courtney attached the end of the leash
  to the ring on the wall. She then went back into the room to get the valise
  that Yvette had used to carry her bondage equipment. She closed door and left.  
 She paused immediately behind Yvette. The brunette stared at the ring on
  the wall is any proper slave girl would do. She could not tell if someone was
  watching. Courtney glanced in one direction than the other. No one was in the
  corridor. It was important that none of the guys see her with the slave girl.
  Some one might put one and one together and not come up with eleven. Someone
  else would have to bring the tall blonde downstairs.  
As Courtney leaned forward to whisper in Yvette's ear, she put the valise
  on the floor behind the captive. This freed both hands so she could and reach
  under her short skirt with both.  
 "Have fun." She whispered in Yvette's ear.  
 A jerk on the working end of each bow caused the panties to flutter freely
  to the floor.  
 Yvette uttered a grant of protest, but there was nothing she could do.  
 Courtney stuffed the panties in the valise before heading down the hall
  with it. She knew they had an hour or so before the arrival of the next coach
  came heading toward town. She would have a drink or two with the guys, and
  maybe with a little luck would witness some of Yvette's humiliation.  
 Oh, yes, it Yvette wanted to act like a slave girl, she would insure that
  she was treated as one.  
 What more perfect way is therefore a young woman to travel from one town
  to another than disguised as a slave girl? As a valuable piece of property,
  she would be well guarded during the whole journey. The only risk was being
  freed at the other end. That was not Courtney's responsibility. Yvette had
  a friend Sandy who would do that.  
 What could possibly go along with this plan?  
 Yvette stayed in the hallway with her legs spread far apart. This was the
  proper position for a slave girl, and she did not want to draw any attention
  to herself. Occasionally someone would walk by, and the captive to board bend
  over just a little, so the passerby could see her pussy.  
 While Courtney had been busy turning Yvette into a slave girl, Jaime was
  downstairs in the tavern fingering the pouch of diamonds in her pocket as she
  sipped on her drink. She had already turned down two offers of drinks from
  gentleman. They would only become more persistent.  
 Abruptly, she left the bar, heading toward the back of the inn. At the first
  set of stairs she mounted them. She was halfway down the corridor on the third
  floor when someone accosted her.  
 "May I help you?"  
 "I'm looking for a way to the roof. I&hellip;I want to get a look at the
  view."  
 "It's only desert out there. Down at the end of this corridor, turn right.
  The door to the roof is locked, just make certain you lock it when you come
  down."  
 The buxom blonde tried not to appear anxious as she made her way to the
  roof. Once there, it took only half a second for her to realize her worse fear.  
 There was dust on the horizon in the direction of Emerald City.  
 The King's Musketeers were coming. She had less than an hour before they
  arrived.  
 They would be looking for a blonde traveling by herself.  
 She had to find some way to hide.  
 Jaime hit upon a plan. Granted, it was not a very good plan, but she was
  rapidly running out of options. She rushed down to the front desk to rent a
  room. That gave her a private place to put her plan into action. A few quick
  purchases and she was ready to move on to the hardest part of her plan.  
 She needed the cooperation of someone.  
 She ran into Courtney heading toward the front desk.  
 "I'm playing a trick on someone and I wonder if you could help me?"  
 "If I can."  
 "I'm going to dress up as a slave girl. How long are you going to be here?"  
 "The stage isn't due for two hours."  
 That wasn't true. She had lost track of the time. She was not evil, just
  a ditz.  
 "Before you leave, you just free me. I'll give you a thalen when you let
  me go."  
 "Okay. What do I do?"  
 "I rented a room, Room 306. Give me a few minutes to get dressed and come
  back there."  
 Jaime had managed to buy a slave girl's outfit she could wear without arousing
  any suspicions. First she hid her money under the mattress. She did not want
  Courtney to rob her and run off. She would have to free her to get paid.  
 The problem was the diamonds. They were far too valuable to allow them to
  lie around. She tossed the bag up and down in her hand a few times before a
  solution presented itself.  
 Spreading her legs, she gently shoved the bag into her pussy.  
 "As long as no one tries to use me, I'll be okay."  
 Since she was not going to leave the room, she had nothing to worry about.  
 The first item she put on was a pink and white garterbelt. She used it to
  hold up the sheer black stockings. The pink satin panties matched the shade
  of pink in the garterbelt. Actually, except for the stockings, her whole ensemble
  was the same shade of pink.  
 She slipped her feet into the patent leather sandals with the fifteen-centimeter
  stiletto high heels. A pair of straps across her foot insured they would not
  come off.  
 The flared miniskirt barely covered her ass. The satin halter-top barely
  covered those massive mammaries.  
 Jamie went to the ubiquitous full-length mirror on one of the walls. She
  stared at her reflection in the mirror. What she saw was the image of a very
  sexy slave girl. Slowly she turned to get a look at her reflection. Standing
  with her back to the mirror, she looked over her shoulder at her reflection.  
 She adjusted the fit of the halter top on her oversized boobs to reveal
  more of the curve of her titties. She wanted to look as sexy as possible. Once
  done, she looked at her reflection again.  
 "You are one hot slave girl," she said loud to her reflection.  
 Suddenly it dawned on her what she said, on what she had done. Quickly she
  pulled the satin to cover as much flesh as she could.  
 This was a slave girl's outfit and Jaime had really big boobs. The outfit
  did not cover much of her body.  
 Courtney arrived at the room as the buxom paraded around, trying to get
  used to those high heels.  
 "What do you want me to do?"  
 "Really nothing now. I'm going to tether myself here in the room. Just come
  and let me go."  
 The buxom blonde had all the necessary bondage accessories. She fastened
  a black leather slave collar about her neck. The rubber ball of the ballgag
  matched the pink of her clothing. She pulled the ends of the leather strap
  behind her head to buckle them together but found it hard to do. Courtney came
  to her feet to help.  
Once the gag and collar were buckled, Jaime no longer needed access to the
  back of her neck. She pulled the pins that allow her blonde tresses to fall
  down.  
 "Now you look like a slave girl."  
 "Gaggggg, Gggggag, Gaggg,"  
 Jaime tried to warn her about getting any ideas, but she was just about
  at the point where her fate was totally in the young woman's hands.  
 "Let me help you with these."  
 Having done it to Yvette a few minutes before, Courtney saw herself as an
  expert at putting the cuffs on another woman.  
 "Now the leash."  
 There were many places around the room where someone could tether a slave
  girl. Courtney attached one end of a leash to the blonde's collar and led her
  to the ring next to the door. They had mounted the ring a couple meters above
  the floor so any captive with her hands bound behind her back could not reach
  it. As a result there was no need to lock the chain in place. Simply hooking
  the clasp to it would keep the captive tethered.  
 "The stagecoach should be along in an hour and a half. I'll come get you
  in about an hour and fifteen minutes."  
 That was not giving her much time, but Jaime hoped the musketeers would
  be gone by then. They would check the inn, then head on toward Lordsburg. Even
  if they caught up with the stage and Buck told them about the passenger he
  had picked up, the stage for Tonto would already had left. They would assume
  she had taken it.  
 Courtney left the room, closing the door behind her.  
 Five women on the stagecoach and we have two bound as slave girls. Courtney
  appears to be the binder. What about the other two?  
The presence of those naked slave girls on the porch worried Jeanne more
  than she was willing to admit. She thought about saying something to Annette,
  but their presence on the porch did not seem to bother her friend.  
 Well, perhaps friend was the best word to use. Perhaps, "acquaintance" was
  a better word to use. They had met only a couple weeks before. There were three
  of them, Jeanne, Annette and Irene. Irene had not been able to come.  
 "I made all the arrangements. Things are a little slow now so we got immediately
  service."  
 Annette had assured her that this inn had the best mineral spa about. "Spend
  an hour in the water, and I swear you will have twice the energy you have now!"  
 The brunette had coupons that would give them a discount if three went.
  At the last minute Irene had backed out.  
 "Can we afford this now? The coupons are for three."  
 "Sure. They will find someone who is by herself and give her a share of
  our discount. It will work out to everyone advantage. This place is very accommodating."  
 Yeah, Jeanne was not that bright.  
 While Annette had disappeared down the dark corridor leading to the rear
  of the inn, she had stood near the front desk, staring into the tavern. There
  was something about this place that did not seem right. The plan was for them
  to soak in the mineral bath for an hour, and then get massage. Another coach
  heading back to Tonto was due to come by in the morning.  
 "We'll have plenty of time," Annette assured her.  
 Jeanne was dressed in the demure attire of any free woman. The skirt was
  ankle length. The white cotton blouse was long-sleeved with a high neckline.
  She had her black hair pinned to the back of her head.  
 "I have room 4. You have room 3. Change into the bathing attire in the closet
  and wrap the robe about you. Just follow the corridor to the back where the
  mineral bath is. I bet I beat you there."  
 They started down the corridor.  
 "There is something about this place&hellip;"  
 "I've been here half a dozen times. It's fine."  
 "Still&hellip;"  
 "Here are our rooms. Do you want me to wait for you?"  
 "Would you?"  
 "I'll change and wait for you right here."  
 Jeanne felt better as she opened the door to the room, but she only felt
  better for half a second. As she stepped inside, a set of arms pinned her arms
  to her sides.  
Slave Girls in Bondage  
Chapter 77  
Jeanne opened her mouth to scream but another set of hands rammed a pair
  of nylon panties between her lips. She tried at first to reach her mouth. When
  that failed she tried to push the cloth from her mouth with her tongue. By
  then it was too late. Duct tape across her mouth insured her silence.  
 She tried to resist, but what could she do?  
They pushed her to the floor, being careful not to hurt her. If she were
  injured in any way, it would decrease her value.  
She tried to kick, but a pair of legs pinned her own legs to the floor. The
  pair of arms holding arms drew them behind her back and held them together.
  Since the panties and duct tape made it impossible for her to make a sound
  above a muffled grunt, the second set of hands had no need to cover her mouth.  
That set of hands jerked a cord free from a belt. One, two, three loops about
  the beautiful brunette's crossed wrists. The ends of the cord were then passed
  between her arms and her hands to cinch those first three loops. She would
  not be able to escape in any case, but it was ridiculous to take unnecessary
  risks. In seconds they had her hands tied together behind her back.  
They pushed her down so she lay facedown on the floor.  
 A knee to the back kept the beautiful brunette from moving as they turned
  their attention to her feet. It took them only second to loop a cord about
  her ankles. Three more loops did the job. Once cinched, she could not separate
  her legs at all.  
 The hands then drew the beautiful brunette into a kneeling position. This
  gave them access to her entire upper body. Another cord encircled her upper
  body below her large tits. After three passes, the hands tied a simple square
  knot in back. Three more times the cord encircled her upper body, only this
  time above her tits. This time they looped the ends of the cord about the captive's
  upper arms. As they pulled on the ends, they drew her elbows together.  
 So they had Jeanne helplessly bound, but they were not finished with her.
  Running one end of the cord halfway around her body, they cinched those six
  loops by passing the ends under her arms. When pulled tight and tied, Jeanne
  had no use of her arms at all.  
 Though two people had bound Jeanne, a third waited in the room in case they
  needed assistance. They never did though. They had done this so often they
  moved as a well-oiled machine. A young woman entered the room of her own volition
  and left it as a helplessly bound captive.  
 "Do you want me to carry her?" the third person asked.  
 "We've done all the work so far," came the sarcastic reply.  
 The person who had initially grabbed the beautiful captive was a man. He
  drew Jeanne to her feet. The second person, a woman, was already walking toward
  the door to the next room. The third person, also a man, squatted a little
  so he could sling Jeanne over a shoulder.  
 Annette was in the next room with the rest of the group. They called themselves
  the "Committee of Acquisitions." Those naked slave girls out on the porch were
  their latest "acquisitions."  
 Jeanne was next on the list.  
 They set the captive down in front of Annette.  
 "As you have no doubt guessed by now, there is no spa here. There are only
  slavers and guess who their prey is?" the beautiful brunette taunted her.  
 Jeanne turned her head to the side but could not stop Annette to tapping
  her on the nose with her index finger as she asked that question.  
 "For the next hour, they are going to spank you. At that time you will be
  permitted to beg to be a slave girl."  
 With a nod, Annette signaled them that they could move Jeanne to her next
  location. This was to the right of a straight-backed chair. Half a meter from
  the chair was a ring set in the floor. They set the beautiful captive down
  so one foot was on either side of that ring. While one person held her body
  in position another tied a cord between her ankles and the ring, giving lots
  of slack.  
 "It gets so tedious beating free woman until they want to be slave girls.
  I hope you don't mind if they made a little game out of it."  
 Not that Jeanne was in any position to protest.  
 Each member of the committee added a pfenning to the kitty. They then drew
  cards. The high card won. Whoever was the last to get a shot at the captive's
  fanny won the kitty?  
 Jeanne ignored them as she struggled with her bondage. Even if she got partway
  free, no one was going to help her at this inn. She was doomed. She just did
  not realize it yet.  
 The winner sat in the chair before her. Jeanne stared in horror at the man
  as he smiled at her. Leaning toward her, he grabbed the hem of her long skirt
  and pulled up. Of course she tried to resist, but seriously, bound as she was,
  how could she do anything? When he had it up about her hips, he pulled her
  forward so she lay across his lap, her fanny on his thighs.  
 "You know, there is a lot to be said about cotton panties."  
 Grabbing them by the waistband, he pulled them down to reveal the brunette's
  bottomcheeks.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 They all laughed at Jeanne's feeble protests. All their captives protested
  long and not quite loud at their treatment.  
 The initial punishment was ten swats with the bare hand to each bottomcheek.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 He alternated, one blow to the right check, one blow to the left.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 Jeanne bucked and wiggled in a futile attempt to evade the blows.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 Of course she tried to scream through her gag, but the sound of his hand
  hitting her bottom and the laughter of the spectators masked it.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 The pristine whiteness of her fanny acquired a pinkish glow as he finished.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 When he finished, he pushed her back so she stood beside the chair. Gravity
  had pulled the long skirt down to her knees. He pulled it up so he could draw
  her panties up to the proper position. The next spanker would have the pleasure
  of pulling them down. He then tugged down on the skirt to insure it was down
  all the way.  
 "Next!"  
 This time they added two pfennings to the kitty. The next turn it would
  be three. Each time it would increase by a pfenning until only one person had
  not had a turn. That remaining person would win the kitty.  
 Now, the discerning reader probably wonders how they can force a woman to
  submit to a slave collar in an hour by whacking her with a bare hand.  
 The answer is: they don't.  
 If a person draws a high card a second time, he or she, uses a small wood
  paddle about fifteen centimeters in diameter. The third time, they use a willowy
  switch. In an hour, maybe an hour and a half, any captive would beg for a collar
  just to get the punishment to end.  
 Since she was not a member of the committee, Annette did not participate.
  She was an independent contractor, hired by the committee to deliver the good.
  With drink in hand, she watched as they slowly beat the beautiful brunette
  into submission.  
 "You know, we contracted for two," the treasurer of the Committee commented
  to her after she had taken her turn beating Jeanne's fanny.  
 "The other girl backed out at the last minute," she said without taking
  her eyes off Jeanne's bare bottom. Almost all of it was a beautiful shade of
  dark pink. The members of the Committee certainly knew how to direct their
  blows.  
 "You owe us for one."  
 "I'll get another. It may take a while. I'm having trouble finding women
  dumb enough to believe this."  
 "Just remember, you owe us for one."  
 The treasurer moved on to the chairman who watched Jeanne's punishment with
  a little smirk on his face.  
 "She said she has trouble recruiting candidates."  
 "I would say she has outlived her usefulness," he remarked as he took a
  sip from his drink. He did not take his eyes off Jeanne's bottom.  
 "I concur."  
Courtney had had quite an eventful day. She certainly was not mistress, but
  already she had help bind two beautiful young women as slave girls. If she
  hummed as she walked down the corridor, she certainly had reason to be happy.
  This was a sense of power she had never before experienced.  
Before going into the bar, she stopped at the desk to made arrangements for
  her slave girl to be transported to another town. The innkeeper also was an
  agent of the transport company. Not only did stagecoaches come through his
  waystation, dropping off some passengers, picking up others, but the same happened
  to slave girls.  
Perhaps one was being sent from one town to another. If there was no direct
  wagon going that way, they would leave the cute captive at the waystation until
  one did come by.  
Yvette knew the schedule, so she knew when the next wagon she wanted to be
  on was leaving. She would have several hours to wait, but before the day was
  over, she would be in the wagon, moving safely toward her destination.  
"She's been such a good little girl lately, I think she deserves a reward.
  While she waits, why don't you tether her down here in the lobby so others
  can enjoy her."  
Now Yvette said nothing about that. But you have to wonder if she would object.  
The arrangements made, Courtney entered the bar. She convinced the two guys
  to move from the bar to a table. Where she sat she could watch the show in
  the lobby.  
 After a few minutes, a clerk came up to get Yvette. He said nothing to her
  since she was only a slave girl. He simply removed the end of the leash from
  the ring on the wall and used it to lead her down the hall. The captive followed,
  staring down at the floor. She did not want to draw attention to herself. She
  wanted everyone to think that she was a submissive slave girl.  
 She expected to be taken to the kennel in back, or perhaps immediately move
  to be slave corral. Instead, she was taken to the front desk. The clerk had
  other things to do, and he knew that the coffle would not be leaving for another
  two hours. Sometime before then someone from the drayage company would stop
  by to check for any cargo being added to complement.  
 He led her around in a tight circle so she faced the bar. The wall extended
  only a few meters from the back wall. From the end of the wall to the entrance
  there was a low wall a few centimeters less than a meter high. He freed her
  hands so she could place her hands on top this low wall. Manacles secured her
  wrists to the wall. He locked her leash to a ring on the wall. Okay, you have
  already guessed &ndash; that is why the wall was constructed the way it was.
  Frequently masters or mistresses would tether slave girls there so other could
  partake of their charms.  
 The tall blonde stood bent over with her legs spread far apart. Anyone passing
  by the front desk could see her pussy.  
 In that position, it was an invitation to be used.  
 Yvette raised her head to see Courtney seated a few meters before her. Her
  friend smiled, and raised her glass in a mock toast.  
 Yvette felt her nipples becoming hard and pointed. She knew her friend had
  them place her here so she could be used as a slave girl. Courtney thought
  she was playing a trick on her. She did not know that the tall blonde hoped
  something like this would happen, only she was too embarrassed to ask her friend
  to bind her in this place. This was one of the perks of traveling this way.  
 After half an hour, a mistress arrived to pick up any slave girls needing
  transportation. She led Yvette from the build through a side entrance.  
 Yvette was a slave girl. She was not allowed to use the front door. She
  could only used the slave entrance.  
 Immediately outside there were two other slaves. The mistress attached Yvette's
  leash to the ring on the back of the collar of the one on the left. She then
  repeated the process between the two of them. At the end of the line, the beautiful
  blonde followed her around the building to the front.  
They were not ready to go to the camp. The mistress wanted a drink before
  starting out. She attached the leash of the lead slave girl to a ring on her
  saddle. Knowing that the three helpless captives were going nowhere tethered
  as she had them. She had tied her horse's reins to a hitching rail. None of
  the slave girls could reach it.  
Everything was going the way Yvette had planned.  
Annette's plan seemed to be going well (though we are aware of a hitch).  
Jaime's plan seems to be going okay.  
Or is it?  
As Yvette stood patiently outside the waystation, the stagecoach to Tonto
  arrived almost an hour earlier.  
That should be good news. Everyone can reach his or her destination sooner.  
Whoops!  
Courtney is only half done with her drink when the driver stepped inside.  
"I'm running ahead of schedule. The coach for Tonto leaves in five minutes."  
Everyone was up and moving for the door. Courtney took one last gulp as she
  came to her feet.  
Now what about Jaime?  
Courtney really isn't evil, she is just a ditz. It never occurred to her
  until they were several kilometers away that she had promised to release Jaime.
  She thought about it for several seconds, worried about it for several minutes,
  then promptly forgot about her.  
Think about Yvette. There she is wearing that abbreviated pink slave girl's
  outfit, her long legs totally visible. Her three friends came down the steps
  past her. As a good little slave girl she had to try to catch their attention
  by looking each in the eye.  
She was only a slave girl so no one recognized her, not even Courtney. She
  was only another voluptuous body wearing a minimal amount of satin.  
The tall blonde did not look back as she heard the sounds of the driver urging
  the horses forward. She was on her own, but she had done this often before.
  While she knew she was really not a slave girl, she had learned to think of
  herself as one.  
Several minutes after the coach left, the mistress who had left her there
  emerged from the front door. She mounted her horse without saying anything
  to her charges. Her camp lay in the opposite direction from where the coach
  had gone.  
Yvette moved when the slave girls ahead of her moved. Helplessly bound as
  she was, she could only go where others wanted her to go. She knew the futility
  of resisting.  
 Down on the first floor, Jeanne's torment was coming to an end. The brunette
  no longer struggled when a switch struck her bottom. She had accepted her fate.
  They continued to beat her fanny though, not to force her to do anything, but
  rather for the sheer pleasure of it.  
 Once untied, she stripped down naked. On all fours she crawled to the woman
  who had won the kitty. Leaning forward to place her neck in the collar, it
  took only seconds to make her officially a slave girl.  
 The tape came off and the panties came out as they bound her hands behind
  her back.  
 "Now thank me for turning you into a slave girl." She gripped the captive
  by the chin. "Or do I have to take you over my lap again?"  
 Jeanne's inexperienced tongue licked the woman's pussy. When she was done,
  they placed a ballgag in her mouth.  
 She screamed through the gag as the woman gave her the ritual first spanking
  as a slave girl. The others had spanked this beautiful captive more often than
  she had. She had swats to make up for.  
 Back on her knees, Jeanne used her tongue to thank the woman for spanking
  her.  
 She then repeated the ritual for each man and woman on the committee, using
  her mouth and tongue to thank them first for enslaving her, and then for spanking
  her.  
 By the time they finished with her, the beautiful brunette could envisioned
  no other life for her than that of a slave girl. Everyone man and woman in
  that room was superior to her; every man and woman in that room was a free
  man or woman.  
She lay helplessly on her back while they shaved her pussy. She was glad
  there was no one else about to see her humiliation as they did this task.  
 It was a totally submissive Jeanne who paraded out to the porch to take
  her place with the other newly collared slave girls. She wore a black leather
  singleglove and matching patent leather shoes.  
 She allowed them to place her knees on the pedestals. They then attached
  the straps and chains as they had the other slave girls. Bound as the others
  were, she could not move any part of her body.  
 "I think you could come to love this position, Slave Girl Jeanne," Annette
  said as she rubbed one pussy lip until Jeanne's nipples became hard and pointed.  
 "Can you come back? We want to discuss another business deal with you," the
  chairman asked with a polite smile.  
 In the room upstairs, Jaime had not yet realized that her plan had gone
  awry. She played with her handcuffs, just to insure herself that she was helplessly
  bound. Occasionally she stepped back to make the chain taut, just to assure
  herself that she could not wander off.  
 The purpose of slave girl accoutrements was to render the captive helpless
  so she could not resist. Such a situation not only made the luscious captive
  susceptible to the slightest whims of those about her, it also served as a
  constant reminder of her position in life. When a beautiful woman spends hours
  helplessly bound and gagged, she cannot help but think herself a slave girl.  
 Half a kilometer away, Yvette had reached the slavers' temporary camp alongside
  the road. Some of the slave girls were parading around in a coffle behind a
  guard on horseback. They were exercising their captives. Like all good masters
  and mistresses, they knew how to take care of their valuable property.  
The slave girls who had not behaved during the journey thus far this day
  remained bound in the wagons. As an additional punishment each wore a black
  leather blindfold.  
 Yvette and her two companions were lined up on the other side of the road,
  facing away from the road and the camp. As good little slave girls, each stood
  her with legs spread far apart.  
 "Move forward. A little more. A little more."  
 She felt them removing her handcuffs.  
 "Bend over, hands on the rail."  
 Midway between the road and the fence, there was a set of parallel rails,
  each about a quarter of a meter high. Yvette bent over to place her hands on
  the far rail. Quickly the guard tied a cord about each wrist and looped it
  about the rail so she could not pull her hands away, or straighten up. Other
  cords secured her ankles to stakes in the ground so she could not bring her
  legs together.  
 The rail nearer the road made it impossible for the tall blonde to bend
  her knees.  
 There she stood, he legs spread, offering her pussy to any man who came
  down the road. Now to a free woman, this would be a terrible punishment, but
  to a slave girl, this was a reward. Yvette wished she could do something to
  attract the attention of every man who happened by, but the decision to be
  used was not hers. If a man wanted to use her, he would. She had no say in
  the matter.  
Back at the waystation, Annette fought in vain against the ropes binding
  her arms to her body. They had bound her as they had Jeanne. Once they had
  her wrists tied together behind her back, they looped cords about her upper
  body to pin her arms against her back. Passing more cords under her arms, they
  cinched those first loops so she had no movement at all.  
She continued to struggle in hopes of escaping them. She had seen Jeanne
  and half a dozen others bound like this. She should have known that she would
  never be able to escape. Still, she tried.  
 The effect of these ropes was to pull her top snugly across her bosom.  
 That was not what they were concerned about, at least not yet.  
 Their immediate attention was on her bottom.  
 One of the women won the right to deliver the first blows. She unbuckled
  the belt so she could pull the captive's pants down. Annette tried to resist
  by pressing her knees together, but it was too late.  
 The woman grabbed her by the hips to pull her forward. Annette fell forward
  across the woman's lap, her face ending up near the floor. She felt the woman's
  hands on her panties, then on her bare bottom. The woman played with her bottomcheeks,
  pinching them gently so Annette knew the woman could do with her as she wished.  
 Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!  
 She resolved not to give them the satisfaction of seeing her resist. She
  lay there limply as the woman continued to pound away at her cheeks.  
 Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!  
 One check, then the other.  
 Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!  
 She knew where the next blow would fall.  
 Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!  
 She could not do anything to stop it.  
 Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!  
 The woman pulled her upright by the shoulders.  
 "You have such a nice bush here," the woman said as she twisted Annette's
  pubic hair about her index finger. "Too bad it has to go."  
 The other laughed. Annette stood there passively as the woman pulled her
  panties up, patting her on the bottom when they were in place.  
 A man won the next draw. His blows were harder and more methodical. At the
  end of the twenty swats, Annette was sobbing.  
 She cried harder and writhed in her bondage at the blows of the third and
  four persons.  
 The man who had been Annette's second tormentor drew the high card next.
  He was allowed to use a paddle.  
 Annette tried to keep from being pulled down over his lap, but what could
  she do. She felt his hands pulled down her panties to reveal her bottom, now
  a nice shade of pink.  
 Whop!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 The bottom check wobbled from the impact of the blow. He took his time to
  allow her to think about the next blow.  
 Whop!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 She tried to push herself off his lap.  
 Whop!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 He had his arm about her hips to hold her in place.  
 Whop!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 The twenty blows would fall on her bottom, and they had her bound so she
  could do absolutely nothing to stop them.  
 Annette continued to receive barehanded swats until all the members of the
  committee had the opportunity to spank her. By then, she received many blows
  from the paddle.  
 Then came the blows from the switch.  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 By then she only wanted the ability to beg to be a slave girl, but they
  were having too much fun. They continued to flail away at her bottom as long
  as they liked.  
 It seemed to Annette to be days later when they allowed her to kneel before
  a woman. Slowly she moved her upper body forward and down so she could place
  her throat against the leather slave collar.  
 In seconds she was their property.  
 The ballgag came out for her to use her tongue on the woman's pussy to thank
  her for turning her into a slave girl. It went back in for the ritual spanking.
  Then it came out again so the beautiful brunette could use her tongue again
  to thank the woman for spanking her.  
 A man replaced the woman in the chair. Annette sucked his cock until he
  came. Her jaw ached as she took her place over his lap so he could spank her.
  She then found herself back on her knees so she could use her mouth to thank
  him for the spanking. She did not see how she could make him come again, but
  she was too frightened of them using a paddle or switch on her bottom to refuse.  
 After Annette had showed everyone just have submissive she wanted to be,
  it was time to put her on display.  
They stripped her down naked before putting the single glove on her. Two
  men held her arms in the proper position while one of the women stepped closer
  so she could slide leather bondage device up the captive's arms. The singleglove
  had a heavy zipper from the bottom to the top. The woman pulled it up partway.
  The men then pulled straps attached to the top across the brunette's upper
  back, over her shoulders and then under her arm to the singleglove where there
  was a buckle riveted to the leather. Threading the end of the strap through
  the buckle, they pulled each taut and stuck the pin through the hole.  
Grabbing the singleglove with her left hand, the woman used her right to
  pull the zipper all the way up to the top. She flipped the tab down and secured
  it in place by a leather strap. The strap kept the tab pinned against the metal
  so it would not open. She then turned her captive to the side so she could
  readjust the strap that she had put on first. She needed to pull it only one
  hole tighter. She then turned her captive about so she faced in the other direction.
  This presented the brunette's other side to her. She repeated the process,
  drawing the strap tight. This time, she had to pull the strap two holes for
  to make it tight.  
 The black, patent leather shoes were next. Black was such a banal color
  for a slave girl to wear, but it matched her collar and single glove.  
 It also matched her pubic hair, but not for long.  
 They pushed her to her knees. Once in that supplicant position, they lifted
  her right foot, putting it over the left ankle. A light cord about her ankles
  kept her feet in that position.  
 They then bent her backwards. Because of the way they had bound her legs,
  she could not draw her legs together.  
 A foot on her upper chest kept her in that position.  
 The beautiful brunette blushed at their laughter as they lathered up her
  pubic hair. She felt the blade slide across her flesh, removing all the curly
  hairs down here. They had done this so often before that it took only seconds
  to shave her smooth.  
 She felt fingers rubbing that part of her body. Everyone presented wanted
  to feel just how smooth they had shaved her.  
 "Come on, My Dear, you want to have your time on our walk of shame."  
 In a matter of seconds, Annette found herself on the pouch with Jeanne and
  the other women enslaved that day.  
 She knelt as they fastened leather cuffs about her ankles. At the same time
  they formed her long, dark tresses into a pair of pigtails high on the sides
  of her head. Immediately before her they placed the twin posts.  
 Two men lifted her in the air, setting her down so one knee rested atop
  each post. They did not bind her legs to these pedestals, as there was no need
  to. They ran cords from the ankle cuffs to overhead rings and down to the pigtails.
  The position of the cords running up her backside pressed her feet against
  her sore bottom and made it impossible for her to alter her position.  
 They then pulled the posts apart a few millimeters. Annette's weight fell
  down, pulling at the pigtails. They moved the posts apart a little more.  
 The only remaining thing to do was to put the blindfold over her eyes. She
  had not realized how effective the bondage device was until they used it on
  her. No light at all came through to her eyes.  
 She felt fingers from several different hands playing with her pussy. She
  grunted a muffled protest through the gag. She did not dare do more. Compared
  to the spanking she had just endured, this was quite pleasant.  
 She knew that was the thought of a slave girl.  
 She discovered, as had every slave girl before her, that once she was bound
  in this position, she could not move at all.  
 She then heard a mocking voice say, "You know, Annette, of all the slave
  girls you provided us, I think you are the best."  
Slave Girls In Bondage  
Chapter 78  
 Jaime struggled with her bondage. Sure, the buxom blonde had struggled a
  little at first just to see how helpless she really was. Now she tried in earnest.
  The steel cuffs would not break. Twisting her arms about convinced her that
  she could not break that little chain connecting them. She pulled, but she
  could not slip her hands through the little circle of steel that held her captive.  
After a couple of hours she concluded Courtney had double-crossed her. As
  a thief, she had all sorts of nefarious connections. She would enlist their
  aid to get back at this little bimbo who had left her bound like this.  
She had a valiant effort to escape. Bound as a slave girl, she could not.  
 The key to her handcuffs lay on a nightstand next to the bed. She moved
  in that direction as far as the tether chain would allow. She was still a couple
  meters away. She crouched down a little. Balancing herself on her right high
  heel, she tried to reach it with her left foot, but even that was not enough.
  The heel of the spike was still many centimeters away from the key.  
 Her efforts were interrupted by a knock on the door. She froze for a couple
  seconds.  
 "Musketeers! Open up in the name of the King."  
 This was the whole point of her deception. She had to make them think she
  was a slave girl.  
 She assumed the standard slave girl position, standing with her legs spread
  far apart as she stared at the wall before her.  
 The innkeeper had a key that he used to unlock the door. The three men barged
  past him to get inside.  
 "Check through that door," the leader yelled, standing near the door to
  keep anyone from escaping in that direction.  
 "She's not in here," came the call from the next room.  
 The leader of the three turned to the innkeeper who had moved just inside
  the door behind them.  
 "Are you certain this was the room you rented her?"  
 "Yes, Sir."  
 "Athos, she must have planned to return. She left this prized possession
  behind."  
 The "prized possession" was, of course, Jaime. The man who spoke removed
  his glove so he could feel her flesh. With no effort at all, he pulled the
  material down to reveal the blonde's left tittie. Gently he rubbed the nipple
  between his thumb and index finger.  
 "She must have rented the room to throw us off her trail. She must have
  sneaked back on to the coach. Pathos! Athos! To our horses!"  
 Once they were in the hall, the innkeeper closed the door.  
 Did the innkeeper recognize Jaime? The blonde was afraid he had because
  she started struggling harder as soon as the door closed. Her efforts to escape
  were no more successful than they had been before.  
 Of course the innkeeper did not recognize Jaime. The blonde had entered
  the waystation fully clothed with her hair pinned up. The captive in her room
  wore minimal clothing with long flowing tresses. There was anonymity in being
  a slave girl.  
 The innkeeper was puzzled though. Why would the woman who rented the room
  leave such a valuable possession behind?  
 The slave girl in the room was much too valuable to leave there unprotected.
  He soon sent one of the inn's French Maids up to retrieve her. Jaime did not
  want to go with her, but she had no choice. Bound as she was, it was quite
  easy to control her using the leash. Of course, she could have resisted so
  much that the French Maid would not have been able to get her to move. She
  would have had to go for help. She would have been punished, but she would
  have the satisfaction of seeing the cause of her punishment being mercilessly
  beaten. The buxom blonde resisted at first, then followed.  
 There was something wrong, something terribly wrong, but there was nothing
  she could do about it then.  
 A few minutes after the Musketeers left the waystation, Jaime found herself
  tethered to a ring on the wall in the innkeeper's office. He was at the front
  desk finishing up some details for a couple of customers.  
 Jaime, not knowing that Courtney was already several kilometers away, worried
  how the woman would find her if she was not in the room where she had left
  her. She tested the chain leash that kept her tethered to the wall. She had
  to get back to the room.  
 She was bound as a slave girl.  
 She was going nowhere without permission.  
 Eventually the innkeeper returned to his office. He had records to keep,
  accounts to balance, and other actions necessary for a small businessman.  
 The blonde slave girl was just an extra perk.  
 "While we are waiting to find out whom you belong to&hellip;"  
 He removed the halter-top so he had access to the blonde's oversized titties.
  Jaime did not like being fondled like this, but she had no say in the matter.
  He turned her about so she faced the wall. By reaching around her he could
  grab her titties.  
 After several minutes of pleasure playing with the blonde's chest ornaments,
  he went back to his bookkeeping.  
 Jaime struggled with her bondage again, trying to be as quiet as possible
  as she did. She knew what was coming.  
 Of course, it was.  
 And there was nothing she could do about it.  
 She did try to kick him when he removed her panties, but he resolved that
  problem by tying her ankles to rings in the floor. He grabbed her right ankle,
  drawing it a dozen centimeters in the air. This forced her to stand on her
  right. She could not resist now.  
Quickly he looped a cord about the ankle. As he lowered it toward the floor,
  he pulled to the right so her foot landed on the floor near the ring. Quickly
  he tied the cord to the ring.  
As he moved to her left, she tried to shift her left foot to the right to
  so she could stand on that foot. That would enable her to kick with her left
  foot. He frustrated that effort by grabbing her by the left knee and drawing
  it up. She leaned to the right to stand on her right foot. She might have tried
  to resist, but the position in which he had her leg, made it impossible. He
  looped the cord about her ankle before setting it down. When she tried to pull
  her foot to the right, away from the ring, he slapped her on the back of the
  knee. The sudden pain shocked her. He used these seconds of indecision to pull
  her left foot as far to the right as he wished. Quickly he used the cord to
  secure her foot to the ring.  
She now had to stand with her legs spread, her pussy exposed and available.  
 Well, sort of available.  
 He reached inside to see what was blocking the way.  
 He found the pouch with the 24 perfect diamonds inside.  
 That required some contemplation.  
 "The Musketeers are searching for a blonde thief who stole 24 diamonds from
  a lady at court. A blonde checks into this inn, into room 16 to be precise.
  That blonde disappears, but a blonde slave girl mysteriously appears in the
  room with the 24 diamonds hidden in her pussy."  
 It really did not take him very long to figure out what had happened. It
  took him several minutes to accept the fact that any woman could be that dumb.  
 There were rumors, he could not confirm, of private clubs in large towns
  where women paid to be treated as slave girls. They had some degree of safety,
  that degree being the honesty and reliability of the proprietors.  
 The same could not be said outside the walls of a city where there were
  no laws to protect the captive. At the waystation, for example, a woman wearing
  a slave collar was a slave girl. It did not matter how she came to have it
  on. If she wore a slave collar and did not belong to someone, she belonged
  to whomever found her.  
 It was that simple.  
 The innkeeper decided to take advantage of the situation. Placing his hands
  on her upper back, he forced her to bend over. She came four times before he
  did.  
After freeing her ankles, he used the leash to maneuver the buxom blonde
  around before his chair. He jerked down on the leash. When she did not move,
  he added, "Kneel."  
 Slowly Jaime fell to her knees.  
 "The musketeers will come back this way when they can't find you. I suppose
  I should turn you over to them."  
 Jaime had nothing to say. She still had a ballgag stuffed in her mouth.  
 "I'm certain we can reach an accommodation," he said as he unbuckled the
  strap holding the rubber ball in the captive's mouth.  
 "What do you want?" she said as soon as the ballgag was removed from her
  mouth.  
 He grabbed her by the chin.  
 "You are wearing the collar of a slave girl so I can spank you as long as
  I want and no one will interfere. Do you understand?"  
 "Yes."  
 "Yes, who?"  
 "Yes, Master."  
 "What would you like to do?"  
 "What?"  
 "What is the purpose of a slave girl's mouth?"  
 "To such cock."  
 Her lower lip trembled a little.  
 "Please master, let me suck you cock."  
 "Say it again, and this time mean it."  
 "Please master, let me suck your cock."  
 Jaime had always enjoyed the fact that men had developed a near priapism
  state because of the industrial pollution that had occurred prior to the collapse
  of civilization. They never seemed to have to come. For women it was an immense
  pleasure. Jaime had never had less than four orgasms when she had sex with
  a man.  
 Now, it worked against her. She could not make him come. She jerked her
  head forward and back again and again without success. Her jaw began to ache
  from being opened wide enough to take the large shaft. Slave girls were trained
  to do this so they could suck cock for hours and not think anything of it.
  Jaime wore the collar of a slave girl, but she had no experience doing this.  
 "Maybe you need a little encouragement," he said as he pushed her head back.
  He rammed the rubber ball of a ballgag between her teeth. Forcing her head
  down, he pushed her long blonde tresses to the sides so the back of her neck
  was not covered. He then buckled the ends of the strap together behind her
  head. The ballgag would not come out of her mouth unless he wanted it to.  
 "Now stand up, turn around and bend over."  
 The blonde captive obeyed, there was little else she could do. In this position
  she offered her pussy to the innkeeper who quickly availed himself.  
 "Mmmmmffffffttttt!!"  
 The first orgasm was great.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!!!"  
 The second was better.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!!!!!"  
 As was the third. And the fourth. And the fifth. She lost track after that.  
 "Back on your knees, Slave Girl."  
 He had a different task for her this time.  
 "Lick it clean."  
 Jaime tried to take it in her mouth.  
 "I didn't say suck it, I said lick it."  
 Jaime had to remind herself that those were her juices she was licking.  
 It took her almost ten minutes to clean his cock.  
 "You did a good job. Now as a reward you can suck it."  
 It took ten minutes of hard work for her to make him come.  
 Of course, it wasn't that simple.  
 As he felt himself about to come, he ordered, "Put your head back. Keep
  your mouth open."  
 He allowed the tip of his penis rest on her lower lip so when he came it
  squirted into her mouth.  
 "Use your tongue to spread it around in your mouth. Good. Now swallow it."  
 Jaime did not think it could get any worse, but of course she was wrong.
  The ballgag went back into her mouth.  
 She was glad he did that. As long as the rubber ball filled her mouth she
  did not have to worry about having to make him come again. She doubted she
  could do that.  
 Using the leash, he took her to an anteroom in back. A hard rubber dildo
  extended twenty centimeters from the wall about a meter above the floor. He
  had her kneel facing it. The ballgag came out, but he immediately gagged her
  again by forcing her head forward so the dildo entered her mouth.  
 His left hand held her head forward so she could not draw her mouth from
  the rubber shaft while his right attached a short chain between a ring on the
  wall and the ring on her collar. The chain was so short that she could not
  pull her mouth off the shaft, though she could try.  
 The captive blonde tried to see what he did as his hands disappeared in
  front of her. She felt them on her chest. When he drew them away, she knew
  he had removed the halter top so those massive mammaries were now exposed.  
 He was not finished with her bondage. He slipped a black leather blindfold
  over her eyes, drawing the ends of the strap behind her head so the strap pressed
  a pad against each eye.  
 She could not see him cross the room to get a small wood paddle.  
 "I want you to practice on that shaft in your mouth until you get it right."  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 One blow landed on each bottomcheek.  
 The blonde moved her head forward a couple centimeters, allowing in the
  hard shaft to penetrate her mouth. She slowly pulled her head back as far as
  the chain between her collar and the wall would allow.  
 "Work harder! You need the practice. In and out! In and out!"  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 Jaime was faced between honoring her pride, and the growing pain on her
  bottom where the paddle landed.  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 It did not take her long to make a decision.  
 Jaime shoved her mouth down the shaft, then jerked it out as far as the
  chain would allow. As soon as the chain became taut, she rammed the shaft back
  into her mouth.  
 He moved to her right so he could watch her work.  
 "Move you body forward until your nipples touch the wall."  
 Having big titties worked to the blonde's advantage. She did not have to
  move her head forward much before the nipples touched the wall. Still, she
  had to take enough of the shaft in her mouth that the tip was in the back of
  her mouth.  
 While she worked away at the shaft, he adjusted her bondage by crossing
  her ankles. A few loops of a cord bound them together. He next pulled her knees
  back so she leaned toward the wall. Drawing her bound ankles in the air, he
  tied them to her hands.  
 Jaime whimpered at this new predicament.  
 "Don't complain. It is the natural position of a slave girl for her to have
  a cock in her mouth. This will train you to accept your new status.  
 When he decided she would continue, he gave her further directions.  
 "I have more important things to do than watch you. I'm going to come back
  periodically to watch. If I see you kneeling here without working, you get
  a swat to each cheek. I'm going to have my staff watch also. If they see you
  just kneeling here&hellip;well, they had better not."  
 Instead of moving toward the doorway, he moved to her left to bend over.  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 His left hand fondled her left tittie.  
 "That's just a reminder that you had better obey."  
 Periodically during the next couple of hours he stopped back to check on
  his latest acquisition. She was so frightened of further punishment that she
  did not dare stop. Her mouth slid forward on the shaft until the tip was at
  the back of her throat, then she would jerk her head back as far as the chain
  would allow.  
 It did not take the Musketeers longs to catch up to the stagecoach. No one
  had left the waystation on it. The fugitive was either at the way station,
  or had left by a different route. After a brief consultation among themselves,
  they decided to return to the waystation.  
 The innkeeper heard them ride up. He went to the porch to signal Aramis
  that he wanted to talk to him.  
 The innkeeper was no more honest than anyone else. He would have gladly
  sold the diamonds if he had someone who would buy them. He was content to do
  what was right, counting on a hefty finder's fee.  
 "You say you found these in one of the rooms?"  
 "Yes. The woman who rented the room, the woman who meets the description
  you gave me."  
 "Do you know where she is now?"  
 "No, perhaps she stole a horse. So many people come by; it's hard to tell.
  Someone might not know that they are missing a horse until tonight."  
 "You will, of course, be rewarded."  
 "I am just a poor, honest innkeeper, trying to do what is right. My expenses
  are so great it is hard to get by."  
 "What are you getting at?"  
 "Come along."  
 They stood in the doorway where they had an unobstructed view of Jaime.
  She continued to ram the shaft deep into her mouth, then jerk it out.  
 The innkeeper motioned Aramis to follow him down the hall.  
 "She could not pay her bill. I let her stay here free for a couple of days,
  but I have expenses."  
 "And she agreed to become a slave girl?"  
 "Given the options? Yes. But I have been unable to recoup even the cost
  of her room for those two nights. You will now make it back to town tonight.
  You could use her to entertain your and your men. And once you reach the Emerald
  City, you could sell her for a handsome profit."  
 Bound as she was, every time she moved her body, her big titties wobbled.
  It did not take Aramis more than a couple minutes to strike a deal with the
  innkeeper.  
 Jaime heard someone move up behind her. She became desperately afraid that
  she was due for another spanking. A hand on the back of her head forced the
  shaft deep into her mouth, creating a lot of slack in the chain. She felt the
  other hand unfasten the chain from her collar.  
 "Keep you mouth open," was the order as the hands pulled her head back so
  the shaft slid from her mouth. The voice was female, a voice she did not recognize.
  From the tone she knew it was a mistress. She did not dare refuse to do what
  the woman said. "I don't think you'll find this gag as much fun but&hellip;" The
  gag was a regular ball gag. The rubber ball was rammed between her teeth, then
  a hand pushed her head down and parted her long hair. With the ends of the
  strap buckled behind her head, she could not get the rubber ball out of her
  mouth.  
 The mistress jerked the blindfold from the blonde's head. She was in a hurry.  
 "On your feet! Come on!"  
 To add emphasis to the orders, she jerked the leash upwards. Jaime staggered
  to her feet. She was not even upright and the woman was pulling on the leash
  for her to follow her down the hall.  
 She tethered the blonde to a ring hanging down from the ceiling. This would
  allow Jaime a little more area in which to move if she was so foolish as to
  try. Bound as she was, she could not move beyond the length of the leash and
  the chain. The only result would be to cause her to be spanked.  
 The mistress left her alone for a few minutes while she retrieved a French
  Maid. Jaime was to be redressed, and dressing a slave girl was the work of
  another slave girl.  
 The French Maid first stripped all clothing from the buxom captive. Jaime
  saw no reason to try to resist, not with the mistress sitting a couple meters
  away with a switch in her hands.  
 The satin garterbelt was first. The basic color was bright green, but the
  edges in front were lined with black lace ruffles. The French Maid wrapped
  it about Jaime's hips, adjusted the length, and then hooked it.  
 With the garterbelt in place, the French Maid turned her attention to the
  stockings. These were sheer black except for the seam up the back. The French
  Maid had to kneel to adjust the seams, and to smooth all wrinkles from the
  stockings. Next she turned her attention to the straps of the garterbelt, adjusting
  their length before fastening the tabs to the tops of the stockings.  
 The shoes were next. The patent leather sandals were the same shade of green
  as the remainder of her outfit. The French Maid knelt to put them on the captive,
  one strap over the foot and another around the ankle. The 15-centimeter stiletto
  heels could not come off without the straps being undone, and as Jaime was
  helplessly bound and gagged, those shoes would remain in place as long as any
  free person wanted.  
 The panties were light green satin, as was the ultra short, flared miniskirt
  that went over top. The haltertop barely covered her titties, and did not control
  them at all.  
 The mistress tossed a new ballgag to the French Maid. The one filling the
  blonde's mouth was red. This one was green. Hey, why break up a winning combination?  
 While they dressed Jaime in her new attire, her sale was being negotiated
  in the innkeeper's office. Between the sale of the blonde and the reward for
  returning the diamonds, he would turn quite a profit this day.  
 The mistress took Jaime outside through the slave girls' entrance. Since
  she had never been this way before, she had no idea what was going on. She
  could not resist, not with her hands cuffed behind her back and a gag rammed
  between her teeth.  
 The leash ran from her collar to the left hand of her mistress. That was
  all she concentrated on.  
 The woman stopped near the front steps. With one motion of her hand, she
  attached the end of the leash to a ring on a tethering post. She did this with
  one fluid movement. She did not have to pause to do that. She then went inside.  
 Jaime could only stand there and wait.  
 Her wait was not long. The musketeers had ridden far that day. They had
  a long ride before them before they made camp for the night. The buxom blonde
  had to wait while they stopped in the bar to quaff a few tankards of ale.  
 Jaime panicked when she saw all those musketeers coming through the door.
  They all seemed to be heading for her. Had they discovered she was the master
  thief they sought?  
 She felt relieved as they passed. They were not after her. They&mdash;.  
 A hand jerked on her leash, the signal to a slave girl to follow. Jaime
  did not want to go with them, but bound as she was, she could hardly resist.
  Aramis led her to his horse where he attached the end of the leash to a ring
  on his saddle.  
 "To horse! We ride!!"  
 When he started forward, Jaime had no choice but to follow. She began to
  believe the innkeeper had told them who she was. Nothing had been said about
  her being a thief. The only comments they were indicated that they considered
  her only to be another voluptuous slave girl.  
 Jaime tested her bondage. The cuffs holding her hands behind her back would
  not give at all. She was a captive until someone chose to free her.  
 And who would free such a luscious slave girl?  
 She moved rapidly behind Aramis's horse to keep from being dragged.  
 While Jaime was still within sight of the waystation, the slavers were loading
  Yvette into the wagon.  
 True a slave girl could walk from point A to point B with little expenses
  to the company moving her but it still took a lot of time. One reason they
  put slave girls in those high heels was to keep them from being able to move
  quickly. Unless they put the slave girls in "sensible" shoes, they could only
  move slowly.  
 Who would want to mar the beauty of a long-legged slave girl tottering on
  fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels?  
 Another slave girl already waited in the back of the wagon when they brought
  Yvette forward. Before putting her in back, they removed her top and miniskirt
  so she was dressed, or rather undressed, in the same manner as the slave girl
  would await her. All she wore were the stockings, high heels and garterbelt.  
 They lifted the tall blonde in the air and sat her down on the bed of the
  wagon. (For those wondering, they had polished the wood so there were no splinters.
  They did not want to hurt the slave girl during transport. Unless it was for
  punishment. Or for fun.)  
 Yvette almost started salivating when she saw the huge purple dildo protruding
  from the other slave girl's pussy. A man squatted behind that captive to pull
  Yvette forward by her feet. Her legs went outside the other slave girl's body
  just as hers went out Yvette's. Another man adjusted the position of the dildo
  so the tip pointed at the blonde's pussy. With a nod of his head, he signaled
  the other man to pull. He placed both hands against the blonde's lower back
  to push. As Yvette's body moved forward across the bed of the wagon, the dildo
  slid inside her pussy.  
 They next crossed her ankles and tied them together. They did the same to
  the other slave girl's legs. This made it so if the slave girl moved backed,
  she could not move far enough for the dildo to slide out. (Yvette thought it
  was unnecessary. Why would she want that dildo out of her?)  
 The ballgags came out next. The gag that replaced them was different. It
  was a two-headed dildo twenty-five centimeters long and seven in diameter.
  They thrust it into Yvette's mouth first, then pushed her upper body forward.
  The other slave girl had her mouth open to accept the other end.  
 To secure it in their mouths, they ran a chain between their collars. The
  slave girls could not pull their heads back that few centimeters needed to
  get the dildo out. The dildo would remain in their mouths as gags.  
 They freed the hands of the slave girls, first Yvette, then her sister slave.
  Crossing her wrists behind the other slave girl's back, they tied them together,
  then ran a rope to the blonde's crossed ankles.  
 The two slave girls hugged one another, their bare titties rubbing back
  and forth.  
 The final bondage items for the two were leather blindfolds. The guards
  assured that nothing would distract the slave girls' attention for those dildos
  rammed in their pussies and mouths.*****  
 Yvette did not think this a degrading position. Any thoughts she had quickly
  escaped her head when the wagon started forward. While the roads were fairly
  level, the wagon was without springs. At every little bump in the road, it
  shook.  
 The dildo within the slave girls seemed to be alive. As their bodies writhed
  in excitement, the other dildos slid in and out of their mouths. To Yvette,
  it seemed that some man was using her on both sides. She eagerly sucked on
  one dildo as the other caused her to creep slowly toward an orgasm.  
 Yvette had one last thought of Courtney. She wondered if her friends had
  ever thought that traveling could be so much fun.  
 Though we are getting a little ahead of ourselves, let's see what Clarissa
  and her friends were up to.  
 When we left Robyn, she stood against the wall, her nose pinning a pfenning
  against the wall. The Amazons had warned her not to move.  
 Surely she would not disobey an order from Clarissa.  
 The plan was to convince Robyn that she wanted to wear a collar.  
 How hard could that be?  
 Well, for starters, she had told someone where she was going.  
 "Excuse me. Do you know Robyn?"  
 For half a second, Clarissa was afraid that they had been caught. She would
  have to bribe some official to keep her mouth shut.  
 The blonde was approximately Robyn's age. She must be a friend.  
 "Sure. Are you a friend of hers?"  
 "Yes. She was supposed to meet me a couple of hours ago&hellip;"  
 "And she didn't show up. I'm afraid that's our fault. We were having some
  fun with her." This last sentence she said in a whisper.  
 The woman who approached them was a blonde. From what Clarissa could see,
  she met all the criteria to wear a slave collar.  
 "I'm Clarissa."  
 "I'm Nicole. Do you know where she is?"  
 "She's up in my apartment."  
 No young woman with any sense at all struck up a conversation with an Amazon.
  Clarissa began to think that this was her lucky day.  
 "Have you ever been to the caf&eacute; were she works?"  
 Nicole wrinkled her nose.  
 "She's not very good."  
 "I took a couple of very important visitors there for tea. Can you imagine
  what happened?"  
 "Disaster?"  
 "Precisely. We were teaching Robyn a lesson. Say, maybe you would like to
  help us?" Again, the last sentence was said in a whisper.  
 "Sure! What do you want me to do?"  
 "You could&hellip;no, that wouldn't work. You can wait here. She will down
  in a few minutes,"  
 "No, what can I do to help?"  
 Clarissa stared at one of her companions. That was all the hint she needed.
  The Amazons had run this type of scam before.  
 "What if you come to rescue her but get caught yourself?"  
 "What do you mean?" asked Clarissa.  
 "She gets into the apartment&hellip;"  
 "How? The door's locked and she has no reason to know where Robyn is."  
 "Oh."  
 "What if we capture her and take her there."  
 "Capture me?"  
 "That might work," Clarissa appeared to be thinking about this idea.  
 "The slave girl gambit."  
 "The slave girl gambit?"  
 "The slave girl gambit?" echoed Nicole.  
 "That certainly would scare her."  
 "Scare who?"  
 "Scare Robyn. She might think we would be paying a trick on her, but if
  one of her friends ends up in the same predicament&hellip;"  
 "What?"  
 "We'd have to buy a couple of collars."  
 "Maybe if we pool our money."  
 If you are confused, imagine poor Nicole.  
 "What is the slave girl gambit?  
 "We could use the bedroom. Leave Robyn in the living room."  
 "What is the slave girl gambit?"  
 "That might work. It certainly would scare her. It would scare me."  
 "What is the slave girl gambit?"  
 "The slave girl gambit is a joke where one woman pretends to be turned into
  a slave girl. The other woman thinks it is going to happen to her."  
 "I don't know."  
 Now it was crunch time.  
 "Don't worry about it. It would really teach Robyn a lesson, but don't worry
  about it."  
 The Amazons started off without Nicole.  
 "What would I have to do?"  
 "Not much. Get naked. Let us tie you up. The thing that will keep you from
  saying you'll do it, is you have to put on a slave girl's collar.  
 "I'm not going to do that!"  
 No woman would willingly put on a slave collar, not if she had an ounce
  of sense about her.  
 "Well, it's all pretend. We could get in trouble. There are laws in this
  town against doing that. As long as we kept it all in the apartment, we wouldn't
  get in trouble."  
 Yeah, there are laws to protect young women like Nicole. We've heard that
  one before.  
 "What would you do?"  
 "We take you into the apartment tied up. We tell Robyn we found you lurking
  around outside and we are going to do to you what we are going to do to her.
  In the bedroom with the door closed, we use a switch on the bed. Every time
  we hit the bed you grunt through the gag. After about 20 or 30, we drag you
  out. You then put on a slave collar. Then we tell Robyn we are going to do
  that to her.:  
 "That should really shake her up."  
 "Yeah."  
 Nicole had second thoughts about this, but it seemed okay. After all, the
  Amazons couldn't enslave her in town, could they? There were laws to protect
  her.  
 "What do I have to do?"  
 The Amazons carried on them sufficient supplies to render any woman into
  a slave girl, but they did not want the beautiful blonde to realize that tying
  up free women was an every day event with them.  
 They went into drugstore on the corner to get what they needed.  
 A drugstore?  
 Sure. Ever store had it own department that sold slave girls accessories.
  Who could tell when they might need an extra pair of handcuffs of a collar
  or leash? (Since it was illegal to enslave a woman within the town walls, they
  certainly didn't need them to render a free woman into a slave girl.)  
 They bought just a few items, not wanting to frighten the blonde with some
  of the more exotic items available. They simply bought a pair of satin panties,
  a scarf, two ropes, one long and one short, and two collars.  
 As they emerged from the store, Clarissa saw the man across the street still
  leaning up against a building. He had the newspaper folded up under his arm
  as he stared at the Amazons emerging from the door. He seemed interest in the
  Amazons and the blonde who obviously was not one. That was normal.  
 The women moved quickly down the block to the apartment building. Before
  entering, the Amazon glanced back but the man was gone.  
 Inside the building, at the foot of the stairs, they tied Nicole's hands
  behind her back. They did not tie them as tightly as they should have because
  they knew the blonde would not try to escape. They did however, loop a rope
  several times about her body, pinning her arms to her sides. They would use
  the free end of that rope as a leash to guide her.  
 It all sounded so plausible.  
 Of course, it insured she could not escape if she changed her mind.  
 She could not resist now, whatever the Amazons wanted to do to her.  
 That left the gag. They wadded the panties into a ball and held them up
  before her face.  
 "Open up."  
 Nicole opened her mouth slowly. Okay, being tied up was bad enough, now
  they wanted to gag her. Not only would she not be able to resist, she would
  not be able to cry out for help.  
 She opened her mouth wide.  
 They paused at the top of the stairs.  
 "Wait here while we get Robyn ready inside."  
 They wanted their captive in the proper position when they brought Nicole
  in. They did not want the blonde to see what they had already done to Robyn's
  bottom.  
 Surely no one thought Robyn would wait there for them to return. They found
  her hiding behind a chair across the room.  
 Like there was any place for her to run.  
 "We have you friend Nicole outside. She thinks she is part of a prank on
  your. The joke is on her though. Once she puts on the slave collar, it stays
  on."  
 Clarissa motioned toward the door,  
 "Bring her in."  
 Two amazons dragged Nicole inside.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 Nicole grunted an imaginary warning to Robyn who grunted one back.  
 "Take Nicole into the bedroom and give her the treatment she deserves. Then
  it will be Robyn's turn."  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 Robyn grunted a warning to her friend. Nicole grunted a reply.  
 The two dragged the blonde toward the bedroom, closing the door behind them.
  Once inside, they removed Nicole's bonds.  
 "Here, put this in your mouth," one whispered as she handed the blonde a
  ballgag. She removed the scarf holding the panties in the blonde's knife with
  one swipe of her disrobing knife. It cut the garment in half without mussing
  her hair. As soon as she felt the tight band about her head grow loose, she
  pulled it and the panties from her mouth.  
 It took the young captive only seconds to get the rubber ball wedged in
  between her teeth, but she had trouble buckling the ends of the leather strap
  behind her head. The Amazon finished the job for her.  
 One thing you can say about the Amazons is that they are certainly helpful
  when it comes to putting a woman in bondage.  
 "Now, every time I hit the bed, you scream as loudly as you can. Got it?"  
 The blonde nodded as the Amazon moved beside the bed.  
 Crack!  
 The sound was muffled, as though it was the sound of a switch striking the
  fanny of a woman.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 Nicole had trouble controlling herself. She wanted to laugh instead of scream.  
 The Amazons in the living room with Robyn had no such constraints.  
 "She thinks she's screaming loudly though a gag now, wait until we go to
  work on her fanny."  
 Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 "Okay, that's enough. Here, put these gloves on."  
 The shoulder length gloves were made of white satin. Nicole had no experience
  putting this type of garment on. They had to help her.  
 "Now, hands together behind your back"  
 The blonde did as she was ordered. One Amazon grabbed her by the shoulders
  to spin her about so she faced away from them. The Amazon with the cord twisted
  the blonde's arms so her hands were together palm-to-palm. She then looped
  the cord about Nicole's wrists, cinching the ends before tying a secure knot.  
 Another cord went about her upper arms near the elbow. One woman pushed
  on each side to get her elbows together. These loops were cinched before a
  knot was applied to the ends.  
 Nicole was helpless, but they were not finished. They tied one end of a
  long cord to her upper left arm. The then looped the working end four times
  about her upper arms and chest above her large bosom. Next they passed the
  end around her right upper arm and proceeded to make four more passes, these
  below her tits. Before tying the end to her right arm, they cinched the loops
  on both sides.  
 They had bound Nicole so she could move her hands only a couple of centimeters
  to either side.  
 "We're going to drag you out there. You kneel in front of Clarissa to put
  your throat in the collar. Boy! Will Robyn be shocked?"  
 The Amazons meant to drag the beautiful blonde from the room, but Nicole
  insisted on walking. Had these been a true trick on the other captive, the
  whole prank would have failed. As it was, it did not matter. The important
  thing was that the beautiful blonde allow herself to be collared. Nicole ended
  up on her knees in front of the Amazon. She lowered her head to place her throat
  against the leather strap. In seconds, she wore the collar of a slave girl.  
 Nothing could save her now.  
 Clarissa and the others had been busy while Nicole was in the other room.
  They prepared chains and cuffs for their new slave girl.  
 As soon as the Amazon had the collar buckled about the captive's neck, she
  nodded toward her friends. They grabbed Nicole by the legs to drag her across
  the room. With her feet pulled out from under her, her body flopped down on
  the floor.  
 One Amazon held each leg while another buckled the leather cuff about her
  lower leg immediately above the ankle. Turning cranks on devices on the wall,
  they drew the captive's feet in the air.  
 They paused when Nicole's shoulders were on the floor. An Amazon ran short
  chains to the rings on the sides of her collar. As she stood up, she waved
  her hand for them to continue. As they drew Nicole's body further into the
  air, the slack disappeared from the chains. They knew to stop when the chains
  were taut.  
 In a matter of seconds they had the beautiful brunette suspended upside
  down, her legs spread far apart.  
 "Come on, Robyn, why don't you show Nicole a little pleasure?"  
 They dragged her around the suspended figure, forcing her to bend forward
  so her nose was in the woman's pussy.  
 "Come on, wiggle your nose around. See if you can make her come."  
 Crack!  
 The switch landed on the woman's bare fanny. Robyn began rubbing Nicole's
  pussy with her nose as ordered.  
 The shocked captive got no pleasure from it though. Her thoughts were on
  her bare bottom, as a pair of Amazons with small paddles flailed away at her
  bottomcheeks.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 They alternated the blows so one paddle fell on one cheek, then the other
  fell on the other cheek.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 The beautiful captive thrashed about but could do nothing to stop this punishment
  of her bottom. Her fate was sealed. She had only to accept it. Once she accepted
  the awful truth that she was meant to be a slave girl, they would stop.  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 The pain was so intense that she was unaware that she was achieving an orgasm
  until the last second.  
 "Mmmmmmmmmmmfffffffffff!!!"  
 Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
 This was not part of Clarissa's plan, and it was slowing things up. Still,
  who could resist the opportunity of paddling the ass of a newly collared slave
  girl?  
 "My turn! My turn!"  
 They rotated about so everyone had the chance to paddle Nicole's ass.  
 The young captive could not even enjoy her second orgasm.  
 "I have an idea," Clarissa said.  
 They still had to get Robyn to submit. While her fate was sealed, Clarissa
  thought of a way in which they could make Nicole's suffering help in making
  Robyn into a slave girl.  
 At Clarissa's instructions, they dragged Robyn back to the spanking device.
  As she approached it, she tried to resist, but what could she do?  
 They lifted her into the air and set her down. She tried to keep her legs
  together, but that all fitted into Clarissa's plan. They bound the brunette's
  legs to the device. Her arms were still unbound, but she could do nothing with
  an Amazon holding each arm. At Clarissa's direction, they pulled her arms down
  so they could fasten straps across her arms to pin them to the sides of the
  device.  
 The captive started sobbing.  
 "Don't cry, Robyn. You're chance to submit will come soon enough."  
 While they fastened one woman to the device, they freed the other from the
  chains that had held her upside down. Nicole could not stand or walk, so they
  had to drag her to the device.  
 They lifted the captive beauty in the air and set her down on Robyn's back
  so she straddled it. They bound her legs so she straddled both Robyn's body
  and the device. Two Amazons pushed her forward so her bare titties were pressed
  against Robyn's back. Clarissa tossed a pair of handcuffs to an Amazon who
  bound the blonde's hands behind her back.  
 The device was designed for the punishment of only one slave girl at a time,
  but it was versatile. One Amazon tied the end of a rope to a ring on one side.
  She then passed the rode across Nicole's body. They pulled it down to a ring
  on the other. They did not thread it through, but merely passed the end through
  the ring before running it up over Nicole's body again. After several passages,
  they tied the end of the rope to a ring.  
 Nicole could squirm about, but she could not alter her position at all.  
 "Well, what do you think?" Clarissa asked, standing at the end of the device.  
 Just above waist-level there were a pair of red bottomcheeks pressed together,  
 She swung a paddle down on Nicole's fanny. The brunette body shuttered at
  the impact. Clarissa stepped back so Robyn could see her.  
 "Just think, Robyn, this could be your fanny we were beating."  
 Nicole moaned continuously though her ballgag. When the blow landed on her
  fanny she uttered a muffled shriek that they all ignored.  
 While the paddle did not land on her bottom, Robyn felt ever blow land.
  The physical torment was Nicole's. The mental torment was Robyn's.  
 After ten minutes of continuous spanking, Clarissa decided Nicole was ready
  to accept her new role as a slave girl.  
 Normally she would have Robyn participate in her friend's submission, but
  she had special plans for the waitress. This was not her area of expertise
  so she was not certain whether Nicole having a tongue in her pussy would interfere
  with her training or not. She decided to take the safe route and exclude Robyn
  from the festivities.  
 Clarissa barked out instructions. Two Amazons brought Nicole to her feet.
  Well, perhaps "feet" is not the proper word. She was upright, but she remained
  that way only because the Amazons held her by her arms and waist.  
 Two others dragged Robyn across the floor where they forced her to knee
  facing the door. One moved around before the captive to push her face toward
  the floor. Straddling her, she pinned the woman's head between her knees while
  the second Amazon tied her hands together behind her back at the wrist. Robyn
  concentrated on the woman griping her head with her thighs so she paid little
  attention as the woman secured leather cuffs to her ankles.  
 When they were finished, the Amazon released her grip on Robyn's head, allowing
  the captive's head and upper body fall to the floor. Robyn had no chance to
  do more than utter a muffled grunt before they began shortening the chains
  to her ankle cuffs.  
 Almost immediately, the shortening chains caused her legs to bend with her
  feet pointed toward the ceiling. She began to struggle as her knees rose from
  the floor. Resistance was futile. Within a few seconds her upper body slid
  across the floor. Her body rose from the floor, beginning at her hips and slowly
  moving toward her shoulders. Her bare titties slid across the floor. When they
  were under her feet, they rotated until they pulled free of the floor.  
 The brunette's beautiful face slid across the floor until it too was drawn
  into the air. They continued to hoist until they had the brunette's head almost
  a meter above the floor.  
 That left Robyn in a rather vulnerable position. She hung upside down, her
  crotch exposed, her pussy available for anyone to play with.  
 Ah, they reserved the worst torment of them all for Robyn.  
 They ignored her.  
 The Amazons gathered around Nicole to finish beating her into submission.
  Long before they finished, she wanted to beg for a collar.  
 Half an hour after they abandoned Robyn, Nicole made her way about the circle,
  using her tongue to thank the Amazons for turning her into a slave. Next came
  the ritual spanking (with the ballgag inserted in her mouth to insure quiet).
  Then she was back on her knees to use her tongue again to thank them for spanking
  her.  
 They were not finished playing with Nicole when Clarissa turned her attention
  back to Robyn. She placed her hand on the woman's pussy as she spoke to her.  
 "Do we have to do to you as we did to Nicole? Grunt twice if the answer
  is 'no.'"  
 Robyn may have answered, but the Amazon did not hear her. Twisting the brunette's
  pubic curls about her index and middle fingers, she began to pull.  
 "Do you want to be a slave girl?"  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!! Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 "I noticed a little hesitation in that grunting." She put the end of her
  fist against Robyn's lower abdomen to give her more leverage. The flesh formed
  little cones where she pulled the pubic hair.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!! Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 So the ritual begins anew.  
 They lowered their captive to the floor. She crawled to the Amazon leader
  where she placed her throat in a collar so the woman could buckle it about
  her neck. The ballgag came out so she could use her tongue to thank Clarissa
  for turning her into a slave girl.  
 Once the Amazon decided Robyn had debased herself sufficiently, she wedged
  the ballgag back in.  
 "Come to you feet and lay yourself over my lap."  
 They had bound Robyn's wrists together behind her back when they let her
  down so she was as helplessly bound as she had been before. The difference
  was that she now wore the collar of a slave girl.  
 Not only could she not escape, resist, or cry out for help, if anyone saw
  her in her present predicament, they would join in the festivities.  
 Robyn made the rounds of the group, allowing each woman to paddle her bottom.  
 Finally it was time to move on. Clarissa had plans for the brunette that
  she did not want the Amazons to interfere with. Robyn would remain here for
  the night. In the morning she would advance to her next phase of training as
  a slave girl.  
 At Clarissa's direction, they pushed a pair of end tables together and had
  Robyn kneel on them, one knee on each table. A cord about her lower shin and
  upper thigh insured that she could not move leave that kneeling position. Next
  they ran more cords from her legs, over the tabletop, down underneath, and
  back to her legs. This made it impossible for her to move her legs from the
  tables.  
 Clarissa threaded another rope through the ring on the left side of Robyn's
  collar. She tossed the captive's long hair over her shoulders so she had access
  to the ring in back and the one on the right.  
 When the brunette tried to turn her head to the right so see what the Amazon
  did to her, Clarissa grabbed her head with both hands so she could jerk it
  forward.  
 "I did not give you permission to turn you head!"  
 She crossed the ends of the rope near the collar, and nodded for one of
  her friends to take them from her. She moved around in front of Robyn to force
  her head down between her thighs. The crossed ropes held her head in that position.
  They pulled the ends down so they could tie them under the end tables.  
 The ropes kept Robyn's head pushed down so she could only stare at her pussy.  
 Clarissa lit a lantern before putting in on the floor between the end tables.
  The light made it possible for Robyn to see her pussy no matter how dark it
  became outside.  
 "I want you to stare at your pussy and think what fun it has given you,
  because I have a special treat for it."  
 With that, the Amazons were ready to set out. Nicole followed at the end
  of a leash. At the bottom of stairs, Clarissa motioned toward her captive.  
 "Bend her over."  
 Knowing what the Amazon had in mind, they turned her about so her bottom
  was pointed toward Clarissa.  
 Crack! Crack!  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 Clarissa grabbed the captive by the hair to pull her head upright.  
 "You will get ten more of those if you disobey any order. Understand?"  
 The blonde nodded.  
 "Bring her along."  
 Now Nicole did not want to go into public naked, but neither did she want
  to have her fanny punished again. Being paraded about in public would give
  her some humiliation. Resisting would not only give her humiliation, but spankings
  as well.  
 She followed the Amazons from the building at the end of her leash.  
 Across the street, the man folded up his newspaper and tucked it under his
  arm as he followed them.  
 Their immediate destination was a building known simply as "The factory." And
  what was made there, you ask?  
 Obedient little slave girls who enjoyed nothing more than thrusting their
  tongues into the pussies of mistresses.  
 Of course, Nicole did not know that. She was nothing more than a slave girl
  so she had no need to know any of this. She had only to obey.  
 They tethered her to a ring on the waiting wall. The Amazons moved around
  to the front of the building. Someone would come to collect the little slave
  girl soon.  
 The factory was a front organization run by the Amazons. No one knew they
  ran it, though many people suspected it.  
 So who would bring a slave girl to such a place? A mistress, of course.
  And if she was a young, nubile, beautiful mistress, she might find herself
  as part of the assembling line.  
 The process was quite simple. The newest slave girls were placed at the
  end of the line, bound on their backs to benches. More experienced slave girls
  were placed on top. The two would lick each other until ordered to stop.  
 Those on the bottom advanced more slowly than those on top. It was only
  fitting as they were the new slave girls. If a slave girl down the line did
  not respond as she should, she would be pulled out of the assembly line and
  moved back. Those slaves in line behind her had to wait.  
 The slave girl on top Nicole was pulled off and moved forward to the next
  alcove where another slave girl waited on her back. An more experienced slave
  girl took her place on top Nicole.  
 The actual number of stops depended on the number of slave girls present.
  The line snaked its way back and forth, down one corridor and up the next,
  until it reached a point not far from where it had begun. At that point the
  slave girl would move back to the beginning of the line, only this time taking
  her place on top.  
 Occasionally they gave each slave a few minutes to sleep. Sometimes they
  fed them and allowed them to go to the bathroom.  
 When Nicole came off the assembly line in a few days, she would exist for
  nothing but the next orgasm.  
 Product quality was 100%.  
The Amazons watched for a while. They wanted to insure that Nicole performed.
  It did not matter if she performed well, or not. She would improve in time.
  It was guaranteed with the process.  
When they returned to their compound, an Amazon hurried up to Clarissa. She
  had been busy exercising the Amazon's right of claim. Since Debbie was now
  their property, her property, including all her slave girls became theirs.  
The Amazon had a puzzled look on her face.  
 "What is it?"  
 "You remember that cute little blonde that Debbie brought us that first
  day?"  
 "Andrea?"  
 "Was that her name? Well, she disappeared."  
 Another plot twist! What has happened to Andrea?  
Slave Girls in Bondage  
Chapter 80  
 Tina had provided Canjac with the list of men she had provided. It was so
  long that at first he thought she had made it up to try to please him. Some
  of the names he knew, others he did not.  
 A little research convinced him that the buxom blonde had told the truth.  
 There were 137 men she had offended one way or another.  
 He chuckled to himself as he scanned the list.  
 "Oh, you little tart."  
 (Canjac wondered how many women she could put on the list. It would have
  been interesting to find out, but his intent was to prepare the luscious blonde
  for his own personal use. By the time they reached the bottom of the list,
  he was certain she would be everything any man could want.)  
 By Saturday they were down to the third name on the list.  
 The outfit the blonde wore was black satin so it contrasted sharply with
  her long, blonde hair.  
 The garterbelt was black satin with black satin ruffles in front. The panties
  and the bra were black satin as was the flared miniskirt. The stockings were
  sheer black and the high-heeled sandals were black patent leather.  
 Her long, blonde tresses contrasted nicely with this motif as they flowed
  about her shoulders and down to her waist.  
 The blouse was thin white satin. The bra was black satin with half-cups
  that lifted her large titties without covering the nipples. The material of
  the snug blouse pressed against her titties so anyone could see the brown nipples.  
 She wore a gag that consisted of a leather sack that was held in her mouth
  by a black leather strap. Gagged as he had her, she could make no sounds of
  protest.  
 About all she could do was stand there looking beautiful and sexy. Since
  she was bound, she could be made to please any man. She wore the collar of
  a slave girl. She had no say in the matter.  
 Once dressed, she knelt, tethered to a ring on Canjac's desk until he was
  ready for her. She stared at her knees, wondering who she would have to please
  this day. She knew generally what she would have to do. The only question she
  had was to whom she would do it.  
 When Canjac was ready, he freed the end of the leash. A jerk up was the
  only command he gave the buxom blonde. She rose to her feet and staggered after
  him. She was not yet used to walking around in those impossible high heels.  
 She would learn.  
 His horse was saddled already and ready to go. He attached the end of the
  leash to a ring on the saddle on the left and started off.  
 Tina followed along behind.  
 She had no idea who she would please today. She could not remember all the
  names on the list, much less the order they were in. Canjac never gave her
  any clue where they were going. She only knew that some man she had offended
  in some why would be able to take his revenge on her.  
 The first time had been horrible, as she had no choice but to do what he
  wanted. He treated her like the slave girl she had become. She did every over
  and over again. She felt so glad when the courier returned her to Canjac. She
  was so relieved when he held her leash.  
 He could use her any way he wished (but he did not). He kept her bound and
  gagged. She was his property, and yet she felt safe when he held her leash.  
 She had already accepted her fate as a slave girl.  
 The second time had not been as bad. She began to enjoy it. She knew she
  was a beautiful slave girl, so why not make the most of it?  
 Today she looked forward to pleasing some man she barely knew. She knew
  at the end of the day, she would be at the end of a leash, the other end held
  by her master.  
 As a free woman she thought she knew the town very well. As a slave girl,
  she had no idea where she within minutes of them leaving Canjac's compound.
  Her whole world consisted of that chain leash running from her collar to the
  ring on her master's saddle.  
 She had no idea where they were when they arrived at their destination.
  As a free woman she had only used the front door to buildings. Now she was
  reduced in status to where she could only enter at the slave girls' entrance
  at the rear. Canjac dismounted to attach the end of the leash to a ring on
  the wall next to the door.  
 Within minutes she found herself being led by a French Maid up two sets
  of stairs. She was in the room where the man allowed slave girls to entertain
  him.  
 She knelt facing him, her knees spread apart as she offered her pussy to
  him.  
 "The rules are really quite simple. You can't hurt her in any way. No spanking,
  no switches, no paddles. Other than that, you can make her do anything you
  want."  
 "What if she doesn't want to do it?"  
 "You make a list. You write down every that she failed to do; or failed
  to do with enthusiasm. If she doesn't please you all the time in every way
  write that down.  
 "Her sole goal is to pay for the error of her earlier behavior. If she doesn't
  please, the punishment goes on."  
 Canjac had not specified exactly what he would do to her. Both the first
  two men had lengthy lists of what she had not done willingly. Of course she
  had done everything they said, but she did not do it fast enough, or did not
  do it good enough. They wanted to see her punished.  
 Canjac only wanted her to be submissive.  
 He had their lists and he threatened to use it to punish her further.  
 Her whole body trembled as she heard Canjac walk away. True, he had put
  a collar on her, but he had not punished her (except for the ritual over-the-knee
  spanking after she accepted a collar). She knelt in the presence of another
  man who would determine her fate.  
 He had her kneel on a low bench so he could inspect her body more carefully.
  He had her move her legs apart before he tied ropes between her ankles and
  the bench legs. He tied another set of ropes between her lower thighs and the
  bench legs in front. They made it impossible for her to draw her legs together.  
 All she could do was kneel there. The bench was designed for a purpose such
  as this. It was low and the legs spread far apart so someone kneeling on it
  could not knock it over.  
 All she could do was kneel there.  
 He slowly unbuttoned the blouse.  
 "You know, I've always wondered what these melons looked like."  
 Hooking the index finger of his right hand in the cup, he slowly peeled
  the white satin garment back until the tit popped out. Gently he squeezed it,
  rubbing the nipple between his thumb and index finger.  
 "Too bad Canjac would let me punish these. I've never seen a tittie more
  in need of a whipping."  
 He repeated the process with the other cup, exposing and then fondling the
  tit.  
 The clothing the buxom blonde wore was made for a slave girl. It was designed
  so it could be put on or taken off while the captive was bound. He removed
  the blouse and bra so he had an unobstructed view of those luscious melons.  
 Before continuing, he poured a few centimeter of forty-year-old brandy in
  a glass. Pulling a chair over before the captive, he sat to relish the view.  
 "Look at me," he said tapping his nose.  
 For the slave girl there was no modesty. She had to meet the gaze of the
  man who was stripping her.  
 When he had sipped half his drink, he moved around behind her. He cupped
  her titties with both hands again.  
 "Now I want you to move your body up and down until I give you the order
  to halt."  
 He kept his hands in the same position, forcing her to adjust not only the
  movement of her body, but its position also. Her nipples rubbed against his
  separated fingers.  
 So Tina was undergoing another session of humiliation. What about Michelle?  
 Canjac's men had her bound spread-eagle in the center of a training room.
  It was a lonely existence, but she was unaware of that as they had her blindfolded.
  Her only movement was that of her jaw as she sucked on the dildo in her mouth
  as part of her gag.  
 Michelle enjoyed being a slave girl, even though she did not wear a collar.  
 She did not wear a collar yet. That all was about to change.  
 There was a slave market in town. (There were several. Most of them were
  private affairs where slave girls of dubious origin were sold.) The slave market
  was largely a meat market where someone with money could buy a slave girl.
  Canjac shunned the main slave market because they allowed anyone in.  
 His operation did not warrant having his own auction house.  
 If he intended to sell a slave girl to the highest bidder, he would rent
  a room at an inn or club.  
 That was how he deiced to dispose of Michelle. Many men would pay an outrageous
  price for the privilege of putting a slave collar on a woman. There were numerous
  slave girls about who could be purchased at a reasonable price. It was difficult
  finding women who were free to begin with and would allow a man to put a collar
  on them.  
 The number of bidders was limited to four. Many would have liked to join,
  but Canjac limited the audience to those he trusted to take care of a slave
  girl. Michelle enjoyed being bound and helpless, using every part of her body
  to please men. It was only fitting that her master appreciate that type of
  subservience.  
 Others would be present. There had to be a notary to insure that Michelle
  willingly signed the papers that turned her into a slave girl. There was the
  auctioneer, and the waiter.  
 Each man would be amply compensated for his time and it would not cost Canjac
  a single pfenning. Michelle would pay them using her mouth. Canjac hand trained
  her well and given her the opportunity to practice. What better way for a young
  woman to prove how much she wanted to be a slave than to have service total
  strangers?  
 After leaving Tina, Canjac made his way to the "Silver Collar Club," a semi-private
  club where discretion was a keyword. Women who wanted to feel a rope about
  their body, a rubber ball in their mouth, the feel of a master who would have
  his way with them, this was the place these women came.  
 He needed a couple of French Maids for the auction. The manager agreed to
  supply them for a small price. He was most agreeable to whatever Canjac wanted.
  The man had paid an outrageous price for the use of a room, and the manager
  wanted him to return.  
 The club was almost empty when he was there. Only one customer was there,
  a woman wearing nothing but the white cotton panties of a free woman. Well,
  perhaps wearing was not the most accurate word. Someone had peeled them down
  below her bottomcheeks so anyone could see them. Stepping around in front her
  would allow anyone to see her pubic hair.  
 The woman's hands were bound over her head to a chain that hung down from
  the ceiling. Another rope about her ankles kept them together. She wore a simple
  cleave gag that insured her silence. A black leather blindfold kept her from
  seeing who watched her.  
 The blindfold also hid her identity.  
 Canjac was pretty certain that she had paid to be bound in this manner.
  Anyone could look, anyone could touch, and she could do nothing about it. The
  person who fondled her titties might be a neighbor, might be her own sister.
  She would not know and neither would they.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 As he walked by, Canjac reached out to gently pinch a nipple.  
 Michelle knew what her fate was to be. After all, she had agreed to it.
  She had more than agreed to it. Canjac made her get down on her knees and beg
  for it.  
She could not wait to have her own master who would
  take care of her. She would please him, and in return, he would keep her bound
  and on a leash said nothing bad happened to her. She would use her body to
  bring pleasure to her master. As a reward, he would bring pleasure to her.
  The simple fact that someone else controlled each orgasm made each so much
  more enjoyable.  
 Canjac had not arrived yet when they began to dress Michelle. A pair of
  French Maids did the actual work under the watchful eye of one of her master's
  hirelings.  
The first item was the high-heeled sandals. These
  were white patent leather. The gloves came next. They were shoulder length
  white satin. There was only one other item and that was the dress.  
Since Michelle was technically still a free woman,
  they dressed her as a free woman. The dress was ankle length, covering her
  entire body from her neck to her ankles. However, dress gave her no modesty
  at all. The material was thin, white nylon. When they had it on her, her large
  bosom, with the dark nipples protruding, was visible, as well as the patch
  of dark hair at her crotch.  
 Michelle might have been a free woman, but everybody knew what her fate
  was to be taking one look at her in that outfit.  
 To secure her arms behind her back, they used a black leather singleglove.
  The French maids brought the straps over her shoulders and under her arms before
  lacing it up in back. There was a steel ring at the end of the singleglove.
  One French Maid attached a snap at the end of a leather strap to that ring.
  She then passed it around in front of the beautiful captive so her sister slave
  could take the other end and complete its journey around her waist. The strap
  would naturally have been at the captive's lower hips, but they pulled it about
  her waist so her hips and ribcage would keep it from moving up and down. The
  French Maid who had fastened the first end of the strap to the singleglove
  moved behind Michelle. Using both hands, she pulled her arms up, forcing the
  captive to bend them. The second French Maid had to pull hard on the strap
  to get it far enough in back so she could attach the other end to the ring.
  Michelle had a slender waist, but the strap was short so once they had it in
  place, the captive could not move her arms at all.  
When they finished, the beautiful brunette was
  totally helpless again. Popping the bright red rubber ball from her mouth,
  they replaced it with sizable amount of cloth. Over it day fastened adhesive
  tape.  
 Michelle was ready to meet her fate.  
 Canjac inspected her before they set off. That captive brunette could hardly
  control herself was evident as her nipples protruded through the material of
  the dress. She felt so helpless that she wanted Canjac to play with her titties.  
 She was bound as a slave girl. She would soon learn that it was her master
  who decided when she would have pleasure.  
 Canjac had a larger wagon to take him to the tavern were the auction would
  be held. A team of sixteen ponygirls pulled the wagon. He set his captive on
  the floor next to the wagon so he could climb in unencumbered. Once he had
  settled in, two of his men handed her up to him.  
No, she did not sit on the seat. He did not have
  her kneel on the floor either. Instead he draped her across his lap so the
  highest part of her body was her bottom. He rubbed his right hand in a circular
  motion across one bottomcheek while the left held the reins.  
Michelle had agreed a couple weeks before to be
  sold. She wanted no other fate than to be that of a slave girl. She knew none
  of the details of her sale though. Canjac had presented her with no more information
  than what she needed. In other words, he told her nothing.  
She suspected he intended to sell her this night,
  though she really could not be certain. She had no idea where he took her.
  Sure, she had grown up in this town, but in her present position, all she could
  see was the floor.  
 Upon their arrival at the tavern, Canjac pulled out a black leather blindfold.
  The young woman really had no need to know where she was. Her training had
  to be put in the proper state of mind to be a slave girl. She desired nothing
  more than to use her body to bring pleasure to others with the hope that they
  would reciprocate and bring pleasure to her.  
The blindfold consisted of a single, large pad
  with a strap attached on each end. He already had the ends of the strap loosely
  buckled together so he could slide it over her head with just one hand. He
  held the pad against her eyes with his left hand while the right jerked on
  the working end of one strap. The pad was pulled tightly against her eyes so
  she could see nothing.  
 It took a couple of minutes to get her out of the back of the carriage.
  While it would make more sense to put the blindfold on her after she got out,
  he did not want her to know what tavern they were it. Not that made the difference,
  but she really had no need to know.  
He set her upright on the seat besides him. He
  climbed out of the wagon on the other side. Walking about the wagon, he moved
  to the side where she sat. He grabbed her by the waist to lift her in the air.
  Once he had her on the ground, he simply picked he up and slung her over his
  shoulder. Her long dark hair hung down to his knees.  
He had arrived early because he wanted to insure
  all the arrangements were made. He had a reputation to maintain, and he wanted
  to maximize his profit from the sale of Michelle.  
 He took her to the checkroom. He still had a couple of hours before the
  bidding was to begin.  
Canjac stood the brunette up beside the counter.
  The checkroom consisted of a window where money was taken and receipts given.
  The woman who took his money was a mistress, but all of her assistance was
  slave girls.  
It was impossible to judge whether these slave
  girls were beautiful or not because no one could see enough of the face of
  any to make a decision. Each wore a black leather discipline helmet that covered
  most of the head. The long hair protruded in back in the form of a ponytail.
  While the narrow opening in the helmet forced the ponytail to keep its shape,
  a large, white bow adorned the ponytail where it emerged from the helmet.  
The only part of the face that anyone could see
  was the eyes and nose. In front there was an oval opening that covered the
  eyebrows on top. The lower edge ran immediately under the nose.  
The bottom of the helmet had an eight-centimeter
  collar that served as a posture collar. The slave girl could only see what
  was in front of her. To see to either side, she had to turn her body. Such
  an action would be immediately noted and the slave girl punished. All the slave
  girls who worked here knew better than to do anything other than stare straight
  ahead.  
As soon as he had to his number, he attached it
  to a strap of the singleglove. So they could identify Michelle when he wanted
  her. On the other side of the wall where Canjac could not see her, the mistress
  motioned for a slave girl to take charge of the captive.  
Usually slave girls were checked her, but it was
  not uncommon for a free woman to be treated in such a manner. The usual method
  of moving a slave girl was to attach a leash to the ring on her collar, but
  since Michelle did not wear a collar (yet), the slave girl had to improvise.
  Passing the chain leash about the woman's neck, she brought the end with the
  hook around in front of Michelle where she could hook the end to one of the
  links.  
As she did that, Canjac slipped the blindfold from
  the brunette's eyes. He did not want his prized possession to be injured while
  walking back into the check area.  
The slave girl jerked once on the leash and the
  captive brunette obediently followed. Once through the doorway they turned
  left and then right. Michelle could not help but.glance to her left and right
  where there appeared to be an endless succession of female bodies, some dressed,
  some not. All were bound in some manner.  
 Soon they reached Michelle's waiting spot. The
  slave girl turned to grab her by the arms and push her into an alcove. Protruding
  walls on each side made it impossible for her to see what was on her right
  and left. The slave girl threaded the end of the leash through a ring on the
  wall. When she pulled on the working end, Michelle had to step forward. The
  slave girl continued to pull until the beautiful captive stood with her nose
  only a centimeter or two from the wall. In this position, a slave girl wearing
  a collar would not be able to turn her head to see behind her. With the loose
  chain wrapped about her neck, Michelle might have been about to look behind
  her.  
But of course she knew better than to do that.  
There were a number of other chains the slave girl
  secured about Michelle's body before leaving her. One encircled her waist,
  chaining her to the wall. About passed behind her knees and a final passed
  under the arches of her high heels to make a complete loop.  
Michelle was going nowhere until someone came to
  release her.  
 Canjac first made his was to the room to insure that everything was taking
  care of. The French Maids he had ordered waiting patiently, tethered, gagged
  and blindfolded. They were all in a side room next to the room where the actual
  bidding would take place. None of the other bidders had arrived here, so he
  had some time to kill.  
 It was not yet happy hour. The bar was almost empty.  
 Canjac bought a drink at the bar and leaned with his back to it as he surveyed
  the room. Some of these people the new, most of them he did not  
 What made this tavern unique was take a catered to an adventurous set. A
  man showing up with a free woman bound and gagged discovered that no one cared.
  That sort of thing happened here all the time. The management was under constant
  scrutiny by the authorities to nothing illegal was done, but there was nothing
  to say that a young woman could not allow her boyfriend to tie her up for the
  amusement of everyone. Canjac had heard that a number of bored housewives frequented
  displays also for much the same reason. Some came down with their husbands;
  some came down with their female friends. Some came looking for someone to
  tie them up and make good use of their physical charms.  
 Canjac tried to figure out if there were any women in here who met his standards
  of being a slave girl. It had taken less than a month to convince Michelle
  that she totally enjoyed being used, he had no doubt that it would take last
  time to convince any of these other willing creatures of the same thing.  
 That was when she walked into the bar.  
 She was only a couple of steps inside the door when a man at a table said
  something to her. She looked at his direction murmured something and smiled.
  She moved on without pausing in her staff.  
 Canjac stared. There was something about her smile.  
 She passed through the room without pausing. As suddenly as she had appeared,
  she had disappeared through a door.  
 "She's a new one. She started coming about a week ago."  
 Canjac glanced back at the bartender. As he did, the man set a fruity drink
  on the bar.  
 "It's her favorite."  
 Canjac made his way toward the doorway with a drink in each hand. He found
  her seated in a rather heavy wooden chair.  
 "Can I buy you a drink?"  
 She smiled up at him. Canjac tried to put the drink down but found his hands
  shaking.  
 Canjac in love!  
 Whoa! I bet you didn't see that when coming,  
Slave Girls in Bondage  
Chapter 81  
 "First you have to get me out of this."  
 Canjac realized that Peggy was locked to the chair. A broad leather strap
  encircled her waist and two smaller ones her ankles. At the end of the straps
  there were buckles that locked to rings on the chairs.  
 He had not noticed that light chains connected the bracelets she wore on
  each wrist to the chair.  
 "How?"  
 This was a game he was not used to.  
 "You have to pay the management. Usually a guy buys me a drink or two. Strapped
  up like this, I have to drink whatever is offered."  
 "How many drinks do you have before you get loose?"  
 "I don't know. I always lose track." The implication is that she was always
  too drunk to know what was going on.  
 "I know people who know people. Don't run off."  
 "Ha, ha."  
 It took Canjac only a couple minutes to transact his business. He returned
  with a handful of bondage gear.  
 "What's all that for?"  
 He released her wrists from their bondage.  
 "Lean forward. Put your hands behind your back."  
 The brown-eyed beauty realized she was not going to get an answer to her
  question so she did as he ordered. In a matter of seconds he had her wrists
  cuffed behind her back.  
 "What is this for?"  
 "You talk too much."  
 The gag was next. This was not a regular ballgag that was spherical, but
  was a modified one that was oval. It did not scare off the willing victim since
  it was not as severe as a regular gag. Peggy opened her mouth without being
  told to. He slid it between her teeth without effort. She bent her head forward
  as he slid the ends of the leather strap behind Peggy's head. He did not have
  to see to buckle the ends together.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 "Well put."  
 He then ran a short chain between the handcuffs and a ring on the gag strap.
  She could not use her hands to protect her body, and the downward drag on the
  strap forced her to keep her nose in the air.  
 Only then did Canjac use the key to free the belt from about her waist.
  Peggy started to rise. Before she could get her bottom off the seat, he had
  slipped a chain leash about her neck. Once hooked to a link, he had her under
  control as he did any other slave girl.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!"  
 Canjac could have rented another private room, but he sensed this young
  beauty wanted to be out in public where everyone could celebrate her helplessness.
  He rented an alcove in the front of the tavern. This was not part of the main
  rooms of the inn, but rather a corridor that ran along the front of the building.
  Anyone could pass through the alcove simply by walking down the corridor. The
  front wall was a set of windows. With ample lighting, anyone in the street
  could see in.  
 Canjac was thinking ahead a couple of steps. He had to coordinate his fun
  with Peggy with the sale of Michelle. The two events were not mutually exclusive,
  but there was a conflict.  
 He tethered her chain leash to a ring on the back wall. He moved down the
  hall until he found what he wanted, a large box. Peggy still stood where he
  had left her when he returned with the box. He placed it in the alcove.  
 "We need one other thing," he said as he snapped his fingers. Without an
  explanation he started off.  
 Most of the other women we have seen would have panicked when their protector
  left them alone, but not Peggy. She took a couple steps toward the windows
  to see if anyone could see her. She only moved two-thirds of a meter from the
  wall before the chain leash forced her to come to a halt.  
 She twisted her body partway around so she could see outside. The sun was
  still up but there were few people on the street. She hoped more people would
  come by later.  
 Canjac arrived in a couple of minutes.  
 He held up a black velvet choker. A golden disk dangled down in front with
  the words "Bondage Toy" inscribed on it.  
 "Anyone seeing this on you will think you are a slave girl."  
 The black velvet, at a distance, looked like black leather.  
 The chain leash came off first. He placed it about her neck so the disk
  was in front. He then pulled the pins from her hair so it fell down. He then
  removed the cuffs.  
 "Stand on that box and take off all your clothes."  
 Peggy's eyes opened wide in mild shock at his order. Canjac was surprised
  that she was surprised at all.  
 Canjac pulled a chair around so he was at a 45-degree angle to the side.
  She realized he did this so anyone outside would have an unobstructed view
  of her body.  
 She wanted to play at being a slave girl.  
 He was giving her the chance to do that.  
 Peggy stared at him for a few seconds, her eyes growing in narrow slits
  as she wondered what he was up to.  
 Would she refuse to strip?  
 Since one of her fantasies was that of being naked in public, that isn't
  very likely.  
 Slowly she pulled off her top. By the time it landed on the floor, she was
  already removing her bra. She managed to get the long skirt off without falling
  off the block. That left only the panties. She partially bent over, partially
  squatted as she pushed them down to her ankles. Using her right foot, he kicked
  them at Canjac who caught them just as they were about to hit his face.  
 "Lock your hands together behind your head. Stare outside."  
 He studied her as she did that. Since she pretended to be a slave girl,
  she stared straight out the window where several people passing by glanced
  in her direction.  
 She felt her nipples growing hard and pointed.  
 Being naked in public was arousing her.  
 Canjac noticed this too.  
 "Perhaps I should have used two blocks. That way you could stand with your
  legs spread."  
 She jerked her head about to look at him, then turned to stare straight
  ahead. He had ordered her to stare out the window. She knew that if she were
  truly a slave girl, he would have no choice but to punish her for that.  
 He noticed the trace of a smile on her lips.  
 This alcove was outfitted with all the accoutrements needed to chastise/play
  with a slave girl. Canjac walked to the back wall where there was a crank on
  a wall. By turning it, he lowered chains from overhead pulleys. At the end
  of each there was a leather cuff. Pulling her right arm up, he wrapped a cuff
  about Peggy's wrists so she now had to stand with her hand above her head.
  He stepped behind her to the left to get at that wrist.  
 "Up on you tiptoes," he ordered as he returned to the crank. It made a noisy,
  metallic, clanking sound as he turned the handle to draw all slack from the
  chains. He did not draw her into the air, he merely made certain she could
  not get down from her tiptoes.  
 "You know, this isn't a very comfortable position," she pointed out.  
 Canjac had a solution to that.  
 "Open up."  
 He held the ballgag harness for her to see. She stuck her lower lip out
  as though to pout before opening her mouth so he could push the rubber ball
  into her mouth.  
 (Yes, the correct description is "push" instead of "shove.")  
 He ducked under her raised arms to get at the harness. With his experience,
  it took only a couple minutes for him to finish buckling the harness about
  her head. He pulled the ends of the central strap about her head, buckling
  them at the nape of her neck so she could not push the rubber ball from her
  mouth with her tongue.  
 He pulled the remainder of the head harness up across her face. A pair of
  straps ram diagonally from just outside her mouth to the bridge of her nose.
  They were riveted to form a single strap that continued across her forward,
  the top of her head, and down in back where he buckled it to the central strap.  
 "Bite down on the ball," he ordered.  
 As soon as she did that, he buckled the ends of the chinstrap together.
  She could ease her bite a little but not enough to make it worthwhile trying
  to say anything.  
 The ballgag harness had one extra feature. There were straps so he could
  fasten a blindfold over her eyes. Another strap encircled her head to hold
  the pads in place. These pads were attached to the harness by snaps so once
  he had this added feature in place, she could see nothing.  
 Canjac left the alcove momentarily. He returned in less than a minute with
  a pair of leather cuffs. He attached one to each ankle. As soon as he finished,
  he grabbed her right ankle, pulling it out to the side. A chain kept it away
  from the box.  
 He moved around to her left. She tried to resist as he pulled her left leg
  to the left. Nothing she did could stop him though. When her foot left the
  box, she dangled in the air from those chains.  
 Quickly he attached a chain to the cuff so that when he let go, she had
  to remain hanging there with her legs spread.  
 She was helplessly bound, there was no doubt of that but she could still
  thrash about. For a purist such as Canjac, that was unacceptable. He moved
  to the right to shorten the chain a few centimeters. Then he moved over to
  the left to do the same. After making a few other adjustments, he had her legs
  spread so she could not move them at all.  
 Standing behind her, he placed one hand on each of her hips. He slid them
  forward toward her belly. The movement was an oval, ending up near where it
  started. His hands moved forward again.  
 She knew his hands were moving slowly toward her tits. She wanted him to
  caress them, but that was not her decision. He decided when he would fondle
  them. She became convinced he would take them in his firm grasp each time his
  hands came close, but all he did was rub the edge of his fingers across the
  bottom arc of each globe. His hands began to move downwards, down, down, until
  they were where they began.  
 They started up again, teasing her with each touch. Again, they did nothing
  more than touch her titties with a feather touch of a true master before starting
  down toward her navel again.  
 As the hands approached her navel, his left hand continued down toward her
  crotch. The right hand moved quickly to her right tit. The nipple became hard
  and pointed between his thumb and index finger.  
 She thought little about that though. Her thoughts were on the other hands
  moving closer to her pussy. His fingers rubbed up and down across her pubic
  hair.  
 Just when she though he would stimulate her love next, he withdrew both
  hands.  
 "Mmmmmfffffttttt!!"  
 Like she had any say in the matter.  
 Quietly he moved around in front of her. He bent slightly to take her left
  nipple in his mouth.  
 He stopped when the beautiful brunette was close to an orgasm. Oh, she was
  going to have one (or more) eventually, but he would decided when. His hands
  played with both titties until both nipples seemed to want to explode off those
  large, supple mounds. He drew his hands away.  
 Right now he had business to do with Michelle.  
 To the side there was a chalkboard on the wall where the binder could leave
  instructions for anyone passing by to add their own torment to the captive's
  plight.  
 He wrote: "Do not disturb."  
 When he returned to Peggy, she would be begging for him to allow her to
  come. (If he was so foolish to remove the ballgag from her mouth.)  
 He turned in the check stub to claim the brunette from the check booth.
  He heaved her over his shoulder to carry her to the room where he status would
  be officially changed to that of slave girl.  
 The French Maids waited, cuffed and tethered. Though they did not wear blindfolds,
  they saw nothing as each stared at the wall before her. He had to admit that
  they were well trained.  
 He knew they considered being a French Maid as a position of honor. Men
  and woman had the opportunity to see their bodies. The outfits they wore served
  no other purpose than to make their bodies appear even sexier.  
 "Get her dressed in this," he said, indicating a package he had sent over
  earlier in the day.  
 The two stripped Michelle down bare assed naked. Her basic lingerie items
  would be those of a slave girl.  
 One French Maid wrapped the black, lace garterbelt about the woman's hips
  while another prepared the sheer black stockings. Once she had the garterbelt
  hooked, she adjusted it so it fit snugly against the brunette's hips.  
 She then held Michelle so her sister slave could pull the first stocking
  up her right leg. When she had it up to mid-thigh, she cupped the material
  at the ankle. Slowly she drew her hands up, smoothing out the material. When
  she finished with the right leg, she repeated the effort with the left. She
  was an experience slave girl so it took her on a few minutes to get the stockings
  on the captive.  
 While she attached the tab in front to the top of the stockings, the second
  French Maid released her grip so she could do the same to the tab on the side.  
 The panties were next. They were white satin bikini briefs. The woman's
  patch of dark hair showed through the thin material at her crotch. They looked
  similar to the white cotton panties a free woman would wear, only they were
  sexier. They were the attire of a slave girl.  
 The high heels were also those of a slave girl. One strap went about her
  ankle and another across the top of her foot so she could not kick them off.
  Though by now the buxom brunette had much experience wearing that type of shoes,
  she still could not move quickly. The stiletto heels became another element
  of her bondage.  
The bra was next. While it was white, the cups were made of sheer white nylon.
  It lifted Michelle's oversized boobs, but anyone could see the nipples through
  the material. It served the function of a free woman's bra while at the same
  time providing the  
The white cotton blouse was next. The material was thin and cut so it fitted
  tightly to the wearer's body. The dark circles of the nipples were visible
  through the blouse.  
The final item was the long, black satin skirt. No self-respecting free woman
  would should off her legs in public as though she was a slave girl. The dress
  covered her body from the waist to her ankles, but was so tight that it showed
  off every curve of her bottom and hips.  
Well, what else do you expect? Canjac dresses Michelle as a free woman and
  she still looks like a slave girl.  
Maybe there is a lesson to be learned from this. No matter how you wrap a
  present, it remains a present.  
A ballgag was something you would expect a slave girl to wear so that was
  not appropriate for her. Canjac removed it, replacing it with a pair of wadded
  up panties. He secured them in the captive's mouth with a strip of duct tape
  six centimeters wide.  
He stepped around the captive to get a narrow strap that he tossed to the
  nearest French Maid. She squatted to loop it about Michelle's feet, under the
  arches and over the top. She buckled the ends together. With this she had Michelle's
  feet bound together.  
Canjac was busy while the slave girl did that. At the far end of the room
  there was a cloak closet. He opened the door wide to allow some light to get
  in.  
He walked back to the bound captive. Without a word to Michelle, he picked
  her up and slung her over his shoulder. He carried her into the closet, setting
  her down so she faced the door. He turned her about so she faced the wall.
  There was nothing she had to see.  
She was not a slave girl.  
Yet.  
Canjac closed the door behind him. Michelle would stay in place until he
  was ready for her.  
He glanced at the clock on the wall, wondering if he had time to check on
  Peggy before the festivities began. First he had to secure the French Maids.
  It took him only seconds to cuff their hands behind their backs. A few more
  seconds to tether them to rings on the wall.  
He took a step toward the door, but by then, his guests had begun to arrive.
  When all the bidders had arrived (and they all arrived early as no one wanted
  to miss out on the festivities), he explained the rules.  
He needed the notary to certify that Michelle was a free woman. His function
  would occur soon.  
When he had explained what was to happen to everyone, he returned to the
  closet to get the captive. Once again, he picked her up to carry her into the
  room. By then the men had taken their seats.  
Canjac set the buxom captive down in front of the notary. He removed the
  blindfold, gag, and bonds in that order. Michelle had to begin these proceedings
  as a free woman.  
"Are you a free woman?'  
"Yes I am."  
"Do you freely consent to be sold as a slave girl?"  
"Yes, I do."  
"Sign these papers here, here and here."\  
A bureaucracy is a bureaucracy regardless of the time or place.  
"You realize that you are giving up all rights as a free woman by signing?"  
"Yes, I do."  
As soon as she had signed the third paper, Canjac reached around her to cup
  her jaw with his left hand. His right held the leather gag.  
"Open up. You have nothing worthwhile to say any more."  
A free woman would have been offended at such a statement directed at her,
  but Michelle had stopped thinking of herself as a free woman long before. She
  knew that what Canjac said was true.  
H had no trouble buckling the ends of the strap together behind her head
  as her hair was still pinned up.  
"Hands behind your back."  
He used rope, as that was more personal. She would feel each loop on her
  flesh and revile in the pleasure of the helplessness.  
When he finished binding her wrists together, he used another rope to bind
  her upper arms together immediately above the elbow. When he stepped back,
  she could not resist at all.  
"I want you to go to each of our prospective buyers here, and let them know
  what you want."  
Michelle knew what she was to do. Canjac told her and had her practice several
  times. Showing her subservience could only increase her sale value.  
Stepping in front of the first man, she curtseyed, then knelt.  
"Please buy me, Master."  
She came to her feet, moved a couple meters to her right where she curtseyed
  and knelt again.  
"Please buy me, Master."  
It took her only a minute to make it around to the four men.  
She then returned to Canjac.  
"I think they need additional proof of just how much you want to be owned.
  Show them want you want to do."  
The beautiful brunette returned to the first man where she curtseyed and
  knelt again.  
"Please, Master, please let me suck you cock."  
Canjac knew this would take Michelle an hour or more to make all four come.
  He had time to enhance Peggy's bondage experience.  
"If I'm not back when she is down, send her around once more."  
No one would object. In the meantime, his goal was Peggy.  
Slave Girls in Bondage 
Chapter 82 
It will come as no surprise to anyone paying attention that Canjac found Peggy
  in the exact same position in which he left her. 
He paused at the entrance of the alcove to watch her. Her hands moved a little
  in her bondage. It was a normal reaction for a woman bound. For some, it was
  a futile attempt to escape. For others it was a means of assuring themselves
  that they were in fact helplessly bound. 
He stepped forward, within a couple meters so he could inspect her bonds.
  Her flesh was a little red about the bonds, that was to be expected. It was
  not widespread and it was not severe. She had not struggle much with her bondage. 
He had left her helpless bound, and she accepted her fate. 
He moved quietly to her, placing his left hand on her left tit. He felt her
  body convulse as he kneaded it, then left his hand slide across to her right
  titties. She reacted as she did from the surprise of his touch. The floor was
  carpeted so a captive would not know if she was being inspected or not. She
  reacted from surprise, not from any unwillingness to be fondled. His right
  hand already moved from her belly to her crotch. 
�Mmmmmmffffffttttt!.� 
He suspected (correctly) that she had been bound in various positions before.
  That was the problem when one had a willing captive. When he dealt with a slave
  girl, his choices were simple. He bound her any way he wanted. She was a slave
  girl so she had to submit to his wishes. 
Binding a free woman was different. The problem was to make it new and exciting
  so she would want to come back for more. 
To make it more interesting for Peggy, he decided on something different.
  That was why she found herself on all fours staring out the window while Canjac
  fastened a leather belt about her waist. He had removed the blindfold attachment
  of the ballgag harness so anyone outside could see her beautiful face, and
  at the same time she could see everyone watching her. 
He shifted the belt about her waist a little so the buckle was in front while
  there was a sturdy D-ring on either side on top. This belt had six D-rings
  spaced along it. He attached chains to the rings, chains that rose a couple
  meters in the air before joining together at a ring. A third chain was attached
  to the ring. It ran to a pulley on the wall via a couple of overhead pulleys. 
He did not shorten the chain, not yet. 
Another strap went about her upper chest, under her arms but above her large
  bosom. As with the other strap, this one had several D-rings. He adjusted the
  placement of the strap so he had one D-ring between her shoulder blades. 
He wanted two chains in back so she could not alter the position of her bottom.
  It did not matter in front. (If she squirmed around, she would merely make
  her titties wobble back and forth). 
There was no pulley immediately overhead, but the builder of this fine establishment
  had the forethought to make the bondage accessories flexible. Canjac moved
  swiftly to the far end of the alcove where a chain dangled down from a pulley.
  This pulley, instead of being mounted securely on the ceiling, was suspended
  from a track. By pulling on the chain, he slid the pulley along the track until
  he had it over Peggy. (Okay, it was not in the ideal location being close to
  her waist, but the position would do for what he wanted.) He attached the end
  of the chain to the ring on the leather strap. 
He left the leather cuffs buckled about her wrists and ankles. To each ring
  he attached a chain that ran from her body to a small pool of steel links on
  the floor beside her. 
Peggy stared straight ahead. As it was, she stared at the small group of men
  who had assembled to watch the proceedings. Each had business elsewhere, but
  the prospects of seeing a beautiful woman, slave girl or free, bound in an
  interesting position was too tempting to pass up. 
She saw their lips moving. She wondered what they talked about. Was her position?
  Or was it her naked body? Or perhaps a combination of both. 
Canjac moved to the wall to turn the crank. As he spun it about, the chain
  shortened, making a loud clanking sound as the links passed through the mechanism.
  At first it merely caused the leather strap to dig into Peggy slender body,
  but within seconds it caused the strap to pull her rump into the air. Her rear
  end rose in the air millimeter by millimeter until her knees left the ground.
  As her derriere moved up, she left her feet slid forward across the carpeting.
  When she stood (bent over) with her knees bent slightly, he stopped turning
  and locked the crank in position. 
What he had done put the beautiful brunette is a somewhat amusing position.
  Her bottom was in the air, about at normal height, but her shoulders were still
  near the floor, supported by her arms. 
He pulled her right leg to the right. Measuring out about half a meter of
  chain he fastened a link to a ring set in the floor. 
He had once heard the owner boast that the tavern had 10,000 locks but only
  one key. What he meant, of course, was that all the locks took the same key.
  Thus, a master (or mistress) could chain up a comesome wench without worrying
  about losing the key. Canjac used one of the locks to secure the chain to the
  ring. 
This room had many floor mounted rings available to the user. Most were in
  small recesses in the floor, like the one Canjac used. Inserting an index finger
  in a notch, he raised the covering to reveal the ring. After attaching the
  chain link to the ring with a simple clasp, he closed the covering. A slot
  halfway down the metal device allowed the chain to emerge. Canjac could rotate
  the covering so the chain ran in a straight line to whomever the other end
  was secured to. 
Moving over to her left, he repeated the process. 
She now could not move her legs together. He stepped behind her to rub his
  hand up and down her inner thighs. The instinctively reaction was to pull her
  legs together, but the cuffs and chains prohibited from doing that. 
He returned to the crank to twist it half a dozen times, shortening the chain
  so he had Peggy's feet pulled off the floor. 
He turned his attention to her arms. He secured the chains to rings in the
  floor as he did with her feet, but this time he made the chains about a meter
  long. 
He moved back to inspect the position of the captive's legs. Squatting, he
  shortened the chain to her right ankle. 
The chain to the pulley above her shoulders did not run to a crank on the
  wall. Since it was movable., it had a chain loop so an end of the chain would
  increasingly be in the way. By continually pulling down on the loop, the wheel
  in the pulley turned, drawing the working end of the chain in the air. A loop
  of unused chain grew larger as he worked. 
The chain became shorter � Peggy's shoulders rose in the air. 
There was more to just hoisting the captive beauty in the air. A sense of
  propriety had to be maintained. By propriety, we mean her bottom had to be
  higher than her shoulders. 
He adjusted all the chains once again before returning to the chain that controlled
  the height of her hips. Turning the crank a few more times, he drew all slack
  from those chains running between her ankles and the rings in the floor. 
Canjac circled around the captive to insure the bottom half of her body was
  in the ideal position. 
He turned his attention back to the single chain that ran to the belt about
  her upper chest. This chain required less effort than the other. While there
  was a double-pulley system that minimized the amount of energy needed, the
  other chain held the bulk of Peggy's weight (which was not much, less than
  fifty kilos). 
When he finished with the chains, he was not quite done with the young woman's
  bondage. Attaching an elastic strap to the ring on top the ballgag harness,
  he pulled her head up so he could fastened the other end of the strap to that
  chain holding up her shoulders. She could pull her head forward but the strain
  was too much to maintain that position long. Invariably, she would pull her
  head up again. 
He walked about her, inspecting her from all angles. 
Every portion of her exquisite body was visible. She had no modesty bound
  as she was. She could not hide anything (as though she wanted to). With her
  head back, she could only stare out the window where anyone had an unobstructed
  view of her from the front. Head back, arms spread, her large titties dangled
  down for all to see. From the back, her pussy was not only visible, but also
  available for use. 
From the sides, her titties could be seen, hanging down to maximum length. 
Canjac needed only one more item. 
Before he could say anything to the bartender, he heard a cheer from a room
  on the far side of the room and to the right. 
�Party?� 
�They playing �Grab Your Ankles.' They must have found a new contestant.� 
Canjac's aversion to unnecessary physical torment of a slave girl has already
  been documented. �Grab Your Ankles.� Now that was a game with which he was
  unfamiliar. 
�They bet on who can't take the punishment.� 
�What?� 
�Each contestant gets a whack on the fanny. Every time they cry out they lose
  an article of clothing. The first to fall to her knees loses. You can go over
  and bet if you want to.� 
Intrigued by the nature of the game, he had to go. 
The room had four sofas and about a dozen stuffed chairs. They had rearranged
  the placement of the furniture so they had an open area before a coffee table. 
A man inside the door fingered a gold crown. When Canjac paused just inside
  the door, he looked over. 
�A real corundum. Two blondes.� 
�Who are the contestants?� 
�That blonde and that blonde and that brunette over there.� 
Canjac realized what the man meant about there being corundum. In a contest
  between a blonde and a brunette, the smart money would bet on the blonde submitting
  first. Two blondes presented a problem. Either could be the first to submit. 
Canjac found a man seated on a sofa taking bets. 
�What's the minimum bet?� 
�Whatever you have in your pocket.� 
�Two thalens on the brunette.� 
He moved to one wall so he could watch without being in the way. A woman with
  ash blonde hair participated in an animated discussion with three men. Every
  time she finished her drink, they gave her another one. 
He wondered if she would have agreed to this if she were sober. 
His eyes moved to a honey blonde leaning against a wall. He controlled her
  drinking and said little. She seemed to be laughing at the men with her eyes. 
Two men tried to talk to the brunette but she said nothing and took only little
  sips of her drink. 
�Who's the favorite?� he asked the man next to him. 
As he raised his drink toward his lips, he gestured toward the ash blonde.
  After taking a sip, he gestured toward the brunette. 
�It's real interesting tonight. The brunette's something of a ringer. Most
  women only do this once. You can't pour enough alcohol into them to get them
  to do it a second time. This is the brunette's second time, second time that
  I know of. She bets on her opponent to lose.� 
�Ladies, we are ready to begin.� 
The three moved slowly to the area of the room that had been cleared for the
  contest. They were willing participants and could back out at any time. It
  looked as though they thought the first to arrive in line would be the first
  to get a smack on the fanny. 
�Let me go over the rules again. 
�Each woman will get one swat with a switch. If she cries out, she loses an
  article of clothing. The order of clothing removal is: shoes, top, pants, bra
  and then panties. When a woman loses her panties, she no longer deserves a
  blow from a switch. At this point we switch to a wooden paddle. 
�If you want to end the contest, you have only to fall to your knees. 
�As a remainder � any clothing lost during the contest will not be returned
  until closing time. 
�Are there any questions?� 
�Who spanks us?� asked the ash blonde. 
�I was about to get to that. Bring her in.� 
Canjac looked at the doorway. A woman appeared in sight leading a French Maid.
  The captive moved without hesitation even though she wore a leather blindfold.
  No doubt she was an experienced slave girl used to being led about. The woman
  holding her leash led her about the room so everyone could see her. She led
  the slave girl over in front of the three where she jerked down on the leash.
  The woman knelt. 
�This is Darcy, supplied to us by the inn. Darcy has done this before, and
  knows the rules. The rule that applies to her is if in our opinion she does
  not hit a contestant hard enough, she receives a whack on the bottom with a
  wooden paddle. The second time, she gets two and so forth. Tell me, Darcy,
  are you going to get any swats tonight?� 
The blindfolded beauty shook her head. 
�Give her a switch and we will begin.� 
They moved the three contests apart so the slave girl would have no problem
  welding the switch and paddle. 
By the time they had them in position, they had the French Maid's blindfold
  off along with the handcuffs. Darcy moved to the end of the line where she
  curtsey, a signal that she was ready to begin. 
�Ladies, grab you ankles!� 
The three young women bent over. Darcy gave them no time to think about their
  fate. Crack! She stepped forward four small steps (in the stiletto heels she
  could not take large steps). Crack! Four more steps. Crack! 
Of the three, only the brunette had not cried out. The men and women in the
  room cheered as the two blondes stepped out of their shoes. The hands of all
  three rubbed their bottoms. 
�Grab your ankles.� 
The three bent over again. Crack! Darcy stepped backwards. The honey blonde
  must have expected her to move in the same order as she gave a little cry as
  she straightened up. 
Crack! Crack! 
�Inez�� 
The honey blonde pulled her top off, wavered it over her head a few times,
  and let it fly into the crowd. 
�Grab your ankles.� 
Crack! Crack! Crack! Darcy moved up the line. Crack! Crack! Crack! She moved
  back down. 
On the sixth blow, the brunette lost her shoes and the ash blonde lost her
  top. 
In five minutes, the two blondes stood there wearing only panties. The brunette
  was little better off as she had only her panties and bra. 
�Grab your ankles!� 
Crack! The brunette gave a little cry as she straightened up. She did not
  wait. Before Darcy had finished with the blows, she removed her bra, tossing
  it in Canjac's general direction. It did not reach him though as a man seated
  before him intercepted it as it flew through the air. 
The French Maid brought the switch down as hard as she could against the ash
  blonde's bottom. 
Crack! 
�Ahhhhgggggh!� 
She pushed her panties down to the floor. As they slid down her legs, she
  began rubbing her bottom with both hands. 
Crack! 
�Ahhhhgggggh!� 
So, what we have is a pair of blondes, stark naked, with a brunette wearing
  on her panties. 
�Grab your ankles!� 
Crack! 
Everyone expected the brunette to cry out but she did not. 
There was a delay in the proceedings as the French Maid had to retrieve a
  paddle from one of the men. She handed him the switch and got the wood paddle
  in exchange. She curtseyed before returning to the ash blonde. 
Whack! 
�Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!� 
She had no more clothing to lose so it did not matter whether she cried out
  or not. Canjac could not see her bottom from where he stood, but those standing
  behind her saw a red rectangle beginning to form on her bottomcheeks. 
The French Maid got the switch back, curtseyed, and returned to the honey
  blonde. 
Crack! 
�Ahhhhgggggh!� 
That blonde pushed her panties off her hips but stopped. She was having second
  thoughts. She did not want to get whacked by the paddle. There was no law that
  said she had to continue in the game, but she guessed (correctly) that if she
  did not continue, when the tavern closed, no one would give her back her clothes.
  She did not look forward to the prospect of running home naked. 
The panties fell to her ankles. She stepped out of them, then kicked them
  to the side. 
�Grab your ankles!� 
Crack! 
Tears streamed down the brunette's face but she did not make a sound. 
The French Maid exchanged the switch for the paddle. 
Where would the blow fall? The first had fallen on the upper part of her buttocks.
  Should she make the second land on top the first, or should she make the bottom
  part her target. 
A moot point. 
As she drew the paddle back to deliver the ash blonde's second whack with
  it, the target fell to all fours. 
�Please, no more!� 
A cheer went up from the spectators. All right. Nobody had made a killing
  as she was the favorite. 
�The perky ones are always the first to go,� the man said to Canjac before
  finishing his drink. �It shows they had a deep-seated fear of the paddle.� 
All eyes were on the loser but let us turn our attention momentarily to the
  brunette. This was her fourth game of �Grab Your Ankles� and though she had
  not gotten as much betting against the others as she would have hoped, she
  knew she would still get a reward. She pushed her panties down and kicked them
  aside (hoping that everyone would ignore them so she could find them when she
  was ready to go home). She placed both hands behind her back. 
She had to wait for less than a minute before some slapped a pair of handcuffs
  on her wrists. A small spreader bar was placed between her elbows and a leather
  strap buckled about each arm. She could not pull her elbows together which
  meant she could not lower her hands to her bottom. 
Others were securing the others in the same position. The honey blonde had
  no idea what was going on when they tried to put the handcuffs on her wrists.
  The ash blonde had rolled onto her left side, forcing them to pull her back
  to her knees so they could get the handcuffs on her. 
The brunette stepped forward so she stood immediately behind the man on the
  blonde's left fastening that strap of the spreader bar. Once they had the blonde
  bound, they pulled her to her knees. The brunette pushed past the man. 
A woman standing behind the blonde pulled her head back by pulling on her
  hair. By instinct her mouth opened. The brunette moved forward, straddling
  the blonde's body so she could move forward to plant her pussy on the woman's
  face. 
�Losers have to reward the winners!� 
Several people cheered as she moved her body up and down to rub her pussy
  on the woman's face. 
Canjac had lost, and he was not interested in taking any revenge on the blonde
  for losing. She did not measure up to his standards to be a slave girl, and
  he had two women there in the tavern that did. 
�Rats!� 
He had spent more time in there than he thought. It was almost time for Michelle's
  auction to begin. 
He trotted to the bar to rent a slave collar. The bar tender loaned it to
  him for free. 
When he returned to Peggy he tossed it on the floor under her head. She could
  not see it but that did not matter. People outside would. The collar lying
  on the floor indicated that Peggy did not wear one. 
�We'll have to play later,� he promised her as he let his right hand gently
  glide across her bottom and down the back of her left thigh. 
He removed the �Do Not Disturb,� sign outside the alcove, replacing it with
  a �Please Disturb.� 
With any luck, Peggy would be rewarded for her submissive behavior by having
  a number of men available themselves of her pussy. What's more, anyone standing
  outside could watch. 
Canjac returned to the room to discover that Michelle had not quite finished
  yet. As it was she had two men to go. 
He had not realized just how good she was. 
For a couple minutes he contemplated returning to Peggy, but was unsure. He
  certainly did not want to disappoint his clientele. He could tell those serviced
  already by the buxom brunette were anxious to begin the bidding. 
They would not have objected if Canjac began the bidding before Michelle had
  service the auctioneer and the notary. He had to wait though. There were certain
  steps that had to be taken. His clients knew that. 
Michelle rose to her feet, curtseyed, and moved the notary. Canjac stepped
  outside to glance at the clock. The evening had passed quickly. He had time
  to conduct an orderly auction. They would let him keep the room even if the
  inn itself closed to business. He was a customer they did not want to offend. 
Canjac leaned against the wall next to the door watching Michelle do what
  she did best. The notary's hands gripping her head indicated he was about to
  come. 
As soon as she moved her head back, he moved forward. She had no need of her
  mouth until it came time to thank her new owner for putting a collar about
  her neck. 
By exerting a little upwards pressure on her shoulders, he indicated she should
  rise. As she did that, the auctioneer pushed a stool before the bidders. Michelle
  took her place on it, kneeling before the men. 
�Do you have the listing?� 
Canjac pulled a paper from a pocket. The auctioneer glanced at it before carefully
  folding it and placing it in his pocket where he could get to it. 
�When the bidding reaches a certain, pre-specified level, that bidder will
  have the right to remove an article of clothing from Michelle. When the reserve
  amount is met, she will be displayed for your viewing pleasure.� 
Yeah, they could have plunked her down on the stool buck naked and let the
  men bid on her, but this way was more fun. 
(Canjac glanced out the door. It was more time-consuming also. His thoughts
  were on Peggy.) 
�Does anyone wish to open the bidding with a single pfenning?� 
Generally, starting the bidding that low would be a blow to the little slave
  girl's self-esteem. She thought herself a virtual sex machine, worth scores
  of gold crowns. Of course, no slave girl every sold for that much, but they
  thought they were worth it. (Not surprisingly, a glut in the market has driven
  the price of slave girls down.) 
The bids increased as fast as the auctioneers could announce them. It took
  only seconds to reach the first threshold. 
The auctioneer helped Michelle off the stool. She stood before the man as
  he fumbled around for his disrobing knife. (All men carried a disrobing knife � just
  in case.) 
Ropes about her wrists secured Michelle's arms behind her back. The man started
  at the neckline of the blouse and slowly pulled down, the sharp edge slicing
  the material to the waist. He pulled the blouse from the waistband of the skirt.
  Grabbing her by the waist with both hands, he turned her a little to the left
  so he could repeat the process on the other side. Once he had it cut in front,
  he turned her around to cut it down the back. The long sleeves were next. 
When he started, it had been a simple cotton blouse. When he finished, it
  was a group of tattered rags that he pulled loose so they could drop to the
  floor. 
The auctioneer slowly turned the captive brunette around so the man could
  inspect his handiwork. He them moved her to the right and then to the left
  so each bidder had a good look at those dark nipples showing through the think
  material. 
Michelle returned to the stool. 
�The current bid is two thalens.� 
It did not take long for the bidding to reach three thalens, fifty pfennings,
  the next level. 
A different man had placed that bid. Michelle stood before him so he could
  hook the curved blade of his disrobing knife in the waistband of the black
  satin skirt. He drew the blade down. The sharp edge cut easily through the
  material. Because the tip was curved, it did not mar her skin. 
Panties and bra. Too little clothing for a free woman, too much for a slave
  girl. 
The bids rose quickly. Michelle knelt before the man who had placed the threshold
  bid. A slice down between her large supple mounds caused the cups to fall outward.
  A couple cuts on the shoulder straps and the bra fluttered to the floor. 
Since he had placed the bid, he was the first to caress those mounds. Michelle
  begged him with her eyes to buy her. 
Each of the other bidders had the opportunity to fondle her. Michelle silently
  begged each to buy her. 
The panties soon joined the tattered bra on the floor. She turned about. With
  her legs spread she bent over so each man could examine her love nest. A woman's
  most prized possession was about to become a public playground. 
The bids skyrocketed from that point. In a matter of minutes the buxom brunette
  knelt on the floor so she could place her neck against the collar. The proceedings
  were all quite legal and proper. The bidding had exceeded Canjac's expectations.
  Michelle's desire to be a good little slave girl had forced her selling price
  to be much higher than he had expected. 
Michelle was now a slave girl. 
Once again she used her mouth on the man, this time to thank him for turning
  her into a slave girl. 
Canjac wanted to leave but could not. Michelle still had to thank each man
  for bidding on her. By the time her master took her from the room she had been
  used as a slave girl so often that she could not remember when she had not
  worn a collar. 
Canjac thanked each bidder and promised each he would keep him in mind the
  next time he had such an item to sell. 
By then, the inn was closed. Peggy was gone. 
The bartender motioned him over. 
�That brunette, she wanted me to give you this.� 
He handed him a piece of paper. Canjac unfolded it and smiled. Tossing the
  bartender a thalen for his services, he tucked the paper deep in a pocket where
  he would not lose it. 
Peggy has become Canjac's Achilles heel. 
Would anyone we've met so far be so brazen as to exploit that? 
Slave Girls in Bondage 
Chapter 83
Now you all may be wondering: just what happened to Andrea? 
Debbie had used her as she always did. When she was done, she tethered her
  in the hall where someone from the kennel would come to get her. It was a standard
  procedure. There was little fear of theft. (Or would it be rustling?) Slave
  girls were so plentiful they were inexpensive. Why take the chance stealing
  one and paying a find worth more than the value of the slave girl herself? 
Unless, of course, there is one particular slave girl you want. 
Andrea paid no attention to the man who freed the tether line from the wall.
  She was a good little slave girl. She went where she was led. Her concerns
  ended where the leash attached to her collar. She had nothing else to think
  or worry about. That was the responsibility of the person holding the leash,
  the person making the decisions, the person deciding where they would. 
So much responsibility. 
Andrea was glad she was a slave girl. 
She did not recognize their destination but that did not matter. The man tethered
  her to a ring beside a door, no doubt the slave girls' entrance. Since one
  ring mounted on a wall looked like any other, the buxom blonde did not thing
  anything was out of the ordinary. She stepped back a few centimeters so she
  would not hit her head. Spreading her legs apart, she bent over so every could
  see what a lovely bottom she had. 
Within a few minutes someone came for her. (As a slave girl, Andrea no longer
  had a concept of time.) A mistress clad in black leather freed the end of her
  leash, using it to guide her inside. Once within the building, she gave the
  leash to a French Maid. 
Debbie had a French Maid's outfit that she had the blonde wear at least once
  a week. Her mistress would take her back to the cosmetology college so she
  could show her off. 
Of course, none of her former friends recognized her. She was just another
  sexy, blonde slave girl. 
Andrea was proud of the fact that her mistress trusted her so much that she
  would leave her alone in the students' lounge. Tethered to a table, on her
  knees before a chair, she would beg each woman who came into sight, �Please,
  Mistress, let me clean your pussy.� 
Andrea said nothing else, though she did purr contentedly as she used her
  tongue to make other women come. She was so proud of the job she had done when
  she caused the other woman to come. 
Of course, none recognized her, not even her former roommate Miranda. Andrea
  had considered the brunette her best friend while she was a coed. She was especially
  happy when this woman came. 
A pat on the head and the comforting words, �Good girl,� was all the reward
  she needed. 
Back to the present. They took her inside a room where the mistress had her
  stand facing a wall while she took the French Maid outside. She returned a
  minute later to prepare the blonde for her new master. She removed Andrea's
  dress, leaving her only wearing her black satin garterbelt, sheer black stockings
  and high heels. She knelt on a pair of stools. By pulling the stools apart,
  she forced her to spread her knees. 
A leather strap about each stool crossed the blonde's calves. She could not
  move her legs from the stool top. 
Next the mistress ran chains down from the ceiling to the rings on the sides
  of her collar. When the length was adjusted, she could not alter her position
  at all. 
The last thing she did was place a leather blindfold over her eyes. Andrea
  was only a slave girl. She had no need to see what went on about her. 
For some time she remained alone in that position. Eventually she heard someone
  enter the room, a man by the sound of the footsteps. 
He slowly circled her. 
Andrea felt no embarrassment at this. As a slave girl she was used to having
  others inspect her body. She felt pride knowing that of all the slave girls
  in the kennel, people thought enough of her to inspect her body. 
She did jump a little when she felt a hand on her left tittie. It was a man's
  man. It was large and it was warm. Women had a tendency to go for the nipple
  immediately, squeezing and pinching to cause her pain. 
This hand massaged the large globe, returning to the nipple again and again
  until it was hard. 
She felt him move around behind her. His other hand fondled the right tit. 
He continued to fondle her until she was aroused. Abruptly he stopped. 
The beautiful blonde whimpered a little protest as she heard him leave the
  room. She wanted more. 
More was what she was going to get. 
Mortimer T. Munchkin returned to the room a few minutes later. He had paid
  well for them to find out who owned this beautiful blonde. More research showed
  how she was transported about, where she was left unattended, and who might
  come to get her. 
Slowly he circled her again, inspecting her as he would any other expensive
  object he had purchased. The pleasing curves of her body matched the beauty
  of her face. 
The next step was tactile inspection. He stood behind her, his hands cupping
  her titties. When he was finished kneading them, his hands moved down toward
  her pussy. 
Andrea's breath became short and her heart beat faster. She was a totally
  submissive slave girl, but women had only used her body. For a few seconds,
  her mind flashed back to when she was a free woman. She would never have let
  any man place his hands down there. 
When she was a free woman. 
Now she was a slave girl. 
Many women had played with her pussy, so many that she had come to enjoy it.
  Now a man played with it. His fingers rubbed it and probed it. 
She felt her nipples become so hard and pointed she thought they might explode
  from her chest. 
She felt sorry when he took his hand away. He started doing something with
  her long hair, forming it into pigtails that came down as far as her waist. 
Pigtails? 
�Why would he want my hair in pigtails?� she thought as he tied something
  to keep them in that shape. 
She felt him holding the pigtails with one hand while the other pushed her
  shoulders forward and down. She thought he might push her over, but realized
  his hold on her hair kept her from moving forward all the way. 
Bent over, her pussy was exposed. When he rammed his hips against her bottom,
  her body moved forward, but the grip he had on the pigtails kept her from falling
  forward. Every forward thrust caused her hair to pull at the roots with rather
  intense pain, but she did not care. 
�Mmmm!� 
No man had used her since she became a slave girl. 
�Mmmmmmfffff!� 
She had forgotten how good it felt. 
�Mmmm! Mmmm! Mmmm! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!� 
The orgasm was the best she had every had. She wanted thank Debbie for allowing
  this man to� 
Of course he wasn't finished. He had no come yet. 
�Mmmm!� 
The second orgasm came faster than the first, and the third even faster. Every
  time her body shook with ecstasy, she remembered how much she enjoyed being
  a slave girl. 
She was exhausted by the time he came. 
She was not finished performing though. 
Using the pigtails he pulled her upright so he could unbuckle the strap holding
  the rubber ball in her mouth. Stepping around in front of the captive, he removed
  the gag, then the blindfold. 
With both hands on her head he pushed her body down so her bottom came to
  rest on her legs. Her face was near his cock. 
�Suck on it. Make me proud of you.� 
Andrea took the whole shaft in her mouth. She had no leverage in this position,
  but she jerked her head up and down as quickly as she could. If she could make
  him hard, perhaps he would use her again. 
He had other plans. She had such a luscious mouth, it was only right that
  he use it. The beautiful blonde sucked and sucked and sucked until he came
  in her mouth. 
�Lick your lips to clean yourself. Swallow it all. There is no greater reward
  a master can give his slave girl than to let him come in her mouth.� 
That statement somewhat confused Andrea. The man referred to himself as her �master� yet
  she knew Debbie owned her. Had Debbie sold her? 
Andrea really did not care. She accepted the simple truth that she was a slave
  girl. She existed only to bring pleasure to others. 
The beautiful blonde tilted her head back as she slowly ran her tongue across
  her lips to clean them. She kept her mouth open, an open invitation for her
  master to insert his cock again. 
Munchkin had her assume what could be called the standard slave girl position.
  She stood with her legs spread and bent over with her head back. 
From the front, anyone could see that beautiful face and those dangling titties. 
From either side it was the profile view of that beautiful face plus her titties. 
From behind it was her waiting pussy. 
He moved about the room to enjoy his new possession from various angles. 
A knock at the door disturbed his thoughts. He moved toward the door without
  taking his eyes off Andrea. 
�You indicated you wanted a mistress?� 
�I have a little toy I need outfitted. For the game tonight. Something that
  will bring out her beauty.� 
The leather of the mistress's catsuit crackled as she moved into the room
  to inspect the �toy.� She made her way slowly about Andrea, allowing her left
  hand to glide slowly up her right bottomcheek and across her back toward her
  head. 
�For a blonde, I would suggest something in a dark color, maybe a red or a
  black.� 
�I was thinking black. I hadn't thought of red. Do you have samples?� 
�I'll get them. It will take a few minutes.� 
As soon as the woman left, Munchkin took his blonde plaything into another
  room. He pushed a stool toward the bed. 
�Kneel on it.� 
As soon as Andrea did that, he tied her ankles together, running the working
  end of the cord beneath the stool and out in front. He untied her hands. She
  knew her freedom would not be long so she kept her hands behind her back as
  though they were bound. 
�Put your hands on the floor right next to the stool. � 
The beautiful blonde was not very happy about this poisiton. He was binding
  her in the perfect position for a spanking. Of course she followed every command
  without thinking. She was just a slave girl. 
He squatted before her to fasten a pair of handcuffs between her wrists. To
  keep her from leaving this position, he tied the end of the rope to the links
  connecting them. If she pulled her hands upward, the rope would pull on her
  ankles. 
He had to wait half an hour for the mistress to return with the various dresses.
  She did not provide just samples of the dresses � she provided them on live
  models, each of whom was Andrea's size. So he would know what they would look
  like on Andrea, each model was a blonde. 
Each model, of course, wore the black leather collar of a slave girl. 
The first outfit was a red silk minidress. The slave girl's nipples were visible
  through the thin material. The silk clung tightly to her slender body until
  it reached her waist. The material flared outwards at that point. The hem was
  so short that he could see a little of her shiny red satin panties. 
The second out was similar to the first except the material of the bodice
  was red nylon from the waist up. He could see all of the slave girl's titties.
  The skirt was red silk and cut as short as the first. 
The third outfit consisted of a cropped top of red nylon and a miniskirt of
  red satin. The hem of this garment was several centimeters above the waist
  so the wearer's belly was completely exposed. 
The fourth miniskirt was pleated and short. The slave girl wore black satin
  panties. 
The final outfit was a traditional slave girl's outfit of a red satin halter
  top and a flared miniskirt. The panties were black satin. 
�I'm something of a traditionalist.� 
�Number four or five?� 
�Four.� 
The mistress removed the slave girl's attire. She had no need to wear anything
  back to the kennel. 
�I'll send up a pair of matching shoes.� 
What she meant was high-heeled sandals with the 15-centimeter stiletto heels. 
Andrea had no idea what was going on, but she really needed to know nothing.
  She was only a slave girl so she had to think of nothing be obeying her master's
  commands. 
Another mistress brought the shoes. No, that isn't quite right. A French Maid
  brought the shoes in a special carrier strapped to her back. The mistress brought
  the French Maid. 
The reason she brought this slave girl was so she could dress Andrea. 
The beautiful blonde stood in the center of the room as she had been taught
  while Munchkin and the mistress watched the slave girl dress her. 
When she had the miniscule outfit on the luscious blonde, Munchkin gestured
  toward a chair with one hand. Lying on the cushion was Andrea's bondage device.
  The French maid bent the blonde's hands toward the opposite shoulder before
  wrapping a three-centimeter wide strap about her crossed wrists. A D-ring slid
  through a slit near the end. The French Maid secured it in place with a small
  padlock. 
More straps radiated out, passing over the blonde's shoulders and down under
  her arms to her wrists where more padlocks were used. Another set of straps
  went about the upper arms. 
When she stepped back, she had Andrea's arms tightly bound to her body with
  leather straps. The blonde could wiggle her hands, but that was about all she
  could do. 
He still had time before the big game so he sat back with a glass of fine
  cognac to enjoy the sight of this beautiful blonde, bound and ever so willing
  to please him. 
His drink done, he led her down the hall to the elevator at the end. Four
  narrow doors marked the elevators. A little black indicator told whether one
  was in use or not. None were at this time. He selected the second from the
  right. 
�Step in and up on the bar.� 
Andrea looked down as she stepped inside. The interior was slightly larger
  than she was. She looked down at the bar near the floor that paralleled the
  back. Raising her right left, she set her foot down on it so the arch of the
  high heels rested on the bar. Pushing her body upwards, she tried to put her
  left foot on the bar. Her body bounced off the back wall. She started to fall
  backwards but he caught her with his hands against her back. Pushing her up
  and forward, he maneuvered her so she stood on the bar leaning against the
  back wall. 
Holding her in place with his left hand, he used his right to draw a broad
  leather belt across her back. He needed only one hand to attach the buckle
  to a ring on the wall. He kept his left hand against her back (though it was
  no longer necessary) while his right pulled the working end of the strap, drawing
  all slack from it. As the strap tightened, it pressed the blonde's body against
  the back wall. 
There were several more straps to hold the young captive in place. The first
  passed immediately under her bottom. He pulled it tight before fastening the
  next across the backs of her knees. 
Two straps went across her upper back, one just below the shoulders, and the
  other midway between it and her waist. 
Before continuing, he tested all the straps to insure they were tight. Satisfied
  that they would hold his latest acquisition in place, he put his foot under
  the bar. Probing around without seeing what he was doing, he finally found
  a pedal. By pushing it down, he released the bar. 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Andrea squealed in shock as the support fell away. She thought she was going
  to fall, but she did not. Her body sagged down two or three centimeters before
  coming to a stop, suspended in the air by the straps. 
He was almost finished with her. He slipped a red satin blindfold over her
  eyes so she could see nothing. 
Stepping back, he admired his handiwork one last time. 
He pulled down on a lever on the left side, locking it in place with a large
  cotter pin. He released two more levers by stepping down on them. They pulled
  the locking mechanism out of the external framework. 
He closed the door to the elevator. Another level was in a box next to the
  door. Opening the box, he pulled down until he felt no more resistance. 
The chains and pulleys of the device took over as counterweights slowly lowered
  the elevator car and its precious cargo to the floor below. The movement was
  slow, but there was no hurry. 
Munchkin returned to his room to get his money. He was low in ready cash,
  but he was certain that with a few lucky turns of the cards he could increase
  his money. All it would take was a few lucky hands. 
As he descended the stairway to the lobby, a scene began to play out in the
  cocktail lounge between the lobby and the game room. 
Her name was�oh, who really cares? She wore the collar of a slave girl so
  her name was unimportant. She was a serving wench. She wore an outfit that
  resembled that of a French Maid. Her performance had been less than satisfactory.
  Who is going to punish her? Her owner? The whipmistress? What about the customer? 
You may have already guessed the answer. Who punished her? Amyone who wanted
  to. 
Two guards stripped her of her outer clothing, then her panties. This left
  her wearing only her garterbelt, stockings and heels. By now she knew what
  her fate would be. She had been punished this way before so she decided to
  resist. 
They already had her hands cuffed behind her back so their was little she
  could do they dragged her toward the lobby where there were a series of small
  rooms, affectionately called �butt boxes.� A whipmistress led the way, opening
  the door to one as they approached. 
Outside, they stopped so the whipmistress could remove the handcuffs from
  the captive's wrists. The guards then shifted their grasp from the slave girl's
  upper arms to her wrists. Pushing her through the door, they soon had her back
  up against the back wall where there was an oval hole. The guards rammed her
  arms against the wall a couple meters above the floor. They had no trouble
  pushing her hands through leather cuffs. While one hand held an arm in position,
  the other pulled the cuff tight so she could not pull her hand out. 
The guards stepped out of the butt box so the whipmistress could enter. She
  swung a bar across the slave girl's lower abdomen. Pushing it against the wall
  on the other side, she shoved it against a device that locked it in position. 
The whipmistress pushed a lever down that pushed the bar back. She repeated
  the process three more times. She knew how many times she had to do it as she
  had done this often before. It seemed that no matter how manner times they
  disciplined the little slave girls, the customers were always complaining about
  their behavior/attitude/service. 
(Though perhaps people made the complaints so they could punish the serving
  wenches.) 
The oval through which the slave girl's bottom protruded was padded so there
  were be no gaps. The inner of the butt box was lined with soundproof material
  so once the whipmistress closed and locked the door, no one could hear the
  muffled grunts of the captive. 
By the time the whipmistress circled the box, a line of men and women had
  already formed, eager to punish the recalcitrant captive. The first man in
  line had a cane (as did the man behind him), but he had not used it yet. The
  whipmistress had to approve that the slave girl was indeed bound properly. 
She inspected the protruding bottom both visually and by feel to insure it
  was properly placed. Satisfied that the bottom was properly prepared, she turned
  her attention to a timer above and slightly to the left of the bare bottom.
  She set it at five minutes. As she stepped back, she nodded at the first man
  to begin. 
Crack! Crack! 
The second man moved up as the first stepped to the side, handing his cane
  to the third man in line. 
Crack! Crack! 
By the time he reached the end of the line, the second man had handed his
  cane to the fourth person in line, a woman, and had started for the rear of
  the line. 
Crack! Crack! 
Before he reached the end of the line another person had joined it. 
Crack! Crack! 
Those early in the line had the chance to deliver two more blows two more
  times before the timer chimed. A collective moan went up from those in line
  waiting for another turn. 
The slave girl would be released from the butt box and sent back to work.
  If she spilled a single drop of anyone's drink, she would return to the butt
  box for a ten-minute session. And the slave girl tending bar had explicit orders
  to see that every glass was filled to the brim. If it wasn't, she would take
  her place in the butt box. She knew that every slave girl she helped go back
  to the butt box for a second or third session meant more rewards for her. She
  would spend longer periods of time in the lobby bent over with her legs spread,
  offering her pussy to anyone who wanted her. 
Munchkin contemplated joining the line to punish the slave girl. He slowed
  down as though he would, but at the last second he stepped to the right to
  avoid the approach of a man and woman, eager to flail away at the bare bottom. 
He hurried into the gaming room in back. Three players were already there,
  two standing at the bar and another at the table clinking a small column of
  thalens. 
Munchkin decided the game would start soon. He hurried back through the inn
  to the elevators where his blonde slave girl was exactly where he had left
  her. Quickly he freed her from the straps that bound her to the back wall of
  the elevator. He led her back to the room. 
He was a little early for the game, but he wanted the chance to show off his
  acquisition. Others might speculate how he came by her, and perhaps he would
  add to the mystery with a little lie or two. 
As he expected, they all admired Andrea's great beauty. A couple men dropped
  hints about wanting to sample her physical assets. 
Munchkin teased them with her presence, but let no one do more than fondle
  her body. Once the game began, he promptly forgot about her until near midnight. 
The cards had gone against him most of the night. He won a few hands without
  winning much money. Finally he had an excellent hand. Others had good hands,
  he could tell the way they stayed in the game as the pot grew bigger and bigger. 
Finally that time came when he wanted to �call� but lacked the money to do
  so. He looked at his cards, pressed his lips together, and laid his cards face
  down on the table. 
What should he do? Try to borrow money? That could occur only at usurious
  interest rates. Still, he needed the money. He left his eyes wander around
  the room, looking for the person who would give him the money. 
His eyes landed on Andrea. 
�I would like to call with an �objet d'arte.'� 
That �objet d'arte� was, of course, Andrea. 
Who wouldn't want her? She was made to kneel next to the table, symbolically
  being part of the kitty. 
When the cards were turned face up, a mild cheer arose from the group. 
Mortimer T. Munchkin had won. He had his big pot of money and he still had
  Andrea. 
Oh, but what a risky act to do with such a lovely �objet d'arte!� 
Slave Girls in Bondage 
Chapter 84 
The honeymoon inn was many kilometers away. Situated on a cliff overlooking
  the ocean, the height protected it from sea borne brigands. The remoteness
  of its locations made it inconvenient for any brigands from any town to come
  there. 
All in all, there was a sense of security about it. 
Ronor helped Shelly down from the coach. 
�This is quaint.� 
�It's all the rage. I was lucky to get us in. It's booked full for the next
  six months. I had to grease a few palms just to get us here for a couple of
  days.� 
The beautiful brunette did not look at her husband as he told her how much
  this place cost. She would have fun with him for a few days here, Once she
  returned to the town, she would make arrangements to divorce him. 
The concierge met them before they were halfway to the front desk. There was
  no need to check in as Ronor had made all the arrangements before the wedding.
  The concierge snapped his fingers twice. That signal was all it took for three
  French Maids to come running to get their luggage. 
Though the three wore gags, they otherwise wore no bondage items. Where could
  they flee? 
As their coach approached the inn, another coach appeared in sight in the
  distance. Behind it came another, and a third. A wedding party approached. 
�This will be interesting,� Ronor heard the concierge mumble under his breath. 
�If you like, you can go to your room to change.� 
That was agreeable to Shelly. Her guide was a French Maid. The mistress held
  a leash that was attached to the back of her collar. Her hands were cuffed
  behind her back, but Shelly could undo them if she wanted to use her. 
Ronor decided to stay around to see what happened. 
The lead coach arrived as soon as their coach pulled away from the entrance.
  The first coach contained the bride and groom, not yet married. Their ceremony
  was schedule for the onyx room on a lower level. The following coaches contained
  members of the wedding party. 
�Just don't touch me!� 
�Well, don't touch me back.� 
No one looked at the ravishing bride-to-be. All eyes were on the blonde and
  brunette emerging from the second coach. No blows had been thrown. 
Yet. 
�Is there a problem?� Canjac whispered to the concierge. 
�None that cannot be solved with leather and steel.� 
He guessed what the man hinted at. 
The bride rolled her eyes as the two young women continued to bicker. The
  party made it inside the inn without anyone slapping a face or pulling hair. 
�I get the blue dress.� 
�No, I want it.� 
The two young beauties continued their squabbling as they followed the wedding
  party to the front desk to sign in. 
�It will be a while before you lovely bride is ready. Would you like to partake
  of some entertainment?� 
The concierge led Ronor toward the back of the building where there was a
  large dining room. They did not enter it though. Instead, they took steps down
  to the next level. 
Lining walls on both sides where niches where slave girls waited, bound spread-eagle,
  ballgags insuring their silence. 
�These are a few of our latest acquisitions. If you like, you can select one
  for your pleasure.� 
�Only one?� 
�One is a generic number. You certainly do not want to select more than what
  you can handle. The others may feel neglected.� 
The two men laughed as they continued on. 
A couple slave girls blushed at what they heard. It was as though the men
  expected them to enjoy being slave girls. But as the concierge said, these
  were new acquisitions. They had not learned the joy of using their bodies to
  please others. 
�What about organized assistance?� 
�This way.� 
They turned down a corridor that ran from end of the building to another.
  Inside the third door they found eight French Maids. Four were on their knees
  licking the pussies of the other four who were bound spread-eagle. The four
  slave girls who were bound also wore blindfolds and ballgags. So tightly had
  they been bound that the only way an onlooker could tell they were not statutes
  were the constant flexing of their hands, and the agitated flow of their long
  tresses as their heads bobbed with every orgasm. 
As he said that, the concierge dropped his pants. Turning the first kneeling
  French Maid around, she went from licking pussy to sucking cock without even
  thinking. 
�Our staff is well-trained in serving our guests.� 
Ronor selected two French Maids to help. The concierge assured him if he needed
  more they were available. 
He then returned to the hallway to select a plaything while he waited for
  Shelly. 
One new slave girl caught his eye. As he reached for a tit, she tried to draw
  away. 
�Her name is Tracy. We just got her a couple days ago. She submitted to wearing
  a collar, but she hasn't accepted her status as a slave girl yet.� 
Ronor was certain that when they turned her about they would find red marks
  on her fanny where the slaver had �persuaded� her that she wanted to be a slave
  girl. 
�She will do nicely.� 
Concierge led Ronor to a room down the hall. A series of windows overlooked
  the ocean. Scattered about were an assortment of bondage and spanking devices. 
�Do you have any plans for her?� 
�I was thinking about �timed submission.'� 
�An excellent idea. I'll get a timer.� 
The concierge returned with the timer as they brought Tracy into the room.
  The mistress leading her had her kneel facing the man. The blonde had been
  bound spread-eagle in the hall. 
�Do you know why you are being punished, Tracy?� 
The blonde shook her head. 
�It's because you have not accepted her new status in life. I am certain that
  with a little training you will want to be the best little slave girl around.� 
�Do you want me to set up the pulley?� 
�No. I'm certain Tracy will be a good little slave girl.� 
Tracy had no intention of being �a good little slave girl,� but what choice
  did she have in the matter? 
�Spread her legs far apart and tied them there.� 
The two French Maids he had selected knelt on the far side of the room. Though
  they wore black satin panties, they had their knees spread, symbolically offering
  their pussies to the men. 
At the order from the concierge, they bounded to their feet. He had turned
  the young blonde so she faced in the direction he wanted. One French Maid took
  each ankle. Tracy had no choice but to spread her legs far apart as they wanted.
  They tied one end of a cord to the blonde's ankle, the other end to a ring
  on the floor. 
Once done, they bounded to their feet to return to the places where they had
  begun.***** 
Tracey looked back over her shoulder to see what was going on back there.
  The men were to the side so she could not see what Ronor intended to do to
  her. 
There was nothing special about her bondage � they had merely tied her hands
  together palm-to-palm with a cord. Before tying the knot they had cinched the
  first few loops. 
They repeated the process with her elbows, wrapping a cord about her upper
  arms immediately above her elbows. Again, they cinched the loops before tying
  a knot. 
Though they had not tied her arms to her body, she had little mobility. She
  could swing her hands a few centimeters to either side, but that was about
  it. 
�Are you familiar with the game �Timed Submission.' Tracy?� 
The blonde shook her head. 
�There are many different rules, many different versions. The version I play
  goes like this. The timer goes off, you bend over so I can spank you. 
�The more submissive you are, the easier it goes for you. We start off with
  a wooden paddle. When the timer sounds, you bend over. If you bend over without
  thinking, you get one swat. If you hesitate for a fraction of a second you
  get two. Or three. Or four. It is entirely my decision. 
�Once you accept your punishment, I switch to a leather paddle. Now, not only
  do you have to bend over, you have to wiggle you bottom to beg for a paddling. 
�Once you've accepted you punishment gladly, I switch to a bare hand. You
  don't have to do anything. I simply will spank you until I get tired. Doesn't
  that sound like a fun game?� 
Tracy shook her head. Ronor would have been disappointed if she had agreed
  to it. 
�Do you have any suggestions about how long to set the timer?� he asked the
  concierge. 
�It will take a while to process your wife. I think half a minute would be
  sufficient.� 
Ronor set the timer on a stand against the wall. He pushed the plunger down. 
Thirty seconds later, it chimed. 
�Time.� 
The blonde looked over at him, then turned her head to stare forward. She
  was not going to play their little games. 
Like she had a choice. 
Ronor approached the captive with the wooden paddle in his hand. She looked
  back at him, but did not bend over. 
He grabbed her bound hands, jerking in them in the air. As her arms rose,
  her head was down. She bent her knees a little and thrust her bottom out. 
Smack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Smack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Smack! 
Ronor said nothing to the captive, but returned to the stand where he pushed
  the plunger down again. 
�Time.� 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!� 
Smack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
The beautiful blonde shook her head as she tried to pull her arms to the side
  so he could not grab her hands. That did not stop him. Her arms rose in the
  air, her bottom stuck out. 
Smack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Smack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
She sobbed, as though her tears would get her mercy. 
�Time.� 
Smack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Smack! 
Smack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Few slave girls accepted as many as twenty swats on the fanny before sticking
  her bottom out when ordered. The fifth time the timer chimed, Stacy bent over
  when he said �Time� but straightened up at his approach. She did the same the
  seventh time. 
On the eighth, she remained bent over though her sobbing was annoyingly loud. 
She bent over before the timer chimed the ninth time. 
�Wiggle your butt if you want me to use the leather paddle.� 
The blonde swayed it back and forth. 
�That was pathetic.� 
�She is a new slave girl.� 
�Maybe she needs butt wiggling training.� 
Whomp! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Despite her protests, a blow from the leather paddle did not hurt as much
  as one from the wooden paddle. 
Whomp! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Before Ronor could finish this phase of the blonde's training, a mistress
  interrupted them. 
�Your other guests are ready for processing.� 
Ronor looked at the concierge and raised his eyebrows. 
�No, it's not Sherry. Perhaps you would like to look in on how we take care
  of some of our other guests.� 
The two walked from the room, leaving Tracy bound for further spanking. Ronor
  would return to her for the remainder of her training, though perhaps he might
  have to start over. 
�We specialize is controlling slave girls by their assholes.� 
�What?� 
Surely he had heard him wrong. 
�Their assholes. What the asshole lacks in esthetic pleasure, it makes up
  for in sure degradation for the slave girl. We are the world's experts in that
  type of control and training. As a matter of fact, there are a couple of Amazons
  here to observe our techniques. They said something about wanting to use it
  in a �school for slave girls.'� 
When we left Vicki and Gail, they were in a fight over who would wear the
  blue bridesmaid's dress. Or were they fighting over who would wear the green?
  It's so petty that it doesn't matter. The bride hadn't really planned on them
  being in the wedding. She brought them along as a wedding present for her husband-to-be. 
We certainly hope Vicki wanted to wear the blue dress because that was the
  color motif she wore. Not being a real slave girl (yet), she wore a blue satin
  choker. Her high-heeled pumps matched in the hue of the choker, as did the
  shoulder-length satin gloves she wore. 
That was all she wore, unless we count the single-glove. The leather was dyed
  to match the shoes, choker and gloves. (The bride paid extra for this.) The
  rubber ball of the ballgag was the same shade of blue while the leather strap
  holding it in her mouth was dyed white. 
Her blonde hair was still pinned to the back of her head, but we all know
  it won't remain their very long. 
Gail's outfit matched her rival's except hers was a brilliant green. Her dark
  hair was pinned to the back of her head, but had come partly undone as the
  result of her violent efforts to keep from being bound and gagged. 
�Come over here so you can get a better view.� 
Two French Maids dragged Vicki to a spanking bar. Resting on the floor on
  the far side was a heavy iron weight with a large ring on top. Just short of
  the bar, they stopped so a third French Maid could attach a metal clamp to
  each nipple. 
The beautiful blonde's struggles grew less, as she was afraid they were going
  to pinch that sensitive part of her body. The clamps remained in place, but
  were not so tight as to cause pain, just discomfort and embarrassment. 
Vicki watched as the French Maid moved around to the other side of the spanking
  bar. She knelt, passing a small chain through the ring on the weight. 
The other two French Maids waited until she looked up. They then pushed their
  captive forward, forcing her down across the bar by raising her legs. Vicki
  thrashed about as she tried to keep them from fasten her nipples to the weight.
  I did not occur to her that the slave girl seemed in no hurry to do the job. 
Vicki could not see that they manhandled Gail the same way they did her. While
  the French Maid fumbled around with the chain, pretending to want to attach
  them to the nipple clamps, they bent the brunette over a spanking bar while
  a French Maid pretended to ready another chain. 
When both were ready, one whipmistress gave the signal with a nod of her head.
  Two others attacked the naked captives with adjustable butt plugs. 
These butt plugs were rubber tubes with a steel shaft down the center. At
  one end were a washer and the head of a nut. The other end was threaded. 
As soon as the captives could not see what they were doing, the whipmistress
  greased up the rubber tubes. At their approach, the slave girls pulled the
  captives' legs further apart and higher into the air. Vicki and Gail were so
  concerned about having that heavy weight attached to their nipples or being
  dropped on their heads, that they never realized the threat came from behind.
  Before either could react, the whipmistress slipped the tube into their asses. 
The whipmistress added a large handle to the threaded end of the steel rod
  and turned it rapidly. 
�This action draws the steel shaft down the inside of the rubber tube, flattening
  the tube and spreading it out. This becomes a solid block against the sphincter
  muscle. There is no way it can be removed without the handle.� 
Once she had it tightened all the way, each whipmistress removed the handle.
  Gripping the base with a 10 mm end wrench with one hand, she used a pair of
  pliers to grab the end of the shaft. The threaded holding the two pieces together
  was left-handed so using the handle did not loosen the connection. She slipped
  the shaft into a pocket, replacing it with a much shorter piece that had a
  ring on the end. 
She attached a leash to the ring, then nodded to the French Maids to raise
  the captive so she could stand. 
�Stand� was perhaps not the right word. Each half-squatted with her legs spread
  and her knees bent. 
The whipmistress pulled off the nipple clamps. They would not need them now.
  She put them in a pocket for later. 
�Come along.� 
A tug on the leash to the butt plug told them to come along. 
The pull on the leash was constant so they could not turn around. All they
  could do was shuffle their feet backwards. 
Now this movement would have been difficult for trained slave girls. Imagine
  the problem two young women unused to stiletto heels would have. They moved
  their feet quickly a couple centimeters at a time as they slowly back their
  way across the room. Their pace was too slow for the mistress holding the leash.
  She continued to exert much pressure on the leash. The naked captive felt constantly
  this foreign object shove up her ass. 
Each had trouble walking. Gail lost a shoe before they reach the door. 
�Oh! We warned you about losing your shoes. This deserves punishment.� 
The beautiful brunette shook her head but there was nothing she could do.
  The whipmistress holding her leash used a fistful of hair to pull her head
  back. That forced the young beauty to arch her body. The whipmistress giving
  the instructions pulled out a switch as she advanced on the captive. 
Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
Four red welts appeared on each bare tittie. 
With a nod, she told her co-worker to continue on with Gail. 
As the brunette shuffled off, she turned her attention to Vickie. 
�Since she was punished, don't you think you should be?� 
Quiet naturally, the blonde disagreed. She shook her head. 
�Wrong answer.� 
The whipmistress arched the blonde's body by pulling on her hair. 
Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
�Now, do you think you need to be punished?� 
The blonde nodded as best she could. 
Crack! Crack!. Crack! Crack!. Crack! Crack!. Crack! Crack!. 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
�Do you think you deserve some more?� 
Vicki tried to hold back the tears. Slowly she nodded, her eyes watching the
  mistress with the whip in hopes that she was just kidding. 
Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!� 
As she used her right hand to slide the switch in her belt, her left kneaded
  the blonde's right tittie. 
�I do so enjoy punishing blondes. They enjoy it so much.� 
Both mistresses erupted into giggles. 
Vicki was unsure which was worst: being led around by a plug stuck up her
  ass, having her tits switched, or having them laugh at her. 
Ronor and the concierge followed them from the room and down the hall. By
  the time they reached the reception hall, Gail waited facing a table. The other
  whipmistress led Vicki to the wall with windows, placing her so her back was
  to them. 
�Spread your legs apart. Bend over and show everyone how proud you are of
  the plug in your butt.� 
She could not say that without giggling. 
The third whipmistress brought with her a pair of the French Maids. These
  comesome lasses now had their hands bound securely behind their backs. Facing
  the first French Maid, she jerked down on the bodice of her outfit, exposing
  her large tits. Taking a step to the left, she repeated the action. 
She led both to one end of the table. After removing the leash, she grabbed
  one by the back of the neck to force her to bend over. Leading the second to
  the far end, she repeated the process. 
While we can think of more pleasant ways of using two pairs of boobs, using
  them to hold down the tablecloth certainly is creative. 
The whipmistress who had led Gail into the room was busy fastening a leather
  strap about the beautiful brunette's calves immediately below the knee. When
  he straightened up, the other two lifted the naked captive in the air and set
  her down on the table. They twisted her around so she faced the end of the
  table where the French Maid had her tits pressed against the tablecloth. 
�Move over a little to the left. Now move forward. A little more. A little
  more. A little more. That's it! Now move you knees apart. Further. Further!
  Further!!� 
The third whipmistress squatted beside Vicki to fasten a leather strap to
  her calves. In seconds they had her on the table, facing away from Gail. 
�Now back up. Back up. Back up. A little more. That's it! Now move your knees
  apart. You'll know when to stop.� 
She stopped when her knees struck Gail's. 
Quickly they attacked a small padlock to rings on each set of straps. This
  left their legs bound together. Neither could alter the position of her legs
  without the cooperation of her sister-captive and since each wore a ballgag,
  we know that was not going to happen. 
The third mistress knelt on the table as her co-workers moved to the ends
  of the table in front of the captives. Grabbing the slave girls by their long
  hair, they pulled them upright, then pushed them to their knees. With faces
  against knees, they were out of the way. 
The whipmistress on the side threaded a small chain through the ring at Gail's
  ass, then at Vicki's. She then threaded each end through a pulley-like device.
  When she nodded her head, the two mistresses placed the hands on the captives'
  shoulders to push their bodies back so the bottomcheeks were pressed together.
  The third mistress jerked down on the working end of each chain to pull it
  through the device. Turning a knob of the side, she pulled all slack from the
  chain. As the slack disappeared, the two naked bottoms came together. No, more
  than that, they were tightly pressed together. 
Each captive knelt with her head bowed down toward the tablecloth, her mind
  unable to comprehend what was happening to her. Things such as this never happened
  to spoiled princesses, did it? 
Standing on opposite sides of the table, one mistress attached one end of
  a short chain to the ring at the end of the singleglove. Stepping to her left,
  she moved down next to the other captive's head. Using her left hand against
  the naked beauty's forehead, she jerked her head back so the captive had to
  stare straight ahead. Of course, each captive tried to resist, but what could
  she do? 
The whipmistress threaded the working end of the chain through a ring at the
  back of the strap holding the rubber ball in her mouth. Once she had it through
  and had hold of the end again, she released her hold on the woman's forward.
  As she pulled, the pressure pulled the rubber ball deeper into the captive's
  mouth. All Gail and Vicki could do was hold their heads back. They quickly
  reached a point where the only way the captives could ease the pressure on
  their mouths was to raise her upper body. 
The whipmistresses knew they were done when each woman stared straight ahead.
  She could not move her head to either side. All she could do was stare straight
  ahead. 
Perfect. 
�What we have is a pair of beautiful women. Spoiled. Generally obnoxious.
  Look at these beautiful titties. I imagine they are quite proud of them.� 
As the concierge spoke, a whipmistress attached a clamp to each nipple. These
  clamps were not cruelly tightly, just snug enough that they would not come
  off. 
The third whipmistress had retrieved a pair of silver serving trays that had
  chains dangling from each end. The chains on the ends came together to form
  one. They attached the end of a chain to a clamp. 
�The titties become the basis of a serving tray.� 
During the reception a French Maid stood tethered on either side of the captive's
  head. A crystal glass with a few centimeters of the bubbly was placed on the
  tray. Every time someone took one, a French Maid replaced it. 
Ronor however, was not around for the reception. 
A French Maid entered the room. Her role was that of messenger. She curtseyed
  before the concierge who pulled a note from between her breasts (that were
  pressed together by top). 
�Oh! It seems that your lovely bride is ready.� 
Slave Girls in Bondage
Chapter 85 
Did anything think Sherry's plan was going to work? 
Sherry's entrance was rather spectacular. Four hooded slave girls carried
  her. These four slave girls would heavy, black leather slave hoods that kept
  them for seeing or hearing anything. Each wore a single glove that had straps
  to pin it against the wearer's body. 
A pair of whipmistresses, one on each side directed the two slave girls on
  her side by rapping on hips, thighs, bottoms, titties, whatever it took to
  get them to move in the correct direction. Sure, it would have been faster
  if they could see, and if they could use their arms, but would it have been
  as much fun? 
Each pair of slave girls had a pole strapped to them, on the right shoulder
  of the pair on the left, on the left shoulder of the pair on the right. 
Sherry was suspended between the slave girls, one leg hooked over each pole
  and bound. She hung upside down in this position. They had her arms tied securely
  behind her back. An inflatable gag between her teeth minimized the amount of
  sound she could make. 
Ronor squatted so his head was at the same height as hers. 
�Did you really think this little plan of yours was going to work, Sherry?
  The only interest I had in you was that you were the one woman in town who
  most deserved a collar.� 
He gently grabbed her the nipple of her left boob between his thumb and index
  finger. He played with them gently. 
�Before we are finished with you, you will be begging to be a slave girl.
  But when you get your collar will be my decision, and mine alone.� 
He rose and turned to the concierge. 
�You said something about an anal persuader?� 
�First she needs a couple of pussy lip rings. It will not take her long to
  decide that she would rather do anything you want than to have pressure exerted
  on those rings.� 
The whipmistresses flicked their switches against the hips of the four hooded
  slave girls, forcing them to move outwards. They pulled captive brunette's
  knees further apart. 
She did not want to have the pussy lip rings, but she was in no position to
  argue. 
Ronor saw a whipmistress greasing up one of the rubber tubes and expected
  them to bend Sherry across a spanking bar as they had the two little bridesmaids.
  They were more subtle in the manner they dealt with his bride. While one mistress
  inserted the little rings to the captive's labia, another inserted the tube.
  The naked beauty's attention was on those pussy rings so it never occurred
  to her to clench her bottomcheeks together to make it difficult for them to
  insert the tube. 
This tube though was different from the one he had seen used earlier. This
  one was punishment device in its own. 
The whipmistress inserted a pussy ring. Using a pair of pliers, she tightened
  the ring until a pin on one end was opposite a hole on the other. She shifted
  the placement of the pliers to push the pin through the hole. 
She used a large set of pliers to smash the head of the pin. Widened to twice
  the diameter of the hole, there was no way it could come out. 
The ring on was Sherry. 
Permanently. 
Every town had a law against removing pussy rings. While there were two or
  three records instances of people (usually men) breaking the law by freeing
  a slave girl, there was no known instance of any removing a pussy ring. 
Attach a leash to one and even the most recalcitrant slave girl would gladly
  go where led. 
Yep. That ring, and the one opposite it were on to stay. 
While they had the beautiful brunette in that rather undignified and totally
  helpless position, they strapped to her feet sandals with the 15-centimeter
  stiletto heels. She noticed them no more than she did the butt plug. 
They used the switches on the thighs and bottoms of the hooded slave girls
  to turned them around. A slap on the back of the knee caused them to kneel.
  As the work slave knelt, one mistress stood before Sherry to pull her head
  forward so she did not hit it on the floor. 
The other mistress freed the captive's legs from the poles. Only Sherry's
  body formed a connection between the two poles. The whipmistress who had freed
  the captive's legs kept hold of her ankles, guiding her into a roll so she
  landed on her feet facing Ronor. The mistress pushed down so the buxom captive
  had to squat with her bottom near the floor. She alter her position only if
  she could get her feet out from under her, and with the constant pressure on
  her shoulders, she found that quite impossible to do. 
Another mistress ran a light chain from one pussy ring to the other, passing
  it through a ring on the floor. The chain had a hook on each end. They needed
  nothing else to keep it in place. 
When the mistress released pressure on Sherry's shoulders, her body rose but
  she could not leave that position. The chain between the pussy rings had her
  body locked in that position. She squatted facing her husband with her legs
  spread apart. 
�I take it you have some plan for her submission using her asshole.� 
�Of course. First, though, we have to adjust the gag. We don't want her making
  a peep.� 
The gag had no straps, as it needed none to hold the inflatable ball in the
  wearer's mouth. A rubber tube protruded a centimeter from Sherry's mouth, ending
  in a brass coupling. Attached to the coupling was the nozzle at the end of
  a tube. That tube ran to the bulb used to inflate the ball in her mouth. 
The concierge slowly squeezed the ball twice. By the look of alarm on Sherry's
  face, Ronor could tell the ball had grown larger in her mouth. 
�A value in the tube keeps the air from coming out until we want it to.� 
He squeezed it again. 
�An inflatable gag often is used a device of persuasion. Put it in the woman's
  mouth, blow it up, wait and hour, and she will do anything. Anything including
  placing her throat in a collar.� 
He squeezed it again. 
�We will use much the same technique on her asshole.� 
He handed a switch to Ronor. 
�Would you like to test it? Use this on her tits.� 
Crack! 
�Mfftt!� 
Crack! 
�Mfftt!� 
�A couple more squeezes.� 
Sherry shook her head to indicate she did not want the ball inflated any more.
  She had no say in the matter. The concierge squeezed it twice more. 
Crack! 
�Mft.� 
Crack! 
�Mft.� 
The concierge squeezed the ball twice more. 
Crack! 
�Mmm.� 
Crack! 
�Mmm.� 
�That should do it. You won't need that switch any more.� 
He tossed it aside, then turned his attention to the hose leading to the gag.
  The pump ball and hose were a distraction. He uncoupled them, tossing them
  in a box. 
While the concierge had flailed away at Sherry's knockers, a whipmistress
  had attached another hose to the coupling at the end of the captive's butt
  plug. The ball did not hang down, as had the one to the gag. This one was enclosed
  between a couple pieces of wood. The result was a pedal. Pressing the pedal
  down would deflate the ball, at the same time forcing air into the butt plug. 
�Why don't you do the honors since she is you wife and stomp down on that
  pedal about ten times.� 
About the fourth time he did that, Sherry's eyes began to grow large, almost
  as large as that rubber dildo stuck up her ass. 
�Mmmm.� 
�I thought she might like this.� 
�Mmmm.� 
The beautiful captive did not realize the concierge was joking. She did not
  like that shaft there. It was most uncomfortable. 
�My Dear,� the concierge said to a whipmistress, �Please fetch Heidi and Fiona
  so we can demonstrate some more of our services.� 
As the women headed for the door, he turned back to Ronor. 
�Maybe another five would be in order.� 
�Mmmm� 
Sherry gasped for breath as she tried to find a more comfortable position.
  There really was none, and it was sure to get worse. 
�Why don't you ask her the question that's been on your lips since you met
  her.� 
�Sherry, do you want to be my slave girl?� 
From the shoulders down she was largely immobile. She could move her head
  and that she did by shaking her head violently. She did not want to be a slave
  girl. She would not beg to be a slave girl, no matter what they did to her. 
�Five more?� 
The concierge smiled as he nodded. 
�Mmmm.� 
Ronor had time to depress the pedal only twice before the whipmistress reappeared
  in the room with a pair of slave girls in tow. 
�Over here,� the concierge said, gesturing to his left. He pulled a chair
  over for Ronor. 
�Why don't you let your lovely bribe think about her predicament for a few
  minutes while I show you how we can alter her for your pleasure.� 
The groom sat facing the two kneeling slave girls. The concierge gestured
  toward one. The whipmistress unbuckled the ends of the strap behind the captive's
  head so she could remove the gag. She did not do that though. Placing a hand
  on the slave girl's forward, she pulled her head back. 
The concierge nodded. At that signal, the women removed the gag. 
The slave girl kept her mouth open wide. 
�This is our �Woman's Pleasure� model. Show him.� 
At that command, the slave girl stuck her tongue out. A silver stud protruded
  from her tongue about a centimeter from the tip. 
�She had be trained to rub it against a pussy to cause your favorite mistress
  to come quickly.� 
The whipmistress had stepped behind the other slave girl to loosen her gag.
  At a nod from the concierge, she pulled the gag from this captive's mouth. 
�We call this model the �Man's Pleasure.� 
The slave girl had three studs in her tongue. 
�How many can you put in?� 
�As many as you want. The most we have ever inserted in five.� 
�Six,� the whipmistress said. 
�Oh, yes, six. Five is symmetrically sound. That six had one off to the side.
  Not esthetically pleasing.� 
�These all are rather interesting, but I have special plans for Sherry's tongue.� 
For a few seconds the helpless brunette stopped worrying about the inflatable
  dildo in her ass and wondered what he had planned for her tongue. She thought
  she imagined the worst. 
She was wrong. 
With a wave of his hand, the concierge signaled the whipmistress to insert
  the ballgags and take away the demonstration models. 
�Why don't you give her another two or three bursts of air?� 
�Mmmm!� 
�Don't hurry. We have all night.� 
By now the inflatable tube had grown so large Sherry thought it might split
  her in half. 
�Mmmm!� 
She struggled a little, but the pain from the pussy rings told her just how
  helpless she was. 
Ronor took his seat before her. 
�Well, Sherry, do you want to be my slave girl?� 
The beautiful brunette thought about it for a few seconds, then slowly shook
  her head. She knew that a slave collar was inevitable. She had not suffered
  enough pain to allow her to accept that. 
Ronor quickly rose. It took him only two steps to reach the pedal. 
�Mmmm!� 
In less than ten seconds, he had inflated more air into the tube, making it
  a little larger, 
�Do you want to be my slave girl?� 
Slowly Sherry nodded, knowing that further resistance would cause him to inflate
  that tube even more. 
�Have you been a real bitch?� 
Slowly she nodded. 
�Do you deserve a slave collar?� 
She hesitated for a few seconds before shaking her head. 
Ronor bounded to his feet to stomp on the pedal not once, but twice. 
�Mmmm!� 
Sherry sobbed continuously but because of the gag filling her mouth, they
  heard none of it. The only indication she was crying was the steady stream
  of tears running down her cheeks. 
�Pretty soon the pressure of the inflated gag in her mouth will become too
  painful to bear. This is an idea: We will reattach the hose to the gag. You
  can inflate the dildo in her ass, then add a little to the one in her mouth!� 
�Mmmm!� 
�What's that, Sherry? Do we see a little more commitment on your part?� 
She shook her head, then nodded, not knowing which answer would get him to
  remove the plug from her ass and the one in her mouth. For several second the
  beautiful captive stared at the floor before her. Growing tired of this game,
  Ronor started to come to his feet. 
�Mmmm! Mmmmm!� 
She nodded enthusiastically. 
�What is that? Do you want to be a slave girl?� 
Sherry nodded, the tears flowing. 
�We can let her down so she put her throat in the collar. We will leave both
  inflatable plugs in until she is completely a slave girl.� 
At a nod from the concierge, a whipmistress pressed down on Sherry's shoulders,
  putting enough slack in the chain so the concierge could remove it from her
  pussy lips. The whipmistress pushed the brunette forward so she was on her
  knees. 
  The concierge had a black leather slave collar handy for Ronor to hold before
  his ravishing (and ravishable) bride. 
Nobody expect the captive brunette to help them put that slave collar about
  her neck without some encouragement. When she hesitated, the whipmistress stomped
  her foot on the pedal, causing the rubber tube to grow a little in her mouth. 
Sherry's head shot forward, her throat against the leather so Ronor had no
  trouble buckling it in place. He then pulled the pins out so her long, dark
  hair fell down about her shoulders. 
�Now drape yourself across his lap for you first spanking by your master.� 
Sherry jerked her head to the side. 
�We will remove the plug later. Show us that you deserve to have it removed.� 
Sherry rose from her knees as she moved forward. In a matter of seconds, she
  had her bare bottom raised for Ronor to spank. He held her body in place with
  his left arm while his right hand spanked her bottom. 
Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! 
�Mmmm!� 
Oh the sheer efficiency of an inflatable gag! The only sound audible in the
  room was that of Ronor's hand on Sherry's bare ass. 
Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! 
�Mmmm!� 
�Since she can't really cry out, I think she should kick her legs wildly to
  show how much she enjoys this.� 
Sherry did not understand that statement, but then she was not supposed to.
  She kicked her legs up and down as Ronor continued to punish her bottom. 
Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! 
�Mmmm!� 
�I think it's time she thank me for turning her into a slave girl.� 
Sherry knew what that meant. She did not want to suck cock, but at least that
  would get the inflatable gag out of her mouth. 
In second the captive was on her knees with her head between Ronor's knees,
  held firmly in place. 
�You have ten minutes to make me come. If you succeed, we will take the plug
  out of you ass. If you are not, we will put the plug back in your mouth and
  inflate both until they are ready to explode.� 
There was no way Sherry could make him come in ten minutes. He knew that.
  She had to try. 
�Come on, you are running out of time!� 
Sherry had to admit that sucking cock did not hurt as much as that inflatable
  gag in her mouth. She tried and she failed. 
Ronor had already indicated her wanted a ballgag. He shoved Sherry's head
  back so she could ram that rubber ball in. 
He jerked her head down, holding it in place with his knees while he brushed
  her long tresses aside so he could buckle the ends of the strap together behind
  her head. The ballgag was in place. It would not come out unless a master or
  mistress wanted it to. 
�Could I borrow�� 
A whipmistress handed him a leash. Placing his left hand against her forehead,
  he pushed her head back to reveal her throat. He attached the leash to the
  collar. 
�Come along,� he said, jerking on the leash as he rose. 
�Mmmmmfffffttttt!� 
Sherry jerked her head around to the left. 
�Oh, yes the butt plug. I was told it was a good training device. If you are
  a real good little slave girl, I'll take it out later. If you aren't�� He paused
  to turn to the concierge. �It will blow up bigger, won't it.� The man answered
  with a nod. �If you aren't a good little slave girl, I'll just have to see
  how big I can make it. Now, on your feet!� 
He jerked on the leash again. A whipmistress came closer to Sherry. 
Crack! Crack! 
You would think that with all the pain she had been through, a couple swats
  on the fanny would not accomplish much, but they were enough to propel her
  to her feet. 
With that expanded dildo rammed in her ass she could not really walk. What
  she did was waddle after her master. 
The concierge did not know what Ronor intended to do with his new toy until
  he realized they were moving in the direction of the room where they had left
  Tracy. 
It should could as a surprise to no one that they found the captive blonde
  in the same position they had left her. She looked over her left shoulder as
  the door entered. When she saw who it was, she looked back ahead as a good
  slave girl would. 
�You really do want to be a good little slave girl, don't you Tracy?� 
The blonde nodded. She was not so dumb as to answer that question honestly.
  She knew that denying the validity of that statement would only result in more
  punishment. 
�I am going to continue your training where we left off, only this time you
  are going to be rewarded for being such a good girl.� 
Ronor maneuvered Sherry around so she knelt before Tracy. Since the blonde's
  legs were bound apart, the new slave girl knew what was expected of her. 
Ronor held the ballgag by the straps as he bounced the rubber ball off the
  top of her head. 
�Tell Tracy she has a beautiful pussy.� 
�You have a beautiful pussy.� 
�Tell her it is much more beautiful than yours.� 
�It is much more beautiful than mine.� 
The rapped the top of her head with the ballgag again. 
�What is?� 
�Her pussy. Your pussy. Your pussy is much more beautiful than mine.� 
�Now start over from the beginning.� 
�You have a beautiful pussy. It is much more beautiful than mine.� 
�Now kiss it.� 
Sherry hesitated. 
�Does someone have the pump for this thing to blow it up more?� 
Sherry gave Tracy's pussy a light kiss. 
�Come on. Plant one on there to show her you mean it.� 
Sherry leaned forward a little. Ronor put his hand against the back of her
  head to push her face into the blonde's crouch. 
�Kiss her hard. Give her a kiss she will never forget.� 
She kept her lips on the woman's pussy when he released his grip. 
�Okay, you can pull your head back. Now lean forward to lick it, then pull
  your head back.� 
Sherry had to admit, having the inflated dildo in her mouth was worse. Her
  training as a slave girl was progressing well. 
�The moment you stop licking, you replacement Tracy and we start spanking
  you.� 
Ronor went to the table to get a leather paddle to the captive blonde. This
  punishment device was little more than a strap, just six centimeters wide and
  twenty long. 
When he stepped back, Tracy looked at him, her eyes wide. He knew she was
  close to achieving an orgasm. Sherry obviously had skills he would never have
  guessed. 
�Pleasure and pain. You can enjoy being a slave girl. When the timer chimes,
  bend over. I'm going to give you two whacks on each cheek. If you don't follow
  my orders exactly, maybe we'll have Sherry take her tongue elsewhere.� 
He moved to the table to set the timer. 
Tracy bent over when it went off. She was so close to an orgasm that she did
  not care whether he spanked her bottom or not. 
Slap! Slap! 
So what exactly does Ronor have in store for Sherry's tongue? 







Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 86

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clarissa left Robyn tethered naked on the balcony while she went to the town registration officer to make the brunette a slave girl officially.&nbsp; The Amazons had people on their payroll who would see that Robyn&#8217;s enslavement was official.&nbsp; Once she had the papers, once she had the leather slave collar locked about the beautiful woman&#8217;s neck, there would be no question about the young woman&#8217;s status.&nbsp; She would be a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn was so happy to be back inside the apartment that she did not care what had happened.&nbsp; No one had noticed her, she was merely another beautiful slave girl tethered out in public, but Robyn thought everyone had nothing better to do than to ogle her naked body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;m going to sit here and eat breakfast.&nbsp; While I&#8217;m doing that, you will pace back and forth across the room to get used to walking in those heels.&nbsp; The better you walk, the more clothing I will let you wear when I take you outside.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Outside!&nbsp; For a moment that thought shocked the beautiful captive.&nbsp; The more she thought about it, the more she thought she should obey.&nbsp; She had never thought of wearing clothing as a luxury.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The idea of being dressed, even dressed in the skimpy clothing of a slave girl, was enough motivation to get Robyn pacing back and forth.&nbsp; Because of that tall, slender heel, she could not take a large step, but her gait was seductively demure.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Stand facing the balcony with your legs spread.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn started to turn that way, then stopped, shaking her head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What is the problem?&nbsp; It&#8217;s not like you have something to hide.�&nbsp; The beautiful brunette cringed when Clarissa stepped toward her.&nbsp; The Amazon did not strike her, but put her hand down in the woman&#8217;s crotch.&nbsp; �This is now a public playground.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Generating a most evil smile, she stepped away from the captive.&nbsp; Crossing the room, she retrieved a paper that she held up for Robyn to read.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You can read it, can&#8217;t you?&nbsp; Officially you are a slave girl.&nbsp; No one will come to you aid, and to be quite honest, if anyone saw you hesitating like you are, they would take pleasure in beating your fanny.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without warning she bent a little so she could slap the brunette&#8217;s already painful bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Now move!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn stood facing the balcony where anyone could see her.&nbsp; Well, anyone who was several meters above street-level.&nbsp; Still, Robyn knew that in this position, she was displaying her body for all to see.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, to be honest about it, the Amazon had already decided on the slave girl&#8217;s attire whether she obeyed or not.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The high-heeled shoes were black patent leather.&nbsp; The outfit was bright red to provide a pleasant contrast.&nbsp; The halter-top did a most inadequate job of covering her boobs, while the flared miniskirt barely covered the bright red panties.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;m going to take you out on the street.&nbsp; The first time you show any hesitancy, you lose the skirt.&nbsp; The next time &#8211; the top.&nbsp; And finally the panties.&nbsp; Be a good girl and you can parade around in this demure outfit.&nbsp; Otherwise, you end up start naked where everyone can admire your ample charms.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clarissa added emphasis to this last sentence by squeezing the captive&#8217;s right tit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn knew she had no choice but to obey.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn had trouble descending the steps to the street level, as she was still unused to the high heels.&nbsp; She hesitated for a fraction of a second at the door, then jumped forward to prove to her mistress that she was obeying.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So Clarissa led Robyn down the street, the head of a little two women parade.&nbsp; They walked about half a block when the man folded his newspaper, placed it under his arm, and followed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Their destination was several blocks away.&nbsp; The apartment the Amazon had chosen had to be close to where Robyn worked in order to make it easy to lure her there.&nbsp; As such, it was not particularly close to where Clarissa planned to take Robyn.&nbsp; For the Amazon, it was no problem.&nbsp; For a newly collared slave girl it was.&nbsp; At least by the time they arrived, she was used to being in public in that abbreviated outfit.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They moved down an alley to the slave girl&#8217;s entrance.&nbsp; Clarissa tethered Robyn next to a ring the door.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The beautiful captive had no idea where she was.&nbsp; At least she was no longer in public where everyone (she thought) ogled her body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man continued past the alley, slowing slightly to insure the two had gone down it.&nbsp; At the next intersection he stopped to look back.&nbsp; By then Clarissa had re-emerged and was walking alongside the building, going back in the direction from which she had just come.&nbsp; At that intersection, she turned the corner.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man retraced his steps, pausing to look down the alley again.&nbsp; There stood Robyn, looking as submissive as she could.&nbsp; She had stepped back to test the tether chain, but even if she had managed to break it, she would not have been able to get away.&nbsp; Her hands were still manacled behind her back and she wore the collar of a slave girl.
The man continued on, crossing the street, then turning right and crossing again to follow the route Clarissa had taken but only on the other side of the street.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no sign of Clarissa, but one building took up the entire block so he knew she had to have entered.&nbsp; He bent his head back so he could read the sign above the marble columns.&nbsp; His eyebrows rose in an unasked question.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�The Academy of Oral Arts and Sciences,� known&nbsp; throughout the city as �Suck U.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Inside, Clarissa met with Bluto the headmaster at the school.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Though they had never met, he knew who she was.&nbsp; The training the academy offered was not the type of thing Amazons preferred.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You do know that when we are done with her, she will not be good for much else.�&nbsp; He rubbed his scraggy beard as she spoke, trying in vain to give the impression he was deep in through.&nbsp; �Our training is 100% guaranteed.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�That is exactly what I want.&nbsp; I want the full package including option plan A.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Option plan A, that was something he had not heard women order often.&nbsp; When a woman did order it, it usually involved some rival, or perhaps a husband&#8217;s former girl friend (former in the sense that she was now a slave girl).
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We can enroll her in the program immediately.&nbsp; Our students complete their training in ten to fourteen days on the average.&nbsp; We have some students who appear ready in less than ten days but we prefer to keep them around to ensure that their training is part of their nature.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Clarissa smiled.&nbsp; That was exactly what she wanted.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shortly after the Amazon paid the tuition, a mistress came for Robyn.&nbsp; Now you must keep in mind that the lovely brunette had no idea what was in store for her.&nbsp; All she saw was the back of a brick building.&nbsp; She stood in an alley among other brick buildings.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first thing the mistress did to the captive was to form her long, dark hair into a pair of pigtails on the sides of her head.&nbsp; This turned her hair into �handlebars� that could be used to maneuver her head about.&nbsp; This also pulled her tresses away from the back of her neck.&nbsp; She unbuckled the strap that held the ballgag in the captive&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Since they were training Robyn to be an oral slave, they wanted her to get used to having a cock in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she had the buckle undone, she pulled a dildo gag from her belt.&nbsp; Robyn faced away from her so she had no idea what the woman did.&nbsp; As the mistress&#8217;s left hand pulled the ballgag from her mouth, her right raised the preferred gag toward her mouth.&nbsp; The amount of time Robyn stood there without a gag filling her mouth was less than two seconds.&nbsp; One gag came out &#8211; the other went in.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The gag was large, oversized so to speak so the size would constantly tell the wearer just what was in her mouth.&nbsp; Robyn&#8217;s first concern was the size.&nbsp; The cross-section of the dildo was oval as it was 50 percent wider than it was high.&nbsp; It was also a good twelve centimeters long.&nbsp; Robyn&#8217;s eyes were wide, her eyebrows raised as she explored it with her tongue.&nbsp; She had never had anything like this in her mouth before.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Graagraagraa,� she mumbled as she tried to tell the mistress the shaft was too big.&nbsp; It was only after the woman had the ends of the buckle secured behind her head and had turned her around, did Robyn realized what was in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her eyes remained wide in astonishment but she did not make a sound.&nbsp; She was pretty certain the woman needed little provocation to punish her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress used the chain leash to lead the slave girl inside.&nbsp; They had to climb up one step to get through the door.&nbsp; Once Robyn was through the door and into the building, the mistress closed the door behind them.&nbsp; This was just an anteroom so there was nothing for a captive to see her.&nbsp; The woman turned the beautiful captive toward the door before slipping a black leather blindfold over her eyes.&nbsp; Black leather squares pressed against slightly larger foam rubber squares.&nbsp; The foam rubber compressed to fit to the contours of her face so no light could get in at all.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress removed what little clothing Robyn wore.&nbsp; She would need none until she left.&nbsp; Even then it would be superficial.&nbsp; What Robyn wore would be considerably far less important than what she did with her mouth. .&nbsp; (The shoes remained on.&nbsp; With those impossible high heels, they were a form of bondage themselves.)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn was not used to being lead about while blindfolded, so the mistress had to exert continual pressure on the leash to get her to follow.&nbsp; Robyn had no choice.&nbsp; With her hands cuffed behind her back, she was helpless.&nbsp; Gradually her speed increased until she trotted along behind the woman.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blindfold remained in place also.&nbsp; Without being distracted by seeing, she would concentrate solely on the dildo (or cock) in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A pair of naked slave girls prepared the captive for the first phase of her training.&nbsp; They were graduates of the course themselves.&nbsp; That was evident to anyone watching as they sucked furiously on the oversized dildos filling their mouths.&nbsp; One was a spurned lover of the dean of admissions.&nbsp; The other was a creditor whose payment was long overdue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They now existed solely for the pleasure of the faculty and staff (pardon the pun).&nbsp; When the proper time came, they might be sold, traded, rented, leased, loaned or simply given away.&nbsp; Of course, they had no say in their fate.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now, as the headmaster had told Clarissa, they were good for little else besides sucking cock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were made to work at the academy as a form of punishment.&nbsp; Others got what they so badly wanted and could not have.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They forced Robyn to kneel on a pair of blocks that were slightly longer than the distance from her knee to her ankle.&nbsp; Straps across her calves kept her in place.&nbsp; They pushed the captive down to fasten more straps across her thighs, pinning them to her calves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Next they fastened a leather mitten over each hand.&nbsp; This device was unique to the Academy (patent number 783746384765).&nbsp; Only the index finger remained free.&nbsp; On the back of each was a metal ring that they locked to an identical ring on the strap across Robyn&#8217;s thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress then took the two working slave girls down the hall where they could watch the graduating students take their final exams.&nbsp; (Of course they were �oral exams.�)&nbsp; They could watch, but they could not participate.&nbsp; They would watch and they would suck rubber cock, and with each passing minute, they would become more contrite for their earlier transgressions.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress returned to Robyn to begin her training.&nbsp; The first step was to mount a pipe in the floor before the kneeling captive.&nbsp;&nbsp; On the side was a bracket whose height she could adjust.&nbsp; To that bracket she screwed in a rubber dildo.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By turning a crank a number of times, the mistress moved the blocks apart so Robyn&#8217;s legs were spread, her pussy exposed.&nbsp; Turning another crank caused the blocks to move forward, advancing the naked captive toward a dildo protruding from the pipe.&nbsp; She stopped to advance the height of that dildo, then removed the dildo gag from the slave girl&#8217;s mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Keep your mouth open.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she turned the crank again, Robyn&#8217;s body moved forward, the dildo sliding into her mouth.&nbsp; The mistresses secured the crank in place with a cotter pin so the block would not move backwards away from the pipe. Next she fastened a chain from the ring on the front of the brunette&#8217;s collar to a ring on the pipe immediately below the protruding dildo.&nbsp; Robyn could take more of the shaft in her mouth, but could not pull her head back to let it slid from that orifice.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress pulled a chair around behind the captive, adjusting the distance so she could reach Robyn&#8217;s bottom with a switch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You will answer solely to the name �Katie Coed� while you are here.&nbsp; That is the name of all of our students.&nbsp; You have a student ID number, but that does not matter to you.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You will practice giving head until I tell you to stop, Katie.&nbsp; If you stop before then, you will get a sharp rap on the ass.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To reinforce this last statement, she rubbed the switch on one bare cheek, then the other.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We will start off easy on you, Katie.&nbsp; Only one minute.&nbsp; Begin now.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn did not want to do that.&nbsp; For a second she resisted.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Crack!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her r�sistance lasted only a second.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn moved her head forward and back.&nbsp; She could do this for a minute, she thought to herself.&nbsp; If it mean not having her bottom beaten, she could do it for a minute.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Show more enthusiasm, Katie.&nbsp; Your minute hasn&#8217;t started yet.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She moved her head forward and back faster than before.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Good girl, Katie.&nbsp; Your minute begins now.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She jerked her head forward and back in a series of rapid motions.&nbsp; She could do this for a minute.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of course the mistress had no intention of limiting Robyn&#8217;s training to a single minute.&nbsp; The time period was closer to five.&nbsp; Every time the brunette started to slow down, the mistress laid the switch against the captive&#8217;s bottom, an unspoken threat if she did not continue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Okay, Katie, stop for a second.�&nbsp; The mistress loosened the chain a little&nbsp;&nbsp; �Pull your head back so only the crown is in your mouth.&#8217;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn pulled her head back to the desired position.&nbsp; She let her teeth rest on the shaft.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This wasn&#8217;t so bad.&nbsp; It certainly was better than having her bottom beaten.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Now, we can do that again, or�would you like a reward?&nbsp; You&#8217;ve been a good little Katie Coed.&nbsp; I think you deserve a reward. Is that what you want?&nbsp; Do you want a reward?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn nodded.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In anticipation of that answer, the mistress moved around to the other side of the kneeling captive.&nbsp; When Robyn nodded, she loosened the chain that held her left hand against that thigh.&nbsp; Instead of being against the belt, the cuff was now connected to it by a chain eight centimeters long.&nbsp; This was just enough for her to reach her pussy.&nbsp; The mistress pulled the slave girl&#8217;s hand down toward her pussy.&nbsp; Holding her index finger, she dragged it down and then up one lip.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Now nice and slow, Katie, nice and slow.&nbsp; You know how to do it.&nbsp; See how long you can drag it out.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was not something they would accomplish in a day, or even in a week.&nbsp; Eventually Robyn would associate the pleasure of having an orgasm with that of sucking on a cock in her mouth.&nbsp; As Bluto had told Clarissa &#8211; they guaranteed success.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This continued for four minutes, ending only when Robyn came.&nbsp; The mistress gave the little slave girl another choice, one she knew she would take.&nbsp; Her head moved back and forth on the shaft as she slowly aroused herself to another orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes, she wanted another reward after take.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was only part of her training.&nbsp; After six hours it was time to feed her.&nbsp; Periodically they gave her a squirt of water to keep her mouth lubricated on the shaft.&nbsp; They waited to feed her until she was so hungry that she would be willing to do anything to eat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Are you hungry, Katie?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette nodded as best she could with the shaft still in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You have to suck for your supper.&nbsp; You have been sucking on a dildo for a couple hours.&nbsp; It can&#8217;t be that worse to suck on the real thing.&nbsp; Or perhaps you would rather not.&nbsp; Would you prefer to suck on that shaft and starve?�&nbsp; The luscious captive wiggled her head from side to side in a negative response.&nbsp; �Are you will to suck to eat, Katie?�&nbsp; A nod from the kneeling captive.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man&#8217;s job at the academy was to be sucked off by slave girls in training.&nbsp; He did nothing else.&nbsp; And he got paid for it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blindfold came off so Robyn would know exactly what she was doing.&nbsp; It did not matter whether she changed her mind or not.&nbsp; About a third of the new slave girls would rather suck the dildo.&nbsp; After a few more hours of sucking without eating would cause any woman to change her mind.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pain inflicted by Clarissa on Robyn made it impossible for her to refuse an order.&nbsp; She began sucking, working her head forward and back as she wondered what it would be like to have a man come in her mouth. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was not going to find out at this time.&nbsp; The man had an erection, but he had shot his wad several times that day already.&nbsp; She could suck for hours without getting any result.&nbsp; As it was, she had to suck only for five minutes.&nbsp; She would learn to suck longer as her training progressed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Okay.&nbsp; Open your mouth.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress tilted Robyn&#8217;s head back as she pulled back.&nbsp; Robyn was afraid she had done poorly and was about to be punished.&nbsp; The woman slipped a temporary dildo gag in the captive&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; The blindfold went back on.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Suck on that dildo as practice while I take you to the cafeteria.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cafeteria.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The imagines conjured in Robyn&#8217;s mind were completely wrong.&nbsp; It was simply a communal feed area.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress had the newly collared slave girl lie on her back on a mattress.&nbsp; She strapped her to the rails on the side so she could not move, but at the same time was not uncomfortable.&nbsp; A metal framework went over the brunette&#8217;s body at her waist.&nbsp; The woman then elevated one end of the mattress so the captive sat upright.&nbsp; She slid the device forward so feeding tube (shaped like a large penis) pointed at Robyn&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; She made a few adjustments so she had the slave girl&#8217;s mouth on the shaft.&nbsp;&nbsp; The captive brunette could move her face forward so she took more of the shaft in her mouth, but she could not pull her head back to pull her mouth off.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She left Robyn alone for a few minutes while she retrieved a large bottle of nutritious slave gruel.&nbsp; A liberal amount of cornstarch gave the gruel a sticky texture.&nbsp; It had an abundance of salt.&nbsp; Robyn would think it was just a snack when a man came in her mouth.&nbsp; 
The gruel had sufficient liquidity that it could be pumped down a tube in the center of the dildo and into the slave girl&#8217;s mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She placed a rubber wand on the woman&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; That wand&#8217;s �million magic fingers� would massage the slave&#8217;s pussy when it moved up and down.&nbsp; It would do that once she attached the end of a chain to it.&nbsp; She secured the chain to a hook on the device.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only thing left to do was to fasten the end of another chain to the back of Robyn&#8217;s collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�To eat, go down on the shaft as you have practiced, Katie.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn moved her head forward.&nbsp; When she drew it back, a wad of gruel shot into her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She did not like the taste.&nbsp; Still, it was better than nothing and she was hungry. She jerked her head forward and back, forward and back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�There is a timer on the shaft. �&nbsp; (Actually it was on the metal framework.&nbsp; Robyn could not see, and was only a slave girl, so the truth and explanations were a waste of time.)&nbsp; The longer you take, the more effort you have to put into it.&nbsp; Opps!&nbsp; It just changed to two.&nbsp; Now you have to go down twice to get a squirt.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The device was set to change the increments every few minutes to make it harder for the slave girl to get food.&nbsp; A well-trained slave girl could be expected to go down ten or twelve times for just one squirt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whole mechanism worked as a result of that chain attached to the back of her collar.&nbsp; When she pulled her head forward, she pulled the chain.&nbsp; After the proper number of times, the pressure would build up to cause the gruel to squirt through the rubber value . &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The movement of the chain also caused the wand to slid up and down in her mouth.&nbsp; It was not uncommon for a meal by a slave girl to be interrupt by an orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The movement of her upper body also perform crunches.&nbsp; A hard body was a requirement to be a graduate of the academy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Robyn had been exposed to the basic regimen of the academy though she was unaware of it.&nbsp; The pleasures of orgasm and eating would be associated with a dildo in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she was finished, she was allowed to go to the bathroom, then it was back to the training room for another two-hour session sucking the rubber dick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was other elements of her training, all of which led to the same result.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress forced her head back with instructions for the captive to keep her mouth open.&nbsp; She inserted the inflatable gag&nbsp;&nbsp; She knew exactly how much to blow it up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first session was only five minutes long.&nbsp; It would increase each time until she was capable of holding her mouth open for hours at a time.&nbsp; Sucking on one cock, or a dozen cocks for hours would be easy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The inflated gag hurt.&nbsp; Robyn was glad when the mistress removed that gag and forced her face forward so she had to take the dildo on her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was only her first day of training, and already Robyn was progressing on to being a good little oral slave girl.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 87

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�That new delivery is here.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac came to his feet.&nbsp; He had expected it for several days.&nbsp; Conditions had to be perfect for the delivery to occur.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Did they get the ones I wanted?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Yep.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time he reached the high bay area, they had the gate down on the wagon.&nbsp; The ponygirls had led the wagon into the area and around in a circle so they were ready to go out again.&nbsp; The captives in the back of the wagon were obviously not happy as they continued to struggle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of course, we all know they were females, but that was not evident from where Canjac stood.&nbsp; Black leather slave hoods covered their heads.&nbsp; Their bodies were encased in black leather slave sacks.&nbsp; The leather flexed in and out as they struggled in vain with their bondage.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These slave hoods were in reality discipline helmets as they had no eyeholes.&nbsp; Three straps encircled the wearer&#8217;s head, one about her neck, one level with her mouth, and a final at her eyes.&nbsp; The last strap also pressed pads against the captive&#8217;s ears so she could hear nothing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Black leather slave hoods, black leather slave sacks &#8211; the emergence of a pattern.&nbsp; Whom have we seen who always wears black leather?&nbsp; Could it be that a couple more Amazons have not so mysteriously disappeared?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave hoods jerked rapidly in one direction then back in the other.&nbsp; The movement was not much, as neither had much room to move.&nbsp; The slave sacks bulged in one direction then the other.&nbsp; Yes, the occupants were not happy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Get them in heels and single gloves.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men removed one slave sack from in back and set it on the floor.&nbsp; Removing the locks and unfastening the belt about the neck, they freed the captive from the confines of the leather bondage device.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was about all the freedom she had as she still wore handcuffs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men pushed her to her knees.&nbsp; They then raised her arms in the air, forcing her to place her leather-covered head against the floor.&nbsp; One man removed the cuffs while two others held their captive&#8217;s arms.&nbsp; Once her wrists were free, the two twisted her arms more as they pulled her hands toward the ceiling.&nbsp; Another man moved up so he stood straddling the captive&#8217;s head, one ankle on either side.&nbsp; No matter how hard she tried she would not be able to raise her head more than a few centimeters, and she could not move it to either side at all.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All they had to do was wait until the captive&#8217;s arms grew numb.&nbsp; Canjac had saw no need to pummel a slave girl to get her to obey.&nbsp; He simply gave her no choice.&nbsp; Once they thought her arms were numb, they began pulling the black, satin gloves up each arm.&nbsp; Sure, she tried to keep them from getting her fingers in the proper places of the gloves, but she accomplished little besides delaying the inevitable a minute or two.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once they had the gloves on, her arms were ready for bondage.&nbsp; A cord went about her wrists first.&nbsp; They cinched the first six loops before tying a knot.&nbsp; Both ends of the cord rose toward her head.&nbsp; Near the elbows, a man tied the ends together.&nbsp; The working ends passed around both upper arms at the elbows.&nbsp; By pulling on the ends, he drew her elbows together.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With arms bound at both the wrist and the elbow, the captive had little mobility and could not get free.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man then released the captive&#8217;s head so she could raise it.&nbsp; They did not allow her to straighten up.&nbsp; Instead, they pulled her head and shoulders forward to keep her off balance. Her weight still rested on her knees, but if they let go of her upper body, she would fall on her front.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Distracted by this precarious position, she made no effort to resist as they put the sandals with 15-centimeter stiletto heels on her feet.&nbsp; One strap across the top of her foot and another around her leg at the ankle insured that she could not kick them off.&nbsp; The only way to get out of the shoes was to unbuckle the straps, and with her hands bound, that was impossible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They dragged her to her feet, securing her bound wrists to an overhead rope.&nbsp; With her wrists pulled in the air behind her, she had to remain bent over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men turned their attention to the second captive.&nbsp; In a few minutes they had her in high heels, standing beside her friend.&nbsp; The two twisted their nubile bodies back and forth, all to no avail.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Training Room 3.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Each training room had a special purpose.&nbsp; The men had a general idea what would happened to the captives in Training Room 3 even without hearing his plans.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�How strong a spring?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Make it a number 6.&nbsp; I want these two to feel very frustrated.�&nbsp; He paused to grin at the man.&nbsp; �Frustration will make them appreciate the real thing more.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They marched the captives forward by holding their bound arms in the air, forcing them to walked bent over.&nbsp; Yes, they did try to resist by kicking blindly in one direction, then the other, but the men stopped that recalcitrant behavior by pulling the captive&#8217;s arms further in the air until bound hands were in front of their slender waists.&nbsp; As they staggered forward, their knees struck their heads repeatedly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With each step they learned their lesson about obeying.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The stinging touch of a switch to the bottom convinced them of the error of their actions.&nbsp; Before they reach their destination, the two changed their tactic to a more passive form of resistance.&nbsp; They forced the men to drag them, an action which they did.&nbsp; The closer the captives came to Training Room 3, the closer they came to wanting to use their bodies to please men.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Passive resistance was no more successful than more active resistance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac gestured toward the floor.&nbsp; Two men grabbed the legs of the taller captive, pulling them apart.&nbsp; Once they had them spread, the men knelt on one knee.&nbsp; The one knee pressed outwards while the thigh on the other side pressed the captive&#8217;s leg against his.&nbsp; This made it impossible for her to move either leg.&nbsp; Another man fastened a leather cuff about one ankle, then the other.&nbsp; Each leather cuff had a steel ring attached, and to each ring the man attached a chain running to another ring in the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men let go.&nbsp; The woman tried to pull her legs together but failed.&nbsp; The men were not done yet.&nbsp; They attached ceiling chains to rings on the leather slave hood.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No the captive could not fall over.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She thrashed about in her bondage while they bound her companion in an identical manner.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men turned their attention to the first woman, shortening her chains so she could not move her body at all beyond swinging her arms wildly from side to side.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next step, the most diabolical, was to mount a vertical pipe beneath each woman&#8217;s spread legs.&nbsp; On top they mounted a dildo, connected to the pipe by a spring, a number 6.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was perhaps the most insidious spring of the group.&nbsp; They adjusted the height of the pole so the tip of the dildo touched the captive&#8217;s pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let them get used to it.&nbsp; I have a date tonight.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captives knew they had been kidnapped and what their intended fate was.&nbsp; Other than that, they knew nothing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They could feel something pushing against their pussies.&nbsp; The first reaction was to try to pull their bodies up away for the object.&nbsp; Bound as they were, they could not.&nbsp; All they accomplished was to rub the tenderest parts of their bodies across the rounded tip of the dildo.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was inevitable.&nbsp; It happened to all captive bound such as this.&nbsp; They tried to get the dildo into their pussies to maximize the pleasure.&nbsp; That was where the spring took over.&nbsp; They could try to wiggle their pussies over it, but the spring would give.&nbsp; The higher the number of the spring, the more tension it had.&nbsp; If it was a �10,� it felt like a hard rubber dildo.&nbsp; If it was a �1� it would give completely.&nbsp; A �6� had just enough tension to frustrate the captive.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In a few minutes, a captive would want to scream.&nbsp; A gag kept her from doing that.&nbsp; At the end of half an hour she would have no thought other than getting an orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In a few hours, a woman would be most pliable.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;ll be back.�&nbsp; Giving the traditional slaver&#8217;s farewell, he added, �Don&#8217;t let them run off.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He picked her up in a carriage drawn by sixteen pony girls.&nbsp; They had dinner at an expensive restaurant.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They took a stroll along the bay.&nbsp; They held hands as they sat on a bench, watching stevedores unload a cargo of slave girls from a ship.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They ended up at his place.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�So show me where you do it?� Peggy asked, her eyes big with feigned innocence.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac was not certain how to respond to that statement.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Do�what?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Make women into slave girls. That&#8217;s what you do, isn&#8217;t it?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He moved his arm in a wide arc.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�This whole place is dedicated to that.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Show me what you would do to me if you grabbed me off the street.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I normally don&#8217;t do that but I have a copy of specimens I rescued��
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He took her to the room where the two captives squirmed continuously in their bondage.&nbsp; They could not get free.&nbsp; They could not achieve an orgasm.&nbsp; They did little more than exist.&nbsp; Canjac would bring to them meaning for their lives.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy could hear the excited mewing from within the leather slave hoods.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Look at those nipples!&#8217;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two captives were aroused; there was no doubt about that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�How long do you keep them like this?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�As long as I want. Many women come out of this device wanting to wear a collar. I suspect it will take a little more effort with these two.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy stood between the two so she could fondle one tittie of each woman.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mustn&#8217;t touch. For that you get punished.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The punishment consisted of a simple silver spandex singleglove. When Peggy realized what it was, she turned about with her hands together behind her back. He quickly slipped it up her arms. The straps ran across her shoulders, crossing in front under her chin. The straps snapped to the singleglove. He ran a zipper from her wrists to the top.&nbsp; A simple snap locked the zipper in place.&nbsp; There was sufficient flex in the material that no matter how hard she pulled, she would never be able to undo any snap.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy swung her arms about, but could not get free.&nbsp; The spandex held her captive without chaffing her flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I guess I&#8217;m helpless. You can do anything to me you want.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I know.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With that, he pulled her top up so her bra was exposed. Most free women wore simple white, cotton bras.&nbsp; Peggy wore a flimsy black lace bra, one you would expect to see on a slave girl. He then pulled the cups down so her titties were exposed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Do you have any complaints?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�No.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Immediately after saying that, an impish grin appeared on the beautiful brunette&#8217;s lips.&nbsp; Slowly her tongue made a circle about her lips, moistening them.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Using her hands on the captive&#8217;s tits had gotten then bound so�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She narrowed her eyes in a look that dared Canjac to stop her as she moved closer to the first captive.&nbsp; She planted her mouth on the right tittie and rubbed her tongue across the nipple.&nbsp; The captive responded by squirming about.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His left arm around her upper body pulled her upright.&nbsp; As her head came back he raised the ballgag toward her mouth.&nbsp; She took it without resisting.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You don&#8217;t learn, do you?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He buckled the ends of the strap behind her head.&nbsp; Peggy still had her hair pinned up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac spun her about so she faced him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Or do you?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The merriment in her eyes told him the answer to that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Come along.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He kept his left arm around her shoulders to guide her. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
As they turned a corridor, a French Maid approached.&nbsp; She stepped aside for her master and executed a delicate curtsey.&nbsp; The short hem would have allowed him to see her pubic hair, if she had any.&nbsp; To him she was just another beautiful slave girl until he saw the stubble at her crotch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Here, Peggy, there is someone I want you to meet.&nbsp; Peggy, this is Lori.&nbsp; Lori, show her your pubic hair.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette leaned back, a movement that raised the hem in front.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac rubbed his hand across it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You are getting some nice stubble there.�&nbsp; Turning to his luscious companion, he added,&nbsp; �Lori was bad little slave girl.&nbsp; As a result, I had to shave off her pussy hair.&nbsp; It&#8217;s growing back now and she is going to be a perfect slave girl, are you Lori?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The former Amazon nodded enthusiastically.&nbsp; She would be good.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�It won&#8217;t be long before that hair has grown back.&nbsp; Now, off with you.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He sent her on her way by playfully slapping her on her bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac led Peggy into a darkened room.&nbsp; Despite the lack of light, she sensed there were others here, others all around her.&nbsp; There was light also, reflective light from the open door.&nbsp; There were mirrors on the walls all about them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Kneel.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette dropped to her knees with as much gracefulness as she could. She wore an ankle length skirt that was just a little too tight for a free woman.&nbsp; While certainly much more demure than the scandalous outfits worn by slave girls, frumpy free women would certainly turn up their collective noses at a free woman wearing an outfit that hide her physical charms, and at the same time showed them off.
When the beautiful brunette finally got down on her knees, Canjac produced a cord that he used to lash her ankles together.&nbsp; Pushing her down so she sat on her thighs, he looped the ends of the cord about Peggy&#8217;s wrists.&nbsp; The nice thing about spandex (as opposed to leather) was that it allowed him to tie her hands as though they were unencumbered by another bondage device. Another knot insured that his date did not move from that position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without a word, he disappeared through the open door behind her.&nbsp; As Peggy&#8217;s eyes became accustomed to the dark, she saw there were others in the room.&nbsp; She counted the figures on the floor.&nbsp; Three lie to her right, her left and before her.&nbsp; She listened carefully, and once she was certain Canjac was not behind her, she looked to her left.&nbsp; Another figure lay on the floor in that direction.&nbsp; Turning her head back, she saw that another lie on her right.&nbsp; Only the presence of the door immediately behind her kept there from being three on that side also.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eleven slave girls in the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, twelve, if you wanted to count Peggy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As we have already seen, Peggy had no problem performing before an audience, but slave girls hardly constituted an audience.&nbsp; She wondered why he had them there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac announced his return by dropping a canvas bag on the floor before her.&nbsp; He then squatted to free her.&nbsp; The cord came off her wrists and then her ankles.&nbsp; The singleglove was next.
She wondered what new bondage delights he had in that bag.
From the canvas bag he pulled a paper one.&nbsp; He handed it to her.
�While I hoist them up, you put the candles in the candle holders.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He offered no better explanation than that.&nbsp; Since she still wore the gag, she could not ask for one.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac had reentered the small room carrying a lantern that he set on the floor.&nbsp; The little bit of light it through out allowed him to close the door.&nbsp; Peggy saw that the backside of the door also had a mirror.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy immediately saw the purpose of all the mirrors.&nbsp; Just a little light was reflected many times over, illuminating the entire room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac moved to a lever on the wall next to the door.&nbsp; The open door had hidden it from sight initially.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Using both hands, he pulled down on lever.&nbsp; It clicked several times as chains ran over pulleys in the ceiling.&nbsp; Peggy had been watching him as she wondered what he meant by �candle holders.�&nbsp; When she heard the chains clinking overhead, she had to look up.&nbsp; From the corner of her eyes she saw movement.&nbsp; The chains running down the walls from the ceiling wobbled back and forth as they grew shorter.
Canjac shortened the chains by pulling down on the lever.&nbsp; As they grew shorter, eleven other chains grew shorter.&nbsp; Each chain was attached to a ring.&nbsp; Two more chains were attached to each ring and they ran down to the ends of eleven spreader bars.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ankles of the eleven naked captives were secured to these spreader bars by more chains and leather cuffs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Each time Canjac pulled down the lever, the chains became shorter.&nbsp; The spreader bars rose in the air, drawing the naked women&#8217;s feet a little in the air with them.&nbsp; As their feet rose higher, their bodies slide across the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy still wasn&#8217;t sure about the �candle holders.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She pulled a candle from the bag.&nbsp; It was about seven centimeters in diameter and twenty centimeters long.&nbsp; From the blackened wick and the formation of wax on the top she knew the candle had been used before.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She counted the candles in her hand and in the bag.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eleven.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eleven candles, eleven naked women.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her eyebrows shot up as a look of glee appeared on her face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Of course, �candle holders!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Moving to the naked woman next to Canjac, she waited until the lever was down before inserting the candle into the woman&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; To insure it was in all way, she twisted it back and forth a few times.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captive muttered a groan through her ballgag.&nbsp; She did not want this inserted into her pussy, but she had to admit that it felt good, the waxen objected sliding back and forth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was the first time for each captive in this room.&nbsp; Most captives only came once (though Canjac suspected he might be using it more often if Peggy&#8217;s desires were as insatiable as he thought).&nbsp; Whatever self-respect they had would be gone within minutes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy moved to the next woman&nbsp;&nbsp; She had had to bend over to reach the pussy of the first woman.&nbsp; At the second she did not have to bend as much.&nbsp; By the time she reached number six, the woman&#8217;s pussy was at waist-level.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She actually had to reach up to get the shaft into the pussy of the final captive.&nbsp; For the last three, she held the candle tightly with both hands, pushing down as she twisted it back and forth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac had finished by then.&nbsp; He locked the level in the �down� position so there was no chance the chains would come loose.&nbsp; The captives were too valuable for him to run the risk of them being damaged through a careless accident.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy turned toward Canjac when she finished.&nbsp; Stepping back to captive number seven, she bent to point at the woman&#8217;s neck.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Most of the naked captives in that room wore the leather collar of a slave girl.&nbsp; Two did not.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�She hasn&#8217;t decided yet that she would rather be a slave girl.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy smiled as best she could with a rubber ball filling her mouth.&nbsp; As being treated in such a manner, she doubted the two would want to be free.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac stepped forward to grab the candle of captive number eleven with his left hand.&nbsp; He twisted it back and forth, getting the reaction for the naked captive he expected.&nbsp; She wiggled her hands, feet and head, the only parts of her body that could move.&nbsp; He stopped before she had an orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Maybe she has decided she wants to be a slave girl and I&#8217;m just testing to see if she means it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Look at it,� he said as he pulled a lip from contact with the candle.&nbsp; �A woman&#8217;s most prized possession.&nbsp; I bet that as a free woman she was very stingy about who she let play there.&nbsp; Now it is nothing more than a candle holder, a piece of furniture.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy squinted at him when he alluded to the woman&#8217;s pussy as a �piece.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Not like yours,� Canjac said as he drew her nearer.&nbsp; His left arm encircled her body so he could grab her left tit with it.&nbsp; His right hand went to her crotch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let&#8217;s get these candles lit, and then we can get down to business.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac produced a box of friction matches.&nbsp; He started on the wall behind the door, while Peggy began next to the door.&nbsp; One-by-one, they lit each candle as they worked their way toward each other around the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Those are not dripless candles so they had better not struggle too much.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy was pretty certain he said that for their benefit and not hers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac moved to the center of the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Come over here.&nbsp; Now turn around and face the door.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stood there passively as he removed all her clothes.










Chapter 88

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  36
  2007-07-07T21:29:00Z
  2007-07-07T21:29:00Z
  8
  3331
  18992
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  158
  44
  22279
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 88

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������� �Kneel
here, facing in that direction with your face against your knees and your hands
behind your back.�
����������� Peggy lowered one knee to the
floor, then the other, as Canjac stepped past her to get to the door.� She only had time to assume the desired
position before he returned.� It did not
take him long as he had prepared for this date.�
She heard the sound of something landing on the floor.� It was not a loud sound but it indicated
something of some weight nonetheless.

����������� This sound,
of course, was that of several lengths of rope hitting the floor.� Canjac had the evening planned out.

����������� Choosing a
shorter piece, he tied the beautiful brunette�s hands behind her back palm to
palm, making four loops and cinching them before tying a knot.� With this, Peggy was helplessly bound.� She did not have to try to escape to know
that.� She knew from experience that when
Canjac bound her, she remained bound.

����������� Of course,
she did not want to escape.

����������� The next
rope he chose was a little longer.� He
used it to tie her upper arms together.�
More than just tying them together, he pulled the elbows together.� He knelt, his right knee on the floor and his
left on the brunette�s left arm to keep it pinned against her back.� He pulled on both ends at the same time,
gradually drawing his captive�s elbows together until they touched.� Again, he cinched the loops before tying a
knot.

����������� This was an
awkward position, and quite painful to a woman not used to being bound.

����������� Peggy had
no problem, taking this bondage in stride.

����������� The next
rope was considerably longer as it encircled her upper arms and body.� After making three passes above Peggy�s large
titties, he made three more passes below them.�
He then tucked one end of the rope under the brunette�s left arm.� He repeated the process to cinch those first
three loops.� Moving to Peggy�s other
side, he repeated the process.� Once he
had those loops cinched, he pulled the ends of the rope behind his captive�s
back.� He had not tied knots when he
cinched the loops under her arms.� These
cinches though had pulled all slack from those first three loops, pinning the
captive�s upper arms securely against her body.

����������� The next
rope was much shorter than the one he had just used but longer than the first
two.� He tied one end to Peggy�s bound
wrists before looping it around her slender waist.� When the working end was back at the
brunette�s wrists, he passed the rope between them, then brought it back around
her body.� When tied the end to her
wrists, the captive could not move her hands from her waist.

����������� He drew her
body upright to he had access to the top of her thighs.� He passed a rope about Peggy�s left thigh and
shin.� He tied the ends together without
cinching the loops.� He repeated the
process with her right leg.

����������� He left her
there momentarily while he sought a new gag.�
He returned within a minute with a dildo harness gag.

����������� Of course,
there was more to it than just a gag and a bunch of leather strap about her
head.

����������� He loosened
the strap so he could pull the rubber ball from her mouth.� He did not pull it free until he had the
dildo ready in his hand.� The rubber ball
came out; the dildo slid in.� Peggy not
no time to even think about not having the gag in her mouth before he had a new
one insuring her silence. 

����������� Straps
encircled her head, as they did with all harness gags.� This harness gag though had a metal rod
secured to a strap on each side of her head.�
The dildo was fastened to another rod that was fastened to the first
rod.� Canjac buckled the various straps tight
before checking the dildo to insure that it would slide in and out of her mouth
easily.

����������� He next
slid a leather strap about her chest just below those round, jutting
titties.� Another strap encircled her
waist.� The strap buckled in front where
she could not get at the buckle to remove the strap.� Secured to the strap at her back was a large
metal ring.

����������� �I want you
face down on the floor.�

����������� She could
not do that without falling down and probably hurting herself so he helped
her.� As he gave her the order, he
grabbed her by the upper arms.� While it
would have been far easier for her to fall first on her side and then roll on
her front, he lifted her body as he pulled forward.� Keeping a firm grip on her arms, he let her
down on the floor.� She ended up in the
desired position without hurting herself.

����������� He stepped
around her to admire his handiwork so far.�
The position he had bound her in could be described as a �hogtie,�
though her legs were not bound to each other.

����������� He
corrected that next.� Tying a heavy cord
to her left ankle, he raised that knee in the air so the left foot moved close
to her bound hands.� He slid his knee
under her leg to keep her in that position as he threaded the working end of
the cord between her arms.� Letting go of
the cord, he raised her right leg in the air, so its angle matched that of her
left.� Using his other knee, he propped
it up so he could tie the end of the cord to it.

����������� As he
scooted back, pulling his legs out from under her, the distributaries of her
weight changed.� She rocked back, her
shoulders rising half a centimeter in the air.

����������� This was an
uncomfortable position in which to be bound.�
It was about to become a lot worse for the beautiful brunette.

����������� He returned
to the wall behind the door. When the door was open, it kept Peggy from seeing
a windlass on the wall when she entered the room.� The working end of the chain ran to a pulley
overhead where the wall and ceiling met.�
From there it continued across the ceiling to another pulley immediately
over her head.� In that position she
could see nothing, but from the metallic clanking, she guessed he was lowering
a chain toward her body.

����������� When the
end of the chain was half a dozen centimeters above her back, he stopped the
windlass, sticking a large cotter pin through a hole in the device to lock it
in position.

The next item he needed was
outside.� He opened to the door to grab a
bar leaning against the wall.� He placed
it there when he returned with the gag harness.�
He left it outside so Peggy would not have any hints about what he
intended to do to her.� That was part of
the fun.

����������� Rings
extended from both ends of the bar.� He
locked one end to the ring on the strap at her upper back, and the other end to
the ring on the strap at her waist.

����������� That rod
had one more ring on it, right in the middle of its length.� He locked the last link of the chain to that
ring.� 

����������� He was
almost finished, almost, but not quite.�
One more short length of chain ran from the bottom link to a ring on the
gag harness.� He first pulled the dildo
as far from her mouth as he could get it to go.�
Then, raising her head, he attached the end of the last chain to the
ring on the head harness.

����������� He was
almost done now.� All he had to do was
turn the windlass to shorten the chain.�
As it clanked through the two pulleys and down to the drum where he
turned, the chain drew Peggy�s body in the air.�
He stropped when she was at the correct height above the floor.

����������� With her
legs bound spread, Peggy could do nothing to stop any man from taking advantage
of her.� (Like she would object.)� 

����������� Canjac
dropped his trousers and went to work.�
Because she was suspended by only one chain, her body slowly rotated to
his left.� He grabbed her by the shins to
rotate her back into the correct position.

He held her by the hips, but her
body was not stationary.� With each
thrust of his hips, her body moved forward.�
With the movement forward, the apparatus on the head harness flexed,
causing the dildo gag to slide into her mouth.�
As her body rocked back, the dildo slid out.

����������� In and
out.� In and out.� The faster Canjac worked, the faster the
dildo worked in and out of her mouth.

����������� Now Peggy
knew that this type of harness was used to train slave girls to enjoy sucking
cock, but she did not mind.� She enjoyed
being helpless so she had endured whatever Canjac wanted her to do.� That included learning to suck cock.� 

����������� Mainly, she
did not object because the right bondage had aroused her, and the constant
battering of her pussy caused her to come quickly and often.� Her tongue and lips eager sought the shaft in
her mouth.

����������� Since this
required minimal effort on his part, Canjac could have kept it up all night if
he needed to.� He did not need to
though.� A couple hours after he began,
he stopped.� He still had not come.

����������� The same
could not be said for Peggy.� Merely
being bound aroused her.� The hammering
at her pussy had driven her from one quick orgasm to another.

����������� Peggy was
almost unconscious, exhausted by one orgasm after another.� They had grown in intensity with their
frequency.� She did not want him to stop,
but she was too exhausted to protest.

����������� As eluded
to earlier, Canjac had bound the lovely brunette so she could do nothing to
stop any man from using her.� He was not
that magnanimous though.� When he left
her, he closed and locked the door behind him.

����������� That pussy
belonged to him alone the night.

����������� He returned
to the two leather clad captives who remained in the same position they had
been in when he left them.

����������� If
anything, their nipples were harder and appeared ready to explode off their
titties.

����������� He had no
left them alone.� He did not want them to
hurt themselves or to have too much fun.�
No, there was no need for a guard as neither captive had the slightest
chance of escaping.

����������� �I want to
start with the shorter of the two.� I�ll
get some help.�

����������� In a couple
minutes he returned with two men from the night staff.� Breaking women into obedient little slave
girls was a round the clock operation.�
They would be slaves 24 hours per day, so they had to watch and train
them 24 hours a day.

����������� They freed
the shorter of the two captives so they could drag her from the room.� She wanted to try to resist, but there was
little she could do.� That leather slave
hood not only cut off all sight, it cut off all sounds.� She had no idea where she was or what was
going on.

����������� Not that
knowing what was about to happen would not have helped her in any way.

����������� They had
removed one captive.� That left one naked
captive alone in the first room.� Of
course, since she wore a slave hood identical to her companion, she had no idea
that there had been two of them in that room.�
She now was unaware that she was now alone.

����������� They took
the first captive to a room that Canjac had decorated to look like an
office.� He had a large wood desk behind
which he sat in a leather, wingback chair.�
On the wall across from the desk there was a bookshelf.� The lower three shelves were filled with
books.� The fourth shelf was empty but
the books for it were stacked up on the floor nearby.

����������� No, it is
not quite right to say that it was a fourth shelf.� The other three shelves were supported on
both sides by vertical piece projecting out from the back.� Each shelf had a vertical piece on each end
that rose high enough to support books on it.�


The fourth shelf was a little
different.� On the left, the far side, it
had the same support as the other three shelves.� The near side had no support, and the end of
the shelf rested on the books of the shelf below.

����������� As Canjac
sat in a chair behind the desk, his men forced the captive to her knees before
the desk.� With a wave of his hand, he
signaled them to remove the slave hood.

����������� Beneath all
that constricting leather, appeared the beautiful face of Danielle.

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt.�

����������� �I�m sorry
Danielle, but it really is not your place to protest.� Don�t the Amazons have a saying:� �Any woman who allows herself to be bound and
gagged deserves to be a slave girl?��

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt.�

����������� �You don�t
have a collar on now, but I�m certain that before long you will be begging for
one.�

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt.�

����������� �Perhaps
begging is not the right word as you will still have a gag in your mouth.�

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt.�

����������� �I have
something that is really suited toward your talents.�

����������� As he rose
from the chair, two men grabbed the beautiful captive by the upper arms.� They dragged her across the room toward the
bookcase.� The beautiful brunette never
really regained her feet so they had no trouble forcing her to her knees at the
end.� Canjac had raised the end of the
fourth shelf and was waiting.

����������� As they
pushed her head forward, Danielle saw the end of the board was curved to
accommodate a woman�s neck.� A strap
dangled down from the back of the board.�
The Amazon tried to resist, but bound as she was, that was
impossible.� They pushed her head forward
until they had her throat pressed against the curved end of the wood.� One man grabbed her head tightly with both
hands, allowing the other to pull the leather strap about the back of her
neck.� The end of the strap had a hook
riveted to the end.� The man slipped it
through an eyebolt screwed into the front part of the board.� Danielle�s body would serve as the prop for
the fourth shelf on that end.

����������� It was
about to become a lot worse for her.

����������� They pushed
her body forward until they had it in the correct position.� At the end of the vertical board half a meter
above the floor there was another eyebolt screwed in.� They hooked one end of a light chain to the
ring, ran it around Danielle�s right hip, between her legs and up to the ring
again.� The man threaded it through the
circle of steel.� He then passed it about
Danielle�s left hip, between her legs and up to the ring.� A lock secured one link to the ring.

����������� Danielle
could not move about.� Since the bookcase
was bolted to the floor, she was not going anyplace.

����������� The
position was awkward.� If she were
allowed to kneel upright, her weight would have rested on her knees.� If she had been allowed to sit back, her
weight would have rested on thighs.� As
it was, her bottom was several centimeters above her calves.

����������� Canjac knew
she would not like this position at all.

����������� Yes, things
continued to get worse.

����������� Canjac
proceeded to stack the books on the shelf.�
When he put the last one in, the book on the end was pressed tightly
against the woman�s beautiful face.

����������� �Since you
don�t have any other skills, I guess you will have to serve as a bookend.�� He patted her on the head.� �Have fun.�
I will come for you.�
Eventually.� Just try to do the
best job your can.�

����������� As soon as
she heard the door close, Danielle began to struggle with her bondage.� Well, we all know there was no way she was
ever going to get out of the singleglove.�
He had her bound in such a way that she could not knock the books off
the shelf.

����������� All she
could do was remain there, her beautiful face relegated to the role of bookend.

����������� �We�ll give
her an hour.� Then we will see if she
likes it.

����������� While he
waited, Canjac returned to Peggy.� This
helpless brunette could do nothing but suck on the dildo in her mouth as she
purred contentedly.

����������� �Are you
having fun?�
����������� As she said that, his right hand
slipped along the bare flesh of her bottom.

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt!� Mmmmmffffftttt!�

����������� What?� You�ve never heard a gagged woman begged to
be used?

����������� Canjac
grabbed her by the left thigh so he could swivel her body left and right.� The dildo slid in and out of her mouth.

����������� (Slobber.� Slobber.�
Slobber.)

����������� �You do
enjoy that, don�t you?�

����������� With her
head bound as it was, she could not nod her head.� Her mouth was too busy sucking on the dildo
to make an audible reply.

����������� Without a
word, Canjac left.

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt!�

����������� We all know
what that meant, don�t we?�

����������� Canjac
entered the room 58 minutes after he left.�
There was no need to be exact.�
Enslaving a beautiful woman was not a precise science.� It was the end result that mattered.

����������� �Good girl,
Danielle.� I knew you could do it. Good
girl.�� As he said that he patted her on
the head.

����������� As he
stepped away, his men began to free the naked captive.

����������� �Since you
have done such a good job, we all agree that you deserve a reward.�

����������� The men
pulled the beautiful captive to her feet.�
That position was a strain on her legs so she had trouble standing, and
she certainly was in no position to resist when they pulled her legs apart to
tie one ankle to a ring on the floor to the right and another to the ring on
the left.� Danielle had to stand with her
legs spread.

����������� Canjac was
busy lowering a chain from the ceiling.�
They forced the beautiful brunette to bend over so the end of the single
glove was in the air.�� They attached the
ring at the end of the single glove to the bottom link of the chain.

����������� �Are you
ready to be reward?�

����������� There was
nothing Danielle could do at that point.�
She certainly had nothing to do to get ready.� With her bottom sticking out, she was in the
perfect position to be fucked.

����������� He reaction
to the man using her was at best tepid, but eventually she came.� 

����������� They pulled
her hands further into the air so they could free the singleglove from the
chain, allowing their naked captive to stand upright.

����������� �Next order
of business is back into the slave hood for another twelve hours.�

����������� He had no
intention of putting her in that bondage device for twelve hours, but she did
not know that.� As far as she could tell,
she could have been in it for three days already.

����������� And she did
not want more.

����������� �Mmmmmfffffftttttt!!�

����������� She shook
her head vigorously.

����������� �You don�t
like this hood, do you?�

����������� Another
shake of the head.

����������� �I�ll give
you a choice.� You can be fucked by
another man, or wear the hood.� If your
choice is to be fucked, assume the position.�

����������� The
brunette pleaded with him using only her eyes.�
They did not good so she bent over, her ass sticking out, her head back
so she could only look ahead of her.�
They had not freed her ankles, she her legs were already spread.

����������� This orgasm
came faster.

����������� Slowly
Danielle straightened up, unsure if she had to do more to avoid the slave hood.

����������� �Free her
legs,� Canjac ordered as he crossed the room to a cupboard.� He returned with a little bell.

����������� Tingletingletingle.

����������� �When I
ring the bell, you assume the position.��
He paused as he picked up the slave hood.� �Or you wear this.�

����������� Tignletingletingle.

����������� The
beautiful brunette moved her legs apart and bent over.� She wondered if someone intended on using
her.� She was glad when she felt hands on
her hips.� She came even faster than
before.

����������� �When I
ring the bell, assume the position and count to ten.� If no one has rewarded you for you good
behavior by then, you can straighten up.�
However, you may not turn to look behind you.�

����������� Canjac
slowly counted to �five� before ringing the bell.� The beautiful brunette bent over.� Sure it was degrading, but it was better than
going back into that helmet for some long period.

����������� Canjac
counted along with her.� He was only at
�eight� when she straightened up.� He had
not specified any pace at counting.

����������� �Not bad,
but there is always room for improvement.�
Count slower next time.�

����������� He rang it
again.� She bent over without
hesitation.� This time he made it to
�twelve� before she straightened up.

����������� �Good.� Good.�
Let�s play at this for a while.�
You can think what you really want me to do to you.�

����������� It did not
take long for Danielle to react instinctively when he rang the bell.� 

����������� While they
played at that game, Peggy continued to suck on the dildo in her mouth while
she wished Canjac would return to fuck her some more.� The other hooded captive remained where they
had left her with the dildo teasing her pussy.

����������� While these
two captives suffered through the frustration of having someone else decide
whether they were permitted to come, Danielle�s training progressing nicely.

����������� Canjac put
his arm about the captive�s neck, his hand cupping her chin.� By exerting little pressure, he forced her to
look up at him.

����������� �Now, the
choice is your � do you want to go back into the slave hood?�� She shook her head as best she could.� �If you are going to go around offering your
pussy to men, you have to wear something a little more appropriate.� Do you agree to that?�

����������� She paused
for a few seconds.� He sensed her nod
more than he saw it.

����������� He took her
to another room where two French Maids were ready to dress her.� Canjac had already known what her answer
would be.� She had no choice at all.

����������� The
tethering chains in the room where designed to be attached to a slave
girl.� Since Danielle did not wear a
slave collar (yet) they had to make alternations.� The end of one chain passed before her throat
and was fastened to a link o\in the other chain.� The end of that chain passed behind the back
of her neck and was fastened to a link in the first chain.

����������� The net
result was that the beautiful captive was secured in a ring of chains that
allowed her little movement at all.

����������� While they
dressed his new plaything, he returned to the other captive.

����������� �Increase
the setting to an �eight.�� Let her come
a few times.� That will make her much
more pliable.�

����������� The man adjusted
the height of the dildo so the tip was now inside the captive�s pussy.� If she squirmed enough, she could cause
herself to come.� Once she had done that,
she could not help but come again and again until they removed the dildo.

����������� What can we
say about Danielle�s outfit that we haven�t said before?� Two small triangles of sating covered her
titties.� Her midriff was bare.� The short flared skirt barely covered her
pussy in front and was two or three centimeters shorter in back.� The high-heeled sandals had 15-centimeter
stiletto heels.� She could get around,
but not very quickly.

����������� �I suppose
you would like to wear some panties?�

����������� She nodded,
a little quicker than she had the other times.

����������� �I have
these for you.�

����������� They were
black satin so they would clash very nicely with the pink.

����������� Did I
forget to mention they were crotchless?

����������� �Of course,
we have to let everyone know exactly what you are offering��

����������� He turned
them around so she could see the white lettering that would be on her
bottom.� �Fuck me� on each cheek with a
pair of arrows pointing at an angle down.�
When she bent over, the message would be visible and the arrows would be
pointing toward her pussy.

����������� �Lift you
left leg so I can get them on you.�

����������� Now only
did she have to wear them, she had to help get them on.

����������� �Now, show
me what you have to offer.�

����������� Danielle
turned around, spread her legs apart, and bent over.

����������� Canjac had
to smile.� He doubted she would refuse
when he offered her a slave collar but that could wait.� He wanted to toy with her until he was
certain she would do everything he wanted.














Chapter 89

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  79
  2007-07-12T22:49:00Z
  2007-07-12T22:49:00Z
  9
  4254
  24253
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  202
  56
  28451
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Chapter 89

&nbsp;

Our story opens in the Tavern of
the Spreadeagle Slave girl.� You know how
a tavern named the �White Horse Inn� would have a painting of a white horse
beside the door.� Or the �Whip and Crop�
would have a picture of crossed whips and crops on either side of the door.

Well, the Tavern of the Spreadeagle
Slave Girl was nothing like that.� They
did not have a picture of a slave girl in a revealing
slave girl outfit.� They had four naked
captives spreadeagled against the fa�ade on the second level. �A person standing in the street and looking up
had a clear view of the Promised Land.�
What an inducement for good service!�
No need to tip for good service here.�
If a slave girl did not perform well, she could expect to spend some
time showing off her wares as she contemplated her laziness.

This tavern of no special
significance in the town, other than it was the meeting place
of the various the whipmistresses in employ of the great houses of the
capital.� In almost any tavern you could
find a whipmistress or two, but this inn was the meeting place of those best
paid.

A whipmistress provided a very
important function when a master or mistress owned several slave girls.� If there were too many luscious creatures to
take care of personally, so the proud owner would delegate to a hired employee,
a whipmistress, and the function of disciplining slave girls.� 

At the Tavern of the Spreadeagle
Slave Girl, five or six whipmistresses gathered around the table drinking
tankards of ale.� They were among the
most proficient in their field.� Their
talk centered on types and severely of training in order to punish a slave girl
so she would obey the next time an order was given her.� 

As a working group, they thought
they were underpaid.� They were skilled
craftswomen at their trade.� To a woman,
they thought they should be paid more.�
There was only one recourse of action available
to them in the situation.� They had to
take it out on a slave girl.

On the table, in the middle of the
little circle, on all fours, was a naked slave girl.� Well, she lies not completely naked.� She wore a garter belt to hold up her sheer
black stockings and she had on high-heeled sandals with those impossibly high
stiletto heels.� Her arms were covered in
shoulder length satin gloves.� She had
her forearms resting on the tabletop and her knees were a little wider than her
shoulders.� In this position, she was
most vulnerable. 

She could not move from that
position if she wanted to.� Several loops
of rope encircled her wrists.� The first
knot was out of sight under her hands.�
The other end was not visible, but the long end of the rope disappeared
under the tabletop.� A similar rope was
tied to each ankle, with the long end tied to a table leg.

Caroline extended her arm to fondle
a dangling tittie.� The little slave girl
did not react.� She remains staring
straight ahead across the room, as they had taught her through many hours of
intense training.� She knew they wanted
her to react.� This would give them
grounds to punish her.� Reacting would only
make her fate worse.� She knew she was
going to be punished, and she knew she was going to be punished severely.

She was also an exquisitely trained
slave girl.� As a result, she knew she
deserved to this punishment.� Why else
would a mistress take time to spank her?

The slave girl could offer no
protest as they had a rubber ball wedged securely in her mouth.� A black leather strap pierced the center of
the ball, and the ends of the leather strap were buckled together behind her head.� If she were unbound, she could have removed
the ballgag to call out for help.� She
was never left alone unbound so a slave girl removing a gag was merely a
rhetorical mental exercise.� In was in to
stay.� 

�So tell me,� Myra asked.� �What are you going to do?�

Caroline shrugged.� She had elaborate plans, but was unwilling to
reveal all. They would not betray her, this she was certain of, but she knew
better than to take any chances. 

Madison Blaine had turned down her
request for a pay raise.� She was certain
she could get a job with more pay somewhere else, but she wanted revenge.� She deserved more pay.� It was not the amount of money they paid her, it was the principle of the thing.

�I have not decided yet.� I have left my options open.�

�What you want is revenge.�� Alexis smiled as she said that.� Her boss can just given
her a major pay raise, so she knew she made much more than Caroline.

It was not that her employer could
not afford to pay her, after all Bruce Blaine was one of the richest men in
town.� He was also commander of the town
guard.� Everyone knew that whenever
salary the town paid him was little compared to the amount he stole from the
military.� Caroline deserved more money
and her employer could afford to pay it.

While Bruce Blaine was nominally
her employer, she took orders from his wife who ran stately Blaine Manor.� Bruce spent much time out of town on city
business.

Penny leaned forward so no one else
would overhear what she was about to say.

�You know he has a daughter, don�t
you?�

�You mean �Laura the Bitch?��

The whipmistresses erupted into
laughter.� If there was one thing they
could not stand, it was an arrogant young woman who did not know her
place.� Their employers never learned.� They all had beautiful, young, sexy
daughters, who would look much more beautiful and sexy with a slave collar
about their necks.� The whipmistresses
all knew what happened to the arrogant little girls, but the employers never
did.� One day they had an aristocratic
young daughter who was a pain in the ass.�
The next day they would receive a note informing them that their
daughter had run away.� Perhaps she had
gone to join a friend in the country.�
Maybe she joined a traveling circus.�
Little did they know that their daughter was not far away, wearing high
heels and a slave collar while using that nasty mouth of hers to bring pleasure
to others.

�There are certain protocols I have
to follow.�

�After all, he is a very important
person.�

That caused more laughter.� They followed the law only when it was to
their advantage.

�So, you have no idea how to do
about getting revenge?�

Caroline smiled.� Though she was the only Amazon in the group
there at the table, she was certain she could trust them.� (Well, she could trust them about anything
dealing with a whipmistress.� They would
not be privy to any of the Amazons� secrets, and these secrets were many.)

�Of course, I have a plan.� I also have an ally, Madison Blaine.�

You will recall that Madison Blaine
was the person who refused to give her a pay raise.�� Duplicity and treachery were hallmarks of
anything the Amazons did.

�You mean Laura�s mother?�

�No, she is Blaine�s fourth or
fifth wife.�

�So she sees her grown stepdaughter
as a threat to her standing in the society?�

�The new wife sees the stepdaughter
as a threat.� She sees everyone as a
threat.� Anyone who
gets in her way disappears.�

�I remember something about
that.� Blaine has been married and
divorced several times but didn�t his last wife just disappear about a year
ago?� He then remarried just a few months
ago.�

�Did you have something to do with
her disappearance?� The
previous wife?�

�Not me!� She was just there one day and not the
next.� She said she was going shopping
and never came home.�

�Then you say his current wife
did?�

�Of course she did.�

Caroline smacked slave girl on bare
bottom.

�Didn�t she?�

The bound slave girl grunted and
nodded.

There was a squeal of comments from
the assembled group.

�You mean this is her?�

The whipmistresses uttered squeals
of sheer pleasure.� It was rare that they
knew anything about the history of a slave girl before she earned her collar.

�Of course.� I have to know what is going on in that household to protect my interests.� What better way to get rid of a rival than to
turn her into a slave girl?� While Bruce
Blaine made inquiries through official channels, I have my own means.�� She tapped her forearm that was covered with
black leather.� Not only did the Amazons
have their own secrets, they had their own sources.�� �She doesn�t know that I know or else she
would not have turned down by request for more money.�

�I am certain that I can persuade
her that her rebellious young stepdaughter deserves the same treatment.�

(If you have been paying attention,
you may wonder just how turning Madison�s rival into a slave girl will get
revenge on Madison.� The Amazons, as we
have seen, are very devious and cunning.)

Having discovered who that
particular slave girl had been, the various whipmistresses had to take
advantage of her.� Instead of punishing
her, they had her reward them for their discovery using her tongue.� They removed her from the table, and set her
on the floor.� On her knees, she placed
her tongue between the labia of each woman and made her come.� When they were done with her, they left her
draped across the back of a chair with her hands cuffed behind her back.� Anyone coming along could spank her or use
her or do anything else with her that they wanted.� The owner of the tavern certainly did not
care. 

Since she was a slave girl, she
certainly deserved nothing better.

Caroline did not admit it to her
friends, but had all the details of her plan worked out.� She had enlisted the aid of a couple of
Amazons who spied on Laura.� Her antics
at night would have shocked polite society had they known about it.� Caroline was certain that only Madison heard
about it.� She had married Blaine because
of the enhanced social status.� She did
not want her plotting to be frustrated by the actions of a wicked stepdaughter.

Caroline made certain the evil
stepmother heard of the escapades of the morning after.� Each sordid detail was recounted in graphic
detail, perhaps with an little enhancement to make the story better..� One tale that she
could not confirm was that Laura had gone to a party sponsored by the Bondage
Society, a party in which she had been tied up naked, and forced to satisfy
every man or woman who wanted her.

Caroline suppressed a smile when
she saw the distant look in Madison�s face.�
�The wicked stepmother is fantasizing about having the wicked
stepdaughter helpless and in her clutches.��
The Amazon had planted the seed of an idea and knew it would bear fruit.

As she suspected, Blaine�s young
wife saw the wicked stepdaughter as a rival.�
She wanted to be the center of attention.� She wanted everyone to stare at her, 

The results were simple.� Laura had to go.� 

�Do you have a plan?�

Caroline smiled.� Of course she had plan, she had several
plans, most of which Laura would not like.�
She planned to make certain that the wicked stepdaughter was in no
position to do anything about it at first.�
The way to insure her silence was to make her an accomplice.� When she discovered the ultimate plot, it
would be too late for her.

�Have you heard the story about the
town constable who almost arrested Laura the other night?�

�I never heard that!� What happened?�

�She and her friends got drunk and
were wading in the fountain?� The
constable wanted to arrest them, but I managed to get him stopped.� A simple bribe.� No, it was not a simple bribe; it was a
rather substantial one.�

Yes, she got Madison involved to
show her what was going on.� She could
have bribed the constable herself; the rate of bribery of government officials
was remarkably low.� She had to convince
the official to wait for more.

��Of course.� It was embarrassing.� 

The evil stepmother pouted.� She was proud of her new social standing and
did not the evil stepdaughter embarrassing her.

�Well, I think that her punishment
should be severe.�� Madison looked up in
interest.� �Tell her that she is going to
work off her punishment here in the house.�
She will wear the collar and the attire of a slave girl until she had
learned her lesson.� Let her do some
domestic work.� Servicing others will
teach her a good lesson.

�Once she is wearing a collar and
then, there is little else that she can do to resist.�

Caroline smiled.� She did not have to elaborate for her
employer�s wife.� They all knew what she
meant.� She had no doubts that Madison
herself had been working on such a plan.�
Of course, if she got rid of the evil stepdaughter, she would need some
explanation for the Blaine�s whipmistress.

�I trust then you have some plan
for her otherwise?�

�Yes.� She needs a little training out in
public.� Of course, no one but us will
know that.� When she has been totally
humiliated by the experience, she will be pliable.� We will let her know that we intend on free
her when she has learned her lesson and not one second before.� But when we let her go will be our decision
and not hers.�

Beth smiled.� The beautiful brunette knew what Caroline
meant.� They had no intention of letting
her go.� Once they had a collar on the
beautiful brunette, it would remain.

�So what do we tell her
father?� He will wonder what happened to her?�

�Tell her that she decided to go on
a vacation with some of her friends.�
Don�t her friends have houses out in the country?� It will be several months before he began to
suspect that something is wrong.� By then
we will have let her go.�

Both knew that Caroline�s plan did
not include letting the brunette go.

�I think I like this plan a lot.�

Okay, Madison liked the plan a
lot.� Laura did not. Unfortunately for
her, her father was out of town for an extended period of time.� She had no protector.� She was at the mercy of her evil stepmother,
and as we know evil stepmothers have no mercy at all.

�I won�t do it.�

She pouted and stomped her
foot.� When she was a
little girl that always allowed her to get her way.� Though she might have been able to intimidate
Madison with her resistance, she certain could not the family
whipmistress.� Sensing that Madison was
waiving a bit, Caroline moved closer with her arms folded across her ample
chest.� Her proximity gave the evil
stepmother the courage she needed to continue.

�I think you will.� I have already made arrangements to cancel
all of your credit cards.� Your money in
the bank is frozen so will have nothing.�
I think you will find it very embarrassing to be with your friends with
no money.� You will have to borrow from
them.� Behind your back, they all will be
laughing at you.�

The beautiful brunette
frowned.� She did not like this at all,
but she not like being embarrassed in front of her friends.� There had been another way out but she could
not think of one.

As with most people in town, she
had only bare knowledge of the city�s laws.�
She knew though that it was illegal to turn a free woman into slave girl
within the city�s walls.� As long as she
remained within the city walls, they could not keep her as a slave girl without
getting into trouble themselves.� The
penalty for a woman turning another beautiful woman into a slave girl was for
the slaver to become slave herself.� She
was not certain what would happen to the woman who had been enslaved.� She rationalized that it was only fair that
they be released.

(The fine for a man turning a woman
into a slave girl was two pfennings.� It
may have been an injustice, but no one really complained.)

What the beautiful woman did not
realize though, was that there were ways around the laws.� Madison knew that a few simple bribes to the
correct city officials could get them the papers to show that any young woman
had been brought into the city as a slave girl.�
Once a woman wore the collar of a slave girl and her owner had the
proper papers, no one would suspect anything.

While Laura was unaware of the ways
around the law, she knew that as long as they kept her in this house they could
get away with anything they wanted.� But
what they could do?� Okay, it might be
with a little embarrassing going around wearing a slave girl�s outfit.� It would be uncomfortable having her hands
bound.� And it would be a bitch not to be
able to talk.

At least that was what her mind
rationalized.

�How long will this last?�

�I don�t know.�

Madison did all the talking, after all, she was the young woman�s
stepmother.� Caroline had worked out the
details of the plan.� Madison looked at
the whipmistress for an answer to that question.

�I think two weeks will do it.�

�But in two weeks there is the
reception!� I have to be a there!�

�You will be.� You will be one of the serving wenches.� You will take the coats of your friends when
they come and you will serve them drinks.�

�Then everybody will see me!�

Caroline answered.� �You will be dressed as a slave.� No one ever notices a slave girl.� All they might notice your legs and they might
comment on your big titties, but I am certain that no one will notice your face
unless you do something stupid to bring attention to yourself.� You have to learn how to control yourself.� You will be very docile and very polite to
everyone.� You will do exactly what you
are told to do.� When it is over, we will
decide what to do with you.� If you are a
good little girl, we will let you go.�

As an experienced slaver, Caroline
was used to telling lies without revealing her real motive.� Madison was able to do the same because she
was an evil bitch.� The woman did not
smile at all when Caroline told this outrageous life.

Laura was the only one who believed
this story.� Of course, they did not
intend to let her go, but she did not know that.� She would learn the truth only when it was
too late. 

The beautiful woman�s lower lip
stuck out.� She was not happy but she did
not know what she could do.� At least she
would only be in her own house.

�Okay.� I will do it.�

�Come with me,� Caroline said,
wiggling a finger at the young brunette.

�Now?�� Laura�s big brown eyes opened wide in
fright.� She thought she had some time to
try to talk her evil stepmother out of this.

�Of course, now.� Once we have a leash on you, we won�t have to
worry about you embarrassing your stepmother any more.�

Laura pouted as she stole a quick
glance at Madison.� Like she really cared
if that bitch was embarrassed.

�Come.� Now!�

Laura followed the whipmistress
from the room.� She did not know what
they had in store for her.� She thought
perhaps they would just dress her up as a French Maid for a while so the two of
them could laugh at her.� Perhaps they
would add some ropes so she was her wicked stepmother�s prisoner.

Madison had her plans for
Laura.� Caroline had her own plans.� She did not tell them to her employer, but
she was certain the young woman would not object, at least no until it was too
late.

They followed a hallway toward the
back of the house.� Perhaps fifty meters
from the back of the house, Caroline halted.�
Hanging from a peg on a chain leash.� The whipmistress removed it and turned toward
young woman.

�Put your chin in the air.�

Laura not like
this, as she knew that this was just the first step in a long ordeal. She could
take some solace in the knowledge that her wicked stepmother was not there to
see it.

She let the woman slide the chains
about her slender neck.� Caroline then
locked the end of the chain to a link.�
She now had a means of controlling Laura.

�You know I am not going to run
away.�

�I want you to get the feeling that
you no longer have to be ability to resist.�

The beautiful woman�s lower lip
stuck out further she did not object.�
She did not like this all.

And things were about to get worse.

Caroline led her down to the lower
level of the house where her father had several dozen slave girls.� He owned numerous slave girls who were
dressed as French Maids to keep the house clean.� He also had several whom he kept because they
had less luscious bodies and were willing to use them to keep from being
punished. He owned several teams of pony girls who could be used to draw
carriage around for formal functions.� Being pulled around by pony girls always made Laura feel regal.

She hoped Caroline�s plans did not
include hitching her to a sulky.

As they neared the end of one
corridor, Laura began to dread what would lie beyond it.� She slowed up, forcing the Amazon to pull on
the leash.� She took one tentative step
forward as she turned her head to the right and left.

No one was there.� No one had seen her being lead about as a
slave girl.

Caroline led her into one of the
training rooms.� Laura looked around as
she stepped inside.� She had never been
in this part of the house before.�
Whenever she wanted a slave girl, they always brought one to her.� Once in a while she would feel like spanking
someone.� She would have them bring a
slave girl or two to her and she would spank their bottoms in the privacy of
her own bedroom.� When she was finished with
them, she tethered them to rings outside the door.� They would disappear as mysteriously as they
had arrived.

She knew nothing about this lower
level of the house.

�Take off all your clothes and put
them in basket over there.�

�Do you know how much this dress cost!� I am not going
to take it off and put it in a basket.� I
need time to get undressed.� And I need
several hangers.� I need all this I even
think about getting undressed!�

Laura did not see the whipmistress
palm the ballgag.� She moved closer to
the young woman and while Laura babbled on, she raised the rubber ball to ram
it into her mouth.

�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�

Laura resisted as best she could,
but of course, the mistress had much experience in doing this type of thing so
the young woman was doomed..� As she forced the young woman�s head toward
her body, she pushed her body down.�
Laura fell to her knees.� She
tried to scratch the mistress but failed miserably.� Once she had Laura down on her knees,
Caroline slid her left leg over the woman�s body to hold her down.� Quickly she slid the working end of the strap
through the buckle on the other end.� One
tug drew the strap through so she could push the pin through a hole. 

The beautiful brunette was now
incapable of crying out for help.� That
was important as she could count on the help of the family guards as long as
she did not wear a collar.� Caroline now
planned to make that happen.

The whipmistress pulled a pair of
the handcuffs from her belt.� She always
carried around a pair just in case there was a slave girl who needed some
punishment. She slid one half on the brunette�s left wrist and pulled that arm
toward the right.� Laura continued to
struggle once she knew what the woman intended to do to her but it was too
late.� Less than a minute after Caroline
had produced the ballgag, she had the young woman bound and gagged.

�Now I am going to tell you what I
am going to do you.�

She produced her disrobing knife,
holding up in front of woman�s face.� The
captive turned her head to the left, but a firm grip on her hair forced her to
stare straight ahead at it.� Laura�s big
brown eyes grew larger when she saw that blade.�
It was hooked with the point so a slaver could slip it under a garment
without cutting the flesh out the woman.�
The blade was extremely sharp no one would spend unnecessary time
cutting the clothing from the body.

Laura knew what the knife was for.

�You are going to stand up and let
me cut that expensive dress off your body.�
You will understand that you are a slave girl.� You will do what I tell you to do.� You will do what your stepmother tells you to
do.� You will do exactly what any person
not wearing a collar tells you to do.�
You are only a slave girl.� Your
only thought is what you can do to bring pleasure to others.� Now stand up.�

Laura discovered that getting up
and down with her hands locked behind her back was not a simple thing to
do.� She started to rise but lost her
balance and fell over to the floor.�
Caroline made no effort to help.�
She knew that as a slave girl the brunette would have to learn how to
move up and down on her own.� Falling
over was part of the training process. She would learn to be a good little
slave girl.

The woman stepped back as the
beautiful brunette came for her feet.�
Her eyes were downcast and her head was bent forward as Caroline raised
the disrobing knife.� Carefully the
Amazon caught the tip of it in the neckline then slowly drew it down.� The sharp edge easily cut through the
material.� This was the job that it was
designed for.� When Caroline reached the
waist of the dress, she pulled the knife out to.� Reaching up she grabbed Laura�s bra so that
she could slip the tip of the blade under the narrow strap between the cups.

�Now turn around so I can get at
the back.�

The brunette shuffled her feet
about so she faced away from the whipmistress.�
Caroline raised the knife to the neckline of the dress at the right
shoulder and drew it down the sleeves to the end.� Grabbing the beautiful woman by the left the
upper arm she pulled her around by a little further so she could do the same to
the last sleeve.�
At this point, the dress had fallen away to her waist, exposing her
deliciously large titties.� The tattered
bra still hung on her body, but a couple swipes to the shoulder straps took
care of that.

�Turn around so you face me.�

The beautiful brunette was to numb
from the sudden turn of events to do anything other than obey the
whipmistress�s order.� She slowly
shuffled her feet around so she faced forward again.� The Amazon grabbed a handful of cloth to
guide the tip of the knife into the dress where it had snagged on the woman�s
hips.� One slice was sufficient to cause
it to fall away.� 

Laura stood there in only white
cotton panties.

�Turn away from me.�

The beautiful brunette slowly
shuffled her feet until her body face in the desired direction.

�Spread you legs apart a little.�

Laura cast of frightened look back
at the woman before obeying.� Caroline
had not specified how far apart she wanted them so she moved each foot outwards
only two or three centimeters.

�Now bend over.�

Laura�s bottom pressed against the
material of the panties as she assumed the desired position.� Caroline inserted the index finger of her
left hand in the waistband to pull the material away from her body.� The knife could cut the panties without
hurting the flesh so that was not her reason for using her left hand.� She wanted the material taut so she could
control the direction of the knife as it cut.�
She sliced down to the right leg hole, then the left.� The cotton garment fluttered to the floor.

�Now I want you to look up at
me.� Straighten up without taking your
eyes off me.� Now slowly to her around so
I can inspect your body.� Remember, you
are nothing more than a slave girl.� You
are a piece of meat.� I intend to treat
you as I would any other slave girl.� Now
start moving.�

There was a look of defiance in the
young woman�s eyes when she raised her head.�
Caroline waited until she had turned around to face away from her before
she smiled.� She did not want Laura�s
subjugation to go smoothly.� She wanted
the young captive to resist as much as possible.� She would have much more fun breaking
her.� The evil stepdaughter had not
realized that resistance was futile.� The
more she resisted, the more Caroline would have reason to punish her until the
luscious captive finally decided that submission was the only route open to
her.

She made a complete circuit and
came to a halt.� Caroline raise her right hand to make a little circular motion to
indicate that she should continued turning.�
Slowly Laura turned around and around and around.� She continued doing this until Caroline had
seen enough.

�Now I want you to assume the
position.� Do you know what that is?�

The brunette looked at her, her not
really understanding what the order was.

�Come around so you face away from
the door.� I want you to spread your legs
apart so they are as wide as your shoulders.�
Now bend forward until your shoulders are at the same level with your
hips.� I want your
back parallel to the floor.� Good.� Now tilt your head back so you look straight
ahead.�

As soon as the beautiful brunette
assumed this position, Caroline moved behind her, inspecting her from all
sides.� Laura was quite beautiful, in
that spoiled little rich girl sort of way.�
She would make an exquisite slave girl.�
Turning her into one would be fun.

�Now I want you to maintain that
position until I get back.� I am going to
leave the door open so anyone can see in.�
If you are in any other position when I come back, you will be punished.� You do not have to worry about anyone else
recognizing you.� From any angle, they will
think you are only another slave girl.�

Without another word to the
captive, she left.














Chapter 90

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  118
  2007-07-14T20:13:00Z
  2007-07-14T20:13:00Z
  10
  4717
  26889
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  224
  63
  31543
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 90

&nbsp;

It took Laura only a few seconds to
realize that in this position, anyone looking through the open door could see
her pussy.� She wanted desperately to
draw her legs together, but that would do no good.� She needed to use of her hands, one to cover
her crotch and the other to cover her titties.�
She was helplessly bound.� She
would have to do whatever the mistress demanded of her.

Caroline returned with a couple of
items.� Without a word to the captive,
she approached her from the side holding a leather slave collar.� The brunette reacted when she felt the
leather strap against her soft flesh.�
She did not have to see it to know what it was.� Caroline halted any resistance by grabbing
her by the back of the neck and squeezing tightly.� Laura felt the pressure and knew she was not
physically capable of resisting.�
Caroline wrapped the black leather slave collar about the woman�s neck.� The built-in lock insured it would not come
off.

�Now I want you to straighten up
and turn to face me.�

When Laura had done that, Caroline
attached the end of a leash to the ring on the collar.

�I have made arrangements for you
to get dressed for your job.� I am
certain that you will find these garments much more comfortable then the gown I
just cut off you.�

Laura blushed when Caroline
laughed.� When the whipmistress turned
toward the door, tugging on the leash, she had no choice but to follow.� When she reached the door however, she came
to a stop.� She did not want to go out in
public stark naked.

�You forget.� You are nothing more than a slave girl.� No one will pay any attention to you.�� 

Just to make certain that the
captive did what she wanted, Caroline ran several sections of the leash around
her fingers to give herself a better grip when she pulled.� The evil stepdaughter tried to resist but
found herself being dragged forward by the neck.� She realized Caroline could force her to do
anything she wanted even without the threat of spanking her.

Laura stepped forward one tiny
step, no more than a quarter of a meter.�
Caroline continued to pull on the leash, but not with the strength she
had before.� The beautiful brunette took
a second step and a third.

Caroline made no effort to force
her to move faster.� She knew that with
each step, her captive was agreeing to her bondage and servile status.

The brunette�s face pointed to the
floor when a guard approached.� The man
moved past her without recognizing her (though he did give her a friendly pat
on the bare ass).

�See.� If you do not draw attention to yourself, no
one will recognize one.� You have passed
one hurtle.� Let�s see if you can walk
faster.� The sooner we arrive at our destination,
the sooner you will be out of public sight and into some clothes.�

Those words convinced Laura to
follow Caroline�s� orders.� Down the hall
she trotted behind her mistress.� She was
glad that they did not have to go far.�
Caroline led her into a dressing room just short of the main room in the
slave quarters.� A pair of naked slave
girls waited on their knees, their hands bound behind their backs.� Laura noted immediately that they knelt in a
typical slave girl position with their knees spread.� They were slave girls.� They were offering their bodies to whoever
wanted them.� 

She resolved that she would never
do that, forgetting for the moment that she now wore the collar of a slave
girl.

�This is where you get
dressed.� I have two little slave girls
here to help.�

Caroline removed the handcuffs but
ordered Laura to move to the center of the room as she worked.� The beautiful woman moved into the center of
the room with her arms above her head.�
Once she was certain Laura was following her orders, Caroline moved to a
windlass on a wall.� She pulled a pin
that released the drum.� Turning the
crank, she caused a chain to drop from the ceiling.� The chain ended in a ring.� Attached to it was a pair of short chains
that were in turned attached to the ends of a wood rod about a meter and a half
long.� Dangling down three centimeters
from the ends were two short chains that connected the bar to a pair of leather
cuffs.� She buckled one cuff about each
wrist so that in less than a minute she had the beautiful woman helpless again.

�Now spread those legs apart like
you did before.�

Laura moved her feet apart a few
centimeters at a time, staring down at the floor as she did.� Caroline attached a leather cuff to each
ankle.� The cuff was attached to a ring
in the floor by a short chain.

Laura was now helplessly bound
spreadeagle.� She could do nothing to
protect herself.

In the other words, she was bound
like every other slave girl in the house.

�This little bitch is a new slave
girl.� She is not trained yet.� She still thinks she does not want to be a
slave girl.�

The Amazon addressed this soliloquy
to the kneeling slave girls.� Since they
had accepted their fates, they saw themselves as being superior to this
helpless woman before them.

Caroline pulled one to her feet so
she could drag her over behind Laura.�
She thrust her to her knees again.�
Pointing to the brunette�s ass, she said, �When I give you the signal.�

Laura had no idea what was going on
behind her.

The Amazon moved around in front of
the naked captive.

�I think I need a statement of
obsequiousness from you.�

The unspoken question in the
brunette�s big brown eyes told her the wicked stepdaughter had no idea what she
meant.

�A statement of submission,� she
added for clarification.

She crossed the room to a small
cabinet.� Since this was a dressing room
and not a training/discipline room, there were few bondage items there (except
the usual handcuffs, ballgags and leashes). She had to open three drawers in
the cabinet before she found what she wanted.

As she strode back to the helpless
captive, she could not help but notice the fear in her eyes.� That was something she could easily correct.

Not the fear in her eyes.

Noticing it.� She slipped a black leather blindfold over
Laura�s eyes.

She then reached behind her head to
get at the buckle.� She had placed
ballgags in the mouths of willing and unwilling slave girls so often that she
did not have to see to know what to do.�
When she had the strap undone, she grabbed the strap near the ball.� Exerting a little pressure, she caused it to
pop from the woman�s mouth.� She thrust
it into her belt.� She would need it
again.

�Now tell me you love me.�

Under the leather blindfold,
Laura�s eyes grew big.� She wanted to
cry.

�No-o-o!�

Caroline extended her left arm so
the kneeling slave girl could see her hand.�
A wave told her to start.

The kneeling captive pressed her
face against Laura�s bottom and eager attacked her asshole with her tongue.

�Mmmmmffffftttt!�

Laura opened her mouth to protest,
but Caroline silenced her by planting her mouth on the captive�s.� Both hands held her head so she could not
move it away.

�Mmmmmffffftttt!�

She continued to kiss her luscious
captive until she was certain she would not going to blurt out something best
unsaid.

�What do you want to say?�

�I love you,� she sobbed.� Good, but not quite right.

�I love you who?�

�I love you, Mistress.�

As she said that, Laura thrashed
about her in bondage.� She had never been
excited like this before.

�Now stick your tongue out.� Now show me how much you love me.�

Caroline had fantasized about
kissing Laura ever since she had met her.�
The young captive responded with a long, passionate kiss that was much
more than she had ever given a boy.

When Caroline grew tired of this
fun (and not before), she pulled her mouth away.� At the same time, her left hand slid the
blindfold off the captive�s head.� While
Laura blinked a few times to get used to the light, she pulled the ballgag from
her belt.�� 

�Pucker up.�� The beautiful captive saw the ballgag before
her face and knew what was about to happen.�
She pressed her lips together in a desirable pout.� �Now kiss the ball.�� Having no desire to make it easy on her
captive, she held the ball down so Laura had to bend her head forward to reach
it.� After she had planted a respectable
kiss on the surface, she raised her head.�
�Now stick your tongue out to make the ball wet.� Just use the tip of your tongue.�� That little game lasted only twenty or thirty
seconds.� �Now kiss it again.� Now open you mouth wide.�

Caroline let her hands slid along
the strap until she reached the point of one end, and the buckle on the
other.� With almost as much ease as she
had used to unbuckle the gag, she refastened it.

With Laura incapable of offering
resistance, Caroline freed the two slave girls so they could dress the young
woman.� There was nothing for Laura to do
but stand there.� Perhaps the young woman
could have dressed herself, but Caroline wanted to make certain that it was
done correctly and she was not about to do it herself.� That was the role of a slave girl.� These two existed only to bring pleasure to
others.

While they rubbed their wrists to
get the circulation flowing, Caroline crossed to a wardrobe to get an outfit
for the brunette.� The upper part of the
outfit was a half bra that lifted her titties and pushed them together without
covering the nipples.� The garment
provided no support so the movement of the wearer�s body as she walked would
cause the supple mounds to wobble back and forth.� As with all the slave garments, it was
designed so someone could put on the wearer while she was bound.� It took the two slave girls only a minute to
dress Laura with the upper garment.

The next garment was a white satin
garter belt.� The edges of the front were
lined with white lace ruffles.� It was
all quite demure while being wildly erotic.�
While one slave girl fastened the garter belt on the brunette�s hips,
the second knelt with one of the sheer white stockings.� She freed Laura�s ankles from the leather
cuffs so she could pull the stocking up her leg.� When she had pulled it up to the captive�s
ankle, the other slave girl knelt beside her sister slave.� The two had the stockings up to Laura�s upper
thighs about the same time.

Once they had them up, they dropped
their hands back down to Laura�s ankles.�
Holding their hands tightly against the woman�s lower shins.� They drew their hands upwards toward the
knee.� When they reached it, they dropped
their hands back to mid-calf to begin again.�
This time they continued up to the upper thigh.� At the top them moved down to the knee
again.� Once they were certain that there
were no wrinkles in the stockings, they attached the tops of the stockings in
front to the tabs at the end of the straps.�
The two shifted to the sides to fasten the straps at her hips.� They shifted back and forth between the two
sets of straps, adjusting them until they held the stockings taut.

The next item was a pair of white
patent leather sandals.� These had the
usual fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels.�
They put them on the woman�s feet, one strap across the foot and another
around the ankle so Laura could not kick them off.� Once all the straps were buckled, a woman
would need both hands to remove the sandals, and as Laura could be assured that
her hands would be bound in some manner, the shoes would remain on.

They adjusted the woman�s legs so
they could reattach the leather cuffs.�
This step was necessary because next they were about to free her hands.

They pulled the white satin,
shoulder length gloves up her arms.� They
used the same care in putting on the gloves that they had the stockings.� They were quite snug, but they needed to
be.� It was not as though the beautiful
slave girl was going to use her arms much.�
They were there to make her look beautiful.� The tight material also took away her sense
of touch while making it difficult to move her fingers.� She would find she had next to no dexterity
with the gloves on.

Caroline already had a rope ready
when they finished.

�Put your hands together behind
your back, palm-to-palm.�

As soon as the beautiful brunette
did that, Caroline began looping the rope about Laura�s wrists.� After half a dozen loops, she changed
directions so the ends passed between the captive�s forearms and hands.� These loops cinched those first six loops.� After she made three cinching loops, she tied
a solid knot.� The captive could not
escape.

But Caroline was not done.� As she had tied the captive�s hands together,
she had a second rope slung over her left shoulder.� She looped it around the woman�s upper arms
at the elbow.� Laura was fit and her body
flexible but not flexible enough for the Amazon to draw her elbows
together.� No, without help, she could
get her elbows only within a couple centimeters of each other.� She pulled on the ends of the rope, slowly
drawing the brunette�s elbows together before tying a knot.� Caroline knew there was no way the captive
could move her arms much to either side or away from her body.� There was no way she could not get free.

Caroline left Laura standing there
helplessly while she rebound the two slave girls.� Once she had them cuffed, she led them from
the room.� They would be needed in other
places in the house.� She left them
tethered to rings on the wall in the central room of the slave kennel.� When it was time to dress other slave girls
or to strip a slave down, they would be available.� Perhaps the mistress of the house would need
help in getting dressed or changing her clothes.� These two domestic slaves would be available
to provide assistance.� Their tasks were
minimal, but they were experts at them.

Caroline returned to the room where
she left Laura.� In her absence the
beautiful brunette had struggled with her bondage without being able to gain a
bit of freedom.� Caroline stood before
her with her hands on hips, smiling at the captive. Laura responded as any new
slave girl would � she blushed.� 

The brunette�s titties were so
inviting, but Caroline knew she could avail herself of them yet.

She held up the end of a leash for
the captive to see.

�The first thing you have to do is
learn how to move around as a slave girl.�
Now hold that little chin up so I can attach this leash to your collar.�

Laura wanted to keep her chin down
but she knew she would only be punished if she did that.� She felt the leash attached to the ring on
her collar.

Caroline squatted to remove the
cuffs from Laura�s ankles.� Now that she
could now move around, she was ready to begin her training.

�Now I want you to get down on your
knees.�

Laura glared at her.� She tried to think of some way of resisting
or disobeying the order but knew that nothing would work to her advantage.� She was certain Caroline was just looking for
the reason to spank her.� She had seen
the mistress in action before.

Carefully, she lowered her left
ankle to the floor, then brought her right down to join it.� She looked up at Caroline to see if she was
going to make some sarcastic remark.�
Instead, she saw the whipmistress smile at her.� She did not realize that she was taking the
next tentative steps toward becoming a slave girl.

�That was quite good.� Now I want you to come to your feet again.�

As she said that, Caroline gave the
traditional order for a slave girl to rise � she simply tugged up on the leash.

Laura glared.� She had been in that position before. After
having her kneel, the woman wanted her to get up again.� She wished the woman would make up her
mind.� She raised her right knee in the
air and slowly pushed up.� This time she
did not fall over as she had before.

�That was good.�

She tugged down on the leash,
signaling her captive to kneel again. 

Laura realized this was part of her
training.� The woman was teaching her how
to behave as a slave girl.�
Up-and-down.� Up and down.� Slowly it dawned on her that if she acted as
a good will slave girl, no one would realize who she was.

�You have been such a good little
slave girl.� I think it is time for you
to allow your adoring public to see you.�
Come along.� Remember, if you
resist, everyone will be looking at you.�

Laura knew that what Caroline said
was true.� No one ever paid attention to
the face of a slave girl.� Why should
they?� The important part of a slave girl
was her body.� She was dressed as a slave
girl and everyone would be looking at her titties and her pubic hair.� No one would pay attention to her face.

It could be a trilling experience -
to walk among all these people who knew you and not to be recognized.

When Caroline walked toward the
door, she followed.� Well, she did not
follow willingly, but neither did she exhibit the same degree of resistance as
she had before.� She followed where she
was led.� From the door they turned left to
walk down a corridor.� The beautiful
brunette�s eyes were downcast so she saw little of her surroundings.� She had never been in this part of the house
before so she had no idea where she was.�
She did not want to know where she was, and she was afraid she would run
into someone who would recognize her.

She felt her whole body turning red
as she realized there were men in the room where Caroline led her.� None gave her any more than a glance.� She was, after all, just another beautiful
slave girl.� While she had some solace in
the knowledge that no one recognized her, she worried that she would not be
able to keep up the masquerade. She tottered forward on those high heels,
trying to keep from falling over.�
Trained slave girls moved with grace and ease. �If she tripped, everyone would look at her
because of her clumsiness.� There was
great risk that someone might recognize her if they looked closely.

It was too late to resist when she
first realized Caroline intended to take her outside.� At the back to the house there was the slave
girls� entrance.� Slave girls were never
allowed in the front door.� They had her
own entrance in back, as was befitting their inferior status.� She continued to follow the woman through the
door since that action was the one that was least likely to draw attention to
her.

She still had her head bowed,
staring at the ground before her.� She
cast a rapid glance to her right and left.�
In the alley behind the house there was no one.� She was glad to see that.� Perhaps she could be outside no one without
anyone paying her any attention.

Caroline turned down the alley to
the left, leading the naked captive behind her.�
Laura continued to walk, her head bowed, her eyes staring at the feet of
her mistress before her.� She could not
wait until she would be back inside.�
Unfortunately for her, that would not be for a while.

At the end of the alley, they
turned left on the street.� Laura�s head
continued to bob up and about as she glanced to her left and slightly behind
her.� There were people here, perhaps
people she would recognize.� There was no
one about who would recognize her because she was dressed as a slave girl.

No one paid any attention to
her.� She realized at that point what it
was to be a slave girl, to be totally anonymous.� She stared at Caroline�s back as she tried to
act as she imagined that the slave girl would.�
She still had trouble moving about in those high heels as she could take
only very small steps, but she thought that she would blend in as long as she
kept moving.� 

At the next corner they turned
left.� Laura glanced to her left.� This was her house.� The mistress was leading her past it.� She wanted to enter the front door as she had
thousands of times before, but she knew she was a slave girl.� If she tried to enter, she would be to the
center of attention.� 

At the end of the house, they
turned left.� Down the street they
went.� There were more people walking
about here and several wagons rolled past in both directions.� Laura tried not to look to see if people were
staring at her body.� She imagined they
were, after all, she knew she was very sexy.�
She wanted to know if people were looking at her and again, she did not.� She caught only a brief glimpse of
people.� She was afraid to look too hard
for fear she would draw attention to herself. 

At the corner they turned left
again to head toward the alley.� A few
steps beyond and they were back at the entrance to the slave quarters.

Putting the beautiful brunette in a
slave collar was only the first step in Caroline�s plan of revenge.� Physically, the beautiful brunette had
disappeared, but Caroline knew that she had to remove all trace of her to
insure that no one would suspect what was going on.� That would take time and planning.� 

With the next step, she needed the
use of a slave girl.� And what slave girl
would be better than Laura herself?

The whipmistress left the brunette
in the house where she would easily be found.�
After standing tethered in the main room of the kennel for fifteen or
twenty minutes, a guard led her into another dressing where another slave girl
dressed her in a French Maid�s outfit.�
The first item was a black lace half bra that lifted the large mounds
without covering them.� A lacey black
satin garter belt hung on her hips.� It
held up the sheer black stockings.

With the meager undergarments on,
it was time to put the minidress on.� The
hem of the short flared satin skirt barely covered her crotch in front. In back
it was much shorter so that her bottom would be visible whenever she moved. �Whenever she bent over it, her bottom would be
totally visible to anyone standing behind her.�
As it was, Caroline had another idea that would much worse for the
brunette then being totally naked.

The top of the dress followed the
line of the half bra so that her nipples were always visible to anyone standing
before her.� The dress was quite tight
through the stomach and chest so the slave girl had to lace it up the back to
get it to fit correctly.

During the entire operation,
Caroline stood outside the open door to watch, a smile plastered on his face,
her arms folded across her chest as she watched the young woman being dressed
for service.� 

She doubted Laura had ever done any
work in her life.� 

She was about to do it for the
first time today.

When the slave girl finished
dressing the buxom brunette, Caroline attached the handcuffs to her
wrists.� With a leash attached to her
collar, she led her from the room.� She
left her tethered to the same ring as before.

Laura had no idea what was going
on. Since she was being treated as a slave girl, Caroline had no reason to tell
her.� 

Caroline had to leave the house to
get what she wanted.� She returned
fifteen minutes later.� The store was a
few blocks away.� Caroline has seen the
item while browsing in the store a few days earlier.

Caroline took Laura�s leash to take
her back into the dressing room but found it was occupied.� She led her to a secondary one.� She had a room, but she did not have a slave
girl to finish dressing her captive.

Oh well, she would do it herself.

����������� To dress a
slave girl, they usually bound her spreadeagle.�
All she had to do was place panties on her, so that position was not
necessary.� She led her to a chain
hanging down from the ceiling.� Attaching
the end to a ring on the side of the collar, she led her toward the center of
the room until the chain became taut.�
She left the brunette alone as she crossed the room to take hold of
another chain.� She pulled it over to the
captive where she attached the end of that chain to a ring on the other side of
Laura�s collar.

��If you are wondering what everyone will say
about your disappearance, we intend to tell every one you are visiting a friend
in the country.� That should defuse any
questions anyone has.�

Yes, Caroline had a backup plan
should anything go wrong.

�We are going to go up to your
room, and you are going to pack all of your belongings into trunks.� Everything.�
You will not leave a trace of yourself in that room when you are done.� Everyone will think you left town.� No one will look for you.�

That brought a disappointed look to
the brunette�s eyes.� The rubber ball
filling her mouth largely obstructed her mouth but Caroline was sure she would
stick out her lower lip if she had the chance.

The smile on Caroline�s face made
up for it.

�I don�t suppose you enjoy going
around without panties, do you?�

The captive shook her head.� Caroline�s grin grew broader.

�Do you think you would like to
wear a pair of black satin panties?�

The brunette captive nodded.� Anything was better than going around with
her bottom cheeks sticking out in back and her pubic hair inadequately covered.

Or at least she thought.

�I think there are few things more
beautiful than a French Maid going about here work with her bare bottom
flashing the world.� But since this is
your first time as a French Maid, I will be generous to you.� I ran out and bought a pair of panties for
you.�

Caroline pulled the panties from
the bag.� They were all bunched together
in her hand so the captive could not get a good look at them.� Enough material protruded from her fist at
the index finger and at the little finger for Laura to see she held black
satin.� Keeping a tight grip on the item,
she moved around behind the captive.�
Laura tried to look over her right shoulder but her long dark hair was
in the way so she could not see what her mistress did.

Caroline came up behind the
captive.

�Raise your left foot in the air so
I can get them over your foot�

Laura wanted the panties so
desperately that so she was quick to obey.�
She felt the material over her ankle and up to lower thigh.

�Now put that foot down and move
the other in air.�

As soon as she had done that,
Caroline slipped the item over that other foot and pulled.� She pulled the panties up under the short
skirt.� Since she could not see, she had
to use her hands to insure they were on correctly.

Slowly she moved around in front of
the captive.

�Having those panties on makes you
feel better, don�t they?�

The beautiful captive nodded.

�Oh I forgot.� I guess you should see what they looked
like.�

Caroline circled around behind the
captive to get the second pair out of the bag. She returned holding them off in
front of Laura so she could see what they were like.� In front they were sheer nylon so Laura knew
her pubic hair would be visible through them.�
The brunette captive started to flush at the thought of that.� At least the hem in front covered that part
of the panties.

Caroline the swung the panties
about so the brunette could see that back.�
The center had a hole about three centimeters in diameter.� About the edge were short and dainty, white
lace ruffles.� On each side in white
satin letters were the words:� �Fuck Me.�

The captive brunette�s eyes grew
wide in horror.� She knew that that hole
was positioned in the panties so it would be immediately over her asshole.� Every time she bent over her, she would flash
an invitation for someone to take her in the ass.

�So you can see what will happen
every time you bend over.� You do know
the correct way for a French maid to work, don�t you?� You will bend over, keeping your knees
straight so that everyone can see your nice lovely panties.�

She moved up beside captive,
cupping her chin with her left hand so the lovely captive had no choice but her
look her in the face.

�I am certain that these panties
will encourage you to work very fast.�

Still smiling, she reattached the
leash to Laura�s collar.� Keeping a tight
grip on it with her right hand, she released the chains with her left.

�Time to go to work.�

Laura thought the whipmistress
would take her up the front stairs since that was the shortest route to reach
her room, but she had forgotten that there was stairs in the back of the house
for the slave girls to use.� The steps
were smaller, designed for a woman wearing incredibly high heels. She followed
Caroline up the steps to the third floor where her room was. 

Stacked in columns in the center of
the room were six shipping crates.�
Caroline removed the leash she had been using, but immediately replaced
it with a much longer tether chain. �She
dragged the other end to the ring on the bedpost where she locked it.� She moved around behind the slave girl to get
at the strap holding the ballgag in her mouth.�
She did not intend to remove the gag, as Laura had no use for her mouth
in this job.� She did, however, need use
of her hands.� To insure the luscious
brunette could not remove the gag, she applied a small padlock to the buckle.

Laura could not call out for
help.� The chain tether would keep her in
the room (and away from the door).

Caroline removed the handcuffs.

�I am going to give you ten minutes
to take everything out of all the closets and wardrobes and dressers.� I want them all stuffed into these
crates.� When I come back to get you and
you are not finished, I will take you downstairs in that outfit and tethered
you outside the front door.�

Lauren knew what that meant.� There were always people coming to visit the
Blaines.� There were always people moving
up and down the street.� Men would see
her in those panties with that proclamation across her bottom.� Someone would be sure to take advantage of
her.

Caroline left, but kept the door
open so Laura would not know if she might suddenly appear.� The brunette captive rushed to the closet to
get the first dress.� She glanced at the
clock on the wall to get an idea of just how long she had under the
whipmistress returned.� She carefully
placed the first dress in the crate.�
Returning to the closet she got the second out and carefully repeated
the packing process.� The third and
fourth followed.� A glance at the clock
pulled her she was running out of time.�
She would not be finished when Carline returned if she worked at this
pace.� She grabbed an armful of outfits
and returned to the crate at a trot.� She
finished with the closet with three minutes left.� There were two wardrobes in her room.� She emptied each of them with two trips
each.� She was running out of time when
she finished them.� She dragged a crate
in front of the dresser and began throwing her clothes in.

She heard Caroline behind her as
she dumped the last of the clothes in the final crate.

�Up against the bedpost while I
inspect the job you did.�

Lauren knew what that meant.� She moved to the nearest bedpost.� When she felt it pressed against her back,
she put her hands behind it.� The
whipmistress moved to her left so she could slide the handcuffs on her wrists.

Caroline made her way from one
storage device to another.� There were
not clothes in anything.� Everything was
gone.� Laura�s entire life was now
contained in those six large crates.

�Well, I guess you did that
job.� Now we have to see that these are
taking care of.�

She produced shipping label along
with a pen.

�Kneel,� she ordered as she removed
the buxom brunette�s handcuffs.� Laura
fell to her knees beside the nearest crate.�


�Take the pen and fill out the
shipping label.� Address each one to
�Eleanor Ipswitch, General Delivery,�
Martindale.� 

Laura the looked up with a puzzled
look on her face.� Martinsville was a
very large town but it was many kilometers away.� General Delivery meant that just about anyone
could claim the items.� No one would come
looking for them either.� She knew then
that what Caroline had said was true.�
She was about to disappear.� If
she did not obey the orders of Caroline and Madison, they could arrange for her
to disappear forever.

She filled out the shipping label
said as ordered.� She attached one to the
lid of each crate.� She placed a lid on
each crate and screwed in the eight screws that held the lid to the sides of
the crate.

Laura followed the whipmistress
downstairs, knowing that she no longer existed as a person.� She was now only a slave girl.� 

&nbsp;














Chapter 91

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  37
  2007-07-17T18:47:00Z
  2007-07-17T18:47:00Z
  13
  5789
  32998
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  274
  77
  38710
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 91

&nbsp;

����������� By this
time Melissa had become quite an accomplished ponygirl, bouncing around town in
that awkward manner as she pulled a sulky.�
Whatever fears she might have had about someone recognizing her, had
disappeared.� Occasionally she saw people
crossing ahead of her she recognized, but not one paid her any attention at
all.� She was not even given the
attention of a slave girl, as she was nothing more than a beast of burden.

����������� Yes, there
was a hierarchy among slave girls.� At
the top were those whose sole function was to use their bodies to please
others.� They knew they were beautiful
and sexy and enjoyed the attention masters and mistresses gave them.

����������� Next in the
hierarchy below them were the working slave girls.� These included the French Maids, the shop
girls and others who did the labors no free person wanted to do.� They usually were dressed in provocative
attire to make them look alluring.� They
knew they could use their bodies to please others if they performed their
menial tasks well.

����������� The bottom
ranking was that of the newly collared slave girls.� They were in training that usually meant
being bound so tightly that they do nothing to bring pleasure to others.

����������� Between the
working slave girls and the trainees were the ponygirls.� They were bound similar to the newly collared
slave girls, though they were more mobile.�
They performed menial tasks as did the working slave girls, but did so
without the opportunity to please others.

����������� Yep, being
a ponygirl was low on hierarchy.� That
was why it was such a delicious punishment technique.� That French Maid is not cleaning well, or she
does not provide her pussy with enough enthusiasm?� Turn her into a ponygirl.� Let her wander about town as a beast of
burden for a while.� When you put her
back into that little black satin minidress, she will be so thankful, she will
be the best little slave girl around.

����������� Of course,
many ponygirls were former free women who had fallen into the clutches of a
rival.� If that blonde flirted too much
with your boyfriend, you simply turn her into a ponygirl where her looks or the
size of her bosom mean nothing.� You
could take the long rides in the country at her expense.

����������� Hey.� She deserved this fate, didn�t she?

����������� Back to
Melissa.

����������� The manner
in which she had been taught to trot as a ponygirl was awkward, yes, but it was
a delight to watch.� Every time she
hopped from one foot to another her large tits swung from one side to another
(as did her ponytails, the one at the back of her head and the one protruding
from her asshole).

����������� Who would
ever think she was not a legitimate slave girl?

����������� After a
week, Melissa found herself teamed up with a second ponygirl.� A short time later two more were added.� The actual ponygirls changed day-to-day
though she was unaware of it.� She sensed
bodies about her, but their attire and her bondage kept her from recognizing
them.

����������� Melissa was
beautiful.� Melissa was sexy.� When she was a free woman, she was rich.

����������� As had been
shown, she was not the sharpest tool in the shed.

����������� From a
beautiful, sexy free woman, she had been turned into a more beautiful, sexier
slave girl.

����������� The variety
of other slave girls gradually diminished.�
It took Erin some time, but eventually she came up with four slave girls
that fit her purpose.� Melissa could be
mistaken for anyone of them. The other four ponygirls, superficially at least,
looked similar to her.� Each had the same
shade of blonde hair as Melissa, and each had titties about the size of hers.

����������� Once she
had acquired four, five counting Melissa, the beautiful brunette mistress had
to train them to act as a team of ponygirls.�
It took time, but eventually, they moved together in unison.� Left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot.

����������� Tits and
ponytails swinging in rhythm become a common sight around town.

����������� Sometimes
the trainers would insert Melissa in the four.�
Her place was always in the second row so she was she was partially
hidden from sight by those ponygirls before here.� The blonde had become nothing more than just
another pony girl trotting around town.

����������� Finally
Erin came to see for herself how Melissa�s training progressed.� She sent word ahead they she wanted the
blonde included in the team of four.� She
wanted to take her out for a test drive.

����������� When the
beautiful brunette arrived, they had the team of four ponygirls already hitched
to the sulky.� She recognized the general
shade of hair and knew this was her team.

����������� Identifying
Melissa as one of the four was more of a challenge.� After all, all naked slave girls looked
pretty much the same.� Wearing a collar
gave a woman a degree of anonymity.� All
people saw was the body of a slave girl.�
No one ever recognized a slave girl�s face.� Pony girls were the same.

����������� Erin made
her way around the left to right, then back to the left before deciding that
the pony girl on the left was her former friend.

����������� �I hope
they are treating you well, Melissa.�
I�ve got big plans for you.�� She
fondled the blonde�s big titties with both hands, making the naked captive
squirm in pleasure.� As a ponygirl, they
had deprived her of sexual stimulation of a slave girl.� She was, after all, only a beast of burden to
them.� �I have big plans for you, plans
that are almost as big as these.�

����������� She giggled
as she walked toward the office.

����������� �Do you
have my order?�

����������� �Sure, it
will take a few days��

����������� �I want it
by Friday.� Can�t you people follow
simple instructions?�

����������� Erin was a
bitch.� If anyone ever deserved a collar�

����������� �This is a
special order��

����������� �I don�t
give a slave girl�s ass about this being a special order.� Just get it ready by Friday.�

����������� Yes, Erin
was a very difficult customer.

����������� With that
she stomped her foot.� Spinning about,
she stormed from the office toward her coach and four.

����������� Friday was
the day she planned to make Melissa�s enslavement official.� That was what she had been working at,
turning her into a pony girl.� Melissa,
as a ponygirl, was a key part of her plan to make the young blonde officially a
slave girl.

����������� �It was only the beginning of the week, but
still she wanted to play with her new toy. 

����������� �Giddy up!�

����������� With
Melissa in the second row on the right, Erin had no trouble using a whip on her
fanny.� The pace of the other three
governed just how fast Melissa could go, but still she tried to go faster to
avoid more blows on her bottom.� It did
not matter what she did.� Erin wanted to
inflict pain on the beautiful blonde.�
She was a mistress; she could do whatever she wanted.

����������� Erin
directed them across town, using only the reins to guide them.� One leather strip ran to each side of each
ponygirl�s bit.� She held one side of all
four in her right hand, the other side in her left.� When she wanted them to turn to the right,
she pulled on that side of the reins and the bits pulled their heads in that
direction.� When she wanted them to turn
to the left, she pulled on the other side of the reins and the bits pulled
their heads in that direction.

����������� When they
reached the far side of the town, she turned them about.� They used side streets so they would not have
to stop as they moved from one side of the town to the other.� Skirting the town square, she moved toward
the gates to the city without coming so close as to be able to see them.� This was a test run for Friday.

����������� When they
arrived at the stable where they had started, she heard all four ponygirls
panting for breath.

����������� �I think
you need a better conditioning program.�
They seem to be out of breath.�

����������� On
Wednesday, the special cuirasses arrived.�
Erin was notified but did not come.

����������� Melissa was
not informed what was going on.� After
all, she was merely a slave girl.� 

����������� The
training regime had increased to make the blonde ponygirls able to take the
type of punishment Erin dished out to them.�
Not that there was anything wrong with their firm, young bodies.� The owners of the stable did it as a matter
of professional pride.� They did not want
word to get out that any of their customers was dissatisfied with their work.

They removed the blonde ponygirls
one at a time from the training program.�
When Melissa�s turn came, they pulled her into a small office to the
side of the main area in the stable.�
They released her hands so they could fasten them overhead to chains
dangling down from the ceiling.

����������� Not that
the beautiful blonde captive would have resisted anyway, but it always was good
to keep the slave girl helpless at all times.�
The relentless training of the slave girl had taught her that
disobedience resulted in punishment.�
Still, keeping a slave girl bound allowed her to maintain her perspective
of just how helpless she was.

����������� The cuirass
was somewhat elaborate. �The first part
slipped around her chest just below the titties.� Two straps held it in place behind her back
by a pair of large buckles.� A broad
strap rose between those supple mounds toward her throat.� Just above the tits, it split into two
sections that passed over her shoulder on either side of her neck.� These attached to the straps in back.� 

����������� The purpose
of the cuirass was to outline the titties, surrounding them with black leather
that emphasized them.

����������� The bottom
half of the cuirass was a modified corset.�
One mistress dressing her grabbed the beautiful blonde by the hips to
turn her around.� She then laced that
part up the back.� When she finished, she
crossed the room to get a small steel rod.�
Inserting it in the laces allowed her to pull the cuirass tighter about
the slave girl�s waist.� Melissa already
had a slender waist.� The black leather
device made it even smaller.� With her
waist smaller, her tits and hips appeared larger.

����������� Sure, it
was uncomfortable to wear this item, but since Melissa was only a slave girl,
no one really cared.� The device made her
appear much more sensual, and as anyone knows, that is more important than
comfort.

����������� The blonde
took her place outside with the others.�
They secured her to a hitching post, locking the reins to a ring.� Where could she go dressed as a ponygirl that
people could not immediately return her to her legal owner?� (That is, ignoring the fact that the buxom
blonde was not legally a slave in town.)�
Still, the idea was to remind the ponygirl that she was nothing more
than a slave girl.� Her fate had been
decided.� The only question remaining was
what did her mistress intend to do to her next.

����������� Melissa
could do nothing but stare at the ends of her reins tied to the hitching post.
She could not look away without moving her body.� Such an action she was sure would cause her
to be punished.

����������� She did not
have long to wait before they hitched her to a sulky.� She stood hitched, second in line on the
right.� The other three ponygirls were
blondes with big boobs too so Melissa did not draw special attention when
someone took the sulky out for a ride.�
Back and forth across the town they traveled, the four ponygirls
learning to move in unison.� Soon Melissa
disappeared into that anonymity that was a slave girl. �Not only did every think of that luscious
blonde body as nothing more than a slave girl, she came to think of herself as
one.

����������� Erin was an
extremely successful businesswoman.�
Turning beautiful women in slave girls was merely a hobby.� To help her maintain her business affairs,
she had three assistants, June Jackson, Betsy Beason and Nina Watkins.� Not surprisingly, all were beautiful and
sexy.� Even less surprisingly, she had a regular
turnover in assistants.� On occasion, the
previous assistants all failed to show up for work and she had to replace them.

����������� Erin liked
to play �games� and her three assistants knew that.� That was one of the perquisites for being
hired.� All were reluctant at first, but
with a little encouraging, they threw caution to the wind.� Erin found those who were interested being
bound, and developed that interest.

����������� �All right,
ladies, I have three envelopes here.�
There are three different tasks to do today.� Who will be the lucky winner?�

����������� Each
selected an envelope.� There was a pause,
as each young woman wanted the others to open her envelop first.� The winner, or the loser, turned out to be
June.� While the other two busied
themselves around the office, June reluctantly entered Erin�s private office to
get dressed.

����������� �I think
the pea green today.�

����������� June was of
average height with auburn hair.� Erin,
it seemed, always picked the green outfit when it was June�s turn to be
�lucky.�� She said not a word, but
immediately went to the closet to get dressed.

����������� She emerged
a few minutes later wearing the green slave girl�s outfit Erin had prescribed
for her.� The one-piece halter dress
barely covered her bottom.� The only
other garment she wore was black satin panties.�
June was the newest employee of the three.�� (Erin knew to start the girls off slowly,
gradually removing items of clothing until they thought anything more than a
garter belt and stockings to be unnecessary.)

����������� This was
June�s third experience as the �victim.��
Sure, she had planned the game before, but she had not realized that the
deck was stacked in her favor before.�
The other two always lost when they drew previously.� They let the beautiful brunette see how
easily they endured the bondage and punishment.�
Now it was her turn.� Erin had
first arranged for her to be bound, and then slightly humiliated.� No it was time to take the next step toward
turning June into a slave girl.

����������� �Curtsey
for me.�

����������� June pulled
the edges of the short skirt up a centimeter or two before bending her knees to
execute a clumsy curtsey.

����������� �That
wasn�t bad, at least not for the first time.�
Now I want you to let your hair down.�

����������� The young
woman pulled the pins from her hair. A free woman wore her hair pinned up as a
sign that she was a free woman.� A slave
girl had no choice in the matter.� She
wore her hair down as a sign to everything what her status was.

����������� �Now put
this on.� Make certain you buckle it
under your hair.�

����������� June�s blue
eyes grew a little larger as she stared at the ballgag her boss had tossed to
her.� The rubber ball was bright
red.� The extra wide leather strap was
black and shiny.� She stared at it for a
few seconds before responding.� She
opened her mouth partway as she wondered how she was going to get something
that large between her teeth.� She had
never worn a gag before.

����������� �Stop!�

����������� June looked
at her without moving her head as she wondered what new torment her boss had in
store for her.

����������� �First kiss
it. Then tell me how you love ballgags.�
And sound like you mean it.� Then
you open your mouth as wide as you can to get it past your teeth.� Push it with your fingertips.� You�ll know it when it is in all the
way.� Pull the ends of the strap together
behind you head.� Then you buckle the
ends of the strap together.� When you are
done, then you can let down your hair.�
And stare into my eyes the whole time you do this.�

����������� The
beautiful woman felt her cheeks begin to turn red as she raised the rubber ball
to her lips to give it a kiss.� She
stared at her boss, expecting her to make some comment.� Erin, however, remained silent.

����������� She held
the ball up so she could see it better.�
Her gaze moved from the ball to Erin as she moved the sphere closer to
her mouth, lowering her head at the same time.�
She hoped the kiss would have enough passion to satisfy her boss.

����������� �I just
love ballgags.�

����������� The next step
was to kiss the rubber ball.� June knew
it would not satisfy Erin if she gave the gag a comic kiss.� The woman wanted her to give the ball a
romantic kiss.� The beautiful brunette
decided that was what she was going to do.�
Closing her eyes, she moved the ball slowly toward her mouth as she
puckered her lips.� The surface of the
ball made light contact. 

����������� The kiss
was slow and romantic, just as Erin wanted.

����������� True, it
was just a ballgag, but by making June profess love to it, she was degrading
herself just a little.� Each step was
just another nudge toward servitude.

����������� When June
opened her eyes, Erin nodded.

����������� Now it came
time to insert the rubber ball in her mouth.�
She held the ball with her fingertips as she pushed it toward her
mouth.� Her lips parted wide, her jaws
spread to accept the gag.� The rubber
ball moved in easily.� With it resting
behind her teeth, she now worried about the broad, black leather strap that dug
into the corners of her mouth where it emerged from the edges of the ball.� Her fingers slid across the curved surface of
the ball to the strap.� Once they made
contact, she took hold of it, her thumb on the bottom edge and three fingers on
top.� Slowly she slid her hand along the
strap as she drew the ends behind her head. She fumbled with the ends as she
tried to push the working end through the buckle on the other end.

����������� As
practice, June had worn a ballgag in the office as they played their
games.� The difference was that she was
not bound and wore her street clothes.�
She had worn a gag before, but she did not have much experience buckling
the ends together behind her head where she could not see what she was doing.

����������� When Erin
stepped forward, June rotated about.� She
released her grip on the strap when she felt the woman take it.

����������� �Tell me
the gag is too tight.�

����������� �Mmmmffffhhhhmmmmtttttt.�

����������� �Let me
tighten it one more notch.�

����������� The
beautiful woman felt the pressed of the leather strap on her cheeks and the
nape of her neck.� The circle of leather
about her head was small.� As a result,
the strap pulled the rubber ball deeper into her mouth.

����������� �Now tell
me you enjoy it being this tight.�

����������� �Mmmmffffffmmmmm.�

����������� Erin
permitted herself a little smile.� The
gag was so tight that her captive could make no sound that could be heard
outside the room. �She knew that and so
did June.� The beautiful young woman was
now largely at her mercy.

����������� �Time for
the jewelry.�

����������� The
beautiful brunette mistress held up the handcuffs.� June hesitated in taking them from her boss.

����������� �I know how
much you enjoy these on other women.�
I�ve seen that look on your face when you tighten them to make them
helpless.� Now it�s your turn to wear
them.�

����������� June was
the newest of her assistants so her progress into submission lagged behind the
others.� First, she lorded over them as
though she was a mistress herself.� That
was the natural reaction.� A woman
dressed as a slave girl, with bonds and a gag, should be treated as a slave
girl.� 

June�s descent into bondage had
been gradual.� The ballgag was
first.� The next step was to have the
young woman remove her clothing.� That
came only when she did not hesitate when it came to a gag.� Once she was down to panties and a bra, Erin
began reconstructing her, as she wanted her.�
The sandals with the 15-centimeters heels were next, followed within a
few days with the lingerie of a slave girl.�
That was not the last item she took away, item by item, until the
beautiful woman felt accustomed to working in the office wearing nothing more
than the high heels, stockings, garter belt and ballgag.

����������� June
snapped the steel cuff about her left wrist.�
She then put both hands behind her back to lock her hands in
position.� The other two had been helping
her practice.� She put the cuffs on
herself.� They removed them so she could
try again.� This time they were not
around to free her.

����������� She was
helpless.

����������� �Now,
curtsey, before going over to that corner and standing in it until I need you.�

����������� Erin paid
her assistants well.� That
rationalization worked for June.� Her
boss was paying her good money merely to stand there in the corner.� Sure, she was dressed in a rather humiliating
outfit, and she was bound and gagged.�
But she really didn�t have to do anything she had friends who worked their
butts off and had nothing to show for it.�
Of course, none was as attractive as she was.� She knew June paid her extra because she was
beautiful and because she could use a slave girl�s outfit to the best
advantage.

����������� Erin had
been playing this game with her assistants for years.� She knew to give a new girl an hour to get
acclimated to her bondage before moving on to the next step.� From her desk she could keep an eye on the
beautiful captive.� June did what they
all did the first time � she played with her bondage, not really believing she
was helpless.� She twisted her hands back
and forth but could not get free.� The
cuffs were steel so they would not break, and the band of metal about her
wrists was too small to pass a hand through.�
She was helpless, just as June had plan.

����������� That next
step consisted of the captive serving as office messenger.� No, she did not have to go into public, she
merely had to move another the office, delivering mail and messages.� When she delivered or took something, she had
to curtsey.� Sure, it was embarrassing,
but she had seen the others doing it.�
The day before Betsy had made a dozen trips to her desk, executing a
cute little curtsey each time.� It could
not be that bad if the others did it.�
She could suffer through the humiliation.

����������� Strangely,
no one said anything to her.� True it was
only Betsy and Nina, but they ignored her.�
She had certainly smiled, giggled and ogled them when they brought her a
message from their boss.� Maybe she was
just immature.

����������� It was
lunch and time for the next step in her training.� While delivering items, June had her arms
free.� At lunch her boss locked them
behind her back.� She deposited the key
on her desk where she could find it easily.

����������� �Kneel in
front of my chair.�

����������� Anticipation
often was the worse part.� The beautiful
captive knelt, watching as he boss removed her slacks and panties.� 

����������� �Crawl
forward and put your head about here.�

����������� When the
beautiful brunette had her head midway between Erin�s knees and crotch, the
mistress brought her thighs together, pinning the young woman�s head in place.

����������� Immediately
in front of June, just ten or fifteen centimeters away, was her boss�s pubic
hair.� Just below it, she could see the
woman�s pussy.� She had not been privy to
what took place during lunch.

����������� �Would you
like to have multiple orgasms and not be able to stop it?�

����������� That took a
few seconds to register.� What she was
saying was that Erin was going to make her come while she was still bound and
helpless.� That was an intriguing idea.

����������� Her nod was
barely noticeable.

����������� �You are
going to have to work for it.� Crawl
forward and make me come with your nose.�

����������� Erin moved
her legs apart and shifted her position on the chair so she had her left leg
draped over that arm.

����������� June slowly
moved forward.� She was not anxious to
arrive at the destination, no knowing what she had to do.� It took her a minute, but she arrived.� Her nose moved up and down the labia.

����������� �Oh, that
feels good.� Do it a little more and it
will be time for your pleasure.�

����������� If the
brunette thought someone was going to lick her pussy, she was mistaken.

����������� �Would you
like to feel this kind of thrill?�

����������� June
nodded.� What girl wouldn�t?

����������� �Get up and
drape yourself across my lap.�

����������� Erin used
this position to get at the brunette�s pussy.�
Bound as she was and in this awkward position, June could not nothing to
resist as her boss slipped her hand between her legs.� Two fingers found her pussy and began a most
sensual probe.

����������� �Mmmmmmmmmm.�

����������� June�s body
jerked spasmodically as she had her first orgasm. Erin had this part of her
plan well thought out.� One orgasm would
get a woman interested.� Two would make
her want more.� Three or more would
likely tire her out and June being tired was one thing she did not want.

����������� �Do you
want more?�

����������� The
beautiful, auburn-haired beauty nodded with exaggerated enthusiasm.� Erin knew how to pick assistants.

����������� She pushed
the captive off her lap, being careful not to hurt her.� She wanted June to associate bondage only
with pleasure, no with paid.� The
beautiful woman knelt with her head about even with the brunette�s knees.

����������� �Turn
around.� Let me get at your handcuffs.�

����������� The
brunette crawled around on the floor to present her back to her boss.� Erin leaned forward to grab her by one
shoulder and pull back.� June realized
she had to crawl backwards in order for Erin to get at her handcuffs.� Of course, someone as important as the
beautiful brunette could not raise her butt off the chair to get at her
manacled hands.� She had to crawl
backwards to be within reach.

����������� When the
woman finished with the cuffs, she reached under the beautiful captive long,
light brown hair to get at the strap holding the ballgag in her mouth.

����������� �Now turn
around again so you face me.�

����������� June
crawled in a little half-circle so she faced Erin again.� When woman leaned forward this time to grab
the strap where it emerged from the ball on each side.� Twisting the top of the strap forward caused
the ball to roll, she pulled I from her mouth.

����������� �Crawl
close to me.�

����������� June could
not take her eyes off Erin�s pussy.�
Without the gag as an impediment, there was nothing to stop her from using
her mouth on the woman�s pussy if Erin wanted her to. 

����������� Of course,
she wanted her to.� That was the whole
purpose of this, but her plan was much more insidious than that.

����������� �Lick my
pussy until I come.�

����������� June put
both hands on the floor as she leaned forward.�
Her tongue found the woman�s clit.�
Already aroused by the woman�s nose in her pussy, it did not take her
long to come.

����������� �That was
good.� Now as a reward, make yourself
come.�

����������� June looked
up at her with a puzzled look on her face.

����������� �Put your
hands down between your legs and play with yourself until you come.�

����������� The captive
pulled up the short skirt to get at the top of the panties.

����������� �No, take
the panties off but leave the skirt on. You don�t have to see what you are
doing.� You should be able to do it by
feel.�

����������� Erin was
correct about this.� June certainly did
not have to see to know what to do as she played wit her pussy.� It took her longer to come than her tongue
had taken Erin, but the pleasure came from the long journey before reaching a
climax.

����������� �Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!�

����������� �Wasn�t
that enjoyable?�

����������� �Yes, it
was.�

����������� �Now stand
facing the door.� Lock you fingers
together behind your head and wait.�

����������� Erin left
the room in a hurry.� She returned a few
seconds later with Betsy and Nina.� She
had to give no instructions to the two.�
They had seen this done before.�
They had had it done to themselves when they were starting out.� Each stood facing the young woman with her
hands folded across her chest.

����������� �Remove the
skirt.� You can drop it on the floor. �Good.�
Now show Betsy and Nina how much you enjoy coming.

����������� June�s eyes
opened wide in horror as she realized her boss had just ordered her to
masturbate in front of these two until she came.

����������� �Come on,
June, show us what you have in you.�

����������� �Come on
and show us what you got.�

����������� June
discovered it did not matter what those two thought.� What mattered was that she was rapidly
nearing another orgasm.� She used both
hands to manipulate both labia at once.�
Half a minute after starting, her breath began to come in short
gasps.� In a minute, her chest was
heaving as she clenched her teeth together.

����������� �Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!�

����������� The orgasm
was even better than the first one.

����������� �Okay you
two, back to work, unless you would like to put on another show for them?�

����������� From the
smirks on their faces, June knew they expected her to masturbate herself into
another orgasm.� She had an audience, why
pass up the opportunity.

The orgasm came a little faster
than the first two.� She was hooked.

�You have been real good June.� I think you deserve a reward.� Don�t you girls think she deserves a reward?�

�Oh, yes.�

They knew what Erin intended to
do.� Before moving forward, they waited
while she pulled a pair of handcuffs from a desk drawer.� She held them up for June to see as she
advanced toward her.� Without being told,
the beautiful woman put her hands together behind her back.� Erin soon had her helpless.

����������� She
nodded toward her two assistants as she backed away.� The two jumped forward, one hand moving
toward the captive�s crotch, the other toward the upper arm on her side.� With a firm grip on her arm, June could not
resist as they reached for her pussy.�
The two stood facing outwards.�
This enabled them to slide a leg between the young woman�s legs to keep
her from pulling her legs together.� 

They did not stop with one
orgasm.� They continued playing with her
as she came again and again.� There was
little she could do to stop this assault, not that she wanted to.� The orgasms were so wonderful she did not
want them to stop. 

�You two, get back to work!�

Erin�s plan was so insidious.� She gradually manipulated the young woman
into wanting another orgasm.� With a
hands manacled behind her back, the option was not hers.� She would have to do what Erin wanted.

The beautiful brunette went back to
the chair.� She motioned the captive
toward her with a wave of her hand.��
When June reached her, she started to kneel, but the woman grabbed her
by the hips to spin her about.� Once the
young captive faced away from her, she removed the handcuffs.� Hands on June�s hips spun her about so they
faced.

�Now I want you to start licking me
again.� As you do that, I want you to
play with yourself.� This time you are
not allowed to make a sound.� Instead of
just opening your mouth and moaning, I want you to plant your mouth tightly on
my pussy.� Stick your tongue as far in as
you can.� I want you to use my pussy as a
gag so you cannot make a sound.�

����������� June was
hesitant at first to play with herself.�
Playing with the others, she certainly had gotten use to eating
pussy.� And she certainly played with
herself a lot.� She had never combined
the two together before.� She recognized
what Erin was doing to her.� She would
feel the tactile pleasure masturbating could bring.� She would learn to associate eating pussy
with the pleasure of having an orgasm.

����������� She thought
about it for a scant second or two before falling to her knees.� Her hands went between her legs as her lips
pressed against her boss�s pussy.

����������� Every time
her fingers ran past her pussy lips, she felt a good thrill.� She soon discovered the easiest way of
organizing things was to lick up at the same time she ran her fingertips down
her pussy.

����������� Her
training was progressing admirably.

����������� Erin
grinned when June suddenly lunged forward to plant her whole mouth on the
woman�s pussy.� She placed both hands on
the back of the woman�s head to hold it firmly in place.� The movement of June�s elbows told her that
the little office assistant was flailing away at her own pussy with her
fingers.� June came first.� The moan was almost too quiet to hear, but it
was enough to make the brunette jealous.

����������� Erin
grinned more broadly as June lapped away at her pussy in a frenzy.� The little captive did not realize it yet,
but Erin was training her to be a pussy eater.�
Given enough time, she could train June into wanting to eat pussy more
than anything else.

����������� She did not
have time though.� She had other plans.

����������� The half
hour Erin had allotted for June�s introduction into pussy eating passed too
quickly.

����������� �Stop.� Pull up your skirt so I can see your pussy.�

����������� The
submissive woman�s pussy was wet from her multiple orgasms.

����������� �Pick up
your panties.�

����������� She could
tell by the look on the woman�s face that she would be happy to put them back
on.� Things were about to get a lot worse
for June.

����������� �Now stick
them in your mouth.�

����������� The look of
horror on her face expressed June�s outrage.

����������� �Let me
rephrase that.� Put them in your mouth,
now!�

����������� As she did
that, Erin pulled a roll of duct tape from a drawer.� She quickly cut a piece to the desired
length.

����������� She stood
there with the tape dangling from her right hand as she waited for June to
stuff them in her mouth.� She gestured
with her left hand for the young woman to use her fingertips to stuff them the
rest of the way in.

����������� �Bend over
so I can get it on your mouth.�

����������� In seconds
she had the panties secured in the captive�s mouth.

����������� �Put these
back on.�

����������� She handed
her the handcuffs.

����������� �Get on the
other side of my desk facing the door.�
Put your feet about the same distance apart, as your shoulders are
wide.� Now bent over so I can admire that
little pussy of yours.�

����������� By doing
nothing more than simply looking up, Erin could see the woman�s pussy.� She still had to work.� When it came time to take a message to Nina,
she ordered the captive around her desk.

����������� Perhaps
June was so foolish as to think that her boss intended to free her so she could
take the message into the other room.�
Erin merely tucked in under the elastic waist of the panties.

����������� �Take it to
Nina.�

����������� She rushed
to the door, glad that her pussy was no longer on display.� The pattern was continuing though.� Things were about to get a lot worse for her.

����������� She moved
around behind the woman�s desk and gestured with her hips.

����������� �You aren�t
doing things right.� Go around in front
of my desk and face me.� Now
curtsey.� Now you wait until I tell you
to come here.�

����������� Nina
finished what she was working on.� This
was the beautiful woman�s first time playing the servant.� She had to learn to do things correctly.� The beautiful brunette moved around in front
of the desk where she executed a clumsy curtsey when she turned to face Nina.

����������� �Now come
over here.�

����������� Just to
play safe, June curtseyed again before moving, and then again when she reached
Nina�s side.

����������� �You�re
doing well.� There is no such thing as
too much respect.�

����������� Lifting the
front hem of the captive�s short dress, she saw the note tucked in the front of
the garter belt.� 

����������� When she
felt it slid out, June started to step back.�


����������� �No.� You don�t move until you are dismissed.� And you have to get your tip.�

����������� Nina
re-inserted her hand under the skirt to play with the captive�s pussy.� June�s eyes opened wide then closed.

����������� Nina
stopped without allowing June to come.�
She crafted her response, then stuck it back in the garter belt.

����������� �Now you
can go.�

����������� June
started to turn, then decided to curtsey.�
She took the message into Erin�s office.�
She had learned her lesson.� She
stopped in front of the desk where she curtseyed.�� She waited there until Erin was ready for
her.

����������� �Come over
here.�

����������� The process
was repeated.� Her boss took the note and
played with her.� She stopped long before
the beautiful brunette was ready to come.

����������� �Go back
and stand in the corner until I�m ready for you.�

����������� That was
how the rest of the day passed.� With her
hands securely locked behind her back, she could not play with her.� Others would play with her, but would not let
her come.

����������� Their day
did not end at quitting time.� There was
still the evening to play.

����������� Erin
removed the manacles.

����������� �Put your
traveling clothes on.�

����������� June turned
half a turn.� The gag still filled her
mouth so she could not express the question on her lips.��� 

����������� �You�ve
seen the others do it.� You now you can
too.� Besides, you know no one will
recognize you.� You can go out in public
in bondage while half naked.� And no one
will recognize you.�

����������� June
frowned a bit.� Well, she frowned as much
as she could with a rubber ball in her mouth.�


����������� Slowly she
stripped off the meager clothing she had on.�
She got a bag out that would contain all she needed to wear.

����������� She put on
the garter belt first.� It was white
satin with yellow satin ruffles.� She
used it to hold up the stockings.� They
largely were sheer, but they did have a yellow tint to them.� The high heels were yellow patent
leather.� The gloves were yellow satin.

����������� Erin
watched, the handcuffs dangling down.� As
soon as the brunette was dressed (so to speak), she held out the
handcuffs.� June turned with her hands
together behind her back.� In seconds she
was helpless again.

����������� Erin went
to the closet to get the remainder of the brunette�s outfit.� The bottom was something of a sheer nylon
bag.� She held it down so her captive
could put her feet through the pair of holes in the bottom.� June raised one leg in the air, then set it
down through the hole, wiggling her foot back and forth to fit the high heel
through the opening.

����������� The other
foot, the other opening.

����������� Erin
stepped around in front of her to continue.�
She bent slightly to grab the sheer garment with both hands.� She pulled it up to the brunette�s shoulders
before adjusting her grip again.� Her
left hand held it against the captive�s back while her right grabbed the
drawstring.� She pulled slowly, gradually
tightening the opening until it was snug about her neck.� She then tied it in a tight bow.

����������� The satin
hood was next.� Erin quickly pulled it
down over her captive�s head.� She knew
that once a woman wore it, resistance was impossible.� How could see resist when she had no idea
what was going on about her.

����������� The leash
and collar followed.� This collar was not
a slave collar, everyone knew that putting it on a free woman in town was
illegal, but it served much the same function.�
Unable to see, she needed guidance from the leash to get around.� The way the hood was made, no one could see
that it was not a normal slave collar.�
Anyone would see the leash disappearing into the sating material and
assume, naturally, that the woman at the other end was a slave girl.

����������� Erin pulled
gently on the leash.� June took one
tentative step forward.� She was still
new to the game Erin and the others played.�


����������� The woman
attached the end of the leash to a ring on the wall.

����������� �I have
June in her traveling clothes.� Why don�t
the two of you join her?�

����������� The two had
worn these outfits before.� They had
their own colors.� Betsy�s color was a light
green while Nina�s was pink.

����������� Erin waited
to see if they would dress before going down to get her carriage ready.� The pony girls were kept in harness in case
she wanted to go out for lunch or something.�
Still, the carriage with them was in back.� She had to have someone sent back to the
kennel to get it.

����������� Her two
employees did not need her to help.� Each
stripped down naked, carefully placing their clothing on their desks.� They would come back here to dress after they
had partied at Erin�s secret apartment.

����������� They pulled
the sheer nylon spheres up, using their legs to hold them up.� For gags they used simple ball gags.� They need no help placing the rubber balls in
their own mouths and tightening the straps behind their necks.� Each woman put one cuff on a wrist, Nina�s
left, Betsy�s right.� Next they donned
the satin hoods.� Once again, they had no
trouble pulling it tight and tying a bow.

����������� Next they
pulled the sheer nylon sphere up and pulled it up, securing it in place by
pulling on the ends of that drawstring through the nylon.

����������� All that
remained was to finish cuffing their hands behind her back.

����������� Erin found
them waiting before their desks.� She
made a few adjustments to secure the nylon sphere in place so it would not fall
down.

����������� She entered
her office to get June.� In seconds she
had all three on tether chains.

����������� She looked
back at them and smiled.

����������� This was
good practice.

����������� 

&nbsp;














Chapter 91

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  38
  2007-07-24T18:23:00Z
  2007-07-24T18:23:00Z
  8
  3568
  20343
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  169
  47
  23864
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 92

&nbsp;

����������� Erin ate
lunch at Shepherd�s, a nearby hostelry where all the Bright Young People came
for drinks after work.� She had soup and
a salad in the dining room before going to the bar for a whiskey and soda.� After a drink or two, she returned to the
office.� As a result, she did not see
Andrea busy at work.

����������� Yes, our
Andrea.� Yes, the blonde bombshell.� The slave girl with the mostest.

����������� But I
digress (again).

����������� So how did
Andrea come to be at this particular hotel?

����������� Poor Mortimer
T. Munchkin!� He used her lovely ass(et)
as collateral one time too many and lost her to an inside straight.� The winner, a traveling salesman, used her to
pay his hotel bill after staying an extra day in town.

����������� So while
Erin was having a drink at the bar, our favorite blonde slave girl was busy
cleaning up a room from the previous occupant.�
Andrea worked diligently as she knew she would be rewarded if she did a
good job.

����������� Her attire
was that which you would expect from a French Maid (except she did not wear
panties).� She tidied the room up before
retrieving a feather duster from a cabinet behind the door.� Using it, she made the room presentable for
the next occupant.

����������� Once she
was done, Andrea replaced the duster, but immediately drew out a chain leash, a
black satin blindfold and a pair of handcuffs.�
One half the cuffs immediately went on her left wrist.� As she moved toward the door, she attached
one end of the leash to the upper ring on her collar.� There was no lock, but there was no need for
one as she would not be able to reach it once she had the handcuffs in place.

����������� She opened
the door a few centimeters.� That would
tell the mistress that she was finished cleaning the room.� It also made her feel very vulnerable.� An open door did not provide even the
illusionary protection a closed door did.

����������� The tether
ring for the leash was a couple meters from the door.� Once she had herself tethered, she would be
unable to reach the door to close it.�
She did not want to close it though.�
She needed some sleep badly, but had high hopes that she would be chosen
to serve again that night.

����������� The work
was not difficult, though very demeaning.

����������� The
rewards, however, were substantial.

����������� After
tethering herself to the ring on the wall, she slipped the blindfold over her
eyes.� The elastic band caused the black
satin item to fit snugly to the contours of her face so there was no chance she
could see anything.� 

She did not have to see to be able
to cuff her hands behind her back.� With
the ring a couple meters above the floor, she could not reach it with her
cuffed hands.� She would remain there
tethered to the ring on the wall until someone came for her.

����������� That was
not too long.� She heard the door swing
open, followed by the footsteps of someone entering the room.� She felt the movement of the chain as someone
unhooked it from the ring on the wall.�
The jerk on the leash told her to follow.

����������� There had
to be some form of quality evaluation about cleaning the room.� 

����������� �Position.�

����������� With the
blindfold still on, she spread her legs apart and bent over.� The person holding the leash had led her to
an appropriate place in the room where there was room to administer punishment
(if it was warranted).� The beautiful
blonde would remain in this position until ordered out of it.

����������� A clerk
inspected the room she had just cleaned with a critical eye.� No infraction was too petty to go
unreported.� A serious infraction would
result in a swat or two.� When the entire
floor had been inspected, the report was sent down to the kennel.� For each infraction in her work, a slave girl
would receive a swat on the ass with a paddle in public.

����������� Andrea had
no idea when it would come, or how many she would receive.� She always received at least one, but never
many more than that.

����������� Crack!

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt!!�

����������� The
suddenness of the blow caused her to straighten partway up.� She immediately settled back into the
punishment position to receive her next swat, if one was merited.

����������� The clerk
bent over to get the end of the leash.� A
jerk upward caused the beautiful blonde to straighten up.� He led her to the slave girl elevator at the
end of the hall.� He set the device in
motion that would take the young beauty down to the lower level where the slave
kennel was.� He then moved on the check
other rooms.

����������� When Andrea
arrived, a guard took her to the punishment room where the other slave girls
waited.� She stood in a line of French
Maids, all blindfolded and awaiting further punishment.� A jerk down caused her to bend over,
presenting her ass for further punishment.

����������� Crack!

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt!!�

����������� The sudden
pain in her bottom caused the delicious blonde to straighten up.� She immediately returned to the punishment
position.

����������� The
whipmistress continued down the line, delivering one blow to each slave
girl.� Each had to receive one or she
might become too complacent about the quality of her work.� There was nothing in her employment contract
that required her to swat every butt every day.�
She did it because she wanted to.�
That was why she became a mistress.�
An offered fanny was a fanny just begging to be spanked.� That was why she became a whipmistress in the
first place.� She just enjoyed spanking
the bottoms of beautiful women.

����������� Crack!

����������� �Mmmmmffffftttt!!�

����������� Andrea had
done a good job.� Some of the slave girls
got five or six swats daily.� Andrea had
never had more than three, even though she had one of the most delectable
bottoms in that slave kennel.

����������� When the
punishment session was over, that is to say that the next batch of French
Maids, waited in a coffle in the hall for their time to be punished, Andrea was
taken to a cage in back where they bound her quite securely in a hogtie
position.� A pillow supported her
head.� She knew better than to even try
to struggle, but it did not matter.� In a
matter of seconds she was sound asleep.

����������� While the
luscious blonde dreamed of endless pussies and giant cocks, Erin finished her
drink.� Patting the bottom of a serving
wench on the way out, she left Shepherd�s without knowing such a delectable
slave girl was only a few meters away.

����������� They
allowed Andrea her six hours of sleep.�
When time was up, she was awakened, dressed as a French Maid again, and
put on exhibition.

����������� Everyone
checking into Shepherd�s had their choice of maids to service them.� The more beautiful and sexy the maids, the
happier the clientele were.� Therefore
they put a lot of stock into choosing who wore the uniform of a French Maid at
this establishment.� They were always on
the lookout for slave girls who more beautiful and sexy than the average.

����������� Andrea knew
what was expected of her so she took the steps necessary to help them.� Standing before her was a wooden box.� She raised her chin in the air so they would
have no trouble fitting a posture collar about that beautiful neck.� The slave girls preparing her under the close
supervision of a whipmistress pulled her long hair free so it flowed over her
shoulders.� 

����������� �Up.� The
whipmistress said.

����������� The blonde
slave girl responded by stepping on the box.�
Another slave girl removed her cuffs.

����������� �Hands
out.�

����������� She held
her arms out from her body so they could fasten leather cuffs about her
wrists.� These were at the end of long
chains that ran to pulleys in the ceiling.�
When each cuff was tightly strapped to a wrist, the slave girl stepped
back.� This was a signal for a third
slave girl to begin turning the windlass, shortening the chains and gradually
drawing the blonde slave girl�s arms into the air.

����������� The
blonde�s body stretched out as the chains pulled her weight up.� Finally the stiletto heels rose a millimeter
from the surface of the box.� As they
rose another millimeter and another after that, her weight shifted forward to
the toes of the high heels.

����������� Then she
was suspended in the air.

����������� The two
slave girls returned to their charge to fasten another set of leather cuffs
about her ankles.� As with the others,
these had chains attached, but their chains were not meant to be
shortened.� Instead, they ran to rings in
the floor.

����������� The slave
girl had continued shortening the chains, drawing Andrea�s body further into
the air.� Once the lower chains were in
place, the upward movement of her body caused her legs to spread apart.

����������� The slave
girl stopped only when the whipmistress signaled her to.� She had the blonde�s body tautly
spreadeagled.

����������� The
whipmistress slowly moved around Andrea to inspect her body.� When she stood before the helpless captive,
her fondled her pussy with her right hand.�
At her touch, Andrea became aroused.�
The whipmistress was an expert at tormenting slave girls so she knew
just how much to play with the blonde without allowing her to come.� She then continued on until she had completed
a full circuit.� She signaled the slave
girls that their job there was done.

����������� And what
was Andrea doing there?� She was on
display for the use of the hotel�s patrons.�
What better selling point was there than the ability to chose your own
French Maid?

����������� It was a
little early in the day for people to be checking into the hotel so there was
no one there to inspect Andrea (or the other 23 slave girls).� There was nothing for any of them to do than
stare at the wall before them.

����������� Eventually
people arrived.� After checking in, a
clerk would escort them to the display room.�
The first few people chose brunettes.�
After she had been hung out for almost an hour, a couple arrived in
search of their own private French Maid to make their stay at the hotel
memorable.

����������� �Look at
this blonde!�

����������� �Isn�t she
adorable!�

����������� The man and
woman slowly circled the helpless captive.�
With the posture collar on, Andrea could not get a good look at them.� They appeared very hungry for her body.� Just the thought of both of them using her
caused her to become aroused, something that was noted.

����������� �Look at
those nipples stick out.� I think she is
simply too precious.�

����������� �If her
mouth and pussy are as good as those titties, she will be something else.�

����������� The
arrangements were quickly made.� As they
headed for the front desk to get the key to their room, a pair of slave girls,
under the close supervision of a whipmistress, freed the beautiful captive.

����������� Andrea immediately
put her hands behind her back so a slave girl could attach handcuffs.� It was not that they thought she might
resist, or even more foolishly, try to escape; it was simply that Andrea was a
slave girl and had to be treated as one.�
Unless there was a compelling reason otherwise, they would keep her
bound and helpless.

����������� As the
slave girl fastened the handcuffs, the whipmistress attached one end of a chain
leash to the upper ring on the front of the blonde�s collar. A tug was all it
took to get Andrea to step down from the box and follow.

����������� Their
destination was the front desk.� The
couple had four bags.� That would mean
the blonde would have to make two trips to the elevator.� 

����������� The
whipmistress led Andrea to the bags.� The
blonde slave girl stopped when her mistress stopped.� As the woman approached, she turned about so
she could remove the handcuffs.� As she
whipmistress stuck them in her leather belt for further use, the blonde turned
toward her again.� The woman removed the
chain leash.

����������� As soon as
that was done, the clerk handed the beautiful slave girl two light chains.� Andrea bent to attach one to a ring on a bag
near the handle.� Leaning in the other
direction, she did the same to a second bag.�
Then, straightening up, she attached the free ends to the upper ring on
the front of her collar.

����������� Though it
was only symbolic, it showed everyone that Andrea was nothing more than a piece
of property, just as the luggage was.

����������� Before
moving, she curtseyed to the couple, then to the whipmistress.� As she hurried across the lobby to the
freight elevator, a slave girl wearing only high heels and a sheer white apron
opened the car door for her.� Andrea
stepped inside to place the bags on the floor of the car.� She knelt before removing the chains from the
bags and her collar.� She then bounded to
her feet, backed from the elevator car, and rushed back to where the remaining
bags awaited her.

����������� Once again,
she attached the chains first to the bags, then to her collar.� With a couple more curtseys, she raced to the
elevator car.

����������� The blonde
slave girl deposited the second pair of bags on the outside of the first
two.� After she removed the chains from
the bags and her collar, placing them neatly on the floor between her legs, she
placed both hands behind her back.� The
slave girl immediately cuffed them there (at the same time presenting a
stunning sight to everyone behind her as she bent over with legs spread).

����������� Once she
had the blonde French Maid, secured, the slave girl pulled the elevator door
shut, throwing a bolt that caused it to lock automatically.� This left the captive trapped within a little
cage that dangling from an overhead pulley.

����������� The slave
girl pulled a couple of levers, releasing weights and counterweights.� With a jolt, the car began to rise to the
chosen floor.� (That elevator car went
only to the third floor.� They certainly
did not want to tax the mental capacity of any slave girl by making her have to
think which lever to pull).

����������� A slave
girl awaited the car on the third floor.�
She did not move until the couple arrived in the elevator for free
people.� (Yes, there was a risk she would
act too soon if it was the wrong people, but the hotel management was willing
to take that chance.� The mistake would
be the slave girl�s.� She would be
punished for it.)

����������� As it was,
this was the correct couple.� The slave
girl unlocked the door to the elevator car.�
Stepping inside, she bent over to remove the handcuffs.

����������� A slap on
the ass told the blonde to move.� Andrea
reattached the chains between two bags and her collar.� Staggering to her feet, she backed out of the
elevator car.� The couple was already
unlocking the door to their room when she started down the hall.� Trotting in sandals with fifteen-centimeter
stiletto heels was not easy, but Andrea certainly had a lot of practice.� She reached the door shortly after they
entered.

����������� She
curtseyed to the two.� She knelt before
removing the chains between the luggage and her collar, and rose.� She curtseyed against before trotting from
the room.� In less than a minute she was
back with the remaining two bags.� She
curtseyed, knelt, removed the chains, rose, curtseyed and stepped toward a
wardrobe.� On the side there was a peg
and a ring.� Handcuffs and a chain leash
dangled down from the peg.� She put them
on her right wrist and attached one end of the leash to the upper ring on her
collar, emptying the peg so she could drape the chains over it.� She attached the other end of the leash to
the ring before completing the task of cuffing her hands behind her back.

����������� Andrea
understood that her job was that of service to the customer.� If she did not perform it well, she would be
punished.� As it was, servicing the
customers was a task she enjoyed.

����������� �Shall we
go shopping first?� Or�?�

����������� �Shall we
enjoy this little morsel?�

����������� By this
little morsel, of course, he meant Andrea.

����������� �This
little morsel,� they responded in unison, nodding their heads and chuckling.

����������� The woman
moved to the side of the bed to get undressed.�
A free woman always wore an abundant amount of inner and out
garments.� At least, that was the theory
of slavers as they stripped their new captive down prior to allowing her to beg
for a slave collar.

����������� The man had
less to do.� As a result, he took care of
Andrea, freeing the end of the leash from the ring, and then using the chain to
lead her to the end of the bed.

����������� Andrea felt
her nipples becoming hard and pointed at the thought of serving these two.� Only a woman who had completely accepted her
status as a slave girl could do that.

����������� He removed
the leash from her collar, grabbing her by both shoulders to turn her toward
the bed.� She glanced down as she saw him
squat.� He ran a chain from the right
bedpost toward her leg.� Without being
told, she moved her feet apart to make it easier for him to complete the task.� A leather cuff about her ankles insured she
could not move her right foot more than two or three centimeters to her
left.� She had already moved her left leg
in that direction.� After he shifted his
body in that direction, it took only seconds to complete the task.

����������� He crossed
the room to the wardrobe to get a pair of cords.� As he did that, Andrea cast a furtive look at
his companion.� She had removed enough
clothing for the blonde captive to see how fine her body was.� She began salivating through the ballgag.

����������� He tied the
end of t one cord to the bedpost on the right.�
Moving to the blonde�s left he repeated the process with the second
cord.� Before removing her handcuffs, she
pulled her bound arms in the air, forcing her to bend over so her face was pressed
against the bedcover.� He then removed
the handcuffs, tying an end of one cord to her right wrist and the end of the
other to her left wrist.� With her arms
twisted, she could not rise from this position.

����������� The net
result was Andrea bent over with her legs spread.� She could raise her head a little but it
placed a great strain on her upper arms and shoulders to do so.� They had bound her in this position, and she
would remain in it until they chose to release her.

����������� His wife
undressed quickly.� By the time her
husband had finished binding the beautiful blonde in the desired position, she
slid her abdomen under Andrea�s head.�
She unfastened the strap holding the gag in her mouth.� Any thoughts the little slave girl might had
had about what they wanted her to do disappeared as the woman pulled her head
down so her face was in her pussy.

����������� �Eat me!�

����������� Andrea was
oblivious to what the man did behind her until she suddenly felt his cock in
her pussy.� The action of him thrusting
it in and out excited her to work faster with her tongue.� The man enjoyed what he did to Andrea�s
pussy.� Andrea enjoyed being fucked and
the free woman enjoyed what the blonde slave girl did with her tongue.

����������� The woman
had her first orgasm a few seconds before the slave girl.� Andrea�s second came less than a minute
later.� The two raced neck and neck
(pussy and pussy?) over who would come more often. 

����������� The contest
ended only when the man announced, �We had to be going or we will be late.�

����������� The two
dressed, leaving Andrea bound in the degrading position.� The woman rubbed the rubber ball in her pussy
before shoving it back in the blonde�s mouth.

����������� �A little
memento to remember me by.�

����������� The man
dressed first, but left Andrea�s bondage to his wife.� Women were so much more inventive when it
came to making other women helpless.

����������� She freed
the blonde temporarily from her bondage.

�You!� Over here!�

She pointed toward the right
bedpost.� The luscious blonde hurried to
the desired place, trotting with her unbound arms straight down at her sides,
her hands turned outward so she had the palms turned toward the floor.� The woman grabbed her by the upper arm as
soon as she was within reach.� With no
gentleness at all, she spun her about so she could push her back was against
one bedpost.

�Put your hands behind the post.�

The slave girl knew what to
expect.� She had been bound as this
several times before.� What the free
woman decided to do to her after she was bound was uncertain.� The rubber ball gagging her kept her from
expressing any opinion on what was about to happen to her.

The woman stared at the naked slave
girl to pin her in position.� The bottom
drawer of a dresser held many coils of rope.�
(The other drawers held various kinds of gags, paddles and other
instruments of bondage that the slave girl did not want to contemplate.)

The woman moved behind the slave
girl, tossing the ropes on the bed.� She
began to hum a little melody as she undid one coil.� Forming a loop in the middle of the rope, she
proceeded to bind the captive�s wrists together.� More than just make a few loops about them,
she cinched them so the cords dug tightly into her flesh.� She knew better than to give the slave girl
any freedom at all.

A truly wise mistress (or master)
would have put gloves on the slave girl first.�
Covering some parts of the body merely emphasized the nakedness of the
other.� When using ropes, the gloves
helped protect the flesh of the captive.�
The woman did not care.� The
blonde slave girl existed solely for her pleasure.� If her wrists were too sore for ropes the
next day, the inn would simply punish her for having chaffed flesh.� The slave girl existed only to please others.

A meter of rope dangled down from
the knot on each end.� She ignored them
for the moment, turning her attention to another rope.� Tying a double hitch to the slave girl�s left
elbow, she tied both elbows together.�
Placing her left hand against the upper arms, she pulled with all her
might, slowly pulling the elbows together.�
She still had a meter of rope on each end.� She pushed them down between the captive�s
upper arms and the bedpost.� Then using
her fingertips, she pushed the ends between the forearms.� When she finally tied a knot, she had the
captive completely helpless.

The woman then passed the ends of
the cord around the bedpost to secure the slave girl�s arms tightly to it.

The woman knew enough about binding
a woman to know that there was no such thing as �too many ropes on a slave
girl.�� The next rope encircled the slave
girl�s chest below her large bosom, and the final her chest above them.

She opened another coil of rope,
holding tightly to one end while she threw the other across the room.� She slid from the bed to get down so she
could reach the slave girl�s left ankle.�
She drew into the air and laid it on the bed so she could fasten one end
of the rope to it.� 

The slave girl stood patiently on
one foot.� She now knew how her mistress
intended to bind her.� She had no idea
what the woman intended to do to her once she had her bound.

The next step required her to pull
the captive�s leg in the air behind her.�
Then, letting her hand slide down to the end of the cord, she slipped
the working end under the upper rope about the captive�s chest.� As she pulled on the end, she pulled the
young woman�s leg back and to the right.�
When she let go after tying a couple of knots, the weight of the slave
girl�s body pulled on the rope about her chest, pinning her securely to the
bedpost.

The woman quickly did the same to
the left leg, this time securing the end of the rope to the lower loops about
the captive�s chest.� Thus, the weight of
her body helped secure her in place.

Now the slave girl had no idea what
she had in mind for her.� Her fears grew
and multiplied when she saw her mistress approach with a satin blindfold.� Whatever happened to her, she would not see
it coming.

The blindfold had an elastic band
so the woman had no trouble getting on the head of her captive.� The blindfold was shaped to run along the
line of the eyebrows and around both eye sockets.� At the bridge of the nose it was only a
centimeter high.� The material was pink
satin with a small lace ruffle around the outside.� When the woman lowered her hands, the slave
girl could see nothing.

����������� The bondage
left the beautiful blonde suspended from the bedpost.� Andrea could do nothing to protect her
body.� The blindfold made it even worse
as she could not see what was about to happen to her.

����������� �Are you
planning to go out dressed like that?�

����������� The man
asked the question of his companion who stood before the bound blonde with her
hands on her hips.

����������� �What?�

����������� As she said
that, she looked at him, then she looked down her herself.� When she looked up again, she was giggling.

����������� She was
stark naked.� Even Andrea wore more
clothing than she.

����������� �Maybe I
will get dressed a little.�

����������� Andrea
failed to see the humor of the stake.�
Then again, she saw nothing because of the blindfold.














Chapter 108

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  71
  2007-07-26T23:01:00Z
  2007-07-26T23:01:00Z
  9
  3647
  20794
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  173
  48
  24393
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Chapter 93

&nbsp;

Only Caroline knew who Laura
was.� Twice during the day, the Madison
saw her without recognizing her.� She
was, after all, only another slave girl.

The wicked stepmother wanted to
have some fun with her.� She told
Caroline to bring Laura to her room after dinner.� The Amazon was not certain this was a good
idea, but, after all, the beautiful brunette was no longer in any position to
resist.� If she rebelled,
Caroline would simply have her punished.

The Amazon managed to stall her
boss for a day.� These things had to be
worked out carefully.� With the proper
encouragement and training, she was certain she could get the captive beauty to
do anything she wanted.

The first step was nose
training.� The other guards knew what
Caroline meant.� She did not have to say
a word to them.� She merely pointed to
the kneeling slave girl, then to the tip of her nose.

The other guards, of course, did
not recognize their employer�s haughty stepdaughter.� All they saw was another slave girl who had
to be nudged down the road to total submission.

The first step was to replace
Laura�s ballgag with a leather gag.� The
ballgag was just as effective, but the slightly protruding rubber ball could
cause problems.� At a minimum it would be
a distraction.� The best way to handle
distractions was to get rid of them.

The leather gag was a band of shiny
black leather that tightly encircled the wearer�s head.� Attached to the front was a leather bag that
went into the captive�s mouth.� This bag
was filled with foam rubber so it was not too cumbersome for the wearer to have
in her mouth.� At the same time it was
quite effective as a gag.

The ends buckled behind the
head.� Without thinking, the guard
fastened a small padlock over each buckle.�
That gag was not coming off without permission.

The guard then stripped from the
waist down.� Sitting in a chair before
the kneeling captive, she wiggled the index finger of her right hand to
indicate that Laura should crawl forward.

The evil stepdaughter assumed the
worse.� (In this case, she was
right.)� Still, she had no choice other
than to obey.

The guard grabbed her by the head,
bending it back so the slave girl had no choice other than to look in her eyes.

�Use your nose to make me come.�

Sure Laura would have protested if
the gag were not in her mouth.� She felt
the tight band of leather about her head and had heard the clicks of the locks
being secured.� She knew she would not
protest.� If she tried, she would be
punished.

She extended her body forward so
she could place her face in the woman�s pussy.�
Using her head and upper body, she rubbed her nose up and down until the
woman came.

Once was not enough as the evil
stepdaughter quickly learned.� The guard forced her to cause half a dozen
orgasms but allowing her to stop.

�On your feet.� Turn around.�
Assume the position.�

Laura was worried that the guard
intended to punish her for doing a poor job.�
That was not her intent though.�
It was easy enough to beat a slave girl to force her to do what you
wanted.� 

The key was to make her want to do
it.

With her left hand, the guard
grabbed a fistful of the captive�s long, dark tresses.� She pulled back as she pressed her fist on
Laura�s upper back.� All the beautiful
captive could do was maintaining that position with her head back so she stared
straight ahead.

The guard�s right hand went between
her legs.� Two fingers went into her
pussy.� In seconds she had the beautiful
captive writhing her pleasure.� Laura�s orgasm came quickly.

�Turn around and kneel.� Next!�

That was how Laura spent the rest
of the day, and much of the night.� Just
when she though she was done, the first guard would come back for a second
helping of her nose.� At night, a guard
brought some of her friends over.�
Laura�s cute little nose became the number one entertainment attraction
in town.

Laura was not too bright, but she
was not stupid either.� She knew what all
this was leading to.� She tried to think
of a way to stop her training, but no plan had the slightest chance of
success.� She was out of her element
here, and the whipmistresses had much training.�
They knew how to make her obey.

She resolved she would tell
Caroline about them once this ordeal was done.�
No, she would get them all fired, including Caroline.

Maybe she could talk to a lawyer
about some legal loophole in the law that would turn them all into slave
girls.� She could do to them what they
were making her do to them.

The evil stepdaughter thought this
training and degradation was being done without Caroline�s knowledge.� She thought that since she was just another
slave girl in the house, they were treating her as they would any other slave
girl.� It was just her and a number of
mistresses and guards who wanted to have fun.

Notably missing from all this was
Carolina and Madison.� The Amazon wanted
Laura to think that the two of them had nothing to do with this.� Caroline reinforced this idea, with her
remarks to Laura the next day.

�Your stepmother thinks you should
be doing more than just wearing a skimpy outfit and cleaning rooms.�� Laura still thought (in error), that neither
Caroline nor Madison knew what had happened to her.� She thought the whipmistress and her wicked
stepmother were still doing what they said.

The beautiful brunette followed
Caroline through the house wearing what was becoming her standard outfit.� All she had on was a garter belt, stockings
and high heels.� She was only a slave
girl.� She had no reason to wear anything
else. 

She knelt before her wicked
stepmother with her head down.

�Didn�t she get any training?�
Madison asked in extreme sarcasm.� �I
thought the whole idea behind this was to teach her discipline and obedience.�

�Apparently not.� Or she is a slow learner.� Spread your legs apart.�

The beautiful brunette moved her
legs apart a centimeter at a time.� She
had not assumed the proper slave girl position because no one had taught it to
her.� 

Caroline looked down as she moved
her legs.� She knew that in this position� she was
offering her body to her stepmother.� 

Madison leaned forward so she could
grab the beautiful brunette�s head with both hands.

�I guess Caroline was correct.� You haven�t been trained.� You need a good dose of training right now.�

�What do you want to do to her?�

Laura�s head jerk up at that
statement from the whipmistress.� She had
been brought here for some ulterior motive.�
She wondered what they intended to do to her.

�Laura, you have a reputation for
being a rather loose young woman.� That
is why we are disappointed in you.� We
are going to keep the opportunity to show us just how much you want to correct
your behavior.�

Madison picked up hourglass that
she set on a small table next to the chair.

�On your feet,
Bitch.�

Laura�s eyes opened wide at the way
her stepmother spoke her.� She was not
used to being talked to this way, but then again never before been bound and
dressed as a slave girl.� As Caroline had
taught her, she staggered to her feet.

�Adjust the handcuffs.�

Caroline removed a cuff from one
wrist, but immediately pulled Laura�s arms before her body so she could
reattach the handcuff in front.

As soon as that was done, Madison
held up hourglass so the captive could see it.�
The bases were dark brown wood with six metal rods holding the bases
against the glass.� The hourglass itself
seemed quite large with a huge amount of sand in it, but she had no idea how
big the opening was.

�What you are going to do is
playing with yourself until you come.� I
am going to time you.� If you do not come
by the time the sands run out of this hourglass, I am going to spank you.� Are you ready to begin?�

Had she not had been wearing the gag, Laura�s mouth would have opened in astonishment.�� As it was, her eyes just grew wide.� She could not believe that her stepmother was
ordering her to do this.

�Begin.�

Madison placed the hourglass upside
down on the table.� The sand began to run
from the upper chamber to the lower.� For
the first few seconds Laura was too stunned to react.� Slowly she moved to her hands down to her
crotch to begin playing with herself.�
She raised her head to look at the hourglass.� Despite its size, the sand was rapidly
running from the upper chamber.

She rubbed her fingers up and down
slowly.� It felt good.� She had done this before in private, but
never before an audience like this.� And never before on demand.�
The hourglass emptied before she was came.

�Put the handcuffs on her�

As soon as Caroline had done that,
she pushed the captive forward.� The evil
stepmother spun her about and pulled her across her lap.� The highest part of Laura�s body was now her
bare bottom.

�I once you to get this punishment,
you will promise to be a good little girl in the future.�

With that she began to slap at the
bottom cheeks.� 

Slap!� Slap!�
Slap!� Slap!

�Do you promise to be a good little
girl?�

The captive beauty nodded.

�I can�t hear you.�

Slap!� Slap!�
Slap!� Slap!

The blows came harder and faster as
Madison moved from one cheek to the other.�
Laura had never been treated this way.�
She reacted by trying to scream through the gag as she kicked her legs
wildly.� This was all to no avail.� The blows fell as long as her wicked
stepmother wanted to beat her bottom. 

When she was finished, she pushed
the helpless captive to the floor.

�Now that you know that I mean
business, we can start again.� Get on
your feet with your hands on your hips.�

As soon as the beautiful brunette
assumed the desired position, Madison turned the hourglass upside down and
placed it on the table.

�Begin again.�

Laura began playing with herself,
this time with much more enthusiasm.� Her
fingers moved up-and-down as she imagined it was a woman�s tongue.� More than that, she imaged it was Madison�s
tongue licking her pussy.� She felt
herself coming when she heard Madison cry out �Time! Stop!�� She wanted to continue playing with herself
until she came but she was afraid of what Madison would do to her if she
disobeyed.

Once again she found herself over
her wicked stepmother�s lap.� This time
the spanking was twice as long.� She
continued to cry through the dead and keep her legs wildly.

�Let�s begin again.�

Laura was sobbing by the time she started.� This time she achieved an orgasm.

�That was pretty good.� Now see if you can do it again�

Madison turned the hourglass upside
down.� Only half the sands had run out
when the beautiful brunette came time this.

�Put your hands on your hips until
the sands are through.�

When the sands had run out, Madison
turned it over so Laura could start again.�
The quicker she came, the longer she had to wait until she could work on
the next orgasm.� Her arms and hands were
shaking.� She so much wanted to move her
hands from her hips to her pussy, but she knew her evil stepmother would have
no qualms about punishing her if she did.

�She is a little slut.�

Laura stood with her hands on her
hips while her wicked stepmother and the family whipmistress discussed her ability
to come quickly.� She hoped Madison would
force her to make herself come again.

Instead of continuing at his game,
the whipmistress pulled her hands behind her back to lock them there.� With a leash to her collar, the evil
stepdaughter looked the same as any other slave girl.� The whipmistress tugged twice on the leash,
indicating she should follow her downstairs.

Her life as a slave girl continued
with a major change.

The beautiful brunette knelt before
the Amazon who held her by the chin.

�I�ve been looking after you since
you first put on the collar.� That is
going to change now.� You are on your own
until the reception is over.�

That was an outright lie of
course.� Caroline had no intention of
allowing Laura�s submission to be random.�
She would orchestrate her gradual submission as before, only the
brunette would not know that.

As a pampered princess, Laura had
been used to sleeping at least until noon.�
The she was used to a life of luxury.�
She was in for a shock when they got her up before sunrise.� She was a slave girl.� She had to do to work.

She was fed the usual slave
gruel.� After allowing her to go to the
bathroom under close supervision, she was prepared to do her first task of the
day.

She wore a black lace the garter
belt to hold up her sheer black stockings.�
She wore no other clothing except for the shocking pink high-heeled
sandals with the fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels.� She was only a slave girl so she needed to
wear nothing else.

She was glad when they removed the
handcuffs from her wrists, but she was in for another shock.� One man held her hands together behind her
back, while another pulled a singleglove up her arms.� It took only minute to get the leather
bondage device on her.� While one man
stood before her holding it up by reaching around her body, the other tightened
the laces that pulled the flaps together.�
To the captive, it seemed that he had drawn it as tight as he could as
he fastened it in place with a square knot on top.� He then pulled straps over her shoulders. �In order for him to fasten them under opposite
arm, the man standing before her turned her to the side.� The man behind her fastened the end of the
strap to buckle on the singleglove.� As
soon as he was done, the man spun her about so he could fasten the strap on the
other side.� With both straps buckled,
the beautiful brunette was helpless.

They were not done putting the
singleglove on her.� The man behind her
grabbed a small steel rod that he inserted where the lacings crossed on the
bottom.� When he gave it a twist, the
leather edges came closer together.� He
pulled the rod out, but inserted it when the lacing crossed immediately above.

He continued this from the bottom
to the top, creating almost eight centimeters of slack in the ends.� The leather was drawn into a tighter
cylinder, drawing her arms tighter together.

He retied the knot at the top, but
he was not done.� He inserted the rod at
the bottom again and worked his way up.

One man took her to the main
room.� She was tethered to a wall along
with three other slave girls.

During her short tenure as a slave
girl, Laura had learned the proper way to behave.� She stood with her feet spread a little wider
than her shoulders.� She bent forward a
little so anyone standing behind her could easily see her pussy.� She stared at the wall centimeters in front
of her face.

The men came along and fastened
canvas bags over the singleglove her shoulders.�
She had no idea what this was for. This was not some sort of bondage
device and it certainly was not an erotic outfit.� It was just a canvas bag.

About ten minutes later she heard
movement behind her.� She wanted to
glance over her right shoulder to see what was going on behind her, but she
knew her long hair was in the way.� She
knew it was best just to stare at the wall before.� Finally they came to her.� She saw an arm reach over her left shoulder
to unhook her leash from the wall.� As
soon as that was done, someone tugged on it to get her to turn to the
left.� The slave girl who had been
standing with her left now stood facing the doorway.� The man pushed that slave girl�s hair aside
to get at the ring on the back of her collar.�
He attached the end of Laura�s leash to the collar.

The beautiful brunette was now part
of a coffle.� She had no idea what was
next, but she knew she was not going to like it.

The coffle started forward.� As the slave girl before her began walking,
Laura had no choice but to follow.�
Slowly the line of beautiful slave girls moved toward the door and then
through it.� It turned right and started
up toward the street.� Laura had been
outside before, so she was not completely terrified.� She just wondered what they were doing.

At the street they turned
left.� They continued forward for several
blocks until they reached the market.

Laura once again found herself
tethered to a ring on the wall.� The five
slave girls stood with their backs toward the street.� 

Gradually it dawned on her what was
happening to her.� They had turned her
into a beast of burden.� The cook was out
buying food.� Her job was to help carry
the purchases back.� She had no say in
what was going on.� Her only duty was to
carry the goods.

She was a slave girl.� She could not expect a free person to carry
something while there was a slave girl or two available to do it for them.

When the bags were full, they
turned the slave girls about.� Laura had
them last line, now she became the first.�
One guard held her leash while another tethered the next slave for her
collar and so on down the line.� In just
a couple minutes, all by were chained together into a coffle.

A tug on the leash told her to walk
forward.� She stumbled forward in those
high heels, hoping to get home without anyone recognizing her.� She could not imagine what Caroline could do
to her that was worse than this.

She was about find out.� 

Madison summoned the
whipmistress.� She wanted to find out
what the Amazon intended to do to her wicked stepdaughter.� She thought she was running this escapade so
she was upset that Caroline had not kept her informed.

�The staff thinks she is a new
slave girl.� I have given instructions
for her training to take the next step.�

�What is that?�

�They will teach her the true
meaning of being a slave girl.�

��I have never seen this done before.� Can I watch?�

The mistress knew that the young
woman had not gotten around much.� It was
a common practice used to humiliate the slave girls.� 

�Come along and be silent.� Don�t let her know who you are.�

The beautiful brunette stood
spreadeagle in the training room wearing the usual garter belt, stockings and
high heels.

She wore a ballgag, and more
importantly, a blindfold.� She could not
see what was about to be done to her, or who was doing it.

The whipmistress motioned for
Madison to sit in a chair set a couple meters to the side.� Not only could people torment the helpless
beauty, they could watch while others did it.

The helpless captive knew from the
sounds that someone was in the room with her.�
(She thought there was only one person.�
She had not heard Madison come in after Caroline.)� She had been poke, prodded and spanked since
they bound her this way.� She tensed her
whole body at the thought of more pain.

That was not what Caroline
intended.

She placed both hands on Laura�s
hips before bending over.� She planted
her mouth on the brunette�s left tittie and played with the nipple with her
tongue.

A common torment of slave girls was
to arouse them by sucking on their nipples, but not to allow them to common.

At first the bound beauty felt
humiliated by this oral manipulation.�
Gradually the excitement got the better of her.� She writhed about as she became more aroused.

Caroline shifted her attention to
the left nipple.� After she started to
lick, she let her hands slid down across the captive�s flat belly toward her
crotch.� Once there, she rubbed them up
and down the thighs.

�Mmmmmffffftttt!�

Laura wanted her to play with her
pussy � to make her come, but the Amazon had no intention of doing that.� She was going to get the beautiful little
slave girl aroused.� Then she was going
to stop.

The buxom brunette wiggled her hips
about to try to get her pussy under the woman�s hands but could not.

Caroline finally gave Madison a
chance to torment the captive.

The blonde almost had her mouth on
Laura�s left nipple when she stopped.�
She opened her mouth as she leaned forward.� The pointed nipple passed between her
lips.� She bit down, not enough to hurt,
but enough to get a good grip on it.� She
then pulled her head back, pulling the nipple with her.� When she let go, she licked the crown of the
tittie.

She then turned her attention to
the other supple mound.

Caroline gave her twice as long as
she had had to play with Laura.� She
stepped beside her to get her attention then motioned that they should leave
the room.

�What is next?� her boss asked once
the door was closed so Laura could not hear them.

�This evening Laura gets her hair
done.�

�But she had such beautiful
hair!� Why are you � oh!� You aren�t talking about that hair.�

No, she was not talking about the
hair on her head.

Laura wondered what new torment was
in store for her when they took her to a training room after she had fed.� In the center of the room there was a
table.� The guard nearly tethered her to
a ring inside the room and left.� The
young woman could only stand there and wonder and worried what would happen
next.

One of Caroline�s assistants
entered a couple minutes later.

�Are you enjoying yourself?� 

She did not recognize the slave
girl before her as her employer�s daughter.

As she said that, there was
mistress reached up to cup Burnett�s left tittie with her hand.� 

She used the leash to lead her to
the table, stepping around it so she was on one side and the luscious slave
girl was on the other.

�Lay on sit on the edge.�

She removed the handcuffs from the
slave girl.� Before Laura could do
anything, she placed a hand against her upper chest and pushed backwards,
forcing the beautiful brunette to play with her back on the table.� The one hand holding her down, she pulled one
end of the strap about.� Reaching across
the brunette�s body, she grabbed the other strap pulled together.� Working the working end through the bar, she
gave a sharp pull that removed all slack from the strap.� This forced Laura�s back against the surface
of the table.

The whipmistress then pulled the
young woman�s right hand down under the side of the table.� She held it there with a leather cuff that
was at the end of a strap.� When she had
bound both arms under the tabletop, she grabbed Laura�s left leg, drawing it up
and back.� She fastened a leather strap
about her thigh near the knee.� When the
she fastened another strap the same way, she had the brunette�s legs spread far
apart.

�Isn�t that a beautiful sight?�

She had an unobstructed view of the
captive�s pussy.� Laura was afraid of
what she was going to do her in this position, but whatever she thought was
completely wrong.

� Would
say that is the perfect pussy for a slave.��

She crossed he room to grab the
chair and toolkit.� She then moved back
down to where she had been standing a second before.� Placing the chair at the foot of the table,
only a fraction of a meter from the beautiful woman�s available pussy, she sat
down to open the toolkit.

Of course, Laura had no idea what
was going on.� She tried to raise her
head to see, but discovered her huge titties were blocking her view.� Since the woman was distracted doing
something to her crotch, she used this opportunity to test her bondage.� Her wrists were securely bound in the tape.� She tried to raise her body about but
discovered that there was no slack.

She would remain bound there until
they decided to free her.

�We begin be a little water.�

The slave girl heard the sound of a
little being poured.� There were other
sounds, but she could not make them out.�
Then she felt a tugging on her pubic hair.� Not knowing what was going on was worse than
seeing it. 

The whipmistress had been using a
straight razor.� She then switched to a
small comb and a pair of scissors.� She
began turning the brunette�s pubic hair so it was all the same length. When she
was done, she ran the comb through the pubic hair to insure it was all the same
length. 

�She then used bleach on the hair.

�I always find it works best to
remove all color first,� she said to the helpless slave girl who did not know
what she was talking about.

When the woman finished with the
bleach, she applied the red dye, going on the fine hair in the slave girl�s
crotch again and again until she had the proper hue.

She then brought the captive to her
feet, locking her hands behind her back again.

�Well, what do you think?� she
asked when she had Laura in front of a mirror.

The beautiful brunette�s eyes
opened wide.

The woman had turned her pubic hair
into a bright red heart, the bottom part pointing at her pussy.

�Let�s go out so you can show it
off.�

For a moment, she forgot her
training.� She did not want anyone to see
this.� This was even more humiliating
than going about in public as a slave girl.

She had no choice though.� A double tug on the leash warned her to
obey.� Her training as a slave girl
kicked in.

Laura followed at the end of the
leash.� She could not believe things
could get any worse.

But we know better, don�t we?














Chapter 94

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-07-31T23:08:00Z
  2007-07-31T23:08:00Z
  8
  3522
  20076
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  167
  47
  23551
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 94

&nbsp;

At last Friday had come.� For Erin it was time for a change in staff.

Good help was so hard to find.

The day began for Melissa as most
others had since she became a slave girl.�
They took her from her stall and dressed her in a special ponygirl
outfit.� The main item was a leather
corset, black except for twelve narrow red vertical stripes.� Four black elastic straps ran down from it to
the tops of the sheer black stockings.�
Red satin panties hid her pussy.�
The hooves were on sandals that matched the panties.

She needed no other clothing; after
all, she was only a ponygirl.

They bound her arms behind her back
using a black leather singleglove.� She
held her arms together at the wrist while they fastened the first black leather
strap about them.� The second went about
her lower arms at the elbow, drawing them together.� Putting the singleglove on was easy after
that.� The leather pulled her arms
together from her hands to mid-upper arm.�
She was bound and totally helpless, as any slave girl should be.

They took her out to the sulky
where they secured her with three other ponygirls, each of whom was a
blonde.� Their outfits were identical to
hers so they were a matched set of four.�
With the head harness on, blinders and leather straps hiding part of the
face, it was impossible for someone to tell them apart.

The sulky with its beautiful
propulsion team moved around town for a few hours so they would be used to
working together.� When Erin arrived, she
could not tell who was Melissa without a close inspection.� She did not make one now, she did not want to
know.� They assured her Melissa was one
of the four and that was good enough for her.�
The less she knew, the more she would be believed.

Erin did not drive directly toward the
city gates.� She did not want to be
obvious in case anyone was watching her.�
All her actions had to be normal.�
Well, they had to be the normal action of a snotty, arrogant mistress
who enjoyed showing off her luscious slave girls.

Yeah, like I said. �Normal.

After meandering through the city,
up and down the main thoroughfares (and down some that were not so main), the
sulky arrived at the establishment of another mistress.� As it was, this mistress owned the three
little ponygirls who plied their trade with Melissa.� 

Erin brought the sulky around in
back where she jumped out next to a door.�
One pull on the bell cord caused the door to open.� Erin disappeared inside, only to reemerge a
few minutes later with another slave girl.

Yeah, this was a slave girl.� There could be no doubt about that.� The short pink satin minidress told the world
that.� Her whole attire was pink, with
just a few traces of white for trim.�
Erin led her to the back of the sulky where she tethered her.� Without a word to that slave girl or her team
of ponygirls, she hopped back onto the seat of the sulky.� In seconds, the team of four lovely captives
was moving a full speed toward the town square.

Melissa had a vague idea where she
was.� In the back of her mind was the
thought that someone might see her dressed and bound as she was and recognize
her.� That would be embarrassing.� She had long since given up any thought that
anyone would rescue her.� She wore the
collar of a slave girl.� Anyone they met,
even if that person knew her before she fell into Erin�s grasp, would do
nothing to free her.

One circuit about the town square
was all they needed.� Having established
herself as a mistress out on a pleasure jaunt, Erin then turned the team of
ponygirls toward the main gate.

As has been mentioned (often)
before, the town had laws to keep free women from being enslaved within the
city walls.� The purpose of the laws was
not to protect the nubile women who would look much more attractive wearing a
collar, but rather to protect the interests of the professional slavers.� Their contributions filled the election
coffers of the town leaders.

Once in sight of the city�s walls,
Erin had to wait.� There was line of
wagons and sulkies at the gate so Erin had to wait for half an hour.� Normally such a wait would have made her
extremely irate, but this time she merely smiled at the officials.

When it came her time, she produced
the paperwork showing that the slave girl was had tether to the back of the
sulky was a legal, registered slave girl.�
Whether by design or by neglect, they did not ask for the papers of the
ponygirls.� Perhaps it was obvious that
such a lovely beast of burden could be nothing other than a registered slave
girl.� 

Oversight or intent?� Who knows and who cares?� 

Erin had no trouble taking the
blondes from the city.� Once outside the
walls it became a moot issue.� There were
no laws to protect Melissa.� If she was
lovely enough to deserve a collar, she deserved her fate.

The ponygirls� knees rose in rapid
unison as they raced down the macadamized road, past the various inspection
stations.� Near the bottom of the hill
she came upon the first of the slavers camps.�
She made a left turn between two large tents. 

She was in the clear now that she
was outside the city�s walls.� The
officials could do nothing to her about Melissa.� She had used this stratagem once before, and
she was careful as she thought she might want to use it again.� Recognizing that more than a few officials
would like to see her wearing a slave collar herself, she did not want to draw
attention to her nefarious deeds.� She
wanted to pass through the gate again with as much ease as she had this time.

A few pfennings allowed her to rent
a couple of slave girls for a few minutes.�
The ponygirl outfit came off Melissa and went on the fifth blonde.� That slave girl took Melissa�s place in the
traces.

�Dress her in this,� Erin ordered
as she tossed a small packed to one of the slave girls.� In a couple minutes they had Melissa dressed
as a slave girl.� Her outfit, however,
was entirely different from what the other slave girl had worn.� She wore a black satin garter belt, adorned
with white lace ruffles in front.� It
held up the sheer black stockings.�
Except for the white, patent leather sandals with the ubiquitous fifteen-centimeter
stiletto heel, was naked.

When they had finished dressing
her, they stepped back.� Erin raised her
right hand in the air and motioned in a little circle.� Melissa obediently rotated about until she
faced her mistress again.� The smile on Erin�s
face told the slave girl that her mistress liked what she saw.

�Turn away from me.�

Melissa shuffled her feet until her
back was towards her mistress.

�Now, bend over.�

As she had been trained, the blonde
spread her legs apart once she stopped moving.�
She obeyed Erin�s order, bending over until her upper body was parallel
to the ground.� She put her head back so
she stared straight ahead.

A smile appeared on the beautiful
mistress�s lips.� Melissa�s pussy was
visible from behind when she spread her legs.�
When she bent over, it was impossible to miss it.

Maybe she would have a party.� She could invite all the men she and Melissa
knew.� It would be an enjoyable evening�s
entertainment watching Melissa offer her pussy to all those men who previously
had only been able to dream of it.

She was still outside the city�s
gates, and she had to get her blonde slave girl back inside.

�Straighten up and turn around.�

Erin took the blonde by the arm and
led her to the back of the sulky where she tethered her where the other blonde
had been on the way out.

Erin returned the slave girls to
their owner before taking the sulky back toward the town.� The tableau looked the same as when she came
out.� She had four matching blonde ponygirls
drawing the sulky and she had another blonde slave girl tethered to the back.

Erin had no papers for Melissa, but
that was taken care of when she registered her to bring her into the city.� For only a few pfennings for the
registration, the buxom blonde became a legal slave girl in the city.

Before entering the building, she
secured the buxom blonde in a pillory to the left of the door.� Though there were holes for the wrists, she
left Melissa�s arms locked behind her back.�
A spreader bar with cuffs kept the blonde�s legs spread.� Erin worked a lever several times to lower
the blonde�s head.

Her pussy was on display.

�She might as well get used to
strutting her stuff in public,� Erin muttered to herself as she headed for the
door. 

Since she wore a collar, anyone who
encountered her would think of Melissa as nothing more than another slave
girl.� Had she been able to flee while
outside the city�s walls and had stumbled into someone, they would take her for
what she was � a slave girl.

Life becomes simple when a woman
wears a slave collar.� There are no
decisions to make anymore.� All she had
to do is obey.

Once inside the city, her new
status was confirmed by her registration number.� If she ran away, once she was caught, they
had only to check the registration number on her collar to see to whom she
belonged.� (Remember that fact � it will
come in play later.)

The city walls and the guards at
the gates kept her prisoner within bounds.�
If she fled, in those high heels she could not move quickly.� There was no place for her to run.� And the standard punishment for a disobedient
slave girl was to take her to the town square and leave her bound for a few
hours.� Anyone coming along would know
she was there because she deserved some form of punishment.� And since you could not tell how much she had
been punished already a passerby would always feel obligated to deliver a few
whacks of his or her own to the unfortunate captive�s bottom.

For obvious reasons, few slave
girls tried to escape.� Those who did
never tried again.

There was no need for the slave
girl to be present during the registration process so Erin left her
outside.� She did not leave her alone
though.� A guard and a couple of slave
traders were present when she arrived.

�I wonder if I could ask the three
of you for a favor?�

�Huh?�

�What?�

�This little slave girl has been so
good lately she deserves a reward.� I
wonder if the three of you would be so kind as to let her suck you dry.� She does so enjoy it.�

When the beautiful mistress emerged
from the office, she found Melissa on her knees sucking hard on the cock of one
of the men.� Erin found a chair and sat
to wait until her slave girl was done.

Of course, Melissa could not make
them come though she gave it a valiant effort.�
As she jerked her head forward and back, the recipient of her attention
kept both hands on the back of her head.�
When to stop was not her decision.�
She would continue until he wanted her to cease.

When she finished with that man,
the guard took his place in front of her.�
Again, Melissa tried without success to make him come.� Though it was only midday, she was already
the sixth to suck him.

When the three finished, Erin
rammed the rubber ball back into the blonde�s mouth as she whispered, �I hope
you enjoyed that cock because that is the last you are ever going to get!�

That statement was untrue � but we
are getting ahead of ourselves.

Erin still had to return the sulky
and team to the stable, but first she guided them to her secret rendezvous
where she played with the office help.�
She tethered the ponygirls to a hitching post in front while she took
her blonde slave girl inside.� First
though she fastened a leather blindfold on her.�
She pulled it tight, then adjusted it.�
Not convinced she had it on right, she peered closely around the
edges.� The leather band pressed against
the leather pads that in turn pressed the foam rubber against the contours of
her face.� No light at all could get
through to her.

Satisfied that the blonde could see
nothing, she led her up the stairs to the apartment.

Unused to moved about blindfolded,
the leggy blonde moved slowly at first, forcing her mistress to play a switch
against the back of her knees to speed her up.

�Move faster.� If you bump into something and hurt yourself,
it�s something you deserve.�

If Melissa moved quickly, she might
hurt herself, but if she moved slowly, Erin would hurt her.� She picked up the pace a little, whacking her
a shin against the edge of a step.

Erin moved her around in the room
so she faced the door (though with the blindfold on she did not know that).

�Spread your legs apart.�

She stared at her slave girl�s feet
as the blonde moved one foot a few centimeters to the side, then the other.

�Further than that!� I want them spread!�

In order to do as her mistress
ordered, the blonde had to twist her high heels so the toes pointed outward.

Erin then secured her captive in
that position by fastened a leather cuff to each ankle.� A short chain ran from the cuffs to rings in
the floor so the captive could not draw her legs together.

Erin had her captive positioned so
she stood under a dangling chain.� She
attached bar to it that had a leather cuff at each end.� In a matter of seconds she had the blonde
bound spreadeagle.

The slave girl�s pussy was exposed
and vulnerable.� Erin took advantage of
that.

�I want you to think of all the
horrible things I can do to you when I get back.� Believe me, I will make it far worse than you
can imagine.�

She heard her new slave girl
sobbing to herself as she crossed the room to the door.� She smiled at Melissa�s helplessness.

�She so deserves what she is about
to get,� she thought to herself.

Back at the office she found her
three assistants already bound and dressed.

They were so stupid, willingly
allowing themselves to be bound and gagged, that she knew she was going to miss
them.

They could not see but they could
hear.� Erin had them bundled in the back
of a delivery wagon among the other goods sold and delivered.� Several minutes after leaving the office,
they found themselves entering another door.�
They could not see but knew it was there.

Erin positioned Chrissy and June so
they faced the wall.� She left them bound
and hooded.� She had no need for them at
that time, and she was impatient to begin Melissa�s torment.

She removed Katie�s satin hood
before signaling her what she wanted her to do.�
The woman wore essentially the same clothing as Melissa.� The blonde slave girl knew someone approached
her from the sound of the heels on the floor.

Katie dropped silently to her knees
before extending her head forward.� As
her eyes came near Melissa�s bush, she extended her tongue.� The blonde�s body jerked when Katie�s tongue
made contact with her pussy.

She knew the idea was to torment
Melissa, not to make her come.� She
paused before licking the other labia, slowly drawing her tongue upwards.

�Mmmmmmmmmmmm!�

There was little else the buxom
slave girl could say.� She could thrash
about, but that would not cause her to come.

The buxom office assistant knew
what to do to torment the slave girl.�
She established a pattern of slow, sensuous licks, then abruptly
stopped.� She stared up at Melissa�s huge
boobs towering over her head for a few seconds before beginning to lick
again.� This time she let the tip of her
tongue touch the blonde�s lip only enough so she knew it was there.� Then she quickly drew it away again.� After waiting a few seconds, she return to
her old pattern of licking, knowing that blonde slave girl would never know
when she was going to stop again.

Erin poured herself a glass of
white wine from the mini-bar across the room before returning to stand behind
Katie.� She could have freed the other
two, but she wanted them to get used to being bound, gagged and helpless.

She thought of it as �on the job
training.�

Katie could torment the slave girl
this way only so long before she came.�
When Erin sensed that was about to happen, she laid her left hand on top
the kneeling woman�s head.� Katie
instantly stopped.

Now it was time to free the others.

�I want her in the ultimate
training position.�

Katie and Chrissy erupted into
girlish giggles.� Only June had no idea
what she meant.

They freed the blonde slave girl�s
legs.� One girl pulled each leg forward
while another lowered the slave girl�s body toward the floor.� Once she sat on the floor, Erin signaled June
to stop turning the windlass.� She freed
her new slave girl�s hands from their bondage, but kept a firm grip on
them.� She then pulled Melissa back so
she lay on her back on the floor.

Erin made a little circular motion
over the blonde�s body.� When she nodded
they spun her about, using her bare bottom as a balance point.

A wave of her hand got the two to
pull Melissa across the floor. 

In a matter of minutes, Erin had
Melissa�s hands encased in the same cuffs that had held her ankles a few
minutes before.� As she started work, she
signaled June to lower the bar further.�
Katie grabbed it when it was still a meter above the blonde�s body.� As June ran more chain through the pulley,
Katie pulled it toward her feet.

They fastened the blonde�s ankles
to the cuffs where her wrists had been.

�Help her,� Erin said to Chrissy,
gesturing toward June.

The two pulled on the handle,
slowly drawing the buxom blonde�s feet into the air.� In a minute, they had her bottom clear of the
floor so her weight rested on her shoulders.�
Then it was her head and finally she was free of the floor, hanging
upside down.� They continued to push and
pull on the handle until the slave girl was spreadeagled as tautly as she had
been when they arrived.

�June, come over her.�

The newest assistant stood before
the suspended captive, the blonde�s pussy only centimeters from her face.

Erin squatted to remove the
blindfold.

�We are going to play a little game
here.� June is going to lick your
pussy.� Every time you come, you get a
swat on the fanny.� Chrissy, you do the
honors first.�

Erin rose and backed away.

�Go ahead, June.� Make her come.� Katie, you service me.�

The buxom office assistant knelt
with her face between her boss�s legs.�
She had an expert tongue so it did not take long for her to make Erin
forget about Melissa.

Whack!

Erin�s attention was abruptly drawn
back to the blonde when Chrissy smacked her on the bottom with a paddle.

�We�re going to � Oh! � have a
little contest here, June.� If Katie
makes me come more times than you make Melissa come, then you replace her
hanging upside down.�

It was not much of a contest.� Katie had an experienced tongue while June
did not.� The new office assistant lost,
and she lost badly.

�Let her down.� We don�t want her to pass out.�

Her concern was less about the
blonde�s well being than it was in her time schedule.� She had company coming in a few hours and she
did not want to have to take time to bring her slave girl back to consciousness
if she passed out from being suspended upside down for too long.

While the three of them released
Melissa, their boss retrieved a ballgag and a pair of handcuffs from a dresser.

�Here, put these on,� she ordered
June as she tossed the items to the woman.

June pushed the ballgag into her
mouth with the fingertips of both hands.�
With the rubber ball solidly in her mouth, she handcuffed her hands
behind her back.� She could only now wait
until Erin was ready for her.

�We�re going to give Melissa a
lesson in obedience that she won�t soon forget.�

She already wore the collar of a
slave girl so you could wonder what else Erin could do to her.� Making her submissive was on part of her
plan.

She wanted to punish the buxom
blonde for the sheer pleasure of punishing her.

They rearranged the blonde�s
bondage so she now had her ankles secured to the leather cuffs that were in
turn attached to the wood bar.� They
attached the other leather cuffs to her wrists.�
By shortening the overhead chain, they gradually pulled her feet into
the air.� In a matter of minutes they had
her spreadeagled upside down.

�Chrissy, you make her come.� Mandi, every time she comes, you give her a
swat on the ass with a switch.�

The later fairly bounced across the
room to the cabinet holding the various punishment devices.� Chrissy�s task would not be as fun, but it
would have its moments.� It would be fun
making the buxom blonde come because she knew Melissa could not enjoy it.

Chrissy placed her arms on the
blonde�s spread thighs.� Knowing the
ritual well, she first kissed the slave girl�s pussy before licking it.

Bound as she was, the beautiful
blonde could not thrash around as she became aroused.

June was so interested in what
happened to Erin�s latest acquisition that she did not see the woman shuck her
pants, pull up a chair and sit down.

�Come here, June.� You get to practice on me.�

The newest assistant was not
certain how she was going to do that, not with the ballgag in her mouth, but
she knew better than to resist.� She knew
there were more chains dangling down from the ceiling.� If she exhibited the slighted amount of
hesitation, she might find herself spreadeagle upside down.

June knelt before her boss.� Erin leaned forward as she extended both
hands.� She drew the young woman�s head
forward so she could unbuckled the strap that held the gag in her mouth.

She was momentarily distracted by
the sound of a switch striking a supple female bottom.� Melissa had had her fist orgasm, and had paid
for it.

�See if you can make me come before
Melissa does again.�

That could be interpreted as a
threat.� If she lost, would she be
punished?� 

She worked hard but Erin was not
close to an orgasm when Melissa came.�
Chrissie�s experienced tongue knew what to do and she already had the
blonde primed.� Melissa came a third time
before Erin did.

They let the blonde slave girl before
she passed out from being in this position.�
Bound on her back, June licked her pussy while Erin sat on her face so
she could use her tongue on her mistress asshole.

It was getting late so Erin had
them dress Melissa as a French Maid in that adorable little black satin
outfit.� She left her tethered to a ring
on the wall while she returned to help her three assistants dress in their
�traveling clothes.�� In seconds, she had
them bound and gagged in the revealing outfits��
She tethered them to rings on the wall.

Out in the hall she found Dresden
waiting impatiently.

�It�s about time.�

�I have them ready for you.� Do you have the money?�

He handed her a sack.� Being a good businesswoman, Erin emptied the
coins in her hand to count them.�
Satisfied that he had given her the amount agreed upon, she reentered
the apartment where she found him inspecting the merchandise.

The three knew what was going
on.� They struggled, but escape was
impossible.

He secured them in a coffle, one
behind the other.

Erin heard them whimpering in
protest as he led them from the room.

Alone at last with her new
position, she freed Melissa and turned her about.

�You know, Melissa, you are about
the perfect slave girl.� The only
objection I have to your body is that these titties of yours a too big.� I think you knew to be punished for
that.� Come over her and lay yourself
across my lap.�

Once she was seated in that it
chair where June had made her come, she pulled the blonde down across her
lap.� Once jerk down bared her
bottomcheeks.

�I think you knew about
fifty.�� She grabbed Melissa�s long
tresses to pull her head back.� �Fifty
her cheek, I mean.�

Slap!� Slap!

�One.�

Slap!� Slap!

�Two�

Slap!� Slap!

Instead of counting again, she
grabbed a fistful of blonde hair to pull Melissa�s head up.

�I want you screaming and kicking
you legs or they don�t count.� Now, let�s
start again.�

Slap!� Slap!

Melissa responded by screaming as
much as the gag would allow, and she wildly kicked her legs.

�One.�

Slap!� Slap!

�Two.�

It seems that Chrissy, Mandi and
Katie were the fortunate captives.














The stress then pulled out a buckle of red the

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-08-11T00:20:00Z
  2007-08-11T00:20:00Z
  6
  2295
  13082
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  109
  30
  15347
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 95

&nbsp;

Dressed in the outfit of a French
maid, Laura learned how to clean various rooms of the house.� It did not take her long to discover that if
she was too slow, or did not do a good job, she would be punished.� She learned the hard way.� Her bottom was almost as red
as her pubic hair from the numerous spankings she received.

When she finished cleaning a room,
she tethered herself to a ring on the wall.�
The tether chain would keep her from wandering off.� Caroline advised her that was for her
protection.� Next, she locked her own
hands behind her back with a pair of handcuffs.�
The tether chain had no locks, but as long as she did not have use of her
hands, she could get to it.

A whipmistress or guard inspected
the room when she finished cleaning it.�
Regardless of how well she worked, she could expect to be punished.� The inspector would take her down to the
slave girl quarters and secure her to a spanking bar.� Bent over, anyone could see her panties.� She had no idea how long she would have to
wait until she got her just reward.

When she was certain that no one
was looking, sometimes she would bend over to lift the hem of her skirt to look
at the panties.� At least they had given
for a regular pair of panties.� Well, at
least they were more regular than once she had to wearing before.

These panties were panties were
black satin, but they had a twist.� In
the center of the back there was a hole about two centimeters in diameter.� White ruffles lined the hole, drawing
attention to it.

On each cheek, in white satin
letters, were the words �Fuck Me.�

The panties she wore were an open
invitation for someone to fuck her in the asshole.� The panties in back were black satin that
completely cover the cheeks.� When she bent over anyone standing behind her in no trouble seeing
the black satin with the lettering.�
The panties in front were another matter.� The entire front of the panties was sheer
black nylon.� When she lifted the hem in
front, she could see the red heart on her crotch. �She knew she had to a good job cleaning or
they might force her to show off her heart to the public.� Men had been so busy looking at her bottom
that they had not noticed the heart in front.�
She did not want anyone in the house to see it.� She did not want to show off to her sister
slaves either.� The pubic heart was
something she did not want anyone else to know about.

That first time she wore hem, the
guard showed her what the back of the panties was like before the French Maids
dressed her.� She could see the delight
in their eyes at her humiliation.� They
would like nothing better than to see someone take advantage of the invitation
print on her ass.

She had to do more than just show
it off.� The guard put her on display.

�Show us your panties.�

Laura turned, spread her legs apart
and bent over so the hem of the short skirt was lifted to reveal the message on
her bottomcheeks.

The guard moved around in front of
her.� Both hands on her upper back forced
her head lower.� This allowed her to
straddle the slave girl�s head.� Laura
could not resist.

�Look at that tight little
asshole.� I bet it never has been used.�

�Bring that extra large dildo over
here.� It seems to be a waste not to take
advantage of such a lovely asshole.�

Laura whimpered but no one heard,
or at least, no one acknowledged her plaintive wail.

She felt something blunt probing
her asshole.� She tried to draw her
cheeks together, but with her legs spread, there was little she could do.� If they wanted to insert it, there was
nothing she could do.

�If she doesn�t do a good job,
maybe we will use this on her later.�

The beautiful slave girl had no way
of knowing whether they meant it or not.�
She knew she had to do a good job of cleaning to keep from finding out.

They took her upstairs where she
began to clean.� She put stuff away, she
dusted, she swept the floors.� She worked as a perfect French maid.

When she misbehaved was punished by
a number of swats on her fanny. When she was good, she was rewarded.

Even though Caroline had a tacit
agreement with Madison about keeping Laura as a slave girl, the whipmistress
was not certain she could trust her employer.�
She needed to make certain that Madison kept her silence.� And what better way to maintain silence than
to have a rubber ball rightly bound in the blonde�s mouth.� That could only be accomplished with Madison
wearing the collar of a slave girl.

Only then would the Amazon�s
revenge be complete.

�Do you want to see what happens to
Laura now?�

�Is it some new torture?� You know, those titties of hers are just
asking for more punishment.�

�No, actually the opposite is
true.� She is going to be rewarded.�

Caroline had to stifle a laugh at
the expression on Madison�s face.� The
woman�s jaw dropped and her eyes opened wide.�
This was not what she expected for her stepdaughter.

�She is going to be rewarded?�

�Yes, but I think it for she will
not enjoy it at first.� Later, it will be
rather humiliating for her.� Only later
will she enjoy it, but by then it will be too late.�

�I don�t understand this,� the
blonde said, shaking her head.

�One small step at a time, that is all she is required to do.� She takes that step, and she becomes a little
more of a slave girl.� The steps are so
small that she won�t even recognize that she is slipping into a slave mindset.� Just come and watch.�

Caroline took her employer to
another room that would allow them to watch without being seen.� Just in case her plan worked, she had a
device nearby that would allow her plan to take a major step forward.� Little steps for Laura, big
steps for her plan.

They sat in chairs facing a two-way
mirror so they could see what transpired in the room.� In the room before them, a slave girl lay on
a table bound in the same position Laura had been in when Caroline formed her
pubic hair into a red heart.� Another
slave girl knelt at the end of the table with her face in the woman�s
crotch.� From the jerking of her legs,
they could tell that the bound woman was having one orgasm after another.

�That is Vanessa.� She has the best tongue in the house.�

The bound slave girl�s time was
up.� The guard pulled Vanessa�s head back
to get at her mouth.� Knowing the
routine, the captive opened her mouth wide as the woman pulled her head
back.� The guard rammed the rubber ball
into her waiting mouth, then pulled the strap over her
head to hold the rubber ball in back.�
With a jerk on the working end of the gag strap, she insured it would
not come out. 

Vanessa�s mouth was sealed until
they were ready for it.

Vanessa remained kneeling while the
guard freed the slave girl lying on the table.�
She slid her legs about so they hung over the edge of the table.� That slave girl had come so many times that
she could hardly walk.� Once she had her
standing the guard locked cuffs on her wrists.�
Using a leash, she led the woman from the room.� The slave girl staggered as she walked
forward.

�Laura,� Caroline said, nodding in
the direction of the newest slave girl they brought into the room. When Madison
looked closely, she recognized the dark, luxurious hair that could belong only
to her evil stepdaughter.� Other than
that, she would never have recognized her if Caroline had not said something.

�She has been doing such a good job
as a slave girl that she is about to be rewarded.�� Caroline wanted to add, �She will be trying
harder to be even better so she is reward again,� but she did not want the
young blonde to associate what was about to happen to Laura with her being a
slave girl.

She did not want to reveal too much
for fear she would spring the trap too soon.

Laura had never been rewarded for
doing a good job, so she was not sure what to expect.� They pushed her down on table and down for,
her arms to� her
sides, her legs spread and bound to the sides of the table.� Her pussy was available.

They removed the ballgag from the
mouth of the kneeling slave girl.

�Begin.�

She attacked helpless brunette with
her tongue.� Laura had come often when
she had sex with a man as a free woman.�
Now she was learning to come when a slave girl ate her pussy.� 

�So what to
having to store for her now?�

From the corner of her eyes,
Caroline watched Laura writhing about on the table.� She was fastened by the way the helpless
beauty came again and again and again.� 

Slowly tongue slid across her lower
lip as she continued to stare.

The Amazon knew the blonde was
imaging herself in Laura�s position.

�She is about to experience her
first fucking as a slave girl.�

Madison jerked her head around with
her eyes opened wide in surprise.

�Do you want to watch her?�

�Yes.� When?�

�Now for a while.� Right now the tongue of a slave girl is
rewarding her.� With a little practice
she will enjoy being rewarded by the cock of a man.�

�I know she got around, but I heard
rumors that men considered her to be something of a tight ass.� She had sex with a great number of men, but
there were many more she rejected.� I
doubt she will enjoy it when she has no choice.�

�She will with the proper amount of
training.� After all, she is only a slave
girl.�

�So when do we do it?�

�In a couple
hours.� Let her get her strength
back from this ordeal.�

Despite the rubber ball filling her
mouth, the beautiful brunette continued to utter one muffled shriek after
another.

When the appointed time came,
Caroline took Madison to another room that enabled them to see another room on the
other side that had a two-way mirror.� It
was not uncommon for a master or mistress to watch the slave girl being
punished if a slave girl was a former friend. You might not want them to know
who had enslaved them until they were completely submissive. That would be oh
so thankful that you put a slave collar on them..

�You did say that Laura got around
quite a bit with men?�� Caroline asked as
they settled into chairs before the two-way mirror.

�Oh yes.� She is quite used to spreading her legs.�

�Then this will be a novel
experience for her.� No longer does she
have the right to choose who will be between her legs.� She is only slave girl.� Other will decided who uses her, and how
often.� And soon she will learn to love
it.�

A few minutes later, three men
brought the beautiful brunette into the room.�
They forced her to stand with her legs spread so they could bind her
ankles to chains on the floor.� They then
forced her to bend over.� They removed
the handcuffs from the wrists, but then bound her hands before her.� They ran chains from her wrists to rings on
the floor.� The ropes insured that she
could not raise her hands much from the floor.�
She had to remain bent over, with her legs spread, her pussy visible
from behind.

�I understand did this little slave
cunt the does not know what it means to please men.�

The beautiful brunette tried to
look over her shoulder but could not because of her long hair.� She knew what they were going to do to
her.� She also knew there was nothing she
could do to stop them.

One man produced a small
paddle.� He moved to the slave girl�s. left so he was in the perfect position to spank her.� He did not at first.� He merely pressed the paddle against her
bottom.

�Do you want a spanking?�

The brunette shook her head.� She knew that the man could spank her if he
wanted to, but she hoped he would not.

�Would you like to be fucked?�

Laura did not respond to this at
first.� The man rubbed the business part
of the paddle against her left bottomcheek in a slow, circular pattern.� She slowly lowered her head.� The choice was not hers to make.

Whack!

Her head jumped back.� She could feel the pain through the
bottomcheek.

She shook her head up and down so
her long hair floated in the air.� She
would rather have her pussy be a public playground than to be spanked.

�I think she needs more
persuasion,� said a man behind her.

Laura responded by shaking her
head.

�Do you want to be fucked?�

Her answer was enthusiastic
nodding.

�Get the others.� Let us see how badly she really wants to
avoid a spanking.�

Soon there were five guards in the
room.� Had they known she was the stuck
up daughter of their employer, they would have spanked her anyway.� They treated her as they would any other
slave girl.

The man removed the ballgag from
her mouth.

�Tell us what you want.�

�Please fuck me, Master�

�I did not hear much enthusiasm in
that.�

�Please fuck me, Master�

The man placed the want a ballgag
in her mouth.� He secured the ends of the
strap loosely behind her head.� He then
moved around behind her to drop in his pants.�
He started to work on her pussy.

Laura decided she was not going to
enjoy this at all, but her body betrayed her.�
She came twice before the man stopped.

��You enjoy that?�

The brunette stared at the floor
before her without answering immediately.�
She knew how she was going to have to answer.� True, she had done this before, but it had
always been her choice.� Before, she always
decided who she was going to allow into her panties.

That had all ended.� The decision no longer was hers.

Slowly she nodded.

�Would you like it again?�

She nodded.� If she shook her head, they would spank
her.� Being a slave girl meant she no
longer had to make decisions.� She had to
perform on demand.

She nodded.

�Then you�ll have to do a little
work to earn it.�

For half a second Laura thought
they were going to have her do some more cleaning.� That was not the type of work the man meant.

The ballgag they came out of her
mouth again.� The man placed both hands
on the back of her head to forced it down.� Laura leaned forward to take his cock into
her mouth.� The hard shaft was still wet
from her juices.

�Clean it off by sucking on it.�

The crown was in the back of her
mouth.� With his hands holding her head
down, she could not move it.� All she
could do was suck and lick.

After a few minutes, the man pulled
her head up so his cock slid out of her mouth.�
This enabled him to push the ballgag back in.� He pulled his pants up and moved around
behind her. He used his left hand to fondle her bottomcheeks.

�You know, you get a man a sense of
superiority when you half an orgasm.�
Since you didn�t come, I think you need to be punished.� Thank you?�

The brunette shook her head.

Whack!� Whack!�
Whack!� Whack!

�Do you think you deserve to be
punished?�

This time Laura nodded.� She knew she was going to
punished anyway.

Whack!� Whack!�
Whack!� Whack!� 

When the man finished, he passed
the paddle to the second guard was ready to take this time.

Up in the other room, Madison and
Caroline enjoyed the sound of Laura submitting to the men.

�You know there is a very good
chance that by the reception, she will not want to a free woman.� She will want to remain a slave girl.�

Madison smiled broadly.

�That would be delicious.�

They had to speak in quiet voices
as the mirror was not sound proof.� There
was the chance someone in that room might hear them.� Might, but it was not likely, not with the
loud, muffled screams that Laura emitted as she came again and again.

Caroline saw the Madison had
realized Laura was having multiple orgasms.�
She intended to plant the idea in Madison�s head, but it was obvious the
evil stepmother was already contemplating what Caroline wanted.� She wondered how many more times Madison
would have to watch her evil stepdaughter before she would want to take her place
on the table.














Chapter 96

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  20
  2007-08-13T00:12:00Z
  2007-08-13T00:12:00Z
  4
  1634
  9316
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  77
  21
  10929
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 96

&nbsp;

Danielle trotted along at the end of the leash.� Her days as an Amazon had long been
forgotten.� She thought of herself only a
slave girl.

She wore black high-heeled sandals
and � well, that was about it except for shoulder length, black satin
gloves.� Since she was only a slave girl,
she needed nothing else.� The only reason
she wore the gloves was to protect her flesh from the six loops of rope that
bound her wrists together.� Another set
of loops secured her elbows together.�
They had pulled these loops so tight that they pulled her arms together
from the elbow to the wrist.� Though no
ropes bound her arms to her body, the tight loops held her arms in such an
awkward position that she could not move them at all.

Of course, she wore a gag, but she
had not worn a ballgag for several days.�
Wedged solidly between her teeth was a large dildo gag.� The former Amazon responded to the presence
of the shaft in her mouth by sucking on it continuously.

Yes, she had become quite the
perfect little slave girl.

Her money value on the street would
be quite high if Canjac intended to put her up for public sale.� And as an astute businessman, Canjac was
going to take advantage of her value.�
She was excess inventory.� He had
placed a �For Sale� sign on her only a few days earlier and already one of his
best customers was coming from out of town to take a look at her.

Canjac had his own clientele.� He would sell only to those who knew how to
take care of a slave girl.

Two French Maids waited to put her
into her holding position.� As soon as
she saw them, she knew what they were going to do to her.� Her nipples became hard and pointed in
anticipation of what was in store for her.

She let them move her about into
the correct position.� A jerk down on the
leash caused her to fall to her knees with hesitation.� One French Maid knelt before her and another
behind her to get the apparatus on correctly.�
First things first.� They had to
replace the gag in her mouth.� The new
gag was also a dildo gag, but it was different.�
This one was flexible so it could slid in and out, though never so far
that it would could out of her mouth.� 

The gag was part of a harness that
included eye pads.� She would have no
distractions while she was bound.
����������� The two French Maids first
tightened the leather harness about Danielle�s head, pulling each strap tight
so it dug into her head.� When they were
done, the French Maid before her placed one finger on the outer end of the
dildo gag.� With little pressure, she
pushed it into the beautiful slave girl�s mouth.� When she took her finger off, springs on the
harness pushed the dido from her mouth.�
She pushed it in, then let it pop out.

Another dildo went into the
brunette�s pussy.� At the end there was a
ring.� A hook attached a chain to
it.� At the other end, a hook attached a
chain to a ring on the floor.

The French Maid before Danielle
attached a light chain to a ring on the harness above her eyes.� She threaded it through the ring on the
outside the dildo gag, passed it down between her legs where she threaded it to
the ring on the dildo.� The second French
Maid pulled it up where she could attach it to the ropes about Danielle�s
wrists.� They pushed Danielle�s face down
toward the floor.� The French Maid before
Danielle shifted her position so she could use both hands to push the beautiful
brunette�s face down further to the floor.�
They had been well trained on exactly how to do this.� Their reward for doing it correctly was to be
bound in the identical position.� Failure
to perform adequately would result in them being bound in some other position
that would no doubt be quite uncomfortable.

The French Maids next pushed the
dildo all the way into the brunette�s pussy.�
While one held it there, the other attached one end of a spring to the
ring.� The other end of the spring was
attached to a ring on the floor.� When
they removed their fingers, the dildo slid out.�
Not all the way, that would destroy all the fun, but far enough so the
slave girl could feel it.

They were finished with Danielle.

As they moved on to the next slave
girl to be bound, Danielle pulled her head back as she raised her body from the
floor.� Drawn between her bound hands and
her head hardness, the cord forced one dildo into her pussy, another into her mouth.� When she lowered her face to the floor, they
both slid out.� Up again and they slid
in.� Down and they slid out.

No wonder the slave girls loved
this position so.

Quisimoto showed up unannounced at
Canjac�s office later that day.

He brandish the brochure.

�When I heard about the merchandise
you had to offer, I rushed right over here.�

Quisimoto was the High Chamberlain
to the Wizard in Emerald City.� He did
not have a lot to do, but he was well paid for not doing it.

He was one of the few on Canjac�s
list of customers.� Our favorite slaver
would not sell a slave girl to just anyone.�
The man, or woman, had to know how to take care of one.

�Actually I was on my way up the
coast.� I thought I�d stop by to see what
you had.�

�I have a new item I�m just releasing
for sale.� She is more used to wearing
black leather than silk and satin, but she has learned the error of her
ways.� She only wants to please.�

When he mentioned �black leather,�
he winked.� Quisimoto knew he referred to
an Amazon.

�She having a rest period right
now, but I�ll have them bring her out for inspection.� I have a new display room.� I think you will get a kick out of this.�

Canjac scribbled a note for one of
his men before taking his customer down the hall to the display room.

The dominant item in the room was a
pillory.� It was your normal,
run-of-the-mill pillory except it had two posts rising from the floor behind
it.� Dangling down from the top was a
pair of straps.� The posts disappeared
into slots in the floor.

�Have a seat and tell me what�s new
in the Emerald City?�

Danielle was upset that her period
of �rest and relaxation� was being cut short.�
The head harness came off, replaced immediately by a dildo gag.� She had nothing worthwhile to say so a gag of
some sort was always necessary.� The
cords came off her wrists and elbows to be replaced by a simple pair of steel
handcuffs.

At the end of a leash, she followed
the man down the hall to the display room.�
In route, they picked up a couple more French Maids.

Danielle had never been in this
device before so they had to guide her through it.� As soon as the cuffs were off, a French Maid
retrieved a wood box that she set on the floor before the posts.� Danielle knew she was to use it to climb up
on the tops of the posts.� Once they had
her in position, they fastened the leather straps across her upper calves at
the knee.

�You use slave girls to bind slave
girls?� Quisimoto asked incredulously as they helped
Danielle into the pillory.� Once her head
and wrists were in the grooves, they pulled the upper board down.� Each secured a padlock on her side when she
was done.

�They enjoy their bondage.� They hope that by being good little slave
girls, they too will be bound and inspected.�

When they finished, they ran to
Canjac to kneel before him.

�You two want to play with the
toys, don�t you?�

They nodded vigorously.

�Bring them to me.�

They raced across the room to a
cabinet, returning with a long dildo that had two straps attached.

They held the rubber shaft with it
pointing down.� They had used this toy
before so they knew what to do.� He
passed the straps about their wrists so they could not let go, not that they
really would want to.

�Go!� he said to the first when he
finished.� She raced across the room to a
corner.� Standing in it, her back to her
master, she bent over a little to get the dildo in her pussy.� Slowly she pushed it in, then drew it
out.� The second time was faster and the
third even faster.

The other French Maid rushed to
another corner.

Soon the two were moaning continuously
as they caused one orgasm after another.

�If you would like to take a look
at what you are buying�� Canjac said, gesturing behind Danielle.

If she was not gagged, any slave
girl would tell you her most important asset was her pussy.� That was what the two men went to inspect.

Canjac pulled a lever on the
wall.� There was the gentle rumble of
gears meshing and unmeshing.� With a
lurch, the twin posts upon which the slave girl knelt began to pull apart.

�I call this �the Humbler.�� You have to admit that it allows a slave girl
nothing in the way of modesty.� 

�I have found it particularly
useful in breaking the spirit of newly collared slave girls.� Slap them in this, spread their legs, and
then tell them you are going to invite all their friends to have a look.�

He pushed the lever back up to stop
the device.� By then the posts had moved
so far apart that Danielle�s pussy was available.

�A few minutes in this device will
let a slave girl know she has no means of protecting or hiding her pussy.� For good little slave girls like Danielle,�
he said, playfully slapping her on the bottom, �This is a position of
opportunity.�

Quisimoto reached between the
brunette�s spread legs to place a finger on one pussy lip.

�She�s hot already.�

�She knows what this position is
good for.� Would you like to take her for
a test drive?�

�One thing first.� Let�s check on Danielle�s feeling about
this.�

He moved around before the helpless
slave girl to remove her gag.

�How many times would you like to
come, Danielle?�

�T-twenty-five!�

Both men laughed as he re-inserted
the dildo gag in her mouth.� She could
gasp for air around the shaft.� She had
nothing to say, and having the dildo in her mouth while she came was always
good practice.

Besides, having the dildo in her
mouth was a reward.� It reminded her of
the real thing, and it was a badge of status.�
Other slave girls with mere ballgags could only look on in envy as she
sucked the hard shaft.

�Come to my office when you are
done with her.�

Danielle did not come 25 times, but
she came so many times that she convinced Quisimoto that she was a steal at any
price.

When he had finished with her, he
went to Canjac�s office, hurrying before the man could change his mind about
selling her.

The two quickly agree upon a
price.� With that, Danielle was sold.

�I have to go up the coast on
business.� Could you have her shipped to
my home in the Emerald City?� You can add
the freight costs to the price.�

�Certainly.�

�I came across this.�� He pulled a paper from a pocket and passed it
to Canjac.� �Why don�t you use them?� It will save a few thalens.�

The paper was a brochure about a
new shipping company opening an office in town.�
For a limited time, they offered a discount of 10% off any slave girl
shipped by them.

�Twin Moons Shipping Company,�
Canjac read aloud.

Looking up at Quisimoto, he said,
�I have my own company but if you want me to use them, I have no problem.�

����������� Canjac is
good, but not infallible.� Yes, there
will be a problem.

&nbsp;














Chapter 94

 
  CE
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-08-16T16:16:00Z
  2007-08-16T16:16:00Z
  8
  2540
  14483
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  120
  33
  16990
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","sans-serif";}


 

 
  
 






Slave Girls in Bondage

&nbsp;

Chapter 97

&nbsp;

Yvette�s friends picked her up at
the depot, but even then they did not believe she allowed herself to be moved
about like a piece of freight.� Only
Sandy Saloman expressed any interest in this manner of transportation.

She was as tall as the lanky
blonde, but she was a brunette.� Her
boobs were also much larger.

�So what if they make you�do
things?� she asked.

�You enjoy yourself.� You can come as often as you like without
anyone thinking any less of you.�

�At least,� interjected blonde
Clara,� �Since you have a gag in your
mouth, you don�t have to indulge in any meaningless post-sex conversation.�

�Sure. The man pleases you, then he
goes away!�

That evoked laughter from the small
group.

�You mean it doesn�t bother you to
go around naked like a�like a��

�Like a slave girl?� No.�

Without another word, Yvette came
to her feet and began stripping.

�I can�t believe you�re doing
this,� mumbled Pam, slowly shaking her head.�
She took a sip from her drink to keep herself from saying something that
would cause Yvette to stop.

�If you�re ashamed of what you
have�� Yvette said as she stepped out of her slacks.

One by one the others rose and
began stripping down to the buff.� In
seconds, all five were stark naked.

�You actually allow them to tie you
up?� asked Sandy, tempted by the tales Yvette told.

�Sure.�

�Can we do it?�

�What?�

�Tie you up!�

�Sure.� Anybody got any rope?�

That was how it began.� Yvette directed them to tie her hands
together behind her back, palm to palm.� 

�Now take another rope and tie by
elbows together.�

They looped the rope about her
forearms.

�No, you have to make it
tighter.� Pull on both ends of the rope
until my elbows are touching, then loop in about the upper arms before you tie
it.� I won�t be able to move my arms
much, and believe me, I won�t be able to get free.�

Yvette had spent countless hours in
bondage so she was an expert.� Okay, she
was an expert, but not in the manner that someone, say, like Canjac, was an
expert.� She was an expert at being on the
receiving end of bondage.� She knew which
ties would render her helpless and vulnerable.�
(She also knew from experience, which ties would be painful.)

Kathy and Clara did the tying while
Sandy sat before her enthralled by what she saw.� She knew that of the three, the tall, buxom
brunette was the one most likely to want to be tie up with her.

�Get the ends!� Get the ends!�

�Amateurs,� Yvette thought, not
trying to hide the smile from Sandy.� Her
friend put her hand over her mouth to hide the giggle.

�Okay.� There it is,� said Kathy.� �Try to get loose.�

When a professional tied the tall
blonde, her elbows were tightly pressed together.� These two had left a couple centimeters
between her elbows.� Still, she could
move them only a couple centimeters from side to side and her hands little
more.

�You are helpless.�

Kathy was amazed at that she had
been able to bind her friend so she could not get free.

�Being naked is part of the bondage
scheme.� Even though I�m not gagged, I
don�t dare cry out.� Which is worse?� Not being able to get free, or having someone
come to rescue you and finding you stark naked.�

The three giggled nervously,
imagining what is would be like to be found naked by their boyfriends.

Yvette moved across the room to the
sofa.� She sat back with her legs
stretched out before her.

�Would you like a drink?� Kathy
asked.

�Sure.� Someone has to get it for me.� I can�t do it myself.�

�If you want something to drink,
you had better get down on your knees.� I
don�t want that naked butt on my furniture.�

As the other three laughed, the
tall blonde slid off the sofa to the floor.�
No one noticed that she did not blush at being forced to kneel before
her friends.� They did not realize it,
but they were taking the dominant position she wanted them to take.

With her hands bound, Yvette could
not hold the glass of wine.� Kathy sat on
the sofa where she had been a minute before.�
She held the glass down, but as Yvette moved her head forward, she
pulled the glass back.

�Ask for it.�

�Please give me a drink.�

�Who?�

�Please give me a drink, Mistress.�

Kathy gave her one quick sip before
pulling the glass back.

�Please give me a drink, Mistress.�

�My turn!� My turn!�

They passed the glass around the
room, forcing the captive beauty to crawl after it.� When she caught up to it, they would allow
her only a sip before passing it on.

�Please give me a drink, Mistress.�

After three times around the room,
the glass was finally empty.

�It�s lonely down here.� Who is the next to be tied up?�

She was looking at Sandy and it was
not long before the buxom brunette stood with her hands behind her back.� Again, Kathy and Clara used their enthusiasm
to overcome the lack of experience.� They
tied the buxom brunette�s hand together behind her back as they had
Yvette.� They looped the rope half a
dozen times about her wrists, then switched the direction of the ropes so three
more loops cinched the first six.� When
they tied the ends together in a square knot, there was no way the captive could
get free.

Sandy started to turn to face them.

�No!� Stay facing in that direction.� We�re not finished yet.�

The beautiful brunette frowned as
she wondered what they intended to do to her.�
They had bound Yvette so her elbows were together.� Now they intended to use two on her.� Her frown became deeper.� As they realized there was nothing to get
them to stop at just two.

Kathy formed the second rope into a
pair of loops that she dropped over the tall brunette�s body by standing on her
tiptoes.� The loops slipped down to the
captive�s waist.� Kathy pulled them up so
they were above her elbows.

�Hold it here,� she snapped at
Clara.

As soon as she could let go, she
moved her hands to the ends of the rope.�
She pulled them, drawing the loops smaller until they dug into Sandy�s
arms.� She then tied a knot.

�Now I want you to lay face down on
the floor.�

Sandy half turned to look at her
friend.� She wondered what she was up to.

Slowly she lowered her left knew
toward the floor.� Clara grabbed her to
hold her steady while she continued down.�
The movement was not graceful and she would had fallen over had not her
friend held her by the upper arm.

Once the buxom brunette was
stretched out on the floor, Kathy selected a third rope.� She smiled a most wick grin at Clara as she
moved to Sandy�s feet.� She twirled one
end of the rope about as she knelt.

The captive tried to look back so
see what was about to happen to her, but she could only do that by rolling onto
her side.� Before she could think about
doing that, Kathy lifted her left ankle to set it across the right.� 

�Here, hold them up,� she said to
Clara as she raised the brunette�s feet in the air.

It immediately became apparent to
everyone that Kathy intended to bind her friend in a hogtie.� She looped the ends of the rope about Sandy�s
crossed ankles.� There was no need to
cinch these loops, as the pull of the working end of the rope would accomplish
the same thing.� She threaded the end
under the rope about Sandy�s upper arms.�
When she tied the knot, she had the buxom beauty bound in an adequate hogtie.

�Now try to get loose,� Kathy said
with a giggle.

She and Clara poured themselves
drinks as they watched the lanky brunette writhe about on the floor.

�Tell us, Yvette, what is the worse
position you have been bound in?�

�Well, it started out like this.� I was on my back with my legs bound
spread.� They call it the seller�s
position.�

�Why the seller�s position?�

�Tie me in it and you will see?�

At the tall blonde�s direction,
they helped her sit cross-legged on the floor.�
The first rope went about her shins, binding them together.� The next two were tied to an ankle, then run
about her thigh before being tied.

�Tie another rope right in the
middle of my calves with a loop on the inside.�
Make certain the knot is tight.�
We don�t want it to slip.

That took Kathy only a couple
minutes to do.

�Now, lift me up so I am on my
knees.�

That feat took both of them.� When they pulled her up, Yvette had to bend
backwards to straighten out her body.

�Now you have to tie another rope
to the one about my wrists.� Once you
have down that, thread the long end of the rope through the loop at my
calves.� Then pull on it until my hands
touch my legs.�

In order to do that, Clara had to
stand before the captive beauty, pushing down on her shoulder to help arch her
body.� Kathy threaded the end of the rope
through the loop and pulled.� Yvette�s
hands did not quite reach her legs, but where only a few centimeters away.

�Now lay me on my back and be
careful that you do not drop me.�

When they had her on her back (so
to speak), Kathy and Clara stood beside her with their mouths open in
astonishment.� Sandy squirmed around to
try to see what was going on but could not.

�Now you see why they call it the
�Seller�s Position.�

With her legs spread, her pussy was
visible and available.� Since she was on
her back, her tits were in the same vulnerable condition.

Kathy knelt next to her
friend.� The fingers of her right hand
explored the pussy lips, spreading them apart.

�I wander what this would bring on
the open market.�

�Come on you guys��

The two laughed.

�What�s going on,� Sandy asked, a
plaintive whine in her voice.

They were in Clara�s apartment and
though she was not used to tying up other women, she did play around with
bondage.

�You know, the one thing you are
missing, Yvette, is a gag.�

�I have one in my bag.�

�I have one in my bedroom.� It really is quite popular.�

She gave no clue what kind of gag
it was, and when she returned, she hid it from view as she moved around to the
captive�s head.� She fell to her knees
with one leg on each side of the beautiful blonde�s head.

�Open up.�

When the captive obeyed, she jammed
the dildo gag in her open mouth.

�Gurggleguggleguggle.�

Yvette had no objection to a dildo
gag.� She thought it was always good
training.� A well-crafted dildo gag would
feel like the real thing.

The objection she had was the dildo
on the other side, extending a good twenty centimeters from the gag.� She knew what Clara was up to, but bound as
she was, there was nothing she could do to stop the woman from buckling the
ends of the strap together behind her head.

As soon as she was done, Clara
crawled forward a centimeter at a time until she straddled the captive blonde�s
face.� Yvette knew she could have
resisted, but she also was well aware that any attempt to stop the young woman
from doing what she wanted was due to utter failure.

Just be certain, Clara held the
long hard rubber dildo with her right hand to guide the tip into her
pussy.� Slowly she lowered her body can,
forcing the hard shaft inside her.� Her
pussy came closer and closer to event, as face by stopped before then.� The shaft was too long.� 

�She isn�t objecting,� she said to
Kathy with a smile.

The other woman slowly moved around
the two.� When she had made one complete
circuit, she stopped.

�You know, I think it would be more
pleasurable for you if Yvette moved a little.�

�I think you are right.� The woman
leaned forward so she could grab both of the�
captive�s woman nipples with both hands.�
She rubbed her thumb and index finger on them to make them hard.� Then she squeezed tightly.�� Yvette felt the pressure, but no pain.� She knew what the threat was.

�Come on, it.� Move your head up in the air.�

The captive was in no position to
object.� Unfortunately, she was in no
position to move her head much either.�
She did what she could.� Slowly
the tip of the hard rubber shaft moved up inside her friend.� She drew her head down, then up again.� In a few minutes she had Clara panting.� In a couple more a loud cry told everyone in
the building that she had come.

�My turn!� My turn!�

Clara rose so she could get off and
Kathy could get on.� That beautiful woman
slowly lowered herself on to the shaft,�
She closed her eyes and raised her face toward the ceiling.

�You know, she does not have to do
anything.� This feels good just the way
it is.�

�But she has to do her share.� Let her try.�

Kathy leaned forward to put both
hands on the captive�s titties but made no effort to play with the
nipples.� As soon as Yvette felt the
hands on her nipples, she started moving her head up and down as best she
could.� In a matter of minutes she made
Kathy come also.

This was how the two young women
spend the next hour.� They would allow
themselves one orgasm before sliding off an allowing the other to take her
turn.� During the entire time, Sandy lay
there helplessly.

�You know, I think Sandy deserves a
turn.�

Kathy volunteered this because she
was so exhausted from the multiple orgasms that she thought that if she had
another she would not be able to walk home.�
She gestured Clara closer to her so she could whisper in her ear.

�What are you two up to?� Why don�t you just let me go?�

Before doing anything else, the two
got dressed.� They had plans to go out on
the town.� It was supposed to be a
foursome, but the two of them could get all by themselves.� The two captives could play with each
other.� Well, Yvette could play with
Sandy.� She had no say in the matter.� For that matter, Yvette had no say either.

When they were ready to begin, they
flipped Yvette onto her front.� Kathy
figured it would be easier to drag her across the floor this way.� Once they had her on her front, they pulled
her across the room until she was behind Sandy.�
They pulled her forward until the tip of the dildo protruding from the
dildo gag was at the other woman�s pussy.��
Yvette knew what they were going to do so she held her head up.� It took both of them to drag her forward, so
there was no one to guide the hard shaft into Sandy�s pussy.� Once they knew it was in, they gave another
shove.

�Oh!� Oh!�
Oh!�

The two giggled as they moved
around in front of Sandy.

�Well, he said you wanted to join
in the game.�

The two started giggling again.

�Well we are going to go out for a
while.� The two of you can stay here and
play.�

�Hey!� Let me go.�

�And what is more, Sandy, we are
going to leave be the door to the apartment open.� I hope you do not make too much noise.� It would be horrible if you had an orgasm and
everyone in the building heard it and came to investigate.�

Sandy had not thought about
that.� For only concern was being tied a
naked in Clara�s apartment.� She did not
realize that little motion of Yvette�s head moving about a little was pushing
her closer and closer to an orgasm.� She
knew eventually she would come.� Perhaps
not as fast as the other two had when they knelt on the tall blonde�s face, but
she knew they she would come eventually.

�You can not leave the like
this!� Let me go!�

The two started for the door.� They held it opened by did not leave quite
yet.

�Tell me Sandy, would you like a
gag?�

The two giggled.� Sandy realized this was part of their
plan.� She did not like it one bit, but
she knew she was about to begin emitting a lot of embarrassing noises.� She did not want to door open. 

�Will you just close the door?�

�Would you like a gag?� Maybe we will close the door if you have a
nice juicy ballgag in your mouth.� 

Sandy snorted her displeasure.� She was helplessly bound.� She did not know what she could do.� She had to give in.

�Okay.� Give me the gag.�

�That was pretty pathetic.� Let me hear you beg for a gag.�

�Okay. Give me a gag.�

�Still pathetic.�

�Please gag me.�

�I have just the thing.�

Clara rushed from the sitting room
into her bedroom again.� She returned in
less than a minute with a bright red rubber ball.� Kneeling beside Sandy�s head, she rammed the
rubber ball between the buxom brunette�s teeth.�
She pulled the ends of black leather strap behind her head and buckled
them together.

�That should keep her quiet.�

The two giggled as they left the
apartment.� They pulled the door shut behind
them, and Clara was careful to lock it.�
She did not mind playing with her two friends, but she did not want
someone to stumble upon and turned in the two slave girls in their helpless
condition.

Sandy�s first orgasm came five
minutes after the left.� Her second came
several minutes later.� She was working
on a third one when Yvette stopped moving her head.� She responded with a loud grunt.� She wanted to come again.� Yvette was just too tired.� After all, this was a very awkward position.

It was after midnight when the two
arrived back in the apartment.� They
found Sandy and Yvette found in the identical position they had left them.� There was no way the two could escape.

Kathy went to work on Yvette�s
bondage while Clara did the same for Sandy.�
In five minutes they had the two free.

�Well, Sandy.� What did you think?� Do you want to try it?�

�Well it would be nice to come to
the city, but I do not think I have money for the transit.�

Kathy reached into her purse,
pulling out a piece of paper.� She held
it out for Yvette to see.

�Look what we do.� You can save money!�

It was the coupon from the Twin
Moons Shipping Company.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;













Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 98

Charlene looked up from her desk at the clock of the wall.&nbsp; It was the middle of the afternoon.&nbsp; Another workday was almost over.&nbsp; The fun and games though were about to begin.&nbsp; 
She had a description of each incoming coed written on a card.&nbsp; Those who could disappear without drawing any attention had a big �X� drawn in one corner.&nbsp; 
She had divided the incoming crop of freshmen at the Acme Cosmology College into two groups.&nbsp; The criterion for deciding which group a young woman went into depended on a simple mental image.&nbsp; Charlene contemplated what the woman would look like with a slave collar about her neck and a rubber ballgag wedged securely between her teeth.&nbsp; If the image drew a smile to her lips, the candidate went into one pile.&nbsp; The others went into another pile.&nbsp; 
When she was done, she looked at the two piles.&nbsp; The former was much higher than the latter.&nbsp; She had to go through it a second and third time.&nbsp; She could not afford to lose 80% of the new class the first week.&nbsp; It seemed that the college attracted an abnormally high percentage of hot coeds.&nbsp; She had to cull the crop down to a select few.&nbsp; The cosmetology college had to graduate a few cosmetologists to continue to lure new victims, uh, students.&nbsp; 
Since the Amazons had taken over when the cosmetology college, the enslaving operation had worked much better. Everything was much more efficient.
Recruiting was not a problem.&nbsp; Charlene was able to boast about the placement efforts of the college.&nbsp; A beautiful young woman who entered this college had a chance to get a good position.&nbsp; Of course, a good position for a beautiful young woman was that of slave girl.&nbsp; The placement department did its best work in placing the most beautiful coeds into slave collars.
Even in the office, things went much smoother.&nbsp; Charlene had a better staff then Julie had.&nbsp; Well, actually it was the same staff.&nbsp; Only now they wore black leather slave collars.&nbsp; If they did not perform well, they could expect a spanking.&nbsp; Even if they did perform well, Charlene still enjoyed speaking them.&nbsp; She suspected that two or three of them enjoyed receiving the spankings as much as she enjoyed giving them.
The key to motivation was repeated smacks on the fanny with a wooden paddle.&nbsp; The last of the slave clerks to finish her work would be rewarded with a dozen swats.&nbsp; Every error found was another dozen or two.
Charlene looked up as she saw one of the slave clerks rising.&nbsp; All worked on their knees.&nbsp; When they were done, they were allowed to use a straight-backed chair behind them.&nbsp; No, they were not allowed to sit in it.&nbsp; On the seat were cuffs whose chains disappeared beneath the seat.&nbsp; The slave girls would bend across the chairback to get at the cuffs.&nbsp; When one was fastened to each wrist, she could not straighten up.&nbsp; She was bound in the perfect position for a spanking and there was no way she could move from it.
If one of the slave clerks had no errors, she would be rewarded with extra tasks.&nbsp; Dressed as a French Maid, she would start on one end of the dorm to clean the rooms.&nbsp; No, she never got around to cleaning rooms.&nbsp; Dangling down from the ring on her collar with a little tag that read:&nbsp; �I&#8217;m here to clean your pussy.�
Warm, soft coed bodies was her reward.
It was time to take one slave girl to the front of the college where she could continue to serve.&nbsp; She was dressed as a French Maid and was busy cleaning the floor with her tongue.&nbsp; There were three other French Maids in the office, kneeling behind desks.&nbsp; Unless the person was looking for Debbie, they would see only a beautiful slave girl.&nbsp; No one would recognize this slave girl as one who used to be president of the cosmetology college.
The slave girls continued working feverishly as Charlene walked into the outer office.&nbsp; Each slave girl knew she would be punished if she stopped working.&nbsp; 
Charlene first turned her attention to the slave girl cleaning the floor.&nbsp; She could not afford to leave the office while the slave girl was without a gag.&nbsp; That simply was not done.&nbsp; She pushed the rubber ball into the captive&#8217;s mouth before sliding the strap over her head.&nbsp; The ends were buckled together already so all she had to do was jerk on the working end to secure the gag in the little slave girl&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; The slave girl had needed her tongue to clean the floor, but not her hands.&nbsp; As a result, they were still cuffed behind her back.&nbsp; Charlene attached a chain tether to the collar, passed it around a leg of the desk, and fastened the other end to the collar.&nbsp; The slave girl had to remain kneeling with her face near the floor.
The Amazon turned her attention to Debbie.&nbsp; Once she had her hands cuffed behind her back, she attached a leash to the collar.
�Come along.&nbsp; You have work to do.�
Debbie knew what this entailed and did not want to do it.&nbsp; She did not want to do but she was in no position to resist.&nbsp; Charlene indicated she should follow with a gentle tug on the leash.
Before they reach the front of the building, Charlene stopped to remove Debbie&#8217;s black satin outfit.&nbsp; This left, the slave girl wearing only a black satin ruffled garter belt that was used to hold sheer black stockings.&nbsp; On her feet she wore white patent leather sandals with fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels.&nbsp; Charlene tossed the garment aside.&nbsp; Another slave girl would be along soon to clean up after her. There was one thing about the college since the Amazons had taken over.&nbsp; The halls certainly were clean.&nbsp; Of course, there were a lot more slave girls there to do the work.
Charlene tethered Debbie to a ring in the hall out of sight of the front doors.&nbsp; There was no need for Debbie to see what was going to happen to her even though she had done this everyday for the past few weeks, ever since she had returned to the cosmetology college as a slave girl.
Charlene continued forward toward the door where she found a slave girl bound to a post.&nbsp; When she had the slave girl freed, she turned her around and had to bend over.&nbsp; The slave girl put her hands behind her back to make it easier for the mistress to handcuff them.&nbsp; Charlene reached down to slap a tittie.&nbsp; This told the slave girl to straighten up.&nbsp; She immediately turned toward her mistress who was ready with another leash.&nbsp; She attached one in the upper ring on the front of the collar and used it to lead slave girl from the lobby of the building to the hall where Debbie waited.&nbsp; This slave girl found herself tethered to a ring about a meter beyond the buxom brunette.
Now it was Debbie&#8217;s turn.&nbsp; Charlene led her to the post where the other slave girl had stood just a couple minutes before.&nbsp; As soon as she had Debbie&#8217;s wrists freed, she pushed her back against the post.&nbsp; The beautiful brunette brought her arms around the post behind her as she stared straight ahead.&nbsp; Charlene moved around behind her.
There were a number of steel rings screwed into the post.&nbsp; Hanging from them were light cords.&nbsp; Charlene wrapped one about the crossed wrists of the beautiful slave girl.&nbsp; In a matter of one or two minutes, she had Debbie&#8217;s wrists tied together behind post.&nbsp; By tying them to the steel ring, the brunette could not move her arms up or down.&nbsp; Once she had bound her wrists, she looped another set of cords about her upper arms at the elbow.&nbsp; There was no need for her to make Debbie any more helpless.&nbsp; She used the cords to pull her elbows together to make it more painful for her.
Charlene moved around in front of Debbie to take care of her feet.&nbsp; The beautiful brunette immediately moved her legs apart so her ankles were a little wider than her shoulders.&nbsp; The mistress passed a leather cuff to the brunette&#8217;s left ankle.&nbsp; A chain ran from it to a ring on the floor.&nbsp; Charlene scooted over to the other side to repeat the procedure with brunette&#8217;s other ankle.&nbsp; When she was done, Debbie&#8217;s legs were spread with the luscious captive having no way to pull them together.&nbsp; Because of the way of her arms were bound, she could not move her body much besides a little squirming back and forth.&nbsp; Her pussy was available for anyone to see, or play with.
Since Debbie was a slave girl, you would want to take the time to play with her choice parts.&nbsp; She was there to serve and Charlene was going to see that happened.
The final step was to wrap a black leather posture collar about brunette&#8217;s neck.&nbsp; This forced her to stare straight ahead, with her nose slightly in the air.&nbsp; No part of her body could escape the touch of anyone.&nbsp; She was bound in the perfect position to please.
Charlene smiled to herself as she walked down the hall. The finer things in life were all displayed by Debbie&#8217;s position.
So you may ask, what was Debbie&#8217;s job?
That became apparent a few minutes later when a mistress entered the building leading a slave girl.&nbsp; It was customary to tether slave girls to rings on walls inside or outside the building.&nbsp; While there were ample rings outside the doors, any returning visitor knew there was a much better place to tether a slave girl inside.
The mistress led her slave to the captive brunette.&nbsp; Reaching beyond Debbie&#8217;s left shoulder, she removed a clamp from a hook on the post.&nbsp; She attached one end of the leash to the clamp, then grabbed brunette&#8217;s left titties with her left hand.&nbsp; The nipple popped out between her index finger and thumb.&nbsp; She carefully placed the clamp over the nipple and released it so it dug into the tender flesh of the slave.
Debbie&#8217;s deliciously large titties had become nothing more than a hitching post.
The mistress then moved further into the building to transact her business.
Charlene went about her business as well.&nbsp; There were other women who needed and deserve to be turned into slave girls.
In on dorm room, Marty Ferrell finished unpacking her stuff.&nbsp; She did not know it, but her effort was a waste of time as she was destined to wear a collar before the day was over.&nbsp; She stepped back with both hands on her gets to admire what she had done.&nbsp; She turned to look at the door open.&nbsp; In walked her twin sister, Fiona.
Yes.&nbsp; We finally have the arrival of the before (long before) mentioned twins.&nbsp; This duo established new standards when it came to massive mammaries.&nbsp; Not only were they large, there were identical pairs of them.
Charlene had decided to admit them to the college despite their brains.&nbsp; After all they were other things more important than intelligence.
�Don&#8217;t forget, we have to meet with the adviser this afternoon.&nbsp; We have only about five minutes.�
That means they have about five minutes or so until they are no longer free women.
�I will be ready.&nbsp; What you think it looks like?�
There was the typical sibling rivalry between two.&nbsp; Peggy looked at how her sister had decorated the room and stuck her tongue.
Such disgraceful behavior!&nbsp; Fortunately Charlene had better things for the buxom twins to do with her tongue.
So less than five minutes the two were moving down the hall to the meeting room.&nbsp; They had the instructions written on the piece of paper because they were still unfamiliar with the building.&nbsp; They had not met anyone since their arrival, so no one would notice their disappearance.
Charlene had it worked out so perfectly.
Fiona knocked tentatively on the door before opening.&nbsp; No one was in the room though there was a desk there indicating there should be receptionist or a secretary or someone else to make the new students feel welcome.
�Hello?�
Once Marty was in the room, she closed the door behind her.&nbsp; As far as any of the other students knew this was the last any of them would see these two.&nbsp; Marty jumped when the door on the other side of the room open.&nbsp; Through it walked Charlene.&nbsp; They recognized her from interviews before they enroll.
�Hi.&nbsp; I&#8217;m Charlene.&nbsp; Are you here for your orientation?�
Of course they were here for the orientation.&nbsp; They were the only ones scheduled for this time.&nbsp; In about an hour another one or two would arrive, and an hour after that one or two more. Charlene had it all worked out as a schedule.
�Yes, I&#8217;m Fiona Ferrell and this is my sister Marty.&nbsp; We are twins!�
As if anyone could not tell that automatically.
�Well Fiona, why don&#8217;t you have a seat and I will take your sister back here and get her processed.�
Fiona moved toward a chair as her sister passed through the door.
�This will just take a couple minutes,� Charlene assured her.
Once through the door, Charlene motioned the buxom brunette follow.&nbsp; She led her down a corridor toward the back to the building where the dock area was.&nbsp; Before the Amazons took over the building had the use for deliveries.&nbsp; Now it was used for shipments.
At a corner, Charlene stopped.&nbsp; Mary was so close behind her that she almost bumped into her.
�You know, we need a physical first.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you go in here and take your clothes off.&nbsp; There is a robe in on wall.&nbsp; You can put it on.&nbsp; This will just take a few minutes.� 
College so intimidated Marty that she obeyed without hesitation.&nbsp; She stepped through the door and closed behind her.&nbsp; She noticed immediately that there was a lock on it so she threw it to protect herself while she was naked.&nbsp; She looked around and, sure enough, there was a robe hanging from a peg on the wall.&nbsp; She pulled it off and draped over the sole chair in the room.&nbsp; At this point she started to get undressed.&nbsp; There were no hangers for her clothes but there was that peg.&nbsp;&nbsp; She removed her shoes, putting them on the floor beneath the peg.&nbsp; She hung her clothes from it before wrapping the robe about her body.&nbsp; She then waited.
She did not have to wait long.&nbsp; Sure, the door was locked.&nbsp; But the Amazons did not intend for her to go out that way.&nbsp; She heard a thump behind one wall.&nbsp; That was only a distraction, and it worked as planned.&nbsp; She turned toward it so she did not notice a section of the wall behind her opening.&nbsp; The first Amazon through grabbed the buxom beauty with both hands.&nbsp; Her right clamped over the young woman&#8217;s mouth so she could not utter nothing more than muffled grunts.&nbsp; (Yes, the intervening walls were well insulated so Fiona had no idea that he sister was in trouble.)&nbsp; The left arm went about her body, pinning her arms to her sides.
Okay, Marty resisted.&nbsp; When the young woman would not?&nbsp; She kicked and thrashed but it did no good.&nbsp; She was in the grip of a pair of experienced Amazons.&nbsp; They soon had her hands tied behind her back.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first Amazon finally removed her hands from Marty&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; The beautiful brunette tried to scream but when she opened her mouth the second Amazon popped a ballgag between her teeth.&nbsp;&nbsp; She should have known better.
The robe was an expendable item.&nbsp; They cut it from her body.
Her fate was sealed.&nbsp; They pushed her down on the floor so she lay face down.&nbsp; One Amazon held her there while another moved back into the opening to get a spreader bar.&nbsp; She returned in just a few seconds.
They then pulled the brunette&#8217;s legs apart so they could fasten a leather cuff about each ankle.&nbsp; When they were done, Marty&#8217;s legs were forced apart about a meter and half.&nbsp; She could do nothing to pull them together.&nbsp; The second Amazon returned through the opening again with a rack.&nbsp;&nbsp; It consisted of a metal framework resting on four small wheels.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the center of the crosspiece was a pulley.&nbsp;&nbsp; Through the pulley was the chain that they attached to a ring in the center of the spreader bar.&nbsp;&nbsp; By pulling on the other end they dragged Marty&#8217;s luscious body across the floor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Slowly her legs bent at the knee.&nbsp; Centimeter by centimeter her body left before until she dangled upside down from the apparatus. 
The first Amazon unlocked door so the two could push the cart out toward the dock.&nbsp; Marty had a different view of the college from this position.&nbsp; What she could see of it was the walls near the floor.&nbsp; They took her into another room, which was near the loading dock.&nbsp; Two Amazons switched the spreader bar from the cart to a pulley hanging from a track at the back of the high bay area.&nbsp; 
They then took the cart back into the room where they had started.&nbsp; The two reentered the room where Marty had been, removing all traces that she had ever been in.&nbsp; They made certain that they had all of her clothes before moving into the hidden room where they dumped her clothes into a bin where it would be thrown out with the trash.&nbsp; They resumed their places to await their next victim.
When Charlene let Fiona in, they did the same to her as they had with Marty.
Marty did not recognize Charlene when she saw her next.&nbsp; That was not surprising as the buxom coed was suspended upside down from the track.&nbsp; A chain ran down from the track to a ring on a spreader bar keeping her legs spread.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Charlene stepped closer so she could insert the index and middle fingers of her right hand in the captive&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; She pumped her hand up and down as she asked,&nbsp; �Are you have a good time, Marty?&nbsp; Or are you Fiona?&nbsp; I guess it doesn&#8217;t matter any more.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty tried to protest but there was nothing she could do.&nbsp; Besides being suspended in this most undignified position, they had bound her arms behind her back and had stuffed a mouth filling ballgag between her lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Fiona was on the other side of Marty, bound in an identical position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Charlene pulled her fingers out to spin Marty about so she faced her sister.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moving around the dangling captive, she inserted the index and middle fingers of her left hand into the young woman&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; She then pulled her closer to Mandi.&nbsp; She had to give the latter half a turn so the two faced each other.&nbsp; She inserted those two fingers of her right hand in Fiona&#8217;s pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Amazon pumped both hands up and down.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Come on, whoever comes first, I let go.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a lie, of course, but the twins did not know it.&nbsp; Not that they had any choice whether they came or not.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The plaintive cries, of course, were in unison as the Amazon moved hands in unison inside them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While Charlene tormented the captives in that manner, the Amazons had arrived with the wagon.&nbsp; An Amazon working at the college opened a door to allow entry.&nbsp; The accomplished driver backed the delivery wagon inside.&nbsp; Emblazoned on the sides of the wagon were the words:&nbsp; �The Meat Market &#8211; for the best in your dining pleasure.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A team of sixteen ponygirls pulled the wagon.&nbsp; The back of the wagon was little more than a large wooden box since they used it solely to transport slave girls between the college and their headquarters.&nbsp; The Amazons had attached sound proofing material to the inside so anyone more than a couple meters from the wagon would not heard the muffled cries coming from inside
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The driver back the wagon inside, then moved it forward a little.&nbsp; Back a couple of meters, then forward and then back.&nbsp; They had to adjust the placement of the wagon so they could attach a track inside the box to the track in the building.&nbsp; One Amazon riding shotgun turned Marty about so she faced the wagon.&nbsp; It really did not matter what way she faced, but the mistress had a particular way in which she wanted to move the buxom captive.&nbsp; Grabbing Marty by the nipple of each tittie, she backed toward the wagon, dragging the captive with her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman who had opened the door did the same to Fiona.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as one twin was inside the back of the wagon, they pushed the other in.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Closing the door and locking them, they were ready to set off. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Charlene stood on the dock with both hands on her hips.&nbsp; The operation had gone as smoothly as it always did.&nbsp; She glanced at the clock on the wall.&nbsp; She still had forty-five minutes before the next coed would arrive for her appointment.&nbsp; The Amazons had plenty of time to make your delivery at the Amazon&#8217;s compound and return to for a new naked body would hung in on the dock waiting to be transported to a life of slavery











Chapter 99

 Madison made certain she invited Caroline every time her evil stepdaughter was being rewarded.&nbsp; The Amazon pretended disinterest as she stared at the scene through the two-way mirror.&nbsp; From the corner of her eye however, she saw the expression on her employer&#8217;s face, and knew she was hooked.&nbsp; 
Madison watched intently as Laura was rewarded for being a good little slave girl.&nbsp; Every day she fantasized a little more about being in Laura&#8217;s place, with her stepdaughter&#8217;s face down in her crotch, her tongue busy at work.
Finally, she decided to do something about it.
She studied the various slave girls working about the house.&nbsp; Slave girls doing different functions in the house wore different outfits.&nbsp; They all had certain things in common.&nbsp; They were made of sensuous materials, rather skimpy and were easy to remove.
Madison decided which one she wanted to wear.
That created a problem though.&nbsp; She could not very well go down to the slave girl quarters and ask the guards for a slave girl&#8217;s outfit.&nbsp; That would raise questions she would rather not have to answer.&nbsp; She had to be much more subtle than that.&nbsp; She did not want anyone to know what she planned to do.&nbsp; Caroline would have to know &#8211; she could not think of a way of avoiding that.&nbsp; Still, none of the guards nor other employees had to know.
She went to one of the various stores that specialized in attire for slave girls.&nbsp; While it was true that almost every store had it&#8217;s own department for outfitting slave girls, she could only shop in the finest stores.&nbsp; She could not lower her standards.&nbsp; She intended to wear this outfit so it have to be the most exquisite and expensive made.
She pretended to buy a wide range of items that could be for any slave girl a mistress wanted to make sexier than she was by nature.&nbsp; She tried to appear nonchalant as she paid for the items.&nbsp; She imaged that the clerk knew what she was up to and blushed every time the woman looked at her.
Back at stately Blaine Manor, she hurried to her room, locking the door behind her to insure that she was not bothered.&nbsp; Confident that no one would know what she was up to, she dumped the items on her bed.
There were a few items of black leather, but most were pink or white, satin or silk.&nbsp; She slowly extended her left hand to grab one of the items.&nbsp; What she intended to do was somewhat repellent to her mind, but the thought of what it could lead to drove her forward.
The largest item (so to speak) was the miniskirt.&nbsp; Her fingertips felt the smoothness of the satin.&nbsp; She had felt satin before, but always before it had been on the body of slave girls either serving or pleasing her.
Now, if she had the nerve, she would be the one to wear it.
One by one she picked up each item, discarding it after mentally imagining herself wearing it.
She could stall for only so long.&nbsp; It was time for action.
First she returned to the door to insure it was locked.&nbsp; She did not want anyone blundering into her room while she tried those items on.&nbsp; Satisfied that no one would know what she did, she returned to the foot of the bed to begin undressed.
While a slave girl wore few times of clothing (since total nudity was their natural state), the same was not true for a mistress.&nbsp; It took the evil stepmother some time to remove all her clothing.
Then came another moment of indecision.&nbsp; She stared down at the small scraps that they called clothing for a slave girl.&nbsp; Slowly she rubbed her tongue back and forth across her lower lip.
She had never imaged herself doing this.&nbsp; She felt her heart thumping wildly in her chest.
She was scared.
She had never felt more alive.
She grabbed black satin bikini panties.&nbsp; Putting them on should not be a problem (she thought) as she pulled the ends up on her right hip.&nbsp; That was when she discovered that putting the clothing on was more difficult than she had imaged.&nbsp; She tied the strings together in a bow on her right hip.&nbsp; While she worked on her left hip, she kept her legs pressed together to hold the panties in place.
As she drew her hands away from the second bow, she felt the panties slip.&nbsp; This was going to be much harder than she thought.&nbsp; She turned her attention to the bow on her left hip, pulled the strings tighter and retied the bow.&nbsp; She did the same with her right.&nbsp; They still did not feel right but at least they remained stuck to her body. 
The flared, pink satin miniskirt was next.&nbsp; She wrapped it about her hips.&nbsp; Two tiny pearl buttons on the side kept it in place.&nbsp; (This type of button was chosen for it size and shape.&nbsp; One hard jerk on the skirt was enough to make it come loose.&nbsp; Removing the garment from the body of a slave girl could be done in half a second if the master of mistress so desired.)
Madison moved to the full-length mirror to inspect her handiwork.
�Well, at least no one can see my pussy,� she murmured to herself.&nbsp; Not that there was plenty else to see.&nbsp; Her large titties were still visible, and the short skirt made her legs appear to be twice as long as they actually were.
She suppressed a smile.
She enjoyed the look.
She had had trouble getting the panties on.&nbsp; The halter-top proved to be even more difficult to get on.&nbsp; It seemed that no matter how hard she tried; one boob always seemed to stick out.
Once she had herself properly attired as a slave girl, she returned to the bed to put on the pink, patent leather sandals with the 15-centimeter stiletto heels.&nbsp; She was glad there were straps.&nbsp; She doubted she could walk about without having them fall off her feet.
She looked the part she wanted to play, but psychologically she was not ready.&nbsp; She did not want anyone to see her dressed as this, not even Caroline, whose help she would need.&nbsp; 
That first day, she had to be content to parade about her room, imagining what it would be like to go into public dressed in this manner so everyone could see her.
She did not have nerve the second day either.
The third day was different.&nbsp; On the third day she built up enough courage.
She told Caroline she wanted to see her in her room exactly at ten.&nbsp; The Amazon whipmistress arrived on time.
�Come in.�
She remained hidden in her walk-in closet until she heard the door to the hall close.
�Well?&nbsp; What do you think?�
Caroline had to work hard to keep from laughing.&nbsp; Her plan included putting a collar on the evil stepmother just as she had the evil stepdaughter.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her plans included some coaxing, but that had not been necessary. Madison played directly into her hands.
�What is that for?� 
Okay, she already knew the answer.&nbsp; That was why she had invited Madison to see Laura being rewarded for being a good little slave girl. She thought she would have to plant the idea in the woman&#8217;s head, but the wicked stepmother had reached the inevitable conclusion on her own.
�If Laura was rewarded for being good, I think I should.�
�And by that you mean��
�Rewarded by Laura&#8217;s own little tongue.�
�I wasn&#8217;t going to do that.�&nbsp; Madison stared at the Amazon in mock disbelief.&nbsp; �Well, I wasn&#8217;t going to do that to her quite yet,� she thought.
�But you can.�
�Give her a double session of pussy licking and she will be so addled-headed she will do anything.�
�Can we do it now?�
�No.&nbsp; She needs a little further coaxing to make her pliant.�
�How soon?�
�Make it tomorrow.�
�Tomorrow!�
�These things take time.&nbsp; And you aren&#8217;t wearing the proper attire.&nbsp; And have you ever had an orgasm bound and gagged?&nbsp; You might want to experiment first.�
�What proper attire?&nbsp; What do you mean experiment?�
�Just stay here.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll make the arrangements.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll be back in a few minutes.�
The first item was to accelerate Laura&#8217;s training.&nbsp; She had planned to turn the beautiful brunette in a proper slave girl, eager to serve every mistress she encountered.&nbsp; She would have to hurry things up if she was going to please her evil stepmother.&nbsp; Madison appeared almost eager to be bound as a slave girl.&nbsp; Caroline wanted to initiate her into bondage and slavery before she had time to think about what a stupid plan she had.
At the end of her double reward session, instead of having Laura do some other mindless slave girl task, they had her kneel at the foot of the bench while another slave girl took her place on the bench.&nbsp; As Caroline knew, the multiple orgasms had so exhausted her physically and mentally that she did not resist.
�Lick.�
Her face moved forward into the slave girl&#8217;s waiting pussy.&nbsp; While her tongue was untrained, she had much enthusiasm.&nbsp; If she did a good job, she thought, perhaps Caroline would give her another reward session.
Caroline grabbed a few items of clothing for Madison before returning to her room.
�Take those off and put these on.&nbsp; And this.�
The last item she handed her employer was a black leather slave collar.
�I��
She knew the young woman would be hesitant.
�Unless you want all the hired help to recognize you, you have to wear a slave collar.&nbsp; To act like a slave girl, you have to look like a slave girl.�
She then went down to the Blaine household kennels to get a slave girl.&nbsp; She did not have to be experienced.&nbsp; She only had to wear a collar.
She tethered the naked captive to a ring on the wall before knocking on the door.
�Well?&nbsp; How do I look now?�
Besides the collar, she wore a pink satin garter belt that held up the sheer black stockings.&nbsp; Other than the high heels, she was naked.
�No one will ever recognize you.&nbsp; And you are ready for action.�
Madison held her arms out to her sides as she slowly rotated for the Amazon to inspect her body.
�We still need a gag.&nbsp; Do you have a ballgag handy?�
This was one of them great mystery&#8217;s of life.&nbsp; With gags all over the place, there was never one at hand when you needed it.
�In that top drawer.�
Caroline smiled when she opened the drawer.&nbsp; Oh! how she would have loved to use a dildo gag on Madison, but she did not dare, not yet.&nbsp; And later the blonde would be in training for other uses of her mouth other than sucking cock.
�Open up.�
She searched in vain for a pink ballgag, either the ball or the strap.&nbsp; All she could find that did not clash dramatically with the blonde&#8217;s attire was a white rubber ball with a black leather strap.&nbsp; The black contrasted with her flesh, but matched the slave collar.
Before inserting it in her mouth, she turned the beautiful woman around so her back was towards her.&nbsp; After pushing the rubber ball in her mouth and fastening the ends of the strap together at the back of her neck, she pulled the pins down so Madison&#8217;s long blonde tresses tumbled down freely.
�You have to look the part if you don&#8217;t want anyone to recognize you.�
She felt almost embarrassed saying that.&nbsp; She had told the woman the truth.&nbsp; She would have to mend her ways.&nbsp; 
�Sit on the edge of the bed, then lay back so your feet are still on the floor.�
As the blonde did this, Caroline selected two pieces of rope from the same drawer that held the gags. Had three or four ropes not been there, she was certain she would have found them in another drawer, or perhaps in the closet.&nbsp; With the rope dangling down from her left hand, she circled around the foot of the bed to get on Madison&#8217;s left.&nbsp; As she did that, she tossed one rope on the bed to the blonde&#8217;s right.
The first step was to tie a secure hitch to her wrist.&nbsp; Next she felt under the bed for something to which to tie the other end. She expected to find something and was not disappointed.&nbsp; All furniture, beds especially, could be used to secure a slave girl.&nbsp; She found rings about every 25 centimeters along the bed frame.&nbsp; She tied a secure knot.&nbsp; It would not do for her captive to escape.&nbsp; She wanted the beautiful blonde to get used to being helplessly bound.
Moving to the other side of the bed, she did the same.
This left Madison helplessly bound.&nbsp; There was nothing she could do to get loose, but Caroline was far from finished binding her. 
Moving back to the foot of the bed, she moved the blonde&#8217;s knees apart by stepped between them and using her own legs to force her to spread them by leaning forward.&nbsp; From that position, she bent down to grab the blonde by the lower thigh behind the knee.&nbsp; She slid her forward across the bed.&nbsp; Now there was no slack in either rope.
Caroline retreated across the room to get two more ropes.&nbsp; She tied one to the blonde&#8217;s left ankle, then raised it toward the bedpost on that side.
The most common bed was a four-poster.&nbsp; What better torment for a slave girl than to be bound to the foot of a bed, able to listen (and watch if she was willing to risk the punishment), but not to partake?&nbsp; Any slave girl would be willing to be good after such a session so she could share the warm of her master&#8217;s or mistress&#8217;s bed.
Sleep deprivation was a common device used in training slave girls, it was not uncommon to tie new slave girls to bedposts with their legs spread.&nbsp; They knew what could happen to them, but bound standing, they could not sleep.&nbsp; The willingness to trade the harshness of a bedpost for the comfort of a bed foe was usual.
Then there was the matter of using the bedpost as a means of presenting the slave girls for presentation.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t know which of two (or three or four) you want to share the comfort of your bed?&nbsp; Select all of them and have then bound to the bedpost.&nbsp; You would think that a woman securely bound to a bedpost would have no means of making herself more seductive, but slave girls always found a way.&nbsp; 
And if the one you chose is not particularly responsive to your desires?&nbsp; No problem.&nbsp; Simply bind her again to the bedpost where she can contemplate the error of her ways.&nbsp; There always is at least one there ready to replace her.&nbsp; (And the second choice will always want to please.)
Then of course there is the situation where your girl friend is the original Miss Tightass.&nbsp; Make her perform for you as a slave girl, then when it comes bedtime, she is bound to a bedpost, forced to listen while some other slave girl pleases you.
Back to our two.
Caroline tied the other end of the rope to the bedpost at eyelevel using a clove hitch.&nbsp; This kept the blonde&#8217;s leg raise and spread.&nbsp; When she repeated the process with her right leg, Madison was extremely vulnerable.
The whipmistress stared down at her employer with her pussy exposed.&nbsp; The beautiful blonde could do nothing to protect herself.&nbsp; She could not cry out.&nbsp; (Bound naked in this position, she would not want to.)
�All is right with the world,� thought the Amazon, suppressing a smile that would alert Madison that she was walking into a trap.
�In this position, she will think you are just another slave girl.�
Madison did not know to whom the Amazon referred.&nbsp; She watched her leave the room.&nbsp; She wanted to grunt her displeasure when she left the door to the bedroom open, but Caroline appeared back in sight a few seconds later leading a slave girl.&nbsp; Madison was disappointed it was not Laura (the hair color was not right), but she now understood the woman&#8217;s earlier statement.&nbsp; The slave girl would think her only another slave girl.
�Make her come a lot and maybe you will be rewarded.�
Kneeling at the foot of the bed between the captive&#8217;s legs, the slave girl had easy access to the helpless woman&#8217;s pussy once the ballgag was gone from her mouth.
Madison closed her eyes as the slave girl began licking. She wanted to control the movement and position of her head by holding firmly, but could not because she was bound.
The first orgasm came after only a minute&#8217;s work by the little slave girl.
The second came even faster. 
Madison jerked on the ropes holding her arms spread.&nbsp; The slave girl controlled her orgasms, and was not content until the woman suffered through one after another in rapid succession.
She lay there for half an hour once Caroline had the slave girl stop.&nbsp; Perhaps, she had enjoyed more orgasms in a shorter period of time, but never when she was unable to react.&nbsp; All she could do was lay there and come.
Any doubts she might have had about being bound and eaten by Laura were dispelled by the actions in her bedroom.&nbsp; She could not wait.
�Just dress, bind and tether yourself in your bedroom after lunch tomorrow.&nbsp; I will come and get you if I don&#8217;t see you downstairs before then.�
Caroline had said after lunch, but Madison decided on an early lunch.&nbsp; She returned to her room to put on what had become her favorite outfit:&nbsp; the garter belt, stockings and high heels.&nbsp; She slipped the black leather collar about her neck before removing the pins from her hair.
That left only the handcuffs and the tether line.&nbsp; Caroline had told her to cuff and tether herself, but she knew that order would not do.&nbsp; She found a spot behind the door (where she would not be visible to anyone opening the door and looking in the room) where she attached the chain tether.&nbsp; She placed the steel handcuffs on her right wrist before attached the tether to her collar.&nbsp; Once she had her hands cuffed behind her back she was helpless.
Caroline intended to take her employer down to the room immediately after lunch.&nbsp; She wanted the young blonde to get used to being bound so she would think nothing of it when she sprung her trap on her.&nbsp; She did not realize that Madison had dressed and tethered herself early in anticipation of the afternoon&#8217;s play.&nbsp; The captive stood in the solitude of her room for almost an hour before the Amazon came for her.
Caroline said nothing, treating her as she would a slave girl.&nbsp; She freed the end of the tether chain from Madison&#8217;s collar, but immediately replaced it with a standard leash.&nbsp; She tugged on it twice, indicating Madison should follow her.&nbsp; 
She laid the blonde on her back on the bench.&nbsp; Straps across her body secured her body to the bench so she was bound in the same position she had been on the bed.&nbsp; When she had the blonde bound in the position of any slave girl to be rewarded.
Caroline smiled as she left the room.&nbsp; Sure, she could have had Laura lick her evil stepmother, but that would have been no fun.&nbsp; She wanted to get even with Madison so that meant playing a little trick on her.
The slave girl she had selected to eat Madison looked like Laura superficially.&nbsp; She had about the same build and had the same color of hair.&nbsp; Bound on her back on the bench, she would not be in a good position to see who was servicing her.&nbsp; Perhaps she would be able to see the top of the head and the forward.
After she had the slave girl sent to the room, she went to the secret room with the two-way mirror where she was able to watch Caroline go through one massive orgasm after another.&nbsp; 









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 100

The Amazons removed the twins from the back of the wagon in the same manner that they put them in.&nbsp; An Amazon insert the index and middle finger of her right hand in the woman&#8217;s pussy, and pulled forward.&nbsp; The track was well greased and the rack had roller bearings so the suspended captive moved easily.
This was humiliating position for a woman to be in, and it was even more humiliating to be moved about this way.&nbsp; Since she was about to become a slave girl, it was only fitting that she become used to this type of treatment.
The Amazons were now ready to turn the new captives into slave girls.&nbsp; The usual pattern would be used.&nbsp; The two would be spanked until they would agree to wear a collar.&nbsp; Since the mysterious disappearance of Cathy, the Amazons had come up with different ways of doing the job.&nbsp; They all were experienced, so they had little trouble in devising new ways of torment to force a young woman to become their slave.
Before letting either of the twins down from their humiliating position, they put the high-heeled sandals with fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels on their feet.&nbsp; They were certain that they would try it sometimes to foolish like trying to run away.&nbsp; In those heels, it would take only a few steps before they realize that escape was impossible.
Besides, it was a good way to start their training.
They finally lowered the two to the ground.&nbsp; The usual way of handling a slave girl was used.&nbsp; A chain leash was passed around the woman&#8217;s neck and the end attacked to a link further along in the chain.&nbsp; This would serve as a collar and chain leash without the woman actually wearing a collar.
Deirdre started to do this when she had an idea.
�Hold it!&nbsp; Hold it!&nbsp; I have an idea!�
She raced across the room to get several pieces of rope.&nbsp; As she returned more slowly, she tied a slipknot in one end of a rope.&nbsp; She slipped it over the young woman&#8217;s left tittie.&nbsp; She pulled it so tight that she was certain it would not come off.&nbsp; She then formed a clove hitch in the rope and slid it over Marty&#8217;s right tittie.&nbsp; When she pulled it tight, the section of rope between the knot and hitch drooped down to her navel.&nbsp; The Amazon ran around the captive so the rope passed around her back.&nbsp; She tied the end to the loose end of the slipknot.&nbsp; 
Grinning broadly at her ingenious idea, she attached the end of the chain to the rope between the titties.
Once they realized what she was doing, the Amazons began to laugh.
The buxom coed was going to be led around by her big tits.
No doubt Marty would find a collar and a leash a big improvement.
Two Amazons started to work on Fiona in the same manner.&nbsp; With two working the ropes, it took less than a minute to secure her as they had Marty.
In those impossibly high heels, two staggered deeper into the Amazon&#8217;s complex and their doom
Since there were two of them, they decided to force them to submit together.
They call the device �the horse.�&nbsp; They called them that not because it looked anything like horse, but rather because they use them in a race.&nbsp; They called it �a horse race.�
The horse consisted of a leather-covered block about a meter and a half high mounted on two meter-high posts.&nbsp; The block was 1/3 meter wide 1/3 meter high.&nbsp; On either side of the block there was a narrow platform about twenty centimeters wide.&nbsp; The whole device was angled so the far end was about a third meter lower than the near end.
The two horses sat on metal tracks.&nbsp; The tracks were shaped somewhat like a figure 8.&nbsp; It was straight for about eight meters.&nbsp; At each end the track formed a loop so that following the track would cause the horse to circle around.&nbsp; The track on the left circled to the left while the horse on the right circled to the right.&nbsp; Once the circle was finished, the horse would come back down the track toward the beginning.&nbsp; To make life simple for the Amazons, they had a loop at the near end so they could easily turn the horse about.
It was toward the horse on the left that they led Marty.&nbsp; She did not complain or hesitate as they had no qualms about applying a switch her titties. She had tried and had been reward for her effort.&nbsp; The Amazon holding her leash moved to the far end of the horse, but held the leash so that she had to stand at the end of it. 
An Amazon came up behind her to remove her handcuffs.
�Climb up on the horse so you kneel on those two platforms.�
She gave the buxom woman a shove toward the horse.&nbsp; There could be no doubt what she meant.
For half a second, Marty thought about trying to escape but she was naked and wearing high heels.&nbsp; She knew she would not get very far.&nbsp; She was also well aware that there were several Amazons standing around with switches.&nbsp; She knew they waited for half an opportunity to use the switches on her bare bottom.
Placing her hands on the end of the leather covered block, she pushed herself up so she straddled the block with one knee on each platform.&nbsp; An Amazon grabbed each arm to pull her forward.&nbsp; She plopped down on top the leather covered block with her head dangling over the far end, her tits squeezed out on each side.&nbsp; The Amazon on each side of her pulled her arms down so her forearms rested on the platform.&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course they did not intend on letting her remain free.&nbsp; They fastened a strap across her forearms at the elbow and a second strap across her wrist.
Once again she was helplessly bound.
At the same time an Amazon fastened a strap across her upper calf near the knee.&nbsp; A second strap went across her upper thigh, pinning her body against the end of the block.&nbsp; When they were done, she could move no part of her body except for her hands and feet.
Marty could not see the sight that her bound body presented from behind, but the Amazons could to admire it.&nbsp; With her legs spread apart, they had an unobstructed view of her pussy.&nbsp; She might feel embarrassed this position, but within a day or two she would think nothing to showing off the most private parts of her body to please her mistresses.&nbsp; At least when she eagerly performed for her mistresses, they were less likely to punish her.
They next attached a clamp to each pussy lip.&nbsp; Attached to the clamp was a cord that ran underneath the block to Marty&#8217;s head.&nbsp;&nbsp; An Amazon used both hands to raise the beautiful woman&#8217;s head so she stared straight ahead.&nbsp; Another Amazon working on each side and attached the end of the cord to the gag strap at her mouth.&nbsp; If she raised her head at all, the clamp would tighten on her pussy.&nbsp; The Amazon standing before the naked captive kept a tight grip on her head as the same two Amazons attached another pair of cords to the clamps.&nbsp; These they ran the top of her body and over her shoulder to the gag strap.&nbsp; They attached them in the same manner.&nbsp; Now if she lowered her head the same thing would happen to her pussy.
All Marty could do was stare straight ahead.&nbsp; If she moved her head in any direction &#8211; up or down, right or left, or a combination of any two &#8211; the cords would pull on the clamps, causing them to pinch this most sensitive part of her body.
She remained bound like that as they brought Fiona forward and bound her in an identical position on the horse next to her.
To insure the horses would move, they added a couple slave girls in front of each.&nbsp; Except for the ubiquitous high heels, all were naked.
The Amazons fastened a leather belt about each slender waist.&nbsp; In back was a ring to which they attached a chain.&nbsp; As the slave girl moved forward, they would pull the horse along.
The Amazons could do nothing quite this simple.&nbsp; When they had the slave girls tethered to the horse, they had them bend over with their legs spread.&nbsp; A chain between the collar and the belt insured they could not straighten up.&nbsp; Into the available asshole they inserted a dildo mounted on a rod.&nbsp; The rod was attached to a cogwheel under the horse.&nbsp; As the bondage device rolled across the track, the cogwheel caused the rod into move forward and back, driving the dildo into the slave girl&#8217;s ass.
The movement forward though did not match the movement backwards.&nbsp; The dildo was tapered so the further it went in, the larger the diameter was.&nbsp; (And of course, the larger the diameter, the more it hurt.)&nbsp; If the slave girl was not released, or at least had the device reset, the shaft would drive deeper into her and be much more painful.
It was now time for the horse race.&nbsp; 
�We are going to have a little race.�&nbsp; Ginger addressed the two, standing between their heads where they could see a little of her from the corner of any eye.&nbsp; �The winner will have the chance to beg to be a slave girl.&nbsp; And. Girls, believe me, this is an offer you do not want to turn down.&#8217;
The method of race was quite simple.&nbsp; The Amazons paired up so there were two on each team.&nbsp; When the signal was given to start, and the Amazons delivered a mighty blow to the bare fanny of the slave girl.
Whack! 
Of course the naked women reacted.&nbsp; They raised their heads, causing the clamps to tighten on the pussy lips.&nbsp; They now had pain above and below their bodies.&nbsp; They would soon learn to pull their heads up to accept the punishment as it happened.
Whack!
The slave girls began pulling the horse forward..
Whack!
A few centimeters more.&nbsp; Marty was a little ahead of her sister, but Fiona was not that far behind.
Whack!
That was how the race was conducted.&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; The blow on the bare bottom drove the naked women forward.&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; At the beginning of the circle the device turned left for Marty, right for Fiona. Whack!&nbsp; Around the circle it went.&nbsp; At the midway point&nbsp; the Amazons changed places with a new set of four.&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Marty and Fiona began the slow-movement back toward the beginning of the race.&nbsp; Whack!
The winner was the woman who reached the finish line first.&nbsp; She had no means of controlling what happened to her.&nbsp; Whether she won or not depended on the two slave girls pulling her.
Fiona was the winner.&nbsp; They gave her the option of her fate.
�Do you want to be a slave girl, or do you want to take another trip around the track?�
The beautiful captive sobbed continuously from the paddling she had received.&nbsp; She could not grunt an answer, nor could she nor shake her head.
�No answer.&nbsp; I take that as a refusal.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s give them another circuit around the track.�
The four slave girls were directed to pull the horses around the loop so they faced back in the direction of the track.
They hoped the dildos would be reset but that was not to be.
�Go!�
An Amazon placed her foot on the track before the left rear wheel of Fiona&#8217;s horse to keep it from rolling forward.&nbsp; This did not stop the Amazons from flailing away at the buxom captive&#8217;s naked bottom.&nbsp; The captive writhed about but could do nothing to stop the spanking.
They let Marty get enough of a head start so Fiona could see her bottom.&nbsp; She saw the multiple red marks, but did not notice them.&nbsp; Her only concern was the burning on her own bottom as the Amazons continued to pound away.&nbsp; 
When the Amazon finally removed her foot so the device would roll forward, Fiona wanted them to hurry forward so she would win.&nbsp; They had this planned so the head start Marty had would be insurmountable.&nbsp; Fiona had just completed the turn when her twin sister crossed the finish line.
Marty had no trouble making a decision.&nbsp; She wanted to be a slave girl.
She would have begged for a collar if she did not have a ballgag rammed into her mouth.&nbsp; She placed her throat in the waiting collar quickly.&nbsp; (She was afraid that if she exhibited the slightest hesitation, they would renege on their offer and put her back on the horse.)&nbsp; After that, she had to thank each Amazon for turning her into a slave girl.&nbsp; This she did by using her tongue.&nbsp; When each Amazon was satisfied, she pulled the buxom slave girl over her lap so she could give her a quick spanking.&nbsp; Then it was back on her knees to thank her mistress for the spanking.&nbsp; 
When that Amazon was done, two others dragged her to the right where another Amazon waited seated with her legs spread.
Fiona was not idle during this.&nbsp; Besides having her buttocks exposed for a spanking, her asshole was available also.
The Amazons fastened a dildo harness gag about the head of a slave girl.&nbsp; They positioned her so she could explore Fiona&#8217;s asshole with the tip of the dildo.&nbsp; The shaft was far too large in diameter for her to get it in but that was not the Amazons&#8217; goal.&nbsp; They just wanted their buxom captive to know they could violate her that way if they chose.&nbsp; The young captive squealed continuously at the thought of what was about to happen.
When they were finished with Marty, they dragged her over in front of her sister.&nbsp; She replaced the two slave girls who had dragged Fiona around the track.&nbsp; They positioned her in front of the horse with the dildo against her asshole.&nbsp; The device worked the same as it hand on the other slave girls.&nbsp; The device would move forward and back as the horse moved forward.
�Begin.�
Four slave girls worked on the twins&#8217; bare bottoms.&nbsp; Two pummeled Fiona&#8217;s while two other paddled Marty&#8217;s to force her to draw the horse forward.
Down the track they went, one slave girl pulled the horse with her sister on it.&nbsp; At the end they made the turn.&nbsp; Back down the track they came until they arrived at the beginning.
Surprise of surprises.&nbsp; Given the opportunity to become a slave girl, Fiona chose that fate.
She found herself on her knees, a slave collar about her neck.&nbsp; She then thanked her mistress using her tongue.
The next shipment of coeds had not arrived yet, so Marty joined her sister on her knees pleasing the Amazons.
The two had worked their way about halfway down the line when a cry told the mistresses that they had another shipment.
The Amazons were ready to take these two on to the next level of training.&nbsp; Two more experienced slave girls waited to beginning training these two.
They moved Marty to another room where the slave girls waited.&nbsp; They had her stand with her feet spread so they could fasten leather cuffs to her ankles.&nbsp; Short chains ran from those cuffs to rings in the floor.&nbsp; Once fastened, the buxom slave girl could not draw her legs together.
The other slave girl was chained up facing her.
The handcuffs were removed, but this was only temporary.&nbsp; Any experience slave girl would know that, but Marty still harbored some false hope that this was all a bad dream and that they would free her.
They left the cuffs attached to Marty&#8217;s right wrist.&nbsp; They pulled her left hand down between the other slave girl&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; When she realized what they wanted her to do, she tried to resist.&nbsp; They pushed her index finger into the slave girl&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; They had to hold her hand in that position as she tried to pull her finger out as soon as they inserted it.&nbsp; They then attached the second cuff of the other slave girl&#8217;s handcuffs to her wrist.
They did the same to the second slave girl, sticking her index finger into Marty&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; The other half of Marty&#8217;s cuffs was attached to the second slave girl&#8217;s wrist.&nbsp; This forced her to keep her finger in Marty&#8217;s pussy.
The next step was to remove the ballgags from the mouths of the slave girls.
As soon as they were out, the Amazons pushed their faces together.
�Kiss.&nbsp; Open mouths.&nbsp; Use a lot of tongue.�
The instructions were for Marty, as the other slave girl knew what to do.&nbsp; Not only did she used her tongue in kissing the buxom slave girl, she wiggled her finger about, jamming it up and down to arouse her sister slave.&nbsp; 
Marty did not want to finger the other slave girl into coming, but after her second orgasm, she discovered she could not help herself.&nbsp; She was aroused.&nbsp; She enjoyed kissing this other slave girl, and she did not want to stop.
That was not her decision though.&nbsp; When they judged that she was enjoying kissing another slave girl, it was time to move on to the next phase of her training. 
The Amazons spent the rest of the afternoon training Marty and Fiona in the correct way to act as a little slave girl. The first thing they did was dress them in appropriate outfits.&nbsp; This was not the traditional slave girl&#8217;s outfit, but something that allowed the two to show off their ample charms.&nbsp; 
The upper part of the outfit consisted of a half bra that lifted slave girl&#8217;s titties without covering the nipples.&nbsp; The item was black satin so it contrasted delightfully with the white flesh of the slave girl.
The bottom was a black satin flared skirt.&nbsp; In front it was just long enough to cover the pussy.&nbsp; There was no back to speak of.&nbsp; There was merely a strap across the lower back so the wearer&#8217;s bare bottom cheeks were uncovered.&nbsp; The bright red cheeks contrasted with black satin.&nbsp; Everyone would know these were new slave girls.
They were taught how to move around on a leash, how to kneel and how to rise.
When they did the job well, they were rewarded by being allowed to please their mistresses.&nbsp; The slave girls, who did not perform well, were forced to kneel and watch.&nbsp; The Amazons knew that soon they would soon be envying the attention their sister slaves received.
Since we last saw the Amazons turning young women into slave girls, they had added new equipment.&nbsp; The fact that Marty and Fiona were sisters only made it more delightful.
The device consisted of a large real approximately two meters in diameter.&nbsp; The wheels were a set of double cogwheels with the teeth on the outside.&nbsp; Within the floor were more elaborate wheels that could cause the wheels to rotate about.&nbsp; On the inside were straps to secure the slave girls.
Fiona was first.&nbsp; They had her strip down stark naked.&nbsp; They pushed her into the device so that she faced them.
�Spread your legs far apart.�&nbsp; They then the lack leather cuffs about her ankles and secured them.&nbsp; She stood there with her hands still cuffed behind her back.&nbsp; They turned the wheel so Fiona on upside down.&nbsp; Two Amazons held her to keep her from falling to the side and hurting herself.
Now it was Marty&#8217;s turn.&nbsp; They pushed her forward so her naked body was pressed against Fiona&#8217;s.
�Now spread your legs apart�
Once they had her bound as they had Fiona, they freed her hands.&nbsp; An Amazon moved around to the other end of the device, standing behind Fiona.&nbsp; She took Marty&#8217;s wrists to pull them behind her sister&#8217;s body.&nbsp; Another Amazon joined her to tie the buxom slave girl&#8217;s wrists together so she had Fiona&#8217;s waist in a tight grasp.&nbsp; She looped the cord about the young woman&#8217;s wrists six times before cinching them with four more loops.&nbsp; They wanted to insure that there was no chance the captive could move at all.
They rotated the device.&nbsp; When Fiona was standing upright and Marty was upside down, they freed Fiona&#8217;s hands and pulled her arms around her sister&#8217;s waist.&nbsp; In a minute they had her bound as they had her sister.
Now it was time to remove the gags.&nbsp; Once it was out of Fiona&#8217;s mouth, an Amazon pushed her face forward so her mouth was against her sister&#8217;s pussy.
�Eat her.�
As she began licking, the devices rotated around until Marty was the one standing upright.&nbsp; She began to squirm in delightful at wonderful sensations pulsated through her body.&nbsp; They removed her gag and pushed her face forward.&nbsp; She needed no orders as she&nbsp; began to look.
The Amazons stepped back.&nbsp; For almost a minute they stared at the two before nodding.&nbsp; One moved to a post behind the wheel to pull down a lever that caused the wheel to begin rotating slowly. Neither slave girl spent so much time upside down that it affected her.&nbsp; Each was conscious the entire time.&nbsp; All she could do was continued to lick as she held tightly to her sister.
The orgasms began to come as the wheel completed its third circuit.&nbsp; After the first one, each succeeding one came much faster.&nbsp; Faster and faster the orgasms came.
�I think they are okay.�
The Amazons then brought two more new slave girls to an adjacent wheel where they bound them in the same manner. In a few minutes they had all the new slave girls rotating around, licking each other.
That was how Marty and Fiona spent their first night as slave girls.&nbsp; In the morning they were so exhausted by their multiple orgasms they were willing to do anything.&nbsp; They crawled from Amazon to Amazon, eating pussy on the order.
They had completely forgotten that one day earlier they had been coeds.









Chapter 101

Time had come to move the little slave girls from point A to point B.&nbsp; 
Danielle had no idea that she had been sold and since she was only a slave girl she did not have to know.&nbsp; She had only to obey whoever held her leash.
They dressed her in what could be considered the normal slave girl&#8217;s outfit.&nbsp; The twin satin cups barely covered her large titties.&nbsp; The panties were black satin so they contrasted nicely with the pink satin miniskirt.&nbsp; Whenever she moved a flash of black satin was visible.
Once she was dressed, a French Maid led her down the hallway to the high bay area.&nbsp; Danielle soon found herself tethered to a ring on the wall next to the door.&nbsp; She had nothing to do but wait.&nbsp; She stared at the wall before her as they had taught her. 
Eventually a courier form Speedy Delivery arrived.&nbsp; Once all the proper paperwork was in place, the beautiful slave girl was led out.&nbsp; The courier attached the end of her leash to a ring on his saddle.&nbsp; He gave her no orders.&nbsp; He did not have to.&nbsp; She was a well-trained slave girl who knew what to do.
When he started the horse forward, she followed.&nbsp; The courier did not have the horse move quickly.&nbsp; That was fortunate for the beautiful slave girl, as she could not move quickly in those high heels.&nbsp; Her legs moved quickly but she could only take short steps.&nbsp; The courier had moved many slave girls about town so he knew the proper pace to take.
Danielle had been in this town for years as an Amazon, but, wearing the collar of a slave girl and being led by a leash, she soon lost track where she was.&nbsp; They passed down one street after another.&nbsp; The route avoided the town square, which would have allowed Danielle to orient herself as to where she was.
Their destination was the shipping office.&nbsp; All these signs about it indicated that it was brand-new.&nbsp; These were temporary signs indicating that, perhaps, a permanent place would be established at a later time.&nbsp; The courier dismounted and tied up his horse.&nbsp; He had to do nothing to the slave girl, as he knew that she was going nowhere.
He entered the office through the front door.&nbsp; Presenting Danielle&#8217;s papers, he soon made arrangements for her to travel to the Emerald City by the Twin Moons Transport Company.&nbsp; Nothing had to be done except verify that the item delivered was the one designated to be shipped.
One woman who worked for the company followed him outside.&nbsp; He removed the end of the leash from his saddle, handing it to the woman.&nbsp; She inspected the slave girl as though she was interested in buying.&nbsp; The man paid no attention as his job was done. He mounted and rode off for his next job.
�You certainly are a cute one, aren&#8217;t you?�
The woman shortened her grasp on the leash, pulling the beautiful slave girl toward her.&nbsp; Her left hand moved to the brunette&#8217;s right tittie so she could squeeze it a few times.&nbsp; Danielle did not react.&nbsp; She enjoyed having someone, a man or woman, playing with her body.&nbsp; She knew that her sexy body and beautiful face were the only reasons for her existence.
When the woman had finished, she led slave girl into the building through the slave girl&#8217;s entrance further down the side of the building.&nbsp; Danielle took her place in line with five other slave girls.&nbsp; In the next hour four more joined.&nbsp; Soon they had the full complement to start off.&nbsp; This inaugural journey of the Twin Moons Transport Company would have two wagons full of slave girls.&nbsp; Once the little caravan was outside the city walls, two more would join them.&nbsp; They knew that the slave girls with Danielle were registered in town.&nbsp; Nobody really cared about those outside the walls.
When it came time for wagons to leave, they stripped the slave girls down to their high-heeled sandals.&nbsp; They then bundled them into the back of the wagons.&nbsp; The little caravans started out.&nbsp; There were three wagons with the female driver on each.&nbsp; And four mounted guards, also female.
Do you see the emergence of a pattern here?
They kept the office open until the close of business in case any straggler came by.&nbsp; The paperwork was arranged in neat little piles.&nbsp; Once they had all the slave girls they could handle, they disposed of the paperwork by burning it.&nbsp; They insured there would be no trace of the slave girls brought to them this afternoon.&nbsp; The Twin Moons Transport Company existed in this town for only one day and would disappear as the slave girls did.
While Canjac could ship Danielle out of the city since he had bribed the correct officials to make her a legal slave girl.&nbsp; The same could not be said for Yvette and Sandy.&nbsp; Though they were volunteers, they were still free women within the city.&nbsp; If Cathy and Clara tried to turn them in as slave girls, they would be arrested for violating the many city laws regarding the unlawful enslaving of these two.&nbsp; 
There was a simple solution to this.&nbsp; Yvette and Sandy would have to join the caravan outside the city gates.&nbsp; To accomplish that, an hour before the caravan was scheduled to make a stop outside the city&#8217;s walls, the four-left town.&nbsp; Yvette and Sandy carried rather large bags in which they carried the items they would need.&nbsp; Cathy and Clara followed along to do the actual processing.
�Are you certain you want to do this, Sandy?�
Clara could not believe that her friend was going to allow herself to be bound naked in public.&nbsp; She could tell that there was some hesitation on the young woman&#8217;s face but the buxom brunette had already committed herself to doing this and did want everyone to think she had chickened out.
�Yvette says it is perfectly safe.�
Yvette had come to town this way, and she had traveled around quite frequently bound as a slave girl.&nbsp; She expected her trouble.
The problem facing them was finding someplace where they could get undressed.&nbsp; All the slavers had their camp outside town.&nbsp; If these four women were not careful, they could end up as permanent slaves to one of the group of slavers, as has been shown before.
Yvette had scouted around the day before and found an abandoned building that may have been an inn or perhaps a waystation at some time.&nbsp; It was a little further from the transit pickup than she wanted, but no one was there.&nbsp; There was one permanent building with a small, broken down wall about it.&nbsp; This would allow them to undress and be bound in secret.&nbsp; 
Once inside the building, Yvette dropped the bag on the floor.
�Well, this is it.&nbsp; Let us get going.�
With that she began to strip off her clothing.&nbsp; Sandy stared at her friend a little while before joining her.&nbsp; In a matter of minutes the two were stark naked.&nbsp; Yvette sat on the ground to fasten the high-heeled sandals to her feet.&nbsp; She then arose, rubbing her hands on her bare bottom to knock loose the dried grass and small twigs that had stuck to it.&nbsp; Sandy did the same, but she had trouble getting up.&nbsp; 
�This gets a lot easier once you have some practice.�
Sandy glanced up at her.&nbsp; She intended to travel to the Emerald City, and perhaps back.&nbsp; That was all she planned when it came to going around in the outfit of a slave girl.&nbsp; She did not feel comfortable showing off her rather copious charms.
Yvette then fastened the short flared satin skirt about her hips.&nbsp; Sandy saw what she was doing and started to do the same.&nbsp; Suddenly she stopped to look up at her friend and asked, �What about panties?�
�Haven&#8217;t you heard?&nbsp; A slave girl wears panties only so someone can take them off her.�
Cathy and Clara started laughing.&nbsp; Sandy felt embarrassed.&nbsp; Part of it was because she had asked the question and part was because she did not we go around without the panties on.&nbsp; She knew just how short that skirt was, and if she had to bend over at all, anyone could see her bottom cheeks and pussy.
�If you wear panties, you are just asking for someone to remove them from you.�
By then, Yvette had already started work on the halter-top.&nbsp; The twin cups of satin did little more than cover the nipples.
�Will one of you help me with this?�
Sandy realized that Yvette was going to be dressed long before she was so she quickly snapped the short skirt to the hips.&nbsp; She then reached for her halter-top.&nbsp; Clara had already moved around behind her help get this little garment on.&nbsp; When she had it on, Clara pulled the pins from her hair to let her long dark hair fall down about her shoulders.&nbsp; Sandy glanced over at Yvette.&nbsp; The blonde was already straightening out her long hair.
�I almost forgot.�
Yvette produced two leather slave collars.&nbsp; She tossed one to her buxom friend, and began fastening the second about her own neck. 
Sandy raised it toward her throat, but hesitated.&nbsp; Clara took it from her to finish the job.&nbsp; Pulling the leather device about her slender throat and locking it.
The two were now dressed as slave girls.&nbsp; If anyone came along and saw them, they would think they were nothing other than a couple of your regular slave girls.
Yvette reached into her bag to get a ballgag.&nbsp; Holding it with the tips of her fingers, she raised it toward her mouth.&nbsp; One slight shove with both fingertips caused it to pop in between her teeth.&nbsp; She had done this so often before that she knew how to do it with ease.&nbsp; She then pulled the ends of the strap behind her head.&nbsp; Cathy took them from her and finished the job, pulling on the working end so the rubber ball was pulled deeper within beautiful woman&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Yvette did not protest, as she knew that any type gag was a clear sign that any woman was a slave girl.
Sandy hesitated.&nbsp; Yvette pointed toward the bag at her feet and grunted.&nbsp; Sandy started to bend but hesitated again.&nbsp; Clara resolved the problem by reaching into the bag to find it for her.&nbsp; Holding it in her left hand, she placed her right against the back of the brunette&#8217;s head.
�Open wide!�
Sandy had worn a gag only a few times.&nbsp; After their initial adventure, when she had decided that she would do this, she had practiced the few times on her own.&nbsp; But still this was a frightening experience.&nbsp; The woman rammed the rubber ball into her mouth and then turned her by the shoulders so she faced away from her.&nbsp; Clara then grabbed the strap where it emerged from both sides of her mouth.&nbsp; Letting her fingers slide down to the end she then pulled the ends together behind Sandy&#8217;s head under her long dark hair.&nbsp; She found the buckle and slid the working end through.&nbsp; She pulled hard on it to get the rubber ball tightly in the young woman&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; When she finished, Sandy could not make a sound.
When the beautiful brunette turned, she saw that Cathy had already put the handcuffs on her left wrist.
Now it was her turn.&nbsp; Clara squatted down to pull the steel manacles from the bag.&nbsp; Sandy did not have to be told what to do.&nbsp; She turned away from the young woman and put her hands behind her back.&nbsp; She jumped a little when she felt the cold metal against the flesh of her left wrist.&nbsp; Clara then attached the other part.
The two were now bound and gagged as slave girls.&nbsp; No one would come to their aid.&nbsp; Everyone would assume they were real slave girls.
Since they wore collars, they were real slave girls.
Cathy attached the leash to Yvette&#8217;s slave collar.
�Come on.&nbsp; Put a leash on her so we can get them on the transport.�
The two women trotted along behind their friends.&nbsp; They moved down the slight grade to the road at the bottom of the hill where the road rose toward the city gates.&nbsp; They stopped long before they reached the intersection as they saw the wagons for the transport company coming toward them.&nbsp; Cathy and Clara led the two to the side of the road to see where the wagons would stop.&nbsp; The wagons came to a halt about hundred meters away from the four, pulling into a flat area between two encampments.&nbsp; 
Cathy had the paperwork that she presented to a woman who appeared to be a clerk.&nbsp; She paid the nominal fee with money provided by the two captives.&nbsp; With the discount, Yvette and Sandy would be transported to the Emerald City as slave girls.
The transaction took just a couple minutes.&nbsp; During that time, the two beautiful women stood tethered to rings on the side of one of the wagons.&nbsp; Having completed their work, Cathy and Clara started toward the city gate, but they did not leave quite yet.&nbsp; They stopped about fifty yards away to watch to see what would happen next.
Many other slave girls were brought forward.&nbsp; The discount the Twin Moons Transport Company offered was attractive.&nbsp; There were so many slave girls in town the price was depressed.&nbsp; A slaver had to find ways to sell his goods at a profit, even though his costs of acquisition were always negligible.
Finally it came time to begin moving away from the town again.&nbsp; They led the tall blonde toward the rear of a wagon.&nbsp; Before putting her inside though, they stripped off the two small garments she wore.&nbsp; Since she was only a slave girl, and the guards were free women, Yvette had no say in what she was to wear.&nbsp; Yvette thought that perhaps they thought this was a means of controlling slave girls.&nbsp; Who would want to escape by running around stark naked bound gagged and in high heels?
She quickly discovered that was not the reason.
They had her sit on one side of the wagon facing the other side with her legs spread apart.&nbsp; They next brought Sandy in the wagon and positioned her the same way.&nbsp; She sat on the floor facing Yvette with her legs spread so far apart they were outside the other woman&#8217;s body.&nbsp; One guard moved behind each slave girl on each side.&nbsp; They leaned forward to grab the other captive&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; The two guards behind Sandy grabbed Yvette&#8217;s ankles, and those behind Yvette grabbed Sandy.&nbsp; A nod of agreement caused all four to pull at the same time, forcing the two to slide together.&nbsp; Before their bodies actually touched, they placed a double dildo in Sandy&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; Protruding from it were dozens of magic fingers.&nbsp; Yvette glanced down, instantly recognizing what the device was.&nbsp; She new this was going to be an enjoyable trip.
They then pushed the two closer together.&nbsp; When Yvette&#8217;s body was within reach, they inserted the far end into her pussy.&nbsp; The four guards continued to push until their crotches almost touched with only a couple centimeters of the double dildo showing.&nbsp; They continued to hold their legs in the air, pulling them together so were tightly pressed together from the buttock to the knee.
They then switched legs.&nbsp; That is, the two guards hold Yvette&#8217;s legs now took hold of Sandy&#8217;s and vice versa.&nbsp; They pulled them together behind the other woman&#8217;s body so the ankles crossed.&nbsp; While one held her feet, the other looped a cord about her crossed ankles.
Yvette felt them tying her ankles together.&nbsp; Feeling Sandy&#8217;s legs about her own slender waist so she knew that they were tying her the same way.&nbsp; They then removed the handcuffs from both at same time, pushing their bodies forward so their titties were pressed together.&nbsp; They then handled the captives&#8217; arms as they hand their legs, tying them behind the back of the other.&nbsp; Half a meter of cord still dangled down from the knot.&nbsp; They looped it about the bound ankles, tying them together a second time to insure the captive could not reach the knot to untie it.&nbsp; With their wrists tied to their ankles, they could not pull their arms over the other woman&#8217;s head.
They guards were almost done.&nbsp; Before they moved to the next pair of slave girls, they pushed their heads together so that the left ring of each slave collar touched.&nbsp; The padlocks insured that they could not move from that position.
They left Yvette and Sandy like that &#8211; bound so that each had a tight grip on the other&#8217;s body.
When the wagon started forward, the two rocked back and forth so the magic fingers of the device rubbed against their pussies, arousing them without making them come.&nbsp; This was going to be an enjoyable but frustrating trip.
The three wagons followed the main road from the city.&nbsp; At the fork, they turned right on the road toward Emerald City.&nbsp; Anyone watching would suspect nothing.&nbsp; Half a day&#8217;s journey down the road, the wagons came to a halt.&nbsp; By then, the other workers from the office had caught up.
There was no trace of Twin Moons Transport Company remaining in the city.
Yvette had no idea what was going on.&nbsp; Perhaps this was a rest.&nbsp; Not for slave girls, but toward the guards and horses.
She could only sit there and wait until something happened.&nbsp; She heard the sounds of them pulling the gate down on the back of the wagon.&nbsp; She heard sounds she could not identify.&nbsp; All she could see was part of the side of the wagon.&nbsp; The position of her head and her long tresses kept her from seeing more.
When it was her turn, she felt them untying her hands and legs.&nbsp; At the same time they were untying Sandy&#8217;s arms and legs.&nbsp; As soon as they had the two untied, they locked their hands behind their backs with the steel handcuffs.&nbsp; They then slid them across the floor of the wagon to the open gate.&nbsp; With a shove, Yvette landed on her feet on the ground.&nbsp; A woman immediately attached the chain leash to her collar.&nbsp; A jerk got her walking forward.&nbsp; The woman walked quickly, forcing the tall blonde to move very quickly to keep up with her.&nbsp; Their destination was a coffle of slave girls at the edge of the road.&nbsp; The woman attached the end of her leash to a ring on the back of the collar of the last slave girl in the line.&nbsp; As soon as she was finished, she returned to the wagon to get another slave girl.&nbsp; As she moved toward the wagon, she passed another guard bringing Sandy toward the coffle.
Yvette stared at the back of the slave girl in line ahead of her.&nbsp; She started to turn, but thought better of that when she felt them attaching a leash to her collar.&nbsp; She knew that Sandy stood tethered behind her.
The slave girls from the two wagons were formed into two coffles.&nbsp; When the first was done, they led it away.&nbsp; Yvette and Sandy were in the second.&nbsp; Soon they too were walking away from the road, up into the hills.
Behind them, the women started to wagons forward, this time to much faster pace since they were empty.&nbsp; Before the day was over, the wagons and all trace of the transport company would disappear. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
The slave girls had been rustled.










Chapter 102

The Slavers&#8217; Guild in the city of Nimrod was an imposing, three-story building built of large limestone blocks.&nbsp; Many said they paid for the construction by offering the workers daily dalliances with some of the commodities to be sold.&nbsp; Located near the slave market, it had no windows at ground level and narrow windows, almost slits, far above the height of any man.&nbsp; What went on inside few knew, and as long as a constant supply of new slave girls was available, no one cared.
Taylor Charles approached the front door.&nbsp; As a special agent in high standing, she had access to all parts of the building though she was not a slaver herself.&nbsp; Her role was to expose those lowlifes involved with enslaving women who were not members of the guild.&nbsp; The fees had to be paid.&nbsp; The fee for enslaving a woman was only a few pfennings.&nbsp; Multiply that by the many new slave girls and you have a sizeable amount of fees in the Guild&#8217;s coffers.&nbsp; The Guild spent these funds as quickly as they got them.&nbsp; Favorite politicians needed their monthly contributions.&nbsp; The bureaucrats needed kickbacks.&nbsp; Everything was needed to keep the institutions intact so there were enough, no, more than enough slave girls, to go around.
Several feet from the stairs leading to the second floor entrance, Taylor halted to dismount.&nbsp; She did not ride closer as there were a semicircle slave girls about the doorway blocking her passage.
The Slavers&#8217; Guild believed that slave girls were more than just cunts and mouths.&nbsp; They served other servile functions.
In this case they took half a dozen new slave girls and put them to use.&nbsp; The one Taylor selected had been enslaved the previous day.&nbsp; Two days before her name had been Claudia.&nbsp; She now answered solely to the generic slave girl name �Missy.�&nbsp; They dragged her into a dressing room where they fitted her out for work.
Her basic outfit was a leather sheath that ran from her ankles to her neck.&nbsp; Lacings on each side insured that it fit tightly to every voluptuous curve of her body.&nbsp; Her entire body was not covered though.&nbsp; A pair of strategically placed holes in the bodice allowed her titties to poke through.&nbsp; Another large hole permitted anyone standing behind her to have an unobstructed view of her bottom.
The sheath lacked sleeves, but they made up for that omission with a singleglove made of the same black leather.&nbsp; This covered her arms from her hands to her upper arms.&nbsp; The tip of the glove ended in a large steel that they locked to another ring on the back of the sheath.&nbsp; Being at waist level, the ring kept her arms bent, her hands above her fanny. This kept her from moving her arms much.&nbsp; She certainly could not use them to protect any part of her body.
They fastened a leather discipline helmet over her head.&nbsp; This helmet covered her head so a viewer could only see her eyes and bottom of her nose.&nbsp; They laced the flaps together behind her head so the leather was pulled tightly across her face.&nbsp; 
The bottom of the discipline helmet also served as a posture collar.&nbsp; The stiff leather kept her from moving her head to either side.&nbsp; All she could do was stare straight ahead.
Taylor dismounted before Claudia, keeping the reins in her right hand.&nbsp; From a ring on the saddle, she removed a clip.&nbsp; As she stepped around between the horse and leather encased slave girl, she fastened the clip to the reins.&nbsp; By holding the reins near the bit, she allowed the clip to slid down to the center of the reins.&nbsp; With a twist of her right hand, she sent the clip flying up in the air where she caught it with her left hand.
Where would she apply the clip &#8211; to what item would she tether her horse?&nbsp; Grabbing the right tit of the slave girl with her right hand, she pinched it so the nipple stuck through in the circle formed by her index finger and thumb.&nbsp; She moved the clip forward to fasten it tightly on the nipple.
The slave girl said nothing.&nbsp; Okay, she was gagged.&nbsp; She could not utter a sound, but she knew better than to try to resist.&nbsp; That was the reason for her bare bottom.&nbsp; Rising from a hole in the pavement near her left foot was a switch.&nbsp; If she did anything to displease her master or mistress, she could count on swift retribution.&nbsp; The many red marks on her fanny showed that she had been punished often before.&nbsp; Bound and gagged as she was, she&nbsp; had done nothing to deserve such punishment.&nbsp; She was beautiful and sexy, so what other reason did a person need to punish her?
Taylor hurried up the steps.&nbsp; The clerk at the desk inside waved her through, everyone in the Guild it seemed knew her.&nbsp; After all, she was leader of the most successful enforcement team of the Guild.
At her approach, a slave girl pulled open the large wooden door leading toward the back of the building from the lobby.&nbsp; This slave girl served no other function than that of opening and closing the door.&nbsp; She was naked (except for the high heels) with straps about her ankles and thighs.&nbsp; A short chain connected the ankle strap to the ring on the floor, insuring that she could not move more than a few inches from that spot.&nbsp; (Of, course, she knew better than to try.)&nbsp; Another strap encircled her body just below the rib cage.&nbsp; In back, there was a pair of leather cuffs fastened.&nbsp; They held her left forearm against the strap, then fastened a cuff over her wrist and forearm near the elbow, pinning that arm to her body.&nbsp; A leather cuff encircled her right wrist.&nbsp; A short chain connected it to the door.&nbsp; All she could do with that hand was grab the handle to pull the door open.&nbsp; When the person passed through, she then push it shut.&nbsp; It was a simple job, but since she was only a slave girl, she was capable of doing only the most simple of tasks.
The corridor immediately behind the lobby was known to the Guild as the �Hall of Slave Girls� because it was a hall full of slave girl.&nbsp; 
Duh!!&nbsp; 
On each side there were twenty stone pillars a half a meter in diameter. While the corridor extended a couple meters beyond the pillars, that area was only used in preparing the slave girls for display.
To each pillar was bound a naked slave girl.&nbsp; These were usually new to the collar, those who had not yet accepted their new servile position in society yet.
It was not enough to merely chain or bind a slave girl to a pillar.&nbsp; The slave girl had to be made to feel each rope so she could know she was helpless.&nbsp; They placed the slave girl with her back to the pillar.&nbsp; They next bound her wrists together on the other side.&nbsp; Another rope under her forearms, drawing her elbows as closely together as they could.&nbsp; Though she was helpless at this point, they were far from finished binding her.
The next step would be to put a spreader bar between her ankles to keep her feet separated.&nbsp; With no means of protecting her cunt, she would find herself being fondled and prodded by anyone who wanted to.
By spreading her legs apart, they forced her body downwards.&nbsp; They could now apply the remainder of the ropes.&nbsp; The first one would encircle her upper chest above her titties, passing around the pillar and her upper arms.&nbsp; The next would do the same thing belong her titties, passing across her lower arms at the elbow.&nbsp; The final would pass about her waist, crossing her arms in back at the wrist.
The final item was a simple strap used to keep the slave girl&#8217;s head erect.&nbsp; The slave collar had four rings evenly spaced about it.&nbsp; They attached one end of the strap to the ring on the left, passed it about the pillar, and attached the other end to the ring on the other side of the collar.
As they finished with each slave girl, they instructed her what she was to do in that position.&nbsp; She could not move.&nbsp;&nbsp; All she could do was move her eyes, and it was with them she was to try to lure any man or woman passing by to taste her charms.&nbsp; She had to try to catch their eye, and if they looked at her, she was to maintain constant eye contact.&nbsp; Each luscious captive was warned that she would be severely punished if she did not.&nbsp; As new slave girls, they had been spanked often.&nbsp; Sore buns pressed against the cold stone pillar as a constant remainder of what would happen if they did not obey.
The pillars were spaced four meters apart.&nbsp; Between them up to three slave girls were chained.&nbsp; Each had one ankle chained to a ring in the floor so she could move about.&nbsp; Except for the ubiquitous high heels, each was naked.&nbsp; At Taylor&#8217;s approach, each turned about, spreading her legs as she did.&nbsp; She would then bend over.
To men, she was offering her cunt for use.&nbsp; If she were lucky, a man would avail himself.&nbsp; For a woman, she was offering her bottom for a spanking.&nbsp; 
Or perhaps it would be the other way around.&nbsp; The man would want to spank her bottom, and the woman would like to use the handle of her riding crop in the poor little slave girl&#8217;s pussy.
Taylor loved to torment these slave girls by passing her left hand behind their bodies to reach the cunt.&nbsp; Her fingers would play with the captive&#8217;s love nest, gradually arousing her.&nbsp; When she felt the slave girl sufficiently stimulated, she would begin spanking her, all the time playing with her cunt.
Make her feel the pain, while at the same time make her enjoy it.
The blonde mistress could not take time today.&nbsp; She was late for her meeting.
She mounted the stairs at the end of the hall.&nbsp; They waited for her in conference room D.
�There is something I want you all to see.�
The speaker was Phyllis McIntire, a senior guild steward.&nbsp; She was Taylor&#8217;s boss.&nbsp; As she said that, she started toward the door.&nbsp; She waved a hand to indicate that everyone should follow.
At what point does a woman become a slave girl?&nbsp; Legally, that moment occurs when you lock a slave collar about her neck.&nbsp; Her status as an instrument of pleasure for others is established.&nbsp; She may squawk and squeal (though not too much as no doubt she will be both bound and gagged), but any protests will fall on deaf ears.&nbsp; The slave collar defines her role.
Others say that point come when she not longer resists.&nbsp; At some point she realizes the ropes will not relinquish their grip her body.&nbsp; That she no long has nay control over the pain in her bottom from the constant spankings.&nbsp; At that point she will do what she is told.&nbsp; At that point she become a true slave girl when she accepts her role as one.
There are some who believe there is a point beyond that.&nbsp; Not only does a woman accept her role as bringer of pleasure to others, but she actively craves it.&nbsp; Train a woman well and she will become aroused at the thought of being ravished by an endless row of men, or she uses her tongue to bring pleasure to another woman.
At that point a slave girl becomes a slave to her own orgasms.&nbsp; She no longer craves freedom.&nbsp; All she craves is a nether orgasm.&nbsp; And one after that.&nbsp; And another after that.
One group of this last category went under the name �Universal Exports.�&nbsp; Nominally, they bought and sold machine parts.&nbsp; In reality, they were slavers, slavers though outside the guild.&nbsp; Not paying guild fees and town assessments allowed them to achieve much higher profits.
With the unsettled times in the west, there was a need for a great number of slave girls to keep the troops contented.&nbsp; While the traditional slavers handled much of the need, they worked on a smaller scale.&nbsp; Bulk numbers, endless coffles of bound and gagged slave girls, were their specialty.&nbsp; Further, they had to be trained to lust after the bodies of men.
One such slave girl was Lorraine Lawrence.&nbsp; Two weeks before, she had been a file clerk.&nbsp; Two weeks of intensive training had turned her into a sensual animal seeking nothing but sex.&nbsp; 
She knelt this day in a storage room in the guild headquarters in town.&nbsp; She was unaware of that.&nbsp; A man had led her into town on horseback.&nbsp; She followed, her arms bound behind her back, a ballgag in her mouth, a leash running from her collar to a ring on his saddle.&nbsp; She had no idea what town she was in.&nbsp; She had no idea what building she was in.&nbsp; She was a slave girl.&nbsp; She had no need to know.
She wore no clothing.&nbsp; As a slave girl she had need for none.&nbsp; While she did have on high-heeled sandals, the fifteen-centimeter stiletto heel made it less an article of clothing than a bondage device, restricting the wearer to small steps.
She knelt with her hands manacled behind her back, a ballgag in her mouth, and a blindfold over her eyes.
�I&#8217;ve kept her in isolation because I want you to see how she has been trained.&nbsp; The agent who acquired her bought her from a group being shipped to the frontier.&nbsp; Her collar number has not been registered in this town or any other nearby.&nbsp; I want you to see how she reacts to men.�
They stood in the corridor outside the door to the room that held Lorraine.&nbsp; Phyllis opened the door to let the four in before her.&nbsp; They found the brunette kneeling in the center of any otherwise empty room.&nbsp; Her knees were spread as she offered her pussy to anyone entering the room.
�Stand here in front of her,� Phyllis said to the men.&nbsp; She pulled Lorraine&#8217;s head back before removing her blindfold.
The beautiful brunette blinked a few times.&nbsp; She had worn the blindfold for hours so it took a while for her eyes to adjust to the dim light in the room.&nbsp; She took one look at the three men standing before her.&nbsp; Her body reacted.&nbsp; The nipples became hard and pointed.&nbsp; She stared intently at one crotch, then another and then another as she contemplated what they could do to her.&nbsp; Her breath came in short gasps.
�That&#8217;s enough,� the slaver said as she slipped the blindfold over the captive&#8217;s eyes again.&nbsp; She gestured toward the door.&nbsp; She took them back to conference room D.
�You see what her training has done.&nbsp; One look at a man causes her to be sexually aroused.&nbsp; No doubt they trained her to service the army.&nbsp; We need to stop this or they will undercut our business.�
�What is the plan?� asked one of the men.
�We know they are somewhere along the river.�
�Do you want us�� One man began.
�No.�&nbsp; She smiled at Taylor.
�You&#8217;re going to start on this end.&nbsp; There seem to be many women missing in Carston.&nbsp; See if you can follow the trail from there.�
The three men were part of Taylor&#8217;s team.&nbsp; Nominally, she was the leader, but she had not realized her role in the team. After all, who could resist that beautiful face, those blue eyes, those large titties, beautiful blonde tresses pinned up in a bun?&nbsp; Taylor&#8217;s role was that of bait.&nbsp; When the unsanctioned slavers came after her, the men on the team would swoop in.
Of course, the beautiful blonde did not realize that.&nbsp; She thought she truly was the leader of the group.&nbsp; She failed to understand that they allowed her to make the decisions because it invariably resulted in someone trying to slip a slave collar about that lovely neck.
�As usual, we don&#8217;t want anyone to know you all are together.&nbsp; The five-star hotel in town in the &#8216;Inn of the Dancing Slave Girl.&#8217;&nbsp; It&#8217;s a half-day ride from here.&nbsp; Each of you will leave separately the day after tomorrow and rendezvous that night there.&nbsp; Our agent in town is the whipmistress at another inn, the &#8216;Paddled Bottom.&#8217;&nbsp; She will be expecting all of you to meet with her tomorrow night.
�Any questions?�
The instructions had been vague, as they always were.&nbsp; The men, at least, knew what to do.
�Good.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s put a stop to these interlopers.�









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 103

Peggy arrived at Canjac&#8217;s compound early in the morning; so early that the city gates were not yet open.&nbsp; That was the only reason she found him still there.&nbsp; Peggy arrived early as she was between jobs.&nbsp; She had a hard time holding one down, as she preferred to being tied up than doing some clerical job.
As we will see, she needs a job that would tie the two together (pun intended) without giving her into trouble.&nbsp; That was easier said than done.
When Peggy showed up, Canjac&#8217;s men&nbsp; ignored her as she wandered through the compound.&nbsp; They called her �the boss&#8217;s girl.� 
Canjac left standing instructions what they were to do if she showed up.&nbsp; After all, he was a busy man. He could not spend all his time tying and untying just one woman, even if she was �the boss&#8217;s girl.�
When he noticed her, one man gestured toward one of the training rooms.&nbsp; Peggy walked in and immediately removed her clothes.&nbsp; By the time the man entered, she was stark naked.&nbsp; She carried a large purse that had all her essentials.&nbsp; 
First, she put on the high heels with the fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels.&nbsp; At a distance, they alone gave her the look of a slave girl.&nbsp; You would not even look for a collar.
The other item erased all doubt about her alleged status in society.&nbsp; She walked toward the man, then knelt before him.&nbsp; Pulling the pins from her hair, she let it fall down.&nbsp; Shaking her head to and fro allowed the long dark tresses to hang loosely.&nbsp; Then under her hair, she slid the black leather slave collar.&nbsp; Pulling it together she buckled it tight.
She did not lock it, but she did not have to.&nbsp; If she were bound (as she knew she would be), there was no way she could remove it on her own.&nbsp; Of course, there was nothing to stop someone else from applying a padlock.&nbsp; Sometimes, when they played their games, Canjac would put her in a regular slave collar.&nbsp; At that point, she was totally his mercy to be released.&nbsp; She knew that he could keep her as a slave girl if he wanted to.
She always found that sexually arousing.&nbsp; 
The man moved around behind her.&nbsp; As he did so, the buxom brunette leaned forward, pressing her titties against her knees.&nbsp; At the same time, she put her arms behind her back to make it easier for him to make her helpless.&nbsp; In a matter of seconds he had her helpless.
He moved back around before her.&nbsp; From his belt he pulled one of the usual leases that Canjac&#8217;s men carried with them at all times.&nbsp; He grabbed her by the hair and pulled it.&nbsp; Since his intent was not to hurt her, he did not pull hard.&nbsp; As soon as the captive felt him grab her hair, she started to raise her head to make it easier for him to attach the end of the leash to her collar.&nbsp; Once he had the leash attached, he gave the leash to the jerk up, telling her to come to her feet.&nbsp; She did this with remarkable ease.&nbsp; After all, she had spent many hours bound as a slave girl.
He led her toward the door, but stopped short of it, attaching his end of the leash to the ring on the wall.&nbsp; Once he had her tethered so he was certain she would not wander off, he crossed the room to a cabinet to get her a gag. 
Canjac left orders for them to treat her as they would any other slave girl.&nbsp; The man tethered her, not out of fear that she would run off, but as a treat for her.&nbsp; Everyone knew that the tall brunette enjoyed life more when she was helpless.
The cabinet held a large assortment of gags, but only one would suit Peggy.&nbsp; That was the dildo gag.
She sucked on the shaft in her mouth as he fastened the ends of the strap behind her head, taking care to keep her hair free.
This was almost as good as being a real slave girl.
The man left the room to get the next item he needed.&nbsp; He left the door open so anyone walking by could see Peggy in the room.&nbsp; Since she was dressed as a slave girl and had the black leather slave collar about her neck, they would automatically think she was the real slave girl.
This was exactly what she wanted.
The man returned in five minutes with the black leather discipline helmet.
Peggy held her head rigid, staring straight ahead as the man putting over her head.&nbsp; To get it on properly, he had to gather her long dark hair together in his right hand.&nbsp; He then used his left hand to pull the left flap behind her head.&nbsp; Her hair then dangled down from it in the ponytail.&nbsp; With the last flap holding her hair up, he had no trouble pulling the right flap over so it passed over the left flap.&nbsp; The two pieces were held together by a strap and buckle.
There were other straps and buckles, devices that were used to hold the leather bondage device to the captive&#8217;s head.&nbsp; The constriction of the leather discipline helmet about her head pressed leather pads against her ears so she could hear nothing.&nbsp; He already had her gagged so she could say nothing.&nbsp; The leather helmet over her head&nbsp; kept her from seeing anything.
She had reached a new level of helplessness.
The man finished her bondage by attaching a padlock to the back of the helmet.&nbsp; Peggy knew it was there are even though she could not hear him locking.&nbsp; She knew that the helmet could only come off if the lock was removed, and there was no telling who had the key.
She could not beg for anyone to remove the helmet.&nbsp; She could not even tell if someone was there to do it.&nbsp; Her bondage had her isolated from the world.
She sucked hard on the dildo in her mouth, wishing there was another in her pussy.
The man led her away.&nbsp; Peggy had no idea where they were going but that really does not matter to our story.&nbsp; When they reached their destination, man grabbed her by the shoulders to turn her in the correct direction.&nbsp; He tapped her on the inside of each knee to get her to spread her legs apart.&nbsp; He then secured her in that position with leather cuffs that were connected to rings in the floor by short chains.&nbsp; She could not pull her legs together.&nbsp; The man then removed her handcuffs.&nbsp; Peggy immediately put her arms in front of her because she knew what this bondage position was.
The man helped her bend forward so her arms were on the wall.&nbsp; A chain ran across the wall, fastened to it by a ring on either side.&nbsp; A pair of handcuffs were attached to it every couple of meters.&nbsp; Once he had the cuffs about her wrists, he had her chained to the wall.&nbsp; 
The man walked around behind her.&nbsp; The position was perfect.&nbsp; Naked as she was, bent over as she was, Peggy offered her pussy to any man who stood behind her.&nbsp; A low rail, only half a meter high, ran parallel to the wall just in front of her feet.&nbsp; It kept her from bending her knees.
With the discipline helmet on, she could not tell if she was inside the building or outside.&nbsp; Sometimes Canjac would have her own out on the main street, where everyone going by would have an opportunity to use her.&nbsp; Oftentimes people did.&nbsp; Sometimes he had her assume this position inside the building.&nbsp; She would not know where she was.
Canjac was making plans to move out when the man brought him word that she had arrived.
He grinned.&nbsp; He had plans for her but he was not going to tell them what they were.&nbsp; He knew Peggy would not object.&nbsp; He went into his office to write down the instructions.&nbsp; He gave them to that man who passed them on to the ones who would execute them.&nbsp; Another would pass on instructions to another.&nbsp; But all that in good time.
When he moved to the high bay area, Canjac found six men waiting already.&nbsp; They were among his most experienced.&nbsp; They knew how to turn a free woman into a helpless captive in seconds.&nbsp; He had often contemplated turning them loose on the Amazons.&nbsp; That would be improper in town, but what he planned was outside the city&#8217;s walls.
�What about wagons?&nbsp; We may have some merchandise we want to bring back.�
They drew chuckles from the men.&nbsp; They knew what he was talking about.
�There are several dozen down in our compound outside the walls.&nbsp; We could have a couple wagons follow us to speed things up.&nbsp; We will not need them until we are ready to return.�
�What about the other person?�
�She will be there.�
Canjac and his six man started out on horseback.&nbsp; They reached the city gates about the same time the guards were opening them.&nbsp; They were the first through.&nbsp; He led them down the hill toward his compound where he still had several dozen slave girls that he had not brought into the city yet.&nbsp; The market was still depressed, and he did not want to make it worse.
Four more men waited with pack animals (the four-footed kind).&nbsp; He dismounted to give a few instructions.&nbsp; As he mounted, men were already moving toward a storage shed to get the wagons ready.
These were not your typical drayage wagons.&nbsp; These were used to transport slave girls.
As he turned his horse toward the road, a solitary rider emerged from between a couple tents.&nbsp; One look was enough to tell anyone the rider was a woman, a tall woman.&nbsp; Though she was dressed as a whipmistress, she did not wear the black leather of an Amazon.
�This is Jan Hansen.&nbsp; She agreed to help us out for a silver talen.�
They made their acquaintances.&nbsp; They all were there and they all were ready to go.
�Let&#8217;s ride!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shortly after Canjac left his compound in the town, the instructions he left behind were executed.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man made certain he had all be equipment ready before going to get Peggy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once inside the building, the discipline helmet came off, but he had a slave girl immediately replace it with a leather blindfold.&nbsp; One black leather pad covered each eye.&nbsp; The strap about her head held the pads tightly against her face so no light could get through to her eyes. 
The first item for Peggy was a pair of bright crimson latex panties. These were small and delicate so it took two French Maids to get them on her. They had to work carefully to keep from damaging them.
The panties were briefs, but that is not a fair description of them. In front, a triangular hole allowed anyone to see her pubic hair. A similar pair of holes in back allowed the roundest part of her fanny to stick out. The pristine whiteness of her bottomcheeks provided a startling contrast with the dark hue of the panties. The tight panties forced her bottom cheeks to bulge through the holes.
The next item was a black leather corset. One French Maid held it in place while another laced it up the front.&nbsp; To someone with Peggy&#8217;s experience being bound, wearing the corset was not a problem, but it did force her to take deep breaths.&nbsp; Her more-than-ample titties heaved up and down.
Two more French Maids worked on the captive s arms. A leather fingerless glove was laced over each arm, from the fingertips to the upper arm. The lacings had to be loosened for the gloves to come off, and without the use of her fingers, there was no way the wearer could do that.
They pulled her arms behind her back. A leather cuff about each wrist was linked to the corset by a short chain. While she could move her arms about a little, she had no means of freeing herself, or using her hands or arms to protect her body.
The new gag was a bit gag with a harness. Peggy explored the steel bit in her mouth with her tongue. The gag was no more than a centimeter in diameter. She quickly concluded that wearing it was much more comfortable than having that rubber ball rammed into her mouth. 
Once they had the leather strap buckled behind her head, one French Maid looked at the man for permission to continue. He ordered her to remove the blindfold with a wave of her hand.
Peggy blinked several times as her eyes became used to the light. 
The French Maids were still at work fastening more straps about the captive's head. This was no mere bit gag; it was a harness bit gag.
Peggy glanced to one side, then the other but could see nothing because of protruding leather pieces. Several straps went about her head; some held the bit gag in her mouth. Others held the blinders in place. A chinstrap kept her from opening her mouth. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
One French Maid bunched Peggy s long hair together with both hands. Another threaded her tresses through a small loop of leather at the back of the harness.
"Why are they forming my hair into a ponytail?" the luscious captive wondered. "Having long, flowing hair is much more beautiful on a slave girl. There isn't much point to a ponytail unless..."
"Nnnnnnnnggggghhhhh!!!"&nbsp; 
We have heard this cry before from Nancy when Canjac was dressing her as a pony girl.&nbsp; For Nancy it had been a wail of complaint.&nbsp; In this case, Peggy&#8217;s cry was one was delight.
The man had moved out of sight to her right to get out of the way so the French Maids could finish their job.
Finished dressing and binding her, they forced the beautiful captive to her knees.
The man moved in front of her to inspect the work the slave girls had done. Peggy&#8217;s face was level with his crotch. 
"On your feet, Slave Girl."
The French Maids helped her rise. She stared straight ahead as they fastened the belled cuffs to her ankles. Not only would be she publicly embarrassed by what he was about to do to her; the ringing bells would draw attention to her.
"Harness her up." 
Motion over her head drew her gaze up. The bar descended before her, coming to a halt at waist-level. A French Maid pushed the bar back so it touched the corset at her waist. On each side of the corset near her hipbones were small metal rings. Two padlocks, one on the right and the other on the left, kept the crossbar fastened in place.
The French Maid trotted to the man. Kneeling before her master, she offered him the keys, hoping that he would reward her submissive behavior. Already Peggy envied her. After tucking the keys in a pocket, he secured the slave girl's hands behind her back with handcuffs. She scurried across the room to be tethered until needed again.
Another slave girl attached the ends of the reins to rings on the bit gag where it stuck out of each side of her mouth. She pulled the far end of the leather strap over Peggy's head. The captive could not see what her sister slave did with it, but when she passed in front of her, she no longer had it. 
The slave girl had locked her to a sulky. Anywhere she went, she would have to drag that device with her. Canjac&#8217;s orders were to turn her into a ponygirl. Canjac was indulging her in her fantasy.&nbsp; She wanted to be treated as though she was only a slave girl, totally dependent upon her master. She could do nothing but obey.
Her master went first to the seat to retrieve the whip. This discipline device was not particularly formidable. Most of its length was the handle with a short piece of rawhide on the end. The man carried it around in front of the pony girl where he flicked it a couple times so Peggy would know what could happen to her if she did not obey. 
Crack! Crack!
As he said that, he caressed her right nipple with his left hand. The right snapped the whip once again. He did not have to speak the threat. If she behaved, he would reward her with pleasure. If she disobeyed, she would feel the whip.
Crack!
While it might appear he threatened to use the whip on her titties, she knew the real threat was to her bottom. Her bottom cheeks protruded through a pair of holes in the crimson latex panties. The panties served no purpose other than to make her bottom cheeks targets for her master to aim for.
"Well? Shall we get started?"
Once on the seat, he released the brake. He flicked the reins with his left hand, not expecting Peggy to respond. No pony girl ever did the first time. She needed encouragement.
The length of the handle allowed the user to poke the pony girl in the bottom if he wished. Instead, The man flicked it with his right hand.
Crack! Crack! One blow to each target. 
A red mark appeared on each protruding bottom cheek where the blows had landed.
He flicked the reins again.
Crack! Crack!&nbsp; 
Peggy realized her resistance gained her nothing. Secured as she was to the sulky, she could not swing her rear end about at all. Whatever place on her body he aimed for, he could hit, and there was nothing she could do about it. The pain was not great, but she realized he could keep it up indefinitely. He would continue to flick the end of the whip against her bottom as long as she stood there.
She felt him pull on the right rein.
"Veer to the right. You have to give yourself room to turn. You don't want to try backing up until you have some experience."
That appeared to be a reasonable order. Changing her direction to the right took her toward the door. A few meters short of it, she felt him pulled hard on the left rein. The tall brunette responded by turning in the direction. By moving first to the right, she had&nbsp; room to turn.
She hesitated for a second.
Crack! Crack!
She continued forward. At the far end of the loading area, he directed her to turn. This time he said nothing. He gave all his instructions to her using the reins. A pull on the right rein brought her closer to the door. A pull on the left caused her to make a large circle about the room.
Canjac&#8217;s instructions were very explicit.&nbsp; Usually, new ponygirls made a few laps before being allowed to stop to rest.&nbsp; Canjac knew the brunette well.&nbsp; He knew how fit she was.&nbsp; He ordered her to make twenty-five laps to start out.&nbsp; Once she got used to pulling the sulky, they increased it to fifty in increments of five laps.
As used as she was to bondage, she had no trouble becoming used to being a ponygirl. 










Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 104

Peggy performed well as a ponygirl from the very first.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had an advantage over other ponygirls as she fully accepted her status.&nbsp;&nbsp; The others wasted time fighting their bondage.&nbsp;&nbsp; This all was wasted energy as there was no way any of them could escape.&nbsp; Peggy knew that but she did not care.&nbsp; Her only interest was performing well.&nbsp;&nbsp; She trotted around that high bay area drawing the sulky behind her.&nbsp;&nbsp; There were other ponygirls and other sulkies.&nbsp; She was the only one worth watching.
Canjac made plans for her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Canjac wanted Peggy&#8217;s training to rise to a new level.
To that extent, late in the morning, the man guided her through the open door into the alley behind Candace&#8217;s compound.&nbsp; They moved quickly down the alley to the main street.&nbsp; Unlike other new ponygirls, Peggy did not feel any hesitation in running out into the open, bound and essentially naked.&nbsp;&nbsp; Canjac had already taken her about town several times dressed as a slave girl.&nbsp;&nbsp; In other words, she was used to going around town stark naked.&nbsp;&nbsp; This was just in a different type of bondage.
They headed toward the track where the ponygirls raced.&nbsp;&nbsp; Peggy did not know that, as Canjac had never taken her there and she had never gone there on her own.
They passed the main entrance to the track, continuing down the road to a training facility on the other side.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man pulled on the right side of the rein, causing Peggy to turn into the entrance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once inside they moved in a half circle around the front of the building before stopping.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man signaled the ponygirl to stop by pulling back on the reins.&nbsp;&nbsp; Peggy stopped as he had taught her.
He jumped from sulky, moving toward the front of slave girl.&nbsp;&nbsp; He held both reins in his hand.&nbsp; He tied them to a hitching post about a meter from Peggy.&nbsp;&nbsp; You did not want a ponygirl wandering off by herself, certainly not since she was unable to protect herself.
The man entered the building on the right through a door that led to the office.&nbsp; Since he had sent word of what Canjac wanted, all the paperwork was waiting.&nbsp;&nbsp; He signed the few papers.&nbsp;&nbsp; No money had to pass hands, because Canjac&#8217;s word was good.&nbsp; They knew they would be paid.&nbsp;&nbsp; If they were lucky, he would pay them in slave girls.
The man moved around the side of the building where the training would take place.&nbsp;&nbsp; To his left he saw four ponygirls in automatic walker.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, that is not quite right.&nbsp; It was not automatic.&nbsp; Like many other things in town, it was slave girl driven.&nbsp; The four ponygirls trotting around the central post were driving it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Around and around they went, unable to stop as long as the others continued running. 
The man had to stop to look.&nbsp;&nbsp; There was something graceful about naked ponygirls trotting along.&nbsp;&nbsp; The blinders on they could not see him, but he had no doubt that the ponygirls were taking pride in what they were doing.
He found a seat by the training area.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a couple minutes they brought in Peggy,
Boards to keep people from looking in enclosed this training area.&nbsp;&nbsp; This was for training new ponygirls, so the owners did not want the public to see what transpired.&nbsp; They did not want the public to see untrained ponygirls.&nbsp; Since ponygirls were usually new slave girls, the boards also presented a physical barrier to escape.&nbsp; With no way to escape, training would be easier.
The sole device in the middle of the training area was an automatic walker.&nbsp; Like the other device the man had just seen, it had room to accommodate four ponygirls.&nbsp;&nbsp; It would work just as well for one though.
Besides Peggy, the man brought with him two naked slave girls.&nbsp;&nbsp; They worked hard because they did not want to be turned into ponygirls.&nbsp;&nbsp; He told them that if they were good little slave girls, he would find other tasks for them.&nbsp; Both of them wanted nothing more than to become French Maids.
What they did not know what&#8217;s that he had already decided they would be ponygirls.&nbsp; That was the sole reason they had been selected to work here at the track.&nbsp;&nbsp; They were still new to the collar, so there might be some resistance to their training.&nbsp;&nbsp; He would let them perform as regular slave girls until he was ready.
The naked slave girls led Peggy into the center of the training area.&nbsp;&nbsp; They took her up to the arm of the automatic walker.&nbsp; The end was flexible so it could move up and down several centimeters to accommodate the varying height of ponygirls, though the taller slave girls usually were better suited as ponygirls as they had a longer gait.
Of course, there was no reason to limit ponygirls to those who could perform well.&nbsp;&nbsp; There was always that joy of taking revenge on jilted lover, and forcing her to be a beast of burden.
One slave girl pulled the arm down while the other moved Peggy to the right so that her collar was in the correct position to attach it to the arm.&nbsp;&nbsp; There was no need to lock it as there was no way the young captive could get it off.&nbsp;&nbsp; The metal arm was too strong for a woman to break, and there was no way she maneuvered her body about to get free.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once attached to be arm, she would remain there.&nbsp; 
The slave girls moved back toward the entrance to the training area.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man watched them as they came to a stop on the side right outside the door.&nbsp;&nbsp; They attached chain leashes from their own collars to rings on the fence.&nbsp; Next, they cuffed their hands behind their backs.
He smiled.&nbsp;&nbsp; They were almost ready to be trained as ponygirls themselves.
Before entering the training area, he selected a switch from a vast selection on a rack.&nbsp; Peggy could not see what he had, but she knew.&nbsp; She heard the whistling sound it made as he flicked it up-and-down in the air.&nbsp;&nbsp; She clenched her bottom cheeks together, in anticipation of a blow.
Canjac had standing instructions that his slaves were not to be punished without good reason.
Part of the training though was teaching the ponygirl to behave when she felt the switch on her bottom.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man moved around in front of the naked captive, rubbing the switch up-and-down her left side.&nbsp;&nbsp; She flinched a little, not really wanted to be beaten by.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had no choice though.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was totally at the mercy of every man or woman who saw her.
�What you are going to do is practice trotting as a ponygirl.&nbsp;&nbsp; The training will be murderous, but I am certain you can do it.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you perform well, you will be allowed to rest.�
The man moved to his left, Peggy&#8217;s right.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was now out of her way
�Now start trotting.��
As he said that, he flicked the switch against her bottom.
Crack! 
The beautiful brunette jumped as she felt the pain through her bottomcheeks.&nbsp;&nbsp; She began trotting as they had taught her earlier that day.
��Faster.&nbsp; I know you can do it�
Peggy picked up the pace a bit.&nbsp;&nbsp; As she went past the man, He flicked the switch against her bottom again.&nbsp;&nbsp; She needed no further encouragement.&nbsp;&nbsp; She continued to run as fast as she could.
He watched Peggy perform for several minutes before deciding it was time to go back to work.&nbsp; As he moved around the building, he saw the four ponygirls still trotting as quickly as they could.&nbsp; He wondered if they were being trained for racing, or for some cartage company had plans to open a ponygirl line between one town and another.&nbsp; It would be a great selling point to have a wagon drawn by a team of ponygirls who could trot for hours without having to take a break.
He stopped beside the building when he noticed movement.&nbsp; To his left a man appeared through a doorway pulling on a leash.&nbsp; Behind him, fighting his pull was a slave girl dressed as a ponygirl.&nbsp; 
She had no choice but to follow as the man continued to pull on the leash that was attached to the right ring of her slave collar.&nbsp; As she passed through the door, he saw there was another leash on the left side of her collar and another man held the end of it.&nbsp; She could not run off.&nbsp; She could do nothing but remain between those leashes.&nbsp; Two more men followed them through the doorway.
The ponygirl resisted.&nbsp; It was apparent that she was doomed to being a ponygirl.&nbsp; Their objective was a sled about a dozen meters from the building.
The man had to stop to watch.&nbsp; The sled looked like a sulky; only instead of wheels it had runners.&nbsp; With some effort, two men dragged it into position about ten meters from the starting location.&nbsp; They stopped at a couple of flags indicating a starting line of some sort.
When he looked back at the reluctant ponygirl, he saw that a sixth person had joined the group.&nbsp; A whipmistress emerged from the building, trailing about twenty or thirty meters behind the others.&nbsp; She took one look at the ponygirl resisting the pull, and pulled out a switch.&nbsp; She moved behind the ponygirl.
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
Crack
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
The ponygirl&#8217;s resistance slackened quite a bit as the woman continued to play the end of the switch against her bare bottom.&nbsp; She found herself being driven toward the sled.&nbsp; She still continued to resist, but resistance was even more futile than before.&nbsp; The men who had pulled the sled back, raised the harness bar.&nbsp; When they had the ponygirl in the correct position, they let it down.&nbsp; They stuck a cotter pin through a set of holes to lock the poles in the position.
One man stood on each side of the ponygirl so she could not move.&nbsp; She resisted by twisting back and forth but she could not stop the whipmistress from attaching a padlock between a ring on her cuirass and a ring on the crosspiece.
The ponygirl was now locked into her traces.&nbsp; She could not escape.
The whipmistress grabbed the ponygirl by chin.
 �You are going to drag this sled overpass those flags.&nbsp; If you to a poor job, you will do it again.&nbsp; We have all day.&nbsp; And if you can not improve, we will do it again tomorrow.�
The whipmistress then climbed up on the sled.&nbsp; She held the reins in her right hand, allowing her left to wield the whip.
�Start!!�
Crack! Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
The young woman did not want to pull the sled.&nbsp; She did not want to be a ponygirl.&nbsp; In all likelihood, she did not want to be a slave girl either.&nbsp; But she had no choice.&nbsp; Since she wore the collar of a slave girl, the men and the woman had the right to order for about.&nbsp; She had to do what they wanted.
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
She pulled on the sled but it did not move.&nbsp; A sulky would have rolled across the ground but sled did not.
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
Trying harder, she managed to move it forward a centimeter or two.
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
Another centimeter made two or three.&nbsp; She still mad many meters to go.&nbsp; The sled slowly moved across the ground.
�Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
The man smiled.&nbsp; He knew that this little slave girl would learn her lesson long before the sled reached the flags.&nbsp; There was nothing the captive could do to keep the whipmistress from beating her fanny and, obviously, the woman enjoyed doing that.
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
As the man watched the slave girl&#8217;s struggles to drag the sled forward, Canjac&#8217;s little party continued forward.
Several kilometers from the city, the group party moved down the road in the general direction of the Emerald City.&nbsp; There was many different route one could take, but they remained on the main road for the time being, at least until they had an idea of where to turn off.&nbsp; 
Eventually they came to a fork in the road.&nbsp; The road to the right lead toward the Emerald City, the road to the left led to the north of it.&nbsp; This was as far as they could go with confidence.&nbsp; He had no idea which direction of tape decks.
�Let&#8217;s take a break,�
As they dismounted, two riders emerged from the tree line a couple kilometers away.&nbsp; The two rode quickly toward them
Canjac looked over his shoulder at the man who made the arrangements for him.&nbsp; He nodded.&nbsp;&nbsp; �Those are the LeBeouf brothers. They are the men I hired.�
The brothers&#8217; horses ran quickly; sweat pouring off them as they raced across the field.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once they had reached the road, they turned to the left to come toward Canjac and his party.&nbsp; Little clouds of dust billowed up behind them.
�What did you find?�&nbsp;&nbsp; Canjac&#8217;s man asked, moving in the direction of the oncoming riders.
The lead man slipped from the saddle and came to his feet, almost running beside the horse last few steps.&nbsp;&nbsp; He pointed back toward the hill behind him to the left.
�Beyond those hills, there is a little valley.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can hardly reach from here.&nbsp; We found a trail up through the brush though. I don&#8217;t think anyone else knows about it, so they won&#8217;t be expecting us.&nbsp; If you follow the road from toward the Emerald City three or four kilometers you can turn off to the left.&nbsp;&nbsp; We followed their tracks from there up into the hills.&nbsp;&nbsp; We found boot prints and the tracks of high heels.&nbsp;&nbsp; We have no doubt it is them.�
Canjac joined the conversation.
�Is are some way we can sneak up on them without them knowing we are coming?�
One man drew a circle in the dirt with a stick.
�This is their camp.&nbsp; There is a trail on the side and a trail on this side.&nbsp; The road runs past the hills on this side.&nbsp; Their camp is here.&nbsp; If we come at them over this way, we will not be expected.&nbsp; Of course, they have guards; they have almost a dozen guards.&nbsp; But they will be concentrating on the road.�
Canjac nodded.&nbsp; This would work.
�Can you lead us there so we arrive just before dark.&nbsp; We can scale the side of the hill in the light, stopping just short of the crest.&nbsp; In the dark we can move forward.&nbsp; They may not be a expecting us but I don&#8217;t want them to see us coming.�
The man nodded.&nbsp; �We follow the road a short distance, then branch off to left.&nbsp; Wagons cannot move on it, but horses can, one at a time.&nbsp; We will have to leave them the bottom of the hill but we can move up the hill with ease.�
�Then let&#8217;s ride.�
Canjac led the group forward with LeBoerf brothers far out in front.&nbsp; They could not move fast because of the packhorses, and they did not want to wear out their mounts.&nbsp; There was always a chance that there would be pursued on the way back.&nbsp; He doubted that would happen, but there was no sense in taking unnecessary chances 
After about a kilometer, he pulled back on the reins to bring his horse to slow his horse.&nbsp; As he did that, he motioned the others to continue on.&nbsp; When Jan was next to him, he increased the pace of his horse so he could keep up with her.
�Let down your hair.�
�What?�
�Your hair.&nbsp; Let me see it.�
The woman frowned at Canjac with a dark look of suspicion.
�You had better not be planning on anything or else�.�
She did not finish her threat.&nbsp; They both knew that she worried that he was contemplating turning her into a slave girl now that they were outside the city&#8217;s walls.
When she had the pins out, she shook her head.&nbsp; Golden brown hair fell down over her shoulders to her waist.
Canjac smiled.
�Tell me, have you ever seen a blonde Amazon?�









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 105

Loretta&#8217;s Cards and Souvenirs lay on the edge of town, far from the business district of Carston.&nbsp; Many wondered how the little shop remains open.&nbsp; It was a mile from the business district, and rather out of the way.&nbsp; People going to Rivertown passed by, but few others would have reason to be in that area.
The shop was not on the road, but was about twenty meters back.&nbsp; Indeed, when she rented it, the building was a dilapidated house.&nbsp; She put in a few repairs, slopped some paint on the outside, and hung a sign overhead. 
This was the second time she had opened a store in Carston, and it would be the last.&nbsp; She had used this ploy before and she knew she had worn out her welcome.
Prior to opening the store, she needed staff, of course.&nbsp; The first she picked was Mallory Anderson.&nbsp; What a beautiful girl! Long flowing light brown hair, big brown eyes, and a pair of the cutest dimples you have ever seen!
The second hired was Kara Smith.&nbsp; While Mallory was average height, she towered over Kara.&nbsp; Being vertically challenged made the shorthaired brunette&#8217;s bosom appear ever so much larger.
The third was Caitlin Masers.&nbsp; Caitlin was a blonde.&nbsp; Again, only of average height, slender but beautiful nonetheless.&nbsp; Her flowing locks came to her shoulders.
�We open in two days so I want to have a dress rehearsal tomorrow night.&nbsp; We will do everything just as we will when we are open.&nbsp; And be sure to wear something nice, you know, a dress.�
They all arrived in the later afternoon for the rehearsal.&nbsp; They all puttered about.&nbsp; Loretta gave one pointless order after another.&nbsp; Finally Kara, the boldest of the trio, spoke up.
�Loretta calm down.&nbsp; Everything will be fine.�
�It&#8217;s just that this is my second try to start and business and this time I want to it succeed.�
�Don&#8217;t worry it will.�
As the shadows began to lengthen, Mallory stepped outside for a smoke.&nbsp; She leaned against the building as she puffed away.&nbsp; She had never noticed before how remote this location was.&nbsp; There were only trees behind the building and some bushes to the right.&nbsp; This location really was secluded.&nbsp; �Maybe her problem is location,� the beautiful brunette theorized as she tried to blow a smoke ring.
It was then that she noticed the three metal posts rising from the ground.&nbsp; �I wonder what they are for?� she asked aloud.&nbsp; The ground about the base of each had been disturbed recently so they were new additions.
She held her cigarette sideways to judge its length.&nbsp; It had maybe two more good puffs before she had to discard the butt.&nbsp; There would be plenty of time for her to investigate before she tossed the butt down.&nbsp; She took one puff as she stepped forward.
Each post rose half a meter above the ground.&nbsp; When she looked down, she saw the inside was hollow, with a thread cut in the metal.&nbsp; While she took a last drag on the cigarette, she touched the metal threads with her left hand.
�I wonder what they are for?�
Turning, she looked at the back of the building.&nbsp; Not only was there a row of bushes to the left, there were several large ones next to the building, blocking her view of the road immediately in front of the building.&nbsp; If a person was behind the building, it was impossible to see them from the road.
�This place really is isolated.�
When she reentered, she found Kara and Caitlin laughing at a card.
�This one is cute.&nbsp; You fill in your friend&#8217;s name so it looks like she is a slave girl.�&nbsp; Mallory read the card and joined in their laughter.&nbsp; In the far corner of the room, Loretta merely smiled, turning away so they would not notice her smile of satisfaction.
�Why don&#8217;t we open a few more boxes and put out some more knickknacks?� Loretta asked.&nbsp; By the time they finished, it was dark.
�Mallory, why don&#8217;t you take these empty boxes out back?&nbsp; Then we will close up.�
They broke down the four boxes to make it easy to carry.&nbsp; Once the fourth was on top, Mallory scooped them up in both arms.&nbsp; Kara held the door opened for her.
The dumpster was twenty steps away, twenty steps through Stygian darkness.&nbsp; She made it half way there before the arms grabbed her, pinning her arms to her sides.&nbsp; Hands landed on her titties.&nbsp; 
Her reaction was normal.&nbsp; She opened her mouth to scream.&nbsp; At this point, another pair of hands appeared.&nbsp; One grabbed her by the chin, an unnecessary action but one that aided the other.&nbsp; That second hand rammed an Acme Model 323Z gag into her mouth.
The 323Z was state-of-the-art.&nbsp; Folded over, it slid easily into the mouth.&nbsp; Once the hand let go, it tries to open, filling the mouth of the victim.&nbsp; A hearty scream turned into a muffled, �Mmmmmgggggttttt!� 
To insure that the 323Z remained in her mouth, those hands pressed a piece of duct tape across those ruby lips.&nbsp; Okay, two more went on for extra protection.&nbsp; They were not going to allow her to scream.
She had lost the ability to hit as soon as the first arms grabbed her.&nbsp; She lost the ability to scream when the 323Z entered mouth.&nbsp; All she could do was kick, and even the ability to do that was taken away as the first set of arms forced her to her knees.
The second set of hands next applied a satin slave hood to her head.&nbsp; This bondage device was double thick so that in the brightest light the wearer would not be able to see anything.&nbsp; The hands pulled it down over her head while she was till distracted trying to get the gag out of her mouth.&nbsp; It took only seconds to pull the open end down to her chin so she had no chance to react.&nbsp; Sure she shook her head back and forth, but it did no good.&nbsp; The hands pulled the drawstring tight and tied a neat bow.
The second set of hands then drew Mallory&#8217;s arms in the air, forcing her head down.&nbsp; That was not the reason they did it, but having her face at a man&#8217;s feet was a good point in which to begin her career as a slave girl.&nbsp; The second set of hands, actually, the second set of feet, pinned the brunette&#8217;s head between the ankles.&nbsp; This distracted her again was their true intent.&nbsp; The slave shackles were on her wrists before she knew it.
A second set of hands held her hands in the air, while the first set retrieved a pair of high-heeled sandals.&nbsp; There was nothing like tottering about on fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels to make a woman helpless.&nbsp; Quickly those hands strapped them to her feet.&nbsp; Sure, she could have removed them if she had the use of her hands (and could see where the buckles were), but she did not have the use of her hands.
The first set of hands them took hers while the second set pulled out a disrobing knife.&nbsp; A few slashes here and there caused the tattered dress to fall to the ground.&nbsp; Her panties and bra quickly jointed it.
At this point they pulled her to her feet.&nbsp; Unused to those high heels and not able to see what was going on about her, she did not other than run a few steps.&nbsp; The first set of hands grabbed her about the waist to lift her up.&nbsp; The second set grabbed her by the knees, but slid down to her ankles.
Remember those three poles in the ground that Mallory had noticed earlier?&nbsp; Each now had a long, large dildo screwed into the top.&nbsp; The hands positioned the beautiful captive over the pole on the left.&nbsp; Gently, they lowered her body so the dildo entered her cunt.
Mallory&#8217;s first reaction was shock.&nbsp; For almost a minute she remained there without moving.&nbsp; Her next action was predictable.&nbsp; She tried to climb off it, but the smooth sides of the pole provided no traction for those high heels.&nbsp; She squirmed about and did nothing more than begin to arouse herself.
�Why don&#8217;t you see if Mallory needs some help?� Loretta asked Kara.&nbsp; The second young woman walked outside and into the arms of the man waiting for her.&nbsp; In a minute they had her impaled on a pole beside Mallory.
�What is taking them so long?&nbsp; Maybe we both had better check it out.�
Caitlin followed the older woman through the back door.&nbsp; The result was a third naked woman standing with a pole in her cunt.
�Strap their legs so they can&#8217;t kick,� Loretta ordered, something that she did not have to say.&nbsp; The men knew their job.&nbsp; They knew had to render the most recalcitrant female so she could not resist.
The key was surprise.&nbsp; Though the three heard what Loretta said, not one of them expected the next action.&nbsp; A leather strap about the lower thighs kept the legs largely immobile.&nbsp; Sure, they could kick a little, but even if they landed a lucky blow, it would not hurt.
A firm grasp of the left ankle kept the leg from moving at all.&nbsp; The steel cuff slipped around her leg immediately above the ankle.&nbsp; The man needed only one hand to squeeze it shut.&nbsp; The clicks told everyone it locked as the circle of steel grew smaller.&nbsp; 
The man shifted a few centimeters to the right so he could grab her right ankle.&nbsp; She tried to stop him, but resistance was something she could not do.&nbsp; The other steel cuff went about her right leg at the ankle.&nbsp; Since the connecting chain was only ten centimeters long, she could hardly move at all.
Naked and hooded, it was almost impossible to distinguish among the three.&nbsp; The first chosen was Mallory.&nbsp; The man who had fastened the manacles about her ankles moved around before her.&nbsp; Grabbing her by the waist, he lifted her off the pole.&nbsp; He had to raise her only ten centimeters, and when he set her down, he adjusted her grip so he could turn her upside down.
Loretta held the first of three hard rubber dildos.&nbsp; They were sold as �punishment� dildos and that certainly was what they could do.&nbsp; It was a half a meter long with a handle on the end.&nbsp; It was five centimeters in diameter with a series of half-centimeter spikes on it.
He rested Mallory&#8217;s head on the ground, between his feet while Loretta inserted the dildo in her ass.&nbsp; While it was possible, with sufficient lubrication, to push it in, it was not designed for someone to insert it that way.&nbsp; Loretta used the handle to twist it back and forth as she shoved.
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
The man spun the naked captive about again so her feet rested on the ground.
Loretta grabbed the helpless captive by her chin.
�If you make one sound, or try to resist at all, I&#8217;m going to twist that in all the way.&nbsp; Do you understand?�
As soon as the beautiful brunette nodded, the older woman pulled the satin slave hood down over Mallory&#8217;s head again.&nbsp; It really did not matter whether the young woman resisted or not.&nbsp; Her fate was already decided.&nbsp; The only problem the slavers faced was how much resistance she, and her two friends would make.&nbsp; Not that it mattered at all, but if they remained passive, the task of turning them into slave girls would be so much simpler.
He turned her about so he could lift her over his right shoulder.&nbsp; With the handle of the dildo protruding from her bare bottom a few centimeters from his face, he carried her to the wagon they had hidden in the bushes along the road.&nbsp; They could not be seen from the road, even in daylight, but hooded as she was; the beautiful captive had no way of knowing that.&nbsp; He set her down next to the wagon facing away from the road.
Placing his left hand on her head, he forced her to bend over, and remain in that position.&nbsp; His right hand was free to pull the dildo out a centimeter or two.&nbsp; He twisted it as he inserted it.
�Stay bent over like this so everyone passing by can see that thing stuck up your ass.�
He had to utter no threats, as she knew what would happen to her if she did not obey.&nbsp; She remained bent over as she heard him walk away from her.
She was alone for less than five minutes as the second man return with Kara.&nbsp; Mallory heard him make the same threat to her.
About seven or eight minutes later, the first man return with Caitlin.&nbsp; This time there were no threats.&nbsp; They were about to move off.
The beautiful blonde heard the sound of a chain rattling.&nbsp; From the solid �clunk,� she guessed it was heavy.&nbsp; She felt the man fasten something about her neck.&nbsp; While not really a posture collar, it was about eight centimeters high.&nbsp; This forced her to hold her head steady.&nbsp; From the weight dragging her head down, she correctly guessed that one end of the chain was attached to it.
Mallory and Kara took their places beside her.&nbsp; These left the three young beautiful tethered to the back of the wagon.&nbsp; The wagon was there for the slavers to use.&nbsp; The captives could walk.
�One last little thing�� Loretta said with a giggle as she opened a gunnysack lying on the bed of the wagon.&nbsp; Inside were three large bells. She attached one to the handle of each dildo.
She did Mallory first and as she moved on to Kara, a man removed the shackles from between her ankles.&nbsp; 
�I want to hear those bells clanging while you walk.&nbsp; We want everyone to see how ridiculous you look.�
All three whimpered through their gags, wanting their captors to release them.
Had they been alone, each of the three secretly would have contemplated giving each an opportunity to regain her freedom.&nbsp; Let her use her cunt and mouth to try to get loose.&nbsp; It would be interesting to see just how far they would go to avoid becoming a slave girl.
They could try, but it would not gain them their freedom.&nbsp; They were bound and gagged.&nbsp; It would be a waste to let such sensual beauty go free.
The wagon moved slowly which was fortunate, as the three could not walk quickly.&nbsp; They wren unused to the high heels, that was bad enough, but on top that, they had those large dildos rammed up their asses and they were hooded.&nbsp; They had to work bowlegged, taking short steps as they threw their weight from one side to the other.
The bells clanged almost continuously as they trotted along.









Slave Girl in Bondage

Chapter 103

Taylor decided to get an early start in the morning, a day ahead of schedule.&nbsp; She needed a good night&#8217;s sleep for the long ride ahead but she wanted to have some fun.
Her favorite hotel in town was the Majestic.&nbsp; They knew her preferences.&nbsp; She would get the service she wanted and deserved.
When she checked in, she told the clerk she wanted the �Gold Star� service.&nbsp; The man waited until he had written down the order in the ledger, before letting his eyes wander over the blonde&#8217;s body.&nbsp; He wondered how he could get a piece of this action.
The Gold Star service included the rental of a suite instead of a room.&nbsp; There were extra things that had to be done.&nbsp; That was why Taylor paid an extra fifteen pfennings for this service, and as far as she was concerned, it was well worth it.
She checked her bag at the delivery service in the lobby.&nbsp; She would have no need of it.&nbsp; This was also the first step in adding an extra thrill to the Gold Star service.
Once in her room, she paced around it, examining everything that was there.&nbsp; The sitting room had the usual chairs and a sofa, with several end tables.
There was no bedroom.&nbsp; Instead, there was a table in the room.
This was the beginning of the Gold Star service.
A scratching at the door told her the service had began.&nbsp; She flung it open to reveal a French Maid.
The French Maid was incapable of knocking as they had locked her wrists behind her back.&nbsp; The key to her cuffs was attached to a ring at her throat.&nbsp; Secured to her arms was a bag containing everything she needed to provide Mallory with the service for which she had paid.
The beautiful blonde pulled her inside, licking her lips in anticipation.&nbsp; Before closing the door, she looked first to the left down the hall, then to the right.&nbsp; No one had seen the French Maid arrive.&nbsp; She doubted anyone she knew would know what the Gold Star service was, but she did not want to run the risk of exposure.&nbsp; In her line of business, this would be humiliating.&nbsp; It would also get her fired.
What the hell?
It would also get her many dates.
Grabbing the French Maid by the upper arm, she dragged her through the first room into the second.&nbsp; While the table was the only piece of furniture in the room, the usual bondage items hung down from hooks on the wall.&nbsp; She grabbed a chain tether as she passed.&nbsp; She attached one end to the French Maid&#8217;s collar and the other to a ring on the side of the table.
�Kneel,� she ordered as she walked toward the doorway.&nbsp; The slave girl obediently fell to her knees.&nbsp; Her faithful service as a slave girl had resulted in her getting this job.&nbsp; She knew she might have to service the regular customers if there were complaints. Taylor stripped down naked, leaving all her clothing on the sofa.&nbsp; From beneath an end table, she drew out a cardboard box in which she stuffed all her clothes.&nbsp; When everything was in it, she closed the box, sealing it with extra tape.&nbsp; Behind one chair, on an inner wall, there was an opening to a chute.&nbsp; She pushed the box in.&nbsp; Her clothing disappeared with a hollow thud.
As she heard the lid slam shut, her nipples became hard and pointed.&nbsp; She was naked in this hotel room, with no clothes.&nbsp; She could not get any.&nbsp; She was extremely helpless.
Talk about a real turn on!
She returned to the kneeling French Maid.&nbsp; She removed the shackles from her wrists.
With this done, she circled around the table until she stood under a couple of chains hanging down from the ceiling.
The French Maid removed the tether chain, being careful to hang it back on the wall.&nbsp; She next removed the pack from her bag.&nbsp; She dropped it on the table as she circled around it, in the opposite direction the blonde slaver had taken.&nbsp; On the far wall there was a windlass.&nbsp; She turned the handle four full turns, slowly causing the chains to drop down from the ceiling.&nbsp; When she judged they were at the correct height, she stopped.&nbsp; A pin held the chains at that height.
Taylor knew the rules of the game.&nbsp; She stood there with her hands down to her side, allowing the French Maid to pull her left hand over her head.&nbsp; Attached to the end of the chain was a leather cuff.&nbsp; She wrapped it about the blonde&#8217;s wrists, pulling it tight and buckling it.&nbsp; There was no need to use a padlock, as the captive would not be able to remove the cuff once the ends one was on.
She turned her attend to the right wrist, fastening the cuff about it.
The French Maid then returned to the windlass to give it a couple turns.&nbsp; She did not draw the captive&#8217;s feet off the floor, but she forced her to stand on her toes.
Sure, it was awkward and in a while it would become painful, but the French Maid knew that was the price the blonde had to pay for the Gold Star service.
This made it impossible for Taylor to resist, not that she wanted to.&nbsp; Rendering her completely helpless was part of the service.
The French Maid returned to the selection of bondage items on the wall to get a gag.&nbsp; While there were several different types to chose from, there was no much doubt which one she would chose.&nbsp; 
She held the dildo-gag in front of the blonde&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; The French Maid let it slid slowly past Taylor&#8217;s teeth.&nbsp; She then quickly pulled it out most of the way.&nbsp; When the crown was at the captive&#8217;s teeth, she rammed it in quickly again.&nbsp; In and out, in and out.&nbsp; Taylor could have complained, but it would have done her now good.&nbsp; Besides, it was this type of service she was paying for.
There was a great deal of frustration because the French Maid would not let her suck on it.&nbsp; She could only pretend it was the real thing.
When she grew tired of this game, the French Maid pushed the dildo forward so the strap touched the blonde&#8217;s lips.&nbsp; With her other hand, she pulled the ends of both strap together behind Taylor&#8217;s head.
She then turned her attention to securing the ends of the strap together.&nbsp; She pushed the working end through the buckle.&nbsp; The next step was to pull the blonde&#8217;s beautiful tresses free.&nbsp; She then pulled hard on the working end of the strap, drawing the dildo deep into the captive&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; (Was there any other way to wear it?)&nbsp; She then buckled the ends together tightly so the dildo could not come out.
The French Maid circled her captive twice.&nbsp; There were only general guidelines she had to follow.&nbsp; She had to have the client in a particular position within two hours.&nbsp; What happened in the interim was&nbsp; up to her.
The shoulder-length satin gloves she wore kept her from getting a good grip but she was certain it was enough to feel uncomfortable.&nbsp; Standing behind the helpless blonde, she reached around her to grab the nipples of her titties.&nbsp;&nbsp; She squeezed as tightly as she could, twisting her hands to create as much pain as was possible.
This was a standard feature of the Gold Star service.&nbsp; The client had to be punished for having the titties of a slave girl.&nbsp; No matter how big or little (on the other hand no woman&#8217;s were little), they had to be punished.
She kept them up for five minutes, pinching and twisting.&nbsp; Taylor&#8217;s nipples already were hard, and the French Maid manipulated&nbsp; them to make her more aroused.
Eventually it came time to dress the luscious blonde in her working attire.
The garter belt came first.&nbsp; The French Maid wrapped it about the blonde&#8217;s hips and hooked it.&nbsp; A few minor adjustments were necessary so it was on correctly.
Next came the stockings, sheer black except for the seam up the back.&nbsp; With her body stretched out to take the weight of her body off her arms, she could not have resisted if she would have wanted to.
The French Maid pulled both up before adjusting the placement on the blonde&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; The seam had to be straight.
The black patent leather high heels were last.&nbsp; Once she had them strapped to the blonde&#8217;s feet, she was ready to proceed to the next step of the Gold Star service.
She pulled the pins so Taylor&#8217;s long tresses hung free down her back.
The French Maid freed the blonde&#8217;s left wrist, then her right.&nbsp; Taylor rotated her shoulders to remove the stiffness from the position.&nbsp; As she did that, her captoress pushed her toward the table.
Taylor crawled up on it, immediately altering her position so she sat on the surface.&nbsp; She then pushed herself back toward the end of the table behind her.
When she judged she was in the correct position, she laid back.
The position of her body on the table was not correct, it was close, but not correct.&nbsp; The French Maid paced around the table to determine what adjustments had to be made.&nbsp; She moved to the foot of the table to grab the blonde&#8217;s thighs to pull her toward her.&nbsp; Taylor&#8217;s legs hung over the edge.
She then moved to the other end of the table.
This table served no other function than to be the resting spot for slave girls.&nbsp; Cut in the end was a groove so Taylor&#8217;s head could hang over the edge.
With this done, the French Maid then passed the first of many straps over the blonde&#8217;s body.&nbsp; The first cross her upper chest a couple centimeters from her titties.&nbsp; The second was across her slender waist.
The French Maid then secured straps to the blonde&#8217;s wrists.&nbsp; The buckles were designed so a person needed two hands to remove the strap from the wrist of the captive.&nbsp; Since Taylor could not reach them with her right hand because the straps were too short, she could not get free.&nbsp; The French Maid had bound her helpless and vulnerable.
The shortness of the strap also made it impossible for her to reach her titties or her crotch.
More straps went across her thighs, pinning them to the table so they were spread far apart.&nbsp; A final set went about the ankles.&nbsp; They added nothing to the captive&#8217;s sense of helplessness, but they did insure she could not kick.
The French Maid then selected a short chain with a pair of locks on the ends.&nbsp; She removed her ballgag as she moved back toward the blonde&#8217;s feet.&nbsp; As she knelt, she dropped the ballgag on the floor.
The chain went between her collar and the edge of the table.&nbsp; Her face was only a few centimeters from the blonde&#8217;s vulnerable pussy.
She put her hands behind her back to lock them there before she began licking.
It did not take Taylor long to achieve her first orgasm.&nbsp; After a couple dozen, she was ready for the French Maid to quit, but that was not to be.&nbsp; She knew she would continue licking until someone told her to stop.&nbsp; Taylor could not, of course.&nbsp; She conveniently had that dildo gag rammed into her mouth.&nbsp; All she could do was made sucking noises as she enjoyed it in her mouth.
Ah, what frustration!&nbsp; Having to come repeatedly with no means of controlling how often and when it would stop.
That was why the Gold Star service was so expensive.
Of course, Taylor&#8217;s mouth was being wasted sucking on that dildo in her mouth.&nbsp; They gave the French Maid time make the blonde completely compliant before bringing the slave girls in.
There were six of them &#8211; obedient little slave girls who did everything ordered without thinking.&nbsp; What could ask any more of them?&nbsp; As a result, they were scheduled to be rewarded for their servitude.
With them were two whipmistresses.&nbsp; One was more than sufficient, but everyone wanted to be part of the service, and it was difficult limiting it to just two.
While one tethered the six in the sitting room, the other went in back to check on Taylor&#8217;s progress.&nbsp; The plaintive look on the captive&#8217;s beautiful face told her that the blonde was ripe for further humiliation.&nbsp; Removing her crotch strap, she moved to the top of Taylor&#8217;s head.&nbsp; From that position she had no trouble getting at the buckle holding the dildo gag in the blonde&#8217;s mouth.
As soon as it was out, she moved forward so she straddled Taylor&#8217;s face.&nbsp; Her pussy pressed against the blonde&#8217;s waiting mouth.&nbsp; The captive kept her mouth open, her tongue moving.
�Hmmmmmmmmmmmm!�
Taylor&#8217;s tongue was quite good.
She remained in that position for several minutes, allowing herself to come repeatedly.
�Aren&#8217;t you finished yet?� the other whipmistress asked from the doorway.&nbsp; Once she had the six tethered, she moved to the doorway to await her turn.&nbsp; She leaned up against the doorframe.
�Ahhhhhhhhhhhllllllmost!�
While the second whipmistress enjoyed the pleasure of Taylor&#8217;s tongue, the first prepared the first slave girl for her treat.&nbsp; She knew what was about to happen to her.&nbsp; Her nipples became hard and pointed in anticipation.
Finally, it was her turn.&nbsp; She straddled the blonde&#8217;s face so the luscious captive could lick her pussy.
As has been noted before, there is nothing lower than a woman who eats the pussy of a slave girl.&nbsp; That was why Taylor had to pay so much for this.&nbsp; She totally enjoyed the humiliation of what they had her do.
The whipmistresses remained near the slave girl, counting her orgasms.&nbsp; She was allowed eight.&nbsp; Yes, that was a very high number, but the management of this establishment believed that a happy slave girl made the clients happy.&nbsp; Their slave girls would do anything to have the opportunity to sit on a free woman&#8217;s face.
When she came for the sixth time, one whipmistress went into the sitting room to get the next slave girl. She returned leading her just as the first slave girl came for the eighth time.
They pulled her off, replacing her with the second.
Taylor&#8217;s mouth and tongue were tired already (while she had played these types of games often before, she certainly did not have the training and experience of a real slave girl), but there always seemed to be another slave girl who needed her tongue.
When they reached the end of the group, as one whipmistress took the slave girl back to the sitting room, the other straddled the blonde&#8217;s face for seconds.&nbsp; She could tell the difference in Taylor&#8217;s technique.&nbsp; The movement of her tongue was much slower, but it did the job quicker.
When the whipmistress had come two or three times, she got off to let her sister mistress have a turn.
Instead of returning to the slave girls, she walked to the foot of the table where the French Maid still licked furiously at Taylor&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; (Unlike the blonde, she had abundant training and experience.)&nbsp; The mistress scooped up the ballgag with her left hand.&nbsp; That hand then unhooked the tether chain while her right pulled the slave girl&#8217;s head back.&nbsp; In one fluid motion, she popped the ballgag in the woman&#8217;s mouth.
Of course, the French Maid deserved rewards also.&nbsp; When the whipmistresses had finished, they placed her of the blonde&#8217;s head.&nbsp; They did not bother tethering her there. What fool slave girl would run away when she had the opportunity of having her pussy licked by a free woman?
The whipmistresses took their six slave girls back downstairs.&nbsp; At their arrival, it was time for another whipmistress to pay Taylor a visit.
First she pulled the French Maid off the blonde&#8217;s face.&nbsp; Immediately, she popped the ballgag in her mouth, loosely fastening the strap.
She took the French Maid out into the hall here she tethered her beside the door.&nbsp; Someone would come for her eventually.&nbsp; Until then she was another lovely ornament decorating the inn.
She returned to Taylor and her lovely mouth.&nbsp; The ballgag came out, and her pussy came on the captive&#8217;s face.
That whipmistress had with her the abbreviated black satin outfit of a French Maid.&nbsp; She dropped it on the floor at the foot of the table.&nbsp; The straps came off, but the blonde made no effort to rise.&nbsp; No wonder.&nbsp; She was so exhausted she could hardly move.
Being still was not an option.&nbsp; The woman dragged her from the table to the chains where she had been bound an hour or two earlier.&nbsp; She attached a leather cuff to one wrist, then the other.&nbsp; The blonde hung limply from her bondage.
The whipmistress went to the windlass to give it a couple full turns.&nbsp; That was enough to bring the captive&#8217;s feet a few centimeters off the floor.
As she hung there limply, Taylor could not resist as the woman fastened the French Maid&#8217;s outfit about her body.&nbsp; It snapped up the back and down the sleeves.&nbsp; (Not only was it easy to put on, it was easier to remove.)
The only other item was a black velvet choker.&nbsp; Unless you looked closely at it, you would think it was a black leather slave collar.
It was more than a thin piece of velvet though.&nbsp; It was reinforced with steel wires.&nbsp; When a leash was attached to the ring in front, a mistress could pull her along as though she was a slave girl.&nbsp; 
The whipmistress attached a leash to the ring.&nbsp; When she lowered Taylor, she fell to her knees on the floor.
The mistress walked back to the captive slowly.&nbsp; She knew Taylor was going nowhere.&nbsp; Bending to get the leash, she tugged on it once as she whispered in the blonde&#8217;s ear.
�Come on, Princess.&nbsp; It&#8217;s time to play.�
The buxom blonde was too exhausted to protest as the mistress led her from the sanctuary of the room.&nbsp; She found herself stuffed in a slave elevator, and a couple minutes later, she found herself on the first floor near the lobby.
There were few people about that time of night, a fact that Taylor was thankful for.&nbsp; Still, there was the occasional passerby or reveler coming in late from a party.
The mistress turned the blonde so she faced the wall.
�Legs apart.�
She had never noticed that the hotel had marble walls a couple feet up on the first floor.
�Bent over.�
As soon as she did that, the woman removed the gag.
�Lick the wall.&nbsp; Keep licking it until I tell you to stop.�
So there was Taylor bent over in public so her pussy was exposed.&nbsp; Most people walked by without paying her any attention.&nbsp; A couple men though found her pussy to appealing to pass up, and one woman used two fingers on her.
She wished they would allow her to suck cock, but what she did was not her decision.&nbsp; Except for the whipmistresses, everyone though she was a slave girl.
The blonde&#8217;s soft lips and wet tongue caressed cold smooth surface of the stone as she became aroused again.
Normally, the service ended in the middle of the night.&nbsp; The client was sure to sleep soundly after all the physical activity she had undertaken since she checked in.&nbsp; 
The Majestic, it seems was short of slave girls.&nbsp; Taylor found herself being impressed to help with some late arrivals.&nbsp; The beautiful blonde found herself satisfying a traveling salesman.&nbsp; Though long sessions she spent sucking a dildo paid off.
Then there was the husband and wife.&nbsp; The husband wanted to watch while Taylor and his wife went at it hot and heavy on the bed. 
Eventually the games came to an end.&nbsp; Dawn approacheth.
Taylor had planned to ride to Carston to arrive early in the day so she could get a head start on her investigation.&nbsp; The remainder of her team would arrive in the morning.&nbsp; She wanted the case solved by then.
She went by coach instead.&nbsp; Despite the constant jolting as the wheels bounced on the rough road, she fell asleep.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 107

Yvette lay on her back with her arms straight-out to her sides.&nbsp; She could not say that this was an uncomfortable position because they had taken extra care to insure that no ropes dug into her tender flesh.&nbsp; A pair of stakes was driven into the ground on each side of her wrists, providing the basis for her bondage.&nbsp; A leather strap connected the two stakes, pinning her wrists and the rest of her arm to the ground.&nbsp; There was one strap across each wrist, and a third strap across her lower chest, just below her big titties. 
They had pulled her legs back and outwards so one knee was against each side of her chest.&nbsp; A leather strap ran from her wrists across the back of her knees and down to the other wrist.&nbsp; There was a purpose that this.
They fastened about each ankle a leather strap to which was riveted a dozen little bells.&nbsp; Every time she moved her legs, the bells jangled.&nbsp; There was enough slack in the leather strap holding her legs back to that she was able to move quite a bit.
And move them she did.
The bells jingled almost continuously.&nbsp; She was motivated to do this though.&nbsp; Every time Yvette felt another orgasm coming, her body would suffer a spasm, causing her body to shake, her legs to move back and forth uncontrollably, causing the bells to jangle.
This was not to test Yvette&#8217;s reflexes when it came to having her pussy licked.&nbsp; This exercise was to test the person who was licking.
In this case the oral satisfier was Sandy.
She had not assumed this position without some urging.&nbsp; The multiple red marks on her bottom showed where they had spanked her repeatedly to get her to perform.&nbsp; Several days of intense practice had broken down all desire to resist.&nbsp; She did not care whose pussy she was eating.&nbsp; She only wanted to avoid another paddling.
As she licked her friend&#8217;s pussy, Yvette responded by wiggling her legs.&nbsp; Everyone standing around could tell what a good job Sandy was doing.&nbsp; The little bells rang almost continuously.
Those standing around were the potential buyers.
The transit company had been a hoax, as we have seen.&nbsp; The slave girls being transported had been hijacked, and were about to be sold.&nbsp; The selling place was up in hills where there was little likelihood that they would be harassed by the authorities.&nbsp; No one would stumble on them by accident, and they were certain they were beyond the reach of the authorities of any town.
After Sandy showed them what she could do, it was Yvette&#8217;s turn to use her tongue.&nbsp; They slid Sandy back a few centimeters.&nbsp; Once they had room to move, they popped a rubber ball in her mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; It took only seconds to fasten the strap behind her head so she could say nothing.&nbsp; For her role in the demonstration, she had to say nothing.
Two other women worked on Yvette, freeing her from her bondage.&nbsp; First they removed the strap holding her legs in the air.&nbsp; Then they removed her strap across her chest.&nbsp; They rolled her onto her side where they used a cord to bind her wrists together.&nbsp; Another cord went about her arms and the elbows so she was totally helpless.
They dragged her over to the side and had her kneel while they put Sandy in the same position she had been in.
The buxom brunette was untied and forced to lie on her back in the same position that Yvette had been.&nbsp;&nbsp; They treated her arms so they could pull them out to the side and hold them between the posts in the ground.&nbsp;&nbsp; They quickly fastened the leather strap across each wrist.&nbsp;&nbsp; They grabbed each wrist and pulled it back until her knees touched her chest.&nbsp;&nbsp; One woman passed one end of the long strap to Sandy&#8217;s left wrist, and tossed it across the beautiful brunette&#8217;s thighs where her companion took it. 
The woman pulled it down to Sandy&#8217;s other wrist where she fastened it with a secure hitch.&nbsp;&nbsp; Before moving off, they made certain they had left enough slack for the captive to move her legs.&nbsp;&nbsp; They returned in seconds, each carrying a leather strap to which was riveted a dozen small bells.&nbsp; Each buckled a strap to the brunette&#8217;s ankle.&nbsp; They tested this again by jerking her legs back and forth.&nbsp;&nbsp; The bells jingled.
They turned their attention to Yvette.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was already bound in the desired position so all they had to do was pull her forward toward Sandy&#8217;s crotch where the brunette had laid the few minutes before.&nbsp;&nbsp; A leather strap across her lower back and another across her shoulders kept her in that position.&nbsp;&nbsp; They pulled the ball gag from her mouth and slid the bench forward until her mouth was over her friend&#8217;s pussy.
The signal to start licking came when a guard pushed her face forward so her lips touched the beautiful woman&#8217;s pussy.
In a matter of seconds, Sandy jerked her legs as she moved rapidly towards an orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yvette had to spend so much time pretending to be a slave girl that it took little to force her to do this.&nbsp;&nbsp; When she was thinking of herself as a slave girl, she obeyed every given her.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was no different now that she was a captive of these women. She had few red marks on her bottom.&nbsp; She needed little encouragement for her to perform as they wished.
Thelma Thomas was the leader of this operation.&nbsp;&nbsp; She walked back and forth behind the small crowd of potential buyers watching them as they watched Yvette&#8217;s tongue work.&nbsp;&nbsp; She estimated how much money she would gain from selling this group of slave girls.&nbsp;&nbsp; The overhead costs were high because they had to move from town to town.
At least she did not have to worry about stock shrinkage.&nbsp; No one was going to shoplift her merchandise.
Some of the slave girls who had already shown the prowess of their tongues were bound spreadeagle out of the way so the potential bidders could inspect their bodies more closely without interfering with the action going on in the center.
Moving among the guests with tray holding goblets of cheap wine were other slave girls.&nbsp; She acquired them earlier in the day when they tumbled into her grasp.&nbsp; 
A coach had broken a wheel.&nbsp; The passengers were seated in the shade while the driver walked into town.&nbsp; Among the passengers were four lovely young ladies.&nbsp; Thelma offered them a ride to the next way station.
Instead, they ended up in her encampment.&nbsp; Stripped of their finery, they wore more practical clothing &#8211; high heels, sheer black stockings, garter belts, and shoulder length white satin gloves.
Short chains ran from their wrists to their waists so they could not protect pussies or tits.
Dangling from the collar of each was a little tag that read:&nbsp; �Buy me.�
They were inexperienced so she would not get much for them, but that did not matter.&nbsp; Their sale would be pure profit.
Since they were the only items of merchandise with a �for sale� sign on them, the buyers looked closely.&nbsp; The four young women who at the beginning of the day were so proud of their modesty, now had their titties and pussies fondled and probed.&nbsp; When asked to assume �the position,� they did so with little hesitation.&nbsp; (Yes, they did hesitate, but they had been paddled enough that day to teach them the folly of refusing to obey any order.)
She motioned Leah Lawson over to her.&nbsp; Leah was the head of her security force.&nbsp; While they worked their scam in town, she had looked for a secure place where they could hold the auction.
She had nine women working for her so there were ten guards in all, far more than they ever needed.&nbsp; She did not believe in taking chances.&nbsp; As far as Leah was concerned, her job of finding a good sales point was as important as that of securing the merchandise in town.&nbsp; 
Leah placed two guards on that windy grass-covered trail leading up from the main road.&nbsp; The other seven she had spread out in the woods on the hillsides about them.&nbsp; There was no chance that anyone could sneak up on them unnoticed, even though several large bonfires were burning.&nbsp; To see them, you would have to be on the high ground, and her guards would give warning that someone was coming.
Leah was one of those women who became a guard or a whipmistress to protect herself.&nbsp; She had far above average looks and extremely large bosom. She knew she was a candidate for slavery if she ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time.&nbsp; The best way to protect herself was to be the guard where she would have the slavers protecting her.
�I want you to go out and check your guards,� Thelma said.&nbsp; �With a little luck, we will be out of here in an hour or two.&nbsp; Make sure everything is okay out there.�
�I am sure it is okay.&nbsp; I placed the guards myself.�
�Well, go to check them anyway.�
Leah was just a hired employee.&nbsp; She was not part of the cabal that had hijacked the slave girls.&nbsp;&nbsp; She shrugged and handed up into the brush.&nbsp; She climbed the nearest hill.&nbsp;&nbsp; A frown appeared on her lovely face when she reached the crest of the hill.&nbsp; As she walked to the left, the frown grew stronger.&nbsp; She could not find her guard.&nbsp;&nbsp; That bothered her a little, but not too much.&nbsp;&nbsp; Perhaps the woman had moved down over the hillside.&nbsp;&nbsp; She continued moving along the crest of the hill, descending the slope on one hill and ascending the slope toward the next.&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard she left there was missing also.&nbsp; This concerned her a lot.&nbsp;&nbsp; She decided to check the hill closest to the road before reporting to Thelma.
When she reached the spot where she posted the guard, she heard movement in the trees down below.&nbsp;&nbsp; She crouched down to look.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was far too dark to see what was there, but she could tell by the sounds that somebody was ascending the hill, moving to her right.
Considering discretion to be the better part about valor, she decided to wait to see what happened.&nbsp;&nbsp; The person moving toward her stumbled over a branch and cursed.
It was a woman&#8217;s voice.&nbsp;&nbsp; It had to be one of her guards.
�What is going on?�
�I thought I heard something.&nbsp; Come here and look.�
Leah arose from her squatting position and moved down the hill.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a woman who led her down the hill, but she could distinguish nothing about her.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was taken by surprise when the man came from behind her and slapped the duct tape over her mouth.
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
Hands pulled her arms behind her back.&nbsp;&nbsp; As they moved backwards, the weight of a body pushed her to her knees.&nbsp;&nbsp; She could neither punch nor scratch as she landed facedown on the ground.&nbsp;&nbsp; The woman she had followed pounced on her to tie her hands together behind her back.
She felt the disrobing knife cutting await her clothing.&nbsp;&nbsp; A matter of minutes she was stark naked.&nbsp;&nbsp; They were not done with her yet though.&nbsp;&nbsp; While the two figures pinned her body to the ground, one of them tied her ankles together.&nbsp; She was helpless.&nbsp; She was bound and gagged.&nbsp; She could not resist.&nbsp; She could not cry out.&nbsp; She could not run away.
The woman pulled a satin slave hood from her belt and pulled it over her head.&nbsp; Now she could no longer see.
The second person picked her up to flung her over his shoulder.&nbsp;&nbsp; She felt herself bouncing up and down as he trotted down the hillside.
The action continued on the crest of the hill.
�Is that all of them?�
�We got them all, Boss.�
�Then let us join the party and collect my merchandise.�
There is a certain anonymity about being a slave girl.&nbsp; When any free man or woman sees a slave girl, all he or she sees is a sexy body.&nbsp; There were over twenty slave girls bound in various positions in the clearing.&nbsp; Though the bonfires were large, the light cast strong shadows so it was difficult to figure out which slave girl was which.
Canjac and two men emerged from the bushes on the right side of the clearing to get a better view of the layout.&nbsp; Yvette did such a good job with her tongue on Sandy&#8217;s pussy that all eyes were on her.&nbsp; No one paid attention to what was happening in the bushes at the far end of the clearing.
By process of elimination they were able to exclude all the blondes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Danielle had normal sizes tits, which is to say they were very large, but it was obvious that Sandy was not Danielle.&nbsp;&nbsp; That narrowed it down to about six.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only way they would be able to tell which one was Danielle was by checking serial number on her collar.&nbsp;&nbsp; They doubted the rustlers would go to the trouble of replacing the collar, since they did not expect problems outside town.
�Let&#8217;s move back,� Canjac whispered.
Further back from the clearing, he whispered his plan to the men.&nbsp; The blonde and the wagon teamsters guarded the prisoners at the wagon.&nbsp; He had eleven men with him.&nbsp; Having disposed of the guards, he needed only a few to move to the next step of the operation.&nbsp; He had far too many men for what he planned, but part of his plan for success was to have overwhelming numbers.&nbsp; The women were talking among themselves and the bonfires were crackling.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was certain they did not know they were there.
�Ladies, I believe you have something that belongs to me.�
Canjac step out of the bushes followed by three of his men.&nbsp; Two more men stood in the bushes the women could see them.&nbsp; Another man moved through the bushes to each side.&nbsp; 
They could not know how many men he had, but in the darkness, they would think it was more than he had.&nbsp; He moved closer to them.&nbsp; He was not certain who was in charge but that did not matter.&nbsp; He figured he could intimidate them merely by his presence.
�You had better get out of here. I have guards.�&nbsp; Thelma snarled.
�You had guards,� he said, stressing the word �had.�&nbsp; �Ten of them.&nbsp; But not anymore.&nbsp; But I am willing to sell them to you.�
Thelma took a step forward at this announcement.&nbsp; At this first sign of resistance, two more of his men came out of the bushes, standing at the edge of the clearing.&nbsp; As he planned, the woman had no idea just how many men he had with him, but they assumed the worst.&nbsp;&nbsp; At the same time, three men pulled out their disrobing knives.
The threat was obvious.&nbsp; If the women resisted, the man threatened to turn them in the slave girls.
Canjac signaled his men to start with a wave of his left hand.&nbsp; The men raced along to the line of slave girls, having already identified those who were good candidates to be Danielle.&nbsp; Some were bound as Yvette and Sandy were, linking to one another.&nbsp; Others were bound spreadeagle between posts.&nbsp; These were on display, having already shown just how servile they were.
The men grabbed the six slave girls by hair to pull down so they could see the serial number on the back of the collar.&nbsp;&nbsp; It took less than a minute for them to identify Danielle.
�Here she is, Boss.�
The man used his disrobing knife to cut the four ropes binding her arms and legs the post.&nbsp;&nbsp; He spun her around in quickly bound her wrist behind her back.&nbsp;&nbsp; Next he pulled the ballgag from her mouth, dropping it on the ground.&nbsp;&nbsp; He inserted a dildo gag.&nbsp; By a reflex, Danielle sucked on it.&nbsp; She was a good little slave girl.
He buckled the ends of the strap together behind her head on top of her hair.&nbsp; They were in a hurry to get out of here.
The man who had identified Danielle picked her up so he could put her over his shoulder.&nbsp; He trotted from the clearing through the bushes toward the top the hill.&nbsp; Canjac singled his men to fall back.&nbsp; When the last stepped disappeared from sight, he moved toward the bushes,
�It&#8217;s been a business doing pleasure with you, Ladies.�
Without further taunting, he disappeared into the bushes.
Some women were so glad these men were gone that they laughed nervously.&nbsp; Others were indignant.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of those standing in the last row turned to her friend who accompanied here there.&nbsp;&nbsp; �Who is that?�
�I don&#8217;t know, Erin.�
Canjac and Erin.&nbsp;&nbsp; Two more storylines begin to weave together.
Thelma wasted no time to get the auction started.
�Okay, Ladies.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have to make up for some business expenses that had just occurred.&nbsp;&nbsp; Open up your purses and let us begin the bidding.�
On the far side of the hill, the men had Danielle in the back of a woman with four of the captive guards.&nbsp; 
The road to the north led home.&nbsp; Canjac pointed across a field.
�We go that way, to Carston.&nbsp; If they intend to pursue us, they will think we went that direction.�









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 108

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Being one of the foremost experts in his profession in the area, Canjac was on the �A� list when it came to social functions.&nbsp; His stopover in Carston was no different.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac registered at the most expensive inn in town.&nbsp; He had time only to select a couple of slave girls to serve as French Maids (he got two &#8211; remember, he was on the �A� list) before the invitation came.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marcus Fractus operated outside the big town.&nbsp; In the past, he had sold some goods to Canjac, but with the demise of DAMM and the pending collapse of the Amazons, our favorite slaver had no need for slave girls he did not acquire on his own.&nbsp; MF (as he like to be called) thought that perhaps he had done something to offend Canjac.&nbsp; His arrival in the same town that MF was running one of his schemes gave the latter the chance to impress the slaver.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I call it Consumer Credit Unlimited.&nbsp; Easy credit.&nbsp; Low payments.&nbsp; Low interest.&nbsp; Quite lucrative.&nbsp; No one has noticed that the credit is only extended to young women.&nbsp; They love the money.&nbsp; They can buy all the shoes and bags they could ever dream of.&nbsp; There are even a couple of designers I&#8217;m negotiating with to open branch stores in town to stimulate more sales.&nbsp; Imagine the allure of that!&nbsp; Who could resist?&nbsp; Spend!&nbsp; Spend! Spend!&nbsp; That is what it is all about.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Until?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Until the credit level passes a certain threshold.&nbsp; At that point the minimum payment balloons.&nbsp; Yessireebob, Whacko!&nbsp; They have this huge payment they have to make.&nbsp; But anything is negotiable.&nbsp; Yessireebob.&nbsp; Anything is negotiable.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�The credit is extended &#8211; sometimes the credit level is even increased in exchange for one of their friends.&nbsp; You know they all they that one friend that they can tolerate but do not like.&nbsp; In exchange for her, the debt is extended.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Once the first is turned over to me, the second and third are easy.&nbsp; Then alone and friendless, hurt with the guilt of what they have done, I offer then a job as a credit counselor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�That is what we have here tonight.&nbsp; Half a dozen choice morsels who thought they were coming to a seminar on becoming a credit counselor.&nbsp; Instead, they provide a little show for us and find a profession much more suited for their bodies.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac liked the general idea, but his methods of turning women into slave girls was much more subtle.&nbsp; He knew MF preferred the direct approach &#8211; paddle a woman&#8217;s ass until she could not take more, then started spanking her in earnest.&nbsp; The only problem he had with the items he purchased from MF was that their bottoms were too sore for them to do much for a couple weeks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The subtle approach was much better.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Still, he was stuck in this town for the night.&nbsp; He might as well have some fun out of it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MF owned a training facility in the center of town that was near the building that supposedly was where the credit-counseling seminar would be.&nbsp; Most of the time he used it to train slave girls, or perhaps he would rent it out to others.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tonight though it served as a place of submission.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Would you like to see my trainers?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He led Canjac around in back where there were several kennels to keep his captives.&nbsp; Unlike our hero, he employed whipmistresses as he enjoyed the sound of a whip landing on soft flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As MF and Canjac approached, a whipmistress pulled a blonde from a cage in one of the rooms.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�This is�� MF had to look at the little golden disk hanging from her collar.&nbsp; She was a blonde.&nbsp; Other than that he knew nothing about her.&nbsp; �Charli.&nbsp; Oh, yes, Charli!&nbsp; I remember her.&nbsp; She was in the last group I harvested.�&nbsp; As he said that he fondled her tittie.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac noticed that she did not cringe when he felt her.&nbsp; He could see the warm redness on her hips and knew it extended around to bottom.&nbsp; It was not his way of turning a woman into a slave girl, but it was effective.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Why don&#8217;t we use Charli as a test case to see how my trainers are prepared.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He motioned the whipmistress to continue.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress took the slave girl to a larger room where half a dozen bound and hooded slave girls waited.&nbsp; It was Charli&#8217;s turn to be prepared.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress tethered the blonde to a chain hanging down from the ceiling.&nbsp; She crossed the room to a table to get a black leather hood.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slave girls could do this, but it also was a form of bondage so it was not uncommon for a master or mistress to take delight in fastening the hood in place.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Though some slave hoods had a triangle hole for the nose, this one was molded so the nose was covered.&nbsp; Only the bottom was uncovered where the nostrils were.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Standing behind Charli, the mistress held the hood in the palm of her right hand.&nbsp; As she raised it toward the beautiful blonde&#8217;s face, she placed her left hand against the back of her victim&#8217;s head.&nbsp; The slave girl knew the utter futility of resisting so she did not try to stop the woman from pressing the leather bondage device against her face.&nbsp; Holding on to the captive&#8217;s head gave her better perspective on how to position it.&nbsp; She moved it above a little so the blonde&#8217;s nose fit in the depression designed for it.&nbsp; The mistress&#8217;s hold then moved from the blonde&#8217;s head to the left flap.&nbsp; She held it with a couple fingers while she grabbed the other flap between her thumb and index finger.&nbsp; She held the leather hood on the captive&#8217;s face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she knew she had it on properly, she moved her right hand around in back.&nbsp; A lacing hung from a ring near the top of her head.&nbsp; The mistress grabbed one end with each hand.&nbsp; Back and forth she worked it as she looped it over hooks on both sides.&nbsp; At the bottom, she tied the ends into a large bow.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While she could tighten the lacing by pulled on the sections where they ran from one side to the other, she saw no need to do that.&nbsp; The final item on this part of her bondage was a leather posture collar that fit about the wearer&#8217;s neck.&nbsp; (It also covered the bow so no one could get at it without removing the collar first.)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac knew the eyeholes in the hood made it difficult for the wearer to see to either side.&nbsp; The posture collar would force her to stare straight ahead.&nbsp; The result of her bondage was that she could see only straight ahead.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were not finished with her slave hood yet.&nbsp; The final step was to fasten a blindfold across her eyes.&nbsp; It snapped to the hood midway between the eyes and ears so it could not slip from position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac knew the blindfold would come off shortly, or the slave hood would not have had eyeholes. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A broad leather belt encircled the blonde&#8217;s chest above her large titties.&nbsp; The ends buckled together in front (so there was no way the slave girl could get at the buckle).&nbsp; When the mistress finished rebinding the blonde, Canjac saw a leather cuff locked to each wrist.&nbsp; They bent each arm behind her back so it pointed to the opposite shoulder.&nbsp; They locked it in position using a small padlock to secure a ring on the cuff to the belt about her chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;ll take her,� MF said to the mistress who had attached a chain leash to the hood near where her collar was.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;ll show you the play area,� he said to Canjac as he tugged on the leash.&nbsp; The slave girl started forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They moved down a short hallway to an open room.&nbsp; Canjac could tell the room was used for some sort of fun with slave girls as it had seats on three sides.&nbsp; In the center was a metal post.&nbsp; From the bracket mounted on top, Canjac saw that it was used to have slave girls parade about it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Four slave girls stood in the room at four different places around a circle.&nbsp; They could not move from the spot as each ankle wore a leather cuff.&nbsp; A chain ran between it and a ring in the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MF secured Charli to a ring 45 degrees in the circle beyond the last slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Come up here, have a seat.&nbsp; The contest will begin soon.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They time they were seated, a sixth slave girl had been added.&nbsp; As French Maid delivered cold drinks, the last slave girl was secured in position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At this point, the spectators were allowed in.&nbsp; Some were MF&#8217;s retainers, others were prospective buyers.&nbsp; Some were men (and women) who enjoyed beautiful young women being turned into slave girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Each one of these eight has her own scorer who will record the number of whacks she delivers to the woman&#8217;s bottom.&nbsp; A blow to the lower back or the thighs does not count.&nbsp; It has to be a blow to the fanny, right where it is the roundest and meatiest.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Who wins?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Seven of them win.&nbsp; The eighth slave girl, the one who delivers the fewest blows, she gets to perform here herself.&nbsp; Here comes last month&#8217;s loser.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Knowing her fate, two guards had to drag the slave girl into the room.&nbsp; She kicked and twisted, but since she bound as a slave girl, nothing she did would help her.&nbsp; In most cases, her actions would have resulted in further punishment.&nbsp; Well, she would still get extra paddling for her efforts, but she knew she was in for it anyway.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They flipped the slave girl onto her back.&nbsp; One man held her feet in the air, the other retrieved a spreader bar.&nbsp; The slave girl thrashed about but did little to stop the man from buckling one leather cuff to her left thigh immediately above the knee.&nbsp; The man had to step around her head to get at the other ankle.&nbsp; When he stepped back, the slave girl could not pull her legs together.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Usually, a spreader bar was used to allow unlimited access to the captive&#8217;s pussy, but MF used the spreader bar for a different reason.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the man left go of her legs, the slave girl fell back limply.&nbsp; Her fate was determined.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They let her lay there while they retrieved a three-meter long pole.&nbsp; One end hooked on that center pole.&nbsp; The man gave it a shove to make certain it would rotate freely about that center pole.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the pole could rotate only counterclockwise, it did have some flexibility when it came to moving up and down.&nbsp; The movement was only a few centimeters down from 90 degrees.&nbsp; It would not move below a certain fixed point.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man swung it around so it was near the starting point.&nbsp; (If you consider that Canjac and MF sat in the six o&#8217;clock position, the starting point was at three o&#8217;clock.)&nbsp; The two men then hauled the slave girl to her feet, rotating her a few degrees so she faced the two men.&nbsp; One man held her upper body as the other attached the pole near the end to her collar.&nbsp; She could move, but only in a circle around the center post.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They pushed her down as far as the pole would allow.&nbsp; A chain from her collar to a ring on the spreader bar insured that she could not straighten up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Other men and women moved into the punishment area to prepared the eight slave girls standing around the circle.&nbsp; The right hand was released, but a leather glove was strapped to the hand.&nbsp; To the glove was attached a switch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two men had not been idle during this time.&nbsp; One man tied one end of a rope to the naked captive&#8217;s left wrist.&nbsp; The other man held her arms up away from her fanny as the first man passed it over the right shoulder, under the arm, across the back, under the left arm, over the left shoulder, and down to the right wrist.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captive&#8217;s hands were held up away from her fanny so she could not use them to protect the target area.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Quickly, the punishment area cleared of people.&nbsp; When MF nodded at some unseen watcher, a bell rang.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Instantly, Charli swung the switch down against the captive&#8217;s bare ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave girl tried to straighten up, but&nbsp; could not.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The starting position was the perfect area for Charli to whack her bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eventually she got the idea.&nbsp; She had to race around the circle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, perhaps race is not the word to use.&nbsp; She had to lift her foot in the air.&nbsp; When she set it down, it was in the same position from which it had begun.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tried the right foot.&nbsp; Maybe she got half a centimeter.&nbsp; It was not much.&nbsp; At that rate, she would suffer hundreds of swats before she finished her first circuit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she moved out of Charli&#8217;s reach, she moved into the target area of the next slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blows began on the side of the hip.&nbsp; As the helpless slave girl waddled closer, the blows moved across her bottom.&nbsp; When she passed the switch welding slave girl, the blows moved over to her right hip, but never around the side. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost immediately, she moved into range of the third slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�How many circuits do you have her make?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�It all depends.&nbsp; If she moved quickly to minimize the number of swats, she might make it perhaps as many as three times around, never more than that.&nbsp; This one has a rather endearing clumsiness about her.&nbsp; I think she will learn her lesson in only one circuit.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A guard placed a switch across Charli&#8217;s arm, telling her not to swing again when the little slave girl arrived back at the starting position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Well, people, what do you think?&nbsp; Has she learned her lesson, or does she do another trip around?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Everything thought she should make another circuit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave girl stared at the ground before her, sobbing as she knew her fate was not in her hands.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The people booed when MF signaled the guard to release her.&nbsp; In seconds she was on her knees before her master, using her mouth to show that she appreciated that he had not ordered another lap around the circle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next victim of this vicious game was brought in.&nbsp; She was not a slave girl.&nbsp; She did not wear a slave collar.&nbsp; She held the hope that she could get out of this without being turned into a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She kicked and twisted about in a vain try to get free.&nbsp; Nothing was going to do her any good.&nbsp; Two men held her arms while a third tried to grab her feet.&nbsp; When he snagged one foot, she planted a kick on the side of his head.&nbsp; He was ready when she tried again.&nbsp; He grabbed the second foot with his free hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As he drew them together, he pulled them upward, pinning them against his chest.&nbsp; They dragged her across the ground a few meters where a chain dangled down from an overhead pulley.&nbsp; At the end was a strap that he wrapped about her ankles.&nbsp; The strap had one ring mounted on it.&nbsp; At the end was a steel hook.&nbsp; He knew he had it snug when he could fit the hook through the ring.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With this done, the captive could not move from this position.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By pulling on the other end of the chain, they drew her a little into the air.&nbsp; They did not move her far, just enough she her head cleared the floor.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captive work slacks but they provided little protection when they were ready to cut them off.&nbsp; A few swipes here and there left her naked from the waist down (or is it waist up?) except for her panties.&nbsp; There was no need for them so they came off too.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All attention had been on the captive so Canjac had not noticed that attached to the rope was a red piece of cloth.&nbsp; That cloth was the reason for the rope as the entire bondage situation contradicted the eight slave girls with switches.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They allowed the captive to dangle there for a while.&nbsp; After struggling a bit she would realize that she could not escape.&nbsp; When she gave up, they were ready to move to the next step of their plan.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While one man held the captive&#8217;s body steady, another pulled the cloth down.&nbsp; It turned out to be a cylinder of red cloth, cut to contour the curves of the captive.&nbsp; The cylinder was almost too small.&nbsp; A second man had to join in pulling it down.&nbsp; From about mid-thigh down to her hips the cylinder was almost too small to slid, but the men did not intend to allow this form of adversity stand in their way.&nbsp; As difficult as it had been getting it up her thighs, getting it over her deliciously round hips provided to be an almost insurmountable problem.&nbsp; They continued to struggle, and soon showed the value of perseverance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They lowered the captive to the ground and dragged her to the starting position.&nbsp; The cylinder was so snug that she was certain she would never be able to walk it in.&nbsp; She did not have to try though.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While these men had been dressing the captive, two more men attached a protruding rod to the central column.&nbsp; That this one was more complicated was evident as the two had to adjust it once they had it in position.&nbsp; They rotated it about the central post a few times to insure that it worked properly, then went back to work to adjust it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They secured the captive to the end of the device as they had the previous slave girl.&nbsp; This one did not wear a collar, but they were able to compensate for that.&nbsp; The device had its own leather strap attached to it.&nbsp; They pulled it about the captive&#8217;s neck and buckled it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�This is ingenious.&nbsp; I wish I could take credit for designing it, but I bought the concept from a traveling drummer.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�As she walks about the circle, the dowitchy to which she is attached slowly moved toward the central post.&nbsp; If she can circle around enough times that the arm will not rotate, I set her free.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Has anyone made it?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Hell, no.&nbsp; No one has made more than three circuits.&nbsp; It takes about eight times around to get out of range of the switches.&nbsp; She has to complete one circuit before the device will allow her to kneel.&nbsp; Most can only suffer through one lap.&nbsp; A few can do two.&nbsp; Only one has ever made it through three.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As he finished his explanation, MF rose to move down to the playing field to explain the rules to the captive.&nbsp; She heard little of it as she refused to believe what was happening to her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When he finished, MF returned to his seat.&nbsp; He had not yet given the order for the contest to begin because he wanted to watch it all for himself.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Begin.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second cry of pain was hidden by the sound of the switch striking her bottom for a third time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now the captive decided she had better move but what she did was discover just how little mobility she had with the hobble skirt.&nbsp; As hard as she tried, her knees would not move.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac and MF watched the material of the skirt bulge where her knees were as she tried to move them. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The beautiful captive looked down as she tried to get her feet moving.&nbsp; Her knees were as immobile as though they had tied them together.&nbsp; She would have to use her feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was simpler to think of than it was to do.&nbsp; She moved her left foot forward perhaps a whole centimeter.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then the right.&nbsp; Then the left.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She continued to shuffle her feet forward, but the entire time she was within range of Charli.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she passed out of her reach, she came within range of the next slave girl. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she was in front of Canjac and MF, her forward movement ceased for a few seconds.&nbsp; MF knew what was happening even before he saw her knees flex against the material.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He nudged Canjac with is elbow.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Look!&nbsp; She&#8217;s trying to knee but the pole won&#8217;t let her until she has done a full circuit.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While she presented a stationary target to the third slave girl, a switch continued to fall on her bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Are you going to tell her that?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I told her once.&nbsp; After a few more blows, she will get the idea.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took the beautiful captive more than twenty minutes to complete a circuit.&nbsp; Canjac began counting the blows, but he lost track when MF distracted him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as the support holding up the pole stopped, she fell to her knees.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was all too happy to accept a slave girl from MF.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What do you think?� MF asked as he beamed in pride.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Crude, but effective.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They dragged her over so she could submit to her master.&nbsp; In the background, they dragged in the next captive for her turn to submit.










Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 109

Taylor found the slavers.
Or rather, the slavers found Taylor.
She continued to scream, even through the heavy bag over her head turned it into a series of inaudible moans.&nbsp; Hands held her arms behind her back so other hands could bind them together at the wrist.&nbsp; Three double loops about the wrists gave six loops to hold her hands together.&nbsp; Twice more between the hands and forearms cinched them so she was helpless.
The next step (surprise!) was to strip the clothing from her body.
One pair of hands held each leg near the ankle, drawing her into the air.&nbsp; She could not see, but that did not matter as she felt herself sailing through the air.&nbsp; 
Two men held her over their shoulders, one the left of the one on the right, the right of the one on the left.&nbsp; By walking half a meter apart, they left the beautiful blonde&#8217;s legs spread far apart so anyone could see her pussy.
Their destination was several blocks from the inn where they had captured her.&nbsp; During the journey, no one paid them any attention.&nbsp; After all, there were no laws that prohibited anyone from enslaving a free woman.&nbsp; These laws existed only in towns that means of enforcing them.&nbsp; The prevailing thought was one of rationalization.&nbsp; If a woman was dumb enough to be captured, she deserved a slave collar.&nbsp; As a matter of courtesy, they did not enslave women in the town.&nbsp; Only the women travelers who had the misfortune of wandering away from a source of protection were enslaved.
Loretta waited for them in the warehouse they had rented.&nbsp; She already had the pole mounted on the stand on the floor, the dildo rising from the top.&nbsp; As they let her down on the floor, the woman stepped forward to grab the blonde by the hair.&nbsp; She pulled, drawing Taylor closer to her and upright.&nbsp; 
The men lowered the captive toward the floor.&nbsp; As her feet came closer to the ground, the tip of the dildo entered her pussy.&nbsp; When Taylor stood on her tiptoes, the dildo was firmly inside her so she could not flee.
�Get the device ready,� she ordered as she slowly moved about the captive.&nbsp; This blonde was not part of their plan, but she was simply too luscious to pass up.&nbsp; She put her left hand on Taylor&#8217;s bottom, smiling at the touch of her soft flesh.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taylor tried not to struggle despite the cords knotted tightly about her wrists.&nbsp; She wanted to, but chose not to.&nbsp; The more she struggled the more aroused she came from the dildo between her legs.&nbsp; Her legs were mobile while the dildo was not.&nbsp; Struggling had the same effect as waggling the shaft in her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She looked up when she heard footsteps coming.&nbsp; She did not recognize the woman and did not look at her.&nbsp; What she looked at instead was the switch in the woman&#8217;s hand.&nbsp; She had felt it before on two or three occasions when they first kidnapped her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�And how are you feeling today?� she asked solicitously as she let the switch rub up and down the blonde&#8217;s left hip.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Loretta had no intention of beating her again.&nbsp; Not at this time.&nbsp; She had other plans for forcing the blonde to submit.
She tucked the switch into her belt to free her hands.
The fingers of her hands played with Taylor&#8217;s nipples that were already hard from having the dildo wedged inside her.
At first Loretta was content to pinch and pull.&nbsp; The nipples were hard already.
The older woman&#8217;s attention had been directed toward one nipple, then the other.&nbsp; She raised her gaze when she was ready to move to the next phase of the torment.
Slowly she lowered her face so she could lick the left nipple.&nbsp; She licked up and down for almost a minute.&nbsp; She raised her head again to get a look at the blonde.&nbsp; She smiled before lowering her face toward the other nipple.
This time she licked it only a few seconds.&nbsp; She gripped it between her teeth, biting down with little pressure at first.&nbsp; She gradually increased the pressure.&nbsp; She knew when she had achieved her goal when she heard blonde moan through her gag.
She released the pressure so she could lick it again.
She raised her head so look Taylor in the eye.&nbsp; The blonde had nothing but fear in her eyes.&nbsp; Loretta opened her mouth and extended her tongue.&nbsp; She wiggled it up and down to get the captive&#8217;s attention.
Slowly she lowered her head.&nbsp; This time she did not lick.&nbsp; Instead she bit it again.&nbsp;&nbsp; Leaning back, she pulled the nipple toward her.&nbsp; To keep it from slipping loose, she had to bite down harder.
The sounds the two men made setting up the device distracted her.&nbsp; She looked at them, then over at the blonde.&nbsp; Her tongue rubbed across her lower lip.
It was time to turn her torment up a notch.
She reached for the switch she usually had tucked in her belt but found it missing.&nbsp; Fortunately, being in the business she was in, there were many lying about.&nbsp; She quickly grabbed one.
�Now, I want you to fuck yourself.&nbsp; Up-and-down.&nbsp; Up-and-down.�
Taylor did not respond at first.&nbsp; Loretta resolved that problem by using the switch on her bottom.
Crack!
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
She waited a few seconds.&nbsp; When the blonde did not move, she swung again.
Crack!
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Taylor sobbed through ballgag.
Crack!
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
She lowered her body once, then straightened her legs to pull the dildo out most of the way.
Crack!
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
This time she impaled herself several times.&nbsp; She slowed up after a few seconds.
Crack!
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Taylor drove the dildo in and out rapidly.
�The next time you stop, I&#8217;m going to whack you right here.�
She tapped the blonde over the titties.
Taylor took the threat seriously (as well she should).&nbsp; She continued to drive the dildo in and other of her pussy until the men were done.
The device was a wheel suspended from a center axle.&nbsp; Four chains hung down from it.&nbsp; They brought out the three they had enslaved earlier.&nbsp; A leather strap encircled the strap of each.&nbsp; They attached the end of a chain to a ring on the strap.
That left the fourth chain for Taylor.&nbsp; Loretta backed up as the two approached.&nbsp; They lifted the luscious blonde in the air so get her off the dildo.&nbsp; The many orgasms had left the captive too exhausted to resist as they dragged her to the fourth chain.&nbsp; There was no leather strap for her.&nbsp; Instead, they drew her hands in the air.&nbsp; The end of the chain was passed between her arms, the end hooked to a link.&nbsp; Taylor had to remain bent over.
Still holding the switch, Loretta moved toward the three slave girls.
�Move.�
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
The three started walking.&nbsp; The wheel revolved about the axle.&nbsp; Taylor had no choice but to walk forward.&nbsp; The other three could walk upright, but the position of Taylor&#8217;s bondage forced her to walk bent over.
Loretta let them make two circuits before she decided they needed to move faster.
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
This forced Taylor to trot faster.
The men were not idle.&nbsp; After the novelty of watching Taylor&#8217;s dangling titties wobble as she ran wore off, they selected paddles.&nbsp; As the blonde trotted past, they pounded her bottom.
Whack!
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
They all joined in.&nbsp; As the beautiful blonde trotted past, they whacked her on the bottom.&nbsp; When they brought the circle to a halt, Taylor was all too happy to accept a collar.
They had to move quickly after that.&nbsp; Turning her into a slave girl had been a spur of the moment operation, brought about by the woman&#8217;s almost unbelievable willingness to be bound and gagged.&nbsp; They recognized Taylor as an agent of the guild.&nbsp; They knew the guild would have people after them soon (though they were unaware that Taylor was part of a team).&nbsp; They wanted to be far from town when they arrived.
They had stumbled across Taylor because she was staying at the same inn as they.&nbsp; It was almost dawn when they return to get their possessions.
Moving a slave girl from point A to point B was relatively costly and required some effort.&nbsp; If they could sell a slave girl where they enslaved her, it would be so much better.&nbsp; Since Taylor was not a native of Carston, no one would have any qualms about buying her.&nbsp; The other three might prove to be more of a problem but they doubted anyone would look closely, and even if they did, the three were so luscious, it was doubtful anyone would care.
They put their four little captives on display.&nbsp; As the newest slave girl, they had her at the end of the coffle.&nbsp; She stared down at her naked boobs without paying attention to what they did to the other three slave girls.
Then it was her turn.&nbsp; She was afraid they were going to spank her again, but that was not their intent.
Their intent was much worse.
They freed her hands from the shackles, but immediately secured them in another metal device.&nbsp; The first piece was steel, ten centimeters wide and half a meter long.&nbsp; They held it against the swell of her buttocks so her wrists rested in the arches at the ends.&nbsp; Another piece, identical to the first, went on top, imprisoning her wrists in bands of steel.
They dragged her to the wall where they had her lie on her back, her feet toward the street.&nbsp; A third piece of steel went behind her head.&nbsp; Her neck fitted in a curve in the center.&nbsp; On the ends there were another pair of grooves, about the same size ad the one in the center, but in the other direction.
They laid the beautiful blonde on her back on the floor with her legs stretched out before her.&nbsp; One man knelt on each side her.&nbsp; Taylor looked from one to the other as she tried to discern what they intended to do to her.
Each man put a hand under a knee and pulled up and back, drawing her leg back toward her head.
�Ooofffffff!�
The position was uncomfortable, but it was about to get a lot worse.&nbsp; The men switched to two hands to push down, driving her knee back to her shoulder.&nbsp; They moved forward, placing a knee on the back of her thigh to pin her leg in that position.&nbsp; This freed both hands to pull up on the metal brace behind her neck.&nbsp; Her head came up with the metal. They pulled up on the metal as they pushed down on her leg.&nbsp; Pulling her foot outwards and then back in, they hooked her thigh in that groove.
They could let go then as there was no way the captive could move from that position.&nbsp; Her pussy was held up, exposed for all to see, and her head was pushed forward so she had to look forward.&nbsp; In this position, she could see people studying her pussy.
As one last insult, they clamped a little tag to her left pussy lip that read:&nbsp; �For Sale.�
As they wandered off, Taylor tried to get free, but they had her body under such tension that she could not move it.
Well, she had found the slavers.&nbsp; Now she found her team.
They came by, glancing down at the exposed pussies without recognizing her.&nbsp; She was just another slave girl with another available cunt.
She still lay there when Canjac emerged a few minutes later.&nbsp; He was anxious to get home to see how Peggy&#8217;s training was going.
They had boarded the captives in a stable for slave girls.&nbsp; Since there were no laws about enslaving women in this town, they did not care that they did not wear collars.
As he approached, Canjac saw Jan there also.&nbsp; He reached for money to pay her for her services.
�Can I take goods instead of money?�
Canjac knew instantly what she was talking about.
�Which one?�
�The big-chested brunette.�
As she said that, she gestured toward the door to the stable.&nbsp; They were just starting to bring the captives out.
�Sure,� he said with a shrug.
�Will you take her to town for me?�
�Not a problem.&nbsp; Do you want me to collar her for you?�
�No.&nbsp; I can handle it before we leave.�
�I&#8217;m in something of a hurry��
�This won&#8217;t take long.&nbsp; Just drag her over here.�
Following the blonde&#8217;s instructions, they tied Leah&#8217;s ankles to the vertical supports of a hitching post.&nbsp; This kept her legs spread.&nbsp; The blonde stood on the other side of the hitching post facing her.&nbsp; She grabbed the captive by the nipples and pulled.&nbsp; Leah tried to elude her grasp but could not.
When she had the woman bent forward, Jan suddenly grabbed her by the head to force it toward the ground.&nbsp; She moved forward so she straddled the woman&#8217;s neck with her legs.&nbsp; This forced Leah&#8217;s face down near the ground.&nbsp; As Jan moved forward millimeter by millimeter, she drove the buxom brunette&#8217;s head closer to the ground until her upper body was almost perpendicular.
The blonde mistress said nothing to the captive as she pulled a small item from a pouch on her belt.&nbsp; She held it up for all to see.&nbsp; It was a butt plug, maybe four centimeters in diameter and perhaps six long.&nbsp; Near the middle the shaft narrowed.
Jan plunged it into the captive&#8217;s asshole before she could tighten her sphincter muscle.&nbsp; The plug was large while her asshole was small so she had to twist it back and forth to get it in.&nbsp; The captive thrashed about as best she could, but the mistress had her bound so she could not resist.&nbsp; Millimeter by millimeter the dildo went in.
The outer edge of the plug was flat on two sides to make it easier for her to twist it.&nbsp; 
�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
No, Leah did not like this at all but she had to learn her new position in life and Jan had an effective way of doing it.&nbsp; Once she was certain the plug was seated properly within Leah&#8217;s ass, she back off, allowing the captive to straighten up.
�Gingerroot.&nbsp; I carved it this morning.&nbsp; In just a few minutes, she will be begging to be a slave girl.�
As Canjac motioned his men to load the naked captives in the back of the wagons, Leah wiggled her butt.&nbsp; The gingerroot began to burn.
A few blocks away, the men were releasing their four captives from their severe bondage.&nbsp; There had been several people interested in the naked slave girls, but no one made a bid.&nbsp; They had a buyer in Rivertown.&nbsp; All they had to do was move their goods to the buyer.
They allowed the slave girls to move about to try to get circulation going in their legs.
Canjac watched as the blonde mistress&#8217;s submission technique took effect.&nbsp; Leah shook her body to try to expel the plug.&nbsp; Jan had carved it in a shape that it would not come out easily.&nbsp; (She would have trouble pulling it out once she was ready.)
Jan knelt to remove the cuffs from about her captive&#8217;s ankles.&nbsp; The buxom beauty could flee if she wanted to, but there was nowhere to run to.&nbsp; She bounced up and down to try to ease the pain the gingerroot was caused in her asshole.
All was for naught.
Fifteen minutes after Jan inserted the plug, Leah was on her knees begging for a slave collar.&nbsp; Jan was all too happy to accommodate her.
When Leah had earned her collar by servicing Jan and all the men with her mouth and tongue.&nbsp; She also received a fair number of swats on the fanny.
She was ready for them to take the plug from her ass.
While she had been sucking cock, Jan had given the men instructions on what to do with the buxom captive.&nbsp; They pulled her to her feet to drag her to the back of the second wagon.&nbsp; They raised her into the air so they could deposit her unceremoniously on her bottom on the bed of the wagon.&nbsp; Burning pain shot through her ass.&nbsp; The men pulled her legs apart to bind them to the sides of the wagon near the last captive on each side.&nbsp; They next tied a rope between the front ring on her collar and the tailgate so her upper body had to remain upright.
�By the time we arrive at the city, she will be ready to do anything.�
The wagon bounced on the uneven surface of the road, rubbing the plug up and down in her ass.&nbsp; Leah wailed through her ballgag, but there was nothing she could do.
So we have the wagon with Taylor leaving town in one direction, passing Canjac&#8217;s two wagons going in the other.










Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 110

What we have are four sisters and one trust fund.&nbsp; The oldest, Chase, was rapidly approaching her twenty-fifth birthday.&nbsp; At that time she will become executrix of the trust.&nbsp; All four sisters benefit from the proceeds of the trust, but Chase thought her three sisters were wastrels when it came to money.&nbsp; She notified them that when she turned twenty-five, when she took control of the trust fund, things would change.
As that day grew nearer, the eldest of the three remaining sister, a brown-eyed beauty named Janice, suddenly much money.&nbsp; Too much money it seemed.&nbsp; Chase suspected her sister was up to something nefarious. She did not know what it was, but she was going to find out.
Day-by-day, Janice&#8217;s behavior became more suspicious.&nbsp; She would leave the house, not returning until morning.&nbsp; Chase had to know what she was up to, but her sister carefully covered her tracks.
Then one day she made a mistake.&nbsp; Chase saw Janice read a note, wad it up, and then toss it in a trashcan.&nbsp; The oldest sister waited until she had left the room before rushing to the can.&nbsp; She now had a clue what was going on.
Or so she thought.
Following the instructions in the letter, Janice left town.&nbsp; Chase followed her sister as far as the city&#8217;s gates.&nbsp; She was not prepared to leave the safety of the town so she climbed to the top of a wall to watch.&nbsp; Janice continued down the street past several slavers&#8217; compounds.&nbsp; Chase lost sight of her for almost a minute.&nbsp; She reappeared as she mounted the steps toward the door of an inn.
�What was she doing there?�&nbsp; She demanded when her sister returned home tonight.
�Where were you today?�
�Oh!&nbsp; I just went to Sharon&#8217;s.�
�Did the two of you go anyplace?�
�No.&nbsp; We just spent the day reading poetry.�
Having caught her sister in a lie piqued Chase&#8217;s curiosity.&nbsp; She had to find out, and she resolved to do it the next day.
At the door to the inn, Chase glanced warily to the right and left.&nbsp; No one was watching.&nbsp; She did not want anyone to see what she was doing.
The front desk was on the left as she entered.&nbsp; Two slave girls in little pink outfits knelt chained to desk.&nbsp; They would carry baggage up to the rooms if needed.&nbsp; A large sitting room faced the desk.&nbsp; Though it was midday, the room was dark, illuminated only by the fire in the fireplace.&nbsp; She merely glanced in that direction so she was unsure whether anyone was there or not.
She ignored the clerk at the front desk.&nbsp; She did not want anyone to remember her there.&nbsp; From the sounds, there was a tavern in back.&nbsp; Maybe she could learn something there simply by listening.
A stairway to the left beyond the front desk led upstairs.&nbsp; A narrow passageway to the tavern was beside it.&nbsp; She walked back it, trying to look confident.
She found an empty table to the side.&nbsp; As soon as she sat, a slave girl came to take her order.&nbsp; 
�Oh, nothing.&nbsp; Oh, just a glass of imported water with a twist of lemon.�
The slave girl stared at her without understanding.&nbsp; Of course she could ask no questions as she wore a ballgag.&nbsp; The pink ball filling her mouth matched the rest of her outfit:&nbsp; pink satin halter top and pink satin miniskirt.&nbsp; The waitress/slave girl went to the bartender.&nbsp; She showed him her blank order pad.
�Lady, if you are going to sit here, we have a two drink minimum.�
The bartender had come over.&nbsp; As he talked to her, he dried his hands on a towel tucked in his belt.&nbsp; He had a rugged working-class look about him.
Chase did not intended to imbibe any alcohol here.&nbsp; She knew what happened to young women who wandered outside the city&#8217;s walls.
�I-�
�Excuse me.&nbsp; She&#8217;s with us.�
�I, uh��
Two women had entered the tavern from the same direction she had come.&nbsp; She saw they did not wear black leather so they were not Amazons.&nbsp; They did not look like mistresses either.&nbsp; She hoped they were safe companions.
The bartender scowled at the women, paused as though he wanted to say something to the one who spoke, but returned to the bar without saying a word.
�Come on over.&nbsp; It&#8217;s not safe for a woman to be here alone.�
Chase was about to protest but realized the wisdom of the statement.
�Thank you.&nbsp; My name is�Penny.�
A fake name was the best approach.
�I&#8217;m Myrtle and this is Gertrude.�
�Hi.�
The slave girl brought the water with the twist of lemon.&nbsp; When she saw the bill,
Chase&#8217;s eyes opened wide in shock.&nbsp; She did not have the money to pay for the drink.&nbsp; The bill lay on the table before her.&nbsp; It was twenty pfennings, far more than she had.&nbsp; �You don&#8217;t have enough money, do you?� Myrtle asked.&nbsp; The beautiful brunette could not meet her gaze.&nbsp; She shook her head just a little.
�Put it on our tab,� she said to the slave girl who scurried back to the bartender.
�Who is your friend?&nbsp; Maybe we have seen him.�
�No.&nbsp; You wouldn&#8217;t know him.&nbsp; He&#8217;s not from around here.�
Myrtle gestured across the room with her drink.
�Look at the ass of that slave girl.&nbsp; I count four stripes on her bottom.&nbsp; Gertrude thinks she is new to the collar.&nbsp; I think she just doesn&#8217;t serve well.�
The slave girl took an order at a table several feet to their left.&nbsp; While she wrote down what the two men seated there wanted to drink, one man fondled her bottom.&nbsp; The slave girl acted as though it did not happened.&nbsp; Chase saw four red stripes on her bare bottom.&nbsp; As soon as she had the order, she hurried across the room, taking quick, short steps in the high heels.
�I don&#8217;t know,� she said as she took a sip of the drink.&nbsp; �This doesn&#8217;t taste right.&nbsp; It tastes funny.�
Myrtle took the drink to sniff it.
�I think it&#8217;s because they used a lime instead of a lemon.&nbsp; Take another sip and see if you agree.�
She sipped it, then thought about it as she stared across the room.
�I don&#8217;t know.�
�Have you ever had water with a twist of lime?�
�Noooo.�
�Then that must be it.�&nbsp; She lifted her glass of ale in a toast.&nbsp; �To a bumper crop of lemons.�
Chase felt compelled to take another drink as part of the toast.&nbsp; Things started to go out of focus before she could set the drink down.&nbsp; She closed her eyes tightly for a few seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; When she opened them, everything was still out of focus.
�Are you okay?�
�I don&#8217;t think��
�Here.&nbsp; You need another drink.�
Myrtle lifted the drink to pour some in the woman&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Gertrude held her head, tilting it back so the water ran into the back of her mouth.&nbsp; The young woman had to swallow some.
�I don&#8217;t feel well.�
�Gertrude, help her up to our room.�
They pulled her to her feet.&nbsp; Chase found she could not stand. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
�You take care of the bill while I help her upstairs.�
The bill could be paid in full with just a few coins.&nbsp; 
�You&#8217;ll get your tip later.�
Myrtle lifted the young woman in the air and drooped her over her left shoulder.&nbsp; The buxom beauty was lithe (except in all the right places), but still it was awkward to carry her.&nbsp; 
She turned left once out the door and headed toward the back of the inn where there was another stairs to the second floor.&nbsp; By going this route, she made certain no one saw her.&nbsp; She doubted whether they would recognize Chase, but the women took few chances.&nbsp; Their goal was to make the eldest sister disappear.
She got the door and stepped inside on her own.&nbsp; From there she waited for Gertrude to arrive.&nbsp; She did not want to put her down just to have to pick her up again.
�Well, it&#8217;s about time.&nbsp; She may look little but her tits are heavy.�
It was an old joke, but it never failed to draw chuckles.
Gertrude pulled one straight-backed wooden chair over so it faced the door.&nbsp; She pushed another around so the two were back to back about two feet apart.&nbsp; Myrtle moved around so she faced one chair with her back to the door.&nbsp; Gradually, she allowed the young brunette&#8217;s body to slide down her front until her feet touched the floor.
By then, she had her arms about Chase&#8217;s waist.&nbsp; The unconscious woman&#8217;s head hung back limply while her arms dangled down.&nbsp; Gertrude slipped her arms under the woman&#8217;s arm, reaching up until she had her in a full nelson.&nbsp; Myrtle then let go.
Gertrude pivoted to the right about 180 degrees so she faced the chair.&nbsp; Taking a step forward, Chase&#8217;s knees touched the edge of the chair seat.&nbsp; A half step more caused them to bend.
Myrtle had not been idle during this time.&nbsp; She moved around the chairs so she stood on the far side of the other chair, facing the two.&nbsp; As Gertrude leaned forward to lay their unconscious captive across the chair back, Myrtle grabbed her by the upper arms to pull her forward.&nbsp; Gertrude let of the woman&#8217;s shoulders, but immediately slipped her hands down to her hips to keep her from falling off the chair.
Myrtle kept one hand on the captive&#8217;s upper back to insure she slid not slide off that chair back, while she picked up a rope from the chair seat.&nbsp; She lay in on the woman&#8217;s upper arm so one end dangled down on each side.&nbsp; It took quick grabbing, but she got both ends in one hand.&nbsp; Once she had a simple overhand knot tied, she could let go.&nbsp; Chase was not going to fall off.
She added another cord to the other side.&nbsp; With both arms bound to the to of the chair back, Gertrude let go.&nbsp; Chase&#8217;s body slipped a little to the side, but before its weight could cause the chairs to fall over, she had pushed it upright so she could fasten a rope about her hips to tie them to the chair back.
Myrtle had already moved on to tying the brunette&#8217;s arms to the chair seat.&nbsp; First she knotted them together at the wrists, cinching them tightly.&nbsp; A rope tied to each upper arm at the elbows secured them to the vertical parts of the chair back.&nbsp; She passed a rope between the young woman&#8217;s bound wrists.&nbsp; After looping the ends about a cross-support under the seat, she pulled all slack from the rope, pulling Chase&#8217;s hands forward.&nbsp; When she tied the ends together, the captive could not move the upper part of her body from its bound position.
Gertrude was busy doing the same to the lower part of her body.&nbsp; Just as Myrtle had bound her elbows to the vertical parts of the chair back, she tied the brunette&#8217;s knees against them.&nbsp; Once bound like this, Chase could not draw her knees together.&nbsp; Tying one end of a rope to her left ankle, she passed it under the chair seat and up to the young captive&#8217;s right ankle.&nbsp; She looped the end about her ankles, but before tying a knot, she pulled all slack from the rope, pulling Chase&#8217;s left foot outwards.&nbsp; When she finally tied the other end to the right ankle, that foot was pulled outward also.
Myrtle grabbed a fistful of hair to raise Chase&#8217;s head.&nbsp; As she did so, her mouth came open.&nbsp; The woman wedged the bright red rubber ball of a ballgag in her mouth. She held the end of the strap as she let the captive&#8217;s head droop down.&nbsp; The long, light brown tresses cascaded down to the chair seat, making it easy for the woman to buckle the ends together behind her head.
�Let&#8217;s get a drink while she sleeps it off.�
As Myrtle passed by, she could not help but give the unconscious captive a playful slap on the bottom.
It was some time later that Chase felt something dripping from her mouth.&nbsp; She tried to wipe it away with the back of her left hand, but her arm would not move.&nbsp; She tried again, then tried with her right hand.&nbsp; The drooling continued.
She felt a burning in her left nostril, then her right.&nbsp; In an instant she snapped wide-awake.
�Mmmmmffffftttt?�
�I don&#8217;t think lime agree with her.�
Both women laughed.
The captive beauty caught a glimpse of an arm removing the smelling salts from under her nose.&nbsp; It did not register though.&nbsp; Her thoughts were more on that object in her mouth, prohibiting from speaking.&nbsp; She tried to raise an arm to remove it, but found she could not.
Lowering her head just a little, she could see her bound wrists on the chair seat before her.&nbsp; A rope ran from them out of sight under the chair seat.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
�I don&#8217;t think the little princess appreciates our handiwork.�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
The expression �little princess� did not register on the captive as she was still groggy from the knockout powder.&nbsp; Little princess was a derogatory name for a slave girl.
Chase began to struggle, but there was an old adage that goes:&nbsp; �When you are bound as a slave girl, you remain tied.�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
�I think it&#8217;s time for her collar.�
At those words, the young woman stopped struggling.&nbsp; Surely they were kidding.&nbsp; After all, she was a princess!
�Don&#8217;t you think this pink goes nicely with you skin tones.�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
The slave collar looked simple, but in reality it was a complex item.&nbsp; The appearance was that of a simple leather band, but many hours of work went into each.&nbsp; 
Each collar was a composite of leather and steel.&nbsp; Between the inner and outer layers of leather, there was a layer of steel mesh.&nbsp; The steel made it impossible for anyone to cut the collar off.
Chase jerked her head around frantically in a futile effort to stop the woman from fastening it about her neck, but there was nothing she could do to stop her.&nbsp; Myrtle held the captive by the head, getting a good grip on her hair so she could not move her head without pulling at the roots.
Gertrude inserted the metal tab at one end of the collar into the buckle.&nbsp; As she held them together, Myrtle reached forward to pull a tab from the side of the buckle.&nbsp; This freed the metal latches inside that would lock the device in place.
Gertrude shifted position a little so she had access to the other side of the buckle.&nbsp; The tab entered a slot on the other side, forcing the latches into the locking position.&nbsp; As long as it was in place, the latches could not move back, unlocking the buckle.&nbsp; Myrtle used a pair of special pliers to drive the tab in all the way. 
None of the tab stuck out.
There was no way to remove the tab.&nbsp; There was no way for the latches to move back to allow someone to remove the end of the collar from the buckle..
No one could cut the collar off.&nbsp; No one could unbuckle it.&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no way to remove the collar.&nbsp; Once someone had placed a collar about a slave girl, she remained a slave girl.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
�Well, it&#8217;s too late to think about that, isn&#8217;t it?�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
�You know what comes next, don&#8217;t you?�
Gertrude held the leather paddle below the brunette&#8217;s face so she saw it.
�We are going to pound you fanny until, well, as long as we want to!�
Gertrude moved in position to the right of the captive.
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
The first blow landed on the center of Chase&#8217;s right bottomcheek.&nbsp; The woman had stepped back half a step so the second blow fell in the center of the left.
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Leaning forward, she delivered the third blow to the side of the right cheek.&nbsp; By then a red spot was already forming where the first two blows had fallen.&nbsp; She did not step back as far for the fourth blow.&nbsp; This one landed on the left cheek near the crack.
Gertrude moved around to the captive&#8217;s right after passing the paddle to Myrtle.
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Whomp!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
�You are no doubt wondering how long we intend to do this to you,� Myrtle asked.
Gertrude answered while stroking the captive&#8217;s head.
�As long as we want to.&nbsp; You are, after all, a slave girl now.�
That was how the first hour of the beautiful woman&#8217;s slavery passed.&nbsp; They had her bound so nothing she did would cause a blow to miss the target chosen by the paddle welder.
�I think we need a break.�
�I know I could use a drink.�
Myrtle grabbed a fistful of light brown tresses to force their captive to raise her head.
�What do you say, Chase?&nbsp; Do you want use to stop spanking you with the paddle?�
She could tell by the almost imperceptible movement of the captive&#8217;s head that she was nodding.
�Would you rather we spank you with a bare hand.�
She did not want to be spanked at all but that was not an option.&nbsp; Being spanked with a bare hand had to be better than the leather paddle.&nbsp; She nodded again.
�You do everything we say, and we will only spank you with a bare hand.&nbsp; Understand?�
�If you misbehave, we use this.�
Gertrude shove a wooden paddle under the woman&#8217;s head as her friend let go.&nbsp; Chase&#8217;s face moved downwards, her nose almost touching the surface.
The leather paddle had been little more than a toy meant to torment her.&nbsp; A wooden paddle on the other hand, was nothing less than an instrument of extreme punishment.&nbsp; Chase knew they used it on slave girls who were bad.&nbsp; Any more than ten swats were considered a major punishment.
Sure, bottom burned from the beating she had taken, but she knew that just one swat from that paddle would double or triple the pain.
She nodded.
They untied her hands, arms and shoulders.&nbsp; She started to straighten up, but Gertrude placed her hands on her upper back to keep her bent across the chair backs.
�Stay in this position.&nbsp; Just put you hands behind your back.�
Myrtle looped a rope about the buxom woman&#8217;s wrists so there were six full loops.&nbsp; Pulling on the ends, she drew all slack from those loops before changing the direction of the ends so one passed between her arms and the other between her hands.&nbsp; This time when she pulled on the ends, she cinched those first six loops.&nbsp; A square knot would keep her bound.
Taking another rope, she folded it in half so there was a loop in the center.&nbsp; She tucked this under the right upper arm, then the left so it protruded on that side.&nbsp; She then thrust the ends of the rope through the loop.&nbsp; When she pulled on the ends, the double loop of rope about her upper arms grew smaller, gradually drawing her elbows together.
When Myrtle tied the knot, the beautiful brunette could move her arms very little.
�Wait a minute!&nbsp; Don&#8217;t straighten up yet.&nbsp; We have another present for you.�
This �present� was a pair of high-heeled sandals.&nbsp; A strap across the top of her foot and another about her ankle prohibited her from kicking them off.
When they untied her legs and pulled her upright, she wobbled back and forth, unused to the height of those stiletto heels.&nbsp; She had worn heels before, she had worn them as high as these but only for short periods of time, and she never had to leave her suite in the palace.&nbsp; � 
Myrtle grabbed the slave girl by the chin, pulling her face around so she had to look at her.
�You have a new name.&nbsp; You will only answer to the name &#8216;Missy.&#8217;&nbsp; Understand?�&nbsp; The brunette nodded.&nbsp; �Is your name &#8216;Chase?&#8217;�&nbsp; She shook her head.&nbsp; �Is you name &#8216;Missy?&#8217;�&nbsp; A reluctant nod.
�Missy� was a generic name when a slave girl did not yet have a permanent owner.&nbsp; The man or woman who owned her could call her anything he or she wished, and the slave girl had no choice but to answer to it.&nbsp; Slave girls being sold often were renamed �Missy.�&nbsp; Just being called �Missy� was an indication a slave girl was for sale.
When a woman was enslaved, she was always called �Missy� the first few days to reinforce her new status.&nbsp; They wanted her to forget her old name &#8211; to forget who she had been.
Chase was now a slave girl named �Missy.�
�Kneel facing that corner.&nbsp; When one of us calls you, you will rise, walk over before her, curtsey, and then lay yourself across her lap for a spanking.&nbsp; Now move!�
Slap!
A slap on the bare bottom sent the woman scurrying across the room to the corner.&nbsp; The woman laughed at her attempts to maintain her balance.
The buxom beauty knelt facing the corner as ordered.&nbsp; She settled back on her legs as she played with her bondage.
�Keep you butt in the air.&nbsp; We want to look at it.&nbsp; It belongs to us now and we don&#8217;t want you to hide it.�
The slave girl tired to rise but failed.&nbsp; She rocked forward and back a couple times before trying again and failing.&nbsp; She succeeded the third time.
Afraid that they would punish her for trying to escape, she stopped testing her bonds for a few minutes.&nbsp; Gradually she applied a little more pressure to each knot in an attempt to gain her freedom.
The women knew what she did.&nbsp; It was common among all newly collared slave girls.&nbsp; They would have been disappointed if she had not tried to get loose.&nbsp; They wanted her to try.&nbsp; They wanted her to learn just how helpless she was.
While they waited, Gertrude went down to the bar to get a bottle.&nbsp; She described Chase&#8217;s many physical charms to the bartender who gave her the booze free.&nbsp; She returned to their room with a pair of glasses.&nbsp; Myrtle motioned for her to put hers on an end table.
�Come here, Missy.�
The naked slave girl tried to rise but could not.&nbsp; She fell to the right, hitting her shoulder on the wall.&nbsp; Pressing her body against the wall, she came to her feet.
Standing before Myrtle, she realized she did not know how to curtsey.&nbsp; 
�You are a clumsy oaf,� Myrtle said with a laugh as she slapped the top of her thighs.&nbsp; Chase bent over, allowing the woman to pull her the rest of the way.
The highest part of her body was her bottom.&nbsp; Her forehead rested on the floor to the woman&#8217;s left, while the toes of her shoes rested on it to her right.
Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!
Myrtle grabbed a fistful of hair to pull her head up.
�Do you enjoy being spanked?�
Chase could hardly move her head without pulling her hair, but she managed to convey to her mistress that she did not.
�Then I want you crying through your gag and kicking your legs wildly.�
The spanking with the leather paddle had been much worse.&nbsp; She had endured it without being able to react.&nbsp; Now they wanted her to overact to the pain.
Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!
�Mmmmmmmmmmmfffffffffffffffttttttttttt!!!!!�
Chase did as ordered.&nbsp; With her face against the floor, she could not see the women smiling at her.
�Okay.&nbsp; Back into the corner.�
Her respite was brief.&nbsp; In a few minutes she found herself draped across the other Woman&#8217;s lap.
Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!
�Mmmmmmmmmmmfffffffffffffffttttttttttt!!!!!�
Chase thought things could not get worse than this, but she was about to discover just how wrong she could be.
Chase thought all eyes were on her, but she was nothing more than another beautiful slave girl.&nbsp; There were a dozen of her sister slaves in the room, but she did not know that.&nbsp; All she thought of were all those eyes on her.
She did not want to continue forward, but the women had warned her what would happen to her if she disobeyed an order.&nbsp; Myrtle held the leash about half a meter from the end.&nbsp; The slave girl saw the end dangling down from her hand.&nbsp; The other end of it was out of sight under her chin, attached to a ring on the collar.
Their path from the room was down the hall toward the back of the inn, the same route Myrtle had taken bringing the unconscious beauty upstairs.&nbsp; The woman had to exert constant pressure on the leash to keep her newly collared slave girl moving forward.&nbsp; Chase&nbsp; did not want to leave the relative safety of the room.&nbsp; At least her experience of playing as a slave girl with her friends enabled her to walk in those high heels without falling over.&nbsp; She still moved slowly, just a few inches at a step, but at least she did not turn an ankle.
The women took her to the dining room in a large room next to the tavern.&nbsp; Chase&#8217;s eyes moved rapidly from one person to another, afraid someone would recognize her and laugh at her predicament.&nbsp; No one paid her any attention.&nbsp; She was merely another beautiful slave girl.
She was thankful that they had allowed her to be dressed.&nbsp; Well, they had dressed her.&nbsp; Chase knew that a slave girl could not dress herself.&nbsp; What she wore and how she wore it was up to her mistress.
The motif of the outfit was shocking pink.&nbsp; While that was the standard color for slave girls, she was certain they chose that shade to draw attention to her. She expected everyone to turn to look at her when she entered the room.
Of course, she wore no bra.&nbsp; The top covered her large titties but provided no support.&nbsp; Looking down while they attended to other items of her outfit, she saw the nipples pointing through the thin material.&nbsp; She could not be certain, but she thought the material was so thin that she could see the dark circle of each nipple.&nbsp; 
The miniskirt was slit up each side to the waist.&nbsp; The hem was so far above her knees that she doubted it covered her crotch.&nbsp; At least they put panties on her.&nbsp; They were black satin so they contrast sharply with the pink of the miniskirt.&nbsp; No one doubted what they saw when she moved.
She also wore stockings.&nbsp; While most of her apparel was that shocking pink, the stockings matched the panties.&nbsp; They were sheer black, almost black at the top where they clung tightly to her upper thighs.
�Kneel.&nbsp; Facing the room so everyone can see your charms.�
Myrtle tapped her foot next to the table where she wanted the slave girl to kneel.&nbsp; Chase backed into the spot.&nbsp; She lowered one knee to the floor, then the other.&nbsp; At least she could do that without falling over.
The woman still held her leash.&nbsp; She waited until the slave girl was settled in before attaching the end to a ring on the edge of the tabletop.&nbsp; A little bowl in the center of the table held several small padlocks.&nbsp; She used one to lock the end to the ring.&nbsp; She then tossed the key into the bowl where they could find it.
The women discussed what was on the menu before settling on salads.
They ignored the slave girl.
Chase looked around in hope of finding someone who would help her.&nbsp; She saw no one she recognized.&nbsp; They all were strangers. 
She did not realize that no one would help her.&nbsp; She was only a slave girl.&nbsp; Who in their right mind would try to free a collared woman?&nbsp; Anyone who saw her would laugh at her fate, and perhaps ask her mistress if he (or she) could sample the blonde&#8217;s physical charms.
When they were finished eating, Myrtle freed the leash, then jerked up on it.
�Come one, Missy, on your feet.�
She tried to rise the same way she had knelt.&nbsp; She hit her hip against the edge of the table.&nbsp; Sure, it was a clumsy maneuver and it hurt like hell, but at least she did not fall over.
The women led the brunette slave girl toward the lobby of the inn.&nbsp; Next to the door, immediately opposite the front desk, they tethered her to a post.
�Be a good little slave girl, Missy,� Myrtle whispered in her eyes as she patted her on the bottom under the short skirt.
Chase closed her eyes at this unwanted contact.&nbsp; She wore a slave collar so Myrtle owed her.&nbsp; She could take what liberties she wanted to and the blonde had no choice but to allow her.
She opened her eyes suddenly when she realized her mistresses were walking away without her.&nbsp; She started to grunt a protest, but noticed the clerk at the desk.&nbsp; That conduct was unbecoming a slave girl.&nbsp; She could expect to be punished.&nbsp; When she looked back at the women, they were already several steps up the stairway.
She was alone and vulnerable.&nbsp; The blonde looked around her.&nbsp; Besides the clerk on one side, there were two, no, three people in the sitting room.&nbsp; She saw no slave girls.&nbsp; There were none to draw attention from her.
Now that she was alone, Chase deluded herself into thinking she could escape.&nbsp; They made a fatal error leaving her alone and she would capitalize on it.&nbsp; She stepped back as far as the leash would allow.&nbsp; The Woman had not locked it to the ring on the wall, but did not have to.&nbsp; She glanced in the direction of the clerk, but he was ready a paper.
A kneeling slave girl had been able to reach the end of her leash locked to the table in the dining room.&nbsp; That was why Myrtle had locked it.
The end of the leash this time was attached to a ring at chin level.&nbsp; Glancing first into the sitting room and then at the clerk, she swung her arms around toward it.&nbsp; She could not get her hands up that far to reach it.
Speaking of her hands:&nbsp; She pulled on the steel manacles holding her hands helplessly behind her back.&nbsp; They would not give.&nbsp; She had never seen a pair that could be broken by anything lighter than a sledgehammer.&nbsp; She fumbled around trying to find a way to open them.&nbsp; Her hands were small, but the circle of steel around them was just as small.
When the women returned, she stood where they had left her.
She felt so relieved when Gertrude unfastened the end of her leash, giving it a little tug as a signal to follow.
She felt much safer when someone held her leash.
The women started toward the stairs again.&nbsp; They took long confident steps, forcing their captive to take many short, fast steps to keep up.
 �Lean across the chair back,� Myrtle said once they were in the room.&nbsp; �I want you face down against the seat.�
They had pulled the chair in front of the door with the seat facing away from it.&nbsp; When she took the desired position, Chase knew anyone enter the room would have an unobstructed view of her panty-covered ass.
She sobbed a little as her forehead touched the surface of the seat.&nbsp; The chair back was low, making it easy for her to bend over it.&nbsp; Thirty-six brass brads held the leather in place over the foam rubber.&nbsp; A slave girl could lean over that chair for hours without the chair back digging into her tummy.
Chase knew the chain was designed that way so they could punish a slave girl&#8217;s bottom.
�I dunno.&nbsp; We&#8217;ve used a leather paddle and bare hand on her.&nbsp; What next?�
Myrtle sat in a chair to Chase&#8217;s left. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; She could see her legs up to the knee.&nbsp; Her long tresses obstructed her view from there up. 
�We could always use a switch.�
Gertrude voice came from before her.&nbsp; From the elevation she knew that Woman stood.
�Well, I guess a switch it is.&nbsp; Are you ready to have your fanny switched, Missy?�
The captive brunette raised her head so she could shake it.
�She doesn&#8217;t want a switching!� Myrtle said in mock amazement.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Chase reacted at the pain when Gertrude raised her head by grabbing a fistful of hair and jerking up.
�Are you willing to make it worth our while?�
The buxom beauty had no delusions about the woman&#8217;s meaning.&nbsp; If she refused they would switch her bottom until she changed her mind.&nbsp; No one would come to her aid.&nbsp; She was only another beautiful slave girl.
She nodded as best she could.&nbsp; The roots of her hair throbbed from the woman&#8217;s grip.&nbsp; Moving her head just made it worse.
Gertrude let go of her hair, allowing the woman&#8217;s forehead to bounce off the seat.&nbsp; 
The woman moved around in front of the slave girl.&nbsp; While standing behind her, she had removed her top.&nbsp; Grabbing her head with her hands, she raised it in the air so she could sit backwards on the chair straddling the seat.
Her hands unbuckled the strap hold the ballgag in the slave girl&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Chase&#8217;s face was pressed against her right tittie while she worked.&nbsp; When she had it undone, she raised her head in the air with both hands.&nbsp; Holding it there with the heel of her left palm against the woman&#8217;s forehead, her right jerked the rubber ball from between the blonde&#8217;s jaws.
�Suck it.�
Many times slave girls had done this to Chase when she was a free woman.&nbsp; She knew what to do &#8211; how to rub her tongue across the nipple until it was so hard she thought it might explode off the woman&#8217;s tit.&nbsp; Her lips worked the outer edge while her tongue continued.
�Other side!�
Gertrude used her hands to push her face to the left.&nbsp; That nipple already was hard.&nbsp; Still, the captive woman had no choice but to do as ordered.
When Gertrude wanted her to switch back to the right, she pushed her head over in that direction.&nbsp;&nbsp; Chase&#8217;s role was that of a pleasure-giving machine.&nbsp; Her mistresses decided what she did, and when she did it.
She knew what would happen to her if she refused or was hesitant.&nbsp; That was why they left her bent over the chair back.
�My turn,� came Myrtle&#8217;s voice off to Chase&#8217;s left.
Gertrude used both hands to hold her head.&nbsp; Chase moved to her left without straightening up.
The woman still sat in the chair, only now she was naked from the waist down.&nbsp; Well, she wasn&#8217;t completely naked from the waist down &#8211; she still wore her boots.
Chase fell to her knees between the woman&#8217;s spread legs.&nbsp; She knew what was expected of her.&nbsp; She leaned forward until her forehead struck something; bringing the forward movement to a halt.
�Stop!�
Myrtle had her hand out to stop her.&nbsp; Her forehead had run into the open palm.
�You have to beg permission first.�
�Please, Mistress, let me eat your pussy.�
�No, don&#8217;t look at me.&nbsp; Look at my pussy.&nbsp; It is the most important thing in the world to you.&nbsp; It is the only thing standing between you and a severe switching.
Chase stared at the woman&#8217;s love nest, wondering what it would be like to do that to another woman.&nbsp; Often she had slave girls do it to her.&nbsp; Now she was the slave girl.
�Please, Mistress, let me eat you pussy.�
�Kiss it first.�
The bound blonde leaned forward to give a light kiss between the woman&#8217;s legs.
�Ohhhhhhh!!�
Myrtle pulled her head up by grabbing a fistful of hair.
�My pussy isn&#8217;t your brother.&nbsp; Kiss it like you love it.�
To give the new slave girl an idea of just what she wanted, she rammed her face into her crotch with her hands and held it there.
�That was better.&nbsp; Now do it again.�
Chase sniffled.&nbsp; She knew they would beat her if she starting bawling.&nbsp; She tried to control herself.
The blonde pressed her lips against the woman&#8217;s pussy, slowly counting to �five� before backing up.&nbsp; She did not take her eyes off it.
�Describe it.�
�You have a very beautiful pussy, Mistress.�
�What do you want to do?�
�Please let me eat your pussy.�
Chase had no idea what to do.&nbsp; Once again she planted her lips on the cunt, then insert her tongue inside.&nbsp; After doing that for a few seconds, she drew her lips off, but made hard, exaggerated sweeps with her tongue.
She guessed she was doing a good job because the woman did not berate her further.&nbsp; Myrtle had both hands on the back of her head, pressing her face into her pussy.&nbsp; Chase&#8217;s cheeks, lips and tongue were tired, but she knew better than to stop.
The woman released her grip after she had achieved several orgasms.&nbsp; Chase was inexperienced, but there was that undeniable thrill that came from a virgin tongue.
�Thank me.�
�Thank you.�
�For what?�
�Thank you for letting me eat your pussy.�
Myrtle leaned forward to hold the brunette&#8217;s chin with her right hand.&nbsp; The touch was gentle, almost affectionate.
�I can tell you are not going to be punished much.&nbsp; You can expiate most punishment merely by eating the person who intends to beat you.�
The blonde filed that away for future reference.&nbsp; She did not like being spanked.&nbsp; While she did not enjoying the humiliation of being forced to each another woman, it was less painful than having her fanny whacked.
�Now come over here and eat me.�
Chase looked over her right shoulder.&nbsp; Gertrude had stripped from the waist down (except for her boots) and was seated in a chair facing the door.&nbsp; The slave girl looked back at Myrtle to see if it was okay for her to move.
�Okay.&nbsp; Show Mistress Gertrude what a marvelous tongue you have.�
The woman made no effort to put her clothes back on.&nbsp; By the time Chase had finished with Gertrude, she would be ready for another session with the brunette and her magical tongue.
Chase crawled back to Myrtle.&nbsp; As she licked the other woman, she heard her say, �From now on you name is �Pussyeater.�
Great.&nbsp; She had not gotten used to the name Missy, and now they had changed it to Pussyeater.
�We have a little treat for you, Pussyeater.�
They had fed Chase and allowed her to go to the bathroom.&nbsp; They had put the ballgag back in, but when she emerged, they removed it.&nbsp; She was certain she would not remain ungagged for long.
�Look at this.&nbsp; Look how big and long it is!!�
The new gag was a dildo gag.&nbsp; Big and long did not adequately describe it.&nbsp; The shaft was two inches in diameter and three inches long.
Chase opened her mouth so they could insert it.&nbsp; Gertrude held it at shoulder level about a foot before her.
�No, you take it in your mouth.�&nbsp; The slave girl leaned forward.&nbsp; �Come on, Pussyeater, make love to it!&nbsp; Come on!&nbsp; Faster!�
The captive woman pumped her head up and down on the shaft for five minutes.
�Okay, that&#8217;s enough.&nbsp; We don&#8217;t want to overheat.�
As they fastened the ends of the strap together behind her head, the slave girl explored it with her mouth.&nbsp; 
�There is a large air hole in it, so feel free to breath through it.&nbsp; We don&#8217;t want you suffocating.�
Chase sucked in and discovered they were right, there was a hole in the center.&nbsp; 










Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 111

�Time for bed and, well, you have to get your exercise first.&nbsp; You&#8217;ve never seen a fat slave girl, have you?�
Chase shook her head.&nbsp; She never had anything to do with the training of slave girls.&nbsp; They existed solely to please her.&nbsp; She had no idea what form of exercise they intended for her.
Every slave girl had a sleek, firm body.&nbsp; She had never given thought to it.&nbsp; She assumed that the hard body came with the slave collar.&nbsp; She was about to find out how.
They had the ballgag back her in mouth with her hands locked behind her back.&nbsp; Except for the stiletto heels, she was stark naked.&nbsp; This time she left the room on the leash without any reservations about being naked in public.&nbsp; She was well on her way to becoming a perfectly trained slave girl.
To exit the building with her, they had to go into the basement.&nbsp; The area was well lit as all slave girls came this direction to exit.
The basement had the slave girls&#8217; entrance and exit.&nbsp; Not being free women, they could not use the doors available to others.
Myrtle attached her end of the leash to a hook on an overhead track.&nbsp; Chase stared at it as she wondered what was going on.&nbsp; The two mistresses walked back the way they had come.&nbsp; She turned to look at them.&nbsp; The two stopped at the door.&nbsp; Myrtle put her hand on a lever as she looked back at the captive brunette.&nbsp; She smiled, then pulled the lever down.&nbsp; Without another look at the slave girl she passed through the door.&nbsp; Gertrude glanced in her direction and smiled before she too stepped through the door.
Chase&#8217;s head jerked up as the mechanism clicked.&nbsp; The hook slowly moved toward the opening in the basement wall.&nbsp; Chase had no choice to trot after it.&nbsp; In seconds she stood outside at the end of the device that had stopped automatically when the hook tripped a trigger.
Sometimes, when the inn was busy, an attendant looked after the slave girls exiting the building.&nbsp; He would remove them from the track and send the hook back inside for the next voluptuous slave girl to exit.&nbsp; As each slave girl emerged from the building, he tethered her to a series of hooks on the foundation of the building.
During slack times, the device was unattended.&nbsp; There were two devices so two slave girls could wait at the same time.&nbsp; The master or mistress had to get their property rather promptly to keep the system going.
Chase waited five minutes while the two women returned to the first floor and left the building by a normal exit.&nbsp; To get to the slave girl&#8217;s exit, they had to circle around the loading dock.&nbsp; The slave girls used a doorway lower than the dock.&nbsp; This reminded them of their inferior status.&nbsp; Even the goods coming to the inn were more important than they were.
Gertrude waited at ground level while Myrtle descended to the lower level using a ramp.&nbsp; In a minute, the two and their slave girl were on the way to the slave girl stables.
They tethered her to a post while they went in search of the manager.&nbsp; They quickly negotiated the price of room, board and a good workout for the slave girl.
�You know, she hasn&#8217;t gotten much exercise today.�
�Have you seen the way she wobbles around in those shoes?�
�She hasn&#8217;t walked much in them.�
A slave girl could walk only a short distance before her feet began to hurt from the uncomfortable position caused by the severe arch of the sandals.&nbsp; The more experience a slave girl had, the further she could walk.&nbsp; Chase had not walked far.&nbsp; She could use some exercise.
The two mistresses exchanged glances, looked back at the captive, and giggled.&nbsp; Without another word, they walked off.
The beautiful brunette had no idea what plans they had for her.&nbsp; She expected them to return to her.&nbsp; She turned to watch them.&nbsp; They moved toward the side of the building.&nbsp; They disappeared from sight a few feet from the door.
After a few minutes the brunette became anxious.&nbsp; She became outright terrified when she heard steps in her direction.&nbsp;&nbsp; A man took her leash, and used it to lead her around in back.
Chase had no contact with the day-to-day training of slave girls.&nbsp; If she needed use of one or two, she rented.&nbsp; They would arrive well trained and eager to do whatever she demanded.&nbsp; She had no idea how slave girls became docile.
The device was called an automatic walker.&nbsp; Four arms radiated outwards.&nbsp; Four slave girls could be trained simultaneously by tethering one to each arm. At this time there was only the brunette.
The attendant guided her to the end of one arm of the device.&nbsp; He removed the leash, but before she could think about running off, he grabbed her by the back of the neck.&nbsp; Pushing her forward, he pressed her throat against the protruding arm were there was a groove.&nbsp; 
He locked her to the device.&nbsp; Pulling a button back with the thumb of his right hand, he slid a small bar back to open a gap in the arm.&nbsp; All it took was a little shove forward, to slid the ring on her collar into the gap.&nbsp; When he raised the thumb, a spring caused the bar to snap forward through the ring.&nbsp; This locked her to the bar.
She could unfasten it if she could reach it, but not with her hands manacled behind her back. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Chase stood on ground atop the gears that ran the machine.&nbsp; By adjusting several heavy weights, he set the machine up to work.&nbsp; Until the last weight reached the bottom, the gears would continue to intermesh, causing the arms to rotate about the central post.
The newly collared slave girl tried to watch where he went, but her golden tresses were in the way.&nbsp; She knew he was somewhere to the right doing something.&nbsp; She believed it had something to do with her, but she was not certain what.&nbsp; She could not understand why he had tethered her to this vertical pole rather than&#8212;.
The forward movement of the arm almost pulled her off balance.&nbsp; She took a couple quick steps to catch up to it.&nbsp; By then it had advanced further.&nbsp; She took two more, and two more after that, and two more after that.&nbsp; Because of the fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels she could only take short steps.&nbsp; The arm rotated slowly, but Chase was unused to those heels.&nbsp; She had to move quickly, with many short steps.
When she completed three-quarters of a circuit around the machine she saw him, standing beside a small hut with hands on hips.&nbsp; As she trotted past, Chase thought of grunting her disproval.&nbsp; That idea quickly faded from her mind.&nbsp; She knew anything like that would only result in her being punished.&nbsp; He had no doubts that he could increase the speed easily.
She completed a second lap, then a third.&nbsp; As she finished the third circuit, she saw he was no longer there.&nbsp; The arm stopped pulling her forward.&nbsp; She was glad this ordeal was over.
She heard him beside her.&nbsp; She tried to turn her head to look in his direction, but the collar kept her from doing that.
She felt his hand on the back of her head.&nbsp; Then she saw nothing as he slipped the pink satin blindfold over her eyes.&nbsp; The band was elastic so the satin pressed tightly against her eyes, giving no opportunity for her to see anything.
Her breath came in shallow, quick gasps as she trembled at the thought of the new torment that was in store for her.&nbsp; She could not see what he did to her.
The arm jerked forward.&nbsp; She took several quick steps until she had moved closer to it so she could straighten up.
That was how the beautiful brunette spent the next half hour.&nbsp; She had no sense of time or place with the blindfold over her eyes.&nbsp; As she could do was put one foot in front of the other.
She was so glad when that ordeal ended.&nbsp; Of course she had to tip him for servicing her.&nbsp; His cock was hard but no matter how much she sucked and licked she could not make him come.&nbsp; When he was ready for her to continue, he stepped back, ramming the ball gag in her mouth again.
He pulled her upright so she was ready to walk in a circle again.&nbsp; She heard him walking away.&nbsp; Since she was only a slave girl, she had no need to know what was going on.&nbsp; She had only to obey.
Back in the hut, he pulled a couple levers out, and shoved three back in.&nbsp; This changed the gear ratio.&nbsp; The device would turn at a faster pace.&nbsp; The beautiful brunette had no choice but to walk faster to keep up with the rotating arm.
When he pulled the lever, the metal gears meshed together.&nbsp; He checked the movements so it did not jam.&nbsp; By the time he stepped outside, she made half a circuit about the arm.
Her legs and her feet already ached from the awkward position they had to assume because of the high heels.&nbsp; She grunted her displeasure at this rapid pace as she completed the circle and saw him before her.
She had to take increasingly faster steps.&nbsp; She tried trotting but stumbled and almost fell over.&nbsp; She could not do that with the heels on.&nbsp; All she could do was take one step after another, around and around the center post, her legs moving faster and faster.
She was extremely glad when the device came to a halt again.&nbsp; She wanted to fall to her knees but did not dare.&nbsp; They might spank her if she did, or even worse, they might send her around the device at an even faster pace.
He freed her from the rotating arm the same way he had fastened her to it.&nbsp; When he has the leash back on, he removed the blindfold.&nbsp; 
No orders were needed.&nbsp; A jerk on the leash gave her the instruction to move.&nbsp; She followed him across the training area, glad that that horrible device was behind her.
The two passed around the end of a long building, painted with gray paint that was peeling off.&nbsp; She saw four doors on the long side of the building extending back before her.&nbsp; She wondered where they led, what was on the other side, and how all these could cause her pain and humiliation her.
He ignored that side of the building, leading his luscious captive to the other side of the building where there were four more doors.&nbsp; The nearest was open with the light from several lanterns shining through.&nbsp; The man tethered her to the outside wall before entering.
Chase tried but could see little.&nbsp; The ring to which he had tethered her was several feet from the open door so she could not see much.&nbsp; (The placement of the ring there was no an accident.)&nbsp; This was some sort of office.&nbsp; Other than that she had no idea what went on in there.
Looking back over her right shoulder, she saw a chain link fence behind her.&nbsp; She turned her body so she could see beyond her long tresses.&nbsp; About fifty feet of chain link fence ran further to the right before it ended.&nbsp; After a two-meter gap, there was another fifteen-meter section, with another beyond it.
The brunette turned further to the right to look behind her.&nbsp; She saw that the fifteen-meter section was divided into five subsections, each about three meters wide.&nbsp; Through the chain link she saw another fence on the far side.
She wondered why that had all those empty cages.&nbsp; Nothing seemed to be in any of them of first.&nbsp; Her eyes moved to her left.&nbsp; After a few sections, the links obstructed her view.&nbsp; Each that she saw appeared empty.
Movement in one drew her attention back to it and down to the floor.&nbsp; Dark hair moved to the right and left a little.&nbsp; Beyond it, she saw a pair of legs rising in the air.
This was the slave girl stable.
That was where she was!&nbsp; The women intended to keep her in the slave girl stables with the other animals instead of allowing her to share their room.&nbsp; She wanted to protest, but what could she do?
She looked back to the left as the man passed her on the way from the office.&nbsp; He did not acknowledge her presence at all except for a pat on the bare fanny as he went past.
Again she was alone.&nbsp; This time it lasted for ten minutes.&nbsp; A different man emerged from the office.&nbsp; Unfastening the end of the leash, he gave it a little tug as a signal to follow.
She trotted along behind him as they passed the front of the sections of fence.&nbsp; The beautiful brunette glanced to her right as they passed each cross-section.&nbsp; Hogtied on the floor of each cage was a naked slave girl.&nbsp; Some looked up at her but most were asleep. 
He turned right to lead her between two sections of fencing.&nbsp; At the end they turned left to parallel the route they had been on, only this time they were behind the cages.&nbsp; 
So intent was she on looking in each cage as they passed that she did not realize they had arrived at hers until she felt the angle of the leash change as the man stepped through the opening.&nbsp; 
The door was already open.&nbsp; He led her inside.&nbsp; Forcing her to face the chain link fence on the front, he reached around her to unfasten the end of her leash.
�Kneel.�
She lowered one knee to the floor, then brought the other down to join it.&nbsp; He had given her no further orders, so she sat back on her heels.
Two coiled lengths of rope hung on the chain links next to the door.&nbsp; He selected the long one first.&nbsp; Looping it about her upper arms six times, he tied a secure knot so it would not come off.
�Lay facedown on the floor facing in the same direction.�
She wondered if he wanted her to fall forward.&nbsp; The floor was cement and she knew that would hurt.&nbsp; She decided that he had left it to her just how she would get into the desired position.&nbsp; If she fell forward she knew it would hurt.&nbsp; If she did not, he might punish her.&nbsp; She decided it was worth the risk.
Swinging her legs out to the right, she shifted her weight first to her left bottomcheek and then hip.&nbsp; She fell to her left side, then rolled onto her front.
By then, he had the second rope uncoiled.&nbsp; He tied her ankles together with one end.&nbsp; His right hand held the end of the rope while his left pulled her feet forward toward her head.&nbsp; He leaned on her shins with his left arm, holding her feet down toward her body.&nbsp; This let him lean forward so he could tuck the other end under several loops encircling her chest.&nbsp; He pulled the end of the rope back to her feet, sticking it between her legs and drawing it up over the rope so it passed between her feet.&nbsp; He ran the rope back to those loops about her chest, this time tying them together with two half hitches.
When he rose, she was hogtied.
Grabbing her by the hair, he pulled her head off the floor a little, just enough so he could slide a wooden wedge under it.&nbsp; With her head elevated, there was little strain on her body.
She would not have a comfortable night&#8217;s sleep, but she would learn to enjoy it.
She heard him closing and locking the door.&nbsp; She wore the collar of a slave girl so no one would help her.&nbsp; She wore steel manacles.&nbsp; She was hogtied with no way of getting free.&nbsp; But he still had to lock the door.
She heard him walk away.&nbsp; A minute later, she recognized his tread as he moved in front of the cage to look at her.
Anyone could watch her from the front or the back.&nbsp; She could do nothing be lay there.
Before she could think about had cruelly fate had treated her, she fell asleep.&nbsp; She had had a most eventful day. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
In the morning, they awoke the newly collared slave girl early, cleaned her up and fed her.
Feeding was quite an experience for the buxom beauty, one she would not quickly forget.&nbsp; Lined up along one wall of the building were a dozen mannequins, seated in chairs with their backs against the building.&nbsp; The first three had little slave girls kneeling so their faces were at the crotch.&nbsp; From the movement of their heads, Chase thought they were sucking cock.
But that could not be, could it?
They stopped at the fourth mannequin.&nbsp; There, rising from its crotch, was a large dildo.
Chase found herself kneeling, her lips wrapped about the shaft, a long metal rod attached to her collar.
�Start up number 4.�
She guessed that was she.
�Go down on it if you want to eat.�
The man placed a hand on the back of her head to shove her mouth down on the dildo.&nbsp; The rod moved down with her head, triggering a squirt of slave girl gruel through the hole in the shaft.
�It squirted on the first time.&nbsp; It will squirt on the second after that. Then the third and then the fourth.&nbsp; You have half an hour to eat.&nbsp; You had better hurry.�
Chase pumped her head up and down.&nbsp; As the man said, the gruel squirted out on the second effort.&nbsp; She sucked the shaft clean.&nbsp; Three more pumps, and another squirt.
It was a satisfied and totally humiliated slave girl that they took back into the inn.
Myrtle and Gertrude returned from breakfast to find the brunette slave girl as they wanted her. Instead of kneeling on two chairs as she had the day before, they had her kneeling on four.
They first had her kneel on two chairs that faced each other, one to her right, the other to the left.&nbsp; Her feet hung over one side of each chair seat.&nbsp; They squatted to the right and left of the kneeling brunette.&nbsp; First they tied a rope to her upper calf near the knee.&nbsp; They ran it under each seat where they tied the ends to a chair leg with a simple hitch.&nbsp; This made it impossible for her to raise her knee from the chair seat.&nbsp; She could not get off.
Moving around behind the captive, each woman reached under the chair to get the ends of the rope.&nbsp; These they tied to her ankles.&nbsp; They still had rope to work with.&nbsp; They pulled it down to a chair leg on that side where they tied two half hitches.
Two ropes had successful secured the brunette&#8217;s legs, from the calf to the ankle, to the chair.&nbsp; Sure, she could wiggle around a bit, but that was about it.&nbsp; If she struggled enough she might even knock the chairs over.&nbsp; She would not try though.&nbsp; That would hurt, and it would accomplish nothing.
Gertrude moved around in front of Chase to push the other two chairs in the desired positions.&nbsp; Myrtle remained behind to remove the manacles.&nbsp; These two were mistresses, they knew better than to give a slave girl more freedom than was necessary.
�Bend over, one forearm on each seat.�
They tied her arms to the chairs as they had her calves.&nbsp; The end of the rope went about her forearms at the elbow.&nbsp; A simple hitch secured it to a chair leg before they pulled the rope under the chair seat so they could tie the end to her wrists.&nbsp; The last few centimeters were secured to a chair leg.
The brunette could not move her arms from the chair seats.&nbsp; Neither could she straighten up.&nbsp; It was as though she was on all fours, only her hands and knees was half a meter above the floor.
All four chair backs faced away from the brunette.&nbsp; Each woman moved to the back of a chair to which the brunette&#8217;s forearms were bound.&nbsp; Slowly they pulled the chairs apart.&nbsp; As her arms moved, her upper body dropped.&nbsp; While it was an awkward position, placing much strain on the brunette&#8217;s upper arms and shoulders, it did little to the brunette.
The same could not be said when they did the same to the chairs to which they had tied her calves.&nbsp; When they pulled them apart, her bottom drooped down.&nbsp; Her thighs moved apart, revealing her cunt to anyone standing behind her.
�That should hold her until we get back,� Myrtle announced, without revealing where they was going.&nbsp; �I hope she doesn&#8217;t get lonely.�&nbsp; Inserting her index and middle fingers in the brunette&#8217;s cunt, she rammed them in and out about twenty times, keeping her eyes on the back of Chase&#8217;s head.&nbsp; 
The brunette fidgeted at first, unused to personal abuse.&nbsp; Gradually the action took effect.&nbsp; Her head shot back and remained there as she approached an orgasm.
That was Myrtle&#8217;s signal to stop.&nbsp; She did not want the little slave girl to come.&nbsp; The continual frustration would make her increasingly docile, as she would do anything if her mistresses only allow her to come.
�Ta-ta,� she said as they headed for the door.
Chase&#8217;s first actions were to try to draw those chairs back together so her cunt was not as exposed.&nbsp; That was impossible.&nbsp; 
Next she tried to get free.&nbsp; She wiggled around a bit before deciding there was no way to get loose from this position.&nbsp; She could not get at the knots even though she could see those binding the ropes to her forearms.&nbsp; The working ends disappeared under the chair seats.&nbsp; She did not know how they were secured, but it was evident they were tied someway out of sight.
She tried to look behind her when she heard the door open, but her long hair kept her from seeing anything.
�Did you miss me?�&nbsp; Myrtle asked as she inserted two fingers in the brunette&#8217;s cunt.
�Keep an eye on her while I go out,� she said as she straightened up.
Gertrude waited until the door closed before she moved over to the brunette&#8217;s side where she could run her hand from the shoulder, along the flank to the bottom and back.&nbsp;&nbsp; As her right hand did that, her left found the dangling titties on that side and played with it.
�I think you need more training, don&#8217;t you?�
The brunette nodded, knowing it would be foolish for her to do anything else.
Her head hung down so her long tresses obstructed her view of what happened on either side of her.&nbsp; She could have raised her head so she could see beyond them, but she was afraid this would result in further punishment.&nbsp; She concluded that the smartest action she could take would be to agree with them and let them do anything they wanted to her.
The mistress appeared in sight before her pushing a chair.&nbsp; The brunette slave girl saw immediately that the woman had removed everything from the waist down.&nbsp; She sat in the chair, then motioned the brunette forward with her right hand.
Chase leaned forward a little.&nbsp; As she did, the woman grabbed her by the head with her hands, pulling it forward and down.&nbsp; She stopped pulling when Chase&#8217;s forehead was pressed against her cunt.
She wanted to unbuckle the strap holding the rubber ball in the brunette&#8217;s mouth, but to do that she had to push the hair out of the way.&nbsp; Once she could see it, it took her only seconds to finish.&nbsp; She pushed the slave girl&#8217;s head back so she could jerk the rubber ball from her mouth.&nbsp; She then pushed Chase&#8217;s head down so her face was in her crotch.
�What do you want to do?�
�Mistress, please let me eat you pussy.�
�Go ahead.�
Chase pressed her lips against the woman&#8217;s labia, and then inserted her tongue inside her.
At this point, the brunette slave girl lost all ability to do anything else.&nbsp; Gertrude pulled her upper body back and slid her bottom forward&nbsp; Her legs encircled the young woman&#8217;s waist, holding her body down.&nbsp; Both hands held the brunette&#8217;s head so she could not move her head up.
Chase spent the next hour earning her name �Pussyeater.�
The important thing was that Gertrude was satisfied.&nbsp; Chase was only a slave girl so her wants or feelings did not matter.&nbsp; Only when the woman had come several times was the brunette allowed to quit.&nbsp; Gertrude pushed her backwards.&nbsp; As she did that, her body rose in the air until it was parallel to the floor.
The woman kept a firm grip on Chase&#8217;s head by holding on to a fist of brunette tresses with her left hand.&nbsp; With her right hand, she wedged the rubber ball back into her mouth.&nbsp; Pulling forward, she forced the captive&#8217;s face into her pussy so she could buckle the ends of a strap together behind the back of her head.&nbsp; Pushing backwards, she forced her slave girl back onto all fours.
Gertrude dressed and moved around behind the captive.
�How would you rate yourself Pussyeater, on a scale of one to ten.&nbsp; A one?�&nbsp; The brunette shook her head.&nbsp; �A ten?�&nbsp; A nod.
Whap!
�Mmmmmmmmmmmffffffffffffffffffffffffffttttttttttttttttttttttttt!!!!!� 
The switch landed on the brunette&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; It did not have to hard since the target was that most sensitive part of a woman&#8217;s body.
�Let&#8217;s try that again.&nbsp; Do you think your effort rated a �10?�&nbsp; A vigorous shaking of the head was the answer.
�Do you rate a &#8216;1?�
A nod.
�Do you think you should be punished for such a lousy performance?&nbsp; A nod.&nbsp; �Say ten whacks on the pussy?� 
Chase hesitated in answering until she felt something down between her legs.&nbsp; The mistress had not struck her, but had merely rubbed the switch up and down in her cunt.&nbsp; She nodded with mock enthusiasm.&nbsp; 
Whap!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Chase almost laughed with joy.&nbsp; The blow had landed on her fanny, not her cunt.
Whap!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Gertrude moved back to her left so she stood between the chairs.&nbsp; She tucked the switch in her belt to free both hands.&nbsp; With them free, she could grab the brunette&#8217;s titties by leaning forward across her body, her left hands passing under her body, her right passing around the right of her body.
�Do you understand now that what you did will reflect on what you have done to you.&nbsp; Be a good little slave girl, and nothing will happen to you.&nbsp; Misbehave��
She did not answer the question verbally, but told Chase what would happen to her by pinching and pulling her nipples.
�Now, we are going to play again, and how well you perform will determine what happens to you.�
Shucking her pants, Gertrude slid the chain before the brunette&#8217;s face.&nbsp; Once settled in, she pulled the brunette&#8217;s head forward so she could get at the strap holding the ballgag in her mouth.&nbsp; Back and forth.&nbsp; Chase held her face only a centimeter before the woman&#8217;s cunt.
�Please, Mistress, let me eat you pussy.�
�Go ahead.�
The brunette&#8217;s face once against move forward so her tongue could enter the woman. 
Myrtle returned to find Gertrude asleep in the chair, still naked from the waist down.&nbsp; Before she had passed out from exhaustion she had the presence of mind of insert the ballgag back into Chase&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; She stuck the working end through the buckle, giving it a final tug before she fell back on the chair.&nbsp; The strap was not snug, but it did not have to be.&nbsp; She had insured that the voluptuous brunette could not push it from her mouth with her tongue.
As for Chase, she remained where the two women had placed her.&nbsp; Sure, she tried to escape but that was impossible.&nbsp; She pulled back on the ropes, twisted her wrists, tugged and pulled, all to no avail.
She tried the same with her legs (though she could not think how that would aid her).&nbsp; It was much the same.&nbsp; 
Myrtle placed her left hand on the brunette&#8217;s head to provide leverage.&nbsp; A mighty jerk on the working end of the strap pulled the rubber ball deeply into her mouth where she had no chance of uttering more than muffled grunt.
Having insured the slave girl&#8217;s complete obedience, she turned her attention to her friend.
�Wake up!�
She accompanied that order with a kick to the chair leg.&nbsp; Gertrude straightened up immediately, reaching for her knife.
�What is it?&nbsp; Are they after us?�
�No.&nbsp; Get dressed we have a little journey before us.&nbsp; The plans are complete.�
Chase looked up at Myrtle hoping the woman would give some details as to what the plans were.&nbsp; She knew and Gertrude knew.&nbsp; Since she was only a slave girl, the beautiful captive had no need to know.
The woman rose to get her pants back on.&nbsp; As soon as she vacated the chair, Myrtle grabbed it by the back, spinning it about so it faced away from the brunette slave girl.&nbsp; She plopped down in the seat, straddling the back, so her face was no more than a meter from Chase&#8217;s.
�You may wonder what is next.&nbsp; We could take you into town and parade you around in front of some of your friends.
�There are a couple slavers around here who would love to have the chance to have a go at your pussy.&nbsp; I bet you have never had it that way -&nbsp; bound and gagged so you cannot move.&nbsp; Your legs spread so your pussy is available to anyone who wants it.&nbsp; I bet you might come to love it.�
She stopped to smile.
�But there are other things we have to take care of first.�









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 112

One of the most devious discipline and training devices used on a slave girl was the inflatable gag.&nbsp; The bondage device appeared innocuous to someone who did not have to wear it.&nbsp; Many women accepted the inflatable gag thinking it was better than a ballgag.&nbsp; When inflated, it forced the jaws open, filling the mouth and silencing the captive so she could not utter a sound.&nbsp; The devious part was that the pain grew with each passing second.
Yes, slip such a gag in the mouth of a young woman, inflate it to the maximum and wait half an hour.&nbsp; She would be more than willing to accept a slave collar if that would cause them to remove that odious gag from her mouth.
Part of Robyn&#8217;s training at Oral U. involved an inflatable gag.&nbsp; The dildo-shaped balloon would force her jaws apart.&nbsp; Bound as she was, she could do nothing to remove the gag on her own.&nbsp; They knew how much she could take &#8211; and gave her about five minutes more.&nbsp; Each day they added a minute or more to the length of time they kept it in her mouth.
As she neared the end of her training, she could take the inflatable gag for two hours without a whimper.&nbsp; Because of her training, she could suck cock for hours without getting tired.
They removed the inflatable gag, but immediately replaced it with a conventional dildo gag.&nbsp; The second it was in her mouth, the beautiful slave girl sucked it.&nbsp; She did not have to think about it, as it was now an automatic reflex.
They led her toward a door at the end of the hall.&nbsp; Before opening it, they secured a leather blindfold over her eyes.&nbsp; Two foam-line leather pads covered her eyes.&nbsp; The strap about her head pressed the pads against her eyes, the foam conforming to the controls of her face so no light at all could get through to her eyes.
The room beyond the door was one of the public training rooms.&nbsp; The beautiful slave girl had no need to know what it was, hence the blindfold.&nbsp; 
Once inside the room, the man holding her leash jerked down once.&nbsp; Robyn quickly fell to her knees.&nbsp; The man moved around behind her.&nbsp; Without any warning, he placed his right foot against her upper back to push her forward.&nbsp; She fell on her front with a muffled �Oomph!�
He changed her bondage into that of a regular hogtie.&nbsp; He looped a room several times about her chest above her large titties.&nbsp; After four loops, he tied a secure knot.
He then bound her hands together palm-to-palm.&nbsp; A second rope went about her upper arms near the elbow, drawing them together so they touched.&nbsp; This was an awkward position but, as with the inflatable gag, Robyn had gotten use to it.&nbsp; (She also knew there were much worse positions in which to be bound.)
Another rope tied her ankles together and a fifth her lower thighs at the knee.&nbsp; He threaded a last rope under those loops about her chest.&nbsp; One end went between her calves.&nbsp; As he pulled on the ends, he drew her feet toward her head.&nbsp; When he tied the ends together, he had the naked slave girl bound in a hogtie position from which there was no escape.
He rolled her on her back.&nbsp; With her legs underneath her, this was an unwieldy position (like he cared!).&nbsp; A leather strap with a large metal ring went about her upper chest and a second about her slender waist.
He then lowered a chain from an overhead pulley.&nbsp; A short chain ran from the ring near her boobs to a ring on the end of the chain.&nbsp; An even shorter chain ran from between the other ring and the chain.
When he shortened the chain, drawing it through the pulley, he pulled Robyn&#8217;s luscious body in the air.&nbsp; The length of the chains was such that her head was several centimeters lower than her bottom.&nbsp; The chains were the proper length that they held her head level with a man&#8217;s groin.
The �public room� was such that the public could come in and help with the training of slave girls.&nbsp; It was an easy task to loosen the strap holding the dildo in the slave girl&#8217;s mouth, and then insert the real thing.
Robyn loved it.&nbsp; Her training had been perfect.
Time came for the final exam.&nbsp; Yes, it was an oral exam.
They gave the beautiful slave girl little time between men.&nbsp; She received high marks in her enthusiasm to such cock.&nbsp; They took notice that her nipples became hard and pointed at the sight of the first man&#8217;s cock, and did not ease off during the entire exam.
She had been trained to enjoy sucking cock.
She passed with honors.
They sent word to Clarissa that Robyn was ready, then moved on to the final phase of the training.
Six small, golden rings sealed the slave girl&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; If she were going to get sexual pleasure, it would come though her mouth.
Clarissa arrived to pick her up with a special outfit for her to wear.&nbsp; The dean of students passed it to a French Maid who led the slave girl into another room to be dressed.
In the meantime, Clarissa paid the final fees, including a substantial honorarium to the college for performing the job satisfactorily.
The French Maid led the slave girl back into the room ten minutes later.
The outfit the beautiful slave girl wore could properly be called a blue satin gown.&nbsp; The upper part of the gown molded to the delicious curves of the slave girl.&nbsp; From the waist upwards it was very tight.&nbsp; A half bra lifted her tits and pushed them together without covering the nipples.&nbsp; The satin rose to the top of the bra, covering it without hiding the nipples.
The hem was ankle-length but that is a deceptive description.&nbsp; A wedge was cut from the front of the dress, four centimeters wide at the waist but half a meter at the hem.&nbsp; Each edge, where the vertical cut met the hem, there was a loop of material that the French Maid had tied about the slave girl&#8217;s ankles.&nbsp; When Robyn stood with her legs spread, that position pulled the skirt open so everyone could see her crotch.
The slave girl&#8217;s bondage was a blue spandex singleglove whose color matched the dress (so as not to draw attention away from it).
The whole appearance of the outfit was to draw attention to the captive&#8217;s tits and pussy.&nbsp; Every man who saw here would look first at her titties, then at her crotch.
And Robyn would love it.
�Come on, My Dear, I am late for lunch.�
The Amazon wanted her slave girl with her so she could revel in her humiliation.&nbsp; Since no woman wearing a collar would be permitted through the front door of any restaurant, she chose a sidewalk caf�.
She positioned Robyn so she faced the sidewalk.&nbsp; In that position every man walking by had to notice her physical attributes.
�Spread you legs wide, Robyn.&nbsp; We want everyone to see what you have to offer.�
With new slave girls, it was a common practice to put them out in public where everyone could see their physical assets.&nbsp; The knowledge that their bodies had become public playgrounds, humiliated a slave girl so any resistance would be unthinkable.
The torment Clarissa had in store for Robyn was quite different.&nbsp; She had been planning this from day one.&nbsp; Because of her training, the beautiful slave girl would think nothing of parading around in public with her most private parts on display.&nbsp; She would want men to see them.
Just the thought that the sight of her body was arousing men would cause the slave girl herself to become aroused.&nbsp; As Clarissa sat back at the table, sipping the glass of wine, she had no doubts that Robyn was sucking on the dildo, fantasying that it was the real thing, belonging to one of those men who ogled her titties or crotch.
�Another bottle of white wine,� the Amazon said to the serving wench.&nbsp; The longer the slave girl offered her wares, the more powerful the let down would be.
When the Amazon downed the last of that bottle, she decided it was time to take her new slave girl back to the apartment.&nbsp; The lease expired today.&nbsp; She would use it one last time to have her final revenge on Robyn.
As she approached the doorway, she saw the man with the newspaper across the street.&nbsp; He paid no attention to her, until her back was turned as she passed through the door.&nbsp; He then turned his eyes toward the door and kept them riveted on it until it was closed.
Most of the stuff they had brought here to subjugate the brunette had already been removed.&nbsp; A few boxes sat on the floor next to the door.&nbsp; She thought that was everything, but to be certain, she would make one final sweep through the apartment before leaving it for the last time.
Clarissa stripped the young captive so she was naked.&nbsp; The elaborate costume was a hindrance to what she intended to do to Robyn.&nbsp; With it draped over one box at the door; she had the young slave girl kneel on one end of the coffee table.&nbsp; She secured her there by looping a rope about Robyn&#8217;s upper calves and the tabletop.&nbsp; She needed nothing fancy, as Robyn would not remain in this position long. 
The Amazon moved to the far end of the low table to pull Robyn&#8217;s head forward and down.&nbsp; When her head was pressed against the hard surface, she looped another rope across the back of her neck.
This left Robyn kneeling with her naked ass raised in the air.
If you can&#8217;t guess what happens next, you haven&#8217;t been paying attention.
Clarissa stepped behind the sofa.&nbsp; Robyn had remained on the other side so she could not see what was there.&nbsp; When she stepped back, she carried a large wooden paddle.
The paddle was a little too big so her to wield easily.&nbsp; Because of its size, she could not swing it with much force, but that was not the intent.&nbsp; She did not have to beat the helpless slave girl into submission &#8211; she had already done that.&nbsp; She just wanted to remind her of what would happen if she disobeyed.&nbsp; 
And what better way to convey that message than a solid whack to the fanny?
Robyn had her head turned to the left so the right side of her head was pressed against the surface of the coffee table.&nbsp; Clarissa stepped around Robyn, holding the paddle down in front of her face so she knew what was about to happen.
�I just want to remind you of what happens to bad little slave girls.�
Two steps forward brought her to the end of the table and the brunette&#8217;s upraised bottom.&nbsp; She pressed the working part of the paddle against Robyn&#8217;s bottomcheeks before moving her feet a little to get in the best position.
Whack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
Robyn had not been spanked for days so her mind had blotted out the memories of the pain of her frequent spankings at Clarissa&#8217;s hand.&nbsp; They all came back with one searing flash of pain through both cheeks.
�This is just to remind you of what happens to bad little slave girls,� Clarissa repeated.
After tossing the paddle of the floor, she untied Robyn from the coffee table.&nbsp; The slave girl remained in the position in which she had been bound.&nbsp; Clarissa did not order her off the table verbally.&nbsp; She conveyed the message by placing her right foot against the slave girl&#8217;s left hip and pushing.&nbsp; The beautiful young woman slid off the table and onto the floor.
Clarissa removed all her clothing from the waist down.&nbsp; These she dropped on the sofa.&nbsp; She slid a chair over in front of the slave girl and sat down.
�Crawl over here in front of me so you are between my legs.�
Robyn did as she was ordered, but she could not take her eyes off the woman&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; She had been thoroughly trained to worship a man&#8217;s cock.&nbsp; She wanted nothing to do with another woman&#8217;s pussy.
Not that she had any say in the matter.
Clarissa pinned her head in place with her knees while she unbuckled the strap that held the dildo gag in the slave girl&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; She kept her right hand on the back of Robyn&#8217;s head while she held the gag in her left.
�Show me what they taught you.&nbsp; Come on, make love to it.�
Robyn had little choice as the Amazon forced the dildo in and out of her mouth.&nbsp; The slave girl closed her eyes.&nbsp; If the Amazon thought she was torturing her, she was wrong.&nbsp; Robyn enjoyed this.&nbsp; She had been well trained.
Slap! 
�Open your eyes!�&nbsp; The Amazon pulled the dildo from the slave girl&#8217;s mouth, holding it up in front of her face for her to see.&nbsp; �I hope you enjoyed that because that was the last time you are going to have this, or the real thing, in your mouth.&nbsp; From now on, that cute mouth of yours is going to do nothing but eat pussy.�&nbsp; Clarissa tossed the dildo away.&nbsp; �Eat me now.�&nbsp; She pulled the captive&#8217;s head forward.
What an insidious plot!&nbsp; Train a slave girl so the mere thought of having a cock in her mouth causes her to be aroused, then cut her off cold turkey!
About an hour later, Clarissa led the naked slave girl down to the street.&nbsp; In her mouth she a bright red rubber ballgag.&nbsp; The slave girl had her head bowed in a submissive stance.
As she stepped through the door, Clarissa looked around.&nbsp; The man with the newspaper was still there.&nbsp; 
Robyn stepped into public view without hesitation.
Clarissa led the slave girl to the edge of the street.&nbsp; She looked in one direction, then the other.&nbsp; When she stopped, she jerked down, on the leash.&nbsp; Robyn knelt.&nbsp; When she looked back, she smiled as she recognized a rider coming toward her.
�Is this the one?� she asked.
�Yep,� Clarissa replied.&nbsp; �Well trained and eager to please.&nbsp; Take her back to our compound and we will see how many pussies she can eat before sundown.�
The mounted Amazon laughed.
Clarissa grabbed Robyn by the chin, turning her head so she had to look at the Amazon.
�I just enjoy happy endings.�
Clarissa watched as the slave girl trotted along after the Amazon.&nbsp; She could move easily with those high heels on.
She still had to clean out the apartment.&nbsp; As she turned, she heard the clip-clopping of hooves on the ground.&nbsp; She looked back to see a carriage coming down the street drawn by a team of sixteen ponygirls.
�Clarissa!�
She looked back at the sound of her name.
The driver of the carriage was a slave girl dressed in red satin.&nbsp; Seated comfortablely in back was Canjac.
�Oh, hi.�
�Do you have a few minutes?&nbsp; There is something back at my compound I would like to show you.�
Clarissa did not want to clean out the apartment.&nbsp; This was an excuse to put it off.&nbsp; Maybe she could come back later with a couple of slave girls to do it.
�Yeah.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t have anything pressing.&nbsp; I can spare a few minutes.�
Canjac jumped down and held the door open for her.&nbsp; As she got in, he turned to look across the street.&nbsp; He flicked the index finger of his right hand off she nose.&nbsp; Across the street, the man returned the gesture, folded his paper under his arm, and walked away.
Yes, we all love happy endings.










Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 113
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All because the Amazons were dwindling in numbers did not mean they had to curtail their games.&nbsp; The slave girls existed for their pleasure, and they intended to exploit that.&nbsp; Almost every night they had some sort of entertainment, entertainment that brought pleasure to them and muffled squeals of agony from the buxom slave girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Amazons sat in chairs around the arena.&nbsp; A slave girl could not flee from the middle of them.&nbsp; Not that she had anywhere to which she could run, but the Amazons formed a circle.&nbsp; No slave girl could escape the first ring of slavers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were three different contests planned for the evening.&nbsp; All would provide the mistresses with entertainment.&nbsp; Some would be more painful to their beautiful captives than others.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Among those chosen to participate were the twins, Marty and Peggy.&nbsp; They had no idea what was going on.&nbsp; All they knew was that they were dressed (so to speak) in greenbelts, sheer black stockings and the fifteen-centimeter stiletto heels.&nbsp; On their arms they wore the shoulder length satin gloves that matched the color of their garter belts, in this case green for Peggy and red for Marty.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Each slave girl wore a white ballgag that insured silence.&nbsp; The slave girls were led into a hallway where they were linked together in a coffle.&nbsp; Black leather blindfolds kept them from knowing what would happen to them next.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty heard the cheers from the crowd as the games began.&nbsp; She had no idea what was going on.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She did not want to find out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was certain it would be painful.&nbsp; She continually clenched and unclenched her buttocks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finally her time came.&nbsp; She and another slave girl faced off in the center of the Amazons.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Laying about the floor were pieces of rope.&nbsp; It was impossible to take a step without stepping on one.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You two are going to wrestle for supremacy.&nbsp; The goal is to wrestle your opponent to the ground, bind her hands behind her back, tie her ankles together, and then tie her knees to her neck so she has to kneel with her ass in the air. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Then you insert this is her ass until this ring touches her asshole.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she gave that last instruction, the Amazon held up the large dildo.&nbsp; It was twenty centimeters long, three in diameter, with a twenty-centimeter handle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You are competing against all your sister slaves.&nbsp; The loser wants it to take as long as possible, while the winner wants it to happen quickly.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Amazon dropped the dildo on the floor before retreating out of the way.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Ready!&nbsp; Set! Go!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was not a fair match, the Amazons had not intended for it to be.&nbsp; Marty&#8217;s opponent was experienced so she knew what to do.&nbsp; Marty tried to grapple with the other slave girl but found herself flipped about and tossed on the ground.&nbsp; She tried to get up but found she could not.&nbsp; The slave girl landed on top the buxom slave girl, pinning her to the floor.&nbsp; She tried to push up, but found her arm pulled behind her.&nbsp; Too late she felt the rope about her wrist.&nbsp; She tried to pull it down but that no longer mattered.&nbsp; Her opponent pulled other arm up into the middle of her back.&nbsp; Marty had managed to pull her left arm down to the floor.&nbsp; The slave girl used her right to pin the buxom slave girl&#8217;s arm against her back.&nbsp; She pulled Marty&#8217;s left arm up.&nbsp; In seconds, she had the rope looped around the sexy slave girl&#8217;s wrists.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty was helpless.&nbsp; The next step was to bind her legs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave girl shifted her weight about so she face in the opposite direction.&nbsp; Marty kicked her legs but it did no good.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The slave girl grabbed Marty&#8217;s left leg with her hands to raise it.&nbsp; She swung her left leg around to get it under Marty&#8217;s.&nbsp; She then bound one end of the rope to the slave girl&#8217;s ankle. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was time to do the same to the Marty&#8217;s right ankle.&nbsp; Before tying the ends of the rope, the slave girl pulled the young woman&#8217;s feet together so her ankles crossed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She pulled on the rope, drawing the captive&#8217;s feet toward her chest.&nbsp; As her knees moved toward her head, they had to move apart.&nbsp; This was what they wanted.&nbsp; The slave girl threaded the end of the rope through the ring on the collar.&nbsp; She pulled with her right hand, while her left arm pulled Marty&#8217;s legs against her chest.&nbsp; With practiced hand, she tied two hitches in the rope.&nbsp; When she let go, the buxom slave girl could not leave that position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave girl then flipped the helpless captive over on her front.&nbsp; In this position, her knees were spread wide, her ass spread and vulnerable.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First through, she grabbed her rival by the hair to pull her about so she faced away from the Amazons.&nbsp; This would give them the opportunity to see what was done to their slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second slave girl retrieved the dildo.&nbsp; Straddling Marty&#8217;s bottom, she sat down.&nbsp; Slowly she pressed the tip of the dildo into her asshole.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Amazons responded by laughing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The dildo had smooth spirals cut into it so it worked its way in smoothly when pulled and twisted.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was not to say that it was comfortable for the recipient though.&nbsp; The shaft was covered with four hundred small bumps to irritate the ass when passing in.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When they were finished with Marty, they pulled her to the side, leaving the handle of the dildo protruding from her ass.&nbsp; She would wait uncomfortably while the contest continued.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty had been in the second contest of five.&nbsp; She lay there almost half an hour while the remainder of the contents fought.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While they set up for the next round of contests, the Amazons moved out to the floor to torment the losers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty reacted as expected when an Amazon pulled the dildo out halfway, gave it a twist and inserted it in.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was not the only one to do these.&nbsp; Half a dozen times, a woman pulled the dildo out and reinserted it.&nbsp; Some were not content to do that.&nbsp; Some insisted on pumping it in and out. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty tried to plead with them to stop, but the gag prohibited such action.&nbsp; All she could do was lie there and endure the pain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The winners of the contests were rewarded by being allowed to eat their mistresses.&nbsp; They were so glad that they were not punished that they eagerly used their tongues and lips on the Amazons.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next contest had the same type of contestants.&nbsp; Half were experienced, half were new to the collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first contest had been a simple contest of woman against woman.&nbsp; The second was women against the clock.&nbsp; The new slave girls had no chance of winning.&nbsp; All they could do was hope their punishment was not severe.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pairs of slave girls knelt side by side facing across the long area of the arena.&nbsp; The new slave girls knew they could escape punishment if they reached the far side.&nbsp; The experienced slave girls knew they not only had to stop them from getting across the room, but they also had to beat the time of the others.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the first bell, the newer slave girl, the pursued, came to her feet.&nbsp; A hobble rope between her ankles insured she did not run to fast.&nbsp; (None of the pursued had much experience getting around in the stiletto heels, but the Amazons wanted to insure not one crossed the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second bell, three seconds later, signaled the purser to start.&nbsp; Being used to the high heels, she came to her feet much quicker and could move much faster (well faster than the pursued &#8211; an Amazon once compared this to a race between two turtles).&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the pursuer caught up, she would knock the pursued to the ground.&nbsp; The pursued already had her arms bound behind her back so she could offer no resistance as the second slave girl flipped her on her back.&nbsp; Seated on the slave girl&#8217;s belly to stymie resistance, she crossed the ankles before tying them together.&nbsp; Changing positions, she swung one leg over the captive&#8217;s thighs to drive her knees against her chest.&nbsp; She needed only one hand to tuck the end of the rope under the rope about the slave girl&#8217;s chest.&nbsp; Using her weight o hold the slave girl in position, she then tied the ends of the rope together behind the knees so the unfortunate captive could not move from that position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The final steps were to flip the slave girl on her front so her ass was in the air.&nbsp; The final step was to ram the dildo home and rise, both hands in the air.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As with the first contest, the slave girls waited to the side with those dildos providing unwanted stimulation where they were unused to it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pursuers were cuffed, then forced to stand at the far end of the room bent over.&nbsp; If her time was the fastest, nothing happened to her.&nbsp; If she was not the fastest, or if someone came along faster than see later, a dildo would be inserted in her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was inevitable that once or twice every time they ran this race, the pursued would become tangled in the hobble rope.&nbsp; Unable to get their balance because of the high heels, they would tumble over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This could not be considered a fair race.&nbsp; The clumsy slave girl would have to run the race again.&nbsp; First though, she had to be probably disciplined for her faux pas.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She would have to stand in the usual submissive position, legs spread as far as the tether rope would allow, bent over with ass sticking out.&nbsp; The pursuer would have the splendid pleasure of inserting a dildo, rotating it about one full circuit, then pulling it out.&nbsp; Once was not enough.&nbsp; They would do it three times.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With her ass burning, the unfortunate slave girl stood no chance of having the fastest time.&nbsp; She would be one of the first to be caught.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the end of the evening they had one more contest to perform.&nbsp; The various winners were exempted (though they were occupied using their tongues and lips to please their mistresses.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The game was a version of that old favorite �Grab Your Ankles.�&nbsp; Of course the slave girl could not grab their ankles as their hands were cuffed behind their backs, but with that sole exception, the position was the same as in the other game.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The unfortunate losers of the two previous were aligned in a row facing the chairs where the Amazons had been seated.&nbsp; A form of the past tense is used here because many wanted to participate in this final game.&nbsp; At a touch on the fanny or thigh by the paddle was the signal for the slave girl to bend forward, head bent back so she stared straight ahead, body parallel to the floor, and knees bent so her bottom stuck out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An Amazon chose a victim, signaled her to assume the position, and swung her favorite paddle with as much force as she could muster.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Except for that the winner was the last slave girl standing, there were no rules.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Some slave girls were ignored.&nbsp; Others were the chosen targets of an Amazon for one blow after another.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only way she could get the punishment to stop was by falling to her knees.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty and Fiona, because of their large titties and delightfully round asses, were favorite targets of the Amazons.&nbsp; A slave girl standing beside Marty was not even hit once while two Amazons took turns paddling her ass.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eventually Marty fell to her knees.&nbsp; The two Amazons moved on to other prey.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The number of slave girls standing dwindled until only one remained.&nbsp; She was rewarded for her stamina by being allowed to use her tongue to please her mistresses.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The losers?&nbsp; They were hauled to their feet for another round.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Occasionally a slave girl refused to stand.&nbsp; One blow had been sufficient to drive her to her knees and now that a new round had begun, she did not want to stand, much less bend over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Amazons encountered this problem often and knew how to handle it.&nbsp; Two would drag the helpless captive to another room where there was a spanking bar.&nbsp; They would bend her across it.&nbsp; One end of a tethering chain would be locked to her collar.&nbsp; While an Amazon straddled her head, another would loop the other end under the arch of the high heels.&nbsp; Once secured, the captive could not straighten up.&nbsp; The position put a terrible strain on her back and thighs, but the mental anguish was worse.&nbsp; She knew they would not free her until she had been properly chastised.&nbsp; After they beat her into submission, they would have her play another round with a couple of unwilling slave girls.&nbsp; If she did not win, she would find herself back across the spanking bar for another session.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile, back in the room &#8211; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The number of slave girls still standing dwindled one round at a time.&nbsp; Fiona was the first of the twins to win.&nbsp; She was happy to eat as many Amazons as wanted her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty won her round without being spanked once.&nbsp; Her fellow contestants were all blondes and the Amazons took special delight in spanking them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marty buried her face in an Amazon&#8217;s crotch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yep.&nbsp; She had adapted well to her new life.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 114

Cindi read through the note her sister Chase had left.&nbsp; She frowned as she read it.&nbsp; It made little sense to her.&nbsp; She held it up to the light to study the writing.&nbsp; Chase had signed it, but it looked like Janice&#8217;s handwriting.
�But why would Janice sign Chase&#8217;s name to the letter?�
The scary part is that of the two remaining sisters, Cindi and Samantha, Cindi was the smart one.
The note instructed her to go outside the city&#8217;s walls, to an inn, and�
Cindi smiled.
�This could be interesting�� 
Cindi called her sister to give her the gist of the note without letting her know what Chase had (ostensibly) written.&nbsp; In minutes, the two youngest sisters were heading for the city&#8217;s gates.
About the same time, Myrtle attached a leash to Chase&#8217;s collar without giving her any idea what was in store for her.&nbsp; The beautiful slave girl followed the woman down the hall to the stairs, taking two or three short, quick steps to one of her mistress&#8217;s.&nbsp; Her rapid steps in those heels made a staccato sound that seemed to echo off the walls.&nbsp; The captive beauty knew they frequently put belled straps on the ankles of slave girls so they could go nowhere without drawing attention to themselves.&nbsp; She saw no need for that as the clattering of her high heels on the wood floor told anyone within twenty meters that a slave girl was on the move.
Eventually she ended up tethered to the wall outside the slave girls&#8217; entrance.&nbsp; Without a word to her, Myrtle wandered off.
The beautiful slave girl no longer felt terror when she was bound and abandoned.&nbsp; She had grown used to it. 
After half an hour, a clerk came for her, leading her around the building to the front.&nbsp; The beautiful slave girl walked without hesitation.&nbsp; There were other slave girls about.&nbsp; Some were tethered, waiting to please a master or mistress pleasure.&nbsp; 
About twenty meters from the building, she saw two slave girls bound spreadeagle between poles.&nbsp; She was certain they were being punished for some infraction.&nbsp; Their legs were spread far apart to the poles so their feet were half a meter above the ground.&nbsp; She saw them writhing about.&nbsp; She concluded they must be terrified as each wore a black leather slave hood so she would have no idea what was about to happen to them.
She saw one other slave girl bound over a spanking bar.&nbsp; They chained her ankles and wrists to stakes in the ground so she could not change her position.&nbsp; Her bare ass was the highest part of her body, a beacon drawing everyone to spank those supple bottomcheeks.&nbsp; She wore no panties and her legs were spread far apart, so her pussy was available.&nbsp; The slave girl could not tell if a person behind her intended to spank her, or fuck her until that person made physical contact.
Chase knew what would happen to her if she displayed any reluctance.&nbsp; Being led on a leash as thought she was an animal was not that bad after all.
At the end of the building, they turned left.&nbsp; Up the steps they went.&nbsp; There, three or four meters from the front door, the blonde found herself tethered to a wall once again.
There she waited for another ten or fifteen minutes.&nbsp; She looked around her, but there was little to see.&nbsp; To her left she could see the road leading up to the town.&nbsp; To her right, the road led away from it.&nbsp; Behind her, across the road, there were several storage buildings.&nbsp; In front of her, well, in front of her there was the outer wall of the inn.
She kept her eyes on the road to the town.&nbsp; That was where help would come (if there was any).&nbsp; Between the gates of the town and where she stood, there were the compounds of several slavers.&nbsp; She knew they draft
Movement to her left caught her attention.&nbsp; She saw the horses first, then the slave girls leading them.&nbsp; The mistress with a long switch followed the horses.&nbsp; Chase turned her head to the left to watch, then turned back the other way to look over her right shoulder.&nbsp; Okay, two slave girls leading horses might not seem very interesting, but there was nothing else going on.
The slave girls tied the reins to the hitching post with a simple hitch.&nbsp; A mistress had used the same hitch to secure them earlier that morning.&nbsp; When they were done, this mistress would use that hitch to secure them again.&nbsp; The mistress then secured their arms behind their backs using manacles.&nbsp; She tethered one slave girl behind the other.&nbsp; She left them standing there as she turned toward the steps leading up to the front door of the inn.
Chase wondered what was going on.
Her heart beat faster as she trembled.&nbsp; The mistress climbed the six steps to the veranda of the inn, coming directly toward her.&nbsp; She looked straight ahead at the wall before her, hoping the woman would ignore her.&nbsp; She did not though.&nbsp; She unfastened the end of the leash from the wall, and used it to lead the beautiful slave girl down to one horse.&nbsp; On the saddle near the back there was a steel ring.&nbsp; To it, she tethered Chase.
The captive beauty watched the mistress lead the two slave girls away, leaving her there alone. For a moment the beautiful brunette panicked.&nbsp; She did not like being left alone.&nbsp; Already she was thinking like a slave girl.&nbsp; She wanted a mistress to hold her leash.
�Here I am with the rest of the animals,� she thought as she looked from one horse to another.&nbsp; She knew slave girls were little better than animals.&nbsp; Officially, slave girls were not animals, but pieces of property to be bought and sold at their master&#8217;s and mistress&#8217;s pleasure.
Again she waited.&nbsp; This time though, the monotony of her situation was broken by an unusual occurrence.&nbsp; 
�Come on.&nbsp; Stay with me.&nbsp; We don&#8217;t want to get separated.�
She recognized that voice!&nbsp; It was Cindi!&nbsp; She could not see because the other horse was in the way.&nbsp; She tried to step back to look around it, but the tether line was too short.&nbsp; She moved to her right to waist.&nbsp; In seconds the two appeared in sight.
�Come on!�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
The two were on the other side of the hitching post.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
They turned away from her toward the steps leading up to the front door of the inn.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
The two paused at the door to whisper.&nbsp; This delay of half dozen seconds gave the captive brunette hope that they had heard her.&nbsp; They had not though.&nbsp; After the conversation ended, they pushed open the door to enter the inn.&nbsp; The rubber ball filling Chase&#8217;s mouth did too good a job.&nbsp; They had gagged her to insure her silence.&nbsp; The gag fulfilled its purpose.
Chase wondered why they were there, and how it could work to her benefit.&nbsp; Why had they come on their own?&nbsp; Why had they not sent someone to free her?
Oh, yeah.&nbsp; They didn&#8217;t know she was a captive.&nbsp; They didn&#8217;t know she had been enslaved.&nbsp; And they did not know she stood tethered to a horse outside the inn.&nbsp; 
She hoped the two would come out soon.&nbsp; She was sure she could get their attention.&nbsp; (She was wrong of course.&nbsp; They would have paid no attention to a slave girl bound and gagged.&nbsp; After all, they were looking for a princess, not a slave girl.)
Once again she attacked the steel manacles holding her arms behind her back.&nbsp; They had been designed and manufactured to hold a slave girl captive so she could not escape.&nbsp; Nothing she did would gain her any freedom at all.&nbsp; Chase had a long way to go in her training before anyone would consider her to be a good little slave girl.
Myrtle and Gertrude emerged.&nbsp; Without a word, the two mounted their horses.&nbsp; Chase discovered she was tethered to Myrtle&#8217;s saddle.
When they started down the road away from town, the luscious brunette had no choice but to follow.&nbsp; The pace was slow, slower than that walker the night before.&nbsp; She would have no trouble keeping up.
The slow pace allowed her to look over her shoulder a couple times as long as the inn was in sight.&nbsp; She hoped to catch some glimpse of Cindi and Samantha, but the two did not appear at the door of the inn before she lost sight of it when they moved around a curve in the road.
A couple hundred yards beyond the curve the road started downhill.&nbsp; The horses picked up speed, forcing her to walk faster.&nbsp; Her steps were still short, only a few centimeters, so she had to move faster.
As it was, she did not hear the horses behind them.
�Company.�
She saw Myrtle twist around in the saddle to look behind them.&nbsp; She tried to do the same, but the Amazon increased the pace of her mount.&nbsp; Chase had to trot to keep up from being pulled over.&nbsp; 
At the bottom of the hill the mistresses guided their horses to the side of the road where there was thirty yards of grass between the road and the woods.&nbsp; The women rode in single file at a slower pace.&nbsp; By then the captive brunette heard the sounds of the horses.
She looked to her left as the first passed.&nbsp; The bright blue uniforms and tall, bearskin hats told her they were a squadron of the Household Guards.&nbsp; Their main role was to enforce the city&#8217;s slavery laws.
She thought about grunting to get their attention.&nbsp; The sounds of their horses&#8217; hooves clop clopping on the road would drown about any muffled sounds she might make.
Well, she could twist around and try to get their attention, but they would only see a slave girl.
She had to do something to get their attention.&nbsp; She was till trying to think of something to do when the last of the column rode past.&nbsp; She watched them disappear down the road ahead of them.&nbsp; In less than a minute, the girth of Myrtle&#8217;s horse obstructed her view.&nbsp; The sounds disappeared a minute or two later.
They moved back onto the road, but after riding only a short distance, they crossed the road, coming to a halt.&nbsp; The Amazons dismounted and tethered their horses.&nbsp; Myrtle took the end of her leash, using it to lead her toward the encampment there.
�What shall we do?� asked Samantha, the plaintive whine irritated her sister.&nbsp; Cindi sometimes fantasized about her beautiful sibling wearing a ballgag.
�I have a plan,� Cindi said with a smile.
They did not re-emerge from the inn because Cindi had another plan.&nbsp; But we are getting ahead of ourselves.
In the morning, Cindi had slipped from the palace without her friend knowing about it.&nbsp; She had no definite plans where to go, but it did not matter.&nbsp; What she wanted could be found at any store.
When the two left the palace, the blonde carried a shoulder purse instead of her usual clutch purse with the sequins.
At the door to the inn, Samantha put her hand on her sister&#8217;s arm. 
�Do you really think this is a good idea?� she whispered.
�Of course it is,� the blonde replied.&nbsp; 
The two entered the inn without noticing Chase tethered between the two horses behind them.
They asked questions, but learned nothing.&nbsp; No one knew anything.&nbsp; When the two walked away, people looked at them.
Their prescience had not gone unnoticed.
�Something must have happened to her,� Samantha whispered, putting a whine in that also.&nbsp; �What are we going to do?�
Cindi shivered at the thought.&nbsp; �She must have been captured by slavers!� That was what Chase&#8217; note had told her to do.
�Oh, no!�
Cindi had to catch her sister who had decided at that moment to swoon.&nbsp; (No, she did not fainted, she swooned.)
Several clerks appeared immediately.&nbsp; Cindi had all the brains of the two.
�I have her, but could I get a room until she recovers?�
Cindi discovered she could not carry her friend upstairs alone.&nbsp; An assistant manager and another man did that for her, depositing the brunette on the bed.&nbsp; A slave girl followed the little party upstairs, carrying the purses of the two.
Cindi&#8217;s plan was about to begin.&nbsp; When developing it, she had considered it to be �Plan B.�&nbsp; It was not a very good plan, but it was the only one she could think of.&nbsp; Something had happened to Chase.&nbsp; 
The only alternative was that someone had turned her into a slave girl. 
The thought of her beautiful sister lying there helpless, bound and gagged, chained to the foot of some bed, frightened her.&nbsp; Okay, it excited her a little too.&nbsp; If she found Chase, she would have a little fun with her before she freed her.&nbsp; (She had not thought yet just how she was going to get the collar off.)
Once she had shooed everyone from the room, she closed and locked the door.&nbsp; She had planned ahead.&nbsp; What she needed was in her purse.&nbsp; She pulled the two items out before making her way to the bed.
�Let me loosen your clothing,� she said, just in case Samantha could hear her.
She did not though.&nbsp; She placed a ballgag on the bed where the brunette could not see it, then unbuckled a pink, leather strap.&nbsp; It was not a slave collar, but it&nbsp; looked as though it was one.&nbsp; It would fool anyone as long as her long hair covered the buckle.
She pulled the dress away from the brunette&#8217;s neck.&nbsp; Quickly she slid the strap around her sister&#8217;s neck.&nbsp; From the little movement beneath her, she could tell Samantha was rapidly regaining consciousness.&nbsp; She pushed the working end into the buckle and squeezed it.&nbsp; A click told her it had locked.&nbsp; She dropped the key on the bed as her hand continued over to grab the ballgag.
�Wha��&nbsp; was all her sister could utter before she had the ballgag between her teeth.&nbsp; When Samantha tired to sit up, all she did was make it easier for Cindi to get the ends together.&nbsp; Most ballgags simply buckled behind the wearer&#8217;s head.&nbsp; This one had a simple lock and key.&nbsp; As the young brunette rolled off the bed, she pulled the key out.
Grabbing the keys, she ran to the door.&nbsp; Samantha had taken only a couple steps toward the door when the blonde swung it open and jumped out.&nbsp; The brunette did not dare step out of the room lest someone see her.
Cindi knew this.&nbsp; (The devious wench had this all planned.) She ran down the hall to the next doorway where she hid the keys on the doorframe before returning to their room.
She found her sister trying to remove the gag.&nbsp; The locked strap kept her from doing that.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!� the brunette grunted as she gestured toward it.
�This is plan &#8216;B.&#8217;�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
The woman came at her, fingers extended as though she was going to scratch her.
�The keys are hidden.&nbsp; You need me to get them.&nbsp; If you go out like that, everyone will think you are a slave girl trying to escape.&nbsp; Take one more step and I&#8217;ll run down stairs to get help.&nbsp; No, I&#8217;ll scream.&nbsp; They will insist I punish you.�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt??�
The brunette dropped her hands to her sides in defeat.
�Because of this,� she said, touching the strap around the brunette&#8217;s neck,&nbsp; �We can go out among the people where we couldn&#8217;t go before.�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Samantha had not noticed it before.&nbsp; She stared at Samantha again.
�Sit down and I will explain it.�
The brunette plopped down on the bed, her arms folded across her chest.&nbsp; She glared at her friend through half-closed eyes.
�Chase is not in the inn, that is pretty obvious.&nbsp; We know she came here.&nbsp; The only way we can search for her is to ask questions.&nbsp; If two pretty girls go wandering around an inn outside the gates, both with end up as slaves.
�This way I pretend I&#8217;m a mistress.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s admit it, Samantha. You look more like a slave girl than I do so you are the logical choice.&nbsp; I dress you up as a slave girl and take you around.&nbsp; Everyone thinks I&#8217;m a mistress so they won&#8217;t think twice about letting me go where Chase might be.&nbsp; See!&nbsp; It&#8217;s a good plan.�
The brunette responded by bouncing to her feet.&nbsp; Her hands were fists on her hips as she uttered the immortal words of all slave girls:&nbsp; �Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
�Good.&nbsp; I&#8217;m glad you agree.&nbsp; Let me get you something to wear.&nbsp; In the meantime, why don&#8217;t you get undressed?�
With that she hurried to the door.&nbsp; Samantha started after her, but Cindi quickly closed the door behind her.&nbsp; The brunette reached for the doorknob, but heard the click of a key being turned in a lock.
Samantha was not going to get naked in the room of this inn.&nbsp; She still wore her clothes when her sister returned.
�I know pea green is you favorite outfit.&nbsp; The cut of this one almost matches that of the one you wore last week at the ball.�
Oh!&nbsp; The secret plan is revealed.&nbsp; Nubile, free women go around masquerading as slave girls in private!&nbsp; But that&#8217;s another story.
Cindi spent the next half hour convincing her sister to take off her clothes.&nbsp; In the end she won out, partly because the brunette realized she no longer had a choice in the matter.&nbsp; If she ventured outside the room with the pseudo-collar on and a ballgag filling her mouth, everyone would think she was a runaway slave girl.&nbsp; She had to pretend to be the blonde&#8217;s slave to get out of this.
Since Cindi&#8217;s intent was pragmatic and not evil, she handed the clothing to Samantha to put on.&nbsp; Slave girls were not allowed to dress themselves.&nbsp; Whatever was their master&#8217;s or mistress&#8217;s choice for them to wear, they had to accept.&nbsp; Since Samantha was not a slave girl and Cindi did not intend her to be one, she could dress herself.
The attire of a slave girl was&nbsp; conforming and revealing.&nbsp; The silk had no excess draping to conceal a luscious figure.&nbsp; Every piece clung snugly to the body.&nbsp; Though a body part might be covered, the owner still wanted to show it off.
As a result, Samantha needed help.&nbsp; She ended up letting her sister finish dressing her, standing there helplessly as though she was a real slave girl.
The dress Cindi picked was one-piece mini.&nbsp; The silk cupped each tittie so anyone could tell just how voluptuous the curves were.&nbsp; A string ran behind her neck to hold the bodice in place, allowing the dress to be backless. The hem was short and flared.&nbsp; The panties were back satin.
Once Samantha had the outfit on, she looked as adorable as any other slave girl would.
Sitting on the bed, she slipped her feet into the pea green, patent leather sandals.&nbsp; One strap across the top of her foot and another around the ankle secured them to her feet.
The shoes had the standard fifteen-centimeter stiletto heel.&nbsp; Because she had pretended to be a slave girl back in town, she could walk in them without falling on her face.&nbsp; After looking at herself in the full-length mirror to insure that she had used that little bit of silk to cover her body as well as she could, she walked around the room to get used to the high heels.
�We mustn&#8217;t forget this.�
The blonde held up the pair of manacles.&nbsp; 
Samantha glared in displeasure but there was nothing else she could do.
In seconds, Samantha had her wrists locked behind her back.&nbsp; Once she had the leash attached to the collar, they were ready to go.
Despite what the brunette captive thought, Cindi&#8217;s intent was not to embarrass her in public.&nbsp; (What they did in private was a different matter.&nbsp; She had a few plans of things she was going to do to her sister, and what her sister was going to have to do, to get her to remove that pseudo-slave collar.)&nbsp; The blonde led her to the back of the inn, thinking they were less likely to run into anyone going that way.
This was a crowed in.&nbsp; As luck would have it, Chase had come to an inn frequented by itinerant slavers and slave traders.&nbsp; At all times of the day and night it was busy.
Cindi could have picked a route where they would run into more people, but there were enough men and women along this route to embarrass the brunette in her exposed and helpless condition.&nbsp; Her exposed flesh turned red in embarrassment every time they passed someone.
Samantha thought everyone had to be staring at her.&nbsp; In reality, most people did not even notice her.&nbsp; She was nothing more than another beautiful slave girl.
Cindi started toward the back door, but a mistress intercepted her.
�The slave girl&#8217;s exit is through that door,� she said, pointing.
Cindi muttered her thanks and hurried in that direction.&nbsp; She had almost committed a major social discretion.&nbsp; Had she take the captive brunette out the door used by free people, she could not have drawn more attention to them than if she had stood atop a table and screamed at the top of her lungs.
At this time of the day, there was an attendant who gave her a receipt for Samantha.&nbsp; The brunette turned toward her with terror in her eyes.&nbsp; She did not want to be abandoned, but they had no other choice.
Cindi hurried upstairs and out the back door.&nbsp; At the lower level she found another attendant.&nbsp; Giving him the receipt, she still had to wait for ten minutes before her sister appeared in sight.
Immediately behind the inn was the slave girl stables were Chase had spent the night.&nbsp; Three or four slavers had camps behind the inn.&nbsp; The two explored the stables before moving back to where the slavers had their compounds.
The two wandered aimlessly among the pens, cages and tents behind the inn.&nbsp; At least Samantha did not have to worry about anyone noticing her.&nbsp; There were dozens of naked slave girls about, bound in various positions either as punishment or as an inducement for someone to buy them.&nbsp; No one noticed her.
Or so it seemed.
�Can I help you?�
Both jumped when they heard the voice.&nbsp; The woman wore black leather that had a crotch strap.&nbsp; Neither had any doubt what she used slave girls for.
She held a switch that she rubbed on the leather at her right hip.&nbsp; She spoke to Cindi, but her eyes were on Samantha.
�Can I help you?� she repeated.&nbsp; She imaged what the beautiful brunette would look like without the skimpy little outfit on.&nbsp; She turned her gaze back to Cindi, giving her a too polite smile.
She knew something.
�I&#8217;m�I&#8217;m looking for a slave girl.�
� Aren&#8217;t we all?&nbsp; There are hundreds around here.&nbsp; Can you be more specific?�
Cindi did some quick thinking.
�A blonde.&nbsp; One without a lot of experience.&nbsp; She might be with someone named &#8216;Margaret.&#8217;�
�Most the cattle we have around here are imported.&nbsp; Margaret is over there.�&nbsp; She gestured across the field were there were several canvas pavilions set up.&nbsp; 
The blonde could not know that this woman worked for Margaret breaking and training slave girls.&nbsp; She or someone else had been watching these two since they left home. 
�Thanks.�
Cindi turned to head in the direction the woman pointed.
�If you are interested in selling this one, I&#8217;ll give you a good price for her.�
Mmmmmm.&nbsp; Why would she be interested in buying a slave girl?
�No, uh, no.&nbsp; I just added her to my stable.&nbsp; She&#8217;s new and, uh, I&#8217;m looking for another to go with her.�
�Well, if you&#8217;re looking for new, try Margaret.&nbsp; If you change you mind, my name is Sylvia.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll give you a good price for her.�
Both were quivering with fear when they reached Margaret&#8217;s compound.&nbsp; Samantha had thought this was a bad idea from the beginning.&nbsp; Now Cindi was coming to the same conclusion.
Unfortunately, it was a little too late.
Half a dozen slave girls, naked except for the high heels, lay on the ground doing crunches.&nbsp; Who wanted a flabby slave girl?&nbsp; A man carrying a long switch slowly paced around them to insure none slacked off.&nbsp; Large titties wobbled as their upper bodies moved up and down effortlessly.&nbsp; They all were in excellent shape and their owner intended they remain that way.
�I&#8217;m�I&#8217;m looking for someone named &#8216;Margaret.&#8217;�
�That tent there,� he said, gesturing with the switch.
The two young women walked in the direction.&nbsp; The flaps of the large tent were open.&nbsp; Inside a pair of slave girls were bound spreadeagle between poles while a man with a massive beer belly studied them.
�I&#8217;m looking for Margaret,� Cindi said again, directly her question to the fat man.&nbsp; He looked over at her and then gestured toward a man with his back toward them.
�Margaret.�
�Huh?� she said as he turned.
Her eyes went from one sister to the other and back again.&nbsp; They narrowed into little slits.&nbsp; She recognized them instantly as she had made one foray into town with Janice just to see what prey was being offered her.
Cindi had a feeling that she was going to have trouble convincing him of the truth of her story.
�I&#8217;m looking for someone, for a slave girl.&nbsp; Sylvia suggested I talk to you.�
She stared at her and then back at Samantha.&nbsp; The bound and gagged sister noticed the slight trace of a smile on her lips.
�Why don&#8217;t we go back to my office where we can talk.�
She held a flap open so the two women could exit that tent through an opening in back.&nbsp; She now was behind them so they did not see him motion a couple men forward.
�You can leave you little princess here,� he said, motioning toward a hitching post just inside the flap.&nbsp; Cindi saw the plaintive look on Samantha&#8217;s face when she attached the end of the leash to a ring on the post.
�In here,� he said, holding the flap open. She followed her in, followed within seconds by the two men.
Samantha stood there alone for half an hour, staring intently at the tent as she wondered what was going on inside.&nbsp; One man left the tent after half an hour but two others entered a few minutes later.&nbsp; No one told her anything.&nbsp; She was just another beautiful slave girl.
She had no idea what happened after that as a hand appeared in sight from her left.&nbsp; Movement drew her attention to the left.&nbsp; The hand unlocked the end of the leash.
�Come along.�
She did not want to follow, but there was nothing she could do.&nbsp; Every time she tried to stop, she almost fell forward because of the forward pull on the leash.
Their destination was a different tent.&nbsp; As they entered, a bare-chested man stepped forward.&nbsp; With his left hand he grabbed the leash immediately under the brunette&#8217;s chin.&nbsp; He pulled down forcing the brunette to bend over.&nbsp; He grabbed a fistful of hair at the back of her neck with his left.
�It&#8217;s not even a real collar.�
�We can remedy that.�
By now the beautiful brunette knew the masquerade was over.&nbsp; She tried to resist but what could she do?
Two men dragged her forward toward a wood device about a meter high.&nbsp; A third man had moved around to the other side of it.&nbsp; This man grabbed her head with both hands to pull it forward.
The device was a block of wood with a twenty-centimeter wide slot in it.&nbsp; The man pulled the brunette&#8217;s head down into the slot so her chin rested on the far side of the block.&nbsp; The man on her left, the one who had dragged her over, kept his right hand on her upper back while his left slid a thin slab of wood into brackets about the slot.&nbsp; This wood pushed her head down, so her chin kept her from pulling back.&nbsp; The man before her fastened a leather strap across the top of her head so she could not pull her head forward.
This left her neck exposed a few centimeters from the device.&nbsp; The man, who decided Samantha did not have on a real collar, cut the strap with a pair of heavy shears.&nbsp; As soon as he put them down, he had a real collar on here.&nbsp; 
Samantha was a real slave girl.
�Let&#8217;s see what kind of goods she has to offer.�
They released her so she could stand upright.&nbsp; They did that so they could inspect her body when they had ripped the clothing from her body.
�He should get a good price for her.�
With a nod of his head, he told them to take her to her first training site.
Sure the brunette tried to resist, but there were three of them, and she had her hands bound behind her back.&nbsp; She tried to kick them, but that only earned her some punishment.&nbsp; Two men held her bent over while another welded the switch.
Crack!&nbsp; Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
She made no further efforts to resist as they forced her to walk toward her doom.
Ahead of her went eight bondage devices that looked like tables.&nbsp; On the right, the first three held naked slave girls.&nbsp; They lay strapped on the device with their legs spread.&nbsp; 
The men lifted Samantha into the air so her knees were on small platforms at the near side of the device.&nbsp; One small platform stuck out on the right and another on the left so the slave girl could kneel on them.
A leather strap across the upper calf near the knee held her legs in place.&nbsp; They bent her forward on the flat surface.&nbsp; A leather strap across her lower back near the hips held her bottom in position.&nbsp; Another strap was passed across her upper back, pinning her body to the device.
They freed her hands, but immediately fastened them to leather cuffs on another pair of small platforms.&nbsp; Instead of being on the end of the device as the other two were, these were on the sides.&nbsp; This left her forearms under her shoulders.
While a man ran a short chain from beneath the device to her collar, another fastened a strap across each upper thigh.
This left&nbsp; the beautiful brunette in a position similar to being on all fours.&nbsp; The flat surface ran from her crotch to her head.&nbsp; The strap about her lower back and the two across her thighs held her pussy in position.
The man in charge of her training, lifted her head by grabbing her hair.&nbsp; She had to look up at him.
�We are going to teach you your real function in life.&nbsp; You have no other reason to exist than to be fucked.
�Do you want to be fucked?�
�Uh, uh.�&nbsp; She shook her head as much as she could without increased her pain too much.
�Crack!�
�Do you want to be fucked?�
Cindi did not reply this time but she did not have to.
�Crack!�
�Do you want to be fucked?�
Again there was no response.
�Crack!:
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
This time Cindi nodded as much as she could.&nbsp; Every movement of her head caused pain in the roots of her hair, but it did no compare to the welts of the switch across her fanny. She sobbed continuously through the ballgag.
He unbuckled the strap holding the ballgag in her mouth.&nbsp; Before pulling the rubber ball out, he twisted her head about so she had to look at him again.
�When I pull the gag out, you will beg to be fucked.&nbsp; If you do anything else, the gag goes back in and you get ten strips on you ass.&nbsp; Understand?�
She nodded.&nbsp; She had no other choices.
�Please fuck me.�
�Who?�
�Please, Master, please fuck me!�
The rubber ball went back into her mouth.&nbsp; He buckled the ends of the strap behind her head loosely.
Samantha never imagined she could come while bound naked and being used like a common slave girl.&nbsp; After three orgasms, the man stepped back.
The trainer removed the gag.
�We have another volunteer waiting.�
�Please fuck me, Master.�
The rubber ball went back into her mouth as the man stepped forward.&nbsp; This time she came when he pushed his cock in.&nbsp; When he was done, it was time for the third man.
�Please fuck me master!�
Samantha harbored hopes that her sister would come rescue her, but we all know Cindi was going to have her own problems.
 �Why don&#8217;t you tell me the truth?� he asked as soon as they were inside.
�I am&#8212;�
One man grabbed the beautiful brunette by her upper arms.&nbsp; When she opened her mouth to scream the other popped the rubber ball into it.&nbsp; He continued to hold the strap to insure she did not push it out with her tongue while his companion pushed her face down on the floor.&nbsp; Quickly he threaded the working end through the buckle and pulled it tight.
Okay, no one was going to come to her aid.&nbsp; Those nearby were the slaver&#8217;s employees.&nbsp; And if some stranger heard the cries?&nbsp; He would have rushed to watch the entertainment.&nbsp; With the gag in, her plaintive screams would not grate on the ears.
Margaret then grabbed the young blonde&#8217;s right arm.&nbsp; As soon as he had a good grip on it, he turned her left.&nbsp; This allowed the man to let go.&nbsp; He retrieved a rope from across the room.&nbsp; Once he returned, he looped it about the blonde&#8217;s crossed wrists.&nbsp; A square knot insured she was helpless.
They pulled her to her knees.
�Tell me the truth.�
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�&nbsp; She accompanied the grunt with a violent shaking of her head.
�I was kind of hoping you would say that.�
A nod told the men to proceed.&nbsp; They pushed her facedown on the ground.&nbsp; While the man who had gagged her pinned her there with a knee to her back at the waist, the second man fastened a spreader bar between her ankles.
By the time he had had her feet bound a meter apart, Margaret had lowered a chain from an apparatus overhead.&nbsp; (This was not his office, but rather a tent used to discipline recalcitrant slave girls.)
They pulled the blonde captive forward so the spreader bar was beneath the end of the chain.&nbsp; When the end was low enough, they attached the last link to a ring on the bar with a small padlock.
As they stepped back, Margaret turned a wheel that shortened the chain.&nbsp; Half a dozen pulleys working in tandem reduced the load to a few kilograms.&nbsp; He continued to turn the wheel until her bottom was at chest level.
The blonde still wore the clothing of a free woman, but not for long.&nbsp; Drawing his disrobing knife, the slaver made a few, strategic cuts.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!&nbsp; Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
In seconds they had her naked.
As she put the knife away, she circled her suspended captive.&nbsp; Since only one chain held her up, Cindi rotated slowly in the opposite direction as the chain tried to relieve the tension in it. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Margaret stopped beside her so he could see her face.&nbsp; Her left arm circled her body, the hand coming down between her legs.&nbsp; Her fingers played with her cunt.
�You should have answered by question before.&nbsp; Now I have no reason to believe anything you say.&nbsp; I have to persuade you to tell me the truth.�
Of course Cindi would have told him the truth had that ballgag now been in her mouth.&nbsp; What the slaver told her was a flimsy excuse to switch her bottom.
She let her captive see the willowy switch.&nbsp; It was a meter and a half long and drooped from its own weight.&nbsp; She let the end rub against Cindi&#8217;s bare titties.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Holding Cindi&#8217;s right knee with her left hand to keep the captive from rotating any more, she used the right hand to weld the switch.
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Being an expert at the fine art of turning a free woman into a slave girl, Margaret knew when she had destroyed a woman&#8217;s will to resist.
Not yet.
She moved around to her prior position so the captive could see her.&nbsp; She rubbed the end of the switch across the nipples again.
�You know there are some women who get aroused when they get punished.&nbsp; Slap her on the fanny with a paddle, and the nipples become hard and pointed.&nbsp; I bet you could do that if you tried.�
As the switch caressed her nipples, fingers played with her pussy.&nbsp; Margaret continued this sensual torment until she had Cindi aroused.
She moved back to the punishment position.
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
Crack!
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!�
The naked brunette no longer cried through the gag with every blow.&nbsp; Instead, she sobbed continuously.
�Are you ready now to tell me the truth?�
Of course she was.&nbsp; He turned the wheel, drawing her in the air until he had his captive&#8217;s head so far in the air that he did not have to bend to remove the gag.&nbsp; She told him everything.&nbsp; About the note from Chase?&nbsp; About the expedition she and Samantha had undertaken.&nbsp; About the plan she had put into operation at the brunette&#8217;s expense.
Margaret re-inserted the ballgag before she got a drink.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 115

Margaret had her own plans.&nbsp; You did not think she was going to agree with Janice&#8217;s plan without some major double-cross?&nbsp; As things happen, she told no one what her plans were.&nbsp; She was not there when Janice came to collect her sisters so no one took action to stop her from doing that.
In the back of the compound, there was a small cart used to transport slave girls.&nbsp; They brought it forward for Janice&#8217;s use, and hooked a couple horses to it.&nbsp; Large wagons could handle up to twenty slave girls, but since the brunette had only three to transport, she could use a much smaller one.&nbsp; This one could hold six.&nbsp; To enable someone to climb up in back, they placed a large block on the ground.
They led Samantha out first.&nbsp; She stopped five meters from the back of the cart, refusing to move forward.&nbsp; The guard leading her pulled a switch out but did not have to use it.&nbsp; The sight of him pulling it loose got the captive to step up on the block.
�Kneel on the cart facing to the left.&nbsp; Second position in.�
As soon as the naked captive faced in the desired position, the guard put a hand against the back of the brunette&#8217;s head to force it forward.&nbsp; The cart had three holding positions for slave girls on each side.&nbsp; A groove cut into a board along the side identified each position.&nbsp; It was into this groove that he forced the brunette&#8217;s throat.&nbsp; Samantha tried to resist, but by then it was much too late.&nbsp; Holding the captive&#8217;s head in the groove, he slid a bar behind it.&nbsp; The groove in that bar formed a circle about the captive&#8217;s neck.
The guard adjusted the slave girl&#8217;s position, but he was willing to wait.&nbsp; He had to get Chase.
The second brunette stood tethered to a post about five meters away.&nbsp; She had only a slight idea what had happened to her sister despite their proximity.&nbsp; As a last gesture, he slipped a leather blindfold over the captive&#8217;s eyes.&nbsp; 
When the guard released the end of the leash and pulled on it, she followed.&nbsp; Okay, it was a timid series of steps, but the brunette followed where she was led.&nbsp; At the back of the cart, the guard stopped to pull the blindfold off.
�Up on the cart, facing to the right.�
Chase obeyed because she didn&#8217;t know what else to do.&nbsp; She had seen her friend bound to the left.&nbsp; She could not see the face, but she knew it was one of her sisters.
In seconds she knelt on the bed of the cart, her neck encircled by a ring of wood.
The board holding the captive&#8217;s neck was set to handle all heights of slave girls.&nbsp; The taller the slave girl, the more valuable she was according to many slavers.&nbsp; On the bed of the cart between the captive&#8217;s knees was an expandable bar.&nbsp; As the guard turned the large knob on the side of the wagon, the ends of the board slid out, forcing the captive to move her knees apart.&nbsp; The mistress knew she had that device at the correct width, when the captive&#8217;s chin rested on the board.
The next item of bondage was a small spreader bar.&nbsp; The device was only half a meter wide, but its intent was not to keep the captive&#8217;s legs spread; the other device already took car of that.&nbsp; On each end was a small ring and in the center an eye screw to which was attached a short chain.&nbsp; The guard hooked one ring on the narrow heel of the captive&#8217;s right shoe.&nbsp; To get the second ring over the other heel, she had to push her feet together.&nbsp; 
While his right hand held the spreader bar in place, her left grabbed the chain.&nbsp; To do so, she had to reach between the brunette&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; She left her fingers slide along the chain until she found a hook on the lower board running the length of the cart.&nbsp; With a firm grip on the chain to insure the rings did not come off, she brought her right hand around to hold the chain.&nbsp; When she hooked a link of that chain to the hook, the chain was taut.
The board at her throat kept the slave girl from moving forward.&nbsp; The spreader bar attached to the heels of her sandals kept her from moving backwards.&nbsp; She could do nothing but kneel there.
The guard did the same to Chase, forcing her knees apart.&nbsp; When that captive also was in the proper position, she stepped down from the back of the cart to inspect what she had done.
While the cart had sides, they were only a few centimeters high, their purpose being to keep the slave girl from moving forward.&nbsp; Another board ran the length of the bed at throat height.&nbsp; In other words, they obstructed little.
With the slave girl&#8217;s chin planted on the upper board, anyone could see she wore a collar.&nbsp; With no sides to the cart, anyone could see the slave girl&#8217;s tits and her cunt.&nbsp; More than seeing though, they had access to grope and fondle.
�Mmmmmffffftfttt!!�
Chase protested when the guard played with her cunt, but the woman had a legal right to do so.&nbsp; The brunette was nothing more than a slave girl.
He moved around to the other side to secure Chase as she had Samantha.
Once he had the sister slaves girls aroused, he retrieved Lauren from inside a tent.&nbsp; She joined her sisters in the wagon.
Janice waited out front while this occurred.&nbsp; When they were ready, the guard brought the wagon around in front.
For this occasion, the conniving sister had splurged on a coach, complete with a driver.
The carriage rattled along slowly, the slave cart struggled to keep up.&nbsp; So bored was she by the unfolding of events that she put her head back with her eyes closed.&nbsp; In seconds, she dozed off.
She came awake when the carriage unrepentantly stopped.&nbsp; She thought they had reached the town, but a glance out the window told her they were still in the country.&nbsp; They had not yet arrived at the turnoff toward town.
�What is it?� she yelled crossly.
�We have a problem,� the driver yelled down.&nbsp; She heard the sounds of boots on the road and knew he had dropped to the ground.
�This is ridiculous,� she muttered to herself as she kicked the door open to find out for herself what was going on. A man stood beside the carriage studying a rope.&nbsp; 
�What-�
That was all she was able to say before another man grabbed her from behind.&nbsp; His left arm passed over her left shoulder to grab a tit, any tit.&nbsp; It was only a diversion to distract her from his right hand.&nbsp; 
�Ahhh-�
She opened her mouth to scream as he expected.&nbsp; When she did that, the man before her popped the ballgag in her mouth.&nbsp; To keep it there he had to hold his hand over her mouth.&nbsp; That opened him up to several sharp kicks to the shin.&nbsp; Her fingers sought his flesh to scratch it, but anticipating that action, he wore a long sleeved shirt.
He spun her in a quarter turn to the left so the second could join in the attack.&nbsp; He looped the rope over his neck as he stepped into the fray.
The driver leaned up against the front wheel of the coach, tossing the talen from one hand to another.&nbsp; He had been paid well for his minor role in this.
The ballgag&#8217;s strap was loosely buckled to begin.&nbsp; They had only to pull it up over her had and down in back.&nbsp; A sharp tug on the leash made it so tight that she could not push the ball from her mouth with her tongue.
He then grabbed her right wrist to draw it in his direction.&nbsp; She could not longer try to scratch with it.&nbsp; Meanwhile, he switched his grip to her left wrist.
Janice tried to kick as they dragged her across the road.&nbsp; She managed to land several good kicks, but none hit a vital spot.
Ten meters feet from the road, a rail fence lined the field
When they were just a couple meters from the fence, one man moved in behind her to grab her ankles.&nbsp; He pulled up suddenly, throwing the gagged beauty off balance.&nbsp; They had Janice&#8217;s body roughly parallel to the ground.
The two men tucked an arm under theirs.&nbsp; With one hand free, they looped a rope about each wrist.&nbsp; This done, they tied the other to a ring set in the top rail.
The two then retreated to the brunette&#8217;s feet to tie one end of ropes to her ankles.&nbsp; When he lowered them to the ground, each pulled outwards so he could tie the end of the rope to a ring set in the ground.
This left Janice spread-eagled against the fence.&nbsp; She could wiggle her butt about, but that was all she could do.
Fortunately, she was still dressed.&nbsp; Whoops!&nbsp; Wrong about that!&nbsp; The men used disrobing knives on her clothing.&nbsp; In a few seconds, they had her buck-naked.&nbsp; She was bound and naked.&nbsp; To add to the image of a slave girl, they rudely pulled the pins from her hair so it fell down.
At this point, they retired to the carriage and the wagon.&nbsp; The two vehicles had been in the road, in the bright sunlight.&nbsp; They moved a hundred yards further down the road where there were some trees on the other side of the road.
While everyone waited, the beautiful brunette continued to struggle with her bondage.&nbsp; She pulled and twisted but could not move the ropes binding her wrists.&nbsp; In desperation, she tried to lower her knees but they had bound her legs so far apart that if she tried that, she would not be able to get up.&nbsp; She decided it was best to remain upright.
The ropes binding her wrists to the fence rail were not formidable.&nbsp; They were little more than cords, but again, the way they had her bound kept her from raising her arms from the rail.&nbsp; She could not get at the knots, nor could she push herself back to put strain on the rope or the cords.
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
The reason for the wait became apparent in half an hour when another carriage approached.&nbsp; Janice concentrated so much in her attempt to get free that she had not heard it until it was almost behind her.&nbsp; She looked over her left shoulder, then her right but her long hair kept her from seeing what was there.
Besides a guard beside the driver, there were four outriders.&nbsp; The three men left the shade to move out to join this new interloper.
�I see you have done well,� Margaret said as she alighted from the carriage.&nbsp; She straightened her clothes before reaching back inside for her bag.
�We got her just the way you wanted.�
The mistress carried a large handbag.&nbsp; She pulled out one item before dropping the bag on the floor.&nbsp; She moved forward so the naked captive could see what she had.
�I bet you get a real thrill from this.�
It was a strap-on dildo.&nbsp; The brunette turned her head away when the slaver tried to rub it on the side of her face.
�So let&#8217;s get down to business.�
Janice saw her wrapping the strap about her body as she disappeared behind her.
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
After five minutes, Margaret gave up.&nbsp; Her captive would not come.
She moved back in front of the captive.&nbsp; 
�Some girls just don&#8217;t know how to have a good time.&nbsp; You will learn though.�
She disappeared from sight for a few seconds, just enough time to remove the strap-on dildo.&nbsp; She returned with a black leather slave collar.&nbsp; She held it up for the captive to see.
�I bet I can have you begging for this before sundown.�
It was not long afterwards that a collared Janice was led up to the back of the wagon where she took a place kneeling with her sisters.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 116

�Yes, my boyfriend said I should invite all my friends.�
�Isn&#8217;t your boyfriend, Canjac, the slaver?�&nbsp; Becky&#8217;s head jerked upright when Peggy read aloud from the note.
�Yes. That is what makes it so exciting.�
Yes, Canjac had invited Peggy to bring along all friends to the ponygirl races.&nbsp;&nbsp; Peggy was beautiful and sexy.&nbsp; She had spent the last several days training as a pony girl, and now Canjac was taking her to the pony girl races.
Peggy failed to connect the dots.
All Peggy&#8217;s friends wanted to go to the ponygirl races, as they had never been there before.&nbsp; They all jumped at the opportunity to go, particularly once they learned that Canjac had rented a box the remainder of the season.&nbsp;&nbsp; They could watch the races in the luxury they deserved.
He sent a carriage to take them.&nbsp; He hoped for three or four.&nbsp; Eight was a little more than what the carriage could handle.&nbsp; They all fit in by sitting on one another&#8217;s laps.
They were impressed when they arrived at the gate, discovering that there were VIP passes waiting for them.&nbsp;&nbsp; They did not have to buy tickets, did not have to wait in line, or did not have to spend money.&nbsp;&nbsp; All they had to do was walk through the gate.&nbsp; Scantily clad slave girls showed them to his box.
They had to wait only a few minutes before Canjac showed up.
�Is everything being taken care?�
He made a quick headcount as his eyes slid across the group.&nbsp; There were nine young women there &#8211; Peggy and eight of her friends.
They answered his question with a roar of affirmative responses, jerking heads up and down enthusiastically at the same time.
�You&#8217;ll come with me, I have something you might be interested in.� 
The girls followed the slaver from the box.&nbsp; The entrance was in the back so they had to walk away from the track, down the steps and then through a slight tunnel to the front of the stands.
As they walked, two girls began to giggle.&nbsp; One tugged on Peggy&#8217;s sleeve.
�You know, your boyfriend is cute,� she whispered.
Canjac conducted them on the front of the stands toward the paddock area.&nbsp; He flashed his VIP pass, which got him into the area.&nbsp; As his guests, all the girls could come also.
Ahead of them were the long low buildings where ponygirls were prepared for races.&nbsp; They walked past the first two.&nbsp; The third was their destination.&nbsp; He led them to a stall where a sulky awaited them.
�Here it is.�
While the girls were not that familiar with pony girl races, they knew this was a sulky, that it was some type of the wagon that was towed by ponygirls.&nbsp; They did not see how this was remarkable.&nbsp; It was not worth the time to come down here.
�So what?�
Canjac showed her his program.&nbsp; Peggy was an entry in the fourth race, the housewife scramble.
�Okay, you are not housewife but I have you entered the race.&nbsp; That was why you were undergoing all that training.�
Peggy&#8217;s eyes lit up.&nbsp; She was going to be bound in public and forced to parade around naked!&nbsp; Does life get any better than this?&nbsp; Since this was a consensual race, there would no real stigma attached to her actions.
Her friends would have something to say about it.&nbsp; She was certain that many of the comments would be sparked by jealousy.
�Step in here and we will get you ready.�
Peggy recognized two men waiting outside.&nbsp; They had helped bring her here for training. A quartet of French Maids accompanied them.&nbsp; They were going to dress her in a proper ponygirl outfit.
Before they could start, one man slipped a black leather blindfold over her eyes.&nbsp; Another held her by the upper arms so he could guide her inside the stall.&nbsp; Her friends crowded around the open door.
The first item for Peggy was a pair of bright crimson latex panties. These were quite small and somewhat delicate so it took two French Maids to get them on her. They worked carefully to keep from damaging the item because they were so tight. 
The panties were briefs, but that was not a fair description of them. In front, a triangular hole allowed anyone to see her pubic hair. A similar pair of holes in back allowed the roundest part of her fanny to stick through. The pristine whiteness of her bottom cheeks provided a startling contrast with the deep hue of the panties. The tight panties forced her bottom cheeks to bulge through the holes.
The next item was a black leather corset. One French Maid held it in place while another laced it up the front.
Two more worked on the captive&#8217;s arms. One held leather; fingerless glove while the other laced it up from the fingertips to the upper arm. The lacings had to be loosened for the gloves to come off, and without the use of her fingers, there was no way the wearer could do it.
They pulled her arms behind her back. A short chain linked a leather cuff about each wrist to the corset by a short chain. While she could move her arms about a little, she had no means of freeing herself, or using her hands or arms to protect her body. 
Before going to work on her head, they had her kneel. 
The new gag was a bit gag with a harness. Peggy explored it with her tongue as Canjac pulled the ends of the strap together behind her head. The gag was no more than a centimeter in diameter. She quickly concluded that wearing it was much more comfortable than having that rubber ball rammed into her mouth. 
Once they had the leather strap buckled behind her head, one French Maid looked at the man for permission to continue. He ordered her to remove the blindfold with a wave of her hand.
Peggy blinked several times as her eyes became used to the light. 
The French Maids were still at work fastening more straps about the captive's head. This was no mere bit gag; it was a harness bit gag.
Peggy glanced to one side, then the other but could see nothing because of protruding leather pieces. Several straps went about her head; some held the bit gag in her mouth. Others held the blinders in place. A chinstrap kept her from opening her mouth too far.
One French Maid bunched Peggy s long hair with her hands. Another threaded it through a small loop of leather at the back of the harness.
The man moved out of sight to her right to get out of the way so the French Maids could finish their job.
The leather held the ponytail in place, but they fastened to it a large, red satin bow to complete the motif.
The man moved back in front of her to inspect the work the slave girls had done. Peggy s face was level with his crotch. She wished that gag was not in her mouth. She wanted to use her mouth to thank him for binding her this way.
"On your feet, Ponygirl."&nbsp; 
The beautiful brunette staggered to her feet.
"Harness her up."&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Peggy came to her feet when the man gave the order. With her hands secured to her corset in back, she had trouble maintaining her balance. The main grabbed her by the upper arm to keep her from falling over. 
Motion over her head drew her gaze up. The bar descended before her, coming to a halt at waist-level. A French Maid pushed the bar back so it touched the corset at her waist. On each side of the corset near her hipbones were small metal rings. Two padlocks, one on the right and the other on the left, kept the sulky fastened in place.
The French Maid trotted to the man. Kneeling before her master, she offered him the keys, hoping that he would reward her submissive behavior. Peggy envied her as she could move about to show her submissiveness. After tucking the keys in a pocket, he secured the slave girl's hands behind her back with handcuffs. She curried across the room to be tethered until needed again.
Another slave girl attached the ends of the reins to rings on the bit gag where it stuck out of each side of her mouth. She pulled the far end of the leather strap over Peggy's head. The captive could not see what her sister slave did with it, but when she passed in front of her, she no longer had it. 
The slave girl had locked her to a sulky. Anywhere she went, she would have to drag that device with her. The man had ordered that she be a pony girl. She was only a slave girl, totally dependent upon her master. She could do nothing but follow the orders of her master.
As they bound the tall, buxom brunette for her new role, a new plot was being developed outside.&nbsp;&nbsp; Canjac felt fingers pushing on his elbow to get his attention.&nbsp;&nbsp; A brunette&#8217;s who had accompanied Peggy motioned for him to follow her from the stall.&nbsp; Another followed him.
�I&#8217;m Becky.&nbsp; This is Chloe.&nbsp; We know you are.�
Well, duh.
Many people knew he was, so that did not bother him.&nbsp;&nbsp; He just raised his eyebrows.&nbsp;&nbsp; What was the point?
�You are a slaver.&nbsp;&nbsp; Will you help us turn a couple of our friends into a slave girls?�
Canjac&#8217;s immediate thought was that this was some type of trick.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What you want?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She pointed back toward the stall door.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
�Two of our friends, Zoe and Patrice.&nbsp; They annoy the hell out of us.&nbsp; We don&#8217;t invite them along with us.&nbsp; They always come along anyway.&nbsp; We invited them this time.&nbsp; We think they would look good wearing a collar.�&nbsp; 
�They are such bitches.&nbsp;&nbsp; They deserve to wear a collar.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are stuck up.&nbsp; Everyone agrees.&nbsp; We all agree that we would like to see them as slave girls.�
That was a common thought.&nbsp; If you have a friend who is obnoxious, or just a little more beautiful than you, what better fate than to turn her into a slave girl?&nbsp; The desire was natural.&nbsp; Slap a collar on her so you can use her beauty and sexuality as a weapon against her.&nbsp; Annoying voice?&nbsp; A ballgag will solve that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac was not one to pass up the opportunity to turn a beautiful woman into a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let me think about it.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was little think about.&nbsp;&nbsp; He knew what he could do.&nbsp; He knew where he could get the equipment to do it.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only obstacle was how to lure these two beauties into willingly putting on slave collars.&nbsp;&nbsp; He had a couple of standard ways that he could use.&nbsp;&nbsp; But usually he set these things up in advance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He thought about a new ploy.&nbsp; He always had plans working in the back of his mind.&nbsp; Without time to develop something more complicated, he would have to fall back on a ploy that always seemed to work.&nbsp; That was the ploy of �bait.�&nbsp; He made a quick headcount.&nbsp; Besides the two they wanted to enslave, and Peggy, there were six young women there.&nbsp; If all six agreed to go along with this, the other two would be forced to follow.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only problem he faced then was the moral dilemma of keeping these six as slave girls, or fulfilling his end of the bargain and letting them go afterwards.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no timeframe though.&nbsp; He could delay the decision for a while.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He motioned Becky over to him.&nbsp; Chloe trotted along after her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�There would be a cost.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We will pay it.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�No, I&#8217;m talking about a cost of dignity and self-respect.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her eyes opened wide in horror as she wondered just what he intended to do.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You know I don&#8217;t go around enslaving women on a whim.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She nodded.&nbsp; She had heard that from Peggy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�To persuade a woman she wants to wear a collar takes time, and time is something we do not have.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You can&#8217;t do it?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let me finish.&nbsp; The herd mentality always works.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her eyebrows shot up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You say, &#8216;you know, Peggy looks awful cute as a ponygirl, I would kind of like to harnessed as a ponygirl.&#8217;&nbsp; Your friends chime in, agreeing.&nbsp; I point out that I don&#8217;t have the time or equipment, however��
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�However, you could dress us as slave girls.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Precisely.&nbsp; You discuss it among yourselves and agree.&nbsp; With six of you wanting to wear collars, the other two will have to go along.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You&#8217;ll let us go, won&#8217;t you?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�It&#8217;s not my policy, but in this case, since you are friends of Peggy, I&#8217;ll make an exception.&nbsp; Afterwards.&nbsp; You watch the race as slave girls, then I take you all back to my place.&nbsp; Once they are inside the walls, I let you go and they disappear.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We&#8217;ll have to talk about it.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Sure.&nbsp; Just make up your mind in time to get you ready for the race.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�There is one more thing.&nbsp; Once you are dressed as slave girls, it will be pretty hard to tell you apart.&nbsp; I will have you line up facing a wall.&nbsp; You,� he said pointing to Becky, �Be the last one in line.&nbsp; Using your fingers, tell me which number they are in line before you take your place in the line.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�From the right or the left?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac could not wait to get a ballgag into this brunette&#8217;s mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�The right.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By then, they had Peggy harnessed up to the sulky.&nbsp; All her friends gathered round, gently caressing her titties and pubic region since she was not in the position to resist or protest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac had brought along one of his more experience slave girls, Sheila, to serve as the jockey for the race.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Behind the stable there was a small track where the ponygirls could loosen up for the contest.&nbsp; They bound the driver in position on the seat of the sulky.&nbsp; When they released the brake, she directed Peggy from the stall, across the front of the building and around in back.&nbsp; Canjac, his men, and the eight girls followed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�That looks like fun.&nbsp; Could you dress me up as a ponygirl?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were a couple murmurs of agreement.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I really don&#8217;t have the time before the race.�&nbsp; Canjac looked back where Peggy completed a turn at the far end of the oval.&nbsp; �If you want to feel what it is like to be helpless, I could tie you up as a slave girl and let you watch the race from my box on your knees.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I hear Peggy does that all the time,�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�My cousin and I were playing and she tied me up and let me alone in my bedroom all afternoon.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The girls huddled together to discuss the idea.&nbsp; Well, to be more precise, six girls huddled together while the other two stood behind them with worried frowns on their faces.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What would we have to do?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Would we be naked?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I can get some slave girl outfits if you would prefer.&nbsp; You would have to sign a release.&nbsp; At the end of the race I would let you go.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The six huddled again.&nbsp; The Canjac had to suppress a smile.&nbsp; The little conniving little bitches had done something like this before.&nbsp; Five young women were in favor and one was opposed.&nbsp; The one was quickly won over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What about the two of you?&nbsp; Are you in?&nbsp; I&#8217;ll do it if you will.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Oh, the pressure of peer acceptance.&nbsp; That was why the bait ploy was so successful.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Okay, we will do it.&nbsp; Only you got to promise to let us go at the end.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Since you are friends of Peggy, I would not think of double-crossing you.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac hated to spend the money for the equipment since he had so much of it back at his compound, but he did not have time to send someone for it.&nbsp; He found a supply store inside the racetrack where he was able to purchase eight collar, eight pairs of high-heeled sandals, eight ballgags and eight pink, satin slave girl outfits.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The simple fact that they sold this type of equipment inside the racetrack convinced Canjac that it was no uncommon for a woman to come to the racetrack as a free woman, but to leave as a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�The first thing you need to do is sign these release forms.&nbsp; They say you are doing this voluntarily.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want to get into trouble for this.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Had any of the girls taken the time to read the fine print, they would have seen that these were the standard release forms when a woman wanted to be a slave girl.&nbsp; When a woman signed this form, she was allowing herself to be turned into a slave girl.&nbsp; It was a legal document, one that would keep Canjac from being fined for putting a collar on the eight.&nbsp; (They, of course, would remain as slave girls.)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As each woman handed him the signed form, he handed her a pile of clothing.&nbsp; They could get undressed and redressed in the stall with the door closed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All eight wore slacks of some sort.&nbsp; They peeled these off along with the tops, panties and bras.&nbsp; Once naked they put on the skimpy outfit slave girls wore.&nbsp; The panties were black satin bikini-style that were held in place by a bow on each hip.&nbsp; They spent most of their time trying to get the item only right.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The flared miniskirt was next.&nbsp; This did not take long as it was held together by four simple snaps that held the edges together.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The top was a halter-top that covered the nipples and little else.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The comment �Maybe I should have asked him to get me an extra large� elicited snickers as these came only in one size.&nbsp; A slave girl was judged by the size of her titties.&nbsp; Every face was beautiful with a ballgag tightly wedged between the teeth.&nbsp; And all cunts looked the same.&nbsp; About the only differences were the color of the hair and the size of the tits.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The shoes were last.&nbsp; They were easy to get on, but with the 15-centimeter heels, the young women had a difficult time walking around in them.&nbsp; Once on they walked around in a small circle in the stall trying to get used to them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Are you about ready?� Canjac called out as he knocked on the door.&nbsp; �The first race is about to start.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The door swung open partway, pushed from within.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I never knew a slave girl had to work so hard in these.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�If you girls will form a line facing that wall, we will begin.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Seven of the young women moved to the wall Canjac had indicated.&nbsp; Becky turned toward the slaver so her back was to them.&nbsp; She raised both hands, two finger on one hand, three on the other.
She then joined the line.&nbsp; They faced it, but each looked over her left shoulder to see what Canjac was going to do to them.&nbsp;&nbsp; He left the stall to retrieve a small box he had left outside.&nbsp; He dropped it midway down the line.&nbsp; He pulled out two pairs of handcuffs. One pair he slung over his right shoulder.&nbsp; The other he opened as he moved to the first woman in the line.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Hands behind your back.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac moved down the line locking each woman&#8217;s hands behind her back. After every two young women he had to return to the box for another two pair of handcuffs.&nbsp; When he reached the end of the line, he returned to the box.&nbsp; Bondage was only the first step of turning a woman into a slave girl.&nbsp; The next step was the application of a gag.&nbsp; He selected the most common gag for them &#8211; a ballgag.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Open wide.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While a girl might allow herself to be bound, being gagged was another matter.&nbsp; Without a gag she could always call out for help.&nbsp; None of the girls could stop Canjac from applying a gag.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If a woman did not want him to gag her, she could stop him merely by keeping her mouth closed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Canjac held the ballgag to the woman&#8217;s lips.&nbsp; Her bottom lip stuck out for a few seconds before she opened her mouth so he could insert it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She felt him pulling the ends of the strap behind her back.&nbsp; When he had it buckled tight enough so she could not push the rubber ball out with her tongue, he inserted the pin through a hole and tucked the working end through the buckle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She turned her head to the right as he moved in that direction.&nbsp; The young woman to her right turned her head to look toward her.&nbsp; Canjac already had the ballgag out for her.&nbsp; Perhaps she had worn a ballgag before, but the expression on her face showed shock at the size of the rubber ball.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac slowly moved down the line, fastening one ballgag after another.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Had these been trained slave girls, they would have ignored him to stare at the wall before them.&nbsp; All eight turned to see what he was up to.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once again he moved down the line.&nbsp; This time he fastened a black leather slave collar about the throat of each young woman.&nbsp; He slipped a string about the leather collars of Zoe and Patrice before looking their collars.&nbsp; This would make it easy to identify them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He needed one more trip down the line.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Turn around.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Each woman had to face him, then lean forward to press her throat against the black leather slave collar.&nbsp; Canjac pulled the ends behind her head to buckle them together.&nbsp; Once he had the collar locked, he pulled the pins from their hair to allow it to fall down.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Since he had signed release forms from them, they were slave girls officially.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;m going to take you to my box.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t worry about anyone recognizing you.&nbsp; Anyone who sees you will be staring at you tits or legs.&nbsp; You do the same thing.&nbsp; Every man you see, you will stare at his crotch.&nbsp; If it is a woman, you stare at her tits.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac had the chain leashes with him.&nbsp; He took the first girl in the line, the one on the extreme left, and turned her so she faced the door.&nbsp; He moved the second so she faced in the same direction about a meter behind her.&nbsp; The two-meter chain leash ran from the back of the first slave girl&#8217;s collar, to the front of the second.&nbsp; He worked his way down the line, securing them in a coffle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�If you see a slave girl, you do a comparison to see if she is more beautiful and sexy than you are.&nbsp; I assure you, that every slave girl who sees you will be doing the same.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac moved to the head of the coffle where he attached a leash to the collar of the first girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Forward.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Panic set in once they were out in public.&nbsp; That did not last long as they realized no one paid&nbsp; attention to them.&nbsp; One or two men stared for a few seconds, but most gave them a brief glance.&nbsp; Sure, they all were attractive and sexy, but there were many slave girls such as that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They met their first slave girls as they left the paddock area.&nbsp; They realized what Canjac had said was true.&nbsp; The slave girls did stare at them.&nbsp; They were measuring them up.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�They must feel bad knowing I am more beautiful and sexy than they are,� each of the eight thought.&nbsp; Yes, each slave girl they met had the same thought.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The part of Canjac&#8217;s private box where the slave girls would watch a race was in front.&nbsp; The seats behind them were higher so the men and women had a better view.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac removed the chain leash from the back of the first captive&#8217;s collar and attached it to a ring on the wall.&nbsp; All the while he kept a tight grip on the leash of the first captive.&nbsp; He then used it to lead her forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The area where the slave girls knelt was not flat.&nbsp; There was a �vee� projection in the floor so the captive had to kneel with her legs spread.&nbsp; There were few reasons to bring a slave girl to ponygirl races.&nbsp; The main reason was for some form of humiliation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Perhaps a slave girl had vowed to free her sister from her slavery.&nbsp; Instead she ends up with a collar.&nbsp; Her master or mistress takes her to the races so she can watch her sister&#8217;s degradation as a ponygirl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Perhaps a woman is new to a collar.&nbsp; Her master or mistress takes her to the ponygirl races after informing her that tomorrow she begins training as a ponygirl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In most cases, the slave girls who view the races are new to a collar.&nbsp; The device forces them to keep their legs spread.&nbsp; As it is, their pussies are at eyelevel for anyone walking past.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she knelt, Canjac passed leather straps over her ankles so she could not rise.&nbsp; The last action (of securing her in place) was to attach her leash to a ring on the railing before her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were all alone and helpless!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The naked women were a delightful diversion, but Canjac had a purpose for being there.&nbsp; He had entered Peggy in the �Housewives Scramble� and he wanted her to win.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of his men who helped train the long-legged beauty had her behind the stable.&nbsp; He ran beside her, one hand gripping her harness as they trotted up and down the short track.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That part seemed to be going well so he turned his attention to the other two parts of the race.&nbsp; The men had disassembled the sulky, applying a liberal amount of grease where it mattered.&nbsp; If Peggy did not win, it would not be because of equipment failure.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The final component was the driver.&nbsp; This was Sheila.&nbsp; The redhead had suffered through training as rigorous as Peggy&#8217;s had been, though quite different.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stood outside the stall door, tethered to a ring on the wall.&nbsp; A ballgag filled her mouth and black leather blindfold covered her eyes.&nbsp; She did not react when she heard him approach.&nbsp; Many men had come and gone while she stood there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She did react through when he reached around her body to grab her by the tits.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�If you don&#8217;t win, you will be severely punished.&nbsp; Perhaps I will even sell you in the slave market.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was enough to frighten any slave girl.&nbsp; True, none knew what went on there, but they knew that a slave placed there would be sold to the highest bidder.&nbsp; Money alone determined their fate.&nbsp; No negotiated deals or compensation for a job well done.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When he returned to the back of the stable, the man walked Peggy up and down the track.&nbsp; He knew just how much exercise she needed to be limber.&nbsp; He did not want her to tire out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two men with the sulky stood there watching Peggy parade back and forth.&nbsp; There was no lust in their eyes, only a glint of appreciation for a well-trained slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before Canjac could say anything to them, the horns signaled the beginning of the first race.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They treated Peggy as they would any other slave girl.&nbsp; They told her nothing of what was about to happen to her.&nbsp; When time came to fasten her to the sulky, they did so, giving her only the directions they needed to get her in place.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They brought the crossbar down so it passed in front of the buxom brunette&#8217;s body.&nbsp; Nudging her forward a little they pressed her body against it so they could fasten a padlock between the ring on it and a ring on the front of her cuirass.&nbsp; With that done, Peggy could not go anywhere without dragging the sulky with her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The missing element was the driver.&nbsp; They brought Sheila up to the sulky, still bound.&nbsp; They helped her into the seat, strapping her in place with her legs spread.&nbsp; One man placed the whip in a holder on her right.&nbsp; They did not free her yet.&nbsp; They did not want her using the whip on the ponygirl until the race began.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man who had been exercising Peggy earlier grabbed her by the harness so he could lead her toward the track.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The race was not ready to start but they wanted Peggy to get some exercise pulling the sulky before it was for real.&nbsp; They moved past the barns where others were getting ponygirls ready for other races.&nbsp; Two men trailed along behind the sulky as they moved along.&nbsp; At the end of the area, they turned about and came back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy knew she was at a racetrack but had no idea what she was to do.&nbsp; She did not know about the �Housewife&#8217;s Scramble.�&nbsp; She knew pony girls raced there.&nbsp; They always seemed to be experienced so she did not believe she was good enough o run against pros.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac thought otherwise, and as we all know, Peggy&#8217;s opinion did not matter.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the sound of the trumpet, they led her through a gate in the direction of the track.&nbsp; Once through another gate, she was where everyone could see her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Surprisingly (or not), the fact she was in public where everyone could see her essentially naked body did not disturb Peggy as much as the thought that she would be running against experienced ponygirls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the ponygirl and sulky were in position, the man removed the whip and handed it to the slave girl.&nbsp; She had raced several times before so she knew what to do.&nbsp; When the signal was given, she flicked the whip so the end cracked against bottom of the naked beauty before her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy started forward at a run, her long legs flashing as the tip of the whip flicked against one bottom check then the other.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blinders did their job, keeping the ponygirl was seeing what was on either side of her.&nbsp; She could not judge if anyone was near her.&nbsp; She did as they had trained her &#8211; she merely ran as fast as she could.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The gradual curve of the track made it appear that she ran forward in a straight line.&nbsp; Ahead of her was open track.&nbsp; They had come off of turn number two and were approaching the next long stretch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As quickly as it had started, the race was over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy wondered if she had won.&nbsp; No one was in sight when she entered the backstretch, but she knew the blinders would keep her from seeing anyone near her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They made a second lap about the track, this one more leisurely than the first.&nbsp; After that lap, they exited the track at the gate in turn number three.&nbsp; The ponygirls for the next race where already being brought forward through the gate in turn number four.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac led his captives one at a time to the back of the stands where he tethered the first to a ring on the wall.&nbsp; The attached the leash of the second to the ring on the back of her collar.&nbsp; He tethered each in like manner so they formed a coffle.&nbsp; When he had all there, the leading tether attached to the back of the collar belong to the slave before her.&nbsp; When he had all them secured together, he led them forward to the staging area where Peggy waited.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From the sounds of everyone congratulating Canjac, Peggy realized she must have won the face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The tall brunette stood there, still bound to the sulky.&nbsp; She had done so well that Canjac intended to let her carry him home.&nbsp; 
First though, a coffle of eight slave girls had to be attached to the rear of the sulky.&nbsp; Peggy wondered where they had come from.&nbsp; She looked in vain for her friends.&nbsp; (Remember, she was being bound as a ponygirl when this plot was hatched so she had no idea what had happened to her friends.)&nbsp; She guessed they were so jealous that they had not waited around to congratulate her on the fine race run.
Canjac tethered his captives to the back of the sulky.&nbsp; They would enjoy the walk home.&nbsp; What girl didn&#8217;t like being paraded about in public bound and dressed as a slave girl?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They did not take the direct route back to his compound.&nbsp; He knew the women following him would appreciate their freedom more when they thought he had double-crossed them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The door was closed when they arrived at Canjac&#8217;s compound.&nbsp; He pulled the brake back before dismounting. Rather than try the high bay door, which he was certain would be locked, he hammered on a smaller door to the side with his fist.&nbsp; Since this was near one of the main training areas, it did not take long for someone to open it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A couple minutes later, two men pushed the door open.&nbsp; As soon as it was open a meter, a man slipped through to get to the sulky.&nbsp; By the time they had it open, he was in the seat with the brake off.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He directed Peggy into the building, then had her circle about so she faced the open door.&nbsp; He stopped the sulky by pulling back on the reins and set the brake.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The eight little captives were led to a wall where they were tethered.&nbsp; The men checked the collars for string, and separated those two.&nbsp; Two men led those two away, while two other men worked their way down the line, removing the satin slave girl outfits from the remaining six.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In a few minutes the two returned to get two of the captives.&nbsp; Where they Becky and Chloe?&nbsp; It doesn&#8217;t matter.&nbsp; They all were in on this.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were so concerned about being naked and helpless before these men, that they did not notice the pair of bare bottoms before them.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Zoe and Patrice were bound over padded bars, their legs spread and their wrists chained to rings in the floor.&nbsp; Two more pairs of chains insured neither captive could pull her legs together.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac stood to the left.&nbsp; He patted the nearer captive on the rump.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You do recognize Zoe, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; And that is Patrice over there?&nbsp; Or is this Patrice and that Zoe?&nbsp; You know, when a woman is bound in this position, all pussies look pretty much the same.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Since we are here to party, do you two want to be the first to insure that Zoe and Patrice have a good time?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The kneeling captives nodded.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Come to your feet.&nbsp; We have toys for you to play with.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neither of the two had ever worn a strap on before.&nbsp; Leather straps went about waists and thighs.&nbsp; A fifty-centimeter dildo protruded from each crotch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Move forward slowly.&nbsp; Let my men guide the end in.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffttttt!!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When they were finished, the men ran chains from the bars to the thigh straps.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�This will insure that you cannot pull it out.&nbsp; You can shove it in as far as you wish, but when you try to pull it out, it will stop your with the crown still in a pussy.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He smiled at them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let&#8217;s see who can make them scream first.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was nothing the two captives could do but suffer through one orgasm after another.&nbsp; Neither could imagine that being tied up could feet so good.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac gave the first two ten minutes, before signaling his men to bring the next two forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first two expected Canjac to release them but instead he attached a chain leash to each collar, and used it to lead the captives to more bars.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You have had an exhausting day.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you rest by laying across these while the next two have their turn.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These two were well aware that their pussies would be visible.&nbsp; Since they had no other options, they obeyed.&nbsp; Canjac locked the end of the leash to rings on the floor so they could not straighten up.&nbsp; He moved behind them to use chains to keep their legs spread.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the ten minutes allotted to the second pair was done, they took their place to the left.&nbsp; When the final two were done, they also were bound in that position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All six were whimpering as they waited.&nbsp; Less than ten minutes later, Canjac was back with a surprise.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Since the six of your gave Zoe and Patrice such a thrill, it is only fitting that they do the same to you.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The six thought the two would be wearing strap on dildos, but when Canjac forced them to their knees so the captives could get a better view, they saw that they wore dildo gags.&nbsp; (They were double dildo gags, but none of the six cared what kind of gag the two wore.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two were positioned behind the first two.&nbsp; Chains between their collars and rings on the bars insured they could not pull the dildo outs out.&nbsp; All they could do was ram their faces forward into the bare buttocks of their friend.&nbsp; The chain would allow them to pull the dildo out most of the way.&nbsp; They then rammed it forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 117

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Madison ran wildly through stately Blaine Manor in search of Caroline.&nbsp; Everyone she found she asked if they had seen Caroline, but no one had.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Surely you did not think this elaborate plan of Caroline&#8217;s was going to go off without a hitch?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Caroline returned from an afternoon with her friends.&nbsp; She had plans she needed to finish.&nbsp; Too many Amazons had gone missing.&nbsp; It was no longer safe for them to remain in town.&nbsp; The Amazons were busy completing their plans to move on to another town.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But we are getting ahead of ourselves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Where have you been?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I went��
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Giselle is here!&nbsp; She wants to know where Laura is!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Who is Giselle?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�She is a friend of Laura&#8217;s.&nbsp; She wants to know where she is!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Tell her she left town.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�She doesn&#8217;t believe me.&nbsp; She said she and Laura had plans for the reception!&nbsp; She wants to know where she is!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The reception was the next day.&nbsp; Caroline had her plans worked out, but she was flexible.&nbsp; She would simply move parts of the timetable ahead.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She gave the evil stepmother her most winning smile. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
�Don&#8217;t worry.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have this all planned out.�
�You know what will happen to us we&#8217;re caught?�
Caroline&#8217;s reply was another smile.
�We are not going to get caught. As I said, I have this all planned out.&nbsp;&nbsp; Stall her for a while.&nbsp; I have to get Laura ready.&nbsp; Give me about fifteen minutes, then bring her to our special watching room.�
�You are going to let her see Laura!&nbsp; Are you mad?�
�That is just phase one.&nbsp; Phase two is when you put on your special outfit.�
Madison&#8217;s eyes opened wide in shock.&nbsp; No one had seen her in that outfit.&nbsp; Well, no one had seen her who recognized her.&nbsp; She was more than a little mystified at the whipmistress&#8217;s words.&nbsp; Just what did Caroline have in mind?
�Phase three &#8211; we introduce this Giselle to Laura&#8217;s type of fun.�
&#8216;Oh.�&nbsp; The evil stepmother had to say nothing more.&nbsp; She was not certain how Caroline intended to do this, but it was certain that she did not intend to let the young woman leave the house as a free woman.
�Another slave girl in the house &#8211; this was getting better all the time.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Madison was not that bright but slowly it dawned on her what the Amazon plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was not certain she wanted to be seen by a free woman wearing the outfit to a slave girl.
First things first.&nbsp; She had to calm down the young woman.&nbsp; Leading her back into the house would go far toward convincing her that they had nothing to hide.
She invited the young woman to sit down, but Giselle would not do that.&nbsp; The evil stepmother tried to talk to her, but Giselle paced about the room, circling Madison three times in little more than a minute.&nbsp; Her eyes rolled around in her head.
�You&#8217;re making me dizzy.&nbsp; Just stop moving around the room.�
�But where is she!&nbsp; You&#8217;re hiding something, aren&#8217;t you!&nbsp; You&#8217;re hiding something.�
The evil stepmother did not have an answer.&nbsp; She sensed that Giselle was about to bolt.&nbsp; The younger woman edged toward the door.
�Come on.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll show you.�
She had stalled as long as she could.&nbsp; She bit her lower lip as she turned away.&nbsp; She was afraid things were running out of control.
She led the young woman down the hall to the room where she and Caroline had watched Laura being tormented - �Death by Orgasm!!�
The Amazon stood by the window watching.&nbsp; As the two entered the room, she turned her head as though she had no idea who was there.&nbsp; A finger to her lips signaled them to be quiet.
Giselle moved forward to the window.&nbsp; She looked down and frowned.&nbsp; 
�So where is she?�
Once again Caroline raised her finger to his lips to hush the woman.&nbsp; Then she gestured down to the room below where one slave ate another.
�What?�
The slave girl on the table emitted a loud moan of ecstasy that even the ballgag filling her mouth could not stop.
�Don&#8217;t you recognize that moan?�
Giselle leaned forward, her mouth open as she contemplated the scene before her.&nbsp; (In their clique, Laura was known as the �smart one.�)&nbsp; She still wondered where Laura was.
Then it dawned on her little by little.
�What the hell.�
�Shhhh!�
Giselle stood there staring at the scene before her without realizing what she was watching.&nbsp; Well, she knew what, she just did not know who.&nbsp; After a few minutes it dawned on her why the evil stepmother had brought her there.
 �That&#8217;s Laura!�
Caroline spun the same lies she told Madison.&nbsp; When she finished, she glanced at Madison who volunteered to show Laura&#8217;s friend just how much fun it was.
She rushed up to her room to put on her secret outfit.&nbsp; Since she had been doing this daily for a couple weeks, it did not take her long.&nbsp; In a matter of minutes, she wore only the garter belt stockings and high heels.&nbsp; She wore her favorite outfit &#8211; pink satin with delicate white lace trim.&nbsp; About her neck she fastened a black leather slave collar.&nbsp;&nbsp; She tethered herself to a ring on the wall before handcuffing her hands behind her back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All she had to do was wait or Caroline to come.&nbsp; That occurred in a ten minutes.&nbsp; Caroline wanted to insure Giselle would not run as soon as she was alone.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Come on, let&#8217;s bait the trap for Giselle.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They started down the hall toward the stairs.&nbsp; Madison had done this so often, she knew where Caroline took her.&nbsp; The Amazon left her tethered at the usual place.&nbsp; Since a subordinate had the responsibility for rewarding slave girls, Caroline could not put the evil stepmother in there herself.&nbsp; She left her near the reward room with a note attached to her collar.&nbsp; When Laura&#8217;s time was up, the mistress would place the evil stepmother in their next.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Caroline raced up to the private room.&nbsp; She arrived out of breath.&nbsp; Giselle was still there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Laura&#8217;s time is almost up.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then it will be Madison&#8217;s. It should not be too much longer.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The session ran a little long.&nbsp; Switching slave girls was not a high priority.&nbsp; Eventually a mistress came for her.&nbsp; After freeing the gorgeous brunette from her bondage, she tethered her to the wall next to the door.&nbsp; Laura could have seen her wicked stepmother if she looked, but she was so exhausted by this session that she closed her eyes as she rested her forward on the wall. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Madison&#8217;s turn.&nbsp;&nbsp; The two watched as the slightly older woman was led into the room and tied down to the bench in the same position that Laura had been.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a matter of seconds, Madison was enjoying one orgasm after another.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�She seems to enjoy it too.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Giselle had her nose pressed against the glass.&nbsp; Caroline knew it would need little effort to get her to try this form of pleasure.
�There are a couple of clubs around town that specialize in this.&nbsp;&nbsp; Very hush, hush.&nbsp; I guess you are not in on the in on the secret.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Caroline knew how to work the pride of a young woman to a slave collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I can give you a recommendation to one, but they are expensive.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tick Tock.&nbsp; Tick Tock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Could I do that?&nbsp; She pointed down to where Madison was undergoing her twentieth (or what it twenty-fifth?) orgasm. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Caroline waited a few seconds before answering.&nbsp;&nbsp; She did not want to appear anxious.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Of course you could take your turn.&nbsp;&nbsp; We do not get around to rewarding slave girls until later today.&nbsp;&nbsp; There will be no one around in case you want to try it yourself.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�And no one would find out?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Of course not.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it is perfectly safe.&nbsp; Like I said, it is illegal to enslave a woman inside the city walls.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Well I do have a few hours�.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�That is about what it will take.&nbsp;&nbsp; You spend half an hour on the bench, and then it takes at least an hour for your body to recover from all the orgasms.&nbsp;&nbsp; We just let you lie on the bed and sleep it off.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you wake up you would be surprised to find how refreshed you are.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a great stress reliever.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Caroline made this up as she went along.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was starting to believe it herself.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe she should open one of those special clubs she was talking about.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Okay, if you say it is safe.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Caroline took the young woman down to one of the training rooms.&nbsp;&nbsp; She opened the door to see that the corridor was empty.&nbsp;&nbsp; She then motioned the woman inside.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Go ahead and take off all your clothes.&nbsp; I will get help for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep the door closed her no one knows you are here.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One thing they had in abundance in the house was a slave girl outfit.&nbsp; It took the Amazon a couple minutes longer to find handcuffs and a slave collar.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She knocked twice on the door.
�Yes?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�It&#8217;s me.�
The door opened about one centimeter.&nbsp;&nbsp; One eye appeared in the opening.&nbsp; Once Giselle was certain it was the Amazon, she pulled the door opened so the woman could again.&nbsp; She remained behind the door so it would hide her naked body from anyone standing outside. 
�Are you ready?� Caroline asked with her most polite smile.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I am having second thoughts about this.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman was naked.&nbsp; The Amazon knew the young woman had passed the point of no return.&nbsp; If she did not voluntarily submit to the collar, she would tie her up and force it on her.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Well it is now or never.&nbsp; We have to do it while Laura is sleeping off her session.&nbsp;&nbsp; She does not have the stamina Madison does. I did not want her to find out that you saw her like that.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Giselle pouted but said nothing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let&#8217;s get dressed.�
That was how Giselle ended up in the pink satin slave girl&#8217;s outfit with the standard hold top that did an inadequate job of covering her large duties.&nbsp;&nbsp; The skirt was short flared, barely covering her pubic hair in front and little of her bottom cheeks in back.&nbsp;&nbsp; If she bent over, anyone could see her pussy from behind.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Caroline held up the black leather slave collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Like I said, this is perfectly safe.&nbsp; It is against law to turn a free woman into a slave girl.&nbsp; You know what would happen to me if I were caught putting this on you?&nbsp; I would be sold in the market as a slave girl so you have nothing to worry about.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The young woman reluctantly agreed.&nbsp;&nbsp; She turned her back to the Amazon so she could fasten the black leather slave collar about her neck.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once Caroline had it secured, there was nothing Giselle could do to get free.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Put your hands behind your back.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Steel cuffs went on her wrists.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was now helpless.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Open your mouth for a gag.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Is this necessary?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Have you ever seen a slave girl without a gag?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes it is necessary.&nbsp; This is part of the fun.�&nbsp; As soon as the woman opened her mouth to reply, Caroline pushed the rubber ball between her teeth.&nbsp;&nbsp; She spun the helpless woman about to get at the ends of the strap behind her head.&nbsp; With the gag strap buckled and the collar on, she pulled the pins from Giselle&#8217;s hair, allowing the long tresses to fall down.
Caroline took the helpless captive by the shoulders to turn her around so they faced each other.&nbsp; She stepped back to look at her captive.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Perfect.&nbsp;&nbsp; No one will recognize you in that outfit.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can undergo a session and no one will recognize you.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Though there was nothing the young captive could do to stop her inevitable enslavement, a fuss would still embarrassment Caroline.&nbsp; She had to make things appear to be normal.&nbsp; Once Giselle had had her dozen or so orgasms, she would be so exhausted that she could not resist.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She attached a leash to the young woman&#8217;s collar, and used it to lead her into the main area.&nbsp;&nbsp; She felt resistance on the leash when she stepped through the door.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was only natural.&nbsp; Giselle did not want to go out in public dressed as she was.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was now bound and gagged so there was little she could do to stop Caroline from doing whatever she wanted to her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;But Caroline had her own plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; She wanted this to go off without a hitch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Stop resisting!&nbsp; You will only draw attention to yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know what happens to a slave girl who acts like you do?&nbsp; She is being spanked.&nbsp;&nbsp; You want to be rewarded, not punished.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That ended all resistance on Giselle&#8217;s part as she followed the woman the short distance down the hall to the room where Madison underwent one orgasm after another.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;m not the one who does this.&nbsp; I have to talk to one of the guards.&nbsp; She is in charge of rewarding the slave girls.&nbsp; She would think something was wrong if I did it without her participation.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she said that, the Amazon tethered Giselle to a ring next to the door.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She gave instructions for handling the young woman.&nbsp; She also gave instructions for further training for Laura and Madison.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the blonde&#8217;s training period was done, the guard freed her and led her outside.&nbsp; After tethering her to a ring on the other side of the door, she led Giselle inside.&nbsp; In less than two minutes the young woman struggled with her bondage as she rapidly approached her first orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guard led Madison to another training room.&nbsp; This was an ancillary one, used when there was a need to reward several slave girls at once, or to have another type of training.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Madison thought she was going to get another reward session as the guard bound her to the top of a bench in the same position she had been in before.&nbsp; Her legs were spread, her knees pulled back and to the sides so her pussy was visible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guard left, and for several minutes the young blonde thought about the excitement of being bound in such a revealing position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guard could not leave her station in the kennel, so she sent someone else up to get Laura.&nbsp; She thought nothing special of it.&nbsp; Their employer had taken an interest in a particular slave girl and wanted her trained to please.
When the second guard returned with Laura, the two took her into the room where Madison lay helplessly exposed.&nbsp; They led the young brunette around to the end where the blonde&#8217;s head was, before raising her in the air and setting her down so her pussy was immediately above Madison&#8217;s face.
They ignored the blonde at first, concentrating on the brunette.&nbsp; They freed her hands, only to lock them in leather cuffs at the side of the table.&nbsp; Once the gag was removed, the guard pushed Laura&#8217;s face down so her mouth was on the other woman&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; Laura needed no orders or threats.&nbsp; She simply began to lick.
Madison knew what was coming even before they free her arms so they could retie them so she had a firm hold on the brunette&#8217;s hips.&nbsp; Hands sought the buckle under her head.&nbsp; She bit down on the gag to try to keep the rubber ball in her mouth, but that accomplished nothing.&nbsp; The rubber ball came free from her mouth.&nbsp; A wedge-shaped prop was pushed under her head, raising her face so her mouth was on Laura&#8217;s pussy.
�Come on.�
A slap on her bare bottom told her to begin.&nbsp; As her body reacted to the brunette licking her pussy, she found herself responding by licking the labia before her.
Bound in a �69� position, the captives trained each other to respond.
Caroline saw none of this, as she was busy watching Giselle have one orgasm after another.
While this could be a reward, this could also be a punishment.&nbsp; The Amazon&#8217;s instructions were for the captives to remain bound there until further notice.&nbsp; In an emergency, if the other slave girl&#8217;s tongue seemed to grow tired, she could get a replacement.&nbsp; After several hours of this, the strongest slave girl could be made unconscious by her body&#8217;s reaction to the oral stimulation.
Caroline knew she would not need a replace tongue.&nbsp; She doubted Giselle had undergone multiple orgasms.&nbsp; If she had played with her parents&#8217; slave girls, she no doubt took a break when she grew tired.&nbsp; Helplessly bound as she was, there were no breaks for her, only one orgasm after another.&nbsp; The Amazon sat back smiling.&nbsp; All she had to do was wait.
When it was time, she went to the clerk to have Giselle brought out.&nbsp; The beautiful brunette could hardly walk.&nbsp; That was fine with the Amazon.&nbsp; The young captive could not resist at all when she attached a leash to her collar and used it to lead her from the building.
Every time the captive tried to resist, the Amazon would jerk on the collar, almost pulling her over.&nbsp; They had several blocks to walk.&nbsp; Caroline set a fast pace so it did not take long to arrive.
She knocked on the door in the alley.&nbsp; When no one responded, she did it a second time.&nbsp; The door opened only a few centimeters so the person inside could look out.&nbsp; Satisfied that it was a friend, Lana opened it the remainder of the way.
Caroline dragged Giselle inside.&nbsp; Pulling down sharply on the leash, she forced the captive to her knees.
 �How are our plans going?�
�Most of the merchandise is sold.&nbsp; The rest we are taking with us.�
�When do we leave town?�
�Tomorrow.�
�Can we make it tomorrow evening?&nbsp; I have a couple more packages I want to bring over.&nbsp; Meanwhile, will you do something with her?&nbsp; I need her to disappear.�
As easily as that, she solved the problem.&nbsp; Giselle no longer existed as a free woman.
There were few Amazons left, and those there were keeping guard to insure no sudden assault overwhelmed them.
Three women stood around discussing something low voices.&nbsp; She recognized two as sister Amazons.&nbsp; The third was a blonde.
�Who is the head of cattle?� she asked, referring to the blonde.
�Remember Foxy Roxy?&nbsp; She accepted our offer to become an Amazon.�











Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 118

With the reception less than a day away, Caroline made all the arrangements herself, now that she had permanently removed from the scene both the wicked stepmother and wicked stepdaughter.&nbsp; The reception would go on as scheduled.
The Amazon gave half a thought to absconding with her two captives then, but the Amazons were not ready to leave town that early in the day. They had a few loose ends to take care of.&nbsp; At Caroline&#8217;s insistence, they would be ready to leave during the reception.&nbsp; Hopefully, they would be out of town before anyone at the reception realized that their hostess and her evil stepdaughter were not present.&nbsp; If they timed things properly, they would pass through the city&#8217;s gates shortly before they closed for the night.&nbsp;&nbsp; Any pursuit would have to wait until morning.&nbsp; Things being what they were, after a good night&#8217;s sleep, no one would want to chase after an Amazon for the sake of two beautiful young women.&nbsp; 
After all, if the Amazons put a slave collar about their necks, didn&#8217;t that mean that they deserved it?
When she freed Laura and sent her back to work, she placed a gag in the evil stepmother&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; The multiple orgasms so exhausted Madison that she did not resist as the whipmistress pulled her to her feet.&nbsp; The Amazon spun her about so she lay facedown over the bench.&nbsp; In seconds, Caroline handcuffed her hands behind her back.
Madison appeared so weak from the ordeal, Caroline did not think she could walk to the discipline room.&nbsp; Besides, she did not want the others to see her resisting.&nbsp; All the slave girls owned by the Blaines were well trained.&nbsp; One who resisted would only bring attention to her.&nbsp; That was one thing Caroline did not want.
She pulled the blonde upright and turned her around.&nbsp; With no effort at all, she lifted her over one shoulder.&nbsp; In less than a minute Madison was in the punishment room.
The Amazon set her down before the spanking bar.&nbsp; Holding the blonde by the waist, she turned her around.&nbsp; A gentle shove caused the blonde to fall forward on the padded-bar.
Madison knew something was wrong, but she could do nothing about it at this point.&nbsp; The Amazon pulled a pair of black leather straps together over her lower back, pinning the captive to the top of the bar.&nbsp; Caroline stepped around to get at the blonde&#8217;s head.&nbsp; She squatted down to grab a chain attached to a ring on the floor.&nbsp; A hand on the back of her head pushed it down so she had no trouble attaching the end to her collar.&nbsp; Although the blonde could lower her head a few centimeters, she could not raise it more than the length of chain would allow.
Caroline was the Blaines&#8217; whipmistress.&nbsp; That was an administrative post that allowed her to decide what was to be done to each slave girl.&nbsp; She decided how much pleasure and how much pain.&nbsp; She decided how long, and how often.
She found one of her associates playing with the titties of a slave girl.&nbsp; The helpless captive lay on her back while the woman tapped her nipples.&nbsp; The rubber ball filling her mouth did not stop the sounds of anguish when she scored a direct hit.&nbsp; Most blows were to one side or the other.&nbsp; The slave girl could never tell when either tittie was about to be wracked with stabbing pain.
�I have a new slave girl in training room,� Caroline had to step back and twist her body around to see.&nbsp; �Training room 6.&nbsp; Get a couple of guys to help you.&nbsp; Give her about 20 whacks on the fanny and teach her to be a good cocksucker.�
Since she was going to terminate her employment with the Blaines, she decided to do what any good employee would do &#8211; steal everything not fastened down.
The two young women had money and jewelry, but those meant nothing to an Amazon.&nbsp; They did, however, own a large kennel of delectable slave girls.&nbsp; She made a list of which were the most desirable.&nbsp; She gave instructions so they will have certain tasks to do the day of the reception that would allow her to find them easily.
When she had given the mistress and guard final instructions, she left to go to the Amazons&#8217; compound.&nbsp; She wanted to insure everything was ready for her.
She found Roxanne still undergoing her training.&nbsp; Lana had bags under her eyes from training the blonde for hours without interruption.
 �Okay, Roxy, this is one of the hardest things to do.&nbsp; You have to tie up a slave girl so securely that she won&#8217;t even think of trying to escape.�
The tall blonde was not the only Amazon recruit undergoing training.&nbsp; Janice was another.&nbsp; She was much more petite and, most importantly, a brunette.
�Janice, why don&#8217;t you let Roxanne practice on you first?�
�Sure.&nbsp; What do you want me to do?�
�Let&#8217;s make this authentic.&nbsp; Why don&#8217;t you take off all your clothes and let Roxy put you in a hogtie.�
The blonde had seen it done several times, but she was uncertain just what went into making a woman helpless in this bondage position.&nbsp; The two Amazons training her gave her detailed instructions.
When she was finished, Janice struggled but could not get free.&nbsp; She did not try very hard.
�Okay, Roxy, it is your turn.�
Janice had stripped down so willingly that the blonde needed no further encouragement.&nbsp; In a matter of seconds, her long body with those large bulbous titties was visible.
�Now, what do I do?� Janice asked innocently.
�First, Roxy has to lay on the floor on her front.&nbsp; That is it.&nbsp; Put your hands together behind your back.�
Knowing how to make her helpless, it did not take the brunette long to bind the blonde&#8217;s hands behind her back.&nbsp; She moved from there to her thighs and ankles.
�Can we do something different?&nbsp; How about if I loop a rope about her upper arms so they are tied to her body?�
�That would be different.&nbsp; Roxy, do you need help getting to your knees?�
�I think I can make it.�
She tried, but she needed help.&nbsp; She sat on her haunches as Janice looped the rope about her upper arms.&nbsp; She made four loops altogether, two above those jutting mounds, two below.
�How do I tie this?�
That was the signal.&nbsp;&nbsp; Janice&#8217;s actions of tying the ends of the rope together distracted the blonde.&nbsp; An Amazon rammed a rubber ballgag into her mouth.
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
The buxom blonde tried to protest but we all know how that would turn out.&nbsp; Janice dropped the ends of the rope to grab Roxanne by the head, forcing her upper body down toward her knees.&nbsp; As she did that, she moved around the captive so she stood at her head.&nbsp; The woman easily pulled the ends of the leather strap together behind her head.&nbsp; In seconds, the strap was buckled into a small loop that kept the rubber ball securely in her mouth.
�Remember you said I could go first because I let her tie me up.�
As it turned out, Janice needed no training on how to be an Amazon, because she already was one.
Two of the few remaining Amazons pulled the captive to her feet.&nbsp; One hefted the tall blonde over her shoulder.
By the time Janice was dressed, they had the naked blonde stretched out over a spanking bar.&nbsp; Her bound feet were at one end of the base, while her head was near the other end.&nbsp; Cords insured she could not move from that position.
Draped over the spanking bar, the highest part of her body was her bare bottom.
�Smile, Roxy, and just think about how much you wanted to be an Amazon.�
Whack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
A red spot formed on the blonde&#8217;s right bottomcheek as Janice took aim at the other.
Whack!
�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
The Amazon moved around to the other side of the captive.&nbsp; She did not intend to pummel her body from that direction, but she wanted to drag out the punishment.&nbsp; She had nothing else to do for the remainder of the day.
�Are you sure we will have papers for her?&nbsp; Tall blondes with boobies this big are not that common.�
�If we run short, we will just take the papers off another slave girl and sell her &#8216;as is.&#8217;&nbsp; You know the guards at the gate will compare the number of slave girls to the numbers of papers we have.&nbsp; As long as they match, they will not look to see if the papers match the description of a particular slave girl.�
�Send somebody by stately Blaine Manor tomorrow about three.&nbsp; I have a pick up of fifteen slave girls.&nbsp; If we don&#8217;t have the papers for them, see if you can&#8217;t find a quick buyer.�
The day of the big reception found the slave girls busy cleaning the house.&nbsp; They dusted and cleaned everywhere, going over each surface, once, twice, and again.
The mistress of the house was not to be seen during the preparations.&nbsp; That was unusual but it sparked no interest.&nbsp; Everyone knew Madison was not only the evil stepmother; she was pretty much an overall bitch.&nbsp; They had heard her yell and complain about everything.&nbsp; At some time or another she had sharply criticized every member of the household staff.&nbsp; They knew she was not there to harass them while they oversaw the work of the slave girls.&nbsp; The job went faster without her interference.
That is not to say Madison was not present.&nbsp; Caroline had them dress her in one of those darling French Maids outfits.&nbsp; Since she was pretty much useless when it came to learning any new tasks, Caroline had her stand outside the front door.
There was no chance she would run off.&nbsp; After all, where would she run?&nbsp; As insurance, they had her shackled with a short hobble chain and she was tethered to a ring on the railing to the front door.
And what was she doing?
She stood there with her hands bound to a small metal bucket.&nbsp; A chain from three sides to her collar kept her from spilling the contents on the ground.
The contents were anything that anyone wanted to get ride of.&nbsp; Cigarette butts?&nbsp; Chewing gum?&nbsp; Trash of all sorts?
Just dump them in the little metal pail.
Fortunately, Madison was not alone.&nbsp; While she stood tethered to the right railing, Laura, the evil stepdaughter, stood tethered to the left railing.
The guard who put them there added a little spice to the situation.
�I hear that whoever has the less trash, gets a solid thrashing.�
Not only did they have to accept trash from strangers (and, occasionally, from people they knew), they had to try to drum up business by waving the cans at people to attract their attention.&nbsp; No one recognized them as they were dressed as slave girls.
The Amazon was not idle during this time.&nbsp; She had delegated all responsibilities for the reception to others.&nbsp; Her immediate task was collecting the fifteen slave girls she had selected to abscond with.&nbsp; She collected them together near the door to the kennel.&nbsp; A quick head count told her something was wrong.&nbsp; She had eighteen.
She compared the number she had written down with the numbers on collars.&nbsp; In less than ten minutes she identified the three not on her list.
She had each stand before her so she could inspect each.&nbsp; The slave girl turned slowly so she could inspect their bodies.
How had she missed these three?
There was an old axiom that there no was such thing as too many slave girls.&nbsp; She added these three to the coffle containing fifteen.
She attached a leash to the collar of the slave girl in front.&nbsp; A jerk told the captive to walk outside.
Caroline led the line toward the alley.&nbsp; When the last had exited the manor, she stopped the line.&nbsp; Facing the building, they bent over until their faces were almost against the wall.
A couple minutes before three, an Amazon arrived on horseback.
�I have three more than I planned on.&nbsp; Can we handle it?�
�I&#8217;ll have to discuss it with the others.&nbsp; Three should not make much difference.�
Caroline waited until almost last minute before retrieving Madison and Laura.&nbsp; Since they were already dressed as French Maids, there was no need to change their costumes.&nbsp; She did, however, change their hair.&nbsp; Instead of allowing their long hair to flow down over their shoulders and ample bosom, she formed them into pigtails on the sides of their heads.&nbsp; In other words, their hair became handlebars.
When the guests arrived, the two were with the group of slave girls at the door to help the visitors coming with their capes, hats, riding crops etc. Neither Madison nor Laura had ever participated in this type of activity before. Always before they hosted a party.&nbsp; They had assumed the slave girls would take care of their guests.&nbsp; They did not know what they did.&nbsp; 
A whipmistress stood in the background, menacing the slave girls to insure they behaved
The two recognized almost everyone who came to the party, but there was nothing they could do to communicate to them.&nbsp; They did not dare try, not only because they would be severely punished, but also because they did not want their friends and acquaintances to know what happened to them.&nbsp; They were well aware of the law in the town.&nbsp; Since they wore collars, they were slave girls.&nbsp; While Caroline might get in trouble for doing this to them, they would not be free.&nbsp; They could only do what other people wanted them to do.
They carried the items to the large cloakroom that was manned by a pair of experienced slave girls.&nbsp; They gave each French Maid a little tag as a receipt before hanging up the items.
The first couple Madison dealt with were the Viscount and Countess di Tutti.&nbsp; Members of the old aristocracy, they looked down on the nouveau riche such as the Blaines.&nbsp; The Countess had always treated Madison as though she was some sort of servant.&nbsp; And here she was, dressed as a French Maid and wearing a collar.
The buxom blonde took the countess&#8217;s cloak and got in line at the cloakroom.&nbsp; She returned with the receipt tag.&nbsp; The countess ignored her.&nbsp; The Viscount took the receipt and reward Madison for her exceptional service by squeezing her left tit (when the countess was looking the other way).
Most of the French Maids went from the doorway to other rooms to serve the guests.&nbsp; Some would walk around the rooms carrying trays with drinks.&nbsp; Others were placed motionless in strategic places about the house.&nbsp; They stood on platforms from which rose steel shafts.&nbsp; They were impaled on the shafts so they could not move.&nbsp; In their hands were silver trays where the guests could deposit their glasses.&nbsp; A slave girl did not have to move to bring pleasure to a master or mistress.&nbsp; 
About six or eight slave girls had pigtails like Madison and Laura.&nbsp; They were converted into an anteroom outside the men&#8217;s bathroom.&nbsp; The eight were placed on their knees with their backs to a wall.&nbsp; Shackles were placed on their ankles.&nbsp; A wooden pole ran from their ankles to their collars.&nbsp;&nbsp; The end where there ankles were, there was a leather strap that encircled them.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They strapped it tight then moved the pole so that the ring on the other end was against the ring on the collar.&nbsp; When a padlock was attached.&nbsp; The slave girl could not move.&nbsp; She could only maintain that position.
Madison did not know what was going on.&nbsp; She had never been in this part of the house when there was a party.&nbsp; She did not know why they had brought her down there.
She quickly found out.
A man removed the ballgag from the blonde to her left.&nbsp; He already had his rigid cock out.&nbsp; He held the blonde by her pigtails as she pulled her head forward.&nbsp; His cock slid into her mouth and out again.
Madison realized what she was expected to do in this position.&nbsp; She fought her bondage, but the handcuffs holding her hands behind her back were made of steel.&nbsp; She could not slip her hands through the small circles of steel.&nbsp; She was helpless.
It was her turn.
The rubber ball was removed from her mouth.&nbsp; A man quickly replaced it with his cock.&nbsp; She did not want to do this, but there was nothing else she could do.&nbsp; She knew they would severely punish her in public if she did not performing adequately.
She sucked as best she could.&nbsp; The man used his grip on her hair to move her head backwards and forward as he thrust his groin forward.&nbsp; The end of his shaft continued to batter against the back of her mouth.&nbsp; She was glad when he finally withdrew his cock and reinserted the ball again.
�At least that is over.�
At least it was over for now.&nbsp; Other men entering the room wanted service.&nbsp; Once in a while a man insisted on testing every one of the kneeling slave girls. Madison had to wonder how she performed compared to the others.&nbsp; She did not know that Laura knelt three slave girls to her left.
Caroline realized that before the party was over someone would be looking for the mistress of the house.&nbsp; It was time to escape, not only from stately Blaine Manor but also from the town.&nbsp; The Amazons were ready.&nbsp; She entered the room to inspect the slave girls.&nbsp; It took her a little while the finally she identified which ones were Madison and Laura.&nbsp; She freed Laura from the pole first.&nbsp; Attaching a leash to her collar, she used it to bring the beautiful blonde to her feet and lead her into the hallway where she tethered her to the ring on the wall.&nbsp; The she went looking for Madison.&nbsp; Evil stepmother joined the evil stepdaughter in the hall.
Caroline left them while she went down to stable to get her horse.&nbsp; She did not want anyone to interrupt her.&nbsp; This was the most hazardous part of the plot.&nbsp; When she was ready to ride, she returned to the hallway.&nbsp; The two slave girls were where she had left them.&nbsp; She could not tell if anything had happened to them, not that she cared.&nbsp; There was no telling how many men and women had fondled their bottoms or caressed their titties.
It did not matter though.&nbsp; They were slave girls.&nbsp; They had to expect this behavior.
After all, there only function in life was to bring pleasure to others.
She led them through the house and down to the slave kennels.&nbsp; They exited the manor through the main door where she had tethered her horse.&nbsp; She attached one leash to the ring on each side of the saddle so the two would have to follow her side-by-side.&nbsp; She mounted and started the horse off at a quick walk.
Legs flashed as stiletto heels struck the pavement.&nbsp; In a matter of minutes they arrived at the Amazon&#8217;s compound.
�Take care of these two, will you?�
She tossed the reins of the horse to one of the Amazons who prepared the horses for their escape from town.&nbsp; They had less than an hour before the city gates closed. 
�So how are things progressing?�
�Pretty good.&nbsp; The slave girls are all bound in a coffle, ready to go.�
Carolina looked around.&nbsp; About thirty or forty slave girls waited patiently.&nbsp; They were not the most beautiful or had the biggest tits.
�What are we going to do with these?�
�We needed some money so we decided to sell about half of our stock.�
All the slave girls had their �papers,� except of Laura and Madison.&nbsp; She had not expected to take them out of town.&nbsp; She wanted to leave them in town so they would suffer the humiliation of serving people they knew.&nbsp; She knew it took time note to arrange the sale of a slave.
�How are we going to sell them?&nbsp; We are running out of time.�
One Amazon smiled at her.
�Don&#8217;t worry.&nbsp; Canjac said he would take care of us.�
I can see another happy ending to this story also.










Chapter 119

Canjac told Peggy he had special plans for Saturday night, but did not tell her what was going on.&nbsp; She knew he continually found new and imaginative ways to bind her so she looked forward to Saturday.
In her enthusiasm she told her friends what was going on as she dressed.&nbsp; She did not wear anything special, as she knew it would come off as soon as she reached Canjac&#8217;s compound.
She recounted an abbreviated version of her last date &#8211; how he had taken her to the theater to see the play �Enslavement of the Sabine Women.�&nbsp; Rather than be part of the audience, she joined&nbsp; other young women who had volunteered to be part of the cast.
The mechanics of the play were simple.&nbsp; It consisted of two men and two women with speaking parts.&nbsp; The remainder of the cast consisted of the Sabine women.&nbsp; There were two groups of them.&nbsp; Peggy was in the first.&nbsp; They were herded together by the men brandishing spears with which to threaten them.&nbsp; The men bound hands behind backs and gagged them before shoving them toward the women.&nbsp; They had to kneel to accept collars.&nbsp; They then moved into a cage where they were kept until all had been bound and collared.
The men then pulled the captives out from the cage one at a time.&nbsp; This is where a bit of stage trickery took place.&nbsp; Free women played the part of women being enslaved.&nbsp; They were replaced by slave girls who played &#8211; well, they played the slave girls.&nbsp; (Talk about type casting!)&nbsp; The slave girls were stripped and spanked.
�What does he have planned for tonight?� 
�I don&#8217;t know.&nbsp; He never tells me beforehand.&nbsp; All I know is that he said he had special plans for me.�
�Can we go with you?� asked Becky.
Peggy had to be a little suspicious of her friends.
�Why?�
�We want to play with Zoe and Patrice.�&nbsp; Chloe joined in, a joyful glee in their voices.
�You do know there will be a cost, don&#8217;t you?&nbsp; He&#8217;s not going to let you play with them unless you are dressed as a slave girl and wearing some form of bondage.�
�We have done it before.&nbsp; We can do it again.�
Oh! the words of the na�ve.&nbsp; Becky never thought that there could be worse ways to be bound than she had at the racetrack.&nbsp; Peggy could have illuminated her, but since she enjoyed being bound helpless, she assumed Becky and Chloe enjoyed it also.
The tall brunette knew there was more than immediate bondage if they continued to play with Canjac.&nbsp; She figured they would end up wearing a slave collar. She enjoyed it so no reason why they would object
�Sure.&nbsp; But you go there on my terms.�
The two agreed.&nbsp; They assumed that their friend wanted to insure that she kept them away from Canjac.&nbsp; They had no interest in him, only in his slave girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She pulled out a couple cloaks.&nbsp; She 
had a variety of colors.&nbsp; She needed them for the same reason these two needed them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You wear these.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Its not cold outside.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�To hide these.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She held up a pair of handcuffs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That is how they went to Canjac&#8217;s compound.&nbsp; Becky and Chloe had their hands cuffed behind their backs, but the cloaks hid their bondage.&nbsp; Once she had them helpless, Peggy had stuffed a scarf in the mouth of each, and used another to hold the first in place.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bound and gagged &#8211; what a way to go out in public! 
Canjac expected Peggy to arrive alone.&nbsp; The other two might were an interesting diversion.&nbsp; He thought at first they wanted to go to the bondage party, then he remembered he had not told Peggy where they were going.
�It&#8217;s nice to see the two of you again.�
�We want to play with Zoe and Patrice again!� Once again they cried out in unison.
He looked at Peggy who smiled.
�We know there is a cost.&nbsp; Peggy said there would be.&nbsp; We are willing to pay it,� Becky said with delight.&nbsp; She held her hands out in front of her.&nbsp; �Go ahead and tie me up.�
�It will take me a while to find Zoe and Patrice.&nbsp; You know that all slave girls look pretty much the same.�
�We&#8217;re ready to start!�
Canjac waved one of his men over to them.&nbsp; �Find an empty training room.�&nbsp; Turning to Becky and Chloe he added,&nbsp; �Get undressed.&nbsp; You should find gags and handcuffs in there.&nbsp; You can get started.�
The men led them down a hallway to an empty room.&nbsp; He entered and went to a drawer.&nbsp; He found a couple ballgags and handcuffs, which he placed on top.&nbsp; Smiling at the two, he left the room.
Becky and Chloe quickly stripped down without hesitation..&nbsp; They once naked they raced for the cabinet with the cuffs, gags and leashes.
Having practiced a few times at home, it did not take them long to insert the ballgags and fasten the straps behind their heads.&nbsp; They pulled pins from their hair allowing it to fall down. 
All the remained were the handcuffs.&nbsp; Once they had them on, they were helpless.&nbsp; Becky had led the way.&nbsp; She knelt facing the floor.&nbsp; Chloe followed her example.
As has been explained often, all naked slave girls look pretty much the same.&nbsp; You can divide them into blonde and brunettes.&nbsp; Some have larger tits than others.&nbsp; Some are taller and some are shorter.&nbsp; Trying to identify a couple of slave girls 
within Canjac&#8217;s compound was an impossible task.&nbsp; The man Canjac had sent on this errand returned without success.
�I didn&#8217;t expect you to find them, but they don&#8217;t know that.�
He turned away to think.&nbsp; He wanted to get to the party. These two new women were a delightful diversion, but they were not the main show for the evening.
�Find me a couple.&nbsp; Brunettes, I think.&nbsp; Bring them into training room 8C.&nbsp; Put them in the devices.&nbsp; Let me know when you are done.�&nbsp; 
He retrieved two pairs of pink patent leather high heels for the two to wear.&nbsp; He took a step down the hall toward the room where the two waited.&nbsp; He spun about to get two leather collars from the cabinet.
�Almost forget these,� he mumbled to himself.
He stuck the collars in a pocket.&nbsp; He wanted the shoes on first.
As he approached the door, he tossed one pair of sandals to Peggy.&nbsp; She followed him into the room, and when he knelt before the young woman on the left, she did the same to the other.&nbsp; In seconds, they wore the high heels.
He handed the leather slave collar to Peggy.&nbsp; They squealed when they realized what the two were doing to them.
�Hush, hush.&nbsp; You have to be dressed for the part if you are going to play the game.�
They were done before the man came to the room.&nbsp; With their hair down, neither captive could see well behind them.&nbsp; Canjac motioned Peggy to follow him toward the door.&nbsp; The two could only look about without knowing what was going on.
The two slave girls chosen as substitutes for Zoe and Patrice lay on training benches in the room.&nbsp; Since Canjac wanted his slave girls to please men, he needed a special training device to help do that.
The slave girls lay on their backs on the benches.&nbsp; Their arms were locked under the bench so they were out of the way.&nbsp; Half a dozen black leather straps across shins, thighs, waists and abdomens kept the two pinned to the benches, unable to move 
any part of their bodies except their heads. 
Before strapping their legs to the bench, the man had inserted a rubber cogwheel between their legs.&nbsp; A hexagonal pin went into a hole in the bench.&nbsp; A complicated series of gears connected the hole with a ring at the head.
Each slave girl wore a double-dildo gag in her mouth, a fifteen-centimeter shaft rising in the air.
Metal supports positioned above their shoulders were for the thighs of another slave girl.&nbsp; 
Canjac led his slave girl to it and had her straddle the reclining slave girl&#8217;s head.&nbsp; With a little adjustment, he inserted the dildo into her pussy.&nbsp; A wooden wedge shoved under her head 
made it impossible for the slave girl to lower her head so the dildo would come out.
To insure the two remained in that position, he fastened a pair of leather straps across her thighs, pinning her to the blocks.
Peggy saw what he was doing and did the same to her slave girl.
He squatted 
at the end of the bench to fasten a short chain to the ring on the back of the harness.
He had done this often before so it took only a couple minutes to get the second slave girl strapped to the bench.
Peggy meanwhile moved to the first bench to look at the captive.&nbsp; She looked up at Canjac with a puzzled look on her face.
�That&#8217;s, uh��
�I know.�
A pair of poles ran from the sides of the benches, converging at her neck.&nbsp; He attached one to each side of the collar.
The captive could not lower her bottom toward the bench.

However, she could raise it to force the dildo all the way in.
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
�I thought you would enjoy that.�
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
Each time the slave girl on the bottom raised her head, she pulled on the chain that set into operation a system of gears.&nbsp; The result was that the cylinder touching her pussy lips rotated once.&nbsp; It was not enough to give her a real thrill, merely enough to tease her.&nbsp; By jerking her head up and down rapidly though, she could arouse herself.&nbsp; With enough effort, she could even get an orgasm.
By then though, the captive sitting on her face would have come half a dozen or so times.
�Get the other one, will you?�
Charlie tried to look over as she passed Dana.
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
In a few minutes she was bound as securely as Dana was.
As with most of the other training devices, the kneeling captive could do nothing but get one orgasm after another.&nbsp; She could thrash around in her bondage, but that would only 
make it so she associated helplessness with pleasure.
�We 
have a party to go to.&nbsp; We&#8217;ll look in on you when we get back.�
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
As they walked down the hall toward his office, Peggy had to ask, �Do you plan on letting them go?�
�Do you see a reason to?�
�No.�
Talk about a perfect couple!
�I 
have a present for you.�
He handed her a package. Peggy tore it open. Inside was a long, white dress.
�What is this for?�
�We are going to a private party sponsored by the Bondage Society.�
Peggy&#8217;s eyes opened wide.&nbsp; She had heard about that group but did not know that Canjac belong.&nbsp; (He was only the �A� list with anything that dealt with bondage or slave girls.)&nbsp; 
The Bondage Society was collection of women who enjoyed being bound in public, just like Peggy.&nbsp; They heard events where their members were treated like slave girls, only without the collars.&nbsp; Since none of them wore collars, there was no legal restriction on what they did.&nbsp; The group and its membership were 
very secretive.&nbsp; Peggy would have joined years before had they held a membership drive.
Since the dress was white, she put on white, patent leather sandals with fifteen centimeters stiletto heels.
The dress went over her head and buttoned up the back.
The beautiful brunette looked at herself in the mirror.
Did I forget to mention that the dress was rather sheer.&nbsp; It did little to hid Peggy&#8217;s ample charms.
�I like this,� she said, pulling on the edge in back.
The dress 
had a slit up the back that was doubled over as it approached her buttocks.&nbsp; The result was that the dress appeared to be one continuous piece of material, but if the wearer bent over, the thrust of her bottom would cause the material to part at the slit, allowing access to her pussy.
Everything was covered and yet everything was visible.&nbsp; Except that it was an ankle-length gown, it was an outfit befitting a slave girl.
�I 
have a special singleglove for you.�
The bondage device was so small he could hold it wadded up in his hand.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When he took one corner between a thumb and index finger, it fell out to show the shape of the singleglove.&nbsp; What 
made this one so unique was that it was made of silk.
Peggy needed no orders or directions about what to do.&nbsp; As she turned her back toward Canjac, she placed her arms behind her back, clasping her hands together.&nbsp; 
He inserted her hands in the pocket at the end and wrapped the device about her arms.
Silk was the ideal material.&nbsp; Lightweight, it was almost ornamental with its simmering glossiness.&nbsp; Silk, though, was extremely tough material.&nbsp; With the edges laced 
together with a silk cord, she could not pull the singleglove apart.&nbsp; The silk was a strong as leather and formed just as effective a restricting tool.
After knotting the ends of the silk cord together, he pulled a silk strap from the right side of the singleglove over her left shoulder.&nbsp; The end passed through a&nbsp; buckle before snapping to the side of the singleglove silk flap covered the snap, secured by a small button.&nbsp; She could not undo the end of the strap on her own.
Once he had the other silk strap secured, she was&nbsp; helpless.
He 
had a ballgag for her.&nbsp; Matching the motif of her outfit, 
both the rubber ball and the leather strap were white.&nbsp; He buckled the ends of the strap together at her neck before removing the pins so her long hair could fall down freely.
The Bondage Society held the party.&nbsp; Canjac&#8217;s women usually wore slave collars but he maintained a professional interest in anything dealt with women being bound and helpless.&nbsp; His attendance at the Society&#8217;s functions was few and far between but he paid his monthly dues.
The Bondage Society was a group who interests were much the same as Peggy&#8217;s &#8211; women who enjoyed, once a week, being bound and used as slave girls.&nbsp; The people who brought them to the party might be a husband, a boyfriend, a girl friend, or just an acquaintance.&nbsp; 
Because of the highly irregular operation, many people talked about the Bondage Society, but few people admitted knowing anything about it.
Canjac had his men prepare a coach and four.&nbsp; Before leaving the room, he used another silk cord to tie the brunette&#8217;s ankles together.&nbsp; When it came time to go to the coach, he slung her over his right shoulder and carried her there.

Carefully he climbed up on this, with his luscious cargoes to slide across his shoulder.&nbsp;&nbsp; He slid her off his shoulder and into his arms as he sat down.&nbsp;&nbsp; He let her way across his lap with her bare bottom on top.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was ready to go.&nbsp;&nbsp; After releasing the brake, he let the reins a couple times in order the pony girls to go.
The naked captives pulling the coach had no idea where he wanted them to go, but since they were only pony girls, there was no need them to know. He used the reins to guide them about town.
Because its existence was only semi-legal, the functions of the Bondage Society were kept secret.&nbsp; These 
functions were not held at the same place or with 
any 
degree of regularity.
He finally pulled them to a stop in front of the Inn of the Shackled Maidens.&nbsp; When stepped out, a slave girl, naked except for the white satin skirt, rushed up to him.&nbsp;&nbsp; She knelt, waiting for his orders.&nbsp;&nbsp; He handed her the reins before turning his attention back to the carriage.&nbsp; He lifted Peggy over his shoulder again.&nbsp;&nbsp; He carried her as far as the inner door before setting her on the ground.&nbsp;&nbsp; From there, she had to walk.
The Bondage Society was open to almost anything at its social 
functions.&nbsp;&nbsp; There were innumerous naked women bound in various positions that offered their bodies to the men and women in the Society.&nbsp; As Canjac and Peggy entered the main ballroom a coffle of free women paraded past.&nbsp; Each had her hands tied behind her back.&nbsp; Each supported a shiny red ballgag.&nbsp; They were connected together by chains.&nbsp; A woman wearing a full-length evening gown led the group, controlling its movement with a chain.&nbsp; She held one end.&nbsp; The other was locked around the neck of the first captive. A padlock locked the end of the next chain to the loop about the first woman&#8217;s neck.
To 
provide a contrast between the woman leading them, and the captives, each captive wore a plaid miniskirt.
Canjac headed toward the middle of the room where a contest was 
underway.&nbsp; Five women stood in a line.&nbsp;&nbsp; Each had many ropes about her arms and legs so she could not move.&nbsp;&nbsp; Each had her arms bound behind her back, From her hands a rope ran up to a ring on the 
ceiling and back down to her wrists.
They had to stand bent over.&nbsp; Each wore an ankle length tight skirt.&nbsp; From the waist up they were naked.
Perched atop the head of each was a full glass of water.&nbsp; To keep it from falling off, each woman had to keep her head upright.
The contest was to see which captive could maintain this position for the longest. If she tried to change her position at all, she would spill the water.
Canjac pulled Peggy closer to him..
�Would you like to try this one?�
Peggy did not answer, not fully understand what was going on.
The position was extremely are awkward and even more painful for the captives.&nbsp;&nbsp; A woman could maintain this position for only so long before she had to move her body.&nbsp; Shortly after the two stopped, the woman second from the left twitched, sending the glass crashing to the floor.&nbsp; One jerked her body at the noise.&nbsp; The third lasted on a few minutes longer.
The remaining two were in obvious distress, but each had resolved that she was going to be the winner.
As you can imagine, a fate almost worse than death awaited those who failed.&nbsp; A man took the first woman, a second the second and another man the third.&nbsp; 
They led the captives across the room where a track ran along the outer edges of the room.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hanging down from this track was a chain.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once again they threaded the ropes through the ring at the bottom of the chain.&nbsp; By pulling on the other end of the chain, they shortened the length of chain to the rope.&nbsp;&nbsp; The net result was that each captive was bound in the same position in which she had been before.
Whack!
The first captive started forward.&nbsp; She could not walk quickly in this position.&nbsp; But that did not matter.&nbsp; With each step, one bottomcheek pressed against the tight material.
The track guided where she was to go.&nbsp;&nbsp; As she walked through their crowd, men and women could not resist the chance to whack her on the bottom.&nbsp;&nbsp; Their interest in her was short-lived as they were immediately drawing to the next captive coming along behind her.&nbsp; She also was bent over so she presented her ass as a target to everyone she passed.
Canjac knew the men and women here.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some were slavers such as he, others were just acquaintances.&nbsp;&nbsp; One or two were even customers of his.&nbsp;&nbsp; He soon found a woman who had an interesting idea for Peggy.
With the help of a couple of women, he strapped a dildo harness to her head.&nbsp;&nbsp; He then had her kneel with her head between the woman&#8217;s legs.&nbsp;&nbsp; The woman had removed her long skirt.&nbsp;&nbsp; Underneath she wore nothing.
Peggy found herself salivating on the dildo in her mouth. She could not wait to get the dildo into the woman&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just to insure she did it, Canjac and another man guided her head forward until the tip of the shaft was inside the woman.&nbsp; Peggy jerked her head forward and back and few centimeters.&nbsp; She could not pull the dildo out as the woman 
had a death grip on her head with her hands.
Canjac moved about the room to see what was going on. 
Britini Beason was there because she had lost a bet.&nbsp; Her friend Crystal directed her to go to Good Times Journeys.&nbsp; Rather than a travel agency, it specialized in placing women in bondage.
Britini arrived at the function bound and gagged.&nbsp; As with Peggy, she was not allowed to know where it was.&nbsp; A black leather blindfold insured she remained ignorant.&nbsp; At the Inn, she was led into a small private room where she was ordered to undressed.
She ended up in one of the larger party rooms wearing a leather harness.&nbsp; Straps encircled her body, pinning her arms to her body.&nbsp; Her arms were locked behind her back.
She wore a ballgag harness to insure her silence.&nbsp; The chin strap forced her to keep her jaw clenched, teeth down on the ball so she could 
make no sound at all.
Riveted to the harness in back was a large ring.&nbsp; Bitini was maneuvered about until she stood under a chain that dangled down from the 
ceiling.&nbsp; A hook was attached to the ring in back.&nbsp; By shortening the chain, they pulled her body off the air.
She could not believe things could get worse but they did.&nbsp; A woman working for the company inserted a spreader bar between her ankles.&nbsp; They then pulled her up a few more centimeters until her cunt was at eyelevel.
What torment!&nbsp; Her most prized possession was on display for anyone to look at.&nbsp; Worse than that, no one was interested in only looking.&nbsp; What they wanted to do was play with her.&nbsp; She thrashed about, but could not scream.
Veronica wasn&#8217;t there though she was supposed to be.
Anita had told her about the Club and about the Bondage Society though she had no experience with the 
latter.&nbsp; Anita extolled the virtues of being bound and helpless in public.&nbsp; No, it was 
not the same as being bound and helpless in public.&nbsp; No once saw her face.&nbsp; Her best friend could see her bound and gagged, naked except for the ropes and gagged, and would not recognize her.
To digress, as Canjac passed through the spreadeagle rooms, he saw a young blonde bound spreadeagle between two poles.&nbsp; Just as with Veronica, her friends had told her what fun it was to go out in public undressed as a slave girl.&nbsp; She told her husband that it was girls&#8217; night out.&nbsp; He agreed, He and the guys were going out.
What a coincidence!&nbsp; Her husband 
had a friend who 
had a friend who was in the Bondage Society.&nbsp; He moved among the human exhibits, playing with bare titties and exposed pussies.&nbsp; He came by where his wife was on display.&nbsp; He pinched a tittie and fondled her cunt before moving on without realizing who she was.
Back to Veronica.
She arrived at the club&#8217;s office early.&nbsp; They said she needed to dress before they took her to the Bondage Society&#8217;s 
function.
The office was small, just a reception area and a few offices.&nbsp; Melanie handed her a package and directed her to one of the small offices to change.
The offices were used only as dressing rooms.&nbsp; Three other women arrived under the same pretense used to lure Veronica.
She discovered it did not take long to get dressed.&nbsp; The minidress was short and flared.&nbsp; Raising it over her head, pulled it down.&nbsp; It covered her rump and little else.&nbsp; At least they gave her panties.&nbsp; They were black satin so they contrasted with the red-and-white-checkered 
pattern of the dress.&nbsp; She had shoes too &#8211; fifteen centimeter spike high heels.&nbsp; She strapped them to her feet, realizing they could come off only if the buckles were undone.
A rap at the door.
�Are you ready?
A woman entered the room to bind her.&nbsp; 
�Put your hands together behind your back.�
The first rope went about her wrists.&nbsp; Six loops to bind her, six cinches to insure those loops remained snug against her flesh.&nbsp; The second rope went about her upper arms at the elbows.
The effect of these ropes kept her from being able to move her arms much to either side.&nbsp; Resistance would be 
minimal.
�Let me do something with your hair.�
She formed it into a pair of pigtails high on the sides of Veronica&#8217;s head.&nbsp; 
This gave everyone an unobstructed view of her neck.
That was important to the business.

Now that she was bound, could a gag be far behind?
The ballgag 
had a simple buckle that 
any could open in seconds.&nbsp; With her arms bound, Veronica could not remove the gag, but anyone else who wanted access to her mouth could.
One at a time they led each young woman down the hall and through a door that led to a different establishment.&nbsp; The woman led her into a small woman that was soundproof.&nbsp; 
�Stand here and bend over.�
The captive woman bent at the waist.&nbsp; The woman grabbed her bound hands with her left and pulled up.&nbsp; Her right grabbed a cord dangling down from the 
ceiling.&nbsp; At the end was a hook.&nbsp; She hooked it through the loops.&nbsp; The forced the woman to remain bent over.
�You won&#8217;t be needing these.�
She pulled the panties off.
As it was, this club was only a front organization.
The company next door catered to men who enjoyed having sex with captive women who were not slave girls.&nbsp; Veronica could kick and thrash about, but she could not stop anyone from fucking her.
And since she had signed up to go to the Bondage Society, she could not complain to anyone.&nbsp; The humiliation of being exposed would be worst than what they did to her.
Kari did not want to be at the function, but her boss blackmailed her.
That was how she stood in a room straddling an impaling rod.&nbsp; A man and a woman stood to the sides with switches.&nbsp; If she stopped, one of them would whack her on the bottom with a switch.&nbsp; A second man stood her front of her with a switch. As Kari moved up and down, her nipples brushed against the switch.
Canjac stopped to look at each bound woman.&nbsp; When he stopped in front of Kari, her boss backed away moved to her left.&nbsp; She kept another person between her and the slaver.&nbsp; When he moved to his left, away from her, she nudged the person in front of her.
�Do you know who that is?�
�Him?&nbsp; You don&#8217;t know about Canjac?�
Her eyes followed him through the room until he disappeared from sight in the crowd.
No one noticed the evil gleam in Erin&#8217;s eyes.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 120


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy walked quickly down the street through the hustle and bustle of the city crowds.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hustle and bustle of the city crowds &#8211; an interesting concept since it seems that the only people in town who do anything are the slavers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She started to turn left at the first major intersection, but changed her mind.&nbsp; She continued straight ahead through the town square.&nbsp; Disobedient little slave girls were placed here for public humiliation and punishment.&nbsp; While it was possible for a private citizen to arrange for one of his or her slave girls to be placed her, most were in violation of some city law, the most common violation being that of trying to run away.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Since slave girls were kept bound and gagged, there was little they could do to get their freedom.&nbsp; There was a red zone inside the city gates in which a slave girl had to be on a leash.&nbsp; The only hope a slave girl had of escape was getting out of the city, and adequate precautions were taken to insure that did not occur.&nbsp; Even if they got outside the city&#8217;s walls, they had to pass the slavers compounds that surrounded the city.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The leather slave collars locked about their necks was an insurmountable problem.&nbsp; Anyone seeing a woman wearing a slave collar would know instantly what her status was and would take the needed steps to insure she was outfitted with the necessary high heels, gag and ropes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The city records were adamant that no slave girl had every escaped.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So why did they try?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Trying to escape is such a subjective term. The masters and mistresses could interpret almost anything as an escape attempt.&nbsp; The city officials needed little provocation to force a slave girl to be punished by the public.&nbsp; Public punishment served not only as a disciplinary action for the naughty little slave girl, it reminded other slave girls of the futility of resistance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Public punishment also provided free public entertainment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy slowed her pace as she moved through the town square.&nbsp; She never grew tired of imagining what it would be like to be bound to one of the sundry devices set up to allow the public disciplining a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the most common devices was a post with a projecting arm.&nbsp; A slave girl stood at the end of the arm, her legs bound together to a ring in the ground.&nbsp; They secured her arms out in front of her to the vertical post.&nbsp; Leather cuffs protected her flesh while providing the basis for her bondage.&nbsp; Chains ran from the cuffs through a hole in the vertical post.&nbsp; A windlass on the far side of the post enabled the guards to remove all slack from the chain, forcing the slave girl to bend forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her ass was available.&nbsp; Chained up as she was, she could look to either side to see if someone had taken an interest in her.&nbsp; One looked back with fearful eyes at Peggy as she approached.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The tall brunette&#8217;s attention though, was on the slave girl immediately before her.&nbsp; Two guards were fastening her in a pillory.&nbsp; As Peggy drew near, they fastened her ankles in an ankle pillory that consisted of a single circle of wood.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stopped to watch as they finished.&nbsp; They removed the handcuffs before forcing her to bend over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The upper board was already up and the slave girl did not resist when they bent her forward.&nbsp; She placed her head between the twin curves in the center.&nbsp; The guards moved her wrists to the outer circles.&nbsp; Once they had her in position, one guard pulled a cotter pin that allowed the upper board to fall down, trapping the slave girl&#8217;s lovely neck and wrists in small circles of wood.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guards locked together the two boards with a padlock on each side of the slave girl&#8217;s head.&nbsp; A simple latch would have worked, but they wanted the captive to realize just how helpless she was.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were ready to go, but one guard pulled a lever down on the side.&nbsp; With a loud �clunk� the twin boards dropped down a centimeter.&nbsp; The man continued to work the lever until the boards were in the correct position.&nbsp; The slave girl&#8217;s head was lower than her bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To many connoisseurs, this was the proper position for a slave girl &#8211; her ass higher than her bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy&#8217;s eyes lit up as the guards walked away.&nbsp; They had done this job several times a day.&nbsp; It was almost time for their coffee break.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy practically hopped forward to get besides the slave girl.&nbsp; She glanced over her shoulder to see if the guards were coming to interrupt her fun.&nbsp; They still walked away without looking back.&nbsp; Securing a voluptuous woman in a humiliating and vulnerable position was just another day&#8217;s work for them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Beside the captive there was a small hole in the ground, only a few centimeters in diameter and perhaps ten or twenty deep.&nbsp; Rising from it were several switches.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy pulled one out.&nbsp; She had little experience discipline a slave girl as she usually was on the receiving end of punishment.&nbsp; The switch whistled as it cut through the air.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You have been a naughty, naughty girl,� she taunted the slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She wanted to continue this delightful fun, but it dawned on the tall brunette that she was running late for her interview.&nbsp; She would have to move quickly if she was going to arrive on time.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ramming the tip of the switch back into the hole, she moved across the town square as quickly as her long legs could move.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Not that many slave girls tried to escape,&nbsp; not enough for a city office to handle runaways, besides the elaborate display in the square.&nbsp; Every slave girl knew escape was impossible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sometimes masters and mistresses �allowed� slave girls to try to escape as a form of punishment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Take for example Shelby.&nbsp; In her haste to get to the meeting, Peggy ran right past the beautiful brunette.&nbsp;&nbsp; Shelby had been there since early morning, as was evidenced by the number red welts across her bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shelby had been a good little slave girl up until the night before.&nbsp; Her master was sharing her with some of his friends.&nbsp; All went well until it was time to service the third man.&nbsp; Then she hesitated.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What is it, Slave Girl?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�It&#8217;s too big!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Well, that was the wrong thing to say.&nbsp; They quickly repositioned her long dark hair into pigtails on the sides of her head.&nbsp; This gave the man handles to control her head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His cock may have been too big for her mouth.&nbsp; He continued to pound it against the back of her mouth as she tried to make him come.&nbsp; She knew her master was angry at her and would punish her when they left.&nbsp; She hoped that she could avoid punishment if he came in her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She failed, but it did not matter.&nbsp; Punishment was inevitable.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her master contacted a courier service in the morning.&nbsp; The woman picked up the slave girl who wore only a garter belt, stockings and high-heeled sandals.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shelby had no idea what was about to happen to her, though she was certain it would not be pleasant.&nbsp; The pace set by the courier forced her to trot.&nbsp; Up one street and down the next.&nbsp; A turn to the left, another turn to the left.&nbsp; Down a long boulevard.&nbsp; A turn to the right.&nbsp; Another turn to the right.&nbsp; Then a long street, and a turn to the left.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Confused?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shelby was.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The courier brought her to a stop, then brought the horse around before Shelby could react.&nbsp; Bending over, she unhooked the end of the leash from the slave girl&#8217;s collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Find your way home.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shelby wanted to cry.&nbsp; She had no idea where she was.&nbsp; She would have to find some landmark and work her way from there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She didn&#8217;t make it far though.&nbsp; She walked only a few blocks before she was caught.&nbsp; Slave girls did not wander about town.&nbsp; Whenever we have seen them, slave girls have always been on a leash or a tether chain.&nbsp; If one was loose, there was something wrong.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To her credit, Shelby immediately showed the man who found her that she was a good little slave girl.&nbsp; On her knees, she showed the man what a good little slave girl she was.&nbsp; When he pulled his cock out, she whimpered a protest.&nbsp; She wanted to suck it more.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He turned her over to a city guard, giving Shelby the opportunity to show what delightful things she could do with her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He rewarded her by taking her to the park just before Peggy arrived.&nbsp; He secured her to one of the spanking devices.&nbsp; She stood at the end of the projecting arm, the padded end against her lower abdomen.&nbsp; She leaned forward with her arms extended in front of her.&nbsp; He secured her wrists to leather cuffs.&nbsp; He moved behind her to bind her legs apart, not enough to invite a man to fuck her, but enough to make her pussy available.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guard next moved before the young captive to shorten the chain, drawing her arms out before her.&nbsp; When he had her body secured taut, he moved on.&nbsp; He had taken down her registration number from the back of her collar.&nbsp; He would report it back to his boss.&nbsp; Eventually her master would get word where she was.&nbsp; He could come collect her at his leisure.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With her butt sticking out, it was an invitation for a spanking.&nbsp; Her pussy was available also.&nbsp; A man or woman could flick the switch up between her legs, catching her on the pussy lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Shelby would never do anything to antagonize her master again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy&#8217;s interview was at Shepherd&#8217;s, one of the most expensive inns in town.&nbsp; It was so expensive that she could not afford its services.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She passed quickly through the lobby, turning toward the caf�.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had a name, but did not know what the interviewer looked like.&nbsp; It did not matter though.&nbsp; Before the Maitre d&#8217; could approach her, a woman half-stood and waved her over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Peggy?&nbsp; I&#8217;m Erin.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Woo!&nbsp; The story lines continue to weave together!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Have a seat.&nbsp; I heard such good things about you that I needed to see you right away.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�How did you get my name?&nbsp; I don&#8217;t remember applying for a job with you.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You did not.&nbsp; It was a friend of yours.&nbsp; What was her name?&nbsp; Barb?&nbsp; Barbie?&nbsp; Becky?&nbsp; Betty?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Becky.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Becky was one of the sweet young things from the racetrack, who now wore a collar in Canjac&#8217;s compound.&nbsp; Too bad she could not collaborate Erin&#8217;s story.&nbsp; But why would she do that?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The discussion was long and spirited and had little to do with what was expected of Peggy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You know, I like you.&nbsp; I think you might fit in as one of my assistants.&nbsp; Would you like to come back to the office to look around?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin had everything orchestrated back at the office.&nbsp; She did not want to have to restage the scene if Peggy could not come.&nbsp; As it was, Peggy had nothing to do anyway.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin paid for the two meals, continuing her endless banter as she did.&nbsp; Erin noticed that she tipped well.&nbsp; That was a good sign that the employer appreciated the menials about her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yep, Erin had everything set up. So who do think delayed her plan?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin just happened to glance past Peggy as they walked through the lobby.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She saw Andrea.&nbsp; She stopped abruptly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Look at her!�
The blonde slave girl, still wearing the black satin French Maid&#8217;s outfit carried a tray with two empty tankards on it.&nbsp; She placed them on the bar, and slid two full ones on the tray.
�Let&#8217;s follow her.�
Erin&#8217;s interest in getting a slave collar on Peggy had taken a backseat to her interest in the sexy blonde.
�What are you going to do?�
�She is a most delectable French Maid.&nbsp; I think I would like to buy her.�
�What is she is not for sale?�
�If you offer enough money, anyone is for sale.�
What Erin said was true.&nbsp; She asked about the price of the blonde slave girl.&nbsp; The asking price was a couple gold crowns.&nbsp; She managed to haggle the price down to one crown, three silver thalens.
Once they agreed on a price, they had to find the slave girl.&nbsp; Erin&#8217;s description of Andrea fit a couple dozen, or perhaps a couple score, at the inn.&nbsp; 
�She went in there,� Peggy said, pointing to a closed door.
The concierge negotiated with the patrons of the room who had chosen Andrea.&nbsp; Since one slave girl was pretty much the same as another, they had no objection when the concierge offered them two &#8211; a blonde and a brunette &#8211; in exchange for Andrea.
So, rather than two storylines coming together, we have three.
In just a couple hours from first seeing Andrea, Erin had the papers to prove that the blonde was her property.
That led to one of the innumerable little problems about the status of slave girls.&nbsp; Erin and Peggy could exit the inn by the front door, but Andrea could not.&nbsp; The concierge summoned another French Maid to take the luscious blonde down to the slave kennel at the back of the inn.&nbsp; A message attached to her collar told a guard down there what to do.&nbsp; He led the buxom blonde from the building through the slave girl&#8217;s entrance and around the front of the inn.
Before Erin could take Peggy to work, she had to drop her latest acquisition off at home.&nbsp; She did not want her new plaything to interfere with her plans.
There was a kennel in the same block where she kept Melissa and her other slave girls.
�Would you like to come back and see what the job is like?�
Peggy would much have preferred to be on the end of the leash but she agreed to do what Erin suggested.&nbsp; The job seemed to be fun.&nbsp; If she were bound, she would not have to do much work.
The office runner that day was Kayla.&nbsp; The brunette wore a little pink silk dress that emphasized every curve of her body.&nbsp; Peggy took one look at that outfit and fantasized about wearing it herself.
She wanted nothing more than to be bound and gagged at Erin&#8217;s feet.










Slave Girls in Bondage 

Chapter 121

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy enjoyed her new job as it was far more than she had ever expected.&nbsp; She wanted a job where she would not have to do much because she was helplessly bound all the time.
And she wanted to be paid for it.
As soon as she arrived at the office, she changed into her working clothes.&nbsp; Her working clothes consisted only of a garter belt, sheer beige stockings and pink high heels.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While awaiting Erin&#8217;s arrival, she added her ballgag to her ensemble.&nbsp; Kneeling next to her boss&#8217;s desk, she handcuffed her hands behind her desk.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She could do nothing but wait.&nbsp; Her street wear was locked up.&nbsp; The key to it and the one to her cuffs were on a shelf a couple meters above the floor.&nbsp; With her hands secured behind her back, she could not reach it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All she could do was wait. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Erin arrived, she smiled at her kneeling victim.&nbsp; She did nothing to free her at first.&nbsp; She knew the beautiful brunette would not want that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She sat at her desk and went through her mail but her mind was elsewhere.&nbsp; She wanted to turn Peggy into a slave girl, but was not certain how to go about it.&nbsp; She toyed with the idea of taking her outside the city&#8217;s walls as she had Melissa.&nbsp; The problem with that was obvious.&nbsp; It took time to find five other slave girls who looked (superficially) like Peggy.&nbsp; She doubted she had time.&nbsp; Once Canjac missed her,, it would not take him long to find her.&nbsp; No one could accuse her of being subtle in what she did.
She doubted Peggy would sign official papers of enslavement unless she treated her.&nbsp; Getting the buxom beauty bound was much easier than turning her into an official slave girl.
That left one rather obvious route.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Tell me, Peggy, have you ever been to the slave market?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The beautiful brunette shook her head.&nbsp; That answer was not surprising as spectators were not permitted.&nbsp; You had to be a member of the slave market exchange to watch the proceedings.&nbsp; The cost varied on how close the buyer wanted to sit to the action.&nbsp; Seats so close that you could touch a slave girl on sale cost 10 gold crowns a year, but those seats were never available.&nbsp; Who in their right mind would sell such a ticket?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin had a friend who had left town for a few months.&nbsp; She could use her pass to get in.&nbsp; The seats in the gallery cost much less, a subscription could cost as little as a crown a year.&nbsp; The people who bought these seats were not interested in volume slave girls.&nbsp; They concentrated on specific tastes in slave girls.&nbsp; They might go for weeks before submitting a bid.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Would you like to go this afternoon?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The captive&#8217;s eyes opened wide with delight.&nbsp; Her long dark tresses floated up and down as she vigorously nodded.&nbsp; She had often wondered what went on inside.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�If we can get out work done today by lunch, we can go.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy&#8217;s role in the office was that of messenger, not unlike that we have seen earlier, but Erin had no need to be subtle.&nbsp; Peggy performed her job wearing only minimal clothing.&nbsp; She had the ubiquitous black satin garter belt with red lace ruffles, black stockings, sheer except for the seam up the back, and red patent leather sandals.&nbsp; For outerwear she wore a sheer white apron that had ruffles about the edges.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Like I said &#8211; minimal clothing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy had spent so much time bound and dressed (or undressed) as a slave girl at Canjac&#8217;s compound, that she felt no embarrassment wandering about the office naked.&nbsp; She would approach one of the workers, grab the corners of the apron, and curtsey.&nbsp; (No, Erin did not keep her in chains.&nbsp; She recognized early on that the tall brunette loved being bound.&nbsp; Keeping her gagged and dressed as a slave girl was a means of teasing her.)&nbsp; She would kneel to present the paper.&nbsp; She did not dare leave until given permission to.&nbsp; If there was a reply, she had to wait. If there were none, she would be dismissed with a wave of the hand..
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin planned to take Peggy to the slave market anyway.&nbsp; She just wanted to get work done first.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Are you ready to go?� she asked about noon.&nbsp; The tall brunette nodded eagerly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin held up a pair of handcuffs, the type you would expect a slave girl to wear in public.&nbsp; Peggy spun about quickly, eager to be made helpless again.&nbsp; Erin quickly fulfilled her desires.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy started to turn toward her but Erin stopped her short.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Stop!&nbsp; Keep facing away from me.&nbsp; There is something else I need to add.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy felt something about her neck.&nbsp; She look down but saw nothing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Keep your chin up.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The naked beauty felt a thrill when she realized the woman was putting her into a slave girl collar.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She never worried about the risk associated with the collar.&nbsp; After all, Canjac had put one on her often.&nbsp; She was becoming used to wearing one.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You can turn around.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As soon as the two faced each other, Erin attached a leash to the collar.&nbsp; Wrapping her arms about the captive, she tugged on the working ends of the bow.&nbsp; The apron fluttered to the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Come on. Let&#8217;s go.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette had no fears about going out in public naked.&nbsp; Since she had met Canjac, she had spent more time in public naked than she wearing clothing.&nbsp; As they paraded through the office, no one paid attention to Peggy.&nbsp; As far as they were concerned, the tall brunette was just another naked slave girl.&nbsp; Erin had many of them around the office.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had to wait at the edge of the street until Erin&#8217;s sulky was brought around.&nbsp; (Yes, Melissa was still one of the ponygirls.)&nbsp; The mistress attached the end of the leash to the rear of the sulky.&nbsp; Peggy was masquerading as a slave girl, so she intended to treat her as one.&nbsp; She climbed into the driver&#8217;s seat.&nbsp; Before starting off, she looked back at Peggy.&nbsp; She did not want to accidentally hurt the woman.&nbsp; Any pain the beautiful brunette suffered, she wanted to be intentional.&nbsp; Peggy looked up at her, a clear sign that she was ready to go.&nbsp; Erin looked back at the ponygirls and flipped the reins up and down.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Giddy up!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin wondered just how experienced Peggy was so she decided to use this period as a testing time.&nbsp; She used the switch on the bare bottoms of her ponygirls to get them to move faster.&nbsp; After a block, she looked over her shoulder to see how Peggy was doing.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin knew who Peggy was, but did not know what Canjac had done to her.&nbsp; Having spent hours trotting around pulling a sulky, Peggy found it easy to trot along behind Erin&#8217;s sulky.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She concentrated on maintaining the same pace as the sulky so the loop of the tether chain never grew deeper, never grew shallower.
The pleasant way of passing the time that they were at the slave market before she knew it.
Everyone at one time or another passed by the entrance to the slave market just to see what it was like.&nbsp; Eight marble columns fronted the street before the main entrance.&nbsp; Standing on the base of each were eight naked slave girls, their hands bound to rings over their heads.&nbsp; They were new to the collar.&nbsp; As a result, they squirmed continuously from the attention they got, or just their helplessness.&nbsp; The continual movement was more than enough to draw the attention of passersby.
On either side of the entranceway, were many slave girls bound spreadeagle to niches in the wall.&nbsp; Unlike the thirty-two lovely ladies in front, there were dressed normal slave girl attire.&nbsp; The outerwear motif was pink, from pink, patent leather shoes to pink satin halter-tops.&nbsp; In between they had short, flared pink satin skirts.&nbsp; Beneath the skirt they wore black satin garter belts (fringed with pink satin ruffles) that held up the sheet black stockings.
Panties?&nbsp; Since when do slave girls need panties?
These slave girls were resigned to their fates.&nbsp; They knew that being on public display was one of the perks of being a slave girl.&nbsp; Each knew she was beautiful and sexy (or why else who anyone have taken the time to turn them into slave girls?).&nbsp; Being on display allowed the public to admire their abundant charms.&nbsp; Even if the people said nothing, the mere fact that they stopped to look was a form of adoration of their bodies.
They tried to catch the eyes of those who looked.&nbsp; Perhaps some man would have the stamina to keep at them all night.&nbsp; They gloated at the women.&nbsp; Wearing a slave collar told everyone they were more beautiful and sexy.
The garter belts were special.&nbsp; (I bet you saw that coming.)&nbsp; Embroidered into the black sating (with pink thread), was the name of the establishment who owned this exquisite creature.
The slave market had already sold these slave girls. The retailers had them there to offer them for sale before they went into the showroom.
Erin tethered the tall brunette to a pole where another slave girl waited.&nbsp; The anteroom had twenty-four such poles so the masters and mistresses would not have trouble finding one in which to tether a slave girl.
Peggy glanced at the mistress as she walked away.&nbsp; She had spent so much time as a slave girl that it did not bother her when her master or mistress left her alone.&nbsp; She knew she was safe.&nbsp; After all, she was securely tethered to that pole.
She was in the position to see and hear what happened outside the main auction area.
�I was just looking at the big board.&nbsp; I own a couple of 1.7-meter blondes.&nbsp; 82C.&nbsp; Down an eighth.&nbsp; Fourth day in a row they&#8217;re down.&nbsp; Can&#8217;t sell &#8216;em if I can&#8217;t make a profit.�
�Your problem is nobody wants skinny blondes these days.�
That brief bit of conversation made Peggy feel good.&nbsp; She was not a blonde, but neither was her bra size 82C.&nbsp; (Think more along the lines of 90D or 90DD.&nbsp; Nobody was going to accuse her of being �skinny.�
Erin returned a few minutes later with papers in her hand.
�Can&#8217;t tell your slave girls without a program.�
She freed the end of the leash.&nbsp; A jerk on it told the buxom brunette to follow her toward the stairs leading to the gallery.
You may wonder why Erin could bring a slave girl into the slave market via the front door.&nbsp; There were two reasons for that.&nbsp; First, it was a simple matter of convenience.&nbsp; Second, the idea of forcing a slave girl to enter through a separate door at the back of the building was to humiliate her.&nbsp; There was no need for that here.
Just why would a person bring a slave girl to the slave market?&nbsp; It might be that she would be forced to watch her friends be sold.&nbsp; It might be as a warning that if she does not behave she will find herself down on that stage.&nbsp; Or perhaps, her fate is sealed and her master of mistress only wants to torment her with hints of what was about to happen.
That all was lost on Peggy though as she thought it a grand adventure.
A slave girl dressed as a French Maid (only in shocking pink instead of the traditional black), lead them to the correct box.
Erin had been to the slave market only a couple times herself so she was not that familiar with what went on.&nbsp; As she looked around, she saw a dildo rising from the end of a pole.&nbsp; She turned her captive about so she could get at the strap holding the ballgag in her mouth.
�Kneel in front of that dildo and place it in your mouth.�
Peggy stepped around her to get at it.&nbsp; She dropped to her knees, then had to back up so she could bend over to reach it.&nbsp; She opened wide to accept the shaft, then lowered her face toward the floor.
Erin squatted quickly so she could attach the leash to a hook on the vertical support.&nbsp; The chain leash did not have enough slack for the beautiful captive to raise her far so she could pull her mouth off it.
�I want you to keep humping that.&nbsp; Convince me that I should let you watch.�
This was all a bluff though as she knew her captive would be upset if she did not see the sale.&nbsp; Erin wanted to torment her, but not enough to make her pissed off at her. For her plan to work, Peggy had to have unwavering confidence in her.
When it became apparent that the sale was beginning, she squatted again to undo the leash.
�Come on, straighten up.�
As the brunette&#8217;s head was coming up, she raised the rubber ball toward her mouth.&nbsp; In seconds, she had Peggy gagged again.
�Crawl over here.&nbsp; Turn about.&nbsp; Move back.�
She had Peggy kneel on the floor with her back to her.&nbsp; She pulled her shoulder back so she could pin her head between her knees.
Peggy&#8217;s big brown eyes opened wide in amazement at the scene before her.
The center of attention was the auction block.&nbsp; There really was no block.&nbsp; There was a stage slightly to the right where they sat.&nbsp; No one presently was on it as the sale had not begun.&nbsp; Before it, in the prime area for the bidders, people were milling about in apparent confusion.
A handful of men moved toward the center area.&nbsp; When they were still ten meters from the point where the goods would be sold, a gong sounded three times, quite slowly.&nbsp; Peggy expected something to happen, but the people below paid no attention to it.&nbsp; When the group reached the auction point, the gong sounded twice more in the same slow cadence.&nbsp; This time peoplemoved toward their seats.&nbsp; By the time it sounded the third time, one, solitary gong, the people were in their seats.
Peggy saw that the people below were looking toward the right.&nbsp; She twisted her head to the right.&nbsp; 
As she saw movement, she realized that a two-rail track ran across the stage.&nbsp; The rails were imbedded in the floor so nothing was raised that could cause a slave girl to trip.&nbsp; 
A pair of slave girls came into sight, bent forward.&nbsp; They dragged something, that was obvious.&nbsp; Chains ran from belts about their waists to whatever it was they dragged.
Each slave girl had her head encased in a black leather slave hood.&nbsp; Even at a distance, Peggy could see the straps binding it tightly to the wearer&#8217;s head.&nbsp; There were padlocks. She could see one on the side of the nearer slave girl&#8217;s head.&nbsp; 
Each captive had her arms bound behind her back with a black leather single glove.&nbsp; The slave girl could wave her bound arms as much as she could without anything hindering her movement.
Immediately behind them was a cart on which was the item for sale.&nbsp; 
With the cart on tracks, the slave girls could easily pull the cart.&nbsp; It also directed the movement of the cart so it could only go forward or backwards.&nbsp; (Peggy did not know that the cart had a mechanism that kept it from going backwards.&nbsp; They could only drag it forward.
Though the slave girl herself was rather light, the cart was heavy.&nbsp; It needed to be as the item for sale was bound upside, spreadeagle between two vertical posts.&nbsp; Even at this distance, the captive beauty could tell that they had her bound tautly between the posts.&nbsp; About her wrists and ankles were leather cuffs.&nbsp; Chains ran between the cuffs and the posts, pulling her body so she could not move at all.
In this position, there was no doubt what was for sale.&nbsp; The slave girl&#8217;s cunt was at eyelevel to a bidder seated in the prime section in front.&nbsp; That was what they were bidding on.&nbsp; The slave girl on sale knew that was her most important feature.&nbsp; All else was superfluous.
The cart came to a halt beside the auctioneer.&nbsp; The two hooded slave girls pulling the cart jerked when it came to a stop.&nbsp; They continued to strain against it, but it would not move.
The auctioneer&#8217;s continuous patter had extoller the virtues of the slave girl as soon as she appeared in sight.
The bidding was quick as the bidders had a line of credit that insured they had the money to pay for the item for sale.&nbsp; When a bidder wanted to bid, he or she simply raised a paddle with a number on it.&nbsp; The auctioneer announced the starting price.&nbsp; A couple dozen paddles went up.&nbsp; He raised the price by ten pfennings as long as there was more than one paddle in the air.&nbsp; The bidding slowed as people dropped out.&nbsp; The price increased by only a pfenning at a time.
The sale price was two silver thalens, twelve pfennings.&nbsp; 
As mentioned before, the market was depressed by a glut of new slave girls.
Nobody was complaining though, except the sellers.
Who could complain about a lower price for a product?
And the slave girls did not complain.
After all, they were gagged.&nbsp; (Chortle, chortle.)
When the bidding was over, the auctioneers stepped on a button to his left that released the brake on the device.&nbsp; Suddenly the two slave girls were able to pull the cart forward.&nbsp; Centimeter by centimeter it moved across the stage toward the exit.
No one paid attention to it though, as two more hooded slave girls were already dragging in a cart with the second slave girl for sale.
The sale of each slave girl took about five minutes.&nbsp; That worked out to twelve an hour, about 35 in a three-hour session.
This was a midweek sale.&nbsp; On the weekends, more choice slave girls were sold, and the bidding price was much higher.&nbsp; Sometimes in the evenings there would be special sales, say if a ship arrived with a cargo of new slave girls, the captian could arrange for a special sale in one evening.&nbsp; The entire cargo could be auctioned off the same day the ship arrived.&nbsp; The captain by then would have a new cargo on board.
Not all slave girls auctioned off through the slave market passed through the main gallery.&nbsp; The extra special slave girls, those with an interesting past or interest from the bidders could be sold in a private salon.&nbsp; Attention was by invitation only.
Erin quickly became bored.&nbsp; She did not like to buy her slave girls �pre-packaged.�&nbsp; She enjoyed enslaving them herself.&nbsp; She wanted to go after three or four sales, but it was evident Peggy was having too much fun.&nbsp; She decided to wait until her �little� plaything fidgeted.
Peggy wanted to stay for the whole auction.&nbsp; 
When it was over, Erin decided to tease her with the sold slave girls.&nbsp; She pulled the young woman&#8217;s head back to get at her collar.&nbsp; She attached the end of the leash to the brunette&#8217;s collar.
�Come along.�
She led her down to the first floor.&nbsp; By then most people had left.&nbsp; There had been many more spectators than there were items for sale.
Erin paused when they reached the lobby.&nbsp; She had no idea where to go.&nbsp; Since she wanted Peggy to think she knew everything that was going on, she could not afford to let her see her puzzled.&nbsp; Moving to the nearest pillar, she attached her end of the leash to one of the ubiquitous rings.&nbsp; 
She moved with purposeful strides across the lobby.&nbsp; She looked for another corridor.&nbsp; Finding one, she turned left down it.&nbsp; Once she was out of Peggy&#8217;s line of sight, she asked a person where the sold items were waiting for pick up.&nbsp; The guard pointed back down the way she had come.&nbsp; Turn to the left and down another corridor.
Erin returned to Peggy.&nbsp; Without a word to the beautiful captive, she tugged on the leash.
They moved almost to the exit before turning down the designated corridor.
On their right there were three high bay doors where there were loading docks.&nbsp; On the left there eight slave girls still waiting for their new master or mistress.
The eight wore the traditional slave girls&#8217; outfits of pink satin miniskirts and halter-tops.&nbsp; Peeking out from under the short hems were black satin panties.&nbsp; The black motif was continued with their black slave collars.&nbsp; They flinched at the sound of Peggy&#8217;s high heels on the floor.&nbsp; Each of the eight was blindfolded.
Peggy&#8217;s eyes were wide with interest.&nbsp; She could not know that the slave girls had no idea who had purchased them.&nbsp; With the blindfolds on, they had no idea what was going on about them.
Both mistress and ersatz slave girl turned to the right to look when they heard a door open.&nbsp; One of the clerks from the slave market pushed it open.&nbsp; Peggy leaned back to try to see what was on the other side.&nbsp; A jerk on the leash got her to look back at Erin.&nbsp; A real slave girl would not exhibit that much interest.&nbsp; (Well, she would not exhibit that much interest without her mistress punishing her.&nbsp; Erin did not want to have to punish Peggy.&nbsp; She did not want the tall brunette&#8217;s memories of field trip to the slave market to be bad.)
After the clerk propped the other open, they could see a wagon slowly back up.&nbsp; A guard pulled himself up to the floor to open the doors on the back of the wagon.
The inside was empty, but not for long.&nbsp; The clerk moved to the first slave girl to check the tag attached to her collar.&nbsp; He compared something written on the tag with what was written on a paper on a clipboard.&nbsp; He then moved on to the second to repeat the process.&nbsp; This time he unhooked the far end of her leash.&nbsp; The guard had moved up to her.&nbsp; He took the leash, using it to led the sold merchandise to the wagon.
By then the clerk had the leash unfastened for the third slave girl.&nbsp; The driver had entered the market by slipping between the door and the edge of the wagon.&nbsp; He took the leash of this slave girl.
They continued until they had four slave girls loaded in the back of the wagon.&nbsp; The driver signed some papers before moving back toward the front of the wagon.&nbsp; As soon as he was through the opening, the clerk closed and locked the door.
�Come along, � Erin said as she tugged on the leash.&nbsp; 
One look at the expression on Peggy&#8217;s face told her the young woman would be thrilled at the prospect of being sold in the slave market.
Erin&#8217;s plan of revenge was ready to go.










Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 122

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You would think it would be easy for a woman to turn herself into a slave girl, wouldn&#8217;t you?&nbsp; As we have seen, it did not take much for another to turn a woman into slave girl.&nbsp; Outside the city gates, all it took was a slave collar.&nbsp; Inside the city gates, it still took a slave collar but a little extra for a bribe here or there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So when Peggy accompanied Erin to the city&#8217;s Bureau of Slave Registration to turn herself into s slave girl, she thought she would only have to agree to wear a slave collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Wrong.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had fifteen forms to fill out, most of them in triplicate. She had to sign them before a clerk and a notary who insured that her signature was of her own will.&nbsp; (Heaven forbid that anyone force a woman into becoming a slave girl!)&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin went along for a couple reasons.&nbsp; She wanted to insure that the profit from Peggy&#8217;s sale went to her.&nbsp; She would bid and win, no matter how high Peggy&#8217;s selling price became.&nbsp; The slave market would get six percent of the selling price.&nbsp; Erin would get back whatever she paid for the luscious brunette, less the six percent.&nbsp; This amount would be a pittance compared to her market value.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second reason was to insure she had Peggy&#8217;s lot number.&nbsp; She had no idea how long it would be before Peggy was placed on the auction block.&nbsp; It could be a few days or perhaps a few weeks.&nbsp; She would have to watch the lists to see when Peggy&#8217;s lot number was scheduled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Get down on your knees to sign.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was a reasonable order thought Peggy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The long legged brunette slid off the chair to her knees.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she signed, the clerk came to his feet.&nbsp; By the time she finished, he stood behind her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Stand up, lean across the desk.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she did that, he produced a pair of handcuffs out.&nbsp; He pulled her left arm behind her back to snap one cuff to her wrist.&nbsp; She put her right arm behind her to help him.&nbsp; In seconds she was helpless.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He grabbed her by the hair to pull her head back.&nbsp; The ballgag was ready when he had her head back.&nbsp; He pulled it in her mouth.&nbsp; Once he had the straps buckled together behind her head, he pulled the pins from her hair to loosen it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was ready to straighten up, but he did not allow that.&nbsp; He unfastened the snaps, then pulled her pants down to her knees.&nbsp; He panties came next.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He pulled her up and spun her about.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�That will be all,� he nodded toward Erin, dismissing her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He grabbed the tall brunette by the pubic hair and pulled.&nbsp; She had to follow to alleviate the pain where the hair was pulled by the roots.&nbsp; She shuffled forward with micro steps.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the next room, a chain hung down from the ceiling.&nbsp; At the end were three large clamps.&nbsp; He pulled her closer to the chain.&nbsp; He attached each clamp to her pubic hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He gave her a shove backwards.&nbsp; Without the ability to move her feet, she could not regain her balance.&nbsp; The back of her head tapped the floor but she did not notice it.&nbsp; The pain in her pubic hair was intense as it held the middle of her body mere centimeters above the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He slowly circled around her, inspecting her from all angles.&nbsp; He then produced a disrobing knife he used with a few efficient swipes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her bottom dangled above the floor, her feet touching on one side and the back of her head on the other.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His job was done.&nbsp; He returned to his desk, leaving her there helpless.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she was alone, Peggy tried to reach the clamps.&nbsp; After a couple tries, she gave up.&nbsp; Every movement multiplied the pain her pubic area.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She dangled in that position for a few minutes.&nbsp; The breaking of a new woman, of leaving her with no option other than that of accepting the slave collar, was the responsibility of a whipmistress.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She dragged the tall brunette into another room that was empty except for a simple metal stand.&nbsp; Peggy stood with her lower abdomen against the upper part that was shaped as a �T.�&nbsp; There was a similar crosspiece on the bottom that with a leather cuff on each end.&nbsp; The whipmistress used these to secure the brunette&#8217;s ankles to the ends of the crosspiece.&nbsp; Straightening up, she moved around in front of the captive to adjust the height of the device.&nbsp; From her vast experience she knew how high to raise it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A chain was attached to the bottom near the floor.&nbsp; At the end was a leather loop.&nbsp; The whipmistress pulled it up as far as it would go, hooking it on a spike sticking out from the vertical post.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She took Peggy by surprise when she grabbed her by the head and pulled forward.&nbsp; The brunette&#8217;s head went down toward the floor.&nbsp; She adjusted the position of her hands to the back of her head.&nbsp; She shoved down until she could lock her head between her knees.&nbsp; With her right hand she pulled the leather loop over Peggy&#8217;s head.&nbsp; When she backed up, Peggy could not straighten up.&nbsp; She had to remain bent over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things were about to get a lot worse.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress pulled a lever free.&nbsp; She pulled down, shortening the chain shorter.&nbsp; As it became shorter, it pulled her head down closer to the vertical post.&nbsp; She stopped only when she had the young woman&#8217;s nose near the surface.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was an extremely uncomfortable position, but soon Peggy did not notice that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her bare ass was available.&nbsp; The woman selected her favorite paddle.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She paused periodically to keep from wearing herself out.&nbsp; She was a professional so she knew how to pace herself.&nbsp; She changed positions frequently so the blows did not land on the same spot.&nbsp; She intended to turn the woman&#8217;s bottom completely red.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another whipmistress joined her.&nbsp; She touched Peggy&#8217;s bottom in a couple spots to where it was the whitest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They moved from her bottom to her hips to her upper thighs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When they finally stopped, every part was bright red, every part was in excruciating pain.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After this torment, any woman would be eager to wear a slave collar.&nbsp; With some, those who refused to believe their position in life was that of a slave girl, resisted.&nbsp; No one lasted more than twenty minutes.&nbsp; Others lasted only a few minutes.&nbsp; Peggy was one of them.&nbsp; Five minutes after they released her, she wore a collar.&nbsp; She was on her knees licking furiously at the pussy of a whipmistress.&nbsp; That was to thank the woman for allowing her to become a slave girl.&nbsp; The whipmistress popped a rubber ballgag into her mouth to continue.&nbsp; She stretched the tall brunette over her lap to move to the next phase of Peggy&#8217;s submission.&nbsp; The woman used a small paddle that could inflict considerable pain without coving a large area.&nbsp; She had no idea how man time she would have to pummel the brunette&#8217;s delicious ass before she accepted her status as a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The woman did not realize that this all was futile, as Peggy enjoyed nothing more than being bound as a slave girl and used as one.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy quickly found herself on her knees with her head between the whipmistress&#8217;s legs as she lapped away again at the woman&#8217; s pussy.&nbsp; She had to show what a good little slave girl she was by using her tongue to thank the woman for spanking her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That continued until another whipmistress was sated.&nbsp; The first woman popped the rubber ballgag into the brunette&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; She merely pulled the buckled strap over Peggy&#8217;s head.&nbsp; She did not have to tighten it as it would not remain there along.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Crawl to her,� she ordered, pointing over Peggy&#8217;s left shoulder.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette moved there, a couple centimeters at a time.&nbsp; She knew what was going to happen to her once she arrived, but she did not dare tarry.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress grabbed a fistful hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Across my lap.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another severe spanking followed another session between a woman&#8217;s legs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were more whipmistresses, more laps, and more pussies.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last whipmistress removed the handcuffs.&nbsp; Peggy kept her hands behind her back, unsure of what to do.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress attached a leash to the back of Peggy&#8217;s collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Crawl!� she ordered as she gave the captive a light kick in the fanny with the toe of one boot.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy followed obediently, arms and legs moving as quickly as possible.&nbsp; They moved from the room, down a hall and into a large chamber.&nbsp; Peggy had trouble seeing where she was going.&nbsp; Her long tresses flowed down in pools on the floor.&nbsp; She had to struggle to keep from putting her hands on them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�On your feet.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This order was accompanied with a poke to the ribs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she stood up, she saw several slave girls on display to her right.&nbsp; �Things are looking up,� she thought as she moved forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She moved her legs apart so the whipmistress could secure her legs to rings on the floor.&nbsp; In seconds the whipmistress had her bound to the wall, bent across a metal bar, her hands locked to cuffs on the wall.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Every man who came by had instant access to her pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress smiled as she leaned to the left to grab Peggy&#8217;s dangling left tittie.&nbsp; Her caress was gentle.&nbsp; She played with the nipple until she had her aroused.&nbsp; Then she quit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She wanted the brunette aroused.&nbsp; Peggy knew what was going to happen to her.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Keeping her aroused until someone used her would be enjoyably frustrating.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few men stopped for a brief dalliance.&nbsp; For Peggy, it was too few men and the dalliances were far too brief.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy was nothing more than a lot number to the men and those women who guarded her.&nbsp; Some time in the evening, the guards took her to another room where a long line of slave girls bound spreadeagle waited.&nbsp; Her job to was lick pussies.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The room was silent until midnight, silent except for the slurping sound of tongues on pussy lips and the muffled moans of satisfied slave girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At midnight they took her to another room where she could sleep.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They bent her across a bar, one similar to a spanking bar.&nbsp; This bar was wider with extra padding.&nbsp; They pulled her legs apart, securing them to rings on the floor so she could not draw them together.&nbsp; They removed the cuffs from her arms so they could secure her arms to other rings on the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was a most comfortable position, but figuring what Peggy had gone through the day, she was soon sound asleep. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They could have bound her in anyone of a hundred positions, but they chose this one because it made her pussy available.&nbsp; The room had public access.&nbsp; A man passing by could avail him of her pussy.&nbsp; There was nothing like being awakened from a sound sleep by a massive orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Peggy thrashed around in her bondage before falling asleep again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the morning they had more training for her.&nbsp; Peggy had already passed the first stage.&nbsp; She demonstrated she would do anything ordered.&nbsp; The only thing that kept them from selling her immediately was her bright red ass.&nbsp; A scarlet fanny meant the slave girl had been punished.&nbsp; A punished slave girl was one who was disobedient.&nbsp; That would affect her sale price.&nbsp; They would continue her training until her bottom had recovered from her first spanking.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the meantime, they would train her not only to obey, but also to enjoy serving others.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the early morning they took her into a room for cock training.&nbsp; The whipmistress led her up to the next available training block.&nbsp; She held her arm out so she stepped on one side of the block while Peggy was on the other.&nbsp; As she pulled on the leash the luscious brunette had to crawl up on the block.&nbsp; The mistress spun her about so her head was at the proper end.&nbsp; She pulled the leash down toward the bottom of the block where she tied it to a hook.&nbsp; Peggy was going nowhere.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress left her momentarily while she waited for a couple French Maids to finish working on the previous slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was now Peggy&#8217;s turn.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One French Maid climbed on top Peggy, straddling her bottom while the whipmistress removed Peggy&#8217;s handcuffs.&nbsp; The French Maid held Peggy&#8217;s hands together palm-to-palm.&nbsp; The second French Maid held a cord ready to bind her.&nbsp; She looped it about Peggy&#8217;s wrists half a dozen times before cinching them.&nbsp; When she had the ends tied together, the luscious brunette was helpless.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first French Maid continued to hold the brunette&#8217;s arms as the second French Maid looped a cord about the captive&#8217;s upper arms at the elbows.&nbsp; Before cinching these loops, she pulled on the ends, slowly drawing Peggy&#8217;s elbows together.&nbsp; Often, with new slave girls, they had to stop when the elbows were a centimeter or two apart.&nbsp; Peggy had so much experience being bound that she could pull them together so they touched.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she finished, the first French Maid climbed off Peggy.&nbsp; She moved the far end of the block where the brunette&#8217;s feet hung over the edge.&nbsp; She grabbed the ankles to cross them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second French Maid found a third cord, which she looped about Peggy&#8217;s ankles.&nbsp; This time she merely looped the cord several times and tied the ends together.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first French Maid pulled her feet in the air, so her knees were bent at a 90-degree angle.&nbsp; She held them in that position while the second French Maid moved toward Peggy&#8217;s shoulders.&nbsp; She formed a cord into three large loops that she slid down over Peggy&#8217;s shoulders until they were about half way down her upper arms.&nbsp; She quickly tied the ends together.&nbsp; Once again, she left slack in the loops.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tied one end of a larger and longer cord to the loops in back.&nbsp; She moved down toward Peggy&#8217;s feet, drawing the working end of the cord with her.&nbsp; She tucked it between Peggy&#8217;s calves, passing it up over top, before drawing it back toward the captive&#8217;s head.&nbsp; After tucking the end under the loops, she pulled it back toward Peggy&#8217;s feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She pulled as the other French Maid pushed on Peggy&#8217;s feet.&nbsp; As her feet came forward, her knees spread apart.&nbsp; The second French Maid, the one holding the end of the cord, shifted her position a little so she held the cord with one hand and Peggy&#8217;s feet with the other.&nbsp; This allowed the first French Maid to let go.&nbsp; She moved to the other side of the block.&nbsp; This position allowed her to use her hands to push down on Peggy&#8217;s feet.&nbsp; She continued to push down until the slave girl&#8217;s heels were pressed against her hands.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The second French Maid let go of Peggy&#8217;s feet.&nbsp; She tucked the end of the long cord under the loops about Peggy&#8217;s upper arms and body.&nbsp; She tied it tightly, cinched it, and tied it again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This left Peggy bound in a severe hogtie with her legs spread.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The French Maids adjusted Peggy&#8217;s position on the block.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Attached to rings on the bottom on one side of the block was a pair of broad leather straps.&nbsp; The second French Maid pulled the strap up and tossed it over the slave girl&#8217;s upper arms in the same vicinity as the loops.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She then moved to the end of the block at Peggy&#8217;s head.&nbsp; Placing her hands on Peggy&#8217;s shoulders, she pushed down until the brunette&#8217;s upper chest was flush against the block.&nbsp; The first French Maid stuck the end of the strap through a buckle.&nbsp; She sat on the floor so she could put one high-heeled foot against the side of the block to give herself more leverage as she pulled.&nbsp; With her other foot she pushed the buckle down.&nbsp; They designed the buckles so a slave girl could secure it with her feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A second strap went across the Peggy&#8217;s lower back.&nbsp; The left the luscious slave&#8217;s body pinned to the top of the block from her upper chest to her abdomen.&nbsp; Peggy could not wiggle at all which was what they wanted.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While they were doing that, the whipmistress crossed the room to get a slave girl.&nbsp; She was one of those destined for eventual sale.&nbsp; She had moved up in the hierarchy.&nbsp; She was only a week from being sold so they were using her in another capacity.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Except for the stockings, garter belt and high heels, she was stark naked.&nbsp; Besides having her hands cuffed behind her back and a delicious ballgag stuffed in her mouth, she wore a blindfold.&nbsp; She had done this before so she knew what was expected of her.&nbsp; She felt hands attach a leash to her collar.&nbsp; A gentle tug told her to move forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress maneuvered her so she knelt in front of Peggy&#8217;s head, her face only centimeters away.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;About four centimeters down from the top the chain protruded from a hole.&nbsp; She drew the end of the chain forward.&nbsp; As she did that, the kneeling slave girl leaned forward.&nbsp; She locked the chain to the ring on the collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By then the two French Maids were down.&nbsp; The whipmistress cuffed them and moved them over to the next block so they were ready to secure the next slave girl to that block.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She returned to the foot of the block.&nbsp; All the items she needed were there.&nbsp; She attached a pole to a machine securely bolted to the floor.&nbsp; At the end of the pole was a large dildo.&nbsp; A few adjustments to the length of the pole so the tip of the dildo was in Peggy&#8217;s cunt.&nbsp; She had to move around to the other side of the machine to adjust the machine so it would operate correctly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She moved back to the other end where the second slave girl knelt.&nbsp; She pushed the woman&#8217;s long hair over her shoulder so she could get at the buckle of the gag strap.&nbsp; When she had it out, that slave girl raised her head a little, knowing what was coming.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her new gag was a double dildo gag.&nbsp; The dildo protruding from her mouth was much longer than the one in her mouth - that was why she put her head back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress leaned to the right to get at the buckle holding the ballgag in her mouth.&nbsp; She pulled it out with her left hand while her right grabbed a handful of Peggy&#8217;s dark tresses.&nbsp; As she pulled up, Peggy&#8217;s head came up and back.&nbsp; The slave girl immediately moved her head forward, inserting the tip of the dildo into the brunette&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; It took a few adjustments to get it correct.&nbsp; The crown of the dildo was in Peggy&#8217;s mouth while the slave girl had her head back as far as she could.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress moved back to the device.&nbsp; She lifted a dozen half-kilo weights, two at a time until she had them all mounted on the upper peg.&nbsp; When she pulled the restraining pin out, the first weight dropped down onto a hook.&nbsp; That put the whole device in motion.&nbsp; The pole moved forward, driving the dildo into Peggy&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; At the same time, it pulled the chain through the block, drawing the slave girl forward and driving the second dildo into her mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two shafts entered the slave girl simultaneously as she was fucked on both ends simultaneously.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Using a slave girl to hold the dildo gave it a personal touch.&nbsp; The dildo being rammed into her pussy was rigid.&nbsp; The one in her mouth had more play.&nbsp; Because the slave girl could not hold her head steady, it was almost as though it was the real thing being rammed into her mouth and drawn out again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the half-kilo weight reached the bottom, the next fell off and the whole cycle started over again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was only one part of Peggy&#8217;s training.&nbsp; When that session was over, they led her into another room where her training would continue on the other gender.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One slave girl was bound spreadeagle.&nbsp; They suspended her in the air so the tips of her high heels were a couple centimeters above the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another slave girl lay on her back with her head raised a few centimeters off the floor.&nbsp;&nbsp; They positioned Peggy so she had no trouble reaching the suspended slave girl&#8217;s cunt with her tongue.&nbsp; They strapped her calves to the floor so her own cunt was pressed against the slave girl&#8217;s mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The latter&#8217;s tongue excited Peggy to lick more rapidly.&nbsp; She raced to have her orgasms before the other slave girl came.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The screams of the other slave girls undergoing similar training drowned out hers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even at the end of the day the beautiful brunette&#8217;s training did not end.&nbsp; To increase a slave girl&#8217;s value, she had to have no more than the proverbial 1 percent body fat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They forced Peggy to her knees before removing the ballgag.&nbsp; The new gag was a plug gag &#8211; a leather bag riveted to a leather strap.&nbsp; When the ends of the strap were buckled together behind her head, there was little protruding from her face (as the ballgag had).
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They changed gags to fasten a leather discipline helmet over her head.&nbsp; One guard laced it up the back, pulling the leather tight about her head.&nbsp; There was more to the helmet.&nbsp; A leather strap encircled her head, pressing leather against her ears so she could hear nothing.&nbsp; A second strap passed around her lower head to hold the gag securely in her mouth.&nbsp; A third strap passed under her chin and over the top of her head.&nbsp; This forced her mouth to remain closed on the gag.&nbsp; The final strap went about her neck.&nbsp; They applied a padlock so the helmet could come off only with permission.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They pulled Peggy to her feet and led her forward into a large room with an automatic walker.&nbsp; A dozen slave girls were already attached to the rotating arms.&nbsp; More came behind Peggy until the captives numbered an even three dozen.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When it came time to get them moving, they threw a few levers.&nbsp; The arms rotated, dragging the slave girls after them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pace was frantic so the slave girls had to trot quickly around in the circle.&nbsp; Having been trained as a ponygirl, Peggy had no trouble keeping up.&nbsp; Others had more trouble.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Woe to the slave girl who could not keep up.&nbsp; If they had to stop the device, someone had to be punished.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave girl would be treated to a special training regimen that insured she luckily was in shape.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They stopped the device once to remove a slave girl.&nbsp; They dragged her into another room where the unfit little slave girls were given remedial training.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This slave girl was forced to bend over with her legs spread.&nbsp; While one guard held her head down, a whipmistress dragged a stone block over behind the captive.&nbsp; The block weight twenty kilograms.&nbsp; On one side of the block was a heavy ring to which was attached a chain.&nbsp; The whipmistress attached a butt plug to the end.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She judged the distance and placement of the slave girl&#8216;s asshole.&nbsp; Before the slave girl could react, she rammed it in.&nbsp; The captive tried to straighten up but could not.&nbsp; The guard kept a tight grip on her.&nbsp; She could wiggle her butt and move her legs a little, but that was about it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress pulled out an end wrench.&nbsp; Behind the plug there was a hex nut.&nbsp; She wrapped her right arm about the slave girl&#8217;s hips to steady her target.&nbsp; As she turned the nut, the plug grew shorter and wider.&nbsp; When she stopped, it would not come out of slave girl&#8217;s butt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guard&#8217;s job was to keep the slave girls from escaping.&nbsp; The whipmistress trained and disciplined slave girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Crack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She could not communicate with the slave girl, but she did not have to.&nbsp; The pounding on her bottom was enough to get her to step forward.&nbsp; She could not move much because she was attached to the block.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She strained against the chain as the switch continued to land on her bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slowly she crept forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In another room, a meeting took place. The clerks checked the records of the various slave girls in training.&nbsp; One of those was Peggy&#8217;s lot number.&nbsp; She had passed every test.&nbsp; A series of check marks was made after her number.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was ready to be sold.&nbsp; All they had to do was wait for the red to disappear from her body.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In less than a week Peggy would find herself on the auction block.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 124

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While we are waiting for Canjac&#8217;s plan to come to start, let&#8217;s see what is happening to Toni and Jennifer.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes, our two little sneak thieves finally were caught.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The good knew is that they are going to get a fair trial.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Fair� though is a subjective condition.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trail was scheduled the same day as their arrest.&nbsp; No one can saw justice is slow in town.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two were kept in the same cell.&nbsp; They dragged Toni into the cells first.&nbsp; They had her hands cuffed behind her head and a nice, large rubber ballgag secured in her mouth.&nbsp; She struggled, but a man held one arm and a woman another.&nbsp; A second man lowered the spreader bar from an overhead pulley.&nbsp; One wrist went into a leather cuff on each end.&nbsp; The ends of the cuff were buckled together.&nbsp; There was no need to apply a padlock as there was no way she could get the cuff loose.&nbsp; The man took a couple steps to the side to fasten that other cuff.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When he stepped back, the two let go of her arms.&nbsp; Toni struggled and tried to kick them.&nbsp; (They had frustrated that earlier by planting a foot atop hers.)&nbsp; They jumped back to get out of the way.&nbsp; Another guard turned the windlass, slowly dragging the tall blonde into the air.&nbsp; She went to her toes to support her weight.&nbsp; In seconds, she could not touch the floor at all.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The man continued to turn the crank until her feet frantically kicked a couple dozen centimeters above the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The beautiful blonde stopped kicked when they turned their backs to her to drag her compatriot in.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They left the two handing therefore a couple hours.&nbsp; They could have had the trial immediately, but the guards had to summon the property authorities.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thieves could be fined.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Attractive, sexy females thieves &#8211; well you know.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Though the two were lithe (in the right places) and round (in the right places), bearing the weight of their bodies on their arms was tiring.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toni hung there limply when they lowered Jennifer from her suspended position.&nbsp; They forced her to her knees to keep her under control.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She offered no resistance as they fastened a leather slave hood over her head.&nbsp; This device differed from a discipline helmet in that there was little discipline involved in it.&nbsp; A pair of triangles cut into the leather enabled them to see.&nbsp; Another triangle allowed the nose to poke through.&nbsp; All they did was restrict the seeing a little by limiting the peripheral vision.&nbsp; 
More importantly, it kept anyone from seeing their faces.&nbsp; No one would recognize them.&nbsp; No one would know who they were.&nbsp; No one would come to their defense.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A strap about the throat held the hood in place.&nbsp; Once they attached a leash to it, they were finished with her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�On your feet.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As one guard led the tall blonde toward a ring on the wall, another lowered Jennifer from the 
ceiling.&nbsp; In a few minutes they had her hood as Toni was.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They did not let her rise though.&nbsp; One guard stepped forward so he could lock her head between his knees.&nbsp; He bent over to grab the hood near her cheeks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With her head immobile, a whipmistress had no trouble attaching the ring to her nose.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This ring did not penetrate the skin, but the twin points 
felt as though it had.&nbsp; By turning a screw on each side, she caused the pins to come closer.&nbsp; No, it did not penetrate the skin, but it hurt.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It also distracted her from what else was going on around her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once they 
attached a similar ring to Toni&#8217;s nose, they could take them to the courtroom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guards tethered them in a hall next to the door.&nbsp; Two other hooded captives were to their right, and they added five more to their left.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The leather hoods 
indicated their guilt had already been 
determined.&nbsp; It also indicated their punishment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They knelt before the judge, the leashes tethered to rings on the rail before them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We have two &#8216;Jane Does&#8217; charged with violating city ordinance 2515.1.13, petty thievery.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�How do the defendants plead?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toni and Jennifer thought they would take the hoods off so they could defend themselves.&nbsp; They had been caught before but had been able to talk their way out of their predicament.&nbsp; Perhaps this time was a little worse, but neither saw 
any reason why they should not be able to get off.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Unfortunately, they 
had a public defender.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Your Honor, the defendants plead guilty as charged.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mr. Prosecutor, do you 
have a recommendation?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Yes, Your Honor.&nbsp; Since this is their first offense, we recommend a hundred blows of self-flagellation.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Defense?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We agree, Your Honor.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�So be it.&nbsp; The two Jane Does are sentences to 100 blows of self-flagellation to 
begin immediately.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Both knew that flagellation meant whipping.&nbsp; The �self� part got them confused.&nbsp; �Self-flagellation?�&nbsp; They were expected to whip themselves?&nbsp; That 
made no sense.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Self-flagellation was a publicly administered punishment.&nbsp; There was always a crowd wanting to watch.&nbsp; Hardly a day went by without some 
unfortunately captive starting down the short road to slavery.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before taking the two out in public, they removed the slave hoods.&nbsp; The gags came out too.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�This is unfair!&nbsp; We didn&#8217;t��
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Out went the ballgag, but in went an inflatable gag.&nbsp; The guard inflated it enough to maintain their silence and then to keep the gag in their mouths.&nbsp; They could push against it with tongues without being able to get it past their teeth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A hood went back on Jennifer while they worked on Toni.&nbsp; They dragged the tall blonde to a spanking bar.&nbsp; Toni tried to kick but nothing she tried stopped her forward movement.&nbsp; They pushed her head down, causing her feet to rise in the air.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With the beautiful blonde in this position, they had no trouble pulling her slack off.&nbsp;&nbsp; The panties followed but were replaced with a pair of tight red ones that covered the bottomcheeks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two were taken out to 
the area of public execution.&nbsp; Anything as delicious as a beautiful woman being spanked deserved an audience.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The left hand was bound to a short stand.&nbsp; A leather glove was fastened on the right hand.&nbsp; As part of the glove was a small circular paddle.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�The punishment is simple.&nbsp; You give yourself 100 smacks on the fanny.&nbsp; Then we will release you.&nbsp; The blows have to be solid to count.&nbsp; The observers here will be the judge of whether a blow was hard or not.&nbsp; Believe me, they will be hard.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guard smiled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�And to encourage you to hurry��
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With that, he inflated the gag in Jennifer&#8217;s mouth.&nbsp; Another guard did the same to the gag in Toni&#8217;s mouth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jennifer and Toni looked at each other.&nbsp; There was noway they were going to spank themselves.&nbsp; They were convinced there was nothing the guards could do to force them to spank themselves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was before the inflatable gag took effect.&nbsp; They tried to close their mouths but could not.&nbsp; The rubber bladder in her mouths kept them forced wide apart.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After about 25 minutes Jennifer whacked herself on the bottom.&nbsp; Toni looked at her as she delivered a second blow to her bottom.&nbsp; She whacked her on bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The spectators did not approve 
of any of the blows.&nbsp; They laughed, thinking it humorous that two beautiful women would be so desperate to spank themselves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You have an out.&nbsp; You can have one of the whipmistresses deliver the 100 blows to you bottom.&nbsp; We remove the inflatable gag and replace it with a ballgag, but you have to promise not to cry out.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toni was the first to agree.&nbsp; They handcuffed her hands behind her before leading her to the standing stocks.&nbsp; She stepped into the spots for her feet and allowed them to fastened the other board in place.&nbsp; A padlock insured she could not flee.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They removed the handcuffs as they bent her over.&nbsp; They drew her arms down so she could place her fingertips on the floor of the device.&nbsp; Another board pinned her wrists in position.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She could not stand up.&nbsp; She could only remain bent over, ready for a spanking.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Only then did they replace the inflatable gag with a standard ballgag.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress was on call as needed.&nbsp; Her principle 
function was to mete out punishment to slave girls as was needed.&nbsp; It took a couple minutes for her to arrive.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(During this period, Jennifer tried to scream through her gag that she wanted to be spanked too.&nbsp; They ignored her for the moment.&nbsp; She was not the first to be beg for a spanking so she would suffer extra.)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When word came that the whipmistress was on her way, they finally released the beautiful brunette.&nbsp; By the time the whipmistress arrived, Jennifer stood bent over to await her fate.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress had no instructions on 
the 
number of swats she was to give the two.&nbsp; She knew that her only goal was to beat the two into submission, whether that was ten swats or two hundred.&nbsp; (Like 
any woman could take that many.)&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She carried a portable rack that held ten of her favorite paddles.&nbsp; (The rack held twenty switches also, but she did not intend to use them.)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She felt Jennifer&#8217;s bottom, then Toni&#8217;s.&nbsp; She selected a paddle and walked back to the brunette.&nbsp; As she fondled the left cheek, she swung the paddle.&nbsp; Satisfied, she laid it down next to Jennifer&#8217;s left leg.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toni was next.&nbsp; The whipmistress selected a paddle before performing the same ritual on the blonde.&nbsp; She frowned after swinging the paddle a few times.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Her ass needs a lighter paddle,� she said to no one 
in particular.&nbsp; She smiled as she swung the light paddle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde wailed as the whipmistress stepped back to bring the left bottom into range.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She tossed the paddle on the box.&nbsp; It bounced, striking the blonde&#8217;s calf before landing on the ground.&nbsp; By then she was bending over to get the paddle designated for Jennifer&#8217;s bottom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette turned her head to see what happened to her partner in crime.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had her own problems to worry about.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress paused at this point to get a drip of white wine.&nbsp; She was in no hurry.&nbsp; The two would submit 
eventually.&nbsp; She did not have to rush.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She moved back toward the blonde.&nbsp; Toni shook her head at the whipmistress&#8217;s approach, like she had 
any say in the matter.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Now it was Jennifer&#8217;s turn again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This continued for a few sessions.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then the other option was given.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We can stop the punishment if you agree to be a slave girl.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Hell, we all knew that was coming.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde and brunette outdid one another nodding to agree they wanted to be slave girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Their hands were released from the standing stocks.&nbsp; Freedom was short lived as they pulled their hands behind their backs to cuff them their.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress held the slave collar down so Jennifer could place her throat in it.&nbsp; The gorgeous brunette hesitated, but that was not going to stop her.&nbsp; The brunette 
indicated she wanted to be a slave girl.&nbsp; The whipmistress would take her up on that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She put one hand on the back of Jennifer&#8217;s head to force her head down.&nbsp; The captive kept her head in that position which allowed the whipmistress to get the slave collar about her neck.&nbsp; Once it was locked, Jennifer was a slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress removed her crotch strap so the new slave girl could use her tongue to please her.&nbsp; When Jennifer was reluctant to do that, the whipmistress grabbed her by the head so she could use her nose in her pussy.&nbsp; She twisted the long tresses to control her captive and to create as much pain as possible.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Use you tongue.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By twisting the hair, she maneuvered the brunette&#8217;s face so her mouth was against her pussy.&nbsp; Jennifer 
began to lick.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toni submitted to one of the guards.&nbsp; In minutes, she found her mouth full of cock.&nbsp; She knew the alternative was another spanking.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a few minutes, another man took the place of the first, and another man after that.&nbsp; The whipmistress wanted to wait her turn, but it took too long.&nbsp; She had to leave.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They passed the two around for the next two hours.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
At the end of that time, they 
had a surprise for them.&nbsp; The two were forced into 
sets of stocks so they had to stand bent over.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The whipmistress had left, taking her paddles with her, but there were many other others about the area.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All because they were slave girls did not mean they were avoiding a spanking.&nbsp; Since they were slave girls they deserved nothing less than a good spanking at the slightest provocation.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!&nbsp; Whack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!!�











Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 124

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin 
had a throbbing headache.&nbsp; She was afraid to open her eyes for fear the light would cause the pain to 
increase.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How had this happened?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had been at her favorite club.&nbsp; There was a blonde there she didn&#8217;t know.&nbsp; What was her name? 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jan.&nbsp; That was it, Jan.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had several drinks.&nbsp; Well, maybe they had more than several.&nbsp; The blonde had this big-chested brunette named Leah.&nbsp; She remembered the slave girl was anxious to please her mistress.&nbsp; The way the slave girl wanted to please her mistress 
made her think Jan was an Amazon.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(She did not realize that no Amazons were blondes.)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A lock of hair was in her mouth.&nbsp; She rubbed her left hand across her cheek but that hair remained in her mouth. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She raised her hand to her face again.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This time she sat upright with a start.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was not a hair in her mouth, it was a ballgag.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Her hands grabbed at it, but the rubber ball in her mouth would not come out.&nbsp; A strap around her head held it in place.&nbsp; She reached behind her head with her hands.&nbsp; The buckle 
had a lock.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How had this happened?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She ran to the mirror to see what it was.&nbsp; As she looked, she saw that she wore a garter belt, stockings and high heels.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The most important thing though was that gag in her mouth.&nbsp; She had to get it out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stopped in shock.&nbsp; The ballgag was no longer important.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What was important was that slave collar about her neck.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She grabbed the leather band with 
both hands.&nbsp; Her fingers tried to get under it, but it was too snug.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She took a couple steps and almost fell over.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt?�&nbsp; (Translation:&nbsp; �These damn shoes!!)
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She ran toward the door.&nbsp; She had her hand on the doorknob but did not swing it open.&nbsp; She could not go out without clothes on.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She returned to the bed to get the sheet but there was none, no sheets, no blanket, nothing she could use to cover her nakedness.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She paced back and forth as she tried to figure out a plan.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her left hand fingered the collar.&nbsp; She did not dare go out in public like this.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She froze when she heard the door open behind her.&nbsp; She jumped to the side of the room to hide behind a wardrobe.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The French Maid entered quickly, her high heels clicking on the hard floor merrily.&nbsp; She saw the bed was unmade, so she went to it first.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin knew she did not have much time before the French Maid saw her.&nbsp; She glanced at the door.&nbsp; The French Maid had left it open.&nbsp; As a slave girl she had no privacy so she left it open so anyone without could look in.&nbsp; The beautiful brunette looked back at the French Maid.&nbsp; As with every slave girl, she was gagged so she did not have to worry about her 
making a noise.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She took a step toward the door.&nbsp; She tried to walk quickly, but in high heels she could not.&nbsp; The French Maid turned toward her, but her long hair got in her way.&nbsp; She had to straighten and turn.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she realized the French Maid was going to look, she raced for the door.&nbsp; The French Maid ran after her.&nbsp; Erin reached the door first, swinging it shut so it closed with a load �bang.�&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The French Maid was on her before she could turn.&nbsp; She had more experience in heels than Erin did so it was an unequal fight.&nbsp; Erin was 
motivated
 to try to regain her freedom while the French Maid only desired to secure another slave girl.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They wrestled about on the floor.&nbsp; They rolled over and over.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Since 
both were gagged, there was little noise to the fighting, but they still 
made strange sounds.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Let&#8217;s admit it.&nbsp; They threw few punches, but there was 
a lot of hair pulling.&nbsp; They rolled around on the floor, first in one direction, then in the other.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Eventually someone heard something.&nbsp; A French Maid opened the door to see what the sound was.&nbsp; One look at the sight of a French Maid and a naked woman rolling on the floor told her something was wrong.&nbsp; She ran for help.&nbsp; She could not tell the mistress what was wrong, but she gestured wildly down the corridor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress&#8217;s first thought was that the slave girl was being disobedient.&nbsp; It was something of a natural feeling.&nbsp; Her first thought was to have some justification for punishing this slave girl.&nbsp; She soon realized the slave girl was trying to tell her something.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave girl allowed the mistress to take the lead.&nbsp; As they approached the door, the mistress heard sounds that told her something was wrong.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she saw the two wrestling around on the floor, she assumed the worst (again).&nbsp; She grabbed the first slave girl by the upper arm and spun her into the room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Help her!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The slave girl jumped on the two.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress knew this would not end soon.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I need some help in here!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That brought another mistress at a run.&nbsp; In seconds they had Erin on her front with her wrists cuffed behind her back.&nbsp; The two French Maid immediately rose to heir knees.&nbsp; They were uncertain they were going to be punished or reward for their efforts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin tried to roll over so she could sit up (and get ready to 
make another escape 
attempt) but the mistress frustrated that by planting her left boot in the woman&#8217;s back.&nbsp; Every time the beautiful brunette tried to move, she added a little pressure.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You two,� she said, 
indicating the kneeling slave girls.&nbsp; �Grab her by the feet and drag her down to the punishment room.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She waited until the two came to their feet before removing her foot so she could step out of the way.&nbsp; Erin tried to roll over again, but the slave girl on her left grabbed her by the ankle and pulled up, forcing her to remain face down.&nbsp; The second slave girl had to wait until the mistress had gotten out of the way before she could reach the captive&#8217;s feet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress started off without waiting to see if the two French Maids did what she ordered.&nbsp; If they succeeded, Erin would soon be downstairs.&nbsp; If they failed (they would be punished) and the buxom brunette would quickly be caught.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin twisted and bucked to try to force them to let go of her ankles, but they held on with 
both hands and pulled.&nbsp; Facedown, Erin slid across the floor to the door.&nbsp; From there, they turned left to follow the balcony.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If you think Erin had it bad then, you should have seen it when they dragged her down the steps.&nbsp; Her head bounced on each step.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had resisted on the balcony, but she did not try to escape once they had her on the ground floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�On her feet.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two let go of her ankles so they could grab her by the upper arms and pull her to her feet.&nbsp;&nbsp; The mistress pointed toward a simple spanking bar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�On her back.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They stretched the lovely brunette backwards so her lower back pressed against the bar.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Hold her like that.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress attached a leather cuff to each ankle.&nbsp; A short chain connected the cuff to a ring in the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As she rose, she placed her right hand against Erin&#8217;s chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You,� she said to one of the French Maids.&nbsp; �Come here.�&nbsp; As soon as the slave girl was within reach, she removed her black satin panties.&nbsp; As she straightened again, she added,&nbsp; �On her face.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With that order, the mistress shoved against the brunette&#8217;s chest, causing her head to fall back toward the floor.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin was afraid she would hit her head, but the chains stopped her feet from raising that far.&nbsp; The French Maid moved forward to straddle her head, Erin face against her crotch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress snapped her fingers and pointed toward the floor.&nbsp; The French Maid knelt.&nbsp; She knew the woman was not finished with her yet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress crossed the room to one of the many cabinets that held supplies used in disciplining slave girls.&nbsp; She pushed aside 
several gags and blindfolds, various types of cuffs and leashes.&nbsp; She smiled when she found what she wanted.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This 
required two slave girls (three counting the one on Erin&#8217;s face).&nbsp; She found one dusting furniture in the bar and led her to Erin.&nbsp; She laid a large steel D-ring on Erin&#8217;s lower abdomen.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�
Make it tight.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two slave girls knew what she meant, and jumped to obey.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress moved around the spanking bar to stand beside Erin.&nbsp; She used a switch to tap on her bare tits.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Move your face around.&nbsp; Reward her for helping to secure you.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin did not want to, but the continuous tapping on her nipples hurt.&nbsp; She head moved involuntarily as the pain shot through her bosom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took ten minutes before they finished.&nbsp; When the mistress decided they had done enough, she waved them toward the floor.&nbsp; The two knelt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress stepped around the spanking bar again so her hips touched the brunette&#8217;s inner thighs.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had tied to the captive brunette&#8217;s the D-ring.&nbsp; They spent the ten minutes tying the pubic hair about the flat edge of the metal item, one hair at a time.&nbsp; The mistress inserted her right index finger through the D-ring and pulled up.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She considered that proof that the D-ring was in there solid.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She moved to a wall where several chain leashes hung from hooks on the wall.&nbsp; When she returned, she attached the end of one to the D-ring.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A nod signaled the slave girl to back off Erin&#8217;s head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette straightened up suddenly when the mistress pulled on the leash.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmfffffftttttt.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Good.&nbsp; I have your attention.&nbsp; Follow me.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The mistress walked quickly.&nbsp; Erin was unused to walking in high heels and the pull on the leash forced her to move quickly to avoid having the roots of her pubic hair pulled.&nbsp; The mistress led the captive to a public punishment room.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Different inns had different methods of entertaining the customers.&nbsp; Some had singers, some had dancers.&nbsp; Each 
had a public punishment room where slave girls could be punished before for public delight.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stepped around a spanking bar, forcing Erin to lean across it.&nbsp; She grabbed Erin&#8217;s hair to pull her forward and down.&nbsp; 
At the same time she dropped the leash on the same side as Erin&#8217;s legs.&nbsp; When she had the captive&#8217;s head low enough, she moved forward to straddle it.&nbsp; This kept the beautiful brunette&#8217;s pinned down.&nbsp; The mistress placed her hands on the upper back, pushing down further.&nbsp; Erin&#8217;s feet rose in the air.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She waved another mistress toward her, then pointed down toward the floor.&nbsp; The second mistress brought the leash forward.&nbsp; She locked the leash to the ring on the front of the young woman&#8217;s collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Both stepped back.&nbsp; Erin remained perched atop the spanking bar with her rump raised slightly in the air.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let&#8217;s give this impudent thing a little lesson.&nbsp; Slave girls aren&#8217;t permitted to run away.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin was in no position to resist when the woman spanked her bottom with a leather paddle.&nbsp; She squirmed at first, but soon discovered that 
any movement at all caused the D-ring to pull on her public hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She had to lie there quietly and accept her punishment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When that mistress finished, there were others.&nbsp; Some people stopped by the room just to see if there were 
any little slave girls in need of punishment.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Eventually, someone was free, someone was going across town in the direction of the town square.&nbsp; That person led Erin there (using the D-ring).&nbsp; A few minutes after leaving the inn, she found herself stretched out over another spanking bar, secure in place by a chain running from the D-ring, under the spanking bar, to the collar.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had one extra treat for the luscious brunette.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They pushed a special dildo into her exposed pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The �special� part of this dildo was the external sheath.&nbsp; A few centimeters penetrated the brunette&#8217;s pussy.&nbsp; It was in her so far that there was little chance it would come out on its own. The sheath pressed against her labia.&nbsp; Four springs kept the dildo from remaining permanently in her pussy.&nbsp; It could go in another ten centimeters, but when the pressure was released, the spring would push the dildo back out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eight rubber ridges protruded from the dildo.&nbsp; When it was pushed in, they rubbed against her labia on the way in, exciting her.&nbsp; The end was large and reinforced with a steel band to keep it from coming apart.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was heavy duty.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The person who bound her there pressed the palm of his hand against the butt of the dildo.&nbsp; Pushing hard he rammed it in her.&nbsp; When he pulled his hand away, the springs caused it to pop out.&nbsp; He rammed it in.&nbsp; It popped out.&nbsp; In and out, in and out, in and out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin&#8217;s breath became labored as this continual assault on her pussy aroused her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Once he had accomplished that, he switched from his hand to a wooden paddle.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Smack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;the force of the blow striking the button of the dildo drove it in.&nbsp; the paddle continued forward until it contacted her soft flesh. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Smack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What exquisite agony!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was approaching an orgasm even as the pain shot through her red rump.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Smack!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mmmmmffffftttt!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When he left, other people came by who wanted to punish her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The price of having an orgasm was to have the spanker intensify the frequency and force of the blows.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At some time in the early afternoon, a city official came by.&nbsp; Without disturbing the fun of those spanking the luscious brunette, he wrote down the registration number on her collar.&nbsp; When he returned to city hall, he passed those numbers he had written down to the Bureau of Slave Girl Registration.&nbsp; By checking the requisition number, they could tell who she belonged ot.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Hmm.&nbsp; I think this warrants bringing this one here.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was how Erin ended up in the clerk&#8217;s office of the Bureau.&nbsp; She had to walk there with that dildo still stuck between her legs.&nbsp; Warned of further punishment if she let it fall out, she had to clench her muscles together to hold it in.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had her stand bent over while they waited for her owner.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While they waited, they placed with the dildo, bringing her to the edge of an orgasm before stopping.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Had she not been gagged, she would have begged to be fucked.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�here he comes!&nbsp; Here he comes!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They came to their feet.&nbsp; They respected the powerful.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We brought her here to insure she wouldn&#8217;t get lost,� said one.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As they expected all were tipped well.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He moved over in front of Erin so he could pull her erect by the hair.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�This little morsel had illusions of getting away.&nbsp; I guess she 
has a severe lesson to learn.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin looked up into Canjac&#8217;s smiling eyes.









Slave Girls in Bondage

Chapter 125

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac&#8217;s plan did not end with slapping a slave collar on the naughty nymph.&nbsp; He wanted to extract more punishment than that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Trying to run away is only one bad this she has done.&nbsp; She also is reluctant to suck cock.&nbsp; Could I prevail on you gentlemen to give her a good pussy whipping until she wants a cock in her mouth.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You just want us to run her through it once?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�No, just run her through until she learns her real purpose in life.&nbsp; Then bring her to my place.&nbsp; I&#8217;m throwing a little party.&nbsp; I just came into possession of a new group of slave girls.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men were not stupid and they were pretty sure that the reason Erin did not want to suck cock was that Canjac had just recently slapped a collar about her pretty neck&nbsp;&nbsp; the new group of slave girls had to be Erin&#8217;s former slaves.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was how Erin found herself standing on the pussy whipper.&nbsp; The laminated label on the side said the device had a proper name and a couple nicknames, but the pussy whipper pretty much said it all.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She stood with her high heels on a pair of stirrups that ran up her back to her waist.&nbsp; A leather strap about her slender waist kept her in place while a strap about each lower shin kept her from moving her legs.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her legs were spread, her pussy exposed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The operational part of the pussy whipper was where she stood vulnerable.&nbsp; The set up area was in front of her.&nbsp; A wooden wheel four centimeters thick stood on each before her.&nbsp; An axle penetrated the center with the ends resting on a ramp on each side.&nbsp; The men adjusted the height of the ramps; they wanted the wheel to pass several centimeters under the brunette&#8217;s crotch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The key part of the device where the twelve leather straps mounted on the side of the wheel.&nbsp; The straps hung limply down from the device, but when it started spinning, centrifugal force would cause them to stand out straight.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A pair of leather belts was attached to the axles next to the wheels.&nbsp; The men hung the weights and released the brake.&nbsp; The wheel spun slowly at first, then faster and faster until the leather straps stuck straight out.&nbsp; They then released a second brake that allowed the device to move forward slowly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The anticipation was almost as bad as the pain.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin knew what they were about to do to her.&nbsp; She tried to move her hips to the right and left but her cunt could not move much at all.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In three or four minutes, the first of the tips struck her cunt.&nbsp; Pain shot through her pussy.&nbsp; She tried to get out of the way, but the pummeling was relentless.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When they gave her the opportunity to suck cock, she was only too happy to do it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her effort must have been lacking through as put her back on the device.&nbsp; One time was not enough though.&nbsp; They sent her through it twice.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Boy, did she ever enjoy it, or at least she acted as though she did.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac had a stop to make before returning to his compound.&nbsp; He had to insure that Erin was his registered slave girl.&nbsp; That required a few well-placed bribes.&nbsp; That gave him legal ownership of Erin&#8217;s slave girls.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He then sent men to collect them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What, uh, happens when we, uh, find your girl friend?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�She enjoys wearing a collar, so just leave her in it.&nbsp; Tell her she has to earn her dildo gag by midnight, or she gets a spanking.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�How do I identify her?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Tall brunette.&nbsp; Take all the tall brunette&#8217;s aside and tell them one at a time.�
Jan entered Canjac&#8217;s compound through the small door in back.&nbsp; She had not knocked, she simply entered.&nbsp; Since the foray to rescue his property, she had come over often.&nbsp; As Peggy showed up less, she came more often.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An almost continuous mewing sound attracted her to the left where she knew Canjac had some training rooms.&nbsp; She moved in that direction since she did not see Canjac about.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The room had an automatic walker.&nbsp; She had seen these in use before, usually two or four arms.&nbsp; Once she saw one with eight.&nbsp; This one had four, but there were far more slave girls than that.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were four slave girls attached to the four rotating arms.&nbsp; With each arm ten meters long, the diameter was something more than 60 meters.&nbsp; The distance between each arm was an arc of 15 meters, allowing for five or six additional slave girls between the rotating arms.&nbsp; The blonde counted.&nbsp; There were three or four between the slave girls attached to the arms.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One slave girl stood at the arm with the ring on her collar locked to the ring on the arm.&nbsp; Another slave girl stood behind her, tethered to the ring on the back of the first slave girl&#8217;s collar.&nbsp; Another was tethered behind her.&nbsp; To insure they remained organized, a chain ran from the last slave girl&#8217;s collar to the arm behind her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;None of the slave girls noticed her as each wore a black leather slave hood that covered her eyes and ears.&nbsp; Jan saw that the hoods were on permanently as she could see two or three padlocks on each.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were not alone.&nbsp; Two of Canjac&#8217;s men rotated about the ground.&nbsp; The slave girls move counterclockwise, the men moved clockwise.&nbsp; Periodically they flicked switches against bare bottoms to spur them on.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Who are they?� she asked when a man passed by.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Haven&#8217;t you wondered what happened to the Amazons?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jan&#8217;s eyebrows shot up at this notice and she smiled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I have heard that Amazons make the best slave girls.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She heard the other man chuckling as he passed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She found Canjac in a hallway with three of his men.&nbsp; When he saw the blonde approach, he nodded and gestured toward the door.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You said you had need of my talent.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I have a new slave girl.&nbsp; I have an idea on how I want to punish her.&nbsp; I want your help.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac directed her into another room where Erin waited.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette wore a ballgag harness.&nbsp; The chinstrap forced her to bite down on the rubber ball, insuring her silence.&nbsp; A chain from the ceiling was locked to the ring on top the harness.&nbsp; She could move less than a meter in any direction.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She wanted to move, Canjac&#8217;s guards saw to that.&nbsp; A couple men circled around her with switches.&nbsp; Every time she moved in one direction, a man would swat her on the hip.&nbsp; She spun about to get away from the switch, but in doing so, she presented a target in another direction.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She could not tell what was going on as she wore a blindfold.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two watched her for almost half a women. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jan leaned over to whisper, �What do you want to do to her?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�I&#8217;ll show you.&nbsp; One of my men checked a dozen green grocers in search of the largest gingerroot in town.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With a nod of his head, he signaled the men to bring the buxom brunette along.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the end of the corridor, they came to the room where Canjac liked to display his merchandise for potential buyers.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He also held some swinging parties there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He pointed to the floor under one of the omnipresent dangling chains.&nbsp; While his men positioned the arrogant bitch there, Canjac drew a spreader bar from a supply cabinet.&nbsp; As he approached the captive, he tossed it to the man.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He returned to the cabinet to get three pieces of rope.&nbsp; By the time he returned to Erin, they had the spreader bar between her ankles so she had to stand with her feet a meter and a half apart.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac moved behind her.&nbsp; He tossed two ropes over his left shoulder.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The remaining one he looped around Erin&#8217;s upper arms a centimeter from the elbows.&nbsp; She tried to resist, but with the handcuffs, spreader bar and blindfold she could do nothing.&nbsp; Canjac grabbed the ends of the rope and pulled as hard as he could, drawing her elbows together.&nbsp; He tied a quick overhand knot to keep the loops tight.&nbsp; He then pushed one end between her upper arms and the other between her forearms.&nbsp; When he pulled this time, he cinched those first few loops.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With her arms largely immobile, she could not resist when he tied the end of the second rope to her left wrist.&nbsp; When he removed the handcuffs, she tried to fight further bondage but she was far too helpless to do much.&nbsp; She tied her wrists together palm-to-palm, cinching them so there was no slack. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She now could move her arms no more than a couple centimeters to the right and left.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac pulled the blindfold off her head.&nbsp; Erin blinked rapidly as her eyes became used to the light.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac turned to one of the men and made a circular motion with his hand.&nbsp; The man moved to a windlass on the wall.&nbsp; When he turned the handle, the chain came down from the ceiling.&nbsp; Canjac singled him to stop when the bottom link almost reach Erin&#8217;s neck.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He threaded the final rope through the bottom link.&nbsp; As he tied one end to the rope about her wrists, Erin tried to turn her head to see what was going on behind her but her hair blocked her view.&nbsp; Canjac passed the rope from her left hand to her right as he moved around in front of her.&nbsp; Once in front of her, he tied the other end to the ring on top her head.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As he stepped back, he motioned the man at the windlass to turn the handle.&nbsp; As the chain shorten, Erin&#8217;s hands were drawn into the air behind her.&nbsp; She had to bend over, putting her head back.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the brunette&#8217;s upper body was parallel to the floor, he signaled the man to stop.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What do you think about this as a target,� he said as he moved around behind Erin again.&nbsp; Jan joined him.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He gestured at Erin&#8217;s pink asshole.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The blonde smiled.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Where&#8217;s that humongous gingerroot your man bought?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the blonde carved it into the correct shape, Canjac retrieved two more objects from the supply cabinet.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Each device was a cord with a spring clip on each end.&nbsp; When one pulled on the cord, the maniples of the clamp pulled together.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac slid one clamp under the severe arch of the fifteen-centimeter high heel.&nbsp; He massaged her right nipple to make it hard, then attached one clamp.&nbsp; He ran the other up to the right side of her cunt but did not attach it.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Twenty centimeters from one end of the device was a brass cylinder used to adjust its length.&nbsp; Canjac used his thumb to make coarse changes to the length.&nbsp; This required him to run it up to Erin&#8217;s pussy several times until he knew the length was close.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He attached the clamp to the labia.&nbsp; Her eyes opened when he did that.&nbsp; Her breathing became labored.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Calm down.&nbsp; This isn&#8217;t bad.&nbsp; It will get a lot worse in a few seconds.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He used his index finger and thumb to turn a hex nut on the end.&nbsp; Her eyes shot open and she grunted when pain shot through her cunt.&nbsp; He gave the hex nut half a turn to loosen it a little.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac applied the second device as he had the first.&nbsp; He moved back and forth between the two to get the tension even.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Erin could feel the clamps on her nipples and cunt.&nbsp; As long as she did not move, the pain was not too bad.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She could not remain motionless very long.&nbsp; She shifted a little back and forth.&nbsp; Pain erupted between her legs and on her chest.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She whimpered each time her body flexed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jan held up the gingerroot she had been working on while Canjac set Erin in bondage.&nbsp; The dildo she carved was extra large.&nbsp; As she held it up, she twisted it back and forth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Canjac nodded, the blonde moved around behind Erin.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Open wide and say &#8216;Ah.&#8217;�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Aaaggggggrrrrraaa!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jan shoved it in and twisted it back and forth.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Aaaggggggrrrrraaa!! Aaaggggggrrrrraaa!! Aaaggggggrrrrraaa!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Pushing it was would have sufficed, but she enjoyed seeing her victim squirm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Aaaggggggrrrrraaa!! Aaaggggggrrrrraaa!! Aaaggggggrrrrraaa!!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�What do we do now?�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�We wait.&nbsp; We watch.&nbsp; We enjoy.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The burning in her ass forced Erin to squirm.&nbsp; Pain more intense than any paddle shot through her body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just as Erin&#8217;s whimpering had reached a pleasant hum, the two were distracted by a noise at the high bay door.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�They are bringing in the rest of her merchandise.&nbsp; I made a few well-placed bribes to make her legally mine and so all her possessions become mine also.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of those possessions was Andrea.&nbsp; Remember her?&nbsp; Cute as a button.&nbsp; Killer body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Canjac&#8217;s men came collect all Erin&#8217;s slave girls from the kennel.&nbsp; She was just one, but the leader of the group spotted her immediately.&nbsp; She was something special.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was part of the coffle led across town to Canjac&#8217;s compound.&nbsp; She had no idea where she was.&nbsp; She had no idea who Canjac was.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She waited in line in a hallway while Canjac came out.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Boss, take a look at this one.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�This one� was Andrea.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They removed the end of her tether chain, pulled her forward.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�She is a beauty!�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had the blonde slowly rotate about so Canjac could inspect her body.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Let&#8217;s see if she can perform as well as she looks.�
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Jan had no interest in watching.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Mind if I look around at your merchandise?�
�Go ahead.&nbsp; I&#8217;m in a good mood.&nbsp; Maybe we can strike a deal.�
Andrea wiggled her ass past Jan as she followed her new master into the room where Erin&#8217;s agony grew exponentially.
In line behind Andrea was Peggy, the originator of this scenario.&nbsp; Canjac&#8217;s interest in her had disappeared once he saw Andrea.&nbsp; Peggy enjoyed being treated as a slave girl so he indulged her fantasy by treating her as one.
Second after entering the room with her master, Andrea found herself on her knees with her head between his legs.&nbsp; She extended her head forward to kiss the tip of her cock.&nbsp; Opening wide, she took into her mouth as much of his cock as she could.
She had forgotten how good it felt to suck cock.
Her head jerked forward and back, forward and back.
Her blue eyes looked up at Canjac, searching for some sign of approval.
A man&#8217;s cock filled her mouth.&nbsp; Her beautiful face moved forward and back, faster and faster as she tried to please him.
She knew she was exactly where she was meant to be.


The end.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kilogram


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





