BDSM Library - Debbie Visits a Spanish Mental Hospital




Debbie Visits a Spanish Mental Hospital
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In order to know the secret therpy provided in this mental hospital, Nurse Debbie decided to be admitted as a patient. There she found out much more than she wanted to know about.
DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter One

It was a beautiful Spring day, a Sunday, and neither Dr. Todd Martin, my current
"significant other" or I, a student nurse, were on duty at the hospital. We were
out for a walk enjoying the budding trees and unseasonably warm weather.

"Debbie, I have something to ask you. You know that I had put in for a brief
leave of absence so that I could go out to Los Angeles to teach and do a little
research at one of the trauma centers. Well, my request has been granted and
they have given me three months. So I am going on June 1st. I want you to come 
with me."

This news came somewhat as a surprise although I thought he deserved the leave.
Also, the period of time would correspond to my summer vacation, but this was
only for two months.

Todd sensed my hesitation and said, "We could have lots of fun. Remember that
Los Angeles is quite a city with some of the bizarre and exotic activities that
we have enjoyed in a small way."

"Todd, I am thrilled that you would ask me, but you will be very busy with your
work there and I would just be in the way. Besides, I have been thinking about
going to Europe to do a little research of my own."

Looking disappointed but interested, Todd asked, "What kind of research?"

"Well you know that I have been rotating thru psychiatry. The first two weeks
were on the out-patient service which was dull. Everyone was either depressed,
had sexual problems or other interpersonal difficulties. Then I went on the
in-patient, "locked ward" service. I am really enjoying the challenges there but
am a little disappointed. Although some of the patients are admitted in an
agitated or violent state, they are quickly given drugs and become zombies."

Todd laughed and said, "What's wrong with that."

"Nothing except they don't seem to make much progress towards recovery.
Anyway, I got to wondering whether the results of modern therapy for these
patients was any better than treatment before we had all these wonderful drugs.
So I started reading and looking up articles in the hospital library. You know,
most of the therapy in the past consisted of physical means to control hysteria,
agitation, violence and the manic states. These means included restraint,
hydrotherapy and others."

"So what were results of that approach?" Todd asked.

"The articles don't really say, but the implication was that the patients
responded some of the time. It's hard to tell. Anyway, I discussed this topic
with the chief of the psychiatry department. He told me that in certain European
countries, the cost of modern drugs prohibits a medical approach and therefore
the old physical approach is still used. I told him that I had recently earned
$2000 doing some extracurricular work - I didn't tell him what type - and maybe
I would just take a trip abroad to look into this further."

"The chief had seemed amused by this but had told me that it would make a
wonderful thesis for my nursing degree. Also, he said that he knew psychiatrists
in both France and Spain and would be happy to contact them if I wished."

Todd interrupted me, "You aren't really serious about this, are you?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact I am. And I told the chief that I was fluent in
Spanish having grown up in a Spanish neighborhood. I didn't tell him that most
of my vocabulary consisted of dirty words and slang expressions. He is going to
let me know. Anyway, I could go over there and return in time for a week with
you."

I guess Todd didn't really know what to say. He obviously didn't want to stifle
my enthusiasm but was concerned about my traipsing around Spain by myself. So I
said, "Probably nothing will come of this. And if it works out, just think of
all the fun you will have by yourself in California."

A week or so later, I excitedly called Todd to say, "Guess what? I am going to
Spain. The chief asked me to come to his office today and informed me that he
had received a call from Dr. Pedro Morales who it turns out is the head of the
government mental hospital system in Spain. He lives in Madrid and apparently
would enjoy having me come over and be his guest. So, I called a travel agency
and have my tickets!"

Todd could hear my enthusiasm but did say he wanted to discuss things with me.
We met that evening and had some arguments. Finally he said, "Well I support
your decisions. Just don't do anything foolish, come back as quickly as possible
and I'll see you in L.A."




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Two

The flight to Madrid was rather uneventful. I kept thinking of how I was to get
the answers to my questions. I was met at the airport by a young man who turned
out to be a resident studying under Dr. Morales. On the way into town I had a
chance to use my Spanish and found that it came back quickly. He complemented me
and laughed at some of my expressions. I was surprised and happy to hear that he
was taking me to the home of Dr. Morales and would be staying there. This would
save me some money.

Dr. Morales was in his late sixties as was his attractive wife. They graciously
welcomed me and showed me their guest room. After dinner that evening, Dr.
Morales took me into his study where we talked for sometime. He explained his
position and the fact that he was sort of responsible for the standards of care
in the mental hospitals, standards that he had a hard time checking for the
hospitals were spread out over the country.

"My problem, Debbie, is that I get occasional reports of poor care, abuse and
questionable experimental treatment, but when I go to the hospitals, everything
looks fine. I feel that I have to let them know I am coming, otherwise it would
be like the Gestapo making a surprise visit. I think maybe they prepare for my
visits."

I replied, "I guess as your representative I would get the same reception.
But I have been thinking about a different approach. How about your admitting me
to one of those hospitals as a patient? Could you do that?"

"Yes, but I can think of several reasons why this wouldn't work. To begin with I
think you would have a hard time faking mental illness. Next, it could be hard
on you, perhaps even dangerous."

"No, I am very familiar with various forms of insanity including violence, manic
states, paranoia, and extreme agitation. Next, I am tough and actually think
various forms of therapy would be very interesting - and mentioned a few. Also,
I can't imagine any real danger might be involved. You are probably concerned
about sexual abuse, even rape. Well, I'm just finishing my period, so I am not
likely to get pregnant."

"You may be over-estimating your ability young lady, but you seem to have really
thought things through. And I guess I could specify that under no circumstances
should they use electroshock or insulin shock therapy. Hell, maybe you are a
little crazy - and I could sure use the information about what really goes on."

I was excited about the possibility that my imaginative thoughts might really
come to pass. What would it really be like?

"Debbie, you go to bed and think about it. Maybe the answer is to follow me
around my hospital here in Madrid for a few weeks."

"No, I really want to try it," I replied, my hands a little sweaty and my pulse
a little fast.

"I suppose I could set it up with the plan that I would come and get you in five
or six days."

That seemed to be a very short time so I said, "No, if we are going to do it,
let's do it right. How about two weeks?"

His reply was, "I'll think about that. Get a good night's and I'll get my wife
to bring you to my private office at about ten in the morning. I have to make
rounds early and will then see what arrangements I can make. When do you want to
do this?"

"The sooner the better," I replied. I didn't want time to wonder whether I was
really crazy.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Three

I slept rather fitfully, my thoughts going in all sorts of directions. I
probably should have called Todd but knew he would raise hell with my plan.
After breakfast the next morning, Mrs. Gonzales took me to the office that was
attached to the hospital. I was greeted my the office nurse who seemed
efficient, attractive and sympathetic. I could not tell how much Dr. Gonzales
had told her. She ushered me into a little waiting room and a few minutes later
took me into his office where he greeted me with a smile.

"Well, things seem to be working out. You can still back out, but I have made
arrangements for you to be taken my private ambulance to a hospital that I have
questions about, and be admitted there. I have also done the necessary paper
work. This includes an involuntary commitment by reason of "insanity" for a
period of ninety days, this being the standard. My name is down as the
committing doctor. I have stated that there is no known family. The diagnosis
is paranoia with violence. I have specified no exact treatment plan but have
stated I would not allow the shock therapy that we mentioned last night. They
may think this is peculiar but will obey my request. I called the head
psychiatrist and he has accepted a transfer today."

I gulped and said, "You mean right now?"

"Yes - unless you say no. I have ordered the transfer vehicle to pick you up in
45 minutes. My nurse will help get you ready. Remember that I will plan to
retrieve you from the hospital in 12 to 14 days unless I get too nervous before
then." With that he buzzed his nurse and explained to her my background,
interest in the physical forms of mental therapy and the plan for "commitment".

She seemed to be amazed but also quickly caught on to the possible insight that
might be gained into what really transpired at the hospitals. As she led me into
a treatment room, she said that she had thought about doing what I had proposed
but decided she was not up to it. She told me get undressed and to put on a
hospital gown while she talked to the doctor.

I stripped down and pushed my arms through the short sleeves of the gown. I
noted that there were no strings on the back and remembered that this was
standard practice. No strings to possible tie together as a noose in an attempt
to commit suicide.

When she returned she said that the doctor would be in shortly. She bundled up
my clothes and took my earrings, watch and a ring. These were placed in a bag
with a tag bearing my name.

Dr. Morales looked at me carefully when he entered. "Last chance," he said.

"I'm ready," was my reply although I wondered whether I really was.

"O.K., we are going to give you some paraldehyde. You may not be familiar with
this drug but it was frequently used in your country before the advent of modern
drugs. It is a sedative and can be given by mouth or per rectum. It has an odor
and tastes rather bad, occasionally causing vomiting. So the nurse will instill
it into your rectum. The sedation would be standard practice for someone with
your diagnosis."

As the nurse was preparing this I asked, "Where is the hospital I am going to?"

"You don't need to know that, and wouldn't know it if you were a real patient,"
was his reply - which made sense to me.

With that the nurse had me roll onto my side and gently inserted a small
catheter into my rectum. I then felt the cool fluid flow in, following which the
tube was removed. I didn't feel any different but she explained that it took
about 10 to 15 minutes to work. She then brought into the room a stretcher on
wheels and had me lie down on it. A blanket was placed over me and she then
produced leather restraining cuffs.

"Sorry about this," she said as she placed these around my wrists and ankles.
Straps were passed through the hasps and were attached to the frame of the
stretcher, drawing my hands and feet to the sides of the frame. I tested the
straps by pulling but found that they were strong. Then over my body at the
levels of my breasts, waist, hips and lower thighs were placed broad straps of
canvas webbing. These also were fixed to the frame and tightened snugly.

"Feeling helpless, Debbie?" Dr. Morales asked. "You better get used to it."

By this time I was feeling light headed and dizzy. I tried to reply but my mouth
would not work, so I just smiled. I became aware of two men entering the room.

They talked a few minutes to the doctor and inspected the papers he gave them. I
remember them moving the stretcher out into the hallway but little more until...
..as I drifted back into consciousness, I realized the van or ambulance was
swaying and could hear the engine. Should I start screaming and acting like a
patient?

No, I had better wait. They stopped soon afterwards and when one of them checked
me by shaking my head, I feigned sleep. I guess they went for lunch or a toilet
break. Come to think of it my bladder was getting full and I was hungry. I heard
one of them say the hospital should be only about another twenty miles. With
that I decided to start my act.

This consisted in screaming, swearing and demanding to know what was going on.

One of the men came back to me and tried to calm me down, but I called him every
bad name I could think of and said I knew he had poisoned me. When my yelling
finally included his mother and his lack of a father, he roughly stuffed a rag
into my mouth and taped it in place.

Now my cries were simply unintelligible grunts. The rag pushed my tongue down
and almost made me gag.

Soon afterwards, the vehicle slowed, stopped and then backed up. I could see an
old stone building, looking a little like an old factory except that the windows
had bars. It really looked like a prison. I guess they talked to someone for I
heard doors opening and then they were pulling the stretcher out and wheeling it
into a corridor.

"Take her into the admitting office," someone said. "Did she give you any
trouble?"

"No, she slept most of the way but was a little noisy. I don't think she is as
violent as the documents say."

"Well our stretchers are same as yours, so take one and you can be on your way
home."

"Thanks and good luck with her. Too bad, she looks like a pretty young woman."

With that I guess the ambulance left. I could see one male orderly and one
rather large, buxom female nurse.

"Well her admitting orders are to clean her up, feed her and get her bedded down
for the night in one of the tight rooms even if she isn't agitated," she said.

They came over to me and released the body straps. I just glared at them.

Then they unfastened my wrists and ankles. It was time for my act. I pulled out
the gag and suddenly kicked out with one leg. Although I had not intended to hit
anyone, my foot caught the nurse right on one of her large breasts. She gasped,
yelled and fell to the floor. The orderly tried to grab me by throwing his arms
around me. To break this embrace, I had been taught in karate class to bring my
knee up - which I reflexly did. He went a little pale and grabbed his testicles
calling me a dirty bitch. But I was free and ran into the hall, aware that I was
almost naked. A bell sounded. Through the nearest door I ran only to find myself
in an office with no other exit.

As I turned I was confronted my another nurse or aide carrying a baton with a
flashing red light. I had heard of cattle prods and other shocking devices and
assumed this was one of them so I backed away from her. I was also aware of a
man taking something out of a pack but the nurse seemed to be the biggest threat
to me. Suddenly over my head and body came a net which engulfed me. I was thrown
to the floor and rolled, making the net tighter around me. My arms were against
my chest and I couldn't get them free. Very little was said as they tightened a
strap around my ankles, and there I lay.

"I guess her diagnosis was right. Let's get her cleaned up and quieted down,"
the nurse said. With that I decided to really give them some trouble by
urinating.

"She's going to be a problem."

"Well, we can handle her - just watch." The nurse and orderly then simply
dragged me screaming, net and all, out into the corridor and down into another
room which looked like a big shower room. To my dismay I could see pedestal
mounted nozzles on one side pointing towards open stalls with various rings on
the walls and floor. The nurse reached through the netting and replaced my wrist
and ankle cuffs, this time placing small locks on the hasps. My wrists were then
fastened together in front of me. Only then was I unwrapped slowly. As soon as
they could get to my cuffed wrists and before releasing my thighs and legs, a
large hook was placed around the link between the cuffs. This hook was at the
end of a block and tackle arrangement coming down from the ceiling of the stall.

As the orderly held me, the nurse pushed a button on the wall and I felt my
hands being pulled upwards. I was soon in a standing position on tiptoes. The
rest of the netting was unwrapped and my gown was torn off. I almost forgot to
curse them for I was mortified at what was happening.

But I didn't forget to yell bloody murder when the first blast of ice cold water
hit me.

More than the coldness was the tremendous force of the jet. It hit me on the
left side of my abdomen forcing me backwards and spinning me around. Tethered by
my cuffed wrists, my toes left the tiled floor and my shoulders and arms took my
full weight.

The stream kept punching at me as I swung and spun. I hurled obscenities at both
of my tormentors only to get the jet directed at my face which at that time was
lodged between my raised arms. My head tilted backwards and the water filled my
mouth and nose. For a moment I couldn't get my breath and had spasmodic
coughing, but the stream then went down to my breasts which felt like they were
being pushed to one side or the other. When my thighs became the target, the
water streamed between them, freezing my warmest parts. Christ, I didn't know
how much more I could stand.

"Please stop, you bastards. You're killing me." As the jet hit my legs, I found
that I could flex my knees and hips, thus avoiding the blast. Dangling there as
the block and tackle unwound, I realized I was dizzy from being spun, my
shoulders ached and my strength was decreasing. I had to lower my legs but
immediately they were hit again and again, knocking me off my tiptoes.
"Pleeeasse", was my plaintive cry. They then started on by body again, then my
head and neck. Suddenly it was quiet. I hung there shivering and saw a young
woman, perhaps my age, dressed in a patient's gown approaching me.

She seemed to walk and act like a zombie. The nurse told her to wash me
thoroughly.

The patient was carrying a pail which set down near me. As my eyes cleared from
the water that had been hitting my head, I could see she had a scrub brush, soap
and a few rags.

"Wait," said the nurse. "I'll make it easier for you to wash her." With that the
nurse and orderly unclipped the fastener between my ankle cuffs and positioned a
three foot bar between them. I jerked my legs but it wasn't effective. They soon
had my ankles fastened to the rings at the ends of the bar. I found that I could
still reach the floor with one foot or the other, but not both. Even this bit of
relief left me as the nurse again hit the button controlling the lift mechanism.
There I swung. Happily, the water in the pail was warm. Unhappily, the scrub
brush had very stiff bristles. There was no gentleness to the way that the
patient applied the brush to my back, belly, thighs, arms and particularly to my
breasts. I could see my skin getting red and felt my nipples burn. Looking down
at them, I didn't see the patient dip a long, two inch wide bottle brush in the
pail of soapy water. She grabbed and pulled my hair with her left hand, and as I
screamed, the right hand stuck the brush into my mouth. I swung my legs at her
causing her to move backwards, but the damage had been done. I sputtered and
spit the foul water from my mouth.

Then I felt the orderly grabbing the cross bar and raising my feet. Into my
exposed vagina went the bottle brush, not once but several times, despite my
protests. My anus and rectum received the same treatment. By this time I was
crying for mercy.

"Ready for your rinsing?" the nurse asked.

"No, please. No more." But on came the cold jet stream. With my legs spread
widely, they seemed to concentrate on my pelvis. I had never felt such a douche
in my life.

The rest of my body was not spared. I was jerked and spun until I was exhausted
and frozen.

As the jet stopped, the patient dried me with some gray towels. I simply dangled
there and when the nurse lowered me, I collapsed on the cold tile floor unable
to do anything but shiver.

"O.K. Debbie, here's your clothing for the night," the nurse said. With that she
and the orderly began inserting my arms into the sleeves of what I immediately
recognized as a straight jacket. It was already too late to grab the heavy
canvas material at the arm openings and my hands couldn't grasp the material of
the sleeves. I was unceremoniously thrown on my stomach. The orderly sat heavily
on my rump as I thrashed with the little strength I had left. I could feel the
sides of the back being pulled together.

"I hope you like the size," the nurse said. "It may be a little on the small
side but we'll make it fit."

I could tell she was lacing the two sides together for the jacket which extended
from my neck to my pubis got tighter and tighter. Then with the orderlies help,
she began with the four leather straps. The first of these was around my upper
chest, the second just below my breasts, then the waist and finally my hips and
lower abdomen. Each of these was pulled as tight as possible. I was turned and
brought to a sitting position as I said, "It's too tight."

"No, I don't think so," was her reply. She sat on my knees and pushed my sleeve
enclosed hands through side loops on the jacket. The orderly behind me pulled
the strap extensions of the sleeves across my back and grunted as he buckled the
ends together. I had never hugged myself this tightly. Finally, I was pushed
back onto the floor. The nurse reached between my thighs and grabbed two straps
originating about 8 inches apart on the bottom of the backs of the jacket sides.
These straps she pulled up on each side of my labia and fastened them to buckles
on the front of the jacket. I could feel the straps sort of cutting into me.
Also, straps encircling the sleeves at the level of my wrists were snugged down.
As an aftermath, I looked down to see my ankle cuffs fastened together and a
strap placed tightly around thighs just above me knees.

"There, that should hold you. You won't be pulling any stunts like you did when
you arrived. Juan, call the office and find out where we should take her."

Juan I guessed was the orderly for he left and soon returned with a gurney upon
which I was lifted and then transported to a small room. There was no furniture
of any type and the walls were covered by gray mats. The floor area was about
four by six feet and was covered by a thick rubber mat. In one corner there was
a grating. The door to the room was about 4 inches thick and was also padded,
except for a small window about five feet up.

"Like your new home?" Juan asked. "You will find it is fairly quiet although you
can occasionally hear your neighbors. Your supper should arrive soon." With
that, he shut the door and I heard a lock being turned. With the little light
coming thru a grill in the ceiling, I could not see any sort of knob on the
inside of the door.

I tried briefly to move my arms but was really exhausted from the "shower"
and the rest of the day's activities. I guess I then napped for I awoke to the
shaking by a different nurse or aide.

"Dinner's served," she said, placing what looked like a two-bowled, rubber dog
dish on the floor.

I managed to roll onto my side so I could see the food. In one bowl was a
liquid, probably water; in the other was looked like mush or dog food.

"We put your meal in a blender to make it easier for you to eat."

I yelled at her, "It's poisoned, take it away."

"No, I wouldn't do that to you, but there are two of the staff that would.
One is the nurse you kicked in the chest. This caused considerable bleeding into
her breast. They tried to aspirate the blood using a needle and syringe but it
didn't work. Her breast is huge and painful, and she's vowed to make you pay.
The other person is the orderly you kneed. He's had an ice pack on his balls
most of the day and is not the kind of guy to take that injury lightly. But the
food is not poisoned so eat up."

"You eat some first," I said.

"No. I don't have a spoon with me, but you'll find a way to get it down,"
was her reply. "We will be turning the lights down in a while and then you must
be quiet and not disturb your neighbors."

"What happens if I don't? And get me out of this thing."

She simply smiled and said, "Sweet dreams."

I realized I was hungry and thirsty but certainly the food was not appetizing. I
rolled over to the dish. By getting on my stomach I could position my face over
the water and actually was able to sip a little. I then tried the mush. The
first swallow wasn't bad, but with my second I ended up getting my face
including my nose covered. I coughed and upset the whole dish, ending my
"dinner". I guess I could have eaten the stuff off the matted floor but decided
I wasn't that hungry.

My next problem was urinating. Having not gone to the bathroom since the
morning, my bladder was uncomfortable. I surmised that the floor grating along
the back wall was my toilet. With difficulty, I rolled over to the wall. Should
I go lying on my back or my front? I guessed it didn't make much difference but
the prone position seemed more appealing. It worked out pretty well anyway.

A few minutes later, the lights dimmed. My nap had satisfied some of my fatigue
and I really wasn't tired. So I decided to play Houdini. I had seen escape
artists get out of a straight jacket and knew I could also. It was just a matter
of getting the thing up my body a little and then getting my arms out of the
sleeves. I wriggled and hunched my shoulders repeatedly. Things seemed a little
looser so I continued my efforts without much success.

The only thing I was accomplishing was tightening the straps running through my
crotch. So then I pulled up my arms as hard as I could but the wrist straps and
the fastening across my back didn't make much motion possible.

By now I had worked up a sweat. So I relaxed. I realized that I really wasn't
that uncomfortable. In fact the lack of mobility, being held the way I was, sort
of excited me.

This had been a dream of mine for some time. My breasts were caressed by the
rough canvas and my nipples were sensuous. Also I was aware of the craving
between my legs. Maybe if I repeatedly flexed my hips I could stimulate myself.
I did succeed in getting pretty aroused but could not reach a climax. So I just
lay there and thought that this was how a straight jacket worked. You expend a
lot of effort in an agitated state, and then give up.

After sleeping awhile, I awoke with a start. It took only a moment to remember
where I was. I had no idea of the time, but did know that I was sweating and my
arms ached.

Thinking that if I stood up I might be more comfortable, I worked myself into a
sitting position with my back against the wall. Then I inched my way up until I
was actually standing but threatening to fall over any minute. This sort of
frightened me and I decided to do a little yelling for help, using a few
expletives in the process. The result was a some swearing and demands for
silence, probably from the person in the adjacent "tight" room.

So what. I yelled some more and this got results.

The lights got brighter and the door opened. I guessed it was the night nurse
and she didn't seem happy. Entering the room, she slipped on the mush and water
but didn't fall.

"Guess you have a lot to learn, young lady. You overturned your dish, didn't
eat, and now have the patients next to you awake. I see you have managed to
stand up. Well what goes up, falls down."

Before I could say anything, she simply pushed me over. I fell rather heavily
onto my stomach, pushing my forearms into my upper abdomen and knocking my wind
out. I felt her sit on my back and she then grabbed by hair and pulled my head
back. With her other hand put a rubber ball into my open mouth. It popped by my
teeth. Holding the ball in position, she then tied behind my neck the ends of
the rope that was threaded through the ball. The rope pulled at the corners of
my mouth and I immediately started salivating.

"That will keep you quiet. Better get some sleep. Dr. Gonzales has you scheduled
for an admitting examination at eight." With that she left me.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Four

I think I did sleep and dream a little, but still felt tired and restless when
an orderly entered the room. He looked disgustedly at the food on the floor and
said, "I guess that is why you didn't get breakfast. You didn't eat what they
gave you last night."

How could I? He unstrapped my knees and replaced the link between my ankle cuffs
with a chain about twelve inches long. I was pulled to my feet. Holding one
sleeve, he urged me towards the door. I decided to resist and simply flexed my
knees and hips, sinking to the floor.

"Are you going to give a hard time?" he asked. He whacked my bare buttock with
his hand and I rolled away. "Well try this on for size." With that he took from
the pocket of his coat a short, slender chain with rings at both ends. It looked
to me like the choker, chain collars used on dogs. I couldn't believe he was
going to put it on me, but he doubled the chain thru one ring and passed the
noose over my head. I then felt it tighten around my neck.

"Coming?" he said as he again lifted me up. He pulled on the chain and it began
to choke off my ability to breathe. I began to stumble after him down the hall,
the ankle chain preventing normal strides.

"Got yourself a pretty date?" a passerby asked looking at my legs and ass.

"Don't I wish, but she isn't much of a conversationalist."

We turned off one of the hallways and into a waiting room. I was pushed into a
hard wood chair that was bolted to the floor. A strap was passed around the back
of the chair and around my body inside of my crossed sleeves. This effectively
kept me from moving much. Also the ankle chain was hooked somewhere beneath the
seat, raising my bare feet off the floor.

"The doctor will be with you shortly," he said.

I then noted a somewhat older woman sitting nearby. Cuffs held her wrists and
ankles to the arms and legs of the chair, but I was dismayed to see that she was
completely bald. She was not gagged as I was, but didn't say anything. Soon a
nurse came to her, unfastened the cuffs and led her docilely into the adjacent
office.

There was not much to see in the waiting room and so I spent my time thinking
how I going to act when I saw the doctor. Perhaps a half hour later it was my
turn.

I was taken by the nurse and decided not to resist even though the orderly had
removed the choker. The exam room was rather typical, but I did notice a few
more straps on the table which was set up with stirrups for gynecology exams.
The nurse pushed a wall button which summoned an orderly to help her. They were
taking no chances with me. I was backed up to the table and placed in a sitting
position on the end. My ankles were hooked to a cross bar near the floor so I
wouldn't do any kicking or get away. Then the straight jacket was carefully
removed. The orderly roughly grabbed my forearms as they came out of the sleeves
and then transferred his hold to the cuffs that were still on my wrists from the
previous day. The nurse pushed me back onto the table as he pulled my wrists
over my head. The cuffs were then fastened to the very top of the table,
stretching me out.

Around my waist was passed a broad belt that had several rings, and straps from
the side rings were used to secure me to the table sides. Only then were my legs
placed and fastened in the stirrups. The nurse rather easily loosened the
locking mechanism on the stirrups, pushed them out until my thighs were widely
spread, and relocked the mechanism.

Finally, the nurse removed the ball gag. What a relief. For fear of being again
gagged, I decided to keep my mouth shut.

Dr. Gonzales appeared to be in his forties. He wore no tie and looked a little
dirty. I thought I could smell liquor on his breath - and the day was early.

"Good morning, Debbie. I have reviewed the record from Dr. Morales. I guess
there isn't much real information about you. No family is mentioned. Where are
you from?"

I didn't say anything, just glared.

"How are you feeling? Do you know where you are? You gave the staff quite a hard
time yesterday so your diagnoses appear correct. I wonder why Dr. Morales didn't
want us to use shock therapy to slow you down."

After I continued to remain silent, he said to the nurse, "Well let's get to the
physical exam. Should be fun. Maybe it will loosen her tongue."

As the nurse took my blood pressure, she said, "The nurses' notes from last
night indicate she had lots to say then."

I started resisting as soon as he began with the light in my eyes and then the
thing in my ears, but the nurse was strong. When the doctor picked up a tongue
depressor, the nurse pinched off my nose and placed her other hand over my
mouth, keeping me from breathing.

When I ran out of air, she took her hand away and then inserted wedges of rubber
on each side as I gulped for a breath. The doctor only briefly looked in,
pushing down my tongue with the flat depressor and causing me to gag slightly.

The exam of my chest was much more thorough. He pawed my breasts, ran his finger
around my nipples and happily pointed out the nipple response to the nurse who
seemed very interested. After prodding my belly, he sat down on a stool between
my legs.

"Give me the large speculum and we will be taking a smear of her cervix."

As I felt the cold metal device being inserted without any lubricant, I tried to
raise my hips but the side straps allowed only a slight movement. "Like that,"
he asked.

He looked in after spreading the blades and I could feel motion of my uterus. He
inserted a swab and handed it to the nurse who smeared a slide with it. The
speculum was then removed.

"She's pretty clean. And look at that clitoris just poking out its head." I felt
his gloved finger begin to play with it as he inserted two other fingers into my
vagina. "Getting wet, Debbie?"

Even though the answer was yes, I began to jerk, shout and scream obscenities at
both him and the nurse. I guess my words hit home for he started yelling back at
me and pulled off his gloves. First he slapped me hard. My head at that moment
was raised between my anchored arms and the impact was painful. He then silenced
me by placing his hand over my mouth. As I started to yell some more, his hand
went between my teeth - and I bit down as hard as I could!

He pulled out his hand and looked down as the blood came from the teeth marks.

"You bitch, you whore - just wait." He ran to the sink and put his hand under a
stream of water. The nurse meanwhile picked up the rubber wedges and forced them
between my teeth.

She was really good at this. Practice makes perfect. Then she took a roll of
cloth bandage and starting with the end fed it into my open mouth until my
cheeks were bulging. Using the rest of the roll, she wound it around and around
my head, finally securing it with a layer of tape.

The doctor came over to the table and with his good hand pinched my right nipple
as hard as he could. All I could manage was a muffled yelp and tears came to my
eyes. At this point the injured nurse from yesterday walked in.

"Can I help?," she asked.

The doctor said, "Look what the bitch did to me. I should turn her over to you
but you'd probably kill her. And her referring doctor may be checking on her in
a week or so. What's the hydrotherapy schedule look like?"

"Right now we are full but there should be an opening in a few days," the nurse
replied. "And what are you going to do about her pubic lice?" I knew she was
lying but obviously couldn't say anything.

"She's infested with lice?" the doctor responded. "Great. Well you know the
treatment. You can shave her right now."

"How about her head?"

"Well as agitated as she is, you probably can't do that. She'd move too much,"
he observed.

"Oh, I have a way. Leave it to me."

"Fine. Anyway is okay. Oh, write up some orders including a command that I never
want to see her again unless she is securely gagged. I'll leave you two nurses
and get some antiseptic on my hand, but how's that breast of yours?" he asked.

"You're not going to believe what that cunt did to me. Look." With that the
nurse un buttoned her uniform. Her bra fitted on one side but the other breast
bulged out from the cup of the garment. The skin was red, purple, black and blue
right down to her waist. I sort of felt sorry for her. The breast probably
weighed four times more than her other.

As the doctor left, he said, "Also feed her - by force if necessary." The two
nurses then got at the job of shaving by pubis, labia and perineum. The safety
razor kept getting clogged with hair, so they switched to a straight razor which
did the trick. When they then poured alcohol over the area, I moaned and jerked
to no avail.

"How are going to shave her head?"

"Well, we are not going to do it here. If you want to watch, join me in
treatment room 4 at noon. We can have a pleasant lunch hour. In the meantime,
let's get her trussed up using the simple restraining gloves.. Call for an
orderly."

"Debbie," the other nurse said, "I think you will enjoy the change from the
straight jacket, but if you're good you can ask for the jacket again." I
couldn't appreciate what she was saying, but the sleeves didn't sound real bad.

An orderly appeared carrying two long sleeves. The hand portions were closed and
had no fingers. I could see that the sleeves laced up and had several straps to
go around the limb as well as a long strap attached to the end. Leaving one of
my wrists still fastened to the top of the table, my other arm was inserted into
one sleeve and they began to lace it tightly.

My fingers were wedged into the cone shaped end of the fingerless glove and
the upper end of the sleeve came to my arm pit. When the lacing was completed
all the way up, it was tightened further with a lace puller of some type. Then I
felt the straps being snugged down just above my elbows, in the mid forearm, at
my wrists and finally crushing my fingers. The long strap was temporarily
fastened to the table head, and then my other arm was enclosed in the other long
restraining glove.

Removing my legs from the stirrups, I was brought to a sitting position and my
ankles secured to the floor. I expected them to wrap my arms around my chest and
therefore was very surprised when they hauled my wrists up behind my back. They
were crossed between my shoulder blades as each long strap was carried over the
opposite shoulder, then across my chest above my breast, through my arm pit,
finally being fastened through a buckle on the upper end of the glove from which
the strap originated. The orderly was given the job of pulling the strap as
tight as possible and this forced my shoulders back into an exaggerated
position.

I immediately was uncomfortable and wondered whether I was getting circulation
to my hands.

"Do you like your new gloves, Debbie? Comfortable aren't they. And your breasts
are sticking out real nicely."

"How about moving her down to the treatment room in a dog cage?" the first
office nurse asked.

"Sure, she should be comfortable in one of those, and I can be sure everything
is ready for our luncheon entertainment," my favorite nurse replied.

The orderly soon returned with a metal cage on wheels. There was a handle for
pushing the cage which was designed for moving dogs from one area to another.
The sides, ends, top and bottom were made of perforated, steel panels and one
end was hinged as a door.

The cage was only about 3 feet long, 2 feet wide and maybe 2 feet high.

The orderly said, "I thought our little bitch should have a collar, so I brought
one."

"Good thinking." One of the nurses proceeded to put the two inch wide collar
around my neck and fasten it with a small lock. "Maybe I'll throw the key away."

The first step in getting me into the cage was to fasten my ankles together with
a short chain after detaching them from the table. They didn't bother with my
knees for I wasn't going any where. Next the cage was turned onto one end and
the door at the other end was opened. The orderly then easily picked me up,
lowered my feet into the cage and pushed me downwards. For a second I managed to
stay standing but a blow behind my knees by one of the nurses ended that effort.
I don't think they even considered releasing my tightly wound gag which was now
saturated with saliva.

"Have fun and be comfy. Don't bark too loudly,"

said my vengeful nurse who I decided to call "Butch". With that she lowered the
door, pushing me entirely into the cage.

This was then tipped onto its wheels and I was ready for transportation.

Going through the corridors, several people asked what they were doing with a
dog. "Oh we're taking her for a little fun. Peek through the holes. She's quite
a pretty little bitch."

They made a point of hitting a few walls and going rapidly around corners.

Kneeling as I was, these movements served to throw my body and head against the
cage walls. My moaning was ignored. On reaching the treatment room, I was simply
left caged. My knees hurt from the metal, my back ached from the forced arching
and my arms were a mass of pain and cramps. At one point I urinated but was a
long way from being comfortable.

After an hour or so but still long before noon, Butch and the orderly
reappeared. He was pushing a dolly on which was a four foot square wood platform
of some type and a pile of collapsible chairs which he started setting up in a
large circle. She pushed the exam table from the center of the room and then
came over to my cage.

"Been having fun? She said and then asked the orderly to give her a hand.
They opened the end of the cage and she snapped a leash to a ring on my collar.

"Come out little bitch," and with that she pulled. I fell forward onto my
stomach with a groan.

Rather easily they lifted me to my feet and then led me my the leash over to a
vertical support column on one side of the room. The leash was wound around the
column and then straps were placed at various levels down to my waist.

"There that should hold you for awhile." Butch turned to the orderly and said,
"You can go now but I know you will back for the show."

I tried to mumble through the gag to beg for some relief.

"Can't understand you, bitch. You probably want the gag out and your arms
released."

I nodded vigorously.

"Well, I promise you that will happen within the next couple of hours if you're
good. Right now I want to make you look real pretty." I couldn't believe it when
she began to brush the snarls out of my hair. The she washed my face above the
gag. The wet cloth was also used over my chest and abdomen. I almost felt clean.

Her next action was to place one of the cuff cross bars between my ankles
instead of the chain, avoiding any chance that I would kick. Then she began to
caress my breasts and nipples very gently. Although I squirmed, it felt good and
arousing.

"You like that, don't you," she asked.

I looked at her and couldn't keep from nodding. After what she had done to me,
she was almost being kind.

"Well, look down and watch." With that, she wet a finger and placed it a
fraction of an inch out from my right nipple. She moved the finger tip around in
small circles. I could see and feel the nipple hardening and growing tense. I
wanted to feel the finger and thrust my chest out against the restraining
straps. She smiled and said, "I think I am figuring you out. You really are
enjoying some of this. You want to be caressed while you are held in restraint."

I gazed at her, knowing that in fact there was a part of my mind and emotions
that was extremely stimulated by bondage and bizarre situations.

"I guess you'd like me touch you down here as well." Her hand slid down to my
recently shave pubis, and her finger moved down towards my clitoris. She spread
my labia and felt my wetness. Removing her finger, she placed it in front of my
face. "Look, and smell, pretty Debbie. You know, I could really like you and
think I know what you want. But you have to realize I have wants and desires as
well. I enjoy certain things - and you are going to find this out."

"I know your nipples are hard, but I want them just right for our little show."
With that she took from her pocket two small, black rubber cylinders about one
inch in diameter.

She licked the open end of each one and then licked my nipples. This was a
combination of lickings, kissing and gently sucking. My God, I loved it.

But my moaning with pleasure was cut short when she squeezed the cylinders to
evacuate the air inside, and then placed them around my nipples. The little
suction cups firmly attached themselves to my areolae and sucked strongly and
painfully on my nipples. I cried out but the sounds were of course muffled.

"We'll leave those on for a while," and she went to meet the first of her
guests, who came bringing their bag lunches.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Five

When about ten or twelve of the nurses, aides and orderlies had arrived and were
seated more or less in a circle around the room, Butch got up and the room got
quiet.

"I'd like to welcome you to one of our occasional luncheon shows. Most of you
know Debbie over there and are aware that she put on quite a show yesterday
when, after arriving, she managed to almost put two of us out of commission.
This morning during her exam by Dr. Gonzales, she bit him rather severely to the
point where he has commanded that she never appear before him again without
something in her mouth besides her tongue and teeth. She, with a little help
from me, was also found to have pubic lice. As you can see, she now is quite
well deprived of hair in one nice area. But the doctor felt because of her
agitation and lack of any cooperation, shaving her head would be next to
impossible."

She went on, "Well, I'm going to show you one way of doing this. Also, I want to
make sure she knows who the boss is and at the same time give her a chance to
use up some of her energy. Near the end I'll give you a chance to join in the
fun."

All I could think of was the aching in my arms and shoulders, and the fact that
no way did I want my head shaved. But she had at one point been tender with me,
almost loving, and she had said that the gag would be removed and my arms
released.

Butch approached me and said, "First I am going to make Debbie more attractive
by giving her a little jewelry. The little suction cups on her nipple areas were
preparation for this." With that she pulled off the cups with a twist that hurt
like hell.

Then she took from a box on a nearby table, two little clamps joined by a 8-10
inch small chain.

I had seen pictures of nipple clamps in some of my exotic catalogs before and
had wondered what they would feel like. But I also knew that the redness and
swelling of my nipples from the cups meant that they were very sore already.
This was confirmed by the pain I felt when she opened the clamps and carefully
let them close on me. I screamed into the gag and twisted as much as possible.
But I then realized that as long as she did not move the chain, the nipples were
only very sore.

"Debbie, your breasts are beautiful and the little jewelry I have given you so
far adds to that beauty." She smiled and lifted the chain up until it pulled on
my not so little buds. I immediately went up on tiptoes to relieve the tension.
"Guess when I lead you by your chain in a few minutes, you'll follow me." I
nodded vigorously.

"Let's see if we can add a little something more and maybe get a little music
into the show." There was a tinkle of little bells as she picked out of the box
a handful of little cords.

Each of these had a little bell on one end and a blunt nosed alligator clip on
the other. Quickly she fixed these on me, one on each side of my breasts near
the nipple clams, and then two on each side of my labia! I moaned and squirmed,
but the crowning blow came when she placed the last of the clips right on my
clitoris. I bucked and twisted but the only result was a ringing of the bells.
The "audience" laughed and clamped.

"Well done, Elisa. Make her dance," came from the gathering. So that was her
real name - not Butch, I thought.

"Okay, Debbie, time to move. You want that cloth gag out don't you?" Butch, or
Elisa said. With the help of her orderly, she unwrapped the leash from the
column and unsnapped it from my collar, as the orderly released the body straps.
She however snapped the leash onto my nipple chain and started towards the
center of the room.

I stumbled after her as quickly as the spreader bar between my ankles would
permit. I was led to the little wood platform on which the chairs had been
brought. I noted that there were two rings about two feet apart bolted through
on one edge and that a wooden box was upside down on the platform away from the
rings. Apparently they were going to have me sit on the box.

But this was not the case. They brought me over to the edge with the rings,
removed my spreader bar and attached my ankle cuffs to the rings. I was then
pushed forward, making me fall into a kneeling position of the platform, facing
the box.

Elisa said, "Now the first step in immobilizing her is to apply a high collar.
This is the Franklin collar designed for trauma cases."

Of course I recognized it, and also recognized the feeling as it was placed
right over my dog collar and rather severely tightened, stretching my neck
farther than I thought was possible.

"Next, we will kindly remove her present gag and clean up her lower face."

As the cloth was removed, I found that I could again close my mouth and move my
jaws. "You bitches; what are you doing to me. You're all cunts and bastards."

Ignoring me, Elisa said, "Finally..." With that she lifted up the box revealing
a four inch rubber, rather fat dildo rising from the platform, and held there my
some type of snaps that could be released if they were twisted 90 degrees. From
each side of the base of the dildo came two broad straps. She pushed my head
forward and down as I yelled and fought her.

The orderly came up to help and I felt the ugly thing enter my mouth. I bit down
but they squeezed my nostrils together. When I gasped, the thing went all the
way in, reaching well into the back of mouth until my lips met the straps, which
were then fastened tightly behind my neck.

The combination of the neck collar and the dildo effectively meant that I could
not move my head. And my ass was hanging out (although I could raise it). The
bells between my thighs jingled as did those from my breasts. They had me. I
still could not accept the idea that they were going to shave my head. It had
taken me a long time to grow nice hair after it had been shaved before (that's
another story). So I tried moving around. I couldn't get the dildo out of my
mouth and any effort to tilt my head caused gagging. I did find that I could
twist my body a little, moving my head on the axis of the thing in my mouth, but
Butch simply grabbed the chain between my nipples and gave a little tug. I
stopped moving.

Out came the electric clippers and I could see the hair falling around my head
onto the platform. She ran her hand over my resulting stubble and said, "That
looks terrible. Then she lathered my scalp and produced a straight bladed razor
which made short work of the remaining hair. Finally she applied some oil or wax
which was polished until my head apparently shone. There was applause from the
gathered staff.

"So that's how it's done. Now we are going to give Debbie a little relief from
her stringent arm restraint and at the same time take her down a peg." I
couldn't figure out what she meant but it didn't sound good.

She unbuckled the long straps from the tips of my gloves, unbent my poor aching
arms, but immediately put straps around both wrists and elbows behind my back.

The long glove straps were then pulled up, causing me to raise my buttocks.
Finally, the dildo and the attaching straps were released from the platform,
leaving me still very gagged with the ugly thing.

My ankle cuffs were freed from the platform rings and for the first time in
quite a while I could move my legs as I wished. I was helped to my feet and
immediately began to thrash around, but then felt my hands being raised by the
straps which were somehow attached to a ceiling pulley arrangement. This caused
me to bend forward until my upper body was parallel to the floor. The nipple
chain and the little breast bells hung straight down and there was an immediate
pull on my shoulders.

I couldn't for a minute see Elisa but then found her coming towards me with a
leather "cat" in her hand. The first blow that landed on my behind wasn't more
than a caress, but I still tried to jump and moved away until stopped by my
arms. The ensuing blows were of increasing intensity. I couldn't believe what
she was doing. She was whipping me. As I jumped and squirmed the bells jingled
and pulled at my private parts.

Then I heard her say, "Debbie, we are now going to remove those little bells."
This she did with her "cat", as she directed it across my breasts and then up
between my thighs.

Each site stung as the bells fell to the floor. She allowed the nipple clamps to
remain. By this time I was crying for help and trying to demand that she stop.

"Well folks, that's about it. If you wish, you can give Debbie a few pats as you
leave." And this they did, much to my discomfort.

When they had all left except the orderly, Elisa said, "Debbie I love your
shiny, bald head and your red buns." With this she softly touched these areas.
"As much as I regret it, I have to get you back to your room. Would you like the
dildo out?"

I nodded vigorously and she said, "O.K., for a while but any yelling or swearing
will result in a gag. And no talking. Understand?" Again I nodded.

She removed the thing from my mouth and I immediately said, "Water please."

This resulted in a swat and I shut up. To the orderly she said, "Help me get her
glove straps refastened." As they did this, bending my arms up across my back, I
pleaded for them to stop but this only caused them to pull the straps tighter.

"Debbie, I guess you didn't hear me when I told you to be quiet." She asked the
orderly to get a discipline helmet and he soon returned with a leather hood.
They placed this over my head and I felt a pear gag affixed to the inside
pushing on my lips. I closed my mouth tightly but again came the pinching of the
nostrils, the gasping and then the thing was well into my mouth. "You'll learn,"
she said as the helmet was laced and buckled around my head and neck. There no
eye holes and my hearing was reduced but not eliminated. Then came the ankle
chain. I kicked once but didn't hit anything. Then I felt myself lifted up and
put into some type of laundry hamper on wheels. My rear end sunk down into the
thing, but my legs went up over the edge and my hips were markedly flexed,
bringing my breasts against my thighs.

"Off we go, pretty one."

We made several turns but I really couldn't tell where I was. I assumed from
what she had said that I was back in the tight room. Then the hamper was turned
up on its side and I was unceremoniously dumped on he floor. I then was placed
in a wooden chair. A strap was placed around my waist binding me to the back and
my ankles were drawn up under the seat.

"Debbie," I heard Elisa say, "I've got to go now and attend to my other duties.
I know you are hungry and thirsty, but Dr. Gonzales said to force feed you. If I
objected he would take me off your care all together. The other nurse will be in
soon. I'll try to visit you tomorrow. Remember that in a day or so, you will be
going to hydrotherapy. I have several friends there and that should be fun." She
removed my nipple clamps as she left and I yelped as the blood returned to my
tortured nipples.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Six

Some time passed as I sat there and tried to get my bound arms comfortable.

My rear was hurting as were my nipples. I heard someone in the room.

A female voice said, "Time for breakfast and lunch, Debbie." My head was pushed
back and held while a tube was inserted in the helmet hole over my right
nostril. With no numbing spray, the tube hurt as it went in and made the turn
into the back of my mouth. Then the tip was going down my throat. I knew I
should swallow, but coughed against the gag instead. Soon however the tube found
its way down my esophagus and into my stomach. I shook my head when it was
released but was rewarded with a hard slap across a breast.

I then couldn't tell what was happening but assumed they were putting some type
of nutrient solution down the tube. All was quiet and I sure couldn't make much
noise. I was worried about the fact that I was breathing now only through one
nostril, but it seemed to be sufficient.

Hours seemed to pass. Where was every one. I longed for some attention but
didn't want to be hurt. Maybe I slept a little for I sure was exhausted. Then I
heard a voice say, "Here's your dinner, Debbie." But still I couldn't feel
anything. Maybe I did feel a little fullness in my stomach. At one point I wet
myself - naughty, naughty.

Then a voice said, "Time for bed." How I longed for a comfortable bed. But
instead I was lifted out of the chair and dragged over to the grate in the
corner of the room. "Time to peepee" and surprisingly I did go. "Good girl".

I rolled around the room and found that the chair apparently had been removed. I
tried rubbing the face of the helmet against the floor but guessed that the tube
had been securely taped of fastened in some way. Thumping my head against the
door and wall didn't do anything except give me a headache. So I lay down and
tried to sleep.

What had I accomplished in two days? Very little. I had managed to piss off a
good portion of the staff. I had found that straight jackets were quieting. I
had discovered that Elisa was a complex character with a blend of sadism,
revenge and lesbianism. And I had realized that I was also a complicated person.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Seven

After "breakfast" the next morning, I decided to raise a little fuss. The nurse
or aide was in the process of washing my body. My ankle cuffs still had the
twelve inch chain between them but this was not fastened to the chair. When she
stood me up to wash my back and rear end, I simply had diarrhea all over her
hand, my legs and the chair.

"Why you shitty bitch," were the words I heard.

Then I heard Elisa's voice, "What's going on?" The aide explained the mess and
Elisa said, "Well, I'll take care of her. Go get washed up and bring me a whip."

I felt a leash snap onto my collar. In an attempt to avoid punishment, I knelt
down and extended my helmeted head in the direction of her voice. I found her
leg and rubbed by head against it.

"Debbie, right now that won't get you anywhere. Save it for later. Up on your
feet, problem child."

With that I felt a tug on the leash and a whip lash across my buttocks.

Man, how it hurt. I obediently followed the leashes lead, out into the corridor
and down the hall. After a few more turns we apparently entered another room
which seemed damp. I soon found myself astraddle a toilet seat. Even though I
guessed what might happen, the insertion of the rectal tube still surprised me.
It seemed large and I felt some type of interior balloon being inflated.

Then came the rush of hot fluid.

"You're full of shit, Debbie, and I want you clean." I got uncomfortably full,
the tube was removed, I defecated, and the whole process was repeated - not once
but twice.

"Now do you want out of those gloves," Butch asked. I nodded a yes. "Okay, but
no struggling or hitting." Again I nodded. Blessedly my arms were released and
the gloves removed. I was tempted to swing but decided not to tempt fate. My
wrist cuffs were fastened together and were then dragged above my head by some
rope or wire.

All of a sudden it came to me that I could be back in the shower room. I tried
to get out of her grasp but could move only a few steps. My wrists were dragged
higher. Then I felt the spreader bar being fastened between my ankles. I moaned
against the gag.

"Want the helmet off? Aren't I being kind?" Nods.

As soon as the thing was removed I started pleading. Then I tried saying how
nice she was being and thanked her.

"Debbie, you have to learn to behave and cooperate." With that she turned the
jet on and started working me over. The temperature of the water was first ice
cold and then very hot. Neither was pleasant. I was twisted and turned, drowned
and knocked of my feet.

Suddenly she stopped the jet and came over to me.

"Let's try something different." She pulled another rope off from the wall.

It too ran through a pulley in the ceiling. She tied the end to a ring in the
center of the ankle cross bar, went over to the wall and pushed a button. The
slack in the rope disappeared and then my feet were raised about four feet off
the floor.

Again the jet was activated. This time I spun over and over. I knew I couldn't
take much more. When she stopped the stream, I told her I was very sorry for
kicking her and making a fuss. No answer, just another push on the button and my
feet were higher than my wrists. Then my wrists were released. I was  swinging
upside down, my hands fettered but free to swing around together.

The jet this time was icy cold again. She seemed to delight in directing it
right at my shaven crotch where it stung and froze me. I yelled and pleaded.
Finally she stopped and approached me from the back. She gently placed a hand
right over my vaginal introitus.

"You're rather cool there. How about inside?" A finger went into me. I raised my
hands to hers. "No, down with the hands." I obeyed as she proceeded to start me
towards a real frenzy. "You like it even upside down, don't you? Say it," as she
played with me.

"No. Stop, please," I begged but it didn't sound convincing.

I couldn't believe it when she bent forward and tongued my clitoris. It was all
it took.

Quickly I was rocking my pelvis on her inserted fingers and soon burst into a
wonderful climax.

She lowered me to the floor and kissed me very briefly. "Going to obey me now?"

"Yes," was all I could say. I was dead tired from the water and the sexual
experience.

"Say, Yes Elisa."

"Yes, Elisa. Thank you."

She smiled and said, "Okay, what's it going to be. The sleeves or the straight
jacket.

One or the other."

"The straight jacket please," I replied. It was far more comfortable.

"Tight or loose?" she smiled.

"Tight, please."

Elisa went over to a cabinet and returned with the jacket. Although it was made
like my first, the material was black. I held out my arms and immediately
realized that it was heavy rubber, shaped for the female body.

"I designed this myself," she said as she started the lacing at the hip level.
When she got to my waist, she reached inside and guided my breasts into two
holes somewhat smaller in diameter than the circumference of my breasts. Here
there were two layers of the rubber, the outer layer being rather thin. As the
lacing continued, my breasts were forced out thru the holes causing the thin
layer to stretch. My nipples were hard and clearly visible through the material.

After the lacing came the straps which were of leather. She had me lie down on
my stomach so that she could put a foot on my back and pull with all her
strength on the straps. I could barely get my breath.

"Tight enough?"

"Yes, mistress." I gasped. Had I really said that. "I mean, Elisa."

She laughed and said "Whatever, but don't think for a minute that I am going to
be easy on you." With that she pulled my arms through the side loops and buckled
them in back.

Instead of two crotch loops I looked down to see one broad one.

Elisa went over to the cabinet and returned with not one but two of the rubber
dildos. These were longer than the one used as a gag.

"No, please don't," I pleaded.

"Yes, Debbie. One will cure you of shitting on the nurses. The other will make
you think of me." With that she threaded the base of the dildos onto the strap,
and had me bend up and abduct my thighs so she could insert them. The strap was
buckled tightly onto the lower part of my jacket and the ankle spreader was
replaced with the short chain.

"Now Debbie, I want you to go out in front of me. I will tell you where to turn.
I am taking you back to your tight room for the night. Then tomorrow, providing
you have been good, I will be transferring you to a small ward with other women
for one or two days. I want you always to obey me. If you give me trouble,
expect something in return. With the nurses and orderlies, I want you to
struggle and give them a hard time occasionally, but nothing real bad.
Understand?"

"Yes," I replied.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, Elisa."




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Eight

Back in the tight room, I sat in the corner doing very little until dinner came.
Again this was in the dog dish. I decided to try to eat for I did want to keep
up my strength. This time the eating went a little better, although the stuff
was not appealing. I also managed to slurp up some fluid.

The aide came in, congratulated me on eating my meal and washed off the mess on
my face. She also washed my shaven head, probably just for the fun of it. Then,
pulling on the strap running between my legs and causing both dildos to move in
their orifices, she said, "Comfy down there? Sorry it is rather warm in here,
Guess that outfit of yours will be hot before morning.

Have a good night." I just glared at her.

A little later I did manage to urinate past the dildo without getting too wet.
Then, I lay on my back and tried to get comfortable. In fact the heavy rubber
jacket was hot. I realized I was sweating. Maybe the sweat would act as a
lubricant and allow me to get my arms out.

But no matter how I twisted and pulled, effective movement of my arms was
impossible. All I did was make my self hotter. I also was aware of some
stimulation from the vaginal dildo.

But neither in the prone or supine positions could I really get any real
satisfaction.

Finally I guess I fell asleep on my stomach....for the next thing I knew,
someone was forcing a pear gag into my mouth which quickly silenced my yell. The
room was dark and I couldn't see who was sitting on my back, buckling the gag
strap. Then some type of loose hood was put over my head and tied around my
neck.

"There, you bitch. That will hold you, and I know you can't get out of that
jacket,"

came a quiet male voice that I didn't recognize. He rolled me over onto my back
and began to fondle my breasts through the thin covering. My nipples were not
spared.

I moaned and kicked as much as the ankle chain would allow, but heard nothing
more than a soft laugh from him. Then his fingers were loosening the crotch
strap and pulling out the dildos. I could then feel him lying beside me, his
fingers playing a tune on my clitoris and labia. I heard his belt buckle hit the
floor mat and he was then lying on top of me! He was going to rape me!! I
brought my thighs tightly together but he proceeded to pry his hand down to
where he could get a couple of fingers into me. As I tried to push myself up and
away, his knees went between mine and I could feel his erect penis touching me.

God, he was going to succeed. Then he gasped and moaned as I felt him come all
over my thighs. It was over before it was started. The poor bastard had
premature ejaculation. I laughed into my gag and was rewarded by a hard slap
across my hooded face and then a kick in my ribs. The door shut softly.

The next morning, the nurse bringing in breakfast took one look at me and easily
put two and two together. She removed the hood and gag, and said, "You poor
thing. Who did it?"

"Thanks for your sympathy, but I really can't tell you much except it was a man.
I suspect it was the orderly I kicked the first day but can't be sure.

In any case I don't think he got much satisfaction. I know I didn't." She just
looked at me.

"Well, Elisa will be upset. She wanted you to have a good night."

In mid-morning, Elisa appeared. I guess she talked with the nurse or reviewed
whatever went into the nurse's record.

"Did you encourage him?" was her first question. I couldn't believe it.

Here I was essentially raped and she was blaming me. "Well, did you?"

"Of course not. Why, are you jealous?" I retorted.

With that she rolled me over and proceeded to whack the hell out of my
buttocks..but since she used her hand, it really wasn't too bad so I just
grinned and said, "Thank you, Butch."

"Debbie, don't push me. Well, it probably wasn't your fault, so let's get you
out of my pet jacket. Remember, no funny stuff."

As the straight jacket was removed, I looked down on my sweaty body. My breasts
were a little swollen from being through the holes. Elisa sprayed some alcohol
based lotion on me and rather roughly toweled me off. It felt good and I was
soon glowing from the solution.

She then gave me a short, gray shift to put on - my first clothing in days.

How many had passed I could not immediately remember. The shift came down to my
pubis leaving my crotch exposed but was better than nothing.

"Now I have a nice leather belt that matches your two inch collar." The belt
fastened with a buckle which could be locked. There were rings on each side and
a chain dangled from the rear. My wrist cuffs were attached with short chains to
the rings and the belt chain was brought between my thighs, up oven the belt in
front and then back to be attached tightly to the back. The two strands of chain
running through my crotch were uncomfortable, but she observed, "That will make
it difficult for the next man that wants to get a piece of you. Off we go."

The four bed ward where I was taken was rather simple. The beds ran down one
side and there were heavy wooden chairs with arm rests between the beds. The
windows were barred but some sunshine came into the room. There were three
female patients in the first three chairs. They quietly looked at me when we
entered. All were held in the chairs by some type of restraint. The first
patients arms were simply cuffed to the chair arms. The second had some type of
broad canvas band around her lower chest. The third was wearing what appeared to
be a football helmet and her hands were cuffed behind the chair.

"What's the helmet for?" I whispered to Elisa.

"Well she probably tried to commit suicide by slamming her head into something.
You know, that occasionally works."

As I was led down to the fourth chair, we were joined my an attractive nurse a
little older than I. Elisa said, "Maria, this is Debbie. Debbie, meet my friend
Maria who is going to take care of you until your time in hydrotherapy."

"Oh yes, the trouble maker. I was sorry to miss your show yesterday, Elisa.

I heard it was great. Poor thing doesn't have much hair left."

"No, but she is cute that way," Elisa replied. "Maybe you also heard what
happened to her during the night. I think I know who's responsible and I am
going to do my best to get him fired. Anyway, keep a close eye on her. She's
clever, strong and can be a real pain. My breast still is not normal."

I was placed in the chair, my collar was attached to the back chair risers and
the ankle chain was drawn up beneath the seat and fastened so that my feet were
off the floor. I wasn't going anywhere.

When Maria was looking the other way, Elisa reached down and caressed a nipple
quickly bringing it to attention. "Have a good day, and think of me, Debbie."
With that she left.

Maria soon came back and said, "Debbie, please try to cooperate with us.

You will get your meals in that chair and will find that the wrist chains will
allow you to transfer food to your mouth. We can't allow you to have a fork or
spoon. If you throw food, you will be force fed and I understand you know what
this means. If you have to urinate or defecate, we will give you a bedpan, but
if you don't call us for a pan, nappies and you'll be sorry. Finally, no
talking, yelling or screaming at night. Understand?" I nodded.

After she left, I tried to talk to the other three women. Only one replied.


"I am Queen Isabella and don't talk to commoners." End of conversation.

The others seemed almost zonked out, but I knew this was unlikely to be from
medications. Before Maria went off duty, I asked her about their almost
catatonic state. She replied, "Those two are getting electroshock therapy."

I sure was happy that Dr. Gonzales had made a point of not allowing this on me.
The rest of the day passed uneventfully. I was restless and wanted to do
something, but there was nothing to do but look at the others and try to see out
the windows. I reviewed the little I had learned about physical means of mental
therapy and thought it didn't have much to offer so far. The straight jackets
did have a calming effect after exhaustion set in from trying to escape. And I
suppose that the control enforced by the nurses and orderlies might be
therapeutic, but the control came from the threat of punishment and pain.

I found myself wondering what the hydrotherapy would be like.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Nine

The rest of the day went slowly. I did manage to eat dinner although the chains
made it a struggle. Later after using the bedpan, I was ordered to lie down on
the bed. A blanket was thrown over me and then a canvas restraining sheet. This
had a hole for my head but otherwise covered me completely. It was fastened to
the bed frame at numerous places and I realized that with my wrists bound to my
belt by the short chains, it would be difficult to get loose. I decided not to
try. The bed felt good and I was soon fast asleep.

When morning came, my back was tired from lying in one position all night but
otherwise I was raring to go. I was led to the bathroom where a young nurses
aide gave me a washcloth to use and then washed my legs and back since I
couldn't reach them. I began to feel almost human. Breakfast was edible but not
much more.

After eating I noticed that the aide gave the other three patients a chance to
walk a little, and then it was my turn. On the spur of the moment, I decided to
make a dash out of the room. Perhaps I could learn a little more about the
hospital for I really had not seen much of it. So I pushed suddenly against the
aide sending her sprawling and went for the open ward door as she yelled for
help.

As I reached the doorway I essentially collided with Elisa who was on her way
in. She easily grabbed me and said, "Going somewhere?"

"Just out for a little exercise," I joked as I was also grabbed by the aide who
was embarrassed by my very brief escape.

"I'm sorry nurse. I didn't think she would do that."

"Relax," Elisa said, "Debbie is full of tricks and you will learn never to trust
her or patients like her. Debbie, since you want a little exercise, I think we
can oblige."

To the aide she said, "Tell your nurse that I will take care of Debbie for the
day and will have her back by dinner tonight."

Frightened by the sound of things I said, "Elisa, I'm sorry. I'll behave."

"You're right you will." She snapped a lease on my collar and led me out into
the corridor, up some stairs and then into a room that looked like a small
gymnasium. There were numerous exercise machines of various types. Some had
weights and bars for lifting and there was some type of treadmill. It was to
this that I was led. It had the usual moving floor belt and horizontal bars
along each side at about waist level. However there were also side panels from
the bars to the edge of the mat and a similar front panel. In addition an
inverted u- shaped bar went from the midpoints of the horizontal bars over the
top of the apparatus.

Elisa placed me in the standing position on the treadmill and my wrist cuffs
were attached to two rings that encircled the vertical portions of the inverted
"u". She then unsnapped the leash and removed the chain linking my ankles.

"Debbie, I think you will enjoy this. In a minute I am going to turn the machine
on and you can have a little walk and run. If you get tired, I am sure you can
figure out a way to rest your legs. Sorry that it is a little warm in here. Oh,
the pace of the machine is set to change in a rather random way." With that she
flicked a switch. I stumbled but then found I could easily walk at the pace of
the moving belt that formed the floor.

I noted that there were no places to the sides of the moving belt on which to
rest your feet like I had seen on previous exercise machines for the side panels
were too close. So, how could I rest if I got tired. My hands were grasping the
side rails and I realized that I could push down and lift my feet off the moving
belt. I tried this and it worked but my shoulders began to tire so I was walking
again. I also caught on to the fact that I could slide my wrists and the rings
upwards to the top of the "u" and pull myself up using my biceps. This shouldn't
be too bad.

After a little more walking, the treadmill began to speed up. Soon I was
jogging. I was in pretty good condition but after awhile I was panting a little
and sweating. Elisa meanwhile had left the room. With a further increase in
speed, I found myself running and wondered how long I could keep up. My bare
feet were hurting a little and the shift I was wearing was now drenched and
clinging. I rested by pushing down to raise my feet for a minute or so, staring
at the rapidly moving belt, but found I could not hold this very long.

More running and then the belt slowed down to a walk. Maybe it was going to
stop. No such luck.

With more running, I found myself quite short of breath and pulled myself up as
if I was chinning myself, but this also was tiring. More running. Then I
realized that I could hoist myself by pushing down and then swing my legs
forwards, out and over the horizontal bars. With my weight on my legs and my
hands, I could get a little more rest.

Elisa returned and went to the front of the machine. She could from that
position stare at my shaven perineum. She grinned and said, "Oh, pretty Debbie.
Are you showing me something?"

"No," I said and began running again. She simply waited and watched me go
through all my efforts again....and again. I began to detest her but realized I
would soon collapse.

What then? Would she let me fall and have my knees and legs sandpapered my the
moving mat?

"Would you like a drink of water, Debbie?" She raised a bottle with a straw to
my mouth and I quenched my thirst.

"Thanks, but I would like to stop for awhile. I have had enough exercise."

"Not yet, pretty little bitch." More running, lifting, pulling up, leg resting,
etc. followed.

After what seemed like two hours, she turned the switch off. I stood there
trying to get my breath and then knelt on the mat. "Thank you," I fervently
said. She released my wrists from the rings and led me over to a bench where I
sat down, grateful for the chance to rest.

"Debbie, take off that sweaty shift. It really wasn't hiding anything." I
complied.

"And you know you really are rather pale. Don't you get any sun where you come
from?

How about a little ultraviolet tanning?"

At least this sound like something relaxing. She had me follow her over to a
machine that looked like a very large cylinder, oriented horizontally. It was
hinged lengthwise and was open disclosing multiple long light bulbs on the
inside. There was some type of apparatus on each end, with a long platform
between. I was commanded to lie down after which my wrists were attached to a
crossbar in the apparatus on one end, and my ankles to a bar on the other end.
She pushed a button on the control panel and the two bars began moving away from
each other putting tension on my extremities and body. Because of the location
of the bars, this had caused me to be lifted up off the platform which Elisa
then removed. I was swaying in the breeze, suspended by wrists and ankles.

Elisa then covered my eyes with little cups which she taped in position.

Although I couldn't see, I heard the cylinder close with a clang and so
afterwards felt myself getting rapidly warm. Presumably Elisa had turned on the
bulbs wich were both ultraviolet and infrared. Then the crossbars began to
rotate so that I was turned from face up to face down to face up and so forth.
It was like I was on a roasting spit.

I became hotter and hotter and it felt like my arms were being pulled from their
sockets. "Please, Elisa, enough. You're cooking me."

"No, another half hour should do it."

"No, that's too long. Please," but I got no reply.

When I thought I would faint, I suddenly felt cool air and then I was lowered
onto the platform.

"Now you are nice and pink. A few days like this and you will have a beautiful
tan with no pale areas," Elisa said. "How about some lunch?" The restraining
belt and chains went back on.

After lunch it was another session on the treadmill. I resisted this and was
awarded a few swats. This time she took me to the point where I actually fell
and scraped one knee. She didn't seem particularly sympathetic.

"Well you can rest in the sauna," and with that she pushed me into a slightly
darkened, very hot room with wooden benches. The wrist chains had been removed -
"They get too hot in the sauna" - and the cuffs were simply tied together behind
me. I was surprised when Elisa took off her uniform, bra and rather skimpy
panties, joining me on the bench where I sat.

From a bottle she poured some oily lotion into her hand and began to softly coat
me from the top of my bare head to my toes. It became increasingly more sensual
and arousing. She had me stand so that she could coat between my thighs and in
my crevice. God, it felt good.

Next she stood up and applied the lotion to her own big breasts (one still
showing the black and blue discoloration). Pulling me to her, our breasts met
and slid from side to side.

She brought her lips closer and closer to mine. I was aroused and embarrassed. I
had wondered what this would be like but had never done it. We kissed and I
found myself responding hungrily. Her hands were all over me and she forced me
back until I was lying on a broad wooden step. The sweat, lotion and my own
juices made the penetration of her fingers into my vagina an easy passage. It
didn't take long for her to bring me to a climax.

We lay together for a few minutes and then she led me out to a large vat of
water. She turned me so that my rump was against the rim and then simply pushed
me back over the edge and into the icy water. The shock was instantaneous. I
righted myself and got my head above water as she joined my in the vat. I tried
to get out but she pulled me back and roughed up my breasts.

"Debbie, you don't know how fun you are. Lord, I wish I could be with you
tomorrow down in hydro."




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Ten

After a peaceful night in my bed covered with the canvas, I was given breakfast
and then an orderly came with a gurney. He was joined by Maria and the nurses
aide. Although I struggled, the three of them soon had me on the thing, my
wrists and ankles attached to the side rails and three straps across my chest,
pelvis and knees.

Maria said, "Have fun, Debbie. You'll come back a much nicer person."

Going down the corridor I decided to give them a hard time by yelling, "Where
are you taking me, you bastards. You're going to kill me, I know." I followed
this with a series of obscenities that began to disturb everyone in the hallways
including the orderly. By the time we reached our destination, he was mad and
immediately told the hydrotherapy crew what he thought of me. The result was an
immediate pear gag strapped tightly around my face.

The hydrotherapy unit consisted of a receiving area and then several rooms.

I could see tubs, pipes, lifts of various sorts, large piles of sheets and
coverings and other things that I couldn't appreciate in the short time it took
to get me into one of the rooms. One of the nurses came in and briefly read my
chart.

"Well, Debbie, we are going to be kind to you and see how you respond," she
said.

"We will using a low level pack."

I didn't know what she meant but it didn't sound too bad. I tried to ask her how
long I would be in the pack, but my words were very muffled and unintelligible.

She began taking folded, wet sheets from a large container and arranged them on
a mat which lay on a large board that, in turn, covered what appeared to be a
tub. Some of the sheets covered most of the mat while others came about 2/3rds
of the way from the bottom and two only came 1/3rd of the way.

The orderly and the nurse then transferred me over onto the wet sheets, taking
care to keep me well restrained in the process. My wrists were pulled over my
head and fastened to a ring at the top of the board. The orderly held down my
knees as I struggled a bit. Then the nurse started with the short sheets. The
top one was wrapped over one leg up to my crotch and shoved under the other leg
and thigh. The second was wrapped around both lower extremities. Then, working
with the higher sheets, she wrapped me from my arm pits to my toes. As she did
this I was rolled from side to side as each sheet was pulled as tightly as
possible. Then my arms were placed at my sides and sheets were placed over each
one and under my body. I immediately tried to bring my arms forward but the
sheets prevented this.

Finally, The long sheets were wrapped tightly around me from my neck down.

I must have looked a little like a mummy.

With a grunt the orderly lifted me off the mat and the nurse slid the mat and
board off the tub which was already about 15 inches deep and already filled with
water. He slowly lowered me into the water but still water lapped over the edge.

"Comfortable, Debbie?" the nurse said. "The water temperature is about the same
as your body temperature, so you shouldn't mind that. Now we are going to get
you a little more secure." With that she placed a canvas cover over the tub,
allowing my head to protrude through a hole which was then fastened around my
neck below my collar. The edges of the canvas were then laced to the edge of the
tub. The covering served to keep my head up out of the water.

"I'll give you a little water later on. If you have to urinate, go ahead for
water will be constantly running at a slow rate in and out of the tub. Just
don't poop.

Have fun."

With that they left me. By now the water had seeped through the layers and was
quite pleasant. So this was the "tank". It sort of disappointed me and I decided
to see how much I could move. I found that I could wiggle my toes and fingers a
little and could actually bend my knees and hips an inch or so. I could not move
my arms forward at all. I tried twisting and felt my body turn a little for my
body was buoyed up somewhat by the water.

The twisting seemed to loosen my arms a little. I still couldn't move them
forward but found I could move them backward more than before. Just maybe I
could get out of this. I set to work, flexing various joints as well as
twisting. Progress was slow or absent and after awhile I realized that I was
tired. Giving in to the restraint I snoozed until the nurse wakened me by taking
out my gag.

"Listen, you bitch, I want to get out of here," I screamed.

"Debbie, that's not nice," was her reply as she inserted a different gag.

This one had a hole though it with a fitting on the outside to which she
attached a tube.

She connected the other end to a bottle of milky fluid. "This will give you
fluid and some calories. You could have had a luncheon meal if you had not made
so much noise."

As she opened the tubing, the fluid started to fill my mouth. Happily the rate
was such that I could keep up with it by swallowing fairly rapidly. She left me
drinking my lunch. By the time the bottle was empty, I was full as was my
bladder. Oh well. I urinated but couldn't sense any change in temperature
between my thighs. Guess the water was in fact at body temp.

Then I really began working at loosening the sheets. Probably an hour later I
was finally able to swing a forearm out from under a sheet. By remembering how
the sheets were wrapped, I pulled and tugged until the other arm was loose. I
worked my hands up towards my neck. It took a bit of doing to get them past my
breasts and this made my nipples come to life. However, I didn't stop to play
with them.

When I reached my neck area. I thought I might not be able to go further.

But why not see if I could rip the inner sheet? This worked! Little by little I
tore one sheet and then the next.

Soon I was really making progress. When my arms were finally outside the sheets
but still under the canvas, I began to wonder how I was going to loosen or break
the lacing that attached it to the tub. No matter what I tried, I just could rip
or break the canvas or the edge bindings.

Frustrated, I decided to really make a mess. So I proceed to gradually tear up
all the sheets into thin strips. As an encore, I shit right into the water.

About this time the nurse returned and said, "Well Debbie, the afternoon is
almost over and we have to get you out of that water before you really get
water-logged." She wrinkled her nose and continued, "Do I smell something?
Debbie, you didn't, did you?"

She called for an orderly who grabbled my wrists as she removed the canvas.

"Fasten her right there," she ordered. "Wrist and ankle cuffs." She opened the
drain and watched the water run out. "Bring some buckets of water from the "B"
tub in the next room."

When he turned, a bucket in each hand. She said, "Be my guest." With that, he
started pouring the water all over me. I gasped as I realized that the water was
ice cold. In fact it had ice cubes in it! The gag kept me from screaming but I
still made a fair amount of noise.

She laughed and simply said, "More." This went on until I was shaking and
shivering. They stopped when they judged me to be clean again.

"And look what you did to the sheets. You are really going to be sorry.

Instead of going back to your little ward, you'll spend it in your favorite dog
cage."

She ignored the shaking of my head.

The orderly released my wrists from the tub but quickly fastened them behind me.
My ankle cuffs were hooked together and I was unceremoniously pulled out of the
tub and dumped on the floor. The orderly left for the cage and the nurse said, "
You just might slide those hands of yours down over your feet. We can't have
that." She took a short chain from a cabinet and hauled my wrists up towards my
neck. The chain was then fastened to a ring on my collar. She led the chain down
under the wrist cuff linkage and then back up to the collar.

Pulling on the chain as she attached it, my wrists were severely drawn upwards
and I immediately felt the strain on my arms and shoulders.

I tried to say please as they pushed me into the small cage and locked the door.
"No supper for you, young lady. And tomorrow you will find out what a real, top
level wet pack can be like. In fact, it won't just be tomorrow. Probably we will
leave you in it for a few days. It's a lot of work for us by I am going to enjoy
making you miserable. I am sure Dr.

Gonzales will okay the order." After pushing the cage into a storeroom, they
turned out the lights and left me, despite my moans.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Eleven

I spent a very restless and uncomfortable night. It took me awhile to get warmed
up but mainly the problem was trying to get comfortable. I could not stretch out
and turning from side to side took effort. My mouth was dry from air coming in
through the hole in the gag and my arms ached from being pulled up onto my
shoulder blades. I must have slept a little much certainly not much.

When the morning workers arrived they came in and out of the storeroom
essentially ignoring me. Then the nurse who had threatened me the day before
entered and said, "Okay Debbie, now it's your turn." She opened the door to my
cage and snapped a leash onto my collar. An orderly appeared and helped the
nurse drag me out of the room and into a bathroom area. I was forced to kneel in
a shower stall that had rings in the wall at various levels. Short chains were
placed between rings on my collar and rings about three feet up from the floor
on the walls. This more or less immobilized my head and neck and kept me in the
kneeling position.

A bottle of solution was hung above my head and a tube was run from the bottle
to my gag. Soon the fluid was running into my mouth forcing me to swallow. The
fluid was sort of salty but not too bad.

"Debbie, this will take care of your fluid requirements, give you some calories
and, most importantly, will act as a strong cathartic. We are not going to give
you the chance of defecating in your pack today."

Soon I was having watery diarrhea with cramps. Periodically the nurse or the
orderly would flush out the shower stall with water from a hose an also use the
stream to wash my crotch and behind. When all the fluid had run into me and when
the diarrhea had largely subsided, I was placed facing the wall on a toilet, my
legs fastened to the bowl on each side and my collar attached to a ring in front
of me. Next I felt a large plug being inserted in my rectum. I cried out from
the sudden pain of the dilation. My anal sphincter closed on the outside neck of
the thing. I tried in vain to expel it. Then I felt enema fluid running into me,
apparently thru the plug.

I groaned as the pressure increased in my belly. How much they gave me I had no
way of knowing. Finally the plug was roughly pulled out and I gushed into the
toilet.

"Guess you're pretty well cleaned out," said the nurse.

With the orderly's help I was taken to a hydrotherapy room larger than the one
used yesterday. This had more than one tub and these were deeper. A lifting
apparatus was also present. My first stop was a bed on which lay a frame, about
10 x 3 feet.

My wrist and ankle cuffs were attached to the corners of this frame, putting a
little tension on my extremities.

Then the nurse washed my vaginal area with some cold fluid and inserted a Foley
catheter into my bladder. Urine immediately began to flow into the attached
tubing.

"Debbie, unlike yesterday, your head today will be under water from time to
time. In fact, most of the time. So we are going to place a special breathing
device in your mouth.

Open up," the nurse said as she removed the gag. The new thing looked like a
diver's mouthpiece, with two tubes attached. There was a part that went between
my teeth, a flange between my teeth and my lips, and then an outer flange.
Although I fought against them, the orderly roughly pushed my cheeks against my
teeth and when I opened to yell, into my mouth went the thing. It was secured in
position by multiple strips of elastic tape.

Then a feeding tube was introduced through one nostril and down into my stomach.
I had learned to swallow this and only gagged a little. Some type of gummy
ointment was then squirted into both nostrils and into my ear canals. It seemed
to gel or become fairly firm rather rapidly and I noted that my hearing was
markedly reduced. Finally, the nurse took a large roll of the elastic tape and
said, "This works better than a discipline helmet." Around and around my head
the tape was wrapped. Some of the layers went over the top of my shaven head and
others went under my chin. Now I couldn't see a thing, I could hear little and
could only taste the rubber coating on the mouthpiece. What next?

The frame was suddenly raised off the bed pulling me up by wrists and ankles.
Then I was being submerged into lukewarm water. I had anticipated a bed and cold
sheets. But the sheets soon came. First, my arms were wrapped. I was amazed at
the tightness and the number of layers. Something rather rigid like a splint was
incorporated in the wrappings and I could feel my hands and fingers being bound
until they were cone-shaped along the chain that ran to the frame. In a similar
way sheets were wrapped around my lower extremities with my toes pointed
severely toward the foot of the frame. Next came my body. How many sheets and
layers I had no way of knowing. My poor breasts were flattened against me.
Apparently my ankle chains or ropes were released for I felt them move my lower
extremities together.

Something then went around them, probably a strap or some type of wrapping.

Also my arms were moved down to my sides where they were fastened in position
somehow.

As more sheets were wrapped around my entire body I began to struggle harder for
I realized that I was now unable to move anything except perhaps my head a
little. Even this movement became impossible when something rather rigid went
around my neck.

Then more wrappings around my head, neck and trunk.

I sensed that I was being raised out of the tank and placed on a bed or mat for
I could feel a little pressure on my back and buttocks. There was some pushing
and rolling on the sheets, perhaps to push out any excess water, and then
something more was fastened around me from head to toe. The pressure on my
entire body was increased until I wondered whether I would be able to breathe.

After a minute or so, I began to feel ice cold water seeping through the many
layers and soon I was shivering. I realized that I had to get out and started
moaning in case they could hear me through the breathing tubes. But this didn't
make much sense and even if they heard me they would probably only laugh.

When I was thoroughly chilled, I sensed that I was now in warm or hot water. Had
I been moved without knowing it? There was no way of knowing. I began to panic
as I realized that I was completely immobile and if something happened to cut
off my air, no one would know. Even if they did, they could not get be out of
this horrible pack in time. I systematically tried to move every joint from my
neck down. Nothing gave way. My God, how long would they keep me like this? I
struggled harder to no avail. I felt very hot and decided I wasn't getting
enough air through the tubes. I fought with all my strength.

On top of everything I couldn't see or hear anything. I breathed out forcibly
and maybe I heard this a little. I just couldn't do anything....and I started to
cry. No, I wasn't going to give in to them. I concentrated on thinking about
being held tightly by a man, unable to resist anything he did to me. There was
an awakening in my nipples and clitoris. Then I was thinking of Elisa and this
stimulated me further. But no matter what I thought of, it was not enough.

So I simply gave up. Perhaps this was how these packs worked. I sensed that I
was tired and perhaps was falling asleep when the water turned ice cold again
and soon I was shivering and struggling.

These cycles went on and on. I'm sure I slept a little but I had no idea of
time. I couldn't even figure out how long I had been in the hospital. If several
more days had passed, maybe Dr. Morales would be coming soon. Didn't he say 10
to 14 days? Let's hope he said 7 -10 days.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Twelve

I awoke feeling exhausted but became aware of the fact that I was being
unwrapped.

When they got down to my taped head and while the rest of me was still very much
immobile from the rest of the sheets, the tape was peeled off exposing my face.

Suddenly the light in the room was blinding me and the mouthpiece was removed.

Looking down at me was Elisa who said, "I just wanted to see your face and bald
head, and make sure you were having fun."

"Elisa, you look good too. I'll never wonder about a pack again in my life.
I'm not sure I'll be able to walk when you finish getting me out of this. Please
hurry," I begged.

"Oh, your going back in. You've only been in this pack two days."

I screamed, "Noooooooo..." as the mouthpiece went back in and the tape went
around my head. I couldn't believe how cruel she was. Soon I was completely
mummified and back enjoying the cycles of cold and hot, struggling and relaxing
from exhaustion. Maybe I was going to die. At least then I wouldn't know
anything.

Hours and hours later, perhaps even days, they really did unwrap me. My skin was
oiled and powdered and all the tubes were removed. The collar was still locked
around my neck and my wrists and ankles were still in cuffs. I made no
resistence as I was led back to my little ward where I was given a gown to wrap
around me. A meal was offered but all I wanted to do was lie on my bed. I even
helped them attach the chain to my collar.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Thirteen

The next morning I was awakened by Maria who helped me wash up and placed me in
the bedside chair for breakfast. Although my wrists were connected by a short
chain, this was not attached to any belt nor were my ankles linked in any way. I
guess I looked exhausted, and I was. I just didn't seem to have any fight left
in me. As before, my roommates were unable or unwilling to converse with me and
I was left to my own thinking.

Basically I thought I had little more to learn from the place, and had no desire
to try any more packs, showers or straight jackets. I would like to see a little
more of the hospital but also wanted to get out of the place. Perhaps I would
have an opportunity to just walk out of the ward, or perhaps Elisa would be
willing to show me around. I doubted that she would but there was no harm in
asking.

Unfortunately, Elisa didn't come to visit all that day. That evening after the
aide went out with the supper dishes (they still wouldn't allow any utensils) I
found myself sitting there unfettered and unattended. I simply got up and walked
out into the corridor. I passed another ward similar to the one I had just left,
a couple of utility rooms and a small kitchen. Then there was a stairway but the
door was locked.

Suddenly, an alarm sounded. I sprinted for the end of the corridor where there
was an exit sign but that door was also locked. I opened a nearby door and found
myself in a small storeroom. Quickly closing the door, I found myself in
darkness and groped my way into a corner behind some type of barrel. Maybe they
wouldn't find me.

However, it wasn't long before the door opened and the lights came on.

"I don't see her in here," a male voice said.

"Well, she couldn't have left the floor," came a reply. "Make sure she isn't in
there hiding."

As they entered the room, I started throwing anything and everything I could lay
my hands on. They immediately retreated and closed the door. Now what? It didn't
take long to get the answer. When the door again opened, there were two
orderlies and one nurse looking not at all happy. I looked for the net that had
captured me before but didn't see one. As I picked up a bedpan to throw, I felt
a sudden sting on my abdomen. Looking down I could see some type of dart hanging
out from my gown. I grabbed it and withdrew it from my flesh.

Meanwhile they had simply closed the door again. I tried the door knob but found
they had locked me in.

Within a few minutes I was feeling faint and realized I was going to fall down.
I guessed the dart was some type of tranquilizer.....

.....I awoke to find myself back in the ward, spreadeagled and gagged on my bed.

Chains fastened my cuffs to the corners of the bedframe. Elisa sat on the edge
of the bed, gently washing my face.

"Debbie, Debbie. When are you going to learn? Now, I don't know what Dr.
Gonzales will order for you. After the hydrotherapy, I thought he might release
you to a big ward with privileges. Well, get some sleep. Unfortunately he was
notified and said he would see you in the morning," she said.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Fourteen

I awoke to the sounds of breakfast for the others but none for me. Maria came by
and said, "Dr. Gonzales just called and wanted to make sure you were thoroughly
restrained and gagged. I told him where you were and that you were well chained
with a pear gag. He wanted tape added, so here we go."

With that she began wrapping the horrible elastic bandage around my entire lower
head, muffling my groans. As she was finishing, Dr. Gonzales appeared with an
orderly and some type of nursing supervisor.

"Are you sure she can't get loose?" was his first question. "While I review her
chart I want you to get a blood specimen for AIDS. Just look at my hand."

Despite the fact that multiple days had passed since I bit him, the hand was
still very swollen and bandaged. "She could have any type of infection," he
added.

"And from her little attempt to escape yesterday, she still is obviously
agitated, paranoid and difficult to control.

Well, schedule her for a series of five electroshock treatments."

I looked at him in disbelief and screamed into the gag and tape.

Maria said, "I thought that Dr. Morales had specified no electroshock."

The reply from Dr. Gonzales was, "Didn't you hear? Dr. Morales had a sudden
heart attack two days ago and died. So his orders no longer apply. Besides, if
he knew about her behavior here, he would agree. In fact, I don't know why he
didn't or shock therapy to begin with. It will give me considerable pleasure to
start her immediately."

As the import of his words sank in, I struggled against my bonds and continued
to yell and groan. My God, there was no one to come to release me. Well, maybe
Dr. Morales' nurse, but she would be very involved with his funeral and her own
future.

Would she remember me? ...ever?

My immediate problem was fighting as they (2 orderlies and two nurses) linked my
wrists together behind my back, strapped my knees and ankles and transferred me
to a stretcher where I was covered by a restraining sheet.

Maria came over and said as I was wheeled away, "I'll let Elisa know but doubt
if she can do anything. It won't be too bad."

I knew that in my own hospital, patients received a brief general anesthesia and
intravenous muscle relaxants to stop the convulsions that would otherwise occur
when the shock was applied across the brain. I had heard that in the 'old days'
flexion fractures occasionally resulted from the convulsions. What about here?

The treatment room to which I was taken had what appeared to be an operating
table. I was transferred onto this and, despite my struggling, my ankle and
wrist cuffs were attached to the edges of the table with my arms by my sides.
Broad straps were then tightly placed over my chest, waist, hips and knees. Next
I felt the center of the table being raised, hyper extending my back. To my
dismay, I could see no anesthesia machine although they did have an oxygen tank
there. Also, there was no evidence of an EKG machine or any other monitoring
device.

Dr. Gonzales entered the room with another man who I guess was some type of
doctor.

He went to the head of the table and looked down at me.

"Glad to see your head is already shaved," he said. "Saves us time." With that
he applied some type of jelly or ointment to the sides of my head just above my
ears, and then placed on these areas two electrodes with wires attached. A
rubber strap around my head held these in position. "Usual voltage, frequency
and amperage?" he asked Dr.

Gonzales who smiled and nodded.

The doctor then said to me, "Debbie, I'm not sure about that gag of yours.

It might not prevent you from biting yourself. So I am going to replace it with
a standard rubber mouth piece and airway. Please don't fight me for I can make
this much more difficult for you."

He sounded sincere and a little sorry for me. As he took off the tape and
removed the gag I said, "Doctor, please don't do this. I am not crazy." But in
went the rubber thing, wedging open my jaws with something that held my tongue
down and out of the way. Then my head was strapped back over a roll behind my
neck.

Then he said, "Ready? Everyone step back." Then came a burst of light and pain
in my head.........

I slowly regained consciousness to find myself lying on a bed. I couldn't figure
out where I was or why I could only move my hands and feet a short distance.

Wasn't I a nurse?

Why wasn't I on duty? What was my name? Why did I hurt all over?

A nurse came to the bedside and said, "Good, you're waking up. Debbie, are you
hungry?"

"Who are you? Where am I?"

"Debbie, you are in a mental hospital and have had a shock treatment.That's why
you can't remember. Your mind will slowly clear. Just try to relax."

With time I could recall hearing that Dr. Morales was dead but everything after
that was blank. Later, Elisa came by and we talked for quite a while. I decided
to tell her everything for it seemed like my only chance of getting out of the
place.

Although she listened, she did not seem to accept what sounded like an
unbelievable story.

"Debbie, I'll think about what you told me. But now I want you to get some
rest."

With that she leaned forward and kissed me.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Fifteen

I faintly remember being taken back to that treatment room the next day and
again seeing the doctor as he applied the electrodes.....but then everything
became a blur until I became aware of being on my knees on a mattress, holding
onto some bars that surrounded me as well as covering the top of what appeared
to be a cage!

Then Elisa appeared. For a moment I had a hard time remembering who she was but
ti began to come back. She said, "Debbie, you look more alert. Remember me?
You have had a series of shock treatments and that's why you're confused. I
finally persuaded Dr. Gonzales to let me bring you here to the old hospital
annex and have been taking care of you."

"How long have I been here?"

"Two days since your last treatment. Incidentally, I relayed to Dr.
Gonzales what you told me about coming here to find out whether our methods of
therapy worked. He became quite upset. I guess he is worried that you will tell
the outside world about what goes on here and in particular the sexual attack on
you. Until he figures out what to do with you, he wants me to keep you here
where we do some experimental work," Elisa said.

"What kind of experiments?" I asked.

"Well, really nothing too drastic. One involves sensory deprivation and the
other we have you scheduled for tomorrow. I actually think you may enjoy it."

I had read about sensory deprivation. Usually a person is placed in a tank of
warm fluid where they sort of float in darkness and are deprived of sound. I had
wondered how it would feel and supposed it would have a calming effect. She
wasn't giving me any clues about the other experiment.

Elisa continued, "You had dinner a little while ago but probably don't remember
it.

How would you like to get out of that cage and have a nice massage to ease those
sore joints?"

It sounded good for I was cramped and ached all over, presumably from the
convulsions. She made me promise not to attempt anything funny under threat of a
straight jacket. The door of the cage was opened and she helped my lie face down
on a nearby table covered with a rubber sheet. My wrists were loosely chained to
the head of the table and my ankles to the foot. She then brought over a heat
lamp and trained it on my back. The warmth was welcome. I was surprised when she
then took off her uniform down to her bra and panties.

"I don't want to get the uniform soiled or sweaty," was her explanation.

She then poured a little oil between my shoulder blades and started to massage
my back muscles. It really felt good and I began to relax. She worked up my neck
and arms and even massaged my scalp, keeping the oil from running down into my
eyes. Then she proceeded down over my buttocks, giving them a few playful swats
with her hand in the process.

I murmured, "Mmmm. Should I thank you?"

"If you'd like." Her hands worked their way down my thighs, legs and even my
feet and toes. Then back up between my thighs and in the crevice between my
buttocks. As the oil ran down to my pubis, I realized I was getting aroused, but
simply smiled.

"Okay, over on your back," she said. She had to help me because of my chains but
they were loose enough so they just crossed and pulled my arms up a little
higher.

She poured oil on my upper abdomen and started kneading my abdominal muscles.

Her hands then gently went up over my breasts, her fingers brushing my hardening
nipples.

She worked up my neck and over my face. I opened my mouth to kiss her fingers
and found the oil to be not only fragrant but lemon flavored. Then more
attention to my breasts. I looked down to see that the little bumps in the
areolas around the nipples were also very prominent. I moaned in sheer delight,
and this increased as her hands slid between my thighs to find my vaginal
orifice.

"Please,.." came from my mouth.

"Please, what?" she asked.

I didn't know what to say. Then she removed her bra and panties, and lay down on
top of me, massaging me with her big breasts as her hand played a tune on my
clitoris and vagina.

I gasped with pleasure as I got closer and closer to a climax, but she suddenly
stopped.

"Let's save that for tomorrow night," she said as she wiped first herself and
then me.

"You really like tormenting me, don't you?" I asked.

"Yes , but I know the tormenting also gives you pleasure, Debbie. Now off to
sleep. I'll help you use the bathroom first. Do you want to be unfettered in
the cage, or chained on this table?"

"I guess the table is more comfortable if the chains are not too tight."

And so to sleep.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Sixteen

The next morning, Elisa brought me a tasty breakfast and helped me wash up in
the bathroom. She said that Dr. Gonzales was coming by later but that she was
going to start things going.

"What things?" I asked.

"You'll see, and no funny stuff. Did you think of me last night?"

"How could I not think of you? But how about helping me get out of here?"

"No, I'd loose my job, and might even find myself in a pack. Anyway, maybe we'll
talk later. Have you ever dressed in latex clothing?"

"Well, I had a diving suit on once. It was sort of fun and the guys said I
looked fabulous."

From a box she took out two pieces of black latex clothing. "This is about the
same but is thinner, but more elastic. Sit down and put the pants on first." She
opened a zipper in the back and shook in some talcum powder.

My first thought was that the pants were too small, but slowly I worked my feet
and legs in. I noticed that the pant legs went all the way to my toes and were
enclosed at the ends.

The rubber stretched enough to compress my flesh but was not uncomfortable.

In fact it was sort of sensuous. She zipped me up giving me a small waistline.

Next came the upper part, again with a zipper in the back. She helped raise my
breasts a little so that they went into the cups that were molded into the
front.

The arms terminated in fingerless gloves and I noted little straps extending out
from the thumbs and from the end of gloves. Elisa took my right hand and folded
the thumb across my palm, fastening the strap to the ack of the glove. Then she
flexed my fingers over the thumb and fastened this strap to my forearm. I found
I could no longer move my fingers.

"So you can't pick your nose or play with your self." She led me into another
room and said, "Okay, up you go onto this cabinet. Lie down on your side facing
the wall." The lower part of the cabinet had a few dials and the top consisted
of a thick rubber mat with numerous small slots. "Debbie, I am going to gently
insert a little rectal probe so we can check your temperature."

As it went in I asked, "Why do you want to do that?"

"You'll see, and no more talking for awhile." With the probe in place she had be
roll onto my back and then fastened my wrists and feet to the sides of the table
with straps. She couldn't use my cuffs for they were inside the rubber suit
which was beginning to feel rather warm. Happily my arms were by sides. Next she
opened the cabinet doors and fed a strap up through one of the slots close to my
chest. She pulled this across me and down through another slot. I could feel her
pull it tight and fasten it. In a similar way, straps were placed around my
waist, upper thighs, knees and ankles. I was now bound tightly to the table, but
it was sort of nice to be held this way.

"I see you're smiling, Debbie, my love. Remember this?" as she felt my breasts
and gently pinched my nipples.

Next, she picked up a large rubber sheet and placed it over me and the entire
table, allowing my head to come out through an opening which closed snugly
around my neck.

There were grommets along the edge of the sheet and she used these to lace the
sheet tightly over the edge of the table. At this point the phone rang.

"Hello, yes, this is Elisa.....No she isn't gagged yet but soon will be....Yes,
four or five minutes......Okay. Debbie, that was your favorite doctor." With
that she with a little difficulty brought over a large, rectangular frame and
placed it over the table to form a tightly fitting rim. It snapped in place,
sealing the rubber sheet to the table edge.

Finally came a latex hood with a built in pear gag and no eye holes. "See you
later,"

as she pulled it over my head, popped in the pear to fill my mouth, and zipped
up the back.

The hood was quite tight and immediately muffled my words of protest. I jerked
my head back and forth, but all she said was, "Hi, Dr. Gonzales, just in time."

"That's the way I like to see that bitch. Did she give you a bad time?"

"No, she's very easy to control now."

"Good, let's get going. Record her temperature and open the valve."

I heard a hiss but initially nothing seemed to happen. All I could feel was the
pressure of the latex and the straps, together with the fact that I was sweating
in the suit. Then I realized I was getting hotter and hotter.

"Like our little steam table, cunt," he said and laughed when I yelled and
shouted.

"Relax and enjoy," he suggested. "I'll be back in an hour or so. Take her up to
about 105 or 106 if you can, and check her temperature every 10 minutes or so.
Oh, and increase the pressure."

The hissing became louder and it felt like the rubber suit was tighter.

Also, the sheet seemed to balloon up around my neck, pushing my head back and
closing my jaws more tightly on the gag.

I guess I became delirious and passed out. For the next thing I knew I was back
in the other room, chained loosely on the table. Elisa was sponging me off with
ice water. "Hi, you did just great. How do you feel?"

"Like I've been cooked - and I am thirsty and tired."

"Good, this treatment may work as well as a pack on some patients. Maybe I'll
have you write down your thoughts one of these days. Rest now and I'll be back
later," Elisa said as she covered me with a light blanket.

I guess it was early evening when she returned. She had with her several covered
dishes and a bottle of wine. My chains were released and my wrist cuffs loosely
linked as she brought up two chairs to my table. The food and wine were
excellent. It seemed like the first real food in weeks. Elisa seemed a little
tense and I wondered whether she was concerned about being caught being nice to
me. But this seemed unlikely considering where we were and the fact she held a
rather superior position on the staff.

After dinner, I tried to talk to her about helping me escape. Her reply was,
"Maybe we'll talk later. Now I want you back up on the table, face down."

I couldn't interpret the tone of her command but complied. She then had me raise
my fanny up in the air with my chest on the table pad, and place my wrists down
near my ankles.

With little links she attached my right wrist cuff to my right ankle and then
did the same on the left. I felt rather embarrassed my this position but
couldn't do much about it.

Elisa went over to a cabinet and took out some powder which she proceeded to
sprinkle over my back, buttocks, thighs and legs. Soon she was massaging these
in a very relaxing way.

"That feels wonderful," I said.

"Okay, over on your back."

This position was more comfortable but left me more exposed.

"What will it be? Oil or powder?" Elisa asked.

"I think I like the oil better. It's more....you know."

"You're a delightful little plaything, you know," she said as she began to rub
oil into my neck, chest, and breasts, working her way downward. Closer and
closer to where I found myself aching for attention. My God, her hands and
fingers were talented.

Just when she had my vaginal introitus well lubricated with her oil and my
juices, she stopped.

"No, please, more," I begged.

"I have a little surprise for us," she said. She went over to her cabinet and
returned with some type of strap device. She temporarily put it beneath the
table out of my sight and proceeded to remove all her own clothing. Then she
retrieved the device.

When she held it up I could see that it was a double dildo with attached straps.
The dildos were arranged base to base.

She climbed up on the foot of the table between my legs and got her left hand
wet with the oil on my abdomen. This she smeared on one dildo which she then
carefully inserted into her own vagina. The straps she buckled around her,
leaving the other dildo pointing at me.

"Ready or not, here I come," Elisa whispered.

I didn't know whether to fight her or welcome her, but realized that my wants
were quickly winning. She gently penetrated me as I rose to greet her. She
played with me by withdrawing a little and then pushing in further. Soon we were
establishing a rhythm and I found my desires soaring. I clamped my thighs
tightly around her. For a moment we tried to slow down but found this
impossible. I think we both came at about the same time.

For a while we lay embraced. I tried to sort out my feelings and decided to just
enjoy the moment instead.

"Thank you, Debbie," she said. "I'm not sure we will ever have this opportunity
again."

"Why, what's going to happen?"

"I frankly don't know. Dr. Gonzales has that sensory deprivation experiment

scheduled for you tomorrow. This won't be bad. And I have the day off."

"You mean you won't be there?" I said with concern.

"No, but I have asked Maria to be with you. There is someone I have to talk to
and won't be back until Wednesday morning."

"I assume this is Monday," I said, thoroughly confused about days and dates.
"But that doesn't explain why we can't have fun Wednesday night."

"Debbie, maybe we can. But Dr. Gonzales is very worried about you. There has
been a call about you from Madrid. He's trying to find a way to get rid of you.

He said something about arranging a "suicide" if he couldn't figure out
something else. He doesn't think a transfer to another facility would work.
There was even mention of selling you to a slave ring."

"You can't be serious," I gasped.

"Well I think he knows that the staff would turn him in if you were harmed, and
he would have a hard time falsifying the records if you disappeared. So maybe he
will just have to accept whatever happens and hope that it doesn't ruin his
career. Let's keep our fingers crossed. Now, it's bedtime. Unfortunately, you
have to go back in the cage, for that is what your orders read. I will leave the
chains off."

Trying to comprehend what she just told me, I allowed myself to be led over to
the cage, crawled into it and gratefully accepted the blanket she handed to me
as she closed and locked the door.

I found myself wishing I had at least told her I had an enjoyable evening, but
all the other thoughts were streaming through my head. There was little I could
do about the situation at the moment. Maybe Maria would help me in the morning.
I guess my last thoughts before falling asleep were about the absurdity of
slaves in this day and age.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Seventeen

I was awakened by the sound of Maria entering the room. Unfortunately she was
accompanied my Dr. Gonzales who immediately said, "What is she doing without a
gag?

Obviously Elisa has been neglecting this uncontrollable problem patient.

Chain and gag her immediately."

Maria came over to my cage and remarked, "Not the best way to wake up, is it?

Please don't give me a hard time. In my left hand is an electric cattle prod
which I don't want to be forced to use, so just put your back against the cage
side with your hands behind you."

"Maria, you have to help me get out of here," I whispered.

"No talking," she replied. "Elisa is working on something."

I felt the wrist cuffs being linked together and then a large bit gag was forced
into my mouth, the straps going around my head and neck. She then opened the
door of the cage and beckoned for me to crawl out. As I emerged she placed a
short chain between my ankle cuffs.

"Good, that's much better," said Dr. Gonzales. "Let her use the bathroom.

Pedro, my anesthetist will be here any minute and I want her on the table ready
to go when he arrives."

Why was an anesthetist coming I wondered. What had this to do with sensory
deprivation? Soon I was lying on an operating table worrying about what was
going to happen. Would he kill me? This seemed unlikely with Elisa there.

When "Pedro" arrived, they placed me on my side and refastened my wrists in
front of me. Dr. Gonzales then said, "Okay Maria, bring her knees up to her
chin."

I decided that whatever they were planning was not going to happen without a
struggle so I lashed out with my chained legs and swung my arms. Neither
maneuver accomplished anything. Dr. Gonzales jumped back, grabbed the cattle
prod, placed it on my upper back and pushed the trigger. A horrible pain went
down my spine and it seemed as though all my muscles momentarily convulsed. I
shrieked into the gag and tears came to my eyes.

"Now bitch, are you going to curl up for us?" Dr. Gonzales asked.

Maria helped me to get into the position and I felt the other doctor applying a
solution to my lower back.

"Debbie, I am going to put in a little novocaine and then insert a tiny catheter
in around your spinal cord. This will be like a spinal anesthesia but we won't
be putting in the agent just yet."

I felt the little needle but then the area was numb. In a few minutes I felt
tape being applied to the area and they rolled my onto my back. As they secured
my ankles and wrists to the table and placed several broad straps across my body
and lower extremities, I could see the catheter coming out from underneath me.

Dr. Gonzales said, "Debbie, they tell me you are intelligent and clever - and
may be a nurse. I don't believe it but am going to explain what is going to
happen so perhaps you can help us evaluate this experiment. Ordinarily in
sensory deprivation, the person is placed in a tub of body temperature water, is
blindfolded and either subjected to a low level noise or complete silence.
Obviously such a person still feels many things so many sensations are not
really obliterated. We are going to take this approach a few steps further and
will explain this as we go along."

"Pedro is going to attach some monitor leads to your chest and right arm as
Maria starts an IV in your left. Okay, now we are going to start the spinal
anesthesia." With that he injected some medication into the small catheter. I
really couldn't feel any change in my back for a few minutes but then noted a
warm feeling in my body from my waist down.

"Now you will begin to feel numb in your lower body. Can you feel this?" he
asked as he did something to my thighs or legs. I felt a little movement but
nothing more, but I couldn't answer him because of the gag.

"I guess not. Good. Now Maria is going to insert a urinary catheter."

I raised my head to see Maria working between my thighs but could neither feel
her or move my legs. In fact I realized I could feel nothing from my waist down.

Pedro then said, "Debbie I am going to spray something in your ear canals before
putting in some sound absorbent wax which will happen in a few minutes.

Also, I am going to spray your nose, entire mouth, pharynx and larynx so that we
can insert a tube into your trachea or windpipe. Please try to cooperate when I
take out the gag so Dr.

Gonzales will not have to use the prod again."

The spray was bitter and made me cough a little, but not bad. Almost immediately
my lips and tongue became numb.

Dr. Gonzales said, "After we put in the ear wax you will not be able to hear
much at all. So I'll explain the rest. I will be raising the level of spinal
anesthesia right up to your head.

As you know this will eliminate all sensation and muscle power from your neck
down, but does not affect your cranial nerves. We will be blindfolding you with
a special helmet or hood. The nose spray has eliminated smell and the mouth
spray, taste leaving you only with some skin and facial muscle sensations. These
we can almost eliminate with a special paste I have designed. It has a topical
anesthetic effect and forms an adherent mold decreasing your ability to squint,
smile, etc. Finally, the helmet is made of rubber and is inflatable putting a
moderate evenly distributed pressure all over your head. So your sensory
deprivation will be at least 98% complete. Oh yes, your respirations will be
automatically controlled with a respirator so don't worry about that."

"We are very interested in your reaction and response to this, so Maria will be
asking you many questions later and recording your answers. Have fun and I hope
you have all sorts of exciting dreams."

Pedro then put in the ear wax and everything got real quiet. When he removed the
gag I had a chance to yell, "You're a bunch of sadistic bastards. I'll see
that....." then my mouth was stretched open by a laryngoscope and the
endotracheal tube was inserted between my vocal cords completely silencing me.
My mouth was taped shut around the tube and nose plugs of some type were easily
inserted.

Dr. Gonzales placed little pads over my eyes and held them in place with what
felt like scotch tape. Then I felt some thick goo being spread all over my
scalp, face ears and neck.

Finally came the hood which was pulled down to my neck and snugged rather
tightly at that level. The pressure on my face increased as the hood was
inflated and I could feel the goo spreading and becoming thicker. I started to
pull on my wrist restraints but then noticed that I was feeling first warm and
then numb right up to my chin. I couldn't tell whether I was moving anything.

Within minutes, I couldn't feel anything. It was as if I didn't have a body.
There were absolutely no sensations from my neck down. My face seemed to be held
immobile but there was very little pressure anywhere. I could hear absolutely
nothing - except maybe my heart beating which meant I was also breathing but I
had no sensations of this. Briefly I thought I was drifting or floating out of
my body. I tried to yell but couldn't figure out how to do this. Maybe I was
dying.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Eighteen

I had never felt so helpless in my life. I tried to concentrate on feeling
anything. My emotions went from panic to bliss to colors to position to time. I
could remember things but then for minutes had questions as to where I was. I
thought of sex and tried to get aroused but had no feelings as to where my
nipples, breasts, vagina or clitoris were. I thought of Elisa but nothing
happened. What a royal mess!

Sometime later, probably hours and probably after some sleeping, I realized that
my wrists were in cuffs. My God, I actually could feel them, but my arms were
very heavy.

More time passed and I gradually came "back to life". The helmet was removed and
the sticky goo-covering was pealed from my head. Plugs were extracted from my
ears and nose and the pads came off my eyes. I was blinded by the light but
could make out Maria standing near me. Pedro stood at the head of the table but
Dr. Gonzales was not present. I tried breathing against the respirator without
luck.

Pedro said, "Don't fight it. I am about to remove the respirator and then you
can see what you can do on your own." For a moment I could not get my breath but
this disappeared.

"Good," he said. "You don't need me anymore," and left.

Finally I could feel Maria removing the catheters, one from my bladder and the
other from my back. I was back to normal...or almost. I felt tired and I guess a
little confused still.

Maria said, "Debbie, try to sit up so I can lock your hands behind your back.
Then I'll help you take a nice shower."

"Oh no, not a punishment shower. I didn't do anything," I complained.

"No, a nice shower." And that was what Maria gave me, complete with gentle
washing with a soft sponge. I could have purred. After I was toweled dry I was
placed in a chair and given a delicious salad and some wine. She had to help me
eat and drink but it tasted wonderful.

When I had finished these she turned on a tape recorder and we talked for almost
an hour about how I felt when totally deprived of sensations. I guess it was the
confusion and panic that bothered me the most. I had no answer to her question
of whether it would help in the treatment of an insane person.

"Okay, back in your cage little doggie and since Dr. Gonzales might come by I
will have to gag you. Do you have a choice of type?"

"No, please don't. I'll be quiet," I said.

"Doctor's orders." With that she selected a pear gag with a broad rubber strap
the covered my face from just below my nose down to a point below my chin. I
detested this for the drool just filled my mouth and kept me constantly
swallowing until I got used to it.

Back in the cage I heard a final "Goodnight. Elisa will probably be in early
tomorrow.




DEBBIE VISITS A SPANISH MENTAL HOSPITAL
by Rod

Chapter Nineteen - Conclusion

And that is what happened. Elisa was there when I woke up from an uncomfortable
night. She said little as she go me out of the cage and seated at a table, but
she looked sort of depressed.

"Is there something the matter?" I asked as she brought me breakfast. She
actually unchained my wrists.

"No, but...Do you know a Dr. Todd Martin?"

I gasped, "Of course. How do you know him?"

"Well, he is here. Actually not in the hospital but here in town. He came by a
few days ago and made some inquiries. Dr. Gonzales refused to see him yesterday
while you were in never-never land. But one of the nurses the day before had
suggested to him that he contact me. That is where I was yesterday. To make a
long story short, I am going to help you escape this morning and he will waiting
just outside the old entrance to this annex."

"You're not lying to me?" I asked. "Is this for real? Can I go now?"

Maria said, "No not yet. I want you to try to eat. You may need your energy if
Dr. Gonzales tries to come after you. And we have almost an hour before Dr.
Martin will be here."

I tried to eat but it wasn't possible. I was too excited. Elisa produced some
keys and proceeded to remove the ankle and wrist cuffs. Finally, the collar was
removed. My neck felt cool and light without the thing which had been in place
for...I couldn't guess the number of days. She had brought a nurse's uniform,
bra and panties. Also a shawl to put over my head and stubble of hair.

Almost with tears in her eyes she said, "Debbie I am going to miss you very
much.

Also, I am very sorry for some of the things I did to you - but not for others.
I think I was falling in love with you."

"I'm going to miss you too," I said. "When they find I'm gone, won't you get in
trouble?"

"No, at least not much trouble, depending on you," she replied.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you are going to make it look like you overpowered me. I don't want to be
unconscious, but you've got to make it look real," Elisa said.

"I think I can do that without any difficulty. When do we start?" I smiled.

"I'm ready. When you are done, just go down that corridor, down one flight of
stairs and use this key on the door. Dr. Martin will about thirty yards down the
alley in a black car."

"Okay. First, thanks very, very much for all your help. I will write to you an a
week or so. Now, strip!" I commanded. This she did rather slowly until I picked
up the cattle prod.

"No, please, not that." She finished disrobing quickly and I fastened "my"
collar around her neck and soon had the cuffs on her wrists and ankles.

She put her hands behind her back but I shook my head and locked them together
in front of her.

"You're being nice to me?" she asked.

"Sit down on the floor," I replied. I locked her ankles together and then
fastened the ankle and wrist links together. Placing a sheet along side of her I
rather roughly tipped her onto her side.

"Ouch, that hurt." She gave me a puzzled look as I dragged her on the sheet over
to the other wall of the room where I had seen a rope and pulley arrangement
hanging from the ceiling.

"I don't think I'm going to like this," she observed.

"I know you're not." Again I placed her in a sitting position. I then gave her a
long and passionate kiss as I played with her nipples. "Thanks again. Perhaps
someday we'll meet under better circumstances." With that I placed a ball gag in
her mouth.

She resisted only slightly but her eyes opened widely as I started winding 4
inch elastic tape around her lower face. Then I rummaged around in the cabinets
until I found a pair of shears. As she now struggled for real and started
crying, I proceeded to cut off most of her hair leaving a long tuft from the top
of her head to the nape of her neck.

"Okay, up you go." With this I tied the pulley rope around the cuff and ankle
links.

Happily the block and tackle attached to the pulley allowed me to then raise her
several feet off the floor. She moaned and shook her head as she slowly spun
around on the rope and tried to relieve the pull on the cuffs.

I then finished wrapping her entire head with the elastic tape, leaving the long
bunch of hair dangling. I braided a rope into these strands and then tied a two
liter bottle of IV solution onto the rope so that it was pulling her head back.
More groans. From the cabinet I also took and applied nipple clamps and a few
spring clothes pins to a few tender spots as the moans increased in intensity.
Finally I found her dildo. When I checked her she was already very wet. Her rump
was very exposed to me and I could not resist playing with her with my fingers
around and in her vagina. This led to my kissing her and tickling her clitoris
with my tongue. As I inserted the dildo, she exploded in an orgasm and I
realized that I also was very excited.

But there was only a little time left. I secured the dildo in her with a waist
and crotch strap. She looked very uncomfortable but maybe Dr. Gonzales would not
be convinced.

Maybe if I found a bottle of chloroform or something and placed it near her. I
looked through several cabinets but then found a leather "cat" with 20 inch
strips of leather.

I knew I might hate myself later but it sure would look real. No one would
suspect a conspiracy if she was covered with lash marks. The first blow was
light but surprised her into a yelp. I soon got into it and was secretly
delighted as the subsequent severe blows left very red marks. These quickly
became swollen and discolored. By this time she was crying and shaking.

"Time to say goodbye. Love you. I kissed one buttock and then her taped mouth.
Within minutes I was locked in a wonderful embrace in Todd's arms. "Let's go
home, or maybe to California."





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rod(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





