BDSM Library - Happy Birthday Bitch




Happy Birthday Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A surprise party for his girlfriend and she were really... surprised. gang rape, ws, torture,good stuff.
Happy Birthday Bitch

by forcer




Happy Birthday Bitch - Pt. 1


It was my gf Julia's birthday in a few day's and she expected a suprise party
because I had been making secret phone calls. The night before though I told her
of my plans to go camp for the weekend w/o her and with work buddies. Man was
she pissed and threatened to move out. The guys showed up and I packed my shit
in Jacob's SUV and off we went. To Jacob's house which was directly behind mine
but obscured through his shrub's.

    During the week I had set up surveilance cams and phone mics in my house to
see what she was going to do after I left. The little slut was already on the
phone with her sister making plans to go clubbing when we got into Jacob's and
started to watch/listen. She said to her sis,"That dick went to his camp for the
weekend and left me here alone for my birthday". Her idiot sis responded with
some moronic comment's about how we were assholes and that we were probably
going up there to fuck and suck each other off. Julia then went on talking about
how she was going to pick up another guy or two and bring them to my house and
fuck them in my bed to get back at me. Yeah right, I thought.

    Waiting for us at Jacob's house were two of his ex-roomate's, Matt and
Jeremy. I had set up Julia's suprise with the three of them (my secret calls).
We watched Julia all day, for the most part she spent the day doing normal house
shit which was boring but not too bad to watch since she had stripped of her
pants and only wore a pair of small spandex/lycra bikini panties and a tight
stappy half shirt of the same material. We smoked some shit and drank some beers
and mixers while we enjoyed the show.

    At about 6:30 things started to get hot. She had finished working around the
house and sat down to mwatch TV she had been flipping through the channels when
she came to a sport show showing highlights of some competition that consisted
of middle 20 year old guys biking, swimming, and rock climbing. She stopped at
this channel and put down the remote. Julia moved from the couch to the floor
and sat indian style with her back against the couch. After only about 5 minutes
of the show she started to gently caress herself with her fingertips starting at
her inner calves and up the thighs, hips, slowly up her sides and then quickly
to her firm breast's which she encircled with her hands sliding them out to her
nipples which she pinched and pulled out firmly with a twist and then let go.
She then returned one hand to her left breast and resumed the sensual firm
massage and nipple play. Her other hand slid down between her legs were she
traced her pussy lips gently with her nails through the panty material. Her head
fell back and her jaw dropped open(as did all of ours) with a soft moan of
pleasure. Her shoulders raised as her skin tightened with the tingling sensation
that consumed her body. She continued this for several minutes increasing
pressure on her favorite spots, as she did her soft moans and her breathing
increased with her self induced pleasure. At this point I began having second
thoughts about going through with my suprise for her, she was looking so soft
and sexy I was just goinng to go home and tell her I reconsidered the trip and
wanted to spend her birthday with her. Then her phone rang.

    It was an old boyfriend of hers who called to wish her happy birthday. They
were pretty close in college and spent the first year and a half together until
he transfered to a northeastern college of greater prestige. Soon after she and
I hooked up and have been together for five years. He said he was in town on
business and remembered her day and asked how we were going to celebrate it. She
told him how I went out of town and left her alone. I knew from her aroused
state and her tone of voice that this was a clear invitation to him. He also
knew her well enough to make his move. "Why don't we go out and catch up and
celebrate with some dinner, drinks, and dancing", he said. Julia hesitated for
about 1/2 a second and said sexily ,"sounds great, do you really think your up
for it?". He responded,"I am always up for you Julia". And they set their plans.
"FUCKIN' BITCH CUNT", I said turning to see all the guys looking at me like I
was fucked. My suprise plan for her was back on.




Happy Birthday Bitch--Pt. 2

This is the 2nd part of my first story. The first half described why the second
half came to be. This is the good part though. Enjoy. By the way this story is
fiction but if you ever have the chance to live it out for real go ahead.

Julia hesitated for about 1/2 a second and said sexily ,"sounds great, do you
really think your up for it?". He responded,"I am always up for you Julia". And
they set their plans. "FUCKIN' BITCH CUNT", I said turning to see all the guys
looking at me like I was fucked. My suprise plan for her was back on.

I told Jacob to get my black duffel bag from his SUV and come back in. While he
was out I got the other guys in the right frame of mind for their task by
inquiring about whether any of their ex gf's had cheated on them. Of course they
had and of course the guys immeditely remembered the bitches and began going on
about how powerless they were in their situations. They just had to take the
humiliation and move on.

Well, I said here's your chance to get them back and let out their anger.
Pointing at my gf on the monitor (who was fixing herself up like I had never
seen), I said,"we're gonna go and mercilessly rape this bitch right now".

Jacob returned with the bag, and passed out the stocking masks and black leather
gloves to all. We watched her for about another 1/2 hour until she was ready to
go and then began to move. Access was no problem since it was my place. We went
into the garage and waited. Not two minutes later she emerged excited and
gleeful to be going on her date. We pounced on her immediately. Her reaction was
intense due to her suprise and the extreme change in her situation.

Jacob and I could not speak because she would recognize us. So I had told Matt
to do the talking and he was great.Look what we have here boys a sexy little
slut bitch all dressed up and not going anywhere. Julia was trained on how to
avoid rape in a college seminar and her first tactic was to tell us that friends
expected her and would come looking for her. We knew different. Her asshole date
would think he was stood up and go home. If he did come looking, good, he'd get
his too. As the four of us moved her to my weight bench and fought to restrain
her Matt told her the more the merrier your going to be raw all over soon and
we'll need some fresh holes fuck. Her last words before the tape was applied to
her mouth were ,"please no!!!!umphhh".

"Now you calm down lady you don't want to embarrass me in front of my friends
now do you ?", Matt said. She tried to kick but eight strong arms subdued her
thoroughly and I gave her a slap across her terrified face. In no time we had
her tied down, totally immobilized. My lifting belt around her tummy and under
the bench cinched tightly made breathing even more difficult than the tape. Her
hands we taped with many raps of duct tape to the bench's uprights. Her hands
were especially immobile because we taped them while she was gripping the metal
posts like a hard cock, no twisting at the wrists. We then raised her legs and
taped them just above her hands on the uprights. This raised ass inches off the
bench and displayed her micro-thong panties and garter.

She jerked and her eyes widened as my switchblade snapped opened in front of
them. "Let's take a look at that cute little cunt of yours", Matt said, taking
the blade from me . He slowly slid it under her thong directly over her pussy
and then quickly jerked it away strething, then slicing through, the panty. She
shreiked through the tape. Jacob went into my bag and produced a douche bag. He
went to fill it at the hose but I stopped him and took it. I held the nozzle to
her face and she closed her eyes but they quickly reopened when she felt the tip
of it at her asshole. I spit on her asshole and rammed the thing in deeply. Her
scream was very audible through the tape and I twisted the nozzle for more
effect. Then without a word I climbed onto the workbench took my cock out and
began pissing into the bottle. My hot piss was flowinng into her tight little
asshole. Julia strained to escape, as she screamed through the tape gag. The
others pulled their cocks out right away and and lined up to take their piss.

-THIS STORY IS BETTER FROM HERE IN HER PERSPECTIVE. AND SO IT GOES-

"Please Noooo!" I mentally begged, but I was already feeling his hot piss
flowing into my ass. He sighed and handed the bag to the next guy, who drained
his urine into the spout like the first one had.I started to cramp as much from
fear as from their urine enema filling my bowels.

I could hear my own frantic noises through the tape as I tried to tell them that
I could not hold it. They produced a wet wash rag and wrapped it around the hose
forcing it against my asshole so nothing could escape.

They all took their turns filling my body with their piss. The tape muffled my
screams. The cramping stretched my bowels.

When all of them were drained they slid the nozzle from my ass, pushed the wash
rag into me and taped it there. I couldn't expel the enema. Their hot piss
continued invading my body.

A blindfold was strapped over my eyes and some one held my legs. I arched my
back as the head of his dick spread my pussy. He drove me hard into the bench
with each stroke.Tears flowed down my face from under the blindfold. My stomach
cramped each time his dick rubbed my bowels through my pussy.

Finally! His hot seed shot deep as he let go inside me.

Another dick slammed into my holeand hammered franticall. Rough hands ripped my
blouse away. My bra was forced up to my chin, leaving my breasts totally exposed
to brutal torment. Someone grabbed both of my nipples and squeezed, shaking my
breasts by them.

The tape was ripped from my mouth. I gasped for air. I started to cry out, but
was cut short by a dick sliding into my mouth. The pounding of my pussy went on
as they took turns with me. My nipples burned, and my tits ached from the
constant pinching and pulling.

Giving in to my humiliation totally I sucked desperately to please the one in my
mouth so it would be over, but he kept sliding deeper and deeper into my throat
with each thrust. I gagged and tried to breath as he pulled out. Tears poured
from my eyes in panic, slimy liquid running from my nose.

I don't know when they finished with my pussy because the dick in my mouth was
suffocating me.

then one of them said, "Hey buddy, we gotta go. Anytime she wants another
birthday let us know!"

Through the haze of semiconsciousness, I heard the shuffling of feet and the
door slamming. A single dick still pumped away down my throat. Beginning to come
around I realized it felt familiar. The thrusting cock went deeper and faster.
This couldn't be happening! Not him! His dick started pulsing, and my mouth and
throat were filled with his sticky cum. It seemed to spurt forever. I choked and
coughed as it came out around his shaft.

He jerked the blindfold of and said, "Hope your happy I didn't miss your
birthday party baby!", as he pulled the rag from my ass and my bowels drained.
He went into the house for about an hour and emerged with his belongings loaded
them into his pick up and left. For ever it turned out.

As I lay there bound in a haze, my tits and pussy raw, and my piss enema on the
floor around me. I heard a car pull up. Oh God NO!!! I thought it's Jack to take
me out!! After about five minutes (he must have been knocking) I saw his face
appear in the garage window. Looking right at me in my humiliated position. He
entered through the man door and walked up to me. My faced flushed with
embarrasment and I turned away from him. About another minute passed in silence
then I heard a zip. I quickly turned to him and saw as he was moving twards me
with his hard cock aimed at my asshole. He rammed it into me and covered my
mouth with his hand as I began to scream. As he slammed his dick in and out of
me he leaned into me and said,"This is all I wanted from you anyhow, might as
well get it the easy way. Huh? Afew more deep stokes from his cock and I passed
out.

,Forcer





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  forcer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





