BDSM Library - The Mall




The Mall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A business man away from home goes lingerie shopping and gets more than bargained for.
The Mall

Part 1

It all started innocently enough.  Well, not totally.  I was being a bit naughty
but I had no idea how far it would go.

I've been cross dressing for years.  I remember the days is college sneaking
into the women's dorm and stealing the odd pair of panties from the laundry
room.  Even then I think I wanted to get caught.  I also enjoyed the thrill of
visiting the local lingerie shop and buying a gift for my girl friend.  She
coincidentally wore the same size as I.  I always imagined that the sales girls
really knew what I was up to.  It just grew from there.

I was in the city for a user's conference and had time on my hands come Friday
afternoon.  I often wear lingerie under my business clothes when I'm at these
sort of functions, and this day was no exception.  I had developed a nasty run
in my black thigh highs and decided to check out the local Victoria's Secret
store to replace them.  I always find an excuse to enter that place, its just so
.... sexy.

I didn't want to be too conspicuous, but at the same time these trips are no fun
without a little dare.  I'm always daring myself.  Sort of my own little
imagined domme telling me what to do.  This time I packed my bra.  It had been
flat throughout the morning, but just before leaving the hotel I added my soft
silicon inserts.  I chose not to include the fillers that fit the inside of the
cups and build the busty 40D look I prefer, but even without them I still had a
nice B cup that juggled in my light lace bra.  The tight sweater and light
jacket I wore did little to hide my little twins.  The dare was to unzip the
jacket and shop with the tight sweater and what they contained a little more
visible.  There I was again, just wanting to get caught.

In this city the VS store was located in a large shopping mall on the outskirts
of town.  I'd been there several times during previous conferences and business
trips.  I took a taxi to the mall and just before entering I looked around to
ensure noone was looking and unzipped my jacket.  I had to be true to myself,
this was a dare.  Then, with shoulders back, back straight, I entered the mall. 
I could feel them jiggling on my chest.  What a slut!

Well, I wasn't really being that brazen.  I had purposely asked to be dropped of
at the entrance I remembered being closest to the VS store.  It was only a short
walk down an access hall and a little to the left and I was there.  The mall was
near empty, noone was around to see me.  I'd cheated them again, too bad.

Even when I entered the VS store noone was around.  I made my way to the hosiery
bar to find the thigh highs.  It was then I saw it.  My undoing.  The thing that
started it all.  It was a bit out of place. Something you'd be more likely to
see in a Frederick's of Hollywood store.  It was a simple display with a
mannequin dressed in a maid outfit, but it was the kind of outfit.  It featured
a tight high collar with a large cutout in front to expose lots of cleavage. 
Long tight sleeves with heavy frilly cuffs.  It had lots of bows, belts, and
straps that secured, almost bound the wearer in the outfit.  The skirt was way
too short and was stiff to stand out and expose a lacy thinly pantied rear.  It
featured lots of white lace and tight black spandex that created a look only
appropriate for a sex slave.  I loved it, it was me.  "Oh, some day" I thought.

I tore myself away and went to the hose section.  I found my size in a pair of
black seamed thigh highs and started back to the counter.  On the way past I
couldn't help stop and stare again.  I was so engrossed in the image and my
fantasies I never even saw her come up to me.

"May I help you"

It shocked me out of my other world, and I must have jumped a little.  They
jiggled.  I looked at her and she looked at me.  I mean really looked.  She saw
the jiggling boobs, the sliver of fishnet hose just visible above my shoes,
below my cuffs, and most of all, a very predominant bulge in my pants as a
result of what I had just been imagining.  And she smiled.  That knowing smile
reserved for those who know all.  One look at me in that state and she had me
pegged.  And the smile was to let me know that she did.  I know I blushed, I
could feel it in my ears.  I was caught!

She turned and looked at the display

"You like it?  It would probably fit."  My blush got deeper.  I was probably
purple by now.  "Come on we both know who those are for" she said pointing at
the packet in my hand.  "Come lets ring you up, and I want to talk, okay?"  What
could I say, I followed her to the counter.

Once at the front I leaned over the counter and avoiding her gaze put the
package down.

"No, stand up strait, let me look at you."  It was almost an order.  I did as
told and after a glance at my chest she looked directly into my eyes.  Oh, that
look said so much.  I sighed, she giggled.

"You do this a lot?" she asked.

"Only when I can.  I'm visiting the city alone, away from family, just a little
thrill to pass the time." I replied.

"And those?" she asked glancing down again.

"Just a little dare, I wanted to spice things up a bit."  That made her giggle
again.

"If you're alone, who dared you?"  A natural question I guess.

"I did, I dare myself lots of things, keeps it from getting boring."  I was
surprised how open I was being with this total stranger.

"You'd like to dare yourself into that I bet" she said pointing at the
mannequin.  I blushed again.  No answer was necessary.

"Would you like to earn it?"  I must have looked stunned, she just winked and
continued. "Come on, we both know you're a little sissy boy slut.  Out on a dare
to see what you get away with.  Well, this time you got caught.  I've seen you
here before.  I wasn't sure, but I suspected.  Now, well now we know.  You like
dares.  Well I have a dare for you, and this one is serious.  If you accept it,
under my terms, and go through it all the way, the outfit's yours.  And I'll
even through in a very special bonus.  That's it.  It's a dare.  Are you slut
enough?"

Well, she had me.  It was a dare.  A nasty, sleazy, mysterious dare.  And was I
slut enough?  Most of the outfits I wore in private and the fantasies I had
while wearing them proved that point.  It only took a second and looking strait
in the eye I said  "You're on."

"I knew it!  That look in your eye, that bulge in your pants, and you might just
do it.  Oh, the girls are going to die.  Are you sure?, really!, they won't be
easy on you!  You'll be used and abused!  Can you handle it?"  She was so
excited I was taken aback.  Finally she gave me a chance to reply.

"I can't turn down a dare, and from such a pretty lady, and with such a special
prize, how can I refuse."  She liked the compliment, I could tell.  I continued
"I can handle a lot of things, hell, I even get off on the humiliation aspect. 
Give me your best shot, but you'd better be ready to pack that up." I said
pointing at the maid outfit of my dreams.

"Oh, not so fast little sissy boy.  This won't be easy.  And it's not me that
will be giving you the shots.  Here's the deal.  All you have to do is visit
three other shops in the mall.  You have to remain in each for 1 hour regardless
of what they do to you.  Then, you return here so that I can see the result of
those visits.  If you return here, three hours from now, looking as I'm guessing
you will, then the outfit, and a special bonus offer is yours.  Deal?"

Sounded pretty simple to me.  After all what could happen here?  A very open,
public mall.  Your standard selection of Gap, Sears, etc.  Nothing too risque. 
This was a safe enough place to play, why not.  After all, I had nothing to do
until my flight the following morning.  "Okay, where do I start."

 "First, we get you ready.  Give me your jacket."  She took it and hung it on a
hook behind the door. "Now lift your sweater."  I looked around the store and
when my eyes came back to her she quipped "No sense being modest, compared to
what I expect you'll go through in the next few hours this is nothing, now up."

I lifted my sweater bunching it around my shoulders and she looked at my light
lace bra.  With a scowl she had me turned around and checked the tag on the
strap.  "This is a 40D, and with those little ..... oh, I see, didn't want to
show too much.  Well, we'll fix that" She reached under the counter and pulled a
pair of hard silicon bust enhancers, much like I had back in my room.  Slipping
those under the silicon forms my bra was now very full.

After I pulled down my sweater she had me check myself in a nearby mirror.  The
sweater was bursting.  They were big, heavy, bra busting tits.  And in the light
bra I was wearing they jiggled and swayed with each little step.  So much for
inconspicious, these hooters demanded attention.  Before I could have hidden my
little twins with a slight slouch, especially with the jacket.  But now, I
looked like a 1940's sweater girl.

As I stood there looking at them she filled in the details of my afternoon's
visits.  Three stores where I was to ask for three specific people.  Each in
turn.  I was not to speak unless spoken to.  I was not allowed to tell them
anything, as if I had any idea what I was to say.  There was to be no rough
stuff, no sex, and no payoffs.  She hinted the real fun would come later, but
first the hard part.

With that, she put my hose in one of those cute little pink VS bags and I was
sent on my way.

End of part 1.



The Mall

Part 2

The first stop was no surprise. Actually I would have been disappointed if the
dare had not involved a visit to a beauty shop. This one was just down the hall
from the VS store.  Typical for these places it featured a row of chairs down
each side of the shop with sinks, makeup counters, and dryers scattered about.
There were only a few people in the place including a very cute young lady at
the front desk.

She looked up as I entered the shop and only made it as far as the mounds trying
to escape from my sweater. She made a funny face, was she jealous? When she
looked up and saw that I was male ... well if looks could kill! It was an
uncomfortable silence.

"May I please speak with Trish" I said, trying to ignore the gawking look from
the receptionist.

"She's back in her office, one moment please." With a giggle she was off into
the back, but not before another look and my bust and scowl.

The receptionist came back with a lady I assumed was Trish. Mid thirties, slim
build, almost athletic, quite pretty. Not surprisingly she was very well dressed
and had beautiful makeup and well styled hair. She looked like she had a lot of
hair pulled up in a bun. Too bad, I like long hair, and wondered just how long
it was.

"How can I help you", she started and then she saw mounds. She gasped and then
noticing the VS bag in my hand asked, "Did Rose send you?"

"Yes, but I don't know why" was my honest reply. That started a torrent that
would take me a long time to figure out. She went on about that bitch this, and
that bitch that, and she's kidding right, and you're not serious, and you
wouldn't dare! It lasted a good minute and caught both me and the receptionist
off guard. Finally, she finished with "follow me" and we walked to the back
room. My giggling tits got a few looks as my thin lacy bra tried to hold them
in. It was a losing battle.

We entered a small back room that had a private sink, vanity, and chair. She
indicated that I was to sit and then flopped down on a small stool beside me.
After excusing the receptionist, who was obviously curious, but knew when to
leave, she started again.

"You can't be serious?" and before I could answer she added "There is no way I'm
going to lose, so why not save us both the bother and just leave now. If you
don't, well ... in an hour you won't dare show your face out there. So, how
about it, ready to call it quits?"

I was a bit taken aback. I really didn't know what she was going on about. I
just wanted to go through with the dare and get my prize. There was obviously
something else going on but it really wasn't any of by business. At least I
didn't think so.

"Rose didn't tell me anything, just to come here for 1 hour, so I'm here. Threat
or no threat I'm not leaving ... so there." I said it with my best little girl
pout, just to piss her off. Maybe I shouldn't have done that!


"Well, we'll just see" was her reply, "but I'm going to need help. Let's see
.... Janet is perfect. She's a sweet innocent, but the best with nails. Let's
call her?" Like I had a choice. Janet turned out to be the receptionist. After
arranging some cover at the front desk she came back and actually gasped and
giggled as Trish filled her in. She told Janet that I was out on a little dare
form a friend of her's and it was there job to do my hair, face, and nails so
gaudy that I wouldn't dare leave the shop looking like that. Simple job really,
just over do it.

 It turned out Janet was the nail girl and had often talked of one day just
going nuts on a client. Trish was giving her that chance. But first she wanted
help washing and styling my hair. The first order was to take off my sweater.
The poor bra just couldn't do the job. The silicon boobs and inserts had shifted
and looked awful. "We'll fix that" said Trish as Janet began to run water in the
sink.

I was kind of hoping for a long wig, the longer the better, but oh no Trish had
other ideas.  She had Janet blow and brush it out with highlights added and a
little color to get a certain look. While Janet was busy there Trish pulled the
stuff from my bra and started shaving around my nipples. The both giggled at my
reaction. Then she picked up some adhesive they use for the acrylic nails, and
just before putting it on said " Heh, I got a nasty idea, you won't like it,
sure you aren't ready to leave" I just winked at her. There was that look again.

She took the inserts and cut a little X in the center back of each. Stretching
them open she dropped a little glue in each. The she painted my nipple with the
same glue. While it  got tacky she painted the outside edge of the main silicon
breast cups. When all was ready she stretched the inserts at the X and slipped
them over my nipples. They pinched, but not too bad. I've got nipple clips at
home that are nastier than that, or so I thought.  Then she covered the inserts
with the cups and pressed them on till the glue set. "There, they'll stay put
now, and just you wait" I didn't understand the significance of that last
statement until later.

About this time Janet finished my hair to Trish's satisfaction and set to the
task that she really enjoyed. The only direction Trish gave was "Make sure they
are too long". "Too long for what?" asked Janet. "Just make sure he's helpless
when your done." Janet liked that I could tell.

As Janet set to work on my nails Trish started on makeup. With my head back I
couldn't see what Janet was doing, but I heard lots of humming a giggles from
her. Trish mean while was all business. She added very long false lashes, lots
of stuff on my face and eyes. After some time Janet asked "What color are you
going to use for lipstick?" Trish smiled as replied "How about Cock Sucker Red"
They both laughed at that. Janet countered "Then I'll use Fuck Me Fusha for her
nails" More laughs and then back to work.

The hour was almost up when Trish said "ready to look?" With that she spun the
chair around and I got a shock! What I saw was not a man. It was also not a
woman. It was a man trying very hard to look like a cheap hooker! It was the
hair that said it best. Now I understood why no wig. My own hair was a bit
short, and even done up in a very feminine style, it was still had a boyish cut.
With all the fluff, color and highlights it looked .... well sissyish. The
makeup was summed up best in one word. SLUT. She wasn't kidding about the
lipstick. High gloss, lots of it, and a painted pout that said "I like to
swallow". The eyes were painted to match and the lashes gave me a hint of little
girl cuteness. With a wig I might of been passable, but with the hair I screamed
BOY TOY SLUT.

Then I thought to look at my nails. My god they were incredible. Very long
curves with the same bright red as my lips for color with a gold fleck finish. I
was staring at them when she told me "Oh, I used lots of glue so they won't be
coming off for a while. We can get them off quick now if we hurry, but then it's
a day or two before you can even try." The nails were so long I couldn't do
anything with my hands. They were damn near useless. I was like public bondage.
They only possible use for nails like that was scratching a man's back while he
.... I was getting hard again and the girls were noticing.

"So how about it" Trish added. "You can't go out there looking like that. Call
it quits and in 20 minutes you can be on your way, no harm done." Well, it was
all a bit over the top, but I kept thinking back to that outfit and Rose's
promise for a special surprise.  "May I have my sweater, please" was my only
reply. Janet handed it too me as Trish went off on another rampage. "You can't
be serious" and "Look at you , you slut" . "No way can you be seen like that!"
She almost seemed to start to cry and I stood up to leave.  Why was she so
upset, I was the one made up. I still didn't get it.

Then it hit. Actually it wasn't an it, it was them. You see, although my now
very full breast cups were firmly attached with glue to my chest, the very heavy
inserts were only glued to my nipples. When I stood, they shifted and all the
weight was carried by my nipples. I immediately changed my mind about the clips
at home being nastier. And the flimsy lacy bra offered little support, so now as
they giggled I had a continual tugging on my nipples. I looked at Trish and saw
from her look she knew exactly what I had just felt. "Last chance" she said with
a smile.

I walked out carefully. I cursed my choice for a lacy little bra this morning.
Every step was transmitted directly to my nipples. They still swayed a lot in
there but now everything was a little firmer. The looks from the staff as I left
the shop told me Trish had obtained her goal. It was all definitely too much. It
was just too bad for her that I didn't mind looking like a slut. I was a little
disappointed about the about the hair though. That made me look like someone
trying to get caught, but I already was.

Now I had to careful that noone saw me as I made my way to my second
appointment.

Continued in part III



The Mall

Part 3

Thankfully, it was not a long walk to the shoe store. I knew exactly were it
was, I had been there many times. Not to look a shoes either. One of the girls
that works there, I think she may even be the manager, had the biggest set tits
I'd seen in a long time.  Although as I looked at the time I would have given
her some tough competition. And every time I saw her she was wearing tight
sweaters. God, what a sight. She also had a habit of wearing light bras so they
swayed and jiggled. I had continual reminders that mine were doing the same,
ouch! I'd gotten hard more than once in that store just watching her walk around
helping the other patrons. I'm sure I wasn't the only man in there for something
other than shoes.

I had to keep my head down as I passed the food court. Not too busy yet, but
later it would be. Then I slipped into the shoe store without much notice. Kind
of a funny place to send me. Rather vanilla place. Nothing wild here, just
regular street wear. This should be no drama, after all what did she have to
work with.

I did notice one neat display in the window. Slightly spiked heals , not
terrably high, but the laces. They had an interesting weave all the way up to
the knee. They seemed almost out of place in this kind of a store, but they
looked nice.

As I stood there admiring the display someone came up behind me. It was her! I
couldn't help focusing on that pair and letting out a little sigh. I guess I was
staring a bit.

"Excuse me, Can I help you"

Then she saw the VS and as I lifted my face to reply, she gasped. "Oh shit,
you're not for real are you? Tell me this is a joke. She put you up to this
didn't she?"

"No actually I'm just doing as told. I don't even know who you're talking about"
was my quick reply.

"Well, this obviously isn't your first stop, still game eh? Well, I'll fix that,
there's no way she's getting me!!" She asked one of the other girls there to
mind the store and stay out of the back room. "Follow me". Four big boobs
bounced into the back room.

"Look, let make this easy on both of us. I won't lose so let me help you off
with the makeup and no harm done oaky?"

"I'll still going through with the dare" I said a bit brazen

"Okay, you asked for it slut!"

She rummaged around a bit and came back with a pair of heels similar to the ones
I was admiring in the window. She also had a big bag filled with black laces.
"It all started when I found this. We were supposed to cut these into regular
lace lengths as some sort of a sales saving. Screw that, they sat here for
months. One slow day I was bored and started playing. I saw you looking at the
display, you like?"

"Yes ma'am"

"Well, that's just a start. I've been doing it for months. I've been practicing
on this mannequin here and have even done a little self bondage play with it.
I've gotten very good. I've tried to talk my boy friend into letting lace him up
but he's not into it. So last chance, give?"

Laced up under my clothes, that's not so bad, what the hell "Try you're best" I
smirked

I shouldn't have put it that way. She looks at me and almost as if she read my
mind she says "strip!"

When she saw the little leather thong pouch I had on under my jeans she smiled
"PERFECT!" She then took a big pair of scissors and preparing to cut my brand
new jeans into cut-offs asked again "give?"

I just shrug my shoulders and smile.

The cut was real nasty. She cut the legs into a V from the crotch to the bottom
of the pocket front and back. Not much fabric left there. She then called to one
of the other girls in the front of the store and gave her what was left of my
jeans. "Take this to Mary and have her put them in a commercial wash and hot
dry. She'll do it as a favour to me. "  Turning to me she said "work wear
laundry out back, should put a nice fray on those for us, now lets get to work I
only have one hour"

"What's in the bag" she asked.

"Hose, stay-ups. That's how this all started. Mine had a run and I went into VS
to get a replacement"

"With nails like that it's no wonder you had a run" she added.

Looking at the hose I had on she seemed pleased that in was only a small run
down on the foot. "Just like a slut to go for seams" she chuckled.

First came the shoes. Using the heavy scissors she cut off the regular ankle
strap and dumps the laces out of the bag. It was a huge pile of thin braided
leather cord. Almost like a box chain necklace but black leather and they seemed
miles long. Routing around she found a small metal ring with four of the laces
attached. She slipped the ring over the heel, the heel over my foot and then
with a look up and a wink starts lacing. Actually, it was more like a weave. As
I watched the tight weave come up one leg then the other to just below my
crotch. All the toughing and the occasional brush against her breasts had me
very excited. My little leather tng pouch was not doing a good job of hiding my
excitement. She liked that and patted the bulge a few times. The weave was very
tight and when I moved even a little bit I could feel the laces tugging and
pulling back at me.  Nasty!

Soon she had both legs covered to just below my crotch. She obviously had been
doing this a lot. She handled the very intricate weave very smoothly. Stopping
there she sayed "now it gets interesting, it won't be nice, are you sure?"

A simple nod puts her back to work. She passed several of the laces inside my
pouch not really caring what she touches. She lingered touching me there which
made me even harder. She liked that. She was playing with me. The laces went in
one side, across and around my balls and out the other. More up the back,
between my cheeks, a few flips here, some loops, double back, passed the front
again and finally all eight laces came out the top of my skimpy underwear and
she stops, stood, and grabbed two of the laces in each had and said "Now, this
is the fun part. When I lace myself I just use slight little pull and get great
results. Once I used a bigger tug and the result was wild! One a man, or even a
sissy like you I can only guess the effect, so give?" With that she wraps the
laces around her hands and made it obvious this was not going to be a gentle
pull. My blush is all the answer she needs!

When she pulled the whole weave reacted. The shoes were sucked onto my feet, the
lacing on my legs get tighter if possible and the result up top is breath
taking, literaly! It felt like someone had just kicked me between the legs. I
sucked in air as my balls were ripped apart and my ass was ripped open. The
weave on the back was spreading my cheeks so wide I can feel my ass hole open.
My balls have been pulled down and apart so that each was pulled to the limits
of my pouch making a lump on each side. She grabbed one in each hand sueezed
them a little and smiles when I winch. Moving around back she slaps my spread
cheeks and giggles. Then she pushed a little bit of the back of my leather T bar
in my gapping ass "That should be fun to walk in. I knew it would do wild things
to a man, no wonder by boyfriend won't try it." Smart boy!"

Saying nothing more she picked up the laces and works a weave up my chest to my
neck line. She enjoyed working about my breasts and stopped several times to
fondle hers and mine in comparison. She didn't know about the little secret
inside the cups, but she did enjoy my winces when she played with my jugs. She
did a beautiful job on enclosing them in the weave and I was almost thankful for
the extra support. She even added a couple of neat little knots and I had a
tight ring around each nipple.

Then she took a collar off the mannequin and I noticed it has a series of little
rings around the bottom. It's was a tight fit but not as bad as after she passed
each of the laces through the loops. She wrapped the laces around her hand again
and I knew it was coming. This time it tightened from my balls, spreads my
cheeks even farther, and now my nipples are almost poking through there little
rings like some sort of little cage. The normally flat front of the breast cups
now featured very predominant nipples like a well endowed swimmer getting out of
cool pool.

Finally, she separated the laces into two sets and worked down each arm to the
wrist. A few loops and a little snip and she used a tiny pad lock to secure the
laces around my wrist. Every time she moved my arm I felt it in my balls. She
watched as I tested the limits and chuckled when I winch a few times. ~!@Just
then a girl came in from the front caring a plastic laundry bag. She stopped
dead in her tracks when she saw me and laughed out load. She couldn't even
speak, she just left the bag on the desk and exited still laughing.

"Okay, sissy. As you now realize you can't leave the store like that, so how
about I just take these last 5 minutes and cut you free"

"May I have my jeans please" was my short reply.

With a disgusted grunt she threw me the bag. I had a hell of a time putting them
on.  What with the nails, fighting the weave and the cutoffs themselves it was
tough. The hot dryer had shrunk them. The material is cut so thin in front that
it did little more than fit between my balls and accentuate the two black orbs
now fully in view. On the back the cut just barely covered my T-backed
underwear. With all the fray blowing around it looked like something a stripper
would wear on stage in a sleazy leather bar.

"Oops, a bit to too much off !" she smirks. "Sorry about that ...... well??"
holding the sissors in an offer of repreave.

"May I have my sweater please" She threw me my top which almost covered my
bottom and began to plead as I made ready to leave.

"Oh you can't. No self respecting man would walk out there like that. Come on a
jokes a jokes. Don't do this to me I can't handle it. You have know idea what
she will do to me.  I'll do anything. Here, how about...."

Damn if she didn't get down on her knees and rubbing throbbing cock licked her
lips and offered me a blow job from heaven. I was tempted. What I didn't
understand is why she was so upset. I was the one laced up. God it was intense.
Every step causes a reaction.  I had to go through with it. Damn it was going to
be wild walking out there.

Catching me at the door she made one last ditch effort. With a huff she grabbed
the heels and screwed off the short metal spikes. Rummaging through her desk she
came up with two phallic ends and screws them on in place. Now I walking in 4"
penis heels! She also  found a couple of small elastics, sort of like tiny bungy
cords. Walking behind me I felt her clip them to the weave between my shoulders.

After clipping them in back top and bottom she said "Now reach very slowly and
try to touch yourself."

As I reached down the cords in back tighten and my balls started to pull. A
little farther and it started to get painfull. I realized I couldn't get within
6" of my pouch.~!@ She smiled and took the key to the locks on my wrists and
pulling my pouch aside tied it with a ribbon around my purple cock head. "You'll
have to find a very special friend to help you get out of this now" She was
right, I certainly wasn't able to get the key.

"It's the same on the back" Sure enough, I tried to touch my very exposed ass
and the reaction was opposite but just as painfull. There was no way to cover
that, I was open season to anyone that wanted access to my privates. Now that's
a laugh, privates. I was a showcase of slutdom. I looked like some wild cheap
stripper from a leather bar. And the shoes, the heels clicked with every step
calling attention. Yup she had me, I couldn't go out like this. I looked at the
scissors, she smiled, and as she picked them up I walk out of the store.

Behind me I heard "You bastard, you can't, No way, she can't win, I'll get you
for this" All the yelling attracted a lot of attention and other girls in the
shop literally gasp when they see me. I just couldn't understand what was with
these girls, I was the humiliated one and they were pissed off at me. What was
going on?

More to follow



The Mall

Part 4

Two steps out of the shoe store and I knew the walk to my last stop was not
going to be as uneventful as the walk here.  I had several things going against
me.  First, the mall was now quite busy and I could not avoid people by walking
along the wall.  Second, the heels she had put on my shoes were some sort of
molded chromed shiny metal.  They were in the mold of a very realistic penis
with veins, ridges and a very bulbous head.  There was a prominent little slit
and by design it was obvious I was walking on the cum hole.  The damn things
made a very audible click with every step on the marble floor and naturally
attracted a lot of attention. 

Last and certainly not least was my outfit.  I realized now that the black tight
sweater it had on was almost a mistake.  All it did was to accentuate my
maleness making the rest of me look totally ridiculous.  The heels, the bondage
lacing that went to my wrists, the little brass locks their making the story
complete.  And my nipples were sticking up through the top like some little
prepubescent school girl playing in cold water.  The sign said boy toy slut, and
it was a big neon sign!

Damn, and it was a long walk too.  I had to go past Victoria's Secret and up
another wing of the mall.  I knew the place.  I went in there once with my wife
to buy a party dress.  It was one of those upscale designer shops with too
expensive clothes and their own line of everything. They had perfumes,  jewelry,
underwear, the works.  The only thing I remembered about the place was the woman
that was working there.  She was obviously the manager, real stern face, bossy
type.  The other girls all worked for her and everyone knew it.  She wore the
pants in that business, and what pants.  They had to be sprayed on.  There were
no panty lines under there.  You could see everything.  I've often wondered
since how she sat in those things.  As if I could do any better in the outfit I
was wearing.

I was putting on quite a show.  People stopped and stared, pointed and giggled. 
The loudest giggles were after I passed by and they saw my spread cheeks and
thin little G- string shorts peaking out from under my top.  The blush was
permanent now, but that didn't hide the slut make up I'm sure.

Finally, I got there.  There was no discrete entry this time.  The click, click
of my heels on the tile floor heralded my arrival and the dragon queen
immediately swooped down on me.  "What the fuck are you supposed to be?" Yup,
she was a direct one.  I don't talk like that in a bar.  What a bitch.  And
those pants, god how tight, you could tell she shaved down there it was that
tight.  Nice butt, like to have that some day, yeah right.  The other girls were
doing their best to make themselves invisible.  "Get in the back room and be
quick about it"

When she entered the store room, I was standing at attention, not that I could
do much else.  She walked around me humming and mumbling.  "So they did their
best and still you are going through with it. Well, I can't let the little
lezzie win.  Hmm, obviously the appearance thing isn't going to do it.  I bet
that lacing is a bit uncomfortable eh?"

Her look demanded an answer. "Well, only when I breathe or move any part of my
body"  She slapped my butt hard.  They heard that outside.  "When you speak, do
so with respect and only in direct response to a question"  No more smart Alec
talk here, she wasn't kidding.

Looking at me, she took note of the shoes, particularly the heels.  An idea, I
could tell.  She looks me in the eye and said "It's all in how you accessorize,
you've got to complete the look, accessories make the girl, or whatever you are
supposed to be.  In your case we need something a bit daring.  Oh and yes,
something that will be nasty even when you stand still and hold your breath.  Be
right back, he he"

Coming back into the room which a glass display case she said "Now we only have
an hour so here how it goes.  If at any time, you've had enough just say UNCLE. 
Everything else will be ignored and I'll enjoy every squeal.  I'll just keep
going until you say UNCLE .... and you will say UNCLE" she clucked

She selected a big chunky pair or ear rings from the case.  They looked like
little candelabra.  They were silly looking really, too big and gaudy, just like
these places.  With a pair of scissors from her desk she clipped off two of the
candles at their base and two more just below the candle top.  The
transformation was magic.  I blushed again.  The earrings now featured a large
candle in the center now with only two candle holders one on each side.  She
held it to my own exposed crotch "perfect, only mine's bigger than yours"  She
was right, proportionately that was a huge cock, and the way the candle holders
sat off to the side was just like my own well-separated balls.

With a smile she took a bottle of purple nail polish and painted the end of the
candle on each earring.  Oh shit, no suggestiveness now.  Those were two big
purple headed erect cocks to adorn my ears.

 "And now the fun part." She said. "There are two ways to pierce ears, the new
way, quick, relatively painless, and well boring.  For you we have these"  With
that she showed me a pair of little gold clamps.  Sort of like and spike and
anvil.  "They are meant to be used over several days, not very pleasant, no one
uses them anymore, except me.  I've insisted all my staff understand the pains a
woman has to go though for fashion.  I particularly enjoy the teen girls, they
squirm and squeal each time I tighten the screw."  Now for you we'll speed up
the process over the next hour.  Ready to give?"

I thought about it but teenage girls, well if they can take it so could I.  What
difference could a few days versus an hour make?  This was a real pain bitch.  I
smiled and turned my head to present my ear to her.  "Good she said, I was
hoping for at least a little fun"  SHIT that hurt.  Not a little nip no, she dug
that screw in and I'm sure drew blood.  She saw my pain and chuckled.   "Other
ear please"  I turned and the sensation was repeated.  Every couple of minutes
she reached over and tightened the screws, and as I winched she looked at me
with a look that said "Say UNCLE"  Bitch, I had no intention of giving her the
satisfaction. 

She stood back and admired her work.  "Perfect, now to complete the look." She
told me to remove the sweater and with some trepidation I did so.   I was very
careful to not ruin my hair job.  Rose had to see the silly boyish look before I
claimed my prize.   With my sweater off the full extent of the lacing was
visible. 

I could tell the bitch was taken aback.  It was the first time in a long time
she had been speechless I bet.  "My god" she exclaimed as she fingered the
laces.  "Who on earth did this work, it's beautiful.  And these" she said
fingering my leather clad tightly wrapped balls "These must hurt like hell.  Oh
yeah, only when you breathe!"  With that she gave my still hard cock a squeeze
and reached to tighten the clips on my ears again.  Stopping as she reached up,
she said  "No wait, I have an idea .... Jenny come here."

In response to that in walks this sweet little teenager.  Tight sweater, short
skirt, little platform heels.  She's maybe a senior in high school or first year
college.  Her eyes damn near watered as she looked at the bondage slut standing
before her.  She spent a whole minute looking me up and down and stopped to
blush as she saw my very obvious bound and displayed genitals.  She noticed the
clips on my ears and seemed to know their significance.  I had the felling she
had been through this before.  Maybe on her own body.

The bitch spoke up.  "You said you wanted to get me back some day girl, how
would  you like to use our little whipping boy here."  With a sweet smile she
looked at the floor and nods.  "Good, first tighten his screw one complete turn,
not the 1/4 turn I used on you, you remember how don't you"  She literally
gasped and I could feel the heat from her blush.  The dragon lady had some fun
with this one I bet.  I couldn't hold back and squealed and squirmed when Jenny
did each ear.  I looked again at the sweet little girl and saw a wicked grin. 
She had her legs spread in a defiant stance and it was a whole new look.  A
bitch in training.  And the dragon lady was pleased, and I could see a look of
approval.

Jenny stood there looking at me for a moment and then spoke for the first time
since entering the room.  "He can't leave wearing that sweater can he?"  Not
waiting for an answer, she spun on her heel and left the room.  I swear she
accentuated the wiggle in that cute little butt of hers just to bother me, and
it did.  She came back in a minute carrying a few items of clothing from the
store.

The dragon lady just sat back and smiled as her protege held first one item up
to me and then another, each commented with little quips like "not bold enough",
"too simple", "too plain", etc.  Finally she held a light-blue top that was
actually part of a cover up set for a matching bikini.  Cover up was an
exaggeration.  It was in a light gauze and had short little puffy sleeves and
only came down just below the bust.  The two sides came together in a deep V and
it tied together in the front with a simple knot.  With a giggle she took it off
the hanger and tied it around me.

Looking in a mirror across the room, I was mortified.  The top only served to
accentuate my huge breasts and the tight lacing that held them and my whole body
captive.  I cursed the thin lacy bra again as it just made a more effeminate
picture.  All except for my crotch and silly hair do that is.

While I stood there staring, the dragon queen came up behind me and let me watch
as she slowly tightened the screws in my ears and the booth suggested I say
"UNCLE" as each ear was completed.  I squealed and swore but I held true and I
have the pierced ears to prove it!  They each put in an earring and I thought
the picture was complete.  And what a picture!  Pure, unadulterated, boy toy
slut.  Totally feminized, but with enough of the male showing and a few gaudy
accessories to ensure no one was fooled.  They both were so sure I would walk
out of the store like that.  But they didn't know how much I liked that maid
outfit.

When I went to leave, they both jumped.  "Oh shit, you wouldn't dare.  You
can't.  She can't win.  Hold it one last touch." With that Jenny actually
blushed as she went to a locker in back and took out her purse.  Reaching in she
took out a necklace with a large medallion.  She took of the medallion and
walking up to me turned to her boss and said "I have to wear this when my
boyfriend picks me up, but this is an emergency, he'll understand."  With that
she pinned the medallion to the front of the leather choker around my neck.

The dragon lady came over and looked at it closely and said "I always wondered
about you and him, now I know" Jenny was blushing more that I had all day.  This
had to be very embarrassing for her.  I wondered why.  I didn't have to wonder
long as the bitch held up a hand mirror for me to look.  The medallion was
actually a large cameo.  It was either ivory or a good look alike.  On it in
black ebony was a silhouette of a very buxom girl on her knees.  Her hands were
pulled back to her ankles in a sort of kneeling hogtie which only served to
accentuate her large boobs.  Her hair was brushed back to expose her face.  She
was kneeling before a very well endowed man and her mouth was stuffed with a
very large cock.  I gasped as I realized this was a cock sucker's badge of
honor.  No wonder Jenny was blushing.  But now I was wearing it.  And something
that big was going to be noticed.

Now for the first time I considered losing the maid outfit.  I might have given
in, except the dragon lady was so sure of herself she grabbed the scissors made
like she was going to cut the laces on my back.  Before she could take a step,
and before I could think about the consequences, I strode out of the back room
and through the shop out into the mall.  Behind me I could hear the commotion
and screams as the dragon lady lost it and her staff was near dying in laughter.

Next .... back to where it all started.



The Mall

Part 5

       The walk to Victoria's Secret was short but extremely humiliating. 
Frankly, I was worried about being caught by mall security.  After all, every
level of decency was being surpassed here.  With every click of my heels I was
announcing to the world, most of which were watching; here goes a boy toy slut
ready for action, right here, right now, give it to me.  I want it, I need it,
and make it hurt.  I was going to get thrown out of the mall, I just new it.

     Safe, if there is such a word in this outfit.  Inside the Victoria's Secret
I got immediate attention.  "Oh Rose is going to love this!  She's won and I
just wish I could be there for the payoff!  Well, she's out right now, you can
wait in the back room.  She just had a few errands to run, shouldn't be long, he
he"  Those last words 'shouldn't be long' were accentuated as she stared at my
hard throbbing all too exposed member.  Blushing again I walked to and waited in
the back room.

     A few minutes later Rose walked in.  Taken aback, she stared, whistled, and
began smiling from ear to ear.  "Boy, did they ever do a number on you!  But you
stuck through it, you had to or you wouldn't be here.  Guess I had you pegged
right from the start.  So tell me everything, every detail, don't leave out
anything. Here, sit here, if you can".

     I managed to sit and begin telling  her the whole story.  She stoped me a
few times to ask some questions.  "Did Nancy really offer you a blow job?  That
wasn't allowed, great that's a good one!" and "What did Jenny say, she wanted to
get even, oh boy I can use that!"  It took quite a while but I finished and said
"Now if I can get my outfit, I'd like to leave and get changed.  Guess I have to
buy some new jeans first"

"Not so quick, I've got plans, and besides you don't want to miss the best part! 
So let me explain.  As Trish so eloquently put it I am gay.  I like playing with
a few boy toys but bottom line I prefer women.  The more the better.  I have
lunch with these girls almost every day and they often chose to put down my life
style.  I've made passes at each of them alone, but they just aren't interested. 
I play pretty serious and until now I thought that was what was scaring them
away.  I've always wanted to play with Nancy's boobs, she knows it and often
teases me with those damn tight sweaters and no bra.  I've got her now.  And
Trish wouldn't you just love to swat that butt, what a bitch! Now I find out
Nancy is into self bondage, Trish is a pain bitch, and Janet likes to play too"

     "Well, we had this bet.  None of them believed guys like you existed.  They
had their macho boy friends and they just couldn't believe that guys like you
came into my store to buy stuff for yourselves.  Well, we know, hell it's
probably 30% of my business.  The special ones like you, even tell us in so many
ways, hoping to get caught.  Well you did, I used you, and I won.  Each of the
girls had one hour to try and push you too far.  No sex was allowed (Nancy is in
trouble) and no pain was allowed (Trish is going to get it) They tried, oh I can
see they really tried, but you must be the slut I figured you for.  So now I get
1 hour with each of them.  All together, one place, one time, and I can do
anything I want.  More importantly they have to do everything I tell them to for
the whole evening.  Now their scared, as well they should be"

     "Oh I want you to be there.  I'll need a maid to help me with a few of the
games.  So here's the deal.  I took the outfit somewhere for you.  A limo will
pick you up shortly and take you there.  Do exactly as you are told and we'll
both have a lot of fun."  Rubbing my balls and then pinching the head of my cock
she adds "some more than others"

     The limo driver showed up and it was obvious that he was in the whole deal. 
He led me out back to the car and told me to sit in the middle of the back seat. 
He then pulled the shoulder seatbelt from the corner seat and pull my foot
through it.  When he noticed the heels he stopped to chuckle.  Repeated the
process on the other side he had my legs spread wide.  He then had me loop each
hand through the top part of each belt warning me not to release myself.  Very
simple, but very effective.  I was spread-eagle in the back of the limo and as
he drove away he lowered both windows in back.  Now it is common knowledge that
people like to look into limos as they drive by trying to see who's inside. 
This time they got an eye full.  I saw open laughter, heard a lot of horns
honking and more than a few fingers.  It's amazing how many people can yell slut
into a passing car.

     When we pulled into a large casino complex downtown he again warned me not
to move as pulled up to the outside bell desk.  Damn, I muttered as I saw a nice
young lady coming to open the door.  She gasped, almost choking and stared
directly at my crotch.  With a nod from the driver, I slipped my hands out of
the belt making it very obvious that I must have put myself in there and chose
to sit like that making it all that much more humiliating.  The limo driver
handed me a key and said "Room 1245"

     The walk through the lobby was awful.  Click, click, click.  I was really
starting to hate marble floors.  And this one is shiny which really accentuates
my heels, as if most people's eyes got that far down.  Quickly I slipped into
the nearest elevator and rode up to the 12th floor.  The key fit and for a
moment I felt safe.  I looked around and at first saw nothing unusual.  I then
opened the door to the walk in closet looking for the maid outfit and there' was
a chair facing the door with a tape recorder and a note on it.  The note said
READ ME NOW

     Unfolding the note I read; YOU MAY NOT SPEAK, YOU MAY NOT MAKE A SOUND. 
TURN THE RECORDER ON, NOW!  I HAVE A TIME STAMP ON IT SO BE QUICK.  BE SURE TO
BRING THE TAPE WITH YOU THIS EVENING AND YOUR VOICE BETTER NOT BE ON IT.  PLEASE
NOTE THE ANKLE CUFFS ON THE LEGS OF THE CHAIR  ATTACHED TO THEM ARE WRIST CUFFS. 
ASSUME THE POSITION AND WAIT.  NOW

     I figured I better play along, so I turned on the recorder and promised
myself not to make a sound.  Looking at the cuffs on the chair it was easy
enough to figure out what "the position" was.  It took a bit of doing.  Putting
the ankle cuffs on is easy except attached to the chair legs they forced my legs
wide apart and I have to kneel with my back to the chair.  That put some tension
in the whole lace thing and spread my ass cheeks even wider.  Thankfully, the
wrist cuffs had release clips allowing me to attach each to a wrist and then
back onto each ankle.  But once I clipped them back to the ankle cuffs I was
stuck.  No getting out, a perfect kneeling hog tie.  Damn, now what.

     I heard a noise at the door and then "Room service".  Shit he's bound to
see me.

     "Hello, hello, excuse me a got a note to bring up this bottle of wine and
two glasses."  I could hear him moving around the outer room and then "
Actually, I'm a bit confused the note says to make sure I have a bit of spare
time so I took a break.  Kind funny too, this is my favorite wine, and I have a
letter here I'm supposed to open after I'm in the room.  Hello, HELLO...holy
shit!"  That's when he saw me, he damn near dropped the tray, his jaw fell open,
he began to stutter, the whole bit.  Oh and one more thing.  You see I was
looking directly at his crotch because of my kneeled position and I saw a growth
that was immediate and substantial.  He liked what he saw, too much.  And I
couldn't make a sound, just kneel there and plead with my eyes.

     "Jesus H Christ, look at you.  It's Rose isn't it.  I met her a few weeks
ago and we got to talking.  Tried to pick her up but, well you probably already
know.  We got to talking and I told her all the weird things I see in this
hotel.  Johns with their hookers playing bondage games.  The hookers like to
order room service so I can deliver and catch the guy tied up.  The hookers just
don't understand how horny that makes me.  Oh no, it's all for them and their
Johns, I get nothing.  And then there's the excited guys with their young bride
or girls friend tied spread eagle to the bed and ordering in champagne.  God
that get me stiff.  One guy even left me a tip tucked into his wife's g-sting. 
She blushed from ear to ear when I copped a feel.  And then there's the bitches,
yak, yak yak complain about this complain about that.  I told Rose I was hoping
to find some day a perfect quest tied up and gagged by some special gag that
would allow me a good blow job" 

     Stopping his banter, he remembered the envelope in his hand and open it. 
Reading aloud he said "THE SLUT CAN'T SPEAK.  HE CAN'T MAKE A SOUND, CALL IT A
VIRTUAL GAG.  HAVE A GLASS OF WINE, ENJOY YOUR BREAK.  PLEASE RELEASE HIM WHEN
YOU ARE SATISFIED. OH AND BE GENTLE WITH THAT THING OF YOURS, I DON'T THINK HE'S
BROKEN IN YET.

     He putt the envelope down and made a show of opening the wine.  After
pouring a glass for himself he walked back to me a stared down at me and my
costume.  I saw when he noticed the cameo on my neck.  I couldn't help but
notice that his bulge got even bigger and when I looked up to plead with my eyes
I saw a huge grin.

     Without a work he opened his fly and out flopped a very large cock, well on
its way to full extension.  He stood for a moment over me and then suddenly
mumbled "Hold it, why shouldn't really enjoy this".  With that he sat on the bed
and removed his shoes, trousers, shorts and shirt.  Now a totally nude man with
an large hard cock stood and approached me.  He didn't say a word, he didn't
need to.  The whole day had been directed towards this moment.  He just stood
there sipping his wine and smiled down at me.  I knew what I had to do and I did
the best I could by copying all those sweet young girls I had in the back seat
of my car si many years ago.

     It was a much larger cock than my own and it filled my mouth.  I really
couldn't get the whole thing in, but I tried and he obviously liked that.  I
stole a glance and saw my reflection in the mirror lining the close wall.  On my
knees, arms pulled behind my back and a large cock stuffed in my mount.  Oh
Christ, the exact scene on the cameo.  I almost lost my own load at that sight,
he did.

     I had always wondered what it tasted like.  I'd cum in more than one girl's
mouth over the years and lately I'd had a perverse desire to know what it was
like.  Well, I found out, and in a big way!  He just kept cumming and cumming! 
I got a belly full and more.  This guy really enjoyed it and lingered in my
mouth as his cock finally relaxed and the last dribbles came out onto my waiting
tongue.  Pulling out he said "lick it clean and the balls"  I did as ordered and
he seemed to enjoy that too.

     Turning away from me he continued to enjoy the wine as he got dressed. 
Just before leaving the room he released one clip on my right cuff and said into
the recorder "Thanks Rose, I owe you one.  Hell, he's such a good cock sucker I
owe you two.  But next time make it a real girl, I like tits to play with just
like you"  Chuckling he walked out and I can finally able to release myself.  I
tried to wash the taste away with the wine, but I could still taste it.  The
wine was good stuff, but with the taste in my mouth I couldn't tell.  I just sat
there on the edge of the bed thinking about what had just happened.  I couldn't
believe what I had just done.  I figured enough was enough and reached over to
turn off the recorder.  That done, I lay back to take a breath.  Not long after
that the phone rang .....

Damn her, when does this end.




The Mall

Part 6

  It had been quite a day and I had a pretty strong suspicion it wasn't over 
yet.  I barely knew Rose, but I   knew enough to guess that really enjoyed the
game, and I was the game.  As  was lying there thinking about   this when the
phone rang.

  "Hello" I answered.

  A female voice replied "Hello, sir this is Monique from the salon  downstairs. 
This is a reminder that your   wife has appointment at 3:00".

  "My wife, that's not possible" I answered.

  "Oh but yes, it is written here; Room 1245, 3:00 for a make-up repair and 
fitting for a costume.  Actually,   that's why I called.  As the manager of the
salon I'm sure you'll  understand my concern.  I've looked at the   outfit, and
well, it's much too, well how can I say, exposing for public.   This is sort of
costume is meant   more for home activities, if you know what I mean.  I'm sure
she can't be  expected your wife to wear this in   public.  Especially since she
would have to walk through the hotel lobby  ...."

  "Excuse me, excuse me " I said, but she didn't hear and just kept blabbing

  "and what a funny appointment.  What is meant by makeup repair?  Repair, 
repair what, I just don't   understand.  And then there's the matter of the
deposit made for the  appointment.  The amount is far more   than usual.  I
realize we are very exclusive and pride ourselves in giving  that little
something extra to make   a woman fell special, but this is almost excessive. 
We'll just refund the  difference when your wife is finished."

  When she finally stopped talking I told her "But you don't understand.  I 
don't think the appointment was   made for my wife ... it was meant for ....
me".

  I heard a gasp and could sense the shock over the phone.  This woman was  not
in on it.  She was just a   regular working person being used to humiliate me,
and she had my outfit.   The maid outfit that had started   this all was with
someone who had no idea what was going on.  Maybe I  could just talk her out of
it and all   would be done.

  I hesitated only a little and then tried "Ma'am, I'm very sorry for the 
inconvenience, how about I just pick   up the costume and we'll consider the
matter closed.  No need to embarrass  either one of any more than we   already
are.  This is just a practical joke that has gone too far.  I'm  sure you
understand."

  After a moment she replied "Joke, huh.  So that's why so much money.  You 
realize this is a very exclusive   salon and we get many special customers here. 
We don't have time for  these games.  This is a busy time as   some REAL ladies
prepare for a special evening out.  But, ......then  again, this is a lot of
money, and I could   do you myself and pocket it all.  I've never done anything
like this  before, but ......... what the hell, get your   sissy ass down here
NOW and bring a robe so you leave here with some  decency."

  Shit, Rose had done it again, and this time with a non-player.  This was  to
be the ultimate in humiliation.   She had set me up to expose myself publically
to someone whose not "in on  it".  Damn her!  I walked to the   hall closet to
get a bath rode, the full robes you usually find in  expensive hotel rooms.  All
I found  was   several empty hangers and a note that said "NO FAIR, GO AS YOU
ARE"  Oh  double shit!  If that   Monique girl thought the maid outfit was bad
sitting on a hanger I knew  she would not be ready for what I   was wearing.

  The lobby was bad enough.  There the obvious reaction was to a sleazy  hooker
on her way out after doing a   John in his room.  The reaction when I walked
into the salon went way  beyond that.  All talking ended,   every one just
stared and you could hear a pin drop as I squeaked "Monique  is expecting me".

  Monique had the best reaction of all.  She damn near lost it.  She was 
obviously upset that such trash had   entered her salon and she made sure
everyone there knew of her contempt.   She led me out back as if to   leave by a
back door, but then slipped me into a private room at the back  of the shop.

  "My god man have you no decency at all?  How can you allow yourself to be 
seen in public like that?  I   mean I can understand the shoes, and it goes
without saying that the  jewelry is appropriate, but your   lipstick, how could
you be seen looking like that." she whispered to me

  Now it was my turn to be taken aback.  Here I was, a man showing all parts  of
me male, dressed as a total   slut and she was worried about my lipstick!  I
looked in the mirror and  see what she meant.  The beautiful   makeup job that
Janet had done that morning had been totally smeared by  ... well, he was big.

  "Now I understand about repair." She continued "Here sit, now!  Now tell  me
how the hell did you do this   to yourself.  I can tell that it was probably
lovely before, but how come  you were so careless."  It was then   that she
noticed the cameo on my collar. "Oh, I see, you've been busy.   Anyone I know?"

  I ignored the question and after a bit she stopped mid-stroke, picked up a 
hair brush from the desk and   swatted me directly on my balls with the
bristles.  Through my own gasp I  heard her repeat "I asked a   question, anyone
I know?  Does he work here at the hotel?"

  "Yes ma'am" was my shaky reply.  Her look told me she wanted more, and she 
still hadn't put the brush   down.  "He works in room service.  I was set up, I
didn't have a chance."

  "Oh, I bet I know who.  Horny Jose, eh.  Him and his stories  what he sees 
upstairs, looks like he finally got   lucky.  You little slut, I hope he fucked
you good.  I've been trying to  get him for months.  Now lets fix up   these
cock sucker's lips."

  With that she did a job on my makeup that can only be described as total 
whore.  When she'd finished my   full lips were painted in the biggest, reddest,
brightest, put it in here,  pout that would get any hooker double   her normal
fee.  "Now this costume" she added.

  She turned and from behind the door pulled the  maid outfit that started  the
whole thing.  I couldn't help but   sigh.  It was just such a incredibly sexy
number and, well almost worth  it.  Monique interrupted my   thoughts with "Now
strip!"

  Still in a dreamy state I took off my top and exposed my oversized  falsies. 
Smiling she helped me remove   the bra but the leather webbing held my boobs in
place.  Monique was  intrigued by the elastics in the back   of the webbing and
asked about them.  I explained that they prevented me  from reaching my belt
line.   Standing behind me she chuckled as she reached around and undid the snap 
of my cutoffs and peeled them   down.  She then walked around front and stood
admiring the pouch of my  leather thongs.  I know she could   see the separated
orbs of my bound balls.  As I blushed she surprised me  by saying "That thing
will ruin the   look of the sheer panties, we'll have to take it off"

  "I can't ma'am"  Motioning the to straps on my back.

  "Oh I see, how ingenious.  I've got to meet the one who did this"  With  that
the grabbed my thong and   pulled it off.  My totally bound cock popped out and
my balls finally got  some relief.  "Oh my, I like that,   bet it's just a bit
uncomfortable."  She enjoyed stroking me a bit and the  obvious discomfort the
swelling of   my already tender cock got from further straining the tight lace
cage.  "And the key is for ... looking at my   wrists she smiles " And you can't
reach it, oh poor dear"  Her touches  continued to excite me and she   enjoyed
tormenting me for a few moments.

  "We've got to hurry, your limo driver called a while ago and he'll be here 
shortly to collect you.  Seems you   are to be a working maid tonight, he he.  I
do wish I could see that.  I  have a feeling that you're going to be   getting
and or giving some heavy action."  That last statement was  directed at my cock
not me. That's when   I finally realized that she'd known all along.  At least
for quite a  while.  She was just enjoying herself and   all at my expense.

  Giving a snicker for my benefit Monique turned and pulled the maid outfit 
from behind the door.  I'd   almost forgot how sexy and revealing it was.  My
sigh of desire turned to  a little squeal as my cock grew   inside the confines
of the leather lace cage and pinched me back to  reality.  Kneeling before me
she held the   panties as I stepped into the leg holes.  She commented on the
phallic  heels noting how appropriate they   were for the outfit.  As she pulled
the panties up and over my raging  hard-on the narrow T-back slipped into   the
crack of my ass.  The smooth material felt good against my skin and  again my
member swelled against   the pressure of its lace cage.  The see though material
almost seemed to  enhance the look of the black   leather making it even more
obvious.

  Next Monique held the body of the outfit up and helped me slip it over my 
head.  Being careful not to mess   my hair or makeup the pulled the various
parts to line up with my enhanced  body as best she could.  My   breasts filled
most of the large hole in front and the white lace fringe  around the opening
again amplified   the black leather network that held them in bondage.  The
bottom of the  dress was much too short and   barely covered my bound cock and
balls.  I know my near naked ass cheeks  with their network of tight   black
leather lacing and thin strip of white lace from the panties was  fully visible
from behind.  The wide   black strip at the top of the back seamed thigh highs
almost seemed to be  a part of the leather lacing as a   sort of thigh cuffs
adding to my apparent bondage.

  Standing behind me as she watched me in the mirror we both were facing she 
started to buckle the straps on   the back of the bodice.  She then had me take
a deep breath and push it  all out in a massive exhale.  As I did   so she
pulled the buckles a couple more links and now the outfit was extra  tight,
almost like a corset.  That   had the added effect of pushing my already large
boobs up and out forcing  them against the constriction of   the leather lacing
and the frame of the hole in the front of the outfit.   The result was
incredible!  They   looked huge, and the pressure tugged at the internal forms
that were  cemented to my nipples.  I barely   noticed the new pain center as I
marveled at the hussy in the mirror.   Nothing but pure slut.  The outfit,  
makeup, shoes and accessories all combined to make a perfect picture of a 
leather bound, sissy, boy toy,   sex slave.

  Before I could say a word Monique slapped my exposed butt and sent me out  of
the room.  As I strutted   into the front room I was met with gasps, squeals,
and applause.  Monique  even took a bow as the staff and   a few patrons flocked
around me to stare.  More than one hand caressed or  slapped my butt and I even
felt a   long finger nail scratch across my balls and cock.  What could I do?  I 
couldn't even reach down to cover or   protect myself, Nancy's magic with the
lacing ensured that.   Unfortunately, the groups around me didn't   know that so
they assumed I wanted more.  I had to squeal when a long  finger nail pushed the
panty back   aside and tickled my putt hole.  Thankfully, just then the Limo
driver  appeared at the door and interrupted   the feeling session.

  "I should have known" he quipped, and continued "Cum-on slut you've got  work
to do.  Wait a second, let   have some fun." Turning to Monique he asked "Would
you happen to know the  name of the young lady   working curb side today?"

  "It could have been one of many" and questioned  "Can yo give me a hint".  
The driver thought for a   moment and added "She was fairly young, very cute,
and had big ..." he  held his hand over his chest to   indicate large breasts. 
Monique smiled knowingly and replied "That could  only be Lori.  She's a local  
college girl, real cute but maybe a bit simple.  Not real worldly if you  know
what I mean."

  The drive grinned "Perfect, call her and have her wait by the service 
elevator outside.  Tell her a special   client requires some assistance" I knew
this meant trouble, Monique and  the driver were smiling far too   much to be
healthy for me.  As Monique went to the phone the driver turned  to me and said
"Walk down   the hall to the service elevator and take it down to the ground
floor.   I'll come around in the car.  Don't   speak until I get there, and then
ask her to help you with the belts.  I'm  sure she'll remember from your  
arrival."  With a snicker he added "Be sure to tell her this is for her 
trouble" With that he dug a ten dollar   bill out of his pocket and pulled down
my panties. He folded the bill and  with a little trouble slipped in   behind
the leather straps down my cock and between my balls.  It was very 
uncomfortable but he didn't   care.  "She'll have to work at it to get it, but
those college girls will  do anything for a ten spot.  Now get   going and watch
your ass, everyone else will be"

  I t was a weird feeling as I walked down the long hall to the elevator.   The
high heels kept me from going   too fast and even at a quick walk my boobs were
jumping and swaying  threatening to burst out of my top   with every step.  I
was scared stiff, literally, knowing that if the wrong  people saw me I'd be
thrown out at   the very least, and maybe even arrested for indecent exposure. 
Every so  often I'd catch my reflection in a   window or glass doorway.  What a
show!  And there was the quandary, for  here I was indecently exposed,   walking
down the hall and getting more excited with every step and jiggle.    I was
dressed to kill, or more   realistically, get laid, made up to shame, and openly
in bondage.  What  more could a guy, I mean girl, er, oh   well, you know mean,
want. I made it to the end of the hall without being  caught (damn).  I took the
service   elevator down to the ground floor not really knowing what I was to do 
there.

  On the way down I noticed the elevator had two doors, one of which was 
labeled outside.  Guessing this to   be my best escape I went that way and was
found a large roll-up delivery  entrance and a small door beside.   As I
approached the door it opened from the outside and a feminine voice  called in
"Come this way, we'll   wait here.  Your driver is on the way."  As I stepped
through the door I  immediately recognized the young   lady who had helped me
out of the limo a few hours ago.  As I was looking  around to see if we had  
company she was looking me over.  "Wholly shit!" she exclaimed. "What are  you
supposed to be.  I mean I   know what, but who, I mean ...  wholly shit" She was
obviously very  flustered and while she stammered I   just stood quite as
ordered.  After the driver's comments upstairs I  couldn't help but take a good
look at her   boobs.  They were only partly obscured by here uniform jacket, but
even so  I could see then they were   rather large.  As I watched the nipples
got quite hard, she was getting  excited.

  As we stood there checking each other out I heard here whisper to herself  "I
never would have believed it,   here of all places.  What a dream, perfect
outfit, I want those shoes!"   There were other things I lost in the   street
noises but I could tell she was admiring my outfit.  This was not  what I
expected.  Monique and the   others upstairs obviously had this girl pegged
wrong.  She was no country  bumpkin.  This girl was quite a   bit more hip then
they were giving her credit for.  Just then I noticed  the limo approaching and,
as   instructed my first and only words to the girl were "Would you please help 
me with the seat belts."  She   flashed a big grin as she caught the
significance of  the plurality of the  word belts.

  When the limo stopped she opened the door for me and I bent over and moved  to
the middle of the back   seat.  I heard her giggle as she got a good look and my
bare leather bound  ass cheeks.  I could even feel the   lacing doing its job of
spreading the cheeks apart as I had to lift my  high heel and take a big step up
into the   vehicle.  I can only guess just how much of me she saw, but that
didn't  matter as I knew what was about to   happen.

  She must have figured it would be easier to "help" me if she got in the 
vehicle too.  As I sat in the middle of   the back seat she knelt on the floor
immediately in front of me.  Reaching  over she pulled a belt from the   side of
the seat and very gently with a soft caress held my right shoe and  pulled it to
meet the belt.  Looking   directly into my eyes she whispered " You lucky son of
a bitch, do you  have any idea how much I'd give to   be in your shoes ...."
Again she caresses the shoe tracing her finger down  the heel to the chromed
cock head   at the end and added "literally".   Then she took my right hand and 
pulling it to the side.  She reached into   her jacket pocket and removed a wire
tie strip the valets use to tag  suitcases.  She ran the tie through the   lock
on the leather cuff at my sleeve and twisted it around the knob on  the back of
the seatbelt that prevents   it from being pulled too far out of the seat
pocket.  This done, I  realized than unlike my trip here, I would   not be able
to release myself when I arrived where-ever.  Also, because of  the way the
seatbelt was   harnessed, if I pulled down on my arms it caused my leg to be
pulled out  further.  When I lowered my leg it   pulled my arm out and back
more.  That was not very comfortable, even with  one leg spread out.

  As she reached for the left heel again she looked into my eyes and  whispered
"I'm so envious I could just   .." This time she was not so gentle as she puled
my heel to reach waiting  seatbelt.  As my legs were spread   apart the leather
web around my balls did its job and my eyes must have  bulged as I squealed. 
That   directed her attention to my crotch and the treasure lurking there.  
Without missing a beat she watched as   my balls were pulled apart as she
continued to pull the heel to the side.  Giggling loudly she pulled my left  
hand up and attached it the seatbelt.  Only then did she sit back to  admire the
view.

  The driver had been watching all the action and called back.  "The tip's  for
you, and the money too" I saw   her lick her lips as she stared directly at my
bound cock and replied  "that's the kind of tip I like" With that   she pulled
the front of my lacy panties down and none too carefully worked  to remove the
ten dollar bill.   That just caused my cock to get harder and I even feel the
pre-cum oozing  out of the end.  The head itself   was so hard and shiny it
looked like glass.  When she got the bill free  she pocketed it and smiling up
at me   stuck out her tongue and licked the pre-cum from the tip of my cock.  If 
it was not for the leather pulling at   my balls and wrapped around the base of
my cock I would have lost it right  then.  The best I could close my   eyes and
moan as she continued to lick the head and gently nibble with her  teeth. 
Reflexes caused me to   pull down on my arms which puled my legs farther apart,
stretching my  balls further as she continued to   lick, suck and chew on the
head of my cock.  Finally it was too much, I  felt it in my toes, through my gut  
building to a huge crescendo my balls started to pucker and .... she quit.   
The little cock sucking bitch just   stopped and sat back to watch me come
crashing to the ground.  My whole  body was quivering as she   smiled sweetly
and said "Be sure to call me.  We can do lunch, discuss  fashion, have a few
laughs" I   couldn't believe it!  I replied " Oh please, don't leave me like
this."  I  could feel my balls still puckered, my   cock quivering just short of
release. "Please, please, you wouldn't dare!"    With a wink she replied "I
guess   you'll just have to punish me next time we meet" With that she turned
and  got out of the vehicle and closed   the door.  She even had the nerve to
blow me a kiss through the window as  we drove away.

  The driver was howling.  He was barely able to speak as he said "Now that  was
worth ten bucks!  I almost   feel sorry for you slut.  Now sit back and try to
relax ha ha..  Oh and  enjoy the view " he said as he lowered   the back windows
exposing me to the outside world.  Again the journey was  punctuated with
laughter,   insults, and gasps of shock as pedestrians and motorists caught
glimpses  of me in the massing limo.  All I   could do was try to calm my aching
cock and wonder where we were going.




The Mall

Part 7

We didn't drive very far.  It didn't really matter anyway, as I couldn't have
gotten out, even if I had wanted to, and I didn't know the town well enough to
figure out where we were.  The driver continued to chuckle as he glanced into
the mirror and noted my discomfort.  When we stopped we appeared to be in a
fairly affluent part of town.  The homes were all quite nice and sat on spacious
lots.  We pulled up to the door of a large home that appeared to be divided into
a number of large appointments.  The driver called back as we came to a stop
"Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back"

He got out and went in the front door only to return a couple of minutes later. 
"Good" he said "we're on time, even a bit early, that earned me a nice tip."  He
started to undo the ties holding my hands to the belt and added, "You know, if
your interested, after you're finished here we can continue to have some ...
fun."  That last work was emphasized and directed at my still very hard cock.  I
wasn't sure what he meant by that last comment and replied "I'm sure I'll be
busy here the night, and besides I didn't figure you would be interested."

He continued to work to free me as he spoke "Oh ... not for me, I had a fare
earlier today who was asking if I could help him find some action.  Seems he was
looking for a special girl who would be into some kinky action.  Offered me a
big finder's fee if I could help."

"But as you know" I said looking down at my still pulsing cock. "I'm not exactly
a real ..." I stared to say, but was interrupted.  "Oh don't worry, he also
mentioned that a couple would be even more fun, so I'm guessing he'd be real
interested in you.  And as for being busy all night... I just was told to pick
you up just after 10:00.  Seems like the lady is only keeping a couple of the
other girls here all night.  Won't that be fun" he smirked.

"So what do you say" he continued.  "I'll give this guy a call, I'll split the
finder's fee with you, and I'll hang around long enough to be sure you're okay
and he's not going to hurt you.  After that, you and these are on your own"
Those last words were spoken as he gently squeezed my balls and smiled as I
moaned softly. "After all this has got to be the worst case of blue balls I've
ever seen in my life.  That girl back there really left you wanting!  Did you
see her ass, and what a pair of tits.  If you ever get a chance to get even with
her I want in.  We can make a deal on that.  But for now .... how about tonight,
care to take a dare."

Oh I wished he hadn't used that word!  If only he knew just how much grief I had
suffered all day because of that damn four letter word.  Me and my damned
personal commitment to play the dares, now I couldn't back out.  After thinking
it over, but not too much, I replied " Okay, but I'm trusting you to stand
guard.  I'm not into anything too rough and I'm nervous about this kind of
contact."

"Don't worry" he offered "I'll make sure you're comfortable before I leave you
alone." With a laugh he added "Well at least as comfortable as you seem to enjoy
it.  Now get in there before we both get in trouble."  With that he helped me
out of the limo and held the door of the house for me as I scurried in.  Behind
me I heard the vehicle start and pull away as I took in my new surroundings.

I had entered a well appointed apartment.  The front room and what of I could
see of adjoining room looked very tastefully decorated and well ... normal. 
Just then a voice beaconed me from a back room.  "Come on back sweetheart, give
me a hand setting up.  Besides by now you should be dressed the part."  As she
finished she stepped around the corner and stood before each other about ten
feet apart.

She took a long time looking me up and down and as I turned slowly for her
perusal she whistled and remarked "You have got to be the slutiest, sexiest,
most wonton creature out on the town tonight.  What ever brought you here?"

I thought a second and realized she wanted to play a game.  I'm my best sultry
french accent and with a curtsy that showed everything the outfit couldn't hide
I replied "To serve madam."  She liked that.  With a bit smile she invited me
back and added "We are going to have a lot of fun tonight."

As we entered a large back room I was greeted with the vision of a very well
stocked dungeon.  As I looked around and mentally catalogued the contents of the
room she continued "I've almost got it all set up.  You could help by cleaning
up a bit, organize stuff onto the wall racks, and while you are doing that fill
me in on what has happened since we last spoke."


She sat on a black whicker throne chair at one end of the room while I busied
myself cleaning up the room and telling how my afternoon had passed.  She
interrupted several times to get more details and chuckled and laughed several
times at my adventures.  She was pleased how it had gone with Jose and thanked
me for helping her pay a dept.  She promised my reward was soon in coming.  She
was surprised and pleased how things had gone at the salon.  She admitted to
wanting to expose me a non-player knowing I'd get off on the humiliation, but
she was even more pleased to hear the consequences and how much fun the salon
manager had with me.

At one point she stopped me as I was bent over in front of here (I was doing a
lot of that for her benefit) and said "Hold it, what do we have here."  Calling
me over she had me turn my back to her and I felt her tugging at the back of the
thigh high stockings.  Turning around I saw that she was holding two small
pieces of paper in her hand.  They turned out to be two business cards.  Smiling
and with a wink she handed to them me and ordered that I read aloud.

The first was from the Monique the manager of the beauty salon at the hotel.  On
the back she had written I WOULD LIKE TO MEET AGAIN.  THIS TIME WITH YOU DRESSED
MORE CASUALLY.  THERE ARE THINGS I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO DO AND YOU SEEM THE TYPE. 
PLEASE CALL ME, I PROMISE TO BE BAD.  It was signed Mistress Monique.

The second card was a hand written note from the bell desk at the hotel.  I BET
YOU WANT TO GET EVEN!  I JUST WISH I COULD HAVE BEEN HARDER ON YOU.  PLEASE MAKE
ME REGRET GIVING YOU MY NUMBER.  This card had a little lipstick kiss with a
sketch of a hard prick just at the lips.  It was signed Lori and had a phone
number below the name.  She was still taunting me, the bitch!!

"Well, you've seemed to had an effect on people" my host said.  "Those are your
business, give them here and I'll put them back.  As she did so she added "Now,
I've got big plans for tonight but you deserve an opportunity for revenge, so
here's the deal.  Each woman you met at the mall will be coming here each hour
in the order you met them today.  I've got specific plans for each, and you may
have a turn too.  I only ask that you tell me what you'd like to do with each so
that we can coordinate our efforts."

I was a bit taken aback by the offer.  I had to think about it for a while but
the opportunity was not one I was going to let slip by.  I had already been
thinking of many things I'd like to do to a couple of the ladies that had worked
me over at the mall, now was my chance.  I had wanted to get my hands on those
tits of the girl in the shoe store for a long time, and that dragon lady's ass
needed some attention too.  I found out that Rose and I shared some desires in
both cases.  Trish from my first stop this morning was not so obvious until I
went to bend over for something and was immediately reminded of the constant
tugging on my nipples I had suffered all day.  I began to formulate a plan there
too.  Rose and I discussed all this openly until it was near 6:00 and she wanted
to get ready for our first guest.  She had me stand station at the front door as
she went to get changed.

At almost exactly 6:00 the door bell rang.  I smiled a bit as I realized that
none of the girls were going to be late today.  I figured each knew they were
already in for it, so they'd not want to push it any harder than it was already
likely to be.  I now understood why each was so panicked as I managed to suffer
they're attacks on my dignity and walk out of each store in turn.  This was why
they had tried so hard, and got so visibly upset when they failed.  I knew that
I was going to enjoy this!

I opened the door for Trish and noted that she was obviously surprised to see me
there.  She stood there a moment taking in my appearance and then whispered
"What are you doing here?  I never thought I'd see you again.  Who's responsible
for all this as she pointed at my maid's outfit and fingered the leather lacing
on my legs."  I noticed she was taking a long look at my shoes with the special
heels and the long laces that began from there up each leg.  A slow smile on her
face told me she already had an idea who was responsible for that.

"Well," I began "I need to thank you for the hair, makeup, and nails.  I think
you already know that your friend Nancy from the show store has her own ideas on
how to use extra long laces. I don't know your other lunch partner's name but
it's obvious that she doesn't like men and felt I needed a few feminine
accessories."

"Yes, I see" she replied. "Are these real?" she asked as she reached for my
earrings.  I winced a bit at the touch and she whistled "That must of hurt!  And
yes Nancy did tell me something about those laces at the shop but I never
figured she could do this.  I still like the hair, and the nails have you
struggling I bet, but that's not my makeup.  I didn't make you so ...... well
trashy did I?"

"No," I admitted "but I got into a bit of trouble and my makeup had to be
repaired.  That was a very embarrassing experience."

"I bet" she relied looking directly at the large cameo on my choker and guessing
exactly why I needed new makeup.  Just then Rose walked into the front room and
Trish was in for another shock.  I have to admit I was a bit surprised too. 
Rose was wearing, or almost wearing, a leather lingerie dream.  Black seamed
stay-ups, 6" stiletto heels, tight little black leather split crotch panties
that did little more than frame her clean shaven pussy.  A black leather half
bra didn't cover her breasts but rather put them on display.  Long leather
gloves came most of the way up her arms and in one hand she held a vicious
looking riding crop and in the other was a bright red ball gag.  Her look told
us both it was time to shut up.

"Is this the best you could do" Rose asked as she pointed at my hair and played
with my finger nails.  "Although, these were a nice touch." I moaned as she
reached for my boobs and gently pulled on the hidden link to my nipples within.
Smiling and with a wink Rose continued " I told you these guys love this stuff. 
Hell, he probably enjoyed it more than you did.  But you girls wouldn't believe
me you thought I was full of it.  Well now you've met one and you lost the bet. 
The next part is easy.  My favorite number is three.  Three friends, three
orgasms each.  That seems like a good plan to me.  I'm going to have my first
three in the next hour, and you will have your three before you leave.  So, are
you ready to suck my pussy now or ....."  With that last remark she flicked the
whip and displayed the ball gag.

Trish gasped, the look on her face was priceless. She was obviously shaken by
the language Rose had used.  She just stood the mouth agape and muttered "I
can't do that, I won't, I just will not .."  Rose interrupted and instructed me
to stand behind Trish and undress her.  Trish went to move and the whip hit on
the butt as she turned.  One hit stopped her in her tracks and I began the task
at hand.  I was having some trouble with my long nails and at one point Trish
actually reached down to help me with some buttons.  "Stop that" Rose snapped
"I'm enjoying the show.  You just let my sissy maid expose my new playthings." 
It was Trish's turn to moan.

I took the opportunity to pull the pins out of Trish's hair and her long black
tresses fell down to below her waist.  I enjoyed playing with it and I took my
time undoing her bra and pulling down her rather plain proper panties.  When she
was nude I picked up the clothes I had folded on the bench beside me and walked
over to Rose to await further Instructions.

"Last chance" Rose asked.  A defiant flare is all she got back from Trish.

Rose turned to me and said "Put those down and put this in" I took the ball gag
and as I walked back to Trish noted that she had the bushiest pubes I had ever
seen.  It was quite apparent that Trish liked all her hair long.  It wasn't
unkempt, just very long and full.  You could not see anything between her legs
except hair.  I walked behind Trish and reach around with the gag.  Rose must
have sensed the coming problem and raised the crop high above Trish's exposed
breast.  Trish opened very wide for me and I made sure the ball was deep in her
mouth as I buckled the strap behind her head.  Rose then added "That only comes
out when you're ready to put your tongue to work.  You can let me know when
you're ready by giving an OK sign with your right hand.  Bring her back to the
play room now Sissy" Trish chuckled at my new title.

Trish's chuckle turned to a long deep moan as she saw the play room and all its
toys.  Rose pointed at the low bondage table at one end of the room and ordered
that I strap her down tight.  A few minutes later Trish was unable to move even
her head as she lay face up on the table.  I made sure to pull lots of her hair
around and over her to accentuate her feminine features.  Rose re entered the
room carrying a small bag and immediately went to the foot of the table and
pulled the leg extensions apart, very far apart.  I love the sound of a moan
behind a ball gag.  Even more when its not my own.  Taking an electric shear out
of the bag Rose looked into Trish's eyes said "I hate getting pubic hair in my
teeth"

Turning the razor on she turned to me and suggested I get some nipple clips. 
She requested I get the nastiest ones I could find.  I heard clippers start and
continual sputtering and moans from Trish as I looked through my host's
collection of toys.  I finally found several pairs on nipple clips one of which
was what are commonly referred to as Japanese clips.  Spring loaded these
tighten even more with any weight or a tug on the chain connecting them. 
Pleased with my find a returned the table hoping to be allowed to attached the
clips and play a little.

Rose had other ideas.  She took the clips from me and handed me a can of shaving
foam and a couple Lady Shick safety razors.  Stroking the short stubble that
remained on Trish's now very exposed pussy she said "Nice and smooth, you'll be
whipped once for every hair I find on inspection and it will be a very hard
whipping so you don't want it, understand?"  I quickly nodded acceptance and
knelt between Trish's legs and got to work.  I decided to have a little fun and
took the opportunity to accidentally slip my very long nails into her pussy and
play around the rim of her very sensitive ass hole.  I could tell from the
noises behind the gag my efforts were having the desired effect.

As I shaved and played I noticed that Rose had walked around the table and
because it was so low was able to stand with her legs spread directly over her
captive's face.  Trish had no choice but to look directly up into her next meal. 
Rose reached down and gently brushed the hair away from two very hard nipples. 
Maybe it was because of the fear, maybe the room was a bit cold.  I like to
think I was having some success with my ministrations around her pussy and ass. 
What ever was the cause, Rose had two perfect hard little targets for her nasty
toy.

The moans turned to a muffled scream as first one and then the other clip were
attached.  Rose was none too gentle then as she went to work on those twin
sources of pain.   By that time I had finished the shave job and wiped my work
area clean.  Looking up at Rose I saw that as she was twisting and pulling at
the clips she had bent down and was rubbing her pussy on Trish's gagged mouth
and nose.  She was obviously getting very excited and was almost fucking that
nose.  I looked up longingly and licked my lips.  Rose was that and nodded
approval.  I figured there was no sense being gentle and using my long nails I
pulled Trish's pussy lips far apart and rammed my tongue in as far as I could. 
That brought a new sound from behind the gag.  Knowing that Rose expected
results I dug my nails in deeper and started to lick and nibble on Trish's
exposed clit.  That did it.  I looked up and saw Trish banging the table with
her right hand and her fingers in a perfect OK sign.  Too bad, I was having fun.

Trish immediately stopped her twisting and ordered that I come around and remove
the gag.  Grudgingly, I got up and with a curtsey did just that.  Rose warned
Trish not to saw a word and she didn't.  Rose held her hand out for the gag and
as I put it in her hand she looked back down at Trish.  She slowly lower her
crotch to just above Trish's mouth and when nothing happened reached for the
nipple clips.  Before she even got close a tongue snaked out of Trishes mouth
and started lapping at Rose's now dripping pussy.  With a sigh  she whispered to
me "Go back down but be gentle this time, let her enjoy it."

I was more than happy to comply and this time as I gently probed the newly
shaved pussy I heard much more pleasant sounds from a very occupied mouth. 
Rose's first orgasm was almost instantaneous.  She told me later that it was a
mental orgasm.  She got off from the success.  All her planning, schemes, and
organization had come together and here was one of her straightest friends
eating her pussy.  That had to be a big high for a dominant lesbian like Rose.

I watched as Rose came down from her first climax but remained on Trish's face. 
A simple tap on one of the nipple clips brought the tongue back to work and the
look in Rose's eyes told me the her captor was learning quick.  With one down ,
two to go Rose leaned forward and tapped me on the head.  Knowing I was to get
up I stepped back and watched as Rose put her own expert tongue to work.  Two
beautiful women, one bound the other in leather, engaged in some serious 69. 
Without looking I knew my cock was as hard as a rock again, and the panties were
not doing a good job of containing it.  Rose stopped long enough to tell me to
go get cleaned up and fix my lipstick and then she went back to work on Trish's
now gleaming pussy.  Not long after I left the room I heard Rose squeal into her
second orgasm.

When I came back into the room I found Rose sitting on her whicker throne taking
a much deserved break and Trish just lying in bondage panting.  As I approached
Rose got up and requested I follow her.  We walked to the toy rack on the back
wall where Rose selected a large dildo with a ring on the base.  "Time for her
to start working on her three." she said loud enough for us both to hear.  We
both heard the gasp from Trish and Rose smiled even more.  Walking back to the
table handed me the dildo and motioned for me to put it where it needed to be. 
Looking over at a counter along the wall I noted a large collection of little
clips and elastics of all sizes.  Rose noticed my glances and said "Help
yourself."

It was time to get even.  My nipples had been screaming all day.  At times the
tugging was so constant it built into a crescendo.  I decided that Trish needed
to share the experience.  Taking two small clips and a selection of elastics I
knelt back down between her legs as a very nervous Trish pleaded forgiveness
with her eyes.  Her pussy was so wet the dildo slipped right in.  I then took
two of the smallest tightest clips and attached one on each pussy lip just below
the level of the ring on the well entrenched dildo.  I attached two elastics to
the ring on the bottom of the dildo, passed one each through each clip on her
pussy lips and then ran them up to the clips on the poor girl's still hard
nipples.  It took me a while to get the tension and the placement of the clips
just right and the long nails didn't make it any easier.  By now I think Trish
was regretting leaving them so long.

In just about a minute my task was complete.  Trish's discomfort and displeasure
was obvious and immediate.  She squealed wonderfully as I demonstrated the setup
to Rose.  With the dildo thrust all the way in the elastics twisted the clips
harshly on her tender pussy lips.  You could actually see the red marks as
little claws dug into her most sensitive flesh.  As I pulled the dildo out the
angle of the elastic was reduced and the claws stopped pinching.  Unfortunately
for Trish, the other end of the elastic was attached to the nipple clips which
squeezed and pulled harder as the dildo was extracted.  The length of the
elastics prevented the dildo from being totally withdrawn.

I don't think Rose got it at first.  Not until I went up to Trish's head and
released her hands from bondage.  Trish immediately reached for the dildo and
pushed it in to relieve the strain on her nipples.  But that hurt her pussy lips
so she pulled it back out, her nipples jumped and it went back in.  Rose laughed
out load as she watched the poor girl start to fuck herself vigorously with the
flesh colored monster.  She then looked at her watch and said "just about time
for our second guest.  Time to get ready."

She had me turn around and without any ceremony put the gag to my mouth and when
I opened she pulled it very tight.  I heard an additional click after she
buckled it on which told me a lock had been added and it wasn't coming off soon. 
"I thought you two were all two chatty when she got here, so this time just
bring my guest directly back.  I'm going to try and time it just so and if it
doesn't work it's your ass" With that she pinched my butt and I scurried off to
stand ready at the front door.  As I walked away I heard Rose tell Trish that
she was ready for number three.

The next chapter very soon ......




Part 8

As I walked down the hall to the living room I couldn't resist stopping at  the
full length mirror.  The gag felt and looked tight, actually I liked what it did
to my face.  I was a well silenced slave  and I liked the part.  Knowing who the
next guest was I also checked my bust.  The combination of Nancy's lacing and
the full  length stays in the tight bodice of my maid outfit was doing an
admirable job of presenting my boobs.  The fullness of  the inserts and the
peek-a-boo opening caused a lot of cleavage to be exposed.  I figured I had to
be  looking as  voluptuous as our next guest was going to.

I made my way to the door and stood sation waiting to show off .  It was not 
surprising when the doorbell rang at exactly 7 o'clock.  I opened the door to a
very astonished young lady.  I however  had to immediately admit I was wrong and
had been beat.  But, at the same time I realized something was different.  Her 
breasts were as large as I remember, maybe even more so, but they sat high and
proud, sticking straight out in defiance of  gravity.  The tight knit short
dress she was wearing only served to amplify their size and presentation.  As I
finally  tore my eyes from those huge jugs I looked down to see she was wearing
6" heels similar to mine, complete with the bondage  lacing wrapped up each leg
to disappear under the very short skirt.  As she stepped up the last step into
the house  I noticed the lacing continued into the crack of her ass and bound
her ass checks as well.  I did say it was a short dress.

Nancy was equally taken by my attire.  She started to ask a lot of questions 
but then noticed the gag.  With a simple "oh my!" she walked behind me and to
see the whole look.  Satisfied she came  around front and grabbing my balls none
too gently asked "I bet you wish you'd said yes to my offer before, eh stud" 
Looking at those huge tits in her dress and knowing what was likely to follow
she didn't know how wrong she was.

Remembering Rose's warning about any delay I gently took Nancy's hand and  led
her down the hall.  As we got close to the back room I could hear the
unmistakable sounds of what was going on in  there.  The squish, squish told me
that Trish was working the dildo hard.  As a matter of fact very fast too.  I
smiled to  myself knowing that the animal had taken over and she working herself
to her first climax.  The load moans and gasps  coming obviously from Rose told
me she was near climax  too.  As we took the last few steps to the door you
could smell the  sex, and it smelled good!

Rose did well, she timed it perfectly.  She must have been holding back  because
at the exact instant we entered the room she let out a squeal and had a
thunderous orgasm on Trish's face.  The juice  just flowed from her convulsing
pussy and to her credit Trish continued to lick and suck in a vain effort to get
it all.   Then before Rose had even started to come down it hit Trish.  It hit
hard!  Trish was a screamer and she screamed.  Her  whole body shook as she
continued to ram that monster dildo in and out of her dripping hole.  Both women
just continued to  vent and shake as wave after wave of orgasm wracked their
bodies. It was an incredible scene that even had me  panting just watching.

I turned to see what Nancy thought of it and got another chuckle.  She was  in
shock.  Her hands were up covering her face but they did not conceal the wide
eye stare like a deer caught in a  car's headlights.  Her breath was short and
gasping as she fought to come to terms with what she had just witnessed.  Her 
totally strait and quite prudish friend  has just completed what was probably
one of the wildest sex acts she had ever  experienced with the one woman she
continually berated for being a lesbian.  It was almost too much for Nancy to
handle, or  so I thought.  For then I heard Nancy whisper not even expecting me
to hear "The lucky bitch!"  Now I was shocked.  I had  to wonder which one of
the two she was more envious of.

My attention was snapped back to the table as Trish let out another squeal.  
Rose had just removed the nipple clips and I know how that hurts as the blood
rushed back into those tortured nubs.  Poor  girl, I almost felt sorry for her
until I heard the loud pop and the dildo was pulled from her still trembling
pussy.  Trish  sighed and had a far away look as Rose stood and walked to her
cane throne chair.

"Three's a charm" were the first words she said.  Smiling and winking at me  she
added "Bring my next toy over here Sissy".  Nancy followed my lead still in a
daze after what she had seen.   "Stand tall girl" snapped Rose which brought
Nancy to attention.  "Yes, looks good, now turn slowly."  As Nancy turned 
slowly offering us both an excellent view of sex on legs Rose spoke again.
"Obviously you visited the shop as ordered.   Did you bring the laces there and
finish the job there too?"  I still couldn't get over the size and presentation
of her  tits, especially as she stood at attention before Rose.  Rose then
commanded that Nancy tell us both about her afternoon.

It seems that Rose had sent some very explicit instructions to Nancy at her 
shop just before closing time.  Under threat of public disclosure and
humiliation Nancy picked out a pair of 6" heels much  like she had given me to
wear and then a couple of the long laces like she had used on me earlier in the
day.  She  then went home and changed into the dress she was wearing now.

Rose interrupted and explained how Nancy had worn the same dress when she  and
met Rose after work one evening for what was supposed to be casual drinks.  The
dress came with a pair of  matching bikini panties, and Nancy had spend the
entire evening flirting and flashing Rose knowing what it was doing to her.  
Being a public bar Rose could no nothing but try and stay calm and Nancy knew
it.  The dress was so short that even  without trying Nancy put on quite a show
but apparently Rose got the best viewing.  I guess she went home with the female 
equivalent of blue balls that night.  Now Rose was getting even.

At this point I asked where the panties were.  It was obvious that she  didn't
them, or anything else on under the dress. Nancy replied "The lady at the
leather shop kept them and said I'd have to  earn them back."  A quizzical look
from Nancy told us both that she didn't understand how that was to be.  Rose 
chuckled and said "You'll find out soon enough"

Nancy went on to recount how she went to the shop and after identifying  herself
was told the strip and put on only the shoes with tight lacing to the waist.  I
seems the shop owner really enjoyed  the show and checked occasionally tp ensure
the lacing was good and tight.  When she was finished Nancy got her  surprise! 
At this point Rose interrupted again and told Nancy to take the dress off.  What
I saw next explained everything and  was a sight to behold.

Nancy was hearing a very tight Victorian leather corset.  It was high cut  over
her hips at the bottom exposing lots of cheek in back.  The leather lacing
running up from her very high heels was pulled  through rings in the bottom of
the garment and tied off to give a great legs in bondage look.  The lacing and
bodice of  the corset also framed her flame red pubic hair which proved her hair
coloring was natural.  With the shortness of the dress  and lack of panties I
wondered how many other people now knew that her hair coloring was natural.  The
top of the  corset was responsible for the anti-gravity look of her chest.  The
� cups were fitted perfectly to hold those lovely mounds  up and together.  The
cups were cut deep in the middle to expose a lot of cleavage.  Basically the
entire effect was a  bob show.  Very stiff stays and an incredibly narrow laced
waist completed the look.  Nancy wanted to know how Rose had  arranged such a
perfect fit without any measurements to go by.  Rose explained she had been
planning this a long  time! I was ready to cum just looking at her. Rose broke
my trance with "Tell us what you did next dear."

Nancy explained how she was told to put only the dress back on and retrieve  her
next instructions from a planter box at the other end of the mall.  After
prompting from Rose she also added that  the mall she was at was a multi-level
structure and the planter was at the far end of the top floor.  The leather shop
was  on the ground floor.  Thus, Nancy had to walk the entire length of the mall
and up several flights of stairs to get there.    Revenge can be sweet.  Nancy
had shared in my walk of shame across that mall and I knew that now many people
were aware of  her pubic hair coloring.  Rose's smile told me that she too felt
revenge for that night in the bar back when.

I was even more elated as Nancy saved the best part for last.  It seems that 
the planter Nancy was looking for was up on the wall directly across from a pool
hall adult arcade place.  She had no  choice but to stand on tip toes and reach
high up and over to retrieve the envelope inside.  The cat calls, hoops, and
hollers  told her she was giving quite a show to a very appreciative audience. 
Nancy was even blushing as she told the story and  how to make matters worse in
her fluster how she had dropped the note and had to bend over again to pick it
up.  With the  very tight corset and 6" heels she had no choice but to spread
her legs and bend over at the waist to get it.  The  whole arcade must have seen
her bright red bush with that move.  Rose laughed out loud and exclaimed "I
couldn't have  planned it better, thanks for the extra bonus my dear.  Now to
the business at hand ......  Step up here and let me show you  a special feature
of this corset."

When Nancy approached the chair, Rose reached up and unzipping a pair of 
concealed zippers removed the cups from the corset.  The pulling at two leather
bows under Nancy's armpits exposed  two long woven laces that were all too
familiar.  Rose noticed Nancy's surprise and remarked "I'm surprised you  didn't
recognize these."  With that she reached for Nancy's hand and wrapped the lace
web around the base of left tit and  passed it back though a small d-ring sewn
onto the edge of the corset.  Pulling it tight she clipped the end to a small 
ring on the fashionable leather cuff on Nancy's wrist.  It was tight and caused
the boob to bulge out almost obscenely.  The  only way Nancy could get any
relief was to push into her own boob lifting it out and up even higher. 
Repeating the job  on the other side had a wonderful effect. Here was Nancy
holding her own tightly bound boobs up and together to  maximize cleavage and
display.  She started to complain about the discomfort but shut up quickly when
Rose asked me to get  her riding crop.

Rose then marched Nancy over to the other end of the low bondage table and  had
her lie with her head next to Trish's. Her legs extended beyond the table and in
quick order the feet were fixed  into two rings spaced 4 feet apart on the floor
at the foot of the table.  In an uncommon show of sympathy Rose then put a 
pillow under the back of Nancy's head, but I was soon to learn that was for my
benefit not hers.   Turning to me she said  "And you my little slut are going to
cum much to quickly, come here" With that she grabbed a ball separator from the 
bench and began fixing it tightly between my near bursting balls.  Before
clipping the last snap she slipped an small  hook to the strand between my balls
and to it an elastic similar to those I'd used on Trish.  I was then marched
back to  the table and told to straddle Nancy's waist.

As I felt her tugging at the elastic and attaching it to the corset just  above
Nancy's pubic hair Rose spoke.  "So you offered our little cross dresser here a
blow job so that you could get out  of this.  Well, he told me all about it and
as you know that was not allowed.  So you must pay for it.  Very simple really,
you  offered him a blow job.  Now he's going to get it."  Now turning to me she
continued "Your part is simple, fuck her  face.  And you'd better be done before
I'm finished down here or you both suffer" With that she turned and picked up 
the shears she had used on Trish and I knew those beautiful red pubes were
going, going, gone.

I saw the look of astonishment in Nancy's face as first she felt the  electric
razor on her pubis and then my cock head try to part her tits as I went for her
mouth.  Then the elastic pulled tight.   My balls were stretched back and pulled
deep into the cleavage of the monster tits.  The combination of discomfort
almost pain  as my balls were bulled back and the wonderful warmth and
smoothness of those ripe tits was incredible.  And  there were those full lips
held at the perfect angle by the pillow under her head.  If I pulled on my balls
enough the head  of my cock just slipped inside her mouth. And she licked the
slit hole at the end of my cock!  When I pulled back in  surprise she said "We
got to get this over with please, hurry cum before she hurts me more"

Well, who am I to deny a lady a request.  It was a wonderful feeling as I  began
to fuck her face.  My balls were continually pulled down into the tight smooth
confines of the tightly bound  tits, and every thrust was met with a lick of
Nancy's hot eager tongue.   Unfortunately, (well maybe for her, but not for  me)
the tight ball spreader and constant pull of the elastic greatly prolonged my
eruption and it took a while to get  enough stimulus to overcome the discomfort. 
Just as I was getting there I noticed Trish lying beside use watching me fuck
her  friend's face and tits.  Her hands were between her legs and her fingers
were very busy as she frigged herself to  orgasm watching our show.  Nancy was
aware of this too I could tell.

Trish and I came together.  It was wonderful my own moans of joy and  discomfort
from the ball spreader were totally masked by Trish's screams.  Nancy was torn
between catching the gobs of  sperm I was shooting at and in her mouth and
turning to watch her friend in ecstacy.  She did catch most of it and even 
licked the end clean as I finally started to settle down.  The constant pressure
of the ball spreader kept me quite firm and it  felt good nestled between those
tight tits.  It was then I noticed Rose standing beside us looking down at Trish
as we all  watched her come down from her second orgasm of the evening.

Turning to be she said "Time to get off Slut, my turn."  Turning to the  girls
on the table she added "Nancy, look at Trish, Trish clean her face."  Before
either could say a word there was a load  swish and slap as the riding crop
flicked through the air and slapped the table very close to their heads.  No a
word was said  as both tongues went to work licking Nancy's face.  It was quite
a sight and I started to get hard again.  When they were  finished, which
involved a lot of colliding tongues and near kisses Rose spoke again.  "My turn
now, and before you try  and deny you want it anyway let me explain how its
going to work"

Leading me back between Nancy's legs Rose had me kneel between her thighs.   I
noticed immediately that Rose had done a lousy job of shaving.  Actually,
everything was very smooth except  for a thin rim of hair around the very edge
of Nancy's slightly open pussy.  I could see already Nancy was a little excited 
as the moisture on the lips was obvious. Handing me a pair of tweezers she
informed us "My assistant here will finish  this little job for me."  Turning to
me she added, in a voice for all to hear "Don't stop until I cum."  With that I
saw  her climb up on the table and pull the pillow out from under Nancy's head. 
She then straddled the poor girl's face and  looking back at me said "Remember
the stairs."

That was evil.  Rose knew that all day I had suffered.  Every time I had to 
step up or down Nancy's lacing did its worst. The way she had attached the small
bungee cords to the back of the lacing  caused my balls to be in a mild tension
al all times.  But when I stepped up or down stairs, especially in those very
high  heels the effect was nasty!  The discomfort was so constant I had almost
forgot it, but then Rose reminded me.  My groin was  killing me.  And here I was
between the legs of the girls responsible with a pair of tweezers and some nice
long  pubic hairs.

Nancy had started to tell Rose how there was no way she was going to lick, 
kiss, or do anything else to Rose's wet pussy when I plucked the first hair.  It
really pulled at her pussy lips and a  little red spot immediately appeared at
the hair follicle.  "You may need to take two at a time until she gets the idea"
Rose  offered.  I never had a chance.  The slight squeal and moan from Rose told
me Nancy had gotten the idea very quickly.   But I had orders to follow. 
Working around the wetter and wetter pussy before me I continued to pull the
long  red pubes from my tormentor's lips.  Oh she squealed, she bucked, humped,
and tried everything to avoid my tweezers, but  to no avail.  Rose was getting
off on the combination of the tongue job and her struggles and just as I was
finishing  off she exploded again.

I watched as Rose settled down and then climbed off the table.  I couldn't 
resist looking down I saw the last two hairs. Gripping them in the tweezers I
looked directly into Nancy's eyes and very  slowly pulled them out.  Nancy
gasped and I pulled as slowly as possible to prolong the effect.  Again, revenge
felt  good.  Rose sighed as the pubes popped free and said to me "Perhaps that
was deserved but I did tell you to stop when I  came."

Wlaking behind me she helped me to my feet as led me beside the table beside 
both girl's heads.  Without a word she grabbed my arms and twirling me around
clipped my wrists together behind my  back.  She then retrieved a spreader bar
from the wall behind me and within seconds my ankles were shackled about 3  feet
apart. I heard her fumbling behind me and then if it hadn't been for the gag
still in I would have rivaled Trish  for volume that night.  Rose, with no
warning, dropped a quite heavy weight onto the hook still hanging between my
balls.   I damn near fainted.  I could feel the weight swinging from my balls
and the smiles on the captive girls faces told me  they had a good look at it
too.

Rose then turned me to the table so that my legs were actually touching the 
edge.  The weight pulling down on my balls caused my near full erection to stand
directly out over the table.  The  excitement of the recent activities had
gotten to me and there was already a bead of pre-cum on the tip of my cock.. 
Looking at  me directly in the eye she spoke "Bad girls, you must learn to
follow orders or else .." Rose then reached behind me a  slapped the weight. 
The effect was obvious. My cock bobbed, by balls hurts, and it was not a gentle
moan into the gag.   The girls liked that.  Rose continued "My next order is
simple, no mess.  Every drip on my nice clean table will be  dealt with
severely!"  Turning to Nancy she added "Show time."

With no further words Rose climbed onto the table sat over Nancy face and 
lowered herself into a very comfortable sixty- nine.  There were no pretenses
this time.  Both tongues immediately went to  work and both Trish and I had a
perfect view.  Damn and my cock started to throb.  Two beautiful girls in tight 
bondage, one of them engaged in serious pussy sucking with a goddess in leather. 
Me in a fantasy outfit and equally tight  bondage.  It was too much.  I didn't
cum, but I got very excited.  By the time both Nancy and Rose had their own
orgasms I  was near tears.  Trish was enjoying my torture too.  Her giggles and
winks just added to my torment.  Of coarse I  dripped.  Not much, but it showed. 
I knew I was in for it now.

After the girls settled down Rose climbed down and looked at the spot under  by
still erect cock..  "I knew it, as a matter of fact I was counting on it. 
Excuse me while I shower and prepare for our  next guest."  With that, she left
the three of us there and walked out of the room.  I looked down as Nancy turned
to Trish  and said "Please" Without another word Trish began licking Nancy's
face and cleaning all of Rose's juice from her  lips, cheeks, and chin.  That
lead to a lot of kissing and tongue action as the girls squirmed in their
bondage and gave me  another show.  At one point I even saw Trish start to play
with herself again, but when she saw me looking she stopped.   I did see her
blush though.  I knew then these girls were hot for each other.

They were still at it when Rose came back in the room.  Without a word she 
reached down and twisted a nipple on each girl which immediately got their
attention. Turning to Nancy she said "No  sense denying it anymore.  We all know
what this all about.  I won't be hearing any talk about perverted sexual 
tenancies anymore will I?  Now I've had enough for now, and I'm expecting
another guest, a very special guest.  However, Trish  here is one short of her
quota of three.  You WILL take care of that for me right?"  Nancy looked over
and looking into  Trish's wide unbelieving eyes answere "Love to".  As Rose
started to unbuckle and release Nancy she offered on piece of  advice "She likes
it rough, not hard but little nibbles and pinches will get her off" Nancy smiled
at that and as Trish  sighed replied "Don't worry she'll get lots of that"

I was looking forward to the show but was soon disappointed.  Rose released  the
clip behind my back and undid the shackles from my ankles.  She then grabbed the
weight hanging between my  legs and used it to lead me across the room to a
large open frame.  I saw it coming but to little to stop it.  Soon I  was
standing spread-eagle in the frame my legs spread very wide and my wrists pulled
up and out to the corners.  She placed  a full length mirror in front of me so I
could see myself.  I didn't like my position, too vulnerable and Rose's attitude 
told me something was up.  Finally she spoke. "Time for a costume change, and
then we'll deal with your little dribble  problem" With that she walked out of
the room and I waited and listened to the sounds of the excited pair going at it
on  the bondage table.  More than once a squeal told me Nancy was taking Rose's
advice about rough play to heart.

Continued soon ......




Part 9

Rose came back in a few minutes.  The entire time she was gone I listened to the
two girls going at in across the room.  There were more than a couple squeals
and a few damns as Nancy took Monique up and down an oral roller coaster.  I
couldn't see anything other than my own vulnerable reflection.  Unfortunately,
that excited me and yet another drip of pre-cum formed at the end of my still
firm dick.  When Rose reentered the room she ignored the other two occupants and
came directly to me.

Again I was taken aback by her outfit.  Previously she could be described as a
leather goddess, now she was a leather bitch.  She stood very gracefully in 4"
spiked heels with a boot top the went all the way up to smooth shaved pussy. 
The toes came to a very sharp point and looked as if they could do a lot of
damage if kicked, which is exactly what they were designed to do.  The harness
that she wore over body was little more than a few strips of leather that
featured a split crotch that did a wonderful job of pulling her pussy lips apart
so you could the moist pink interior.  The harness continues up to her shoulders
and even featured a pair of small nipple clips that Rose had attached to
herself.  A very tight mask covered the top half of her face and the very red
eye makeup you could see underneath created a very spooky look.  The harness
featured a couple of small clips, one on each side.  One clip held the riding
crop she had been using since I arrived, the other held a very nasty looking
paddle.  This girl was ready for business.

"Still have that problem I see."  With that she walked over to the wall rack and
retrieved a inflatable gag.  God what an outfit I thought.  Her ass was
beautifully framed in the leather harness and I was still staring when she
turned to come back.  Noticing my stare she said "Thanks for the compliment, but
it won't help" Now she was looking at my now much harder cock bobbing in
appreciation of the view we had just shared.  Standing directly in front of me
she held the gag up and asked "How many?"

I was taken aback, but then understood what she was doing.  I was about to
torture myself.  Set my own limits.  She looked me directly in the eye as I
replied "With which one?"

"Your choice." was her quick reply.

"Ten with the paddle, be firm but not hard."  As she started to reach up with
the gag, I quickly added "Double it, if you think I need it!"  I regretted
saying that but it was too late to take it back as the gag went in and Rose
quickly buckled it behind my head.  I could tell she understood my regret as she
chuckled and pumped to inflate the rubber ball inside my mouth.  With the last
pump she smiled and confirmed my suspicions about meaning business.  "Thirty it
is then."

She made a show of removing the paddle and flicking it a few times to
demonstrate its flex.  This was not going to be a gentle paddling.  With a wink
she then strutted around me and took up station at my rear.  I could see her
reflection in the mirror and again she put on a show for my benefit. This lady
had class.  She was a nasty lesbian, dominant, leather bitch, but she had class.

The first whack was just as ordered.  Firm, very firm.  I screamed into the gag
but not a sound came out.  I was still moaning when the second whack hit my
other cheek.  I was more ready this time and while I did make noise it wasn't a
scream not that anybody could hear anything I said.  I did here the girls
calling Rose though.  Trish was especially vocal as they begged to be able to
watch.  Rose stopped, strutted past me and moved the mirror to give the girls a
clear view of my demise.  Nancy, got off of Trish and walked over to speak to
Rose.  They exchanged a few whispers and then Rose handed Nancy her riding crop
and walked in front of me again.  Gesturing back towards the bondage table she
said "You will enjoy this."

I watched as Nancy walked between Trish's legs and adjusted the leg extensions
to spread her legs even wide.  Her legs were spread so far apart, her outer and
inner lips were spread so you could see everything including her very engorged
clit.  Nancy then stepped back and measure the distance with the tip of the crop
to her target between Trish's legs.  "You wouldn't dare!" hissed Trish.  "Don't
dare take your eyes off of him." was Nancy's reply.

Nancy looked at Rose.  Rose acknowledged and set up a little cadence of three
flicks of the paddle and then WHACK.  At the same instant I screamed I heard
Trish.  Nancy didn't hit hard, more of a little flick, but it was a direct hit. 
Distracted by the show across the room I wasn't ready for my next whack.  It was
equally hard on the other cheek but I was so engrossed in the other show as
Nancy kept pace with Rose.  One for one they matched strokes.  My ass was
getting hot and I knew red as I got a very strict paddling.  Trish bucked and
struggled as Nancy continued to land little flicks on her exposed pussy lips,
flesh, and clit.  I don't know how many strokes it took but then with a direct
hit on the clit Trish shot to another screaming orgasm.  This one was huge,
maybe even a multiple as wave after wave of orgasm wracked her body, She
thrashed around the table pulling at her bounds and vocalizing "You bitch, you
bitch, you wonderful cunt sucking bitch."  Finally, she fell still and silent
and looked almost passed out as Nancy leaned over her, kissed her gently on the
lips, and walked over to Rose and I.  Handing Rose the crop she smirked "I guess
that's three, but I think she snuck in some extras on her own.  I'm going to
have to punish her for that."  So it was done.  Rose had succeeded in bringing
at least two of her friends together.  We all knew then and there that Rose's
lunch group was never going to be the same.

We all heard the front door open and a pair of heels walk across the entry
floor.  Rose noted my inquisitive look and smiled.  Nancy started to ask but
Rose cut her off.  "Help Trish up and get her dressed.  The driver will take her
home when he brings my last guest.  You'll have to wait for your next session
with her, but unless I'm totally wrong about her and you, she'll be begging you
for it.  You on the other hand can't leave until you have number three.  I'm
sure my little sissy slut here will be more than willing to help" Nancy smiled
at me and caressed her newly shaved pussy and replied "Oh, I'd like that"

Nancy turned to go release Trish and Rose left to room obviously to meet with
who ever it was that had just come in .  I watched as Nancy helped Trish up off
the table and get dressed.  Trish signed at even the light touch of her panties
as they were pulled up to her crotch.  She noticed Nancy's concern and surprised
us both as she took Nancy's face in the hands and gave her a hot, passionate
kiss.  They walked together as Nancy helped her to the wicker chair at the end
of the room.  I heard Trish say to Nancy, not trying to hide it from me "Next
time don't be so gentle!"  I saw a tear roll out of Nancy's eye.  They just
stared lustfully at each other.

The trance was broken as Rose re-entered the room.  "Time to go girl, your ride
is here.  Don't say a word on your way out.  Ignore my next guest."  Then with a
note of genuine friendship she added "please, and thank you, you were
fantastic." Trish nodded, hung her head in a bit of shame realizing how unfair
she had been towards Rose in the past made her way to the front door.  I heard a
voice as Trish went out and some else came in, but Trish didn't speak.  Rose sat
in her throne and indicated to Nancy to kneel by her side.  With Nancy in place
and a quick survey to make sure all was set in the room she called out "Back
here my pet."

We all heard the stomping of angry heels as the dragon lady entered the room. 
"Coming here like this is bad enough without you calling me pet.  I'm not your
fucking pet and I will never be ..... " She stopped mid-sentence as she became
aware of her surroundings.  Nancy kneeling submissively at Rose's feet, me
hanging in bondage still gagged and sporting a huge erection and a very red ass. 
And Rose sat there and flicked her riding crop with authority.  Rose slowly
pointed the crop at our newest guest and spoke "Shut up and strip!  Not another
word or I'll really hurt you."  Turning to Nancy she added "release him and
remove the gag."

Nancy rose and walked towards me those huge tits bouncing with each step.  I
even enjoyed just watching her walk.  I knew that she knew exactly what I was
watching and she liked it too.  She took a minute to caress my very tender butt
and as she removed the gag asked "Does it hurt?"  I replied with a moan and a
sigh "Oh yeah, it hurts so good".  "You and Trish, what a pair you both like it
a bit rough.  I just couldn't, on the other hand I did enjoy making her squirm." 
She didn't say anything else as she released my arms and ankles from the frame. 
It didn't matter anyway as my attention was directed across the room as I
watched the new girl take her clothes off.

As I had always suspected she wasn't wearing any underwear.  In a second she
took off the sweater and pants and stood there nude expect for her shoes.  She
stopped to look at her host who reached behind her chair and picked up a pair of
6" opera pumps and said "Trade these for those."  As she bent over to do as told
I got a look an that beautiful tight butt of hers and a very small cleanly
shaved pussy.  Everything about this woman was small and tight except her
nipples.  Her breasts were firm, about a B cup and they each boasted a
delightfully hard very protruding nipple.  They looked very much like slightly
enlarged pencil erasers.  They were beautiful, just so kissable, one look at
Rose told me she had other ideas.

As I stepped away from the framed Rose gestured towards it and said "walk,...
slowly."  Rose just sat there and watched.  God I love what heels to for a tight
butt.  And very high heels just do it better.  We all enjoyed the show as Roses
newest sex toy had no choice but to strut across the floor.  I got to give her
credit.  She tried, but it's just impossible to be dominant and assertive
walking nude in 6" heels.  By the time she got to the frame she was acting more
the sex object we all wished she was.  Standing directly under the frame she
stood silent as Rose spoke "Nancy, tight."

Nancy enjoyed it.  She spent some time working with the cuffs on each ankle and
wrist.  She pulled them very tight and took the opportunity to brush her hands
against the obviously nervous body.  She took each hand in turn and attached
them to the top corners of the frame.  I noted she pulled hard to stretch as far
as possible so that her subject had to stand almost on tippy toes to accommodate
the pull.  The she knelt on the floor and grabbed one ankle.  It knew what Nancy
had done, but I don't think the dragon lady figured it out.  Not until it hit,
and then she knew.  As Nancy pulled and quickly attached the ankle cuff on one
side then the other I had to chuckle.  With her legs spread so wide she had no
support and was literally hanging in the frame.  Our new prisoner glowed at me
and said "Kiss my ass!"  Rose stood up and walked over which silenced any smart
aleck reply I may of had.

Rose came up to us and replied for me "Now is that anyway to speak to the help
Janice.  If you can't speak civilly then don't speak at all." With that she held
the ball gag up to Janice's mouth.  It was not surprise that Janice clamped her
mouth closed in defiance.  Without a word Rose swing her free hand and slapped
the very started guest hard across the face.  When she opened her mouth to
scream or spit out some obscenity or other the gag was shoved in and soon was
buckled very tight behind her head.  Nancy and I just stood there and watched
this episode.  I was surprised at just how hard Rose had hit Janice but that was
nothing compared to what happened next.

Rose stepped back as we all admired the sight of Janice in very tight suspension
bondage and spoke "Now I have a surprise for you all.  I'm sure you'll all
recognize this person."  With that we heard the sound of heels enter to room.  I
was totally blown away, Nancy gasped, and Janice's eyes were like saucers as
Penny who worked for Janice at the store walked up to Rose, gave her a peck on
the cheek and said "Hi mom."

Janice's was shaking and struggling uselessly at her bounds obviously more
surprised than any of us.  It was obvious that she didn't know about the mother
- daughter relationship.  Nancy let out a long breath and whispered "You mean,
you two, oh I didn't know.  That's wild, and I've got to ask are you ..."

I should explain.  Penny had changed from the preppie little skirt and sweater
outfit she was wearing earlier in the day.  She now was wearing a leather
harness outfit very similar to her mother's.  In fact it was near identical
except that it was a light blue color.  It hosted the same split crotch straps
the pulled her clean shaved lips and very nice ass cheeks apart.  The top held
her firm breasts up for inspection and like Rose the outfit hosted clips on the
sides for toys.  Each of the clips held a small leather pouch whose contents
were not visible.

Penny went to answer but her mother interrupted.  "Well lets just say my
daughter never actually wore this."  Pointing at the cock sucker's cameo on my
neck she continued "Actually, I gave it to her to use should the occasion ever
arise.  After Penny got the job and she found about Janice's rather unique
initiation exercise, we both thought it best to keep our relationship a secret. 
I don't think our little plaything here would have come tonight if she had known
... do you?"  The last question was directed at Janice who was shaking her head
vigorously as she stared wide eyed at a very menacing looking Penny.  Penny had
assumed the same stance she had taken before me back at the store as she
tightened the clips on my ears, but this time the grimace was most definitely
directed at her boss.

Rose continued as Janice struggled and Penny began to fish something out of the
pouch hanging on her leather body harness.  "I had big plans for you tonight my
dear, but my daughter has begged me constantly to be the one allowed to get even
as it were.  She's a good girl and who am I to prevent her from improving her
relationship with her boss.  Seems she feels you deserve a dose of you own
medicine."

Penny stepped forward and held out her hand for all to see.  In her left had she
held two simple looking gold loop ear rings.  They looked like the self piercing
type with a some notches on the spike that looked like a little micro ratchet. 
Penny explained "Very simple really, once these go on, they never come off. 
There is even a little roller of tempered surgical steel inside that prevents
them from being cut off.  These will be a permanent decoration."  I looked at
Janice's ears and for the first time noticed that she was already pierced not
once but twice, so big deal I thought.  Penny noticed both Nancy and I looking
at Janice and added with a chuckle "Oh no, you don't understand" and then
paraphrasing something Janice had said to me in the store "You'll have to learn
the pains some women go through in the name of fashion."  With that last word
she reached up and gave one of Janice's nipples a tight little pinch.

Nancy gasped, I laughed, Penny chuckled again, and Janice went nuts.  It was
only due to the well built nature of the frame that suspended Janice, and
Nancy's excellent job of binding her there that held that wild lady in place. 
The previous defiant stare of the dragon lady was now replaced with a wide gaze
of fear and impending doom.  Penny continued "And what's the sense of fashion if
nobody knows its there."  With that she reached into the pouch again and
retrieved two little bells that she treaded onto the ear ring loops.  She held
each loop between finger of each hand a gave us all a demonstration of the
beautiful jingle of the obviously high quality bells.  I heard Nancy whisper
"permanent, now that's what I call revenge!"

Rose interrupted "Now before my sweet little daughter starts to play with her
new doll, I think you have been given an order."  That last remark was directed
at me and all I could do was look back inquisitively.  Rose responded to my look
with "Don't you remember Janice's last words?"  Then she added "And don't forget
my advice to Nancy with regards our first guest."  Nancy whispered what I was
already thinking "Kiss my ass, and don't be too gentle!  Oh this I've got to
see."

Janice tried a "you wouldn't dare" look but it didn't come off too well in her
present predicament.  I gave her my best sissy curtsey and licking slowly across
my top lip said "As you wish my lady" I tried to make a show as I walked around
behind Janice where Nancy showed up with the pillow from the bondage table.  I
thanked her for her thoughtfulness as she placed it on the floor for me to kneel
on.  Then I was looking directly at the ass of my dreams.  Ever since I first
saw this bitch in her too tight pants years ago I'd fantasied about such an
opportunity.  Remembering that the lady liked things direct I firmly scratched
my long finger nails from the outside edges of those two gorgeous orbs to the
crack between, then reversing my grip I clutched one cheek in each hand and
using my nails pulled them apart.  The shriek I heard behind the gag told me I
might have been a bit rough.  Too bad I thought.  Then wanting full effect, I
shoved my tongue directly into that tight little hole.

I don't know if I was the first, but I bet I was the roughest ass licker she'd
ever experienced.  Between my nails, teeth, and tongue I gave her entire rear
end a working over.  I made damn sure she'd think again before telling anyone
else to kiss her ass!  Several times I even allowed my nails to slip forward and
into her tight little cunt and scratch around a bit in there.  Someone in front
slapped my hand once telling me that was out of bounds so I didn't continue.

While I worked over that wonder tight little butt I knew that Penny was working
up front.  Several times I felt Janice's muscles tighten.  The low pain filled
screams into the gag told me that Penny was repeating Janice's method of slowly
applying the ear rings to each nipple.  One slow, agonizing rachet click at a
time.  Each little click was accompanied by a muffled scream and tightening of
Janice's muscles.  I was even able to time some of my activities to take
advantage of that as I ravaged that tight little butt hole.  All to soon it was
over.  Janice went still and Rose called me forward.

Penny stood proudly before her boss as Rose surveyed the new jewelry.  Penny had
put each ring directly through the mid-point of each very extended nipple.  The
result was that the bells hung freely below centered on each boob, buy not
touching the flesh.  The result was obvious.  The rings were going to be
impossible to hide and in the sweaters that Janice had a habit of wearing the
rings and bells were going to be very noticeable and identifiable.  Rose took
her crop and slapped Janice's already red butt.  Janice jumped in her bounds. 
She didn't move much but it was enough.  The bells sounded beautiful. Turning
first to her daughter she said "Perfect!", then turning back to Janice she added
"You taught her well." Janice rolled her eyes and moaned.

Penny looked at her now totally deflated boss and spoke "In case you haven't
figured it out yet, there are going to be some changes in the way things are
done at the shop.  Most of the other girls know about this and they all wanted
to be here to help.  I placated them by promising each a turn at you but that's
another day.  For now we have enough dirt on you and you torturous ways to have
you locked up for a long time.  So I'm sure we can all expect a new level of
cooperation at the shop ...... correct?"  Janice nodded slowly.  Penny added "I
thought so!" as she walked briskly out of the room.

Rose stepped forward and as she slowly flicked the bells on Janice's nipples
said "Now I think you need to apologize to me for hurting my dear sweet daughter
back at your shop."  Now that's the pot calling the kettle black I thought. 
Then holding each nipple ring firmly she told Nancy to release Janice from the
rack.  Rose didn't need to tell Janice not to move.  Her grip on the nipple
rings was all she needed to maintain control.

Once Janice was down from her suspension Rose led her over to a leather covered
saw horse near the center of the room.  Soon Janice's legs were spread again and
anchored to the legs of the horse. As she was bent over and her wrists attached
to the front of the horse I couldn't help to admire that now red but still
absolutely perfect butt.  Rose looked at me and said "And I have you to thank
for this little trick.  I was impressed at your ingenuity before, now I'll use
it."  Rose brought the cane throne chair and sat it directly in front of
Janice's lowered head.  Then taking a couple of the small elastics I had used on
Monique earlier I watched as Rose measured from Janice's nipple to the chair and
then back under the horse to her crotch.  Turning to Nancy she ordered "Take off
the slut's panties and make him hard" That order was easy, just looking at the
beautiful bent over butt had taken care of half of Nancy's charge already.

While Nancy did as told with a wonderful soft mouth Rose walked back across the
room and came back with a tube of KY.  Standing behind Janice she jut a small
bit on her finger and then applied it directly to Janice's tight little ass
hole.  Janice pulled at her bounds but couldn't do a damn thing about what was
obviously about to happen.  Rose then excused Nancy and reached between my legs
to attached one end of each elastic to the ring on my ball separator.  Passing
the elastics under horse and past Janice's inquisitive gaze she sat on the chair
and spoke "If you say one word when I take off that gag I will whip you until
you are unconscious.  Do you understand?"  Janice nodded enthusiastically. 
Turning to me she continued.  "You made a specific request when you got here. 
You've been a good little servant and you deserve a reward.  Just don't cum too
soon!"  Oh I wished I could have seen Janice's face with those last few words.

I watched as Rose then took the elastics and passed one each through D-rings
sewn into the crotch strap on each side of her leather body harness.  Looking up
at me she spoke again "Now gently, once only, all the way in and stay there." 
It was wonderful!  A fantasy fuck from heaven.  It was warm, tight, soft, and
probably virgin.  I don't think Janice liked it as much as me.  The muffled
scream into the gag indicated she wasn't partial to rock hard cock thrust up her
tight butt hole.  It wasn't easy, but I did as told and slowly went all the way
in and stayed there.  After Janice had settled down a bit Rose said "Remember my
warning." as she undid the strap that held the ball gag.  As the gag popped out
and Janice sucked in a big breath of air, Rose reached up pulled her head down
to her waiting pussy.  Janice didn't do anything and I was surprised when Rose
didn't do anything immediately.

Then I watched as Rose reached down and pulled the elastics tight and attached
one to each nipple ring.  Janice immediately moaned loudly and mashed her face
into Rose's crotch to try and relieve some of the pull of the elastics.  Rose
signed her obvious pleasure and spoke to me again "You may now have your peace
of ass but don't you dare come before I do.  As a matter of fact I'd prefer you
don't come until I come all three times this bitch owes me.  And Nancy, bring
those beautify big tits over here for me to play with."

Nancy and I both did as ordered.  I knew if I was going to last I would have to
take it easy.  I set up a slow rhythmic pump and tried to relax and just enjoy
my fantasy fuck.  Nancy went to Rose and had little choice but to bend over the
front of the chair, reach down to the arms of the chair for support and thus
present her chest for Rose to suck, pinch, nibble and bite.  Rose got the
elastics measured perfectly and each time I stroked in and out of that beautiful
tight little ass hole, the elastics pulled on those newly pierced nipples and
Janice mashed her face into Rose's crotch to relieve the strain.

Soon we were all moaning, some more than others.  Nancy's bent over position put
her also nice butt within my reach and I reached over to stroke it gently with
my long red nails.  She adjusted her stance to spread her legs for me and I
began to explore her very wet pussy with my nails.  Rose and Nancy each come
once quite quickly.  That almost set me off but I stopped pumping momentarily to
help hold back.  Pulling back like that wasn't easy on Janice's nipples but
noone seemed to care.  The second time I wasn't so lucky.

I really got into playing with Nancy's pussy and ass hole.  That with Janice's
squirming and Rose's vocalizations was too much for me.  And as a surprise to
all we all came together.  Yes all!.  I felt that beautiful tight ass hole
clench even more as even the pain bitch herself had her own little orgasm.  I
couldn't help myself as I pumped vigorously into that butt pulling mercilessly
on those nipples.  Nancy squealed louder than normal as Rose nibbled harshly on
her sensitive nipples and Rose flooded Janice's mouth with yet another slurp of
juice.  It had to be a glorious sight but I missed it as I had my eyes closed
while I savored one of my best ejaculations ever.

Penny didn't miss it though.  When I finally settled down enough to open my eyes
I saw her standing there smiling at us all.  "Well, that was certainly a show
stopper.  Seems I took a little too long to get ready."  That's when I noticed
she had added to her outfit.  Now strapped between her legs was a very real
looking, if not slightly enlarged penis shaped dildo.  It was flesh colored and
featured a bulbous head, ridges and veins.  It appeared to be made of a
semi-soft foam rubber and even bobbed when she walked.  Reaching between my legs
she released the elastics and I was able to step back away from Janice.  Nancy
and Rose had settled down enough by this time to separate and were watching
Penny do her thing.  Rose seemed content to let her daughter take charge.

Penny then reached for a wet cloth and wiped my still semi-erect cock.  I was
particularly sensitive and jumped a bit as she touched my own sensitive cock
head. "Oh poor dear" she said not to sincerely.  I didn't like the tone of that. 
Turning to Rose she spoke in an put on playful little girl voice "Now Mommy, you
know I had plans for this."  Pointing at my cum slowly oozing from Janice's well
fucked ass hole she continued "And you let the help here have my play things. 
Now what am I going to do?"  Rose started to speak but Penny continued in her
own playfully bratty voice "And no, I won't settle for sloppy seconds!  I want a
nice tight virgin ass to fuck.  That's what I got all dressed up for and besides
I'm worth it.  So now what?"

Oh shit!  Everyone, even Janice was looking at me!

Continued and to conclude in Part X




Part 10

I was still standing there, half in shock when I felt a slim finger lightly
slide up the crack of my ass.  Turning I was surprised to see that Rose stood
behind me and was the one lightly caressing the same butt she had enjoyed
spanking so much just a short while before.  Looking me directly in the eye as
she ran her finger around the edge of my tightly pucker ass she asked "So how
about if my little cross dressing slut maid, are you a virgin?"

Hopefully, I didn't take too long to answer.  I thought it over quickly.  It was
going to happen anyway, that was a given.  I had just had my fantasy fuck with
an ass I had been dreaming about for years.  Now I could play along and give
something back.  Besides, the way Penny had worked Janice over with those rings
deserved a reward.  She wanted virgin ass, who was I to prevent a sweet young
college girl from getting her wish "Yes, Ma'am, other than a few small butt
plugs, I am a virgin."  It was a lie, and I knew that Rose could tell, but her
smile told me she appreciated me playing along with the moment. 

Rose looked over to her daughter and clutching balls tightly in her right hand
said "We have a volunteer, not a very co- operative one, but I know how to deal
with that."  Now that wasn't what I had in mind.  I was going to co-operate, but
that's not the game Rose wanted to play.  I had made my bed, now it was time to
lie in it.  "Please, please, Mistress!  Use one of the others." My pleading
continued "I have never, I couldn't handle that.  I'll do anything else, but not
..." That's when the inflatable gag was shoved none too gentle back into my
mouth.  Any further begging or opportunity to back out was gone.  Rose smiled
and winked as she buckled the gag tight behind my head "Thanks" she whispered in
my ear "Penny will enjoy it more now thanks to you, I'll reward you for that
sometime."

Rose then spoke up for the others to hear "Nancy, bring that heavy weight over
here, and Penny my sweet, what did you have in mind?"

Before Penny could reply Janice spoke in a low subservient tone "Oh please
Mistresses, please.  I accept my own punishment, it's been due a long time.  I
understand and respect that it's not over yet, but I beg please, please may I
watch.  If you release me I will be good.  I will do my utmost best to please my
Mistress with my mouth and tongue.  You've said I owe you one more and I'll make
it the best you've ever had.  I only ask that I get to watch as that slut maid
that got me into this shares my own most recent fate."

Now I realized what I had gotten myself into.  I had just ravaged Janice on that
saw horse.  I knew her butt and ass hole were still stinging from my lust filled
attach.  And now I could very well suffer the same fate.  Rose's grip tightened
a bit on my balls as she looked over at the daughter and asked "Well?"

Penny looked down at Janice, then over at Nancy both of who were nodding their
approval.  I was shaking my head no vigorously but that was being ignored. 
Penny didn't answer directly, she just bent over and started unbuckling Janice's
wrists and ankles.  Rose stepped a little closer and whispered "Sorry, things
happened a little fast there."  Speaking even quieter she continued "Do you want
me to get you out of this?"  I looked her in the eye, tried to smile past the
gag and gave her the finger.  She smiled and replied "A true slut, I like that."

Pulling on my balls she led me over to the leather covered saw horse just as
Janice was standing up and back from it.  Speaking to Janice she said "Remember
your promise to behave.  Now bind him tightly, I don't think he'll enjoy it as
much as you did."  Janice started to say something, but Rose continued "Oh come
off it girl, I noticed your breathing change as soon as his tongue hit your ass
hole!  And we all noticed your little orgasm as he came so violently in your
butt.  Stop trying to kid a kidder.  You're a bottom, you like it, crave it, and
you'll soon be begging for more.  So get to work or you'll get it sooner rather
than later!"

Yes, Mistress" was Janice's only reply as she knelt behind me and grabbed my
ankle.  She was none too gentle as she spread my legs and tied them as widely as
possible to the legs of the horse.  Moving around front she stood beside Rose
who still had a firm hold on my balls.  Rose squeezed just a little as said "Now
bend over my little slut."  I had no choice but to comply.  Janice whispered as
she was bent over to buckle my wrists to the saw horse legs "Oh I'm going to
really enjoy this.  Be a good girl and squeal real good for me please."  Then
looking over at Penny who was pulling a condom over a very large real looking
strap-on she added "Like you'll have a choice!"

I heard Rose remind Nancy about the weight and then add "And why don't you put
it on and be a bit more creative than I was."  I knew exactly what Nancy liked
to do to men's balls and screamed into the gag and tried to get free.  By the
chuckling I heard behind me I know the girls enjoyed the show.

I know it was Nancy that came and removed the ball spreader from my cock and
balls.  She also removed some of the webbing that she had applied hours ago in
the shop.  I had to sigh as my balls hung free for the first time in hours.  My
relief was short lived as she held her hand in front of my face and showed me a
home made parachute.  This device had a leather strap that went around the
scrotum above the balls trapping them below.  Three short chains hung from the
collar and joined below in a ring with an open hook.  Any weight hung from the
hood would be suspended below and pull down on my balls.  Unlike the earlier
spreader there was no strap over my cock, so the entire weight would hang on my
balls.  I didn't like this.  I liked it even less when I saw the weight.  Nancy
made sure I got a good look as it as she presented it to me and then the rest of
the audience.  I felt her clip the weight to the hook and then ... nothing. 
After a moments suspense she pulled her hand back.

I let out a long blood curdling scream.  It was for my own benefit only.  The
girls heard nothing.  In fact their continued jeers and laughter told me they
were enjoying the show.  I even heard applause as Nancy stood up and must have
taken a bow behind me.  It took a couple of minutes but I finally managed to
settle down and as long as I didn't move the weight stayed still and was only
uncomfortable.  If I moved al all the weight started to swing and that hurt like
hell.

Nancy walked around front and knelt down in front of me.  She lifted my face to
look me in the eye and pointed at the red scratched I had put around her pussy
earlier with my nails.  "Pay backs are a bitch, as so am I!  Very simple really,
the weigh gets off when I do.  Now not a word, Rose would love to use that whip
of hers."  With that Nancy reached forward and released the air from the bulb in
my mouth and then removed the gag.  Before I even took my first breath she sat
on the chair in front of the horse and pulled my face to her crotch.  I started
eating immediately.  The sooner I could get her off the sooner I got that weight
off.!

The I heard Rose.  "Now Janice my pet, the slut was good enough to prepare you
for an ass fucking, maybe you should return the favor."  I should have guessed
that was coming.  What I wasn't ready for was her added snide warning "And do be
careful not to hit the weight with your chin.  It could cause the poor lad some
distress."  I was suddenly beginning to dislike Rose.  When I felt Janice's
nails dig into my ass cheeks and rip them apart I knew I was going to like her
even less.   True to form Janice did exactly like I had done.  One moment
nothing and then her hard hot tongue was shoved up my butt.

I normally like anal play, but this wasn't for my enjoyment.  Janice ravaged my
ass with her nails, teeth and tongue in much the same way I had done her.  Just
when I would start to enjoy it she would make a point of knocking the weight and
it would swing on my balls causing more than a little pain.  When I'd stop
eating Nancy to try and counter the swinging weight she'd grab the back of my
head and mash it into her groin almost suffocating me.  Finally we started to
get into a rhythm and I noted Nancy was starting to get wet.

Just as I thought I was getting some where I heard Rose again.  "That's enough
Janice, now get over here and do a much gentler job on my ass while we both
enjoy this" Turning to her daughter she added "Now do be gentle, he is a virgin. 
Oh and watch the weight."

She must have lubricated the condom because it went in easy.  She stood behind
me and positioned herself with just the tip in my tight back hole.  Then I heard
her say "Oh thank you Mommy, a dream come true."  And then she fucked me.  She
started slow but soon built to a mad pace.  I could tell it must have been a
double ended dildo because she was obviously being stimulated at her end.  The
were cheers and jeers from the others as even Nancy offered "You go girl!"  And
she did!

To me it was all a daze.  The weight started swinging, my balls were screaming,
and I had my face buried in Nancy's pussy as I fucked her with my tongue. 
Occasionally, I heard a squeal behind us that told me Janice was giving Rose
some serious pleasure. 

They all came at once.  Nancy literally flooded my mouth as she cam hard.  She
grabbed the back of my head and rubbed my nose into her clit as I sucked down as
much as I could.  Penny was literally beating my backside as she rammed both of
us with her double ended dildo and screamed in her own hard orgasm.  I heard
Rose too which told me Janice was good to her word and paid off her debt of
three in full.  They all had a good time.  I however was suffering from that
damn weight swinging on my balls.  I had gotten somewhat used to it by now, but
there was no way I was going to get any relief until it came off.

Finally Nancy recovered enough to reach under me and lift the weight off the
hook.  Smiling down at me she sighed and spoke softly "My god man, sorry I mean
Siss, when will you have enough?"  "What do you mean?" I replied out of
character.  "Well, look at that thing!  It sure looks ready for more to me!"

I looked between my legs and was surprised to see a part of me that had a mind
of its own.  It was as hard as steel.  The shaft was red, the head was purple
and it was so tight it was bobbing with my pulse.  The head has so engorged the
skin was pulled tight and looked like tinted mirror glass.  All of this and my
balls were still throbbing from the effects of the weight.  I learned something
about myself in that instant.  I liked it a bit rougher than I even knew.

By this time the others had noticed too but it was Rose who spoke first.  "Too
bad about that, but it will just have to wait.  The driver will be here soon,
and we have to get you all ready to head home."  Janice was quick to respond "Oh
please, may I stay?"  With that she scurried on her knees to a position behind
Penny and very gently reached up and spread her ass cheeks apart.  Even Rose was
surprised as Janice extended her tongue and ran it slowly up and around Penny's
ass hole.  "Besides, I still have to apologize for how badly I hurt you in the
shop.  Just don't make me do this there, I couldn't handle the other girls
seeing this."  With that she started licking that butt seriously.  Rose shrugged
and said "I guess you have a bed partner tonight my dear."

"And so do you." Nancy said to Rose.  That comment drought a nod and smile from
Rose as an acceptance.

Rose spoke again "Well, lets get the little slut princess ready to leave.  I
would have said home, but I understand she has other plans."  I looked
questioningly at Rose as she continued " Oh come of it you cock hungry slut! 
I've been talking to the driver and it seems you have a date for later this
evening."  My eyes must of popped as I suddenly remembered my conversation with
the driver on the way over to the house.  Rose stood up and spoke as she slunk
over to my side and then reaching over to gentle stroke the dildo that was still
strapped onto Penny she added "And from what I hear the next thing up your butt
won't be rubber!"  That brought chuckles from all the girls.  I just stared at
the floor and tried to disappear.

Nancy spoke first "Well, lets get the little girl cleaned up and ready.  We
don't want to disappoint her gentleman caller."That brought another round of
chuckles and a flurry of activity.  My arms were unbuckled from the horse I
allowed to stand straight.  Nancy knelt before me while Penny released my legs
and removed the parachute.  The she spent a few moments re-arranging the webbing
around my balls to re-create the bound balls look I had been showing all day. 
She even tightened it slightly and when I started to say something she
interrupted "This will act as a sort of cock ring.  We want your date to see
just how ready for action you are."  My blush matched the shiny purple head of
my steel hard cock..  With my legs free was unbuckled from the horse Nancy
pulled up the see through panties that did little more than accentuate the cock
and ball bondage within.

I finally thought to ask "What happened to the key that was there?"  I knew I
needed that to free myself from all this lacing eventually.  "Oh I gave that to
Rose hours ago." was Nancy's reply.  "And I gave it to the driver when he came
to pick up Trish" countered Rose.  Damn I thought, he'll probably make we work
to get it back too.  Rose worsened my fears when she added "And I think he plans
on giving it to your date when he picks him up later tonight."  Damn, damn damn. 
It was going to be a long night.

The next half hour was spent fixing up my outfit, re-applying my makeup in an
even more daring fuck my face look.  All the straps were adjusted and tightened
and my hair was redone with lots of spray to keep the look.  Basically, I looked
like a hooker that had just spent a lot of time and money to prepare myself for
a big night on the town.  When she was finally satisfied Rose stood back and
said "Perfect, and just in time.  The driver will be here soon."  Then with a
smile and more gentle voice she asked "What time is your flight in the morning?" 
I thought a bit and said "Just about noon."

"Good.  Give the driver your hotel room key.  I will have him bring all your
belongings here.  He will then bring you here early tomorrow and the girls and I
will free you for your return home.  That way you can tell us all about your
adventures on the town."  I started to say something but she interrupted "Oh
give it a rest slut, like you're not looking forward to it!"  That last remark
was made as she pointed at my still rock hard cock and all the girls laughed
knowingly.

The end

A sequel to follow.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ellie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





