BDSM Library - On the Riviera




On the Riviera
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two lovers con a rich businessman out of a million dollars in securities. He catches up with them on the Riviera where they in turn are conned and end up prisoners on his yacht "PLEASURE" and eventually into the hands of an arab.
On the Riviera
by LEONES





On the Riviera-1


The poolside at the Sheraton-Riviera was a hub of activity. Jet-setters
from all corners of the globe congregating, each one with his or her own
agenda. As usual, the weather in the south of France was mild, most of
the players wearing skimpy but fashionable swimwear, their golden tanned
bodies glistening in the shimmering sunlight, their eyes hidden and
shielded by sun glasses of all shapes and colors.

If one would look up from the poolside to the private balcony of room
1501, the two figures standing on the balcony would appear very much the
size of ants. The fifty-ish looking man exuded wealth, smartly attired
in an expensive suit and tie, the speckled gray in his hair adding a
distinguished air to his demeanor.

The black girl standing next to him was maybe twenty years his junior.
She was exquisite, her tawny skin, the color of milk chocolate was
flawless, her silky hair, coal-black and straight, hung nearly to her
waist. She wore matching white shorts and halter top with sandals on her
feet.

The man held a pair of binoculars, focused on a young blonde at
poolside. She was relaxing in a lounge chair, her back at about a
forty-five degree angle and her shapely legs fully extended, her eyes
were protected by a pair of designer sunglasses. She was petite at about
five foot two and a hundred pounds, of which twenty pounds appeared to
be tits. The rays had blended her skin perfectly, contrasting
beautifully with her near platinum hair. The yellow bikini she wore did
little to hide her delectable charms. 

The impeccably dressed man was furious.

"That's the little bitch." You've done well Jade, tracking her all the
way from the states."

The black girl smiled.

"Like I said, Mr. Devroe, I always get my man, in this case, woman."

A sardonic smiled crossed the man's face.

"But you are right in both cases, her swindling boyfriend will no doubt
be close by and then we will deal with the both of them."

Jade hesitated for a moment and then spoke.

"If you don't mind me asking Mr. Devroe, how did a highly intelligent,
successful businessman, such as yourself, get hoodwinked into handing a
million dollars worth of negotiable securities over to a blonde bimbo
like Brandi?"

Devroe was somewhat taken back by the direct and embarrassing question.

"Well, my only defense is to say, just take a look at that gorgeous
body." "It was that body and her boyfriends, actually brilliant scheme
that pulled it off." I'd rather not discuss it any further." 

The black girl knew to let the obviously, still painful subject drop.





On the Riviera-2


Knowing that Brandi was this close, actually seeing her, had re-flammed
Devroe's desire to exact his revenge, his words resounding with
impatience.

"I have several men on a flight right now, they will arrive shortly,
just let me know how many you need, what accessories you need, anything
and everything you want is at your disposal."

Jade was amused, not wanting to smile in the face of this wealthy and
well connected gentleman.

"Don't worry Mr. Devroe, I have tracked her this far, my agency and I
will take care of all the details, after all you have paid a pretty
penny." "As planned, we will be using your yacht, which I must say is
aptly named, "Pleasure." "Of course you may not recognize some of the
equipment which is now on board but all you have to do is wait on the
yacht for the goods to be delivered and the games to begin."

Jade paused for a second, smiling with delight at what she was thinking.

"You know Mr. Devroe?" "I'm going to have a little fun reeling these two
fish in." "You say that Brandi baby is bi-sexual and it just so happens,
so is yours truly and since they both have great bodies, I may as well
indulge myself at the expense of the two little love birds." 

The black girl shrugged her shoulders.

"No time like the present." "If I may be so bold Mr. Devroe, I will need
the apartment."

The man nodded his head with approval.

"No problem, Jade, I won't be here when you return."

Devroe seethed with anger, the binoculars once again focused on Brandi's
lush body. He saw a waiter approach the man sitting in the pool chair
closest to Brandi, within seconds the man got up and abruptly left the
area. What Devroe didn't see, was Jade slipping the waiter a C note.

Then he saw Jade walking towards the empty chair, heads turning in
admiration as the dark, alluring woman walked along the deck. He watched
the scene unfold and only wished that he could read lips.

Jade's voice was deep and seductive.

"Is this chair taken?"

Brandi lowered her shades until they rested on the end of her nose. Jade
could see that the young blonde was in her early twenties at best and
that her pale blues were sparkling at what they saw.

"Why, aaahhh...no, I don't think so."

The black girl extended her hand.

"My name is Jade, what's yours?"





On the Riviera-3


Brandi offered her hand in return.

"Hi, My name is Brandi."

The confident black girl held Brandi's hand in both of hers, lightly
caressing and massaging as she spoke.

"I hope that you don't find me bold Brandi, but I must confess that I
find you very attractive." "I first saw you two days ago and I've been
fantasying about you ever since."

The young blonde was stunned, many men have approached her in this
manner but never   a beautiful creature such as this. Her speech was
stammered.

'I..I...Don't know quite what to say......I'm flattered."

Jade released Brandi's hand and moved her chair closer, the side of her
thigh now pressed against the side of the young blondes thigh. Brandi
looked down at the coffee colored skin where it touched her own golden
tan, it's warmth radiating throughout her body.

Jade was not new to this routine, her primitive like sexuality seldom
failed, she knew the young blonde was snared. Jade moved closer, leaning
in, their upper torsos touching, and whispered in Brandi's ear, her hot
breath arousing and titilating Brandi as she spoke.

"I have a room here in the hotel Brandi." "If I have read you wrong, I
apologize and I will leave you alone."

The blonde's voice was raspy.

"No..no...you haven't read me wrong....please, I want you." "But my
boyfriend, Johnny, I'm supposed to meet him in the bar at seven."

Jade assured her.

"Don't worry honey, it's only three o'clock now, you'll have plenty of
time to meet your boyfriend
and I promise that you will have the experience of a lifetime. trust
me."  

As Jade led her by the hand, she glanced up towards apartment 1501.
Devroe could see the cunning smile on her face through his trusty
binoculars, then he scrambled out of the apartment.





On the Riviera-4


Jade who was some eight inches taller then the diminutive blonde took
charge of the impromptu love nest. Brandi, slightly embarrassed but
lusting openly for the black skinned beauty was more then eager to
follow Jade's lead.

"Take off your bikini Brandi, let me see you naked.

Almost nude anyway, the young blonde removed her swimwear. Brandi stood
proud in all of her naked glory, her breasts, although slightly large
for her hundred pound body were magnificent and natural.

The black amazon surveyed the golden hued beauty standing before her,
unwittingly, soon to become a victim of her own uncontrollable sexual
desires. Jade"s voice was soft, yet demanding.

"Come to me honey, remove my clothing."

Brandi could feel the desire building in her loins as she reached around
the black goddess and unhooked her halter top. Jade raised her arms,
allowing Brandi to pull the fabric free, releasing her jutting breasts
from their confinement. The impetuous young blonde mouthed Jade's right
breast, sucking the nipple.

Jade's voice remained soft but still rang with authority.

"No, no honey, remove the shorts."

Brandi nervously fumbled with the three buttons at the front of the
shorts, slipped them over Jade's flaring hips until they lay in a heap
around her ankles. Jade did not move until Brandi went to her knees,
then and only then did she step from the tangled mess, allowing the
blonde to remove them. 

"Now the panties"

Jade wore a translucent, pale green thong, her dark crinkly bush clearly
visible, the thin strap in the back fitting snugly into the crevice
between her tight bottom cheeks.

Again, she waited until Brandi was on her knees before stepping form the
thong.

"Stay there, hold that pose."

Jade stepped back, savouring the moment. The ends of Brandi's platinum
blonde hair brushed the rich, thick carpet, her titties hung like melons
on a vine.

" Alright, stand up honey."

Jade lovingly held Brandi's yearning face between her hands, kissing her
tenderly on the lips, her tongue darting and exploring Brandi's humid
cavern. She then swept the small blonde off her feet, cradling her in
her arms. Brandi fairly swooned, putting her arms around her black
lover's neck, mewing softly as she was carried to the boudoir.





On the Riviera-5


Even before they reached the bed, the two girls were lip-locked. The
scene was erotic. a naked, black amazon and a small, naked blonde with
big tits going at it, totally out of control, it was a good old fashion
Roman orgy. Their breathing was hoarse and ragged as each one attempted
to suck the others tonsils out, their relentless hands always in motion,
exploring the smorgasbord of exposed flesh.

Finally a light touch to Brandi's shoulder and she slowly and
passionately tongued and kissed her way down Jade's sleek, brown body
until she was at the apex between Jade's finely chiseled thighs. The
dark, wiry hair covering her slit was damp and moist with perspiration.
Brandi used her thumbs to delicately separate the velvety lips of Jade's
vagina, the musky odor invading her nostrils nearly drove the young
blonde wild. Almost in a frenzy, she licked the premature juices from
the folds of pink flesh, then with the flickering tip of her tongue she
tattooed Jade's pea size organ until it popped from it's protective hood
in complete surrender. Jade's clit had no chance against the expert
tongue lashing. nor wanted one. Quickly, the engorged bud was pulsing
and throbbing, screaming for release, the black girls fingers were like
talons as they dug deep into the bed spread, her wide open mouth
sounding like a steam engine. Then the inevitable, Jade's whole body
stiffened, right down to her toes, she spewed her womanly juices in
gushes, one after another, Brandi greedily lapping each one as best she
could. 

The young beauty now lay next to her lover, her blonde head resting on
Jade's chest. The black girl leisurely stroking her hair.

"That was wonderful Brandi, the best I've ever had."

Brandi beamed with pride.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it but it was my pleasure.'

Nevertheless. turnabout is fair play. would you like me to do you.?

The young blonde was ecstatic.

"Oh god yes Jade, please, I need it bad, you've really got me going, I
could easily fall in love with you."

Jade smiled, gently squeezing Brandi's breasts.

"And I could easily fall in love with those babies." "Now I have have to
use the bathroom, you turn over and when I get back I will start you off
with a nice back message, one that you won't soon forget, I promise.

Brandi was in a state of euphoria, right up until the time she felt the
needle penetrate the flesh of her right buttocks.





On the Riviera-6


Brandi screamed in pain and grabbed her rump, then turned over.

"What the hell did you do to me?"

Real panic set in when she saw the hypodermic needle in Jade's hand.

"God damn it, what did you put in me?"

The blonde's eyes were already becoming blurry but she could see Jade
standing there with a broad smile on her face.

Jade rolled the now limp Brandi over onto her stomach, a swatch of blood
was smeared across her right buttocks. The black girl crossed Brandi's
wrists at the small of her back and tied them with a length of thin cord
before flipping her onto her back once again.

Jade lifted each of the helpless young girls eye lids. As is the usual
affect of the drug, Jade could see that Brandi was fully conscience but
that her motoring skills had been incapacitated, drool was already
sipping from the corners of her listless mouth. Jade picked up the pale
green panties that she had worn earlier, she used them to wipe the
dribble from Brandi's lips and chin, then stuffed them in her mouth and
secured them in place with a scarf. She then turned Brandi onto her
stomach, crossed her ankles, tied them with cord, then forced her ankles
up to her wrists and tied them together. Jade stepped back to admire her
work and was quite satisfied with herself, she had the nifty little
blonde beauty safely secured in a nice tight hogtie.

Jade leaned over the trussed and groggy form.

"Honey, I really do want to thank you for servicing me this afternoon
but you should have remembered what your mother told you about talking
to strangers." 'You just couldn't resist trying some of this dark meat,
could you Brandi?" "Well, you never know, I may just come back for
seconds but you'll have to wait, right now I have to get ready for my
date with some guy named Johnny."





On the Riviera-7


Jade gave Johnny plenty of time to stew in his own juices at being stood
up by Brandi. It was nearly eight o' clock when she did finally enter
the bar. Jade was dressed to kill, she knew how great she looked in
white and was decked out in a low cut, white, body hugging, micro mini
dress with matching heels. 

Jade had seen Johnny during her surveillance but he was easy to spot
anyway, he was the one with the long, dejected face, staring into his
drink. He didn't see Jade approaching his table. 
"Hey sailor, buy a lady a drink?"

Startled by the sudden voice, Johnny looked up. Jade was smiling
broadly, her perfect white teeth gleaming. Johnny assumed the smile was
for him but in reality Jade was amused at seeing the same lustful look
in his eyes that she had seen in the beautiful, pale blue eyes of his
lover, who at this very moment lay in her bed, trussed up like a xmas
turkey.

Without inhibition, his eyes feasted on Jade's loveliness, her full
breasts, her long stemmed legs. Finally he stood up and spoke.

"Of course, please sit down."

Johnny signaled to the waiter. Jade ordered an extra dry martini.

The beautiful black girl raised her drink in Johnny's direction.

"My name is Jade, thank you for the drink."

Johnny's spirits were definitely picking up.

"Your very welcome sexy lady, my name is Johnny."

Jade smiled.

"Well then, thank you for the drink and thank you for the complement,
Johnny." "Do you want to talk about it Johnny?" "It doesn't take a
crystal ball to see that something is bothering you."

Johnny didn't answer but just kind of shook his head. Jade persisted.

"When a man looks like you do Johnny, it usually has something to do
with a woman." Am I right?"

Again, he didn't speak but nodded his acknowledgement. Jade took his
hand in a comforting gesture.

"Johnny, your very handsome and you seem to be a genuinely warm person,
any woman would be a fool to stand you up but this is the Riviera and
things happen."

Johnny looked up.

"What do you mean?"





On the Riviera-8


Jade arched an eyebrow.

"Well, the Riviera is a very romantic setting and it's easy to get
caught in the moment, no matter how well intended you are." "I hate to
say it but your girl could have been swept off her feet by some
casanova." "Who knows?, she might be bundled up in some cozy love nook
as we speak."

The black girl forced back her smile and remained serious and concerned.
By the time Jade had finished, Johnny was fully convinced that Brandi
was shacked up with some european stud who was fucking her brains out.

Jade unlocked the door to room 1501, reached in and turned on the light
switch. She placed one hand gently to the side of Johnny's face, kissing
him fully on the lips while her other hand cupped his manhood. She could
feel his penis moving and stirring in her grasp until it formed a hard,
giant bulge in the front of his pants.

"That's what I like Johnny, a man ready for action." 

Jade pointed towards the front bedroom.


"Alright lover boy, it won't be long now, go in the bedroom and make
yourself comfortable while I attend to a few things, there's a wet bar,
so help yourself."

Jade entered the rear bedroom. The cute little blonde with the big tits
was right where she had left her, only she was fully conscious and
mumbling incoherently into her gag.

"Well, well, I see that my little cunt licker is back among the living."

The black girl continued speaking while she inspected Brandi's bonds and
gag.

"Do you still love me Brandi?" "Would you like to use your tongue to
make me cum again?"

She tightened the young blonde's gag.

"For now, I'm afraid your going to have to get by with chewing on my
panties." "Tell me Brandi, is Johnny boy as good at sucking pussy as you
are?" "Never mind, I'm about to find out first hand, he's in the other
bedroom waiting for me right now." 
 
Brandi renewed her mewing and struggling, then squealed like a pig when
the needle, once again, not so gently, penetrated the sun- kissed skin
of her right nether globe, right next to her other puncture wound. Using
a handful of blonde hair, Jade lifted Brandi's head up, her eyes were
glassy and welled with tears in the corners, Jade let her head drop face
first into the mattress and then left to take care of Brandi's lover.





On the Riviera-9


It had been a real turn on for Jade, in a perverse sort of way, being
sucked to orgasm by Johnny while his partner and lover, unbeknownst to
him, lay bound and gagged in the next bedroom. He had performed well,
almost in Brandi's class, had even completed his task before his drugged
drink took it's toll.

The two lovers looked meek, almost embarrassed, sitting side by side on
the large divan. They were totally naked, tied hand and foot, wrists
behind their backs, ankles crossed. Brandi was still gagged with Jades
green panties and Johnny's mouth accommodated a pair of black panties
that Jade had worn to their recent rendezvous. The two lover's had both
been brought down by their own lust and the overpowering sex appeal of
the black Jezabel.

A black lady and two men, one white and one black were helping Jade tidy
and clean up the apartment, getting ready for departure. Each man turned
one of the lover's over so that their knees were on the floor and their
upper torsos were resting on the divan's cushions. 

Brandi began to struggle in ernest as she knew what was coming. This
time she let out a loud grunt when the painful needle struck it's target
very near the black and blue marks already on the right side of her
posterior. The same procedure was done to Johnny and very soon the two
love birds were still and lifeless.

Hotel management said it would be no problem with the two large steamer
trunks. Two bell hops used dollies to easily haul them to the waiting
van. The trunks were then transported by a small cabin cruiser, several
miles out to sea where they met up with a large luxurious yacht.

Brandi's mind was somewhat hazy but she was semi awake when they boarded
the yacht. She knew that she was being carried over someone's shoulder,
she could feel a hand taking liberties with the divide between her
upturned buttocks. Brandi had to read it upside down but she had no
trouble reading the large letters on the side of the boat. PLEASURE.
She was familiar with the name, in fact she had been on this yacht
several times before but certainly not under these circumstances. Brandi
knew that she was in trouble, big trouble.





On the Riviera-10


Brandi's one hundred pound frame hung freely from the ceiling, her
pendulous titties straining upwards, high on her chest. With her wrists
buckled close together into leather, fur lined straps, her naked body
swayed and rotated as if caught in a soft breeze.

She heard the cabin door open behind her, felt a pair of hands at her
waist and was turned around so that she was facing the man from which
she had stolen a million dollars, the man that she had slept with and
promised to marry.

"Your even more beautiful than I remember Brandi, I always said you had
the greatest legs I'd ever had wrapped around me." 

The young blonde's face was filled with pain and terror.

"Jason, what are you going to do to me?"

"As you well know Brandi, I am a business man and you do owe me a
million dollars plus the expense of tracking you down, which I must say
was not inexpensive." 

He traced his hands over the concave of her tummy and up her clearly
defined ribcage, distorted into prominence by the pressure of her own
weight.

"Do you have any idea Brandi, what white female flesh brings on the open
market?, especially when put together like you are." "That's what you
are right now Brandi, a commodity."

"Please don't do this to me Jason, let me make it up to you."

"How are you going to that Brandi?, spread your legs for me again?, how
much do you think your worth as a whore, anyway?" "You've got a pretty
high opinion of that skinny ass of yours."

"My arms are killing me Jason, please let me down and we can talk some
more."

"You haven't even ask about lover boy Johnny, aren't you concerned about
him.?

Devroe turned Brandi so that she was facing the curtained wall, then
used a cord to draw the curtain open, revealing a large glass window
giving full view to the adjoining cabin. Johnny was not having a good
time. He was naked, spreadeagled face down to a fourposter with a bright
red ballgag in his mouth. A bolster had been placed beneath his stomach,
raising his ass-cheeks high in the air, giving better access to the two
males playing games with him. It was quite obvious that it had been some
time since either of his tormentors had enjoyed the company of a female,
or wanted to. Devroe closed the curtain and returned his attention to
Brandi.

"Please Jason, let me down, please."

He just shook his head.

"I'm touched by the overwhelming concern for your lover, so much for
honor among thieves."

Devroe used a control button attached to wall and lowered the young
blonde until she could stand on the soles of her feet. Brandi emitted a
heavy sigh of relief. 

"Thank you Jason."





On the Riviera-11


Devroe started to speak but was interrupted by a faint knock on the
cabin door.

"Come in."

The door opened and a very old lady entered, maybe seventy, maybe older,
anyway, she was as boney as she was old. Her face was caked with makeup,
rouge, lipstick, you name it. Devroe gave her a huge smile.

"Mrs. Wilson, it's so nice to see you, I heard that you had come
aboard." "How is Mr. Wilson doing?"

The old lady kind of laughed.

"You know how it is Mr. Devroe, you can't slow down time."

She giggled again.

"He can't get it up most of the time, you know?, but I bet he could for
that pretty little thing you got got hanging there."

"Mrs. Wilson, I'd like you to meet Brandi, she's our guest of honor on
this little high seas adventure." "I'm sure that she would be more than
delighted to service your husband in anyway he sees fit."

Brandi had been through a lot these last two days but she was near
losing it now, they couldn't talk about her like she was some common
whore they picked up off the street.
Through sobs of frustration, she screamed at them.

"God damn it, both of you shut up, you can't talk to me like that, I'm
not your whore, just look at me, I'm young and gorgeous, I could be a
centerfold and you two are a skinny old bitch and a fucking aging
businessman."

 Mrs. Wilson said something to Devroe that Brandi couldn't hear but she
did see him wink at the old lady and leave the cabin.

Mrs. Wilson stood in front of Brandi who was somewhat calmed down by now
but still pissed off that she was naked and exposed in front of this old
lady.

"In case you'd like to know Brandi, I am bi-sexual."

The young blonde was less than thrilled by this information.

No shit?, old lady, that really makes my day.'





On the Riviera-12

Brandi received two slaps to the side of her face in rapid succession,
not devastating blows but certainly hard enough to get her attention.
The old lady now spoke with a new authoritative tone in her voice.

"Listen to me you little punk, before I'm through with you, you will
show me respect and you will address me as Mrs. Wilson." "There was a
time when I was known as mistress Beatrice." "You think your gorgeous,
you think your centerfold material, do you?" "Well' I had movie starlets
quaking and kissing my boots before you were a glint in your papa's
eyes."

"Fuck you old lady, your living in the past."

"That may be true but thanks to Mr. Devroe, the past is now the present
and you're ass belongs to me for the time being.  

Old lady Wilson went to the control panel and pressed a button, when
Brandi was just barely on the balls of her feet, she screamed.

"No, no more.............Mrs. Wilson."

Wilson stopped the pulley device and approached the beautiful young
blonde who was performing a tap dance routine on the tips of her toes,
to relieve the renewed strain on her shoulders.

"That's better, show some respect to your elders, and superiors, I might
add."

"Please Mrs. Wilson, will you lower me back down?, my shoulders are
killing me, I was hanging up here long before you got here."

"Maybe in a minute or two, but right now I think that you need a lesson
in humility, young lady."

Humility she did learn. Brandi stood helpless and naked. tittering
precariously on tip toes, arms secured above her head while this very
old lady explored her firm, young body at her own leisure. Wilson did
take her time, enjoying the young girls exquisite feminine charms.
Brandi revulsed as she felt the old lady's feeble hands exploring her
body and testing her young flesh, mostly it was humiliation but Brandi
did wince in pain when her rear passageway was violated and again when
the old lady got a little rough with her tits. Brandi was surprised but
relieved that Wilson had practically ignored her vagina, the old lady
had fondled her between the legs, and pulled, almost playfully on the
rubbery lips at the entrance but did not actually penetrate her
sanctuary. When Wilson had finished the tour of the Brandi's  wares, she
lowered the young blonde so that she stood on the soles of her feet once
again. Brandi hated that she must thank the person that had just
violated her and taken unwanted liberties with her naked flesh, but she
did.

"Thank you Mrs. Wilson."

"Good girl sweetie, looks like your a quick learn."





On the Riviera-13

"Now that we have you somewhat comfortable, I'd like to explain the
agenda for at least the next couple of hours." "As you might have
surmised by now, if you are bright enough, I am, or as you put it so
kindly, was a dominatrix." "Admittably, It has been sometime since I've
had a morsel as delicious as you at my mercy, and believe me, you are at
my mercy." "Due to your arrogance, my first choice would be hurt you,
hurt you badly but I'm feeling kindly today and I will offer you my
second choice which is playing some harmless cum games, probably
involving my husband at some point." Of course, my days of orgasms are
behind me, it was you my dear that I was referring to, I would like to
make you cum, and who knows, you might even enjoy it." "It's actually
been awhile for my husband too, but I'd like to at least give him a
crack at you, he might even be ablr get it up once he gets a load of
your knockers." "So, what will it be sweetie, do I get my first choice
or do want me to get you off?'

Brandi's mind was frozen on the distasteful image of this old hag
playing games with her clit, and what vile act she would have to perform
for her husband. It was too much for her to comprehend.

"No way, You stay away from me you old fart."

Wilson just shook her head.

"Looks like I over estimated your learning abilities."

Without speaking another word, Wilson went to a cabinet and returned
with a riding crop and two alligator clips. The old lady squeezed open
one of the clips so that the frightened blonde could clearly see the
jagged edges before she released the spring, snapping the piranha like
teeth into the tender flesh of Brandi's right nipple. The pain was so
intense that it took Brandi's breath away, then she screamed in agony,
writhing in her bonds as the angry, sharp teeth bit deeper into her
throbbing nipple.

"AAAAAHHHHHRRRRR."

Wilson opened the second clip, revealing the same saw like teeth. Brandi
was trying desperately to regain her breath, her voice was humble and
urgent.

"Oh god, Mrs. Wilson. I want to cum, I want you to make me cum."

The young blonde sobbed, her voice now whinny.

"I want to cum, I want to cum, I want to cum."

"I thought you'd eventually see it that way sweetie, most of those
uppity starlets I used to deal with were the same way, they would gladly
suck my pussy to avoid a little punishment." "I do have sort of a
irresistible charm, don't you think?"





On the Riviera-14

The elderly lady approached the sobbing young girl who was twisting and
pulling in violent motions, trying to break free from her restrictive
bonds. Wilson moved to the rear of the girl and grabbed a handful of
platinum blonde hair with one hand and jerked Brandi's head straight
back, then reached around with the other hand and placed it across her
stomach. She could hold the frantic young girl fairly immobile with this
leverage. Wilson whispered into Brandi's ear.

"Calm down Brandi, just take it easy.

Brandi was all out crying now, her words a pathetic begging.

"I want you to make cum, please make me cum."

"OK Brandi, hold real still."

Wilson reached up with the arm she had around the girls waist and
removed the alligator clip from Brandi's tortured nipple. Several small
arteries of blood spread out on the aureole, forming a starfish around
the wounded bud.
Brandi moaned out loud, then went still, Wilson thought the young girl
had fainted, her head lolling lifelessly forward when she released the
hold on her hair. 

Wilson removed an ammonia capsule from a tin kept in the cabinet and
broke it in half beneath Brandi's nostrils, the blonde bobbed her head
two or three times and let out a coughing gasp.

"Good girl sweetie, can't have you going to sleep on us, now can we?"

Wilson stooped down and crossed Brandi's slender and shapely ankles,
tied them with cord, then secured them to a ring bolt anchored to the
floor.

It was back to reality for Brandi, It was one thing to submit when her
nipple was being chewed up but now she had to face the fact that this
skinny old hag was tying her up and doing just most anything to her that
she pleased, and she didn't' like it one bit. 

"Hey, what the hell are you doing?, Why do you have to tie my legs?"

"If you must know, I'm changing your position and I don't want you
getting any funny ideas and remember your manners or I'll have those
clips eating your nipples alive.?" "Would you like that, honey?"

Brandi nodded her head in the negative.

"I didn't hear you sweetcakes."

The beautiful young blonde hated answering to this has been, almost
rebelling, then thought better of it.

"I'm sorry Mrs. Wilson, no I wouldn't care for the clips again."





On the Riviera-15

Wilson stepped behind her captive, reached up and unfastened her wrists
from the overhead pulley chain, staying cautiously out of reach, which
really wasn't necessary as the blonde's crossed and tethered ankles made
standing almost impossible, using her outstretched and wavering arms for
balance.

"Alright blondie, I want you to lower yourself to the floor.'

"Please Mrs. Wilson, I can't do it from this awkward position, not with
my feet tied.

"You can do it, just start squatting, that's all you have to do."

Brandi was starting to seethe again, her anger mounting, this old lady
was making a fool out of her. The young blonde began to slowly bend her
knees, then lost her balance and despite putting her hands behind her,
her ass cheeks hit the floor with a hard thud, forcing a loud grunt to
escape through Brandi's mouth.

Wilson laughed out loud.

"I knew that you could do it but I didn't think that you would use such
an undignified approach."

Brandi remained silent.

"OK sweeetie, lay flat on your back, place your hands on the floor
behind you, with your wrists crossed and keep them as far from your head
as possible."

The beautiful blonde laid on her back and submissively placed her
crossed wrists on the floor, well above her head. The old gal tied
Brandi's wrists together, then pulled on them, further stretching the
blonde's one hundred pound frame, then secured them to a ring bolt
attached to the floor. Wilson looked down at her tightly secured
captive.

"Honey, you look like you have twenty pounds of tit laying on your
chest, my old man will just eat those up."

Wilson took a minute or two before stooping over and untying Brandi's
ankles, when she stood up, the young girl could hardly believe her eyes.
The old lady stood there in a pair of frilly blue panties and matching
bra. She looked to be nothing more than wrinkled skin and bones. Wilson
posed for the young blonde girl.

"You like?, sweetie."

She pointed to the right side of her panties.

"Monogrammed and everything, B.W.,Beatrice
Wilson, pretty snazzy, huh?"





On the Riviera-16


"Yea, you look just marvelous."

"Alright, you smart ass bitch, what was it you said you were?"
"Gorgeous?" "A centerfold?" "And what was I now?" " Oh yea, an ugly old
lady, right?"

"Unless you want those alligator teeth, rather than my finger on your
clit, you'd better spread your legs for this ugly, old lady, and I do
mean wide, point your toes towards the opposite walls."

Brandi's sun tanned legs were splayed to their fullest when Wilson knelt
between them, her feet extended, her toes pointing outwards. The old
lady looked at Brandi, with a smile, her face caked with makeup, then
held up her snarled and crooked index finger. Brandi closed her eyes,
turned her head to the side and then felt the deformed digit invade her
womanhood. The beautiful blonde's face blushed with shame, her eyes
teary with rage. Wilson quickly found Brandi's clitoris, causing the
distressed blonde to instinctively close her legs.

"Your only getting one warning honey, point those toes or I'll have
those alligator teeth chewing on your love bud."

It was euphoric for the out of retirement dominatrix, a sexual high to
see the beautiful blonde obediently spread her legs upon command. Wilson
was experienced at domination and well versed in most all fetishes but
it had been sometime she had had someone with Brandi's attributes under
her control. The cruise was definitely rejuvenating her sexual interest.

Brandi laid passively but voiced protests while the old lady teased and
messaged her clit with the tip of her finger. Wilson continued until she
could feel the tiny organ swell and expand in size. She then spread the
lips of Brandi's vagina until it looked like a peeled fig, the girl's
pelvis jerking involuntarily as a gush of cool air rushed into the
exposed channel. Brandi's slightly glistening clit stood proud and erect
at the entrance to the narrow, pink passageway. Wilson couldn't resist,
she held the appendage between her thumb and index finger. Brandi
stiffened her whole body and held her breath as the old woman gingerly
squeezed the very essence of her femininity. Wilson's voice was soft,
almost soothing.

"Relax Brandi, you've got a nice one, almost like a little penis."

The very thought of this old bag bringing her to term was repulsive and
humiliating to the beautiful young girl.

"Please Mrs. Wilson, don't do this to me, I beg you."

"Sorry sweetie pie, your begging only turns me on."





On the Riviera-17

Young Brandi was about to find out that the old battle axe was no novice
when it came to sapphic love making. She continued to use her finger to
stimulate Brandi's sex organ, it felt different to the young girl, like
the old lady had something on her finger, something that she had never
felt or experienced before. Brandi could feel the intense heat engulfing
her loins, like a raging fire. She couldn't control her pelvis, she
didn't want to, it was moving in perfect rhythm with the magical finger,
her mouth was wide open, her heavy, rapid breathing blowing hot air into
the room. Brandi's rapidly moving cunt became voracious, trying to
devour the ever present, wonderful digit. She maniacally pulled at her
bonds, her screams of ecstasy echoing off the walls.

"Oh god..oh god...yes...yes...do it to me"

Brandi could feel the throbbing beat of her clit and the impending
explosion when Wilson suddenly removed her finger from the blonde's
rapidly lubricating slit. Brandi's voice was desperate.

"Please Mrs. Wilson, don't leave me like this, please finish me off."

"I thought you were the gorgeous one, a centerfold model and didn't want
to have anything to do with an ugly old broad like me."

Brandi traded her last shrewd of dignity for an orgasm.

"I'm not gorgeous, I'm not a centerfold, I'm your own personal slut, do
with me as you will."

And Mrs.Wilson did just that, Brandi's cunt spewed her womanly juices
long after the old lady had removed her finger. Brandi lay in her bonds,
totally spent, her stomach still quaking from occasional tremors. To
Brandi's chagrin, Jason Devroe and Jade entered the cabin.

They both surveyed the perspiration sheened blonde with interest. Jason
was the first to speak.

"My, my, it looks like the two love birds have been busy, let's have a
closer look."

Jason grabbed Brandi's right ankle and raised it until she resembled a
wishbone, leaving nothing between her legs to the imagination. The
terrain between her thighs was covered with the pearly essence of
Brandi's gamy secretions.

Jason looked over at Jade.

"Looks to me like Mrs. Wilson did a real job on her." 

Mrs. Wilson interjected.

"It's a little trick I learned a long time ago. I'll let you in on it
someday."





On the Riviera-18

Jade bent down on one knee next to the bedraggled blonde. Using one
hand, she squeezed Brandi's cheeks together as you would a small child.

I'm jealous Brandi, only yesterday you told me that you loved me and
today I catch you making it with Mrs. Wilson, are you that fickle?"

The young blonde's pale blue eyes were glazed and unseeing as Jade spoke
to her. The beautiful black amazon leaned over and kissed Brandi fully
on the lips, probing the young blonde's mouth with her soft, sweet
tongue, then whispered in her ear.

"Yesterday you thought you were going to get some of that in your greedy
little pussy, didn't you?"

Brandi turned her face away from the mocking black girl.

Devroe looked to Mrs. Wilson.

"Do you have further plans for the charming Ms. Brandi?"

"Well, I would like to have my husband get a crack at her, it's been
awhile since he's been able to get it up but with a nice little bod  and
a set of tits like she has, you never know." "It would be a nice treat
for him."

"I have no problem with that, there are several guests on board that
would enjoy an exiting show and it is a very nice day, do you think that
your husband would mind getting his action on deck?"

"I'm sure that he wouldn't Mr. Devroe, my husband has never been shy,
he's a real extravert."

"I remember him as such or I wouldn't have suggested it Mrs. Wilson."

Mrs. Wilson was really getting into this now.

"Have your guests on deck in half an hour and I will have everything set
up by then."

Brandi screamed as Jason and Jade left the cabin.

"Jason, please help me. I'm sorry for what I did, please save me."

The door slammed shut behind them.

Wilson looked down at her captive.

"Ok honey, this is how it's going to work, so listen up, any mistakes on
your part and your chopped liver." Now my husband's name is Rob
and.....................................................................





On the Riviera-19

Just about on schedule Mrs. Wilson and Brandi made their appearance on
deck. About a dozen guests were in attendance, split fairly even between
male and female, with of course the two gay males. They were sitting in
chairs in the large open area right beneath the bridge, three or four
deckhands were standing in the general area. Most were wearing either
swimwear or shorts, except for Rob Wilson, who was nude. Also nude and
laying bound, hand and foot at the feet of one of the gays was Johnny,
his head was covered with a black hood with open slits only at the nose,
his penis was held in check by a male chastity device made of metal.

Wilson was leading a naked Brandi by a leash attached to the leather
collar around her neck. The beautiful young girl was on her hands and
knees, metal bracelets around her wrists were attached by a twelve inch
chain, on her feet she wore white high heeled pumps, one of Rob's
fetishes, her mouth was stuffed with blue material, held in place by a
white scarf.

The crowd murmured as they approached, Brandi's pace limited by the
restrictive chain between her wrists. Her head was low, her magnanimous
breasts whipping and bouncing unheeded as she crawled on hands and
knees. When they were some ten feet from the guest of honor, Wilson
yanked on the leash, the young beauty coming to heel by the old lady's
left leg. Wilson unhooked the leash from Brandi's collar and as one
would have a puppy, go fetch, she pointed to her husband.

Brandi didn't hesitate, she continued her arduous trek until she was at
the feet of Rob Wilson. She could see that the old man was over seventy,
but unlike his skinny wife, was actually in pretty good shape for his
age, he was probably a pretty nice hunk at one time. Brandi tried not to
look at his cock but knew that she would shortly become very intimate
with it, it was flaccid and spongy lookng, not something that she would
want to suck on or have stuck in her pussy,  both of which were distinct
possibilities.  Old Rob was not the least bit embarrassed with what was
going on, he had been in many similar situations during his time,
especially with a dominatrix for a wife.

Rob reached behind the blonde's head and unfastened the scarf holding
her gag in place and removed the blue material from Brandi's mouth, he
received the response that he totally expected.

"Thank you Mr. Wilson."

Rob unfolded the blue material and held up the pair of blue panties for
all to see, pointing to the monogrammed initials.

"B. C. Beatrice Wilson."

The crowd clapped, Rob winked at his wife. He then looked at Brandi and
smiled.

"Don't be bashful darlin."





On the Riviera-20


Brandi stood up, her legs were something to behold, but accentuated by
her white pumps, they rivalled  even her magnificent set of titties. She
straddled the old man's naked lap, facing towards him, then pulled his
contented face into her massive mammaries, playing with the back of his
neck as she caressed him gently against her soft flesh, the guests
enjoying the full view of her tight, sun kissed buns.

The old man surprised the young girl, aggressively pressing his lips
against her's, she opened her mouth, yielding to the unwanted tongue as
it vigorously lashed and licked at her humid, unprotected cavern. He
pushed her off his lap, onto her knees, in front of him. using her
shoulders he guided her until her breasts were laying directly on his
still limp penis. As instructed, her wrist chain allowing just enough
freedom, she captured his penis between her breasts and moved her upper
torso, up and down in short rapid motions. Rob pushed on her shoulders
again until Brandi's apathetic face was inches from his now stirring
penis, her eye lashes fluttering with nervous agitation. The old man
tutored the young blonde in the art of cock sucking, and she followed
his instructions to the letter. Brandi lifted his manhood out of the
way, then used the full plain of her soft, pink tongue to lick his
testicles, she took both sacs into her mouth, the guests stirred at the
sight, the young blonde's cheeks were puffed and bloated. Brandi could
feel the arousal in Rob's testicles as they moved and grew inside her,
she gurgled a protest as her cheeks protruded even further, Rob's
straining, erect penis was now resting against her nose, partially
blocking her sight, the young girl was both amazed and alarmed at it's
enormity. Brandi took the bulbous head into her mouth, embracing it with
the circle of her full lips, her tongue lapping up the premature
secretions. Rob pulled the lethargic beauty back up onto his lap, still
facing him, her legs at the side of his chair, her pumps resting on the
deck. He had her raise up slightly while he reached under and placed his
huge, throbbing red knob against the portal of her vagina, the beauty
gasped with alarm as she lowered herself, his giant sex-staff filling
the tight sleeve of her pussy. Rob was surprisingly strong, his hands
were around Brandi's slender waist, moving her up and down on his lap in
rapid motion, Brandi grunted out loud in unison with each driving
penetration, her breasts slapping delightfully against Rob's face in
wild abandonment. The guests could see Brandi's bottomcheeks yawn and
contract with each plunge and withdrawal of Rob's lust-stiffened penis
as it plundered her cringing channel. Then with a sudden change of
emotions, Rob had the young girl back on her knees, standing over her
like a rutting animal, with his manhood, curved like a saber, pointing
upwards, towards the clear blue sky.





On the Riviera-21


Brandi protested vehemently against her upcoming prospectus, but the old
man grabbed locks of blonde hair in both hands and with the engorged
glands of his prick turned her protests into gurgling, pathetic sounds.
He transformed Brandi into a mere receptacle for his pent up lust,
willing or not, her participation was not needed. He fucked the young
girls mouth, his overloaded testicles slamming heavily against her chin
as he ramroded and deep throated her with his log like member. Rob's
eruption was dramatic, his hips jerked spasmodically as he jetted his
semen down Brandi's flooded throat, each time she'd swallow it and try
to breath, the old man's hips would jerk and he would fill her mouth
again, finally he released her hair and as she pulled away, she caught
his spermy splashes in her eyes and nose.

Brandi laid on the deck, humbled and broken, while the guests gathered
around the old man congratulating him on his splendid performance.

Mr. Devroe asked the two gays to take Brandi below deck, make her
presentable and then bring her back so that other guests might enjoy her
special talents. Brandi was crying hysterically as they led her away,
still in chains, one gay on each arm. 

When they returned with her, she was still naked but her chains had been
removed, each homosexual holding firmly to an arm. She did look lovely,
her sperm incrusted body had been scrubbed clean and her hair had been
well groomed. In the area where she had previously performed, the chairs
had been removed and replaced with an eight foot by eight foot, white,
three inch thick pad. Jason led Brandi by her left wrist to the pad and
had her sit down in the middle of the eight by eight square. He then
locked a metal cuff around her right wrist, attached a four foot chain
to it and then ran the chain to a ring bolt cemented into the deck just
outside the perimeter of the padding. Brandi could move around pretty
good on the padding but couldn't go much farther. The beautiful young
blonde presented an exiting and erotic tableau to the guests, Brandi's
sun darkened skin was highlighted in detail against the snow white
background of the pad, it could have easily been the set for a Playboy
shoot. Jason Devroe addressed his eager guests.

"May I have your attention for just one minute?" "I want all of you to
know that the lovely Ms. Brandi is available to each and every one of
you, her sole purpose for being her is to satisfy your needs, I'm sure
that you will find the padding very comfortable." "For those of you that
are a little bit shy, arrangements can be made for Brandi to spend time
in your quarters." "Have fun on the Pleasure."





On the Riviera-22


Naked and chained, Brandi nestled on her eight by eight, forced domain,
on her stomach, her head resting in the crook of her right arm. She
raised to a sitting position when she heard someone approaching. It was
a handsome thirty something man, the skimpy briefs he wore scarcely
hiding the bulge in his crotch. He sat down next to the young girl.

"That old man really stuffed it down your throat, didn't he?"

Brandi didn't answer, turning her head away.

He grabbed Brandi by the shoulder and turned her around.

"Look at me when I speaking to you, do you understand?"

"Yes sir, I do."

The man stood up and removed his briefs, revealing a semi-hard erection.

"Kiss it for me Brandi, don't lick it or suck it, just kiss it, all
over."

The restrictive chain rattled as Brandi raised to her knees. The young
blonde plied the man's scrotums and pecker with soft, succulent kisses
until his shaft was bone-hard.

"You did fine, now turn around, get on your knees, face to the pad, ass
high in the air."

Brandi assumed the humiliating position demanded of her.

"Arch your back more, get your ass higher."

The young blonde hollowed her back, pushing her posterior into
prominence, the velvety lips of her vagina and everything between her
rear cheeks was on vulgar display. Brandi's whole body shuddered at the
sudden touch of the man's fingers as they explored the cleft between her
quivering mounds. Then she felt a pressure against the tight seal of her
vulva, only it wasn't a finger, she groaned in misery as she felt his
iron-like rod stretch the inner tissues of her most intimate flesh. With
a hand on each of Brandi's hips, he pummelled the young blonde doggy
style, with her face buried in the pad,  the tight sleeve of her pussy
was forced to accommodated the full measure of his manhood. The man's
rapid, uneven breathing signaled the impending orgasm, he pumped
Brandi's cunt with the full complement of his seed, then withdrew.
Without fanfare, he departed, leaving Brandi on her stomach, her
slightly parted slit oozing with the remnants of his deposit.





On the Riviera-23


The line of takers continued throughout the day, male and female alike,
Brandi was used like a punchboard, none of her orifices were ignored or
overlooked, her rear passageway was seriously violated, her sphincter
muscles ruptured and bleeding, she even reamed out one of the women's
poop shoot and as fate would have it, she spent the night between good
old Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, even sucking Beatrice to a climax. Thankfully,
Brandi was allowed to recuperate most of the next day

That evening the two homosexuals preened and polished Brandi, her
platinum blonde hair was straight, as usual, but brushed and combed to a
shinny luster, her makeup immaculate. The simple, black cotton dress she
wore was strapless, leaving her shoulders bare but completely hiding her
breasts beneath the thin fabric, the hem line was well above her knees,
showcasing her trim, shapely legs in fine fashion, it hugged her body
like a glove, leaving no guess work that she wore no panties or bra
underneath. She sported a smart pearl necklace around her neck and
white, patent leather pumps on her feet.

They escorted her to Jason Devroe's quarters where he and two arab
appearing people were eating dinner. The man was attired in the
traditional middle east dress, while the much younger girl wore jeans
and a tee shirt. What caught Brandi's attention most was Johnny, who
hung by his wrists in the corner, naked and gagged, his mouth sucking on
a large, black, rubber penis.

Brandi was left standing in this unusual scenario while the trio
continued with dinner, the two men paying her no mind, while the girl
was much more interested, glancing repeatedly in her direction.

Jason conversed with the other gentleman.

"So Mr. Tahi, this is your daughter's eighteenth birthday coming up?

The man took in a breath and sighed.

"Yes, I'm afraid so, Kyra is so spoiled and out of control, just look
how she's dressed, blue jeans, her grandmother would die all over again
if she saw her dressed like that." "Of course on the streets of our
country, she dresses traditionally but in the palace and other countries
outside of the middle east, she dresses as she pleases."

Amused, Jason smiled and Tahi went on about his unusual daughter.

"Kyra has everything under the sun, but now she wants a pair of slaves
for her birthday, we have many slaves in our palace, Africans and
europeans but no, she wants Americans, she really hates Americans.





On the Riviera-24


"Well, Mr. Tahi, I think that your daughter will be more than pleased
with our set, they were actually lovers before their capture, which
could lead to some amusing turn of events, as you know, Kyra has already
made a preliminary evaluation of the male half of the tandem."

All eyes turned towards Johnny, who still hung by his wrists in the
corner. With dinner near completion Jason inquired if anyone was
interested in desert, that's when the young arab girl spoke up.

"I think desert is standing in the middle of the room."

Now all eyes turned in the direction of the young blonde, who was
nervously shifting her weight from one leg to the other, while
contemplating her dubious future.

The young arab girl stood up from the table and rummaged through a
medium size bag that she had brought with her. When she approached
Brandi, she proved to be several inches taller and several pounds
heavier than the diminutive blonde. Brandi offered no resistance when
Kyra handcuffed her wrists behind her back. Jason and her father just
sat back and enjoyed the show as the arab girl took charge of the
matters at hand, after all it was she who would have to approve the
purchase of the two slaves. Just as casually as one would shoo a fly
away, Kyra pulled the front of Brandi's dress down, fully exposing her
quaking breasts, she cupped them in the palms of her hand, as if testing
their weight. 

"She has big ones father, especially for such a runt." "Do you like
that?"

"That's not for me to say, it is you Kyra, who must be pleased, she will
be, after all, your present, from me." "Besides, we have facilities
right in the palace to reduce their size, if that is your wish."

Kyra pushed Brandi's dress up over her hips so that it was now bunched
around her waist, then bent her forward, over the table, so that she was
standing in her white pumps and her chest was resting on the table's
surface, The young arab donned a pair of rubber surgical gloves that she
retrieved from her bag of goodies and then spread Brandi's ass-cheeks
for inspection. 
"See here?" She pointed out to the two men.

"Her anus is inflamed and bleeding from yesterdays activity because her
entrance is too small, her sphincter muscles too tight, it is not right
for a slave to subject her user to such unworthiness." "Please hand me
that jar, if you will?"





On the Riviera-25

Kyra coated the gloved index finger of her right hand with vaseline.
Brandi tried to climb the table, when the digit pressed against the
sensitive, defenseless tissues or her rear passage. The young arab girl
calmly grabbed Brandi's tangled dress and held her in place. The young
blonde American was begging for mercy.

"Please, not there, you'll kill me, Jason, please help me, if you ever
loved me."

"Sorry lover, it's much too late for that.

While Kyra continued her clinic for the two men, the young blonde's
protests were reduced to animal-like mewing.

"See how her sphincter muscles grab my finger, instead of relaxing for
easy access, then see when I withdraw how her little brown wafer pouts
outward, not wanting to let go." " That's certainly no way for a slave
to respond to her mistress, but it is easily remedied with a little
training and a big fat dildoe."

Kyra turned Brandi over so that her back was on the table, trapping her
manacled wrists beneath her, her white pumps dangling in mid-air. After
removing her gloves, the young arab girl spread Brandi's thighs,
examined her vagina, pretty much as a gynecologist would. 

"I'm relieved father, she still has her clitoris, I've always wanted to
circumcise an American."

Her father smiled, an amazed Jason almost felt sorry for Brandi, the
thought of a beautiful, young, American blonde in the hands of an arab
sent shivers shooting down his spine.

"My darling daughter, that little procedure can easily be performed
right on board our cruise back home, if you can't wait."

A fair price was agreed upon and the deal was made, in the dark of the
night, both slaves were transferred to the large arabian ship. The next
day, in mid-afternoon, on the high seas, Brandi's desperate voice could
be heard loud and clear from behind the door to Kyra"s quarters.

"Please mistress, don't do this to me, I will do anything you ask, just
try me, anything at all and I will do it for you, just don't cut me,
please."

Tahi just shook his head.

"My darling daughter is one of a kind."

......................THE END..............





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





