BDSM Library - White Slave




White Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: These poor girls lived miserable lives in big city. No matter what background they had, what other destiny they could have?
                                  White Slave




                                  White Slave
                                   Chapter 1

      Margaret Sorenson spilled another quarter-cup of Spic 'n Span into the
plastic wash bucket and swirled it around with her delicate hand, feeling the
grit instantly dissolve into sterile suds.  She churned the suds to life and
dipped her scrub brush into the hot soapy water to continue the humble task of
scrubbing years of accumulated wax from the yellowed floor of her landlord's
kitchen.  Her modest red and white checkered house dress, still speckled with
furniture polish from yesterday's house cleaning, pulled across her lap to
expose her slim thighs.  Margaret poked a finger to tuck a strand of blonde
hair behind her nape-tied scarf and, wiping a purling drop of sweat from her
unwrinkled brow with a swipe of her sudsy hand, sat up to admire the rewards of
her plebeian task.  In an arm's stretch semi-circle around her, an oasis of
white glistened in a desert of sandy yellow.  Another two hours of sweating and
scrubbing and backache, and she would have worked off one week's rent here at
her Geary Street apartment in downtown San Francisco.  But the thirty-eight
year old woman refused to complain; at least she had a roof over her head,
which was a lot more than many women in her situation could brag of.

      The proud Swede had seen many an unfortunate woman in the social security
collection lines.  Single women, many not over forty, bent and stunted from
malnutrition and medical neglect, a hive of buzzing, scraggly children at each
side, pulling on her work-wearied body, each claiming a part of a mother who
hadn't the energy left to enjoy her blessing of motherhood.  And in the welfare
lines too... unkempt, dirty hair, worn-down heels on blistering over-sized
shoes bought for a quarter at St. Vincent de Paul's.  The poverty and humility
brought tears to Margaret's eyes.  No, she would never resort to such poverty,
even now in her widowed years.  She would work off her debts with honest
physical labor and not complain how many backaching hours it took to satisfy
Roger Blasser's insistent demands.

      After all, as landlord's go, he had been sympathetic enough to appreciate
her dour situation since Sandor was killed in the construction accident down
south of Market Street.  Then, too, her poverty was only a temporary
inconvenience; the union lawyers were working overtime trying to get a court
date to settle the lawsuit involving Sandor Sorenson's needless death in the
explosion that rocketed him twenty feet in the air to crash on the steel beams
still loaded on the flat-bed truck below.  When the case was finally settled,
the union lawyers anticipated a $500,000 settlement for his death, plus another
$100,000 for her trauma and personal loss; that didn't include either of
Sandor's two life insurance policies that would come due in two months.

      When her ship came in, she'd pack up her modest belongings and buy a
ticket back to Sweden where her relatives were crying for her.  But that was in
the future and the thirty-eight year old husbandless blonde realized she must
cope with the squalor of her existence until she could free herself.  She would
put up with the wheezing hydraulic brakes of the city's busses that roared
beneath her bedroom window, and the cockroaches that infested every openly
seeping draining in the soon-to-be condemned apartment house where a
conglomerate of centurians, widows, taxi drivers, hippies left over from the
flower days of Haight Street, and single-parented children hovelled in the
ruins of what was once an elegant place to call home.  It had its amenities,
too.  The rent was extraordinarily cheap for San Francisco, and transportation
was readily available for people like Margaret who couldn't afford a car. Then,
too, the landlord would accept excuses when the rent was late, like now; or
better, still, he would accept what humble labor she could offer in exchange
for a place to call home.

      In the three years she had occupied her third floor one-bedroom apartment
here on Geary Street, she had grown comfortable and had made friends with some
of the occupants who shared the ten-story eyesore.  After Sandor's death the
widower from upstairs whose television set she had tolerated at three o'clock
in the morning for three yeas without protest, ingratiated himself by inviting
her up for coffee and to watch the afternoon soap operas. And Lola from across
the hall had invited her to Saturday afternoon Matinees.  So it wasn't as if
nobody appreciated her loss.  Roger, too, had invited her to his apartment on
several occasions, a truth which brought a blush to her cheeks and she kneed
over to the far corner of the kitchen, pushing her sloshing mop bucket along ahead of her.

      Roger... she mused, watching the water drip from the natural bristle
scrub brush before descending it to the floor.  Roger had been more than kind.
Sandor wouldn't approve of her cooking and cleaning for another man, she
thought guiltily; but what was she to do?  Spend the rest of her life holed-up
crocheting and mending house-dresses?  Ah, it was silly!  There wasn't anything
between she and Roger.  Margaret levered herself to her knees and elbows and
dug the brush into the yellowed linoleum, watching cakes of dirt and wax lift
like magic.  But her mind wasn't on the floor, it was on Roger.  Roger would be
home soon, and for some unexplainable reason, she didn't want him to see her on
elbows and knees like a common scrub lady.  she was only thirty-eight; she had
time to live... and love.

      Oh, sure, he'd kissed her one time and hugged her, lifting her off the
floor with his strong Arabian arms.  But that was just kidding around, nothing
serious.  Roger liked women, Margaret knew with a small pang of jealousy. She'd
seen several women, all dressed for the night club and heavily made-up, leaving
his apartment at strange hours.  Margaret sat up on her haunches, yanking down
her dress that had hiked up to her thighs.  Yes, she reasoned generously, Roger
should have many women, he surely had the looks of a lady's man with his black
thick hair and rich tanned skin.  For a man of forty-five, he still carried
himself in a dignified manner, straight and tall and strong. Margaret liked
that.  Sandor had been a strong man.

      Tonight she would cook for him.  Oh, he wasn't subtracting anything off
of the rent for her kitchen labors, but he'd once said he loved meatballs and
gravy, and Swedish meatballs was her dish -- and it would be good having a man
praise her cooking again.  It had been so long... so darned long since she'd
had anything to look forward to.
                                  *    *    *
      Margaret had cleared the gravy-smeared plates and run warm water from the
dripping faucet to rinse them off before the cockroaches decided it was time
for a meal and came lurking out of the woodwork in silent armies.  In the
living room off the kitchen, she could hear the television set's scratchy roar;
it sounded like a baseball game.  Suddenly she remembered the world series
season was upon fans everywhere; Sandor had always watched it, too, sitting in
his favorite overstuffed chair, nursing a can of cold beer.  The remembrance
brought a smile to her lipsticked lips. Running a dishpan full of hot water,
she set the dirty dishes in to soak and walked into the screen-lit room to sit beside Roger.

      Roger smiled down at the blonde woman beside him and slipped his arm
around her, never taking his eyes off the television set. Somehow it all seemed
comfortable, and Margaret felt no guilt at this man showing a gesture of
absent-minded affection toward her. She basked contentedly, sitting back on the
aging springs of the sofa, and pulled a hand crocheted afghan over her knees
that had been folded and thrown over the back.  Her full stomach and after
dinner glass of wine suddenly made her feel drowsy and she took the silent
liberty of resting her head on Roger's shoulder.

      "You're a hell of a cook," whispered Roger when the Gillette commercial
interrupted the game.  The Arabian landlord gave her shoulder a gentle nudge.
His hand felt strong and powerful through the thin fabric of her cotton dress.

      "T'ank you.  And did you like the way I clean your floors?" she asked in
her sing-songy Swedish accent, squeezing a little closer to the man's side.

      And then, without a word between them, Roger allowed his fingers to slide
along the upthrust swell of her breast until his opened palm cupped the full
swinging mound of her tit delicately. He could feel her body stiffen, her
breath suddenly coming faster as with one finger, his middle one, he caressed
the inviting softness of her breast, rubbing the swollen tiny peak of her
nipple through her flimsy dress as he admired the ample, womanly figure she
still possessed.  She was a specimen of health, her skin tight and resilient,
so typical of blonde Nordics, and her shimmering blonde hair showed only one
streak of platinum gray. Roger could hear a little purr coming from her lips,
and he smiled to himself savoring the effect he was having on her... he had her
wrapped around his finger, that was for sure, right where he wanted to keep
her.  She needed affection, that he knew and in return she would bring him a
gold mine if only half of those law suits and insurance policies came to
fruition.  A lonely woman in a strange country with no man... hell!

      He tweaked the sensitive nipple with his thumb and index finger, and she
shivered involuntarily from the tip of her toes along her spine to her
shoulders.  Pausing for a moment, he moved his exploring hand around the firm
curve of her breast until his fingers found what he was looking for: with
practiced deftness, he eased the zipper down along the satiny plane of her back
until he reached the taut elastic band of her panties.  He stopped there an
instant slipping his fingers between her warm flesh and the tight band, far
enough down the hollow of her naked back to reach the first few inches of her
fleshy buttock crevice.  Teasingly, he flicked a finger against the tightly
puckered ring of her anus and felt her quickly shrink away.

      Shit, I'll bet old Sandor never poked his prick in there, Roger mused to himself.
      He massaged her nakedly sensitive flesh in slow concentric circles as his
hand eased back along the smoothness of her back until he reached the stretched
fabric of her dress, pulled taut now over her shoulders.  Pausing first to
unsnap the tiny three hooks of her bra, he then eased the shoulders of her
dress down along her arms until the dress hung limply over her whitely firm breasts.

      He stopped his smooth seductive motions and looked Margaret over again,
eyeing hungrily the rich, womanly full swells and hollows of her well-formed
body.  Yes sir, she was quite a nice looking woman, all right.

      Again with his right hand, Roger tumbled the fabric of Margaret's dress
and the sheer tissue of her bra over the bulging mounds of her breasts,
exposing the twin half-dollars of her fully erect nipples, all pinkish and
excited at being exposed to the air and to his eyes.  They swelled even more
rigidly as a sudden chill breeze caressed them, sending a burst of rippling
electricity through her breasts and down into her man-hungry belly, fanning the
embers of a long-dormant fire that once burned there.

      Yes, God help her, she had been so long without a man, so long she had
nearly forgotten the magic of a real man's touch, the thrilling ecstasy of
being looked at and caressed this way.

      His outstretched fingertips brushed lightly over the soft, warmly
beckoning bulge of her tits, first one, then the other, before finally clamping
tightly over the ripely mature mound, squeezing the delicate ivory-white flesh
between his clenched fingers.

      Margaret could stand no more; she had kept silent as long as she could.
"Oh, you are a sweet man, Roger.  Oh, it feel so good."

      Her knees were opening and closing like an accordion and she flung the
afghan to the floor; her firmly fleshed buttocks were ground tightly against
the sofa.  Margaret could feel the warm dampness of love juice spreading
between her thighs as the cheeks of her fully rounded ass clenched like
starving lips at the fabric, beneath them.  Even his touch was driving her
almost insane with heated desire; she was going out of her mind with blind
passion... a scream was ready to burst from her lungs any second now from the
agonizing deliciousness of his knowledgeable fingers were bringing her.  She
offered no resistance as he shoved her over onto the cushions of the long sofa,
stretching himself out beside her and continuing to relentlessly caress the
nakedly soft white mounds of her full fleshy breasts.  A low moaning cry
escaped from her lips as he roughly squeezed the tenderly pulsating nipples
between his fingers, toying with them mercilessly as her whole body trembled
and quivered from his touch.

      His hands left the feverishly jutting nipples and slowly eased along the
flat plane of her belly.  Margaret's body arched off the sofa as his fingers
slipped once again under the waist-band of her panties, brushing over the
fluffy mound of her sparse pubic hair until his hand made a maddening electric
contact with the warmly moist lips of her cunt; even in the dim light of the
television Roger could see her flesh was covered with a million tiny
goose-bumps as she shivered convulsively at his wonderful touch.

      "Oooo, it is so nice, so nice..." the love-starved widow murmured
mindlessly, floating in space now at the ecstasy of a man's hands down there on her naked cunt.

      Clutching the moist flanges of her pussy with his palm, Roger ventured a
finger between the wetly pink ridges, and Margaret gasped as her feverish loins
suddenly ground tightly up against his hand.  His middle finger now slowly
explored the entire hot length of her narrow wet slit, starting with the taut
muscular ring of her anus, easing over the hard membrane of flesh that
separated the two enticing channels before the probing finger finally reached
the moistly clasping sheath of her pussy.

      The soft pink walls parted unhesitantly as his outstretched rigid finger
slipped into the warmly clasping tunnel, and he could feel the fleshy passage
open hungrily as he probed it deeply with his finger.

      "That feel good?" he asked, sure of himself now.
      Margaret tried to reply, but as her lips parted to speak, Roger
sadistically squirmed a second stiffened finger into her constrictive passage,
burying it up to the last joint in the warm juicy depths of her cunt.  Only a
muffled cry of pain and pleasure came hoarsely from her throat.

      "Well, like it or not?" he teased again, grinning down at her between
pearly white teeth accentuated by his bushy black mustache and flashing
chocolate eyes.  He wiggled his two fingers deep inside her hot, softly-layered flesh.

      "God, oh, yaaaa!"
      Roger's ravishing finger slipped from her pussy wetly clasping grip, and
he tantalizingly dragged his fingertip along her warm slit until he found the
throbbing little bulb of her clitoris.  Using just his thumb and forefinger, he
squeezed the incredibly sensitive nerve-ending as the sex-hungry widow moaned
and squirmed beside him on the sofa.  Back and forth, as if playing with a
marble, he rolled the pulsing little nodule, and Margaret gasped and choked for
air as rippling waves of undiluted passion and ecstasy swept over her
shamelessly aroused body.

      As her naked pelvis ground upward tightly against his palm, Roger
continued his maddening assault on her loins, twisting and pulling on her
hardened pink clitoris until she moaned and cried out loudly from the
delightful agonies of his skillful fondling.

      "Don't stop, please... Don't stop!" she screamed between hissing teeth,
her shrill words reverberating above the roar of the baseball fans on television.

      Sensing she was near her orgasm, Roger began to roughly rub her moistly
throbbing cuntal slit with the tips of his fingers, stroking over the quivering
fleshy peak of her clitoris and along the hot furrow between the hungrily
pursed lips of her cunt.

      "Oh, yaa, ya, ya!"
      Suddenly Margaret's buttocks and back arched high off the sofa, and as if
she were possessed by dozen demons, her warmly moist cunt began grinding madly
against his open hand as a long pitiful moan slipped from her parched half-open lips.

      "Oooohhh... Aaahhh..."  The impassioned young widow suddenly quivered
from head to foot and jerked convulsively as the shuddering currents of her
orgasm raced from her hotly straining loins, bathing his hand in a slippery
gush of orgasmic juices that soaked his palm and seeped down the crevice of her
buttocks before spreading in lewd trickles over the soft half moon cheeks of
her ass.  Finally, with a trembling sigh, she slowly sank down on the couch,
lying face to face with her landlord.

      She gasped hoarsely, still struggling to regain her breath. "Oh, oh that felt so good!"
      Roger only smiled wordlessly, pulling his fingers from the warm wet grip
of her pussy, wiping the slippery traces of her orgasmic fury from his hand
with a handkerchief, keeping one eye on the baseball game.  Then he spoke,
"We're not done yet.  Take off your clothes."

      Without thinking, Margaret hurriedly removed her crumpled dress and
panties, then unhooked her garter belt and, sitting on the edge of the sofa,
pulled down her stockings and left them in a heap on the living room carpet. In
just a few seconds, she was completely naked, her ripely mature body glistening
with tiny beads of perspiration from the excitement and the anguished
anticipation of having her first man in almost six months.  She glanced down at
him reclining on the sofa with his head tilted toward the television screen
watching the Oakland A's hit a home run, and she covetously eyed the thick
elongated bulge in his polyester pants that seemed to her passion-glazed eyes
to be a foot long.  She twitched nervously, unused to a man's hungry eyes on
her naked flesh.  "You 'vant to watch 'vatch me or de game?" she whined
finally, grinding her sleekly firm thighs together to fight the growing agony
between her legs.

      But Roger had other plans, plans he'd laid out as carefully as those he
was watching on television.  Only his stakes might be higher... Margaret was
coming along nicely, even better than he'd hoped.  But if she was going to have
any respect for him at all, he was going to have to show her who called the
punches.  Women liked that, he thought, they liked to be dominated -- especially blondes.

      Margaret watched nervously and impatiently as he swung his legs off the
sofa and without haste pulled off his clothes, tossing them to join the rest on
the nearby chair.  She had to quickly draw her hand to her lips to stifle a
gasp as he tugged down his undershorts and the entire huge length of his
massively thick cock swung out into view.  God, it was so big!  Even bigger
than Sandor's!  And so big around, nothing like the only one she had ever seen.

      "You 'vant to fuck now?" asked Margaret with saucered eyes. Just the
thought of making love again was enough to make her soar. And with a man as
handsome as Roger, she thought.  A man... her man.  He liked her; he had
praised her cooking and cleaning, hadn't he?  Wasn't that what a man looked for
in a good woman.  A ripple of happiness spread through her tingling body: she
wouldn't be spending the rest of her life alone after all.  She had Roger. But
it bothered her the way he kept watching television instead of whispering sweet
endearments in her ear, as Sandor had done.  Her forehead furrowed and her
pouty lower lip protruded as she said, "You 'vant to make love, or not?"

      Roger glared at her.  "Get down on your hands and knees," he ordered.  "I
want a blow job.  You Scandinavians are supposed to be good at that."

      Margaret's mind reeled at the sound of those horrible words. Where was
the love?  She'd done it with Sandor thousands of times, but he had never
demanded it of her.  The blonde widow drew a deep breath and forced a smile. It
that's what her man wanted of her, that's what she would do, but the tingling
ache between her legs cried for a need to be fulfilled, too.  "But can't we
make love first?"

      "You heard what I said.  Now get down on your hands and knees and show me
what you're worth."  The landlord was determined that this step in Margaret
Sorenson's total subjugation and humiliation would not be skipped over.  "Down
on your knees.  Now!"

      Brushing her blonde hair from her eyes, Margaret obediently crawled from
the sofa and settled at Roger's feet, all the while trying to think of a way to
get Roger to make love to her instead of what she must do.  She knew he meant
it; the flash in his dark eyes promised that.  He was the only man in her life
now.  God had taken her first man, and now it was time for him to give her a
second.  She needed him, needed a man to cook and clean for and make love to
her in return.  His dangling cock, sagging from its own immense weight, was
scarcely a foot away from her face as she struggled to hold back the hot lump
in her throat, terrified and skeptical of having another man's big white cock
in her mouth... that same mouth that had only kissed and sucked her dear
Sandor's. Another man's cum in her throat... it was almost too hard to swallow.

      Roger slid forward on the sofa, gauging carefully the distance from his
limply hanging prick and her wetly trembling lips.  He adjusted his hips just
slightly so that the purplish swollen head brushed her lips ever so little.

      "All right, baby... it's all yours!  Do a good job and I'll make it up to
you later.  Now hurry up, the A's will be back at bat in a couple of minutes."
And with that he gave her a rough pinch deep inside her naked thigh as she
knelt below him, squeezing her soft tender flesh just an inch from the warmly
moist lips of her still-hungry pussy.

      Margaret turned her face away from the enormous bulb-shaped head and
closed her eyes, hoping somehow that it would go away -- or better still, turn
into Sandor's long hard prick that she knew every ridge and vein of.

      Roger spun her head back so that she was less than a scant inch from his
half-erect, dangling prick.

      "Listen, sweetie, I don't wanna get rough with 'ya, but I said to hurry
up, okay?  OKAY?"  His tone was calm, but threatening, and Margaret didn't want
to get him angry.  She'd heard him yelling at some tenants upstairs about being
late with the rent, and had witnessed his rage as he slammed his clenched fist
into the door and sent it rocking on its hinges.  With his size and strength,
she knew she would be helpless against him.

      Suddenly he grew tired of waiting and grabbed her ears with his powerful
hands and twisted them upward, causing a pain so excruciating that she thought
for a moment she would black out. She cried out for him to stop, but he ignored
her pleas, keeping one eye on the television screen and one on her.  Abruptly,
he pulled her face roughly up to his naked loins, shoving his hips forward so
that the blunted end of his heavy cock pressed lewdly against her moistly
glistening lips.  Once more he twisted at her small ears and she again groaned with pain.

      "Now, Margaret... open your mouth and suck it!  NOW!  SUCK IT!" he
screamed above the deafening roar of fan's cheers blasting from the television set.

      Her mouth opened slightly with one more twist and her agonized lips
slowly parted as Roger gazed at the wetly open orifice in front of his loins,
then very carefully forced the massively pulsating head into the warm moist
cavern and let it lay there twitching slightly as it grew still harder and more
erect. The young widow didn't move at all, lest the brushing of her quivering
tongue on the enormous heated shaft of flesh should cause it to grow even larger.

      "It's your choice, honey, but I will have a blow job..." His voice was suddenly convincingly cruel.
      Margaret knew it was hopeless to resist the landlord and, admittedly,
there was a part of her that didn't want to displease the darkly handsome man,
this was something she must do or lose him... lose the one spark in her dreary
life.  And she couldn't stand the thought, no matter how disgusting this awful
degrading act seemed.  She fought back the churning ball of nausea growing
thicker by the second in her knotted, fear-wrenched belly and closed her wetly
walled lips over the throbbing fleshy staff and eased it reluctantly with her
tongue, feeling his hands loosen their grip as she obediently complied with his
harsh demands.  His powerful hands still held her, though not as painfully, but
she knew she should please him to avoid a scene.  Margaret didn't like scenes;
Sandor had been such a mild-mannered, loving man.  but Roger had it in him to
be brutal if he wanted to, and that scared her.  She closed her eyes and tried
to keep her mind on the long pulsing prick that loomed before her.

      Roger looked down at the long thick pole of flesh protruding from his
hair-covered pelvis and throbbing ever so gently in her warm, half-opened wet
mouth, at the pursed lips stretching tightly around the immense purplish head,
and he felt a twinge of disappointment that she hadn't protested more.  Hell,
it would have done her a world of good to get kicked around a little first,
before sucking him off.  Every woman worth her salt needed a good kick in the
ass once in a while, he thought.  At least the women he had out on the streets
leaning against lamp posts sure as hell needed it to let them know who the boss was.

      But there wasn't time for such thoughts now, all he wanted was to enjoy
this blow job and watch the Oakland A's slam a homer to win the series.  And
watching her blonde head begin to reluctantly slide back and forth on the long,
saliva-moistened length of his prick was nothing but pure joy.  Damn!

      He allowed his hands to slip from her head and down over the smooth,
velvety skin of her naked shoulders, near-perfect and silky and unblemished,
deliciously warm and soft to his caressing touch.  She obviously wasn't putting
her heart into sucking his cock, so the big landlord brought his hands back up
to the sides of her head, his open palms firmly placed on either side of her
face.  His grip tightened and he held her neatly positioned there against his
heatedly pulsating prick as he began a rhythmic pumping motion with his lower
body, his still-growing long prick jutting from his pelvis and rubbing between
her moistly ovalled lips as the bulbous, lust-distended head poked against the
back of her mouth.  He could feel her small white teeth grating against the
sensitive bottom side of his prick and the wetly rough surface of her tongue as
it brushed along the full length of his thickly erect flesh, now so finely
attuned to the tiniest subtle movement of her hotly licking tongue and lips
that just the very touch sent shivers of savage animal desire into his loins.

      "Yeah, baby... that's nice, honey, real nice," he growled softly,
beginning to pump his thick, rigid cock deeper into her throat, her warm
enveloping lips sliding along its full length with each forward plunge of his
hips, and his fleshy stalk grew harder, longer, and thicker by the second,
stretching like a rubber band until it reached enormous proportions.

      He grinned to himself as the young widow did her best to take his cock
full length in her mouth, something he knew she couldn't possibly do; as it was
she swallowed, gagged, and choked each time he gave an extra forward flick of
his loins.  That part he especially enjoyed; nothing was better for a good
broad than a big cock to ream out her tonsils once in a while.

      He hoped he'd found a good cock-sucker here, because there wasn't
anything on earth he liked better than a really nice blow job, one where the
broad knew her stuff, could relax her throat muscles like she could relax her
asshole, and let his cock just slide right down that wetly smooth channel until
the sides of her throat passage sucked him dry.  Yeah, ol' Margaret here was
doing all right for a Swede.

      Margaret slaved over his loins, desperately trying not to choke on the
pulsing fleshy cock invading her throat; it was so big!  Each time his muscular
abdomen slapped against her moistly pursed lips, the terrible punishing thing
pushed lewdly against the back of her throat and at first, thinking she would
surely be choked to death, she had fought it back, gasping and coughing with
each of his vicious skewering thrusts.  But gradually she had found a way to
relax her throat muscles and now it wasn't as bad. He would pull it almost all
the way out of her wetly clasping mouth, out over her widely ovalled lips until
the lust-swollen head of his cock was between her teeth, and then he would
begin that dreaded instroke, that journey deep into her tender throat. Somehow
that hardened shaft managed to bend just enough when its throbbing head rammed
against the back of her gullet to go down, lubricated with her hot saliva and
the first slippery traces of his seminal fluid oozing fitfully from the tiny
opening on the end of his prick.  And every time it went down, she would have
to swallow or choke, and soon she realized that the flexing of her own throat
muscles was bringing on the inevitable torrent of hot cum even sooner, and she
viewed the climax with mixed emotions. She wanted it over, to be rid of his
pulsating rod that gagged and choked her so painfully... but the thought of
what was coming next, his ejaculated cum emptying down her throat like she was
a common whore!  Sandor had never made her swallow it; in fact, he'd kept a box
of kleenex next to his bed for just that purpose.

      Margaret tried not to swallow, but she choked immediately and he pulled
it out for a moment, rubbing its still throbbing head over her moistly smeared
lips, and she could taste the beginning of the end as small whitish drops of
his fluid oozed from the slit end and onto her tongue.  He took the blunted
head between his clenched fingers and lewdly, obscenely, painted her lips with
his warm, slightly saline discharge, leaving them glistening from his
impatiently dribbling semen.  She was totally beaten now, kneeling at his feet
like a servant girl in the old country.

      Roger felt the telltale twitch of his loins and could feel the dammed-up
seething flood of hot semen restlessly surging behind the restraints of his
aching balls as he slowly, rhythmically, pumped in and out of her ovalled lips,
savoring every inch of his delicious instroke as it disappeared agonizingly
down her velvety throat channel.  He wanted to feel every screaming millimeter
of his cum's long fast run from his lust-distended balls of his prick's
throbbing, blood-filled head, and his hands squeezed in on her ears now,
holding her absolutely motionless in his strong grip while he rammed his cock
down, deeper and deeper down that tight, constrictive little throat.

      Ah, here it comes, he thought, it's cumming... it's cumming! He could
feel the hot sperm rushing out of his testicles and up the bottom of his prick,
and he stopped dead still, his madly throbbing cock rammed all the way to his
pubic hair down her hungry throat, her head perfectly still, as he waited
impatiently for the building explosion in his loins...

      "Aaaahhhh!" he gasped anxiously, emptying his lungs as, at that same
infinitesimal second, he emptied his sperm-laden balls.

      Margaret sucked voraciously, harder and harder, for as strongly as her
better reasoning had dictated, now -- tasting his pungency for the first time
-- she wanted it.  She wanted every precious drop of his hot seething flood,
and she sucked at the long quivering cock, swallowing and gulping its gushing
waves of heated thick fluid like a starving animal.  Her arms spontaneously
wrapped around his hips as she knelt at his feet, pulling his powerful loins in
hard against her face and lips until every hot swallow was safely down her
eagerly working throat.

      He looked down at the kneeling figure of the love-starved widow and
smiled as she finally pulled her hungrily sucking mouth away from his pelvis, a
thin sticky trail of semen dangling from her lips and chin like a spider's web.
Yes sir, she was right where he wanted her, nothing stood in his way now, those
checks might as well be his!

      But Roger had other things on his mind... other things that the
love-starved widow would not have understood in her silent modest humility.
Things a God-fearing woman such as herself didn't even know happened in a big
city where everyone is prey to other lethal talons.




                            White Slave Chapter 2

      Chris O'Brien took one look at her checkbook balance and swore.  Damn!
There was no way she could pay the rent and afford bus fare too, not to mention
coincidentals like laundry and an occasional glass of wine.  Then the worst
realization imaginable struck the sandy haired girl between the eyes like
40,000 watts of voltage: there was no more money coming in until she found a
job. Thank God they were getting food stamps!

      Oh God!  What to do?  She collapsed on the single bed that squeeked under
her slender weight and, covering her face with her hands, she wept, her
five-foot four-inch body rocking back and forth on the Indian print bedspread.
Why had she insisted on coming to San Francisco without a job?  Her uncle Frank
had warned her, her aunt Violet, her father, and her very own younger sister.
But no, Chris O'Brien was going to prove her independence regardless of the
ominous odds. So what if California already suffered from 13% unemployment, not
to mention the spate of 18-22 year old jobless, of which she was but a
statistic.  Chris would prove them all overly cautious and narrow-minded.  She
would come in cold, get a well-paying, creative job with travel benefits. After
all, she had a college diploma in one hand and a portfolio brimming with talent
in the other.  What more could she have going for her?  Her professors at the
University had encouraged her, telling her she should try cracking into the
fashion design market out here on the West Coast.  Sure, they'd said, it you
want to start a career, go to New York; but the West Coast has lots more
amenities.  Now, after two months of scouring the streets, all she could show
for her efforts was a bad blister on her left heel and an arm-long list of
useless telephone numbers and contacts.  And no money.

      A roar as loud as her own crying rocketed through the Geary street
apartment, the din's vibrating rattle making the stereo groan, then skip a cut.
Chris pounded an angry fist into her knee.  And this hole!  It was filthy and
noisy, snorted Chris. You couldn't listen to a record album without a bus
interrupting everytime its brakes ground to a halt to repeat its never ending
route up and down Geary Street all night.  But you could hardly complain to a
landlord about cockroaches and broken windows when you still owed last month's
rent and had no prospects for paying the current month's either.  You bit your
lip and endured: that was city living.

      What could she do?  Chris bit into her trembling lower lips and stared
blurrily at the yellow cracked wall.  She might as well call her parents
collect and humiliate herself by asking them to send her a one-way ticket back
to Detroit and forget there was any part of America west of the Mississippi
River.  No.  That would be giving in, sniffed Chris, wiping her nose with the
back of her hand.  She'd rather work at the telephone company, God forbid, than
do that -- if they were hiring.

      The twenty-two year old slim-hipped girl braced her foot on the bed board
and, out of habit, twisted to reach her cigarettes on the night stand.  With a
wince and a snap of her fingers she remembered she'd smoked the last one last
night -- or had her roommate bummed it?  She couldn't remember which.  Just
yesterday she'd spent her last cash on a pair of stockings she didn't like, to
wear to a job interview for a job she didn't want.  Damn! she hissed, clenching
her fists.  We've got to do something. Anything!

      And her roommate Sandy was no help either.  God, she couldn't keep a
dollar in her pocket for five minutes without it sending up flames.  That,
thought Christ pacing in front of the window, is the whole trouble with Sandy.
Drugs.  Money spent uselessly on drugs, and all it got you was a headache and
another day in debt. In school it had been no problem even though they'd roomed
together since neophyte freshman.  One collect phone call to the folks telling
them you needed another easel or art book, and the check was in the mail
pronto.  Now, being twenty-two and independent, neither of the girls could
expect anything in the mail except for a good wish and a stamped,
self-addressed envelope to back home.  A case of responsibility, pure and simple.

      Chris put her finger to her lip and concentrated on the old man across
the street, stooping over to pick up cigarette butts from the gutter.  Where
had last summer's savings gone?  She tapped her foot, mentally counting off the
dollars.  Rent-$70, clothes-about $10, rock concerts... ummm, that's where a
good share of it had gone.  And dope.  One pound of top grade marijuana that
she and Sandy had bought the first week in San Francisco. "Good stuff... safe
connection... you can sell it, keep a couple lids for yourselves and make a
killing on the rest."  Right, thought Chris with a sarcastic nod of the head.
Safe investment, huh!  The dealer, some guy Sandy had picked up in the park and
brought home for an afternoon of frolic and post-hippie lovemaking, sold them
the goods and ripped them off on the same night.  Some scam!

      He'd come late at night to break up the kilo and weigh out the pound in
front of the two girls.  Next thing Chris remembered she was lying on the floor
from an overdose of PCP sprinkled in the marijuana -- a drug she'd smoked
occasionally while in school -- with Sandy making passionate love to the dealer
on the sofa. Chris, on hands and knees, had crawled to her bedroom, just one
doorway beyond, and listened to the grunts and groans and slurping and slapping
of flesh on naked flesh only to wake up the next morning to find her roommate
passed out on the couch and Chris' purse laying open and empty... and the pound
of dope picked up and carried off by the same hands that had brought it in only
four hours earlier.  It was a killing all right, mused Chris with the caustic
wisdom of a victim of the city.  A real lesson.

      She'd blamed Sandy for it, calling her irresponsible and a poor judge of
character, that she should have been able to pick up on the guy's vibes and
known better than to buy dope from a stranger.  But then, honestly speaking, if
Sandy had to pass on her judgment of people, she wouldn't have passed
kindergarten, for Sandy was a girl who knew what she wanted on the skimpiest of
superficial levels and sacrificed anything to get it -- money, honor.  It
didn't matter.  If it felt good, Sandy indulged.  It was her life's principle.
"Some people live by the ten commandments," Chris remembered her best friend
saying, "and I have my fun."  No one could argue the point; in a crazy sort of
way it made sense.

      Even Chris couldn't argue with Sandy on that issue.  The long haired girl
lit the half-burned cigarette she found among the marijuana roaches in the
seashell ashtray and lit it, feeling the hot match warm her fingers as she
thought on.  No, Sandy had never been discriminate about her college dates.  If
they liked loud music, beer, and dope, they were Sandy's kind of people.  Poor,
rich, white, black, yellow, red -- Sandy had had them all.  And loved it.

      That must have been thought Chris pulling on the second-time-around
cigarette, why Mom and Dad were opposed to her coming along with me out here to
California in the first place.  Though she was loathe to concede the issue, her
parents were right.  Sandy was getting out of hand with bringing home guys from
the laundromat, the bus stop, and the pool hall -- anywhere she could find a
willing mate who wanted to spend an afternoon in bed.  And worst of all, they
would crash all night with Sandy in her bedroom and play the stereo on full
blast so that Chris couldn't get to sleep until the east turned yellow.

      But damn it, you couldn't help but love Sandy no matter how many times
she broke a promise or borrowed money.  She was a true friend, a real sister,
and Chris would do anything to help her roommate.  After all, Sandy had stuck
by Chris through all her traumas and hard times, always offering everything she had to give.

      Like the time Chris's parents had decided to make a surprise Sunday
afternoon visit to their oldest daughter in college, and Sandy had given up her
afternoon to chat and play hostess to Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien while Chris lay in
frozen silence behind her bedroom door with her boyfriend after a night of
de-flowering love making.  Chris had been far too embarrassed and shame-faced
guilty to face her parents, especially with Dick haggling her for a second time
around.  Hadn't Chris a debt to pay there?  Return one good turn for another?
Sandy had shrugged it off, saying she enjoyed company.  True, the dark haired
girl did like people.

       That, succinctly, was another one of Sandy's problems.  But nobody could
blame her.  Everybody said she was lucky not to be scared for life.  And to
think her step-father was responsible.

      Chris felt a wave of nauseating guilt.  She drew heavily on the last drag
of the tortured cigarette and snuffed out the filter in the carbon-stained
seashell.  For some unaccountable reason Chris sensed that she shouldn't even
be thinking about Sandy's problems... that lurid, terrifying story had been
related in confidence, and Chris wasn't even sure she had the facts straight.
The antidepressant drugs -- stelazine and meloril -- the doctors administered
to Sandy that night in the hospital after she'd attempted to commit suicide by
threatening to jump out of a ten story campus building because of a breaking up
with her boy friend, had triggered her memory and blurred her speech.

      Chris had spent the night in the psych ward of the University hospital
holding Sandy's cold, clammy hand and listening to the mumbled horror of a
childhood nightmare.  Had Sandy the courage to relate her story without the
mellowing effect of drugs to ease the emotional and physical torture that
scorched her body each time she talked about it, Chris was certain the
objective truth might run like this:

      The day that Sandy was to remember forever had dawned very hot, and she
had decided to go for a walk down by the creek to get a bit of sunshine and
daydream as twelve-year-olds do.  A physically mature girl for her years, the
black haired girl had walked with her back curved and her full young breasts
jutting out and bouncingly firmly.  She'd been happy; her mother, after a year
of husbandless loneliness, had married a man at last, and Sandy was happy to
have a father.

      Sandy strolled along, occasionally raising her hand to shield her eyes
against the glare of the sun.  Born and raised in the Michigan countryside, she
loved the out-of-doors and especially the creek, where as a child she used to
build log dams and fish for trout in the cool fresh water.  She sauntered down
to the creek that ran through their property, down to its shady banks where she
drifted under the willow trees, feeling the coolness like caressing fingers all
over her body, and finally reached a sheltered place she knew.  It was a spot
where the creek widened out into a crystal pool that was hidden from all eyes
by the bushes and a natural embankment.  Here, Sandy kicked off her shoes and
waded ankle-deep in the water, playfully kicking up a spray, with her dress
showing a flash of nakedly white thigh.  Here, in the tiny glen, Sandy felt
that she was safe to do as she wanted.

      It felt good being out of the house, because things hadn't been going as
smoothly as the twelve year old thought they should. There had been much
arguing between her mother and step-father, much of it having to do with Sandy
and her newly discovered social life.  Already at the approaching teenage year,
she had dated once or twice and her step-father thought she was being too loose
for a girl her age.  He had made accusations which sent her mother into tears,
and Sandy had the feeling he'd been following her, something her mother refused
to believe of her new husband.

      The young brunette hadn't counted on the prying eyes of her step-father,
who made his quiet way up and down the creek embankment, and now stood looking
down at Sandy tossing her thick mane of black hair.  He crouched down behind a
tree on the top of the knoll and watched Sandy sprawl in the grass and turn her
face up to the warming sun.  Her face was delicate, with a slender nose that
ended in a provocative tilt.  There was also a tilt to her wide pale green
eyes.  Her face was delicate and feminine, right down to her wide, fleshy mouth.

      But it was her voluptuous young body that excited her step-father and
made him chew on his lips.  He watched his step-daughter from behind the tree
and saw Sandy lean all her weight back on her arms, letting her head even
further back so that her face and throat were presented to the warming sun. She
raised one leg and bent the knee.  The man held his breath as he watched her
firmly white thighs.  He saw her sprawled with the hem of her dress in her lap
and her legs spread as she let the knee wantonly fall over to one side,
revealing the tight white band of her panties that so snuggly held and hid her
pussy.  He stared as though mesmerized at the flimsly white panties covering
the treasure he wanted to so badly to see, then blinked and wiped sweat from
the palms of his hands by rubbing them on his pants.

      Christ, his wife had one hell of a good looking daughter, alright.  A lot
of style for a young girl, the way she strutted her stuff, flashing her ripe
breasts in front of the young guys. And already she'd come home at two o'clock
in the morning on two different occasions.  Hell if she wasn't out getting it!

      Sandy sank back, her eyes closed, smiling slightly at the kiss of the sun
on her face and neck.  It felt good!  The rays caressed her flesh and made her
tingle in a drowsy kind of way.  A slight breeze blew and sent ripples of
pleasure over her face and neck.  Sandy listened for a moment while lazily
thinking how nice it would feel if she were to...

      Her step father was like an Indian, freezing immediately when he saw the
girl sit up and open her eyes and look around.  Slowly, he sank back into the
shade of the tree and held his breath.  With one eye, he watched Sandy glance
around and cock her head as if listening for something.  Had he made a noise or
did she hear someone coming?  He was sure she'd run off and was waiting for her
boy friend to show up.

      No!  He held his breath and felt his rapidly awakening cock give a hard
jerk in his pants as he saw her unbuttoning the front of her dress and pull it
free of her creamy shoulders and gather it around her incredibly slender waist.
His mouth went dry as he saw her sitting with her breasts looking so full blown
that they were literally stuffed into the bra and were straining to burst free.
He watched as Sandy reached behind her with both arms.  Her breasts jutted
forward and up as she worked with the clasp in the hollow of her back.  Her
fingers snapped the clasp and her ripely fleshed mounds sprang quivering free.

      The step-father, George, almost yelled and his cock jerked again so
powerfully in the tight confinement of his jockey shorts that he bent over in pain.

      Jesus, Christ!  His step-daughter had beautiful tits!
      His mouth was as dry as sand as he looked at her two nakedly free breasts
with their tightly tensed nipples so dark and round. He watched her breasts
quiver and shake in a wantonly provocative way; they were ripe and round with
half-moons of shadow under them as she again leaned back all her weight on her
arms and let her head loll back with her eyes closed.  Her breasts were jutting
up, right at him and the older man felt he could leap up, run down, surprise
her, and grab those tits in his hands... and massage them... and put his hungry
mouth over those tautly teasing nipples and bite and suck on them.  He bent
over again, forced to adjust his swelling cock in his pants.

      "Jesus, I'm in for a show!"  He whispered the words in his dry, caked
throat as he waited for her boy friend to show up.

      His hand swatted at the sweat forming on his upper lip just as Sandy sat
up again, and looked around with a dreamy expression. He sank back further,
keeping one eye on her and one hand on his painfully tight groin.

      Sandy was feeling good, very good... and a little bold and wicked.
Supposing someone should come along?  She smiled, knowing that no one would.
Only her mother was at home, and she was doing the wash.  And her
step-father... well, he was probably in town getting drunk.  After all, it was
Saturday afternoon.  Just as well, her step-father had been accusing her of all
sorts of ridiculous things of late, and she'd just as soon he spent his time on
a bar stool, rather than trying to play father which he failed so miserably at.

      Satisfied, she felt safe, felt that this was her day, her hour, that she
could be safely alone and do exactly as she pleased, that she could be free and
enjoy the sun.  Free!  The word hummed through her head like a song, a wantonly
sensuous song.  She cupped her budding breasts with either hand, touching them
softly and intimately, her fingertips brushing across her already distended
nipples as she marveled at the way her body had changed so dramatically in the
last six months.  Already the boys at school were calling her a cock teaser
because of the way she strutted proudly.  A thrill of lustful desire swept
through her body, mixing, smoking and brooding, in her groin.  Her entire young
body seemed to, for a minute, throb with the hotly liquid desire of being a ripe woman.

      Sandy almost lost her balance as she felt desire ripple through her body
in increasing undulations as her fingertips brushed back and forth across her
nipples.  It felt so good!

      God damn!  She's acting like some twenty-two year old whore!
      Lust twisted his face as he watched the unsuspecting girl gently teasing
and exciting herself.  He was right about her.  She was putting out for
somebody!  Somebody definitely was getting her nooky!  He clenched his fist and
crouched low behind the tree, preparing to charge.  He couldn't stand watching
any longer and, damn, her mother never did that for him!

      He was just about to go barreling down the hill as if her were pulling
off an off-tackle plunge when he froze, catching his breath in an audible way
he was afraid she heard.  She was sitting up again and using her hands to push
the dress down over her creamy-white hips.  He held his breath as he watched
her rocking from one cheek of her buttocks to the other, wiggling and writhing
lazily as she brazenly slipped the bunched up dress down over her thigh and all
the way down to her knees.  She sat for a moment in her little white bikinis,
feeling so drowsy in the sun.

      George licked his dry lips and watched her with her naked breasts caught
between her arms, pressing her cleavage tightly deep.  Her breasts ballooned
under her arms, making her nipples more tautly tempting than ever before.  His
eyes greedily took in her firmly flat stomach with its navel plainly visible as
her abdomen tautly rippled when she again leaned back on her arms and tossed
her wild black mane of hair.

      Sandy basked in the gently, sensuous warmth of the sun.  She closed her
eyes and felt it warming her all over.  On an impulse, she again sat up and
hooked her dainty thumbs in her flimsy panties and pulled them off, feeling a
rush of cooling air on her heat-moistened cuntal slit and in the deeply tight
crevice of her buttocks.

      George felt his body quivering like a big cat ready to leap. There she
was before him, totally naked, her sensually voluptuous body so young and firm
with a rubbery kind of resilience.  He watched her breasts twin white orbs
quiver elastically as she moved, lying down and stretching out in the hot sun.
He saw her young naked loins moving enticingly as she stretched her legs.

      His eyes were drawn to her groin where her firmly shaped thighs met her
nakedly tempting torso and he saw her softly parted pubic hair that fuzzed out
virginally.  His eyes fastened on that slit and he caught a glimpse of warmly
pink cuntal flesh as she lazily spread her legs.  Her pulpy pussy lips were
already glistening and swelling even as he watched. His cock throbbed and
lunged once like a wild animal seeking freedom, and he gritted his teeth hard
in an effort at self control.

      Sandy lolled back, closed her eyes, basking in the gently warming rays of
the sun and gradually becoming sensually aware of her own naked body.  She felt
her genitals growing moist with a throbbing itch, and her hands whispered over
her ripely swelling breasts once more, her fingers teasingly skimming back and
forth. Then she let her hands trail down, down over her contoured stomach and
over her navel to the sparse triangle of pubic hair that was beginning to
sprout there.  She felt wantonly hot and she raised one knee slightly as her
fingertips skimmed down the length of her wetly swelling slit.  She felt the
moist warm heat of her own cunt, and a tiny moan of delight escaped her lips.
The sun, her hands, they felt so good!

      Her fingers began tenderly probing and exploring her teased clitoris into
an erect life of its own.  She felt a rippling erotic pleasure tingle through
her naked pussy under her gentle ministrations.  She felt so devilishly wicked
as she allowed her hips to jut obscenely upward while her finger slid up and
down the heated lubricated slit in an ever increasing rhythm.

      A crash from up on the embankment made the young brunette sit bolt
upright, a strangled cry frozen in her throat.  She didn't have any time to
move before her step-father crashed on top of her with savagely guttural snarl.
Sandy was knocked completely over, her naked loins flashing, her young breasts
bouncing.  They rolled over and over under the impact of his charge and ended
up right next to the pond, with George on top of her.

      Sandy was seeing stars, and her lungs felt like they were on fire as she
gasped for breath and tried hard not to pass out.  She opened her mouth to cry
out but George clamped his hand roughly over her mouth.  "Shuddup, you little
bitch," he snarled.  His wild eyed face was only inches from her.  She could
smell beer on his breath.  He had been drinking again!  His lips were twisted
in a facsimile of a grin.  "You make one sound, one little peep, and I'll beat
the living shit outta you."

      The words were hissed, spat out in her face and her whole body tensed as
she tried to shirk away from him.  He gradually removed his hand from her
mouth, keeping one finger held up as a warning.  Slowly, he removed his weight,
getting up and allowing her to catch her breath with her breasts ripely heaving
up and down to in front of his eyes.  She watched him with wide-open eyes as he
began taking off his shirt.  She couldn't believe her step-father was doing
this to her!  My God, he had to be insane!  Or did he really hate her that much?

      He pulled off his pants and kicked them to the side.  She gave a gasp of
horror as she saw the hugely obscene bulge in his jockey shorts.  His cock was
so big he had trouble getting it out of the underwear until finally it sprang
free with a life of its own.  Her hand flew to her mouth as he stood nakedly
menacing over her.  His cock!  It was so huge!  She had no idea men's cocks
could get so big.  He held it lightly with one hand, sadistic grin on his
brutal face.  She stared up at the lust-swollen, blood-red mushroom head.  She
saw his thick white shaft with the bulging veins and, as she watched, her heart
pounding, he pulled back the tautly tight sheath of foreskin and the flanged
head ballooned out, red and shining.  "No!" she cried, her voice trembling.

      "Come on, you're putting out for those young boys," he growled.  "And now
you're gonna put out for me!"

      "N-no!  Never, n-never b-b-before!" she stammered.
      "Don't give me that shit!  You been staying out almost all night with
those studs.  Don't tell me you ain't fucked before." He crouched over her, his
voice grating, his long massively pulsating cock held firmly in one hand.  "I'm
going to fuck you to within an inch of your life."

      "No!  Help!  Mother!" Sandy rose up, crying out as loud as she could. She
never even saw the punch.  She felt it as the world seemed to explode right in
front of her eyes; her head snapped around and she fell backward heavily,
feeling the pain sponge deeply into her face.

      George kneeled over her naked young torso, sitting on her stomach and
slapped her face back and forth with an open hand. Sandy tried to ward off his
stinging blows but found she was too weak and stunned to have much effect.  His
strength was incredible and brutally effective as he seized her wrists and bent
her arms back above her head just as his hotly wet mouth clamped over hers and
she felt his hot tongue wetly probing into her mouth.

      She tried to yell, but his fiery hot tongue slid in her mouth and lewdly
lashed at her own tongue.  The terrified young girl fought for her breath as
his tongue pumped lewdly and wantonly in and out of her mouth.  Despite her
terror and pain, a certain lasciviousness rippled through her body pleasurefully.

      George was grunting like a madman as he pulled his cruel wet mouth away
from her bruised lips and hissed.  "You make one sound, and I swear I'll punch you silly!"

      Again she tensed.  She believed him; she believed he might even kill her.
He was wild, his eyes were bloodshot, his breath reeked of stale beer, and his
hands were hurting her wrists as he squeezed them tightly to show he meant business.

      George shifted his weight and looked hungrily down at her large fleshy
breasts in all their firmly erect splendor.  With her hands forced up above her
head and pinned there by his grip, her breasts were arched with her nipples
right below his face.  With a savagely cruel chuckle, he lowered his hot wet
mouth and clamped his tongue and lips over one pinkly erect little nipple.

      "Nnnnoooooo!" Sandy moaned, her head rolling back and forth as she felt
him first suck, then bite the nipple so hard she winced.  Despite the pain, she
felt an unexpected ripple of pleasure mix deep down in her loins... a
masochistic thrill at being so helpless while his hungry mouth ravaged her
nipple, sucking and nibbling it into a tautly hot shape of its own.

      "Oooooh, God, please stop!" she whispered, her voice hoarse, afraid to
yell.  She shivered with fear as his voracious mouth moved over to clamp on her
other breasts, and she felt that second nipple being sucked until it ached with
a combination of wanton desire and physical pain.  She knew there were red
teeth marks in the hotly tender flesh of her breasts.

      "N-N-noooo!" she wailed as her hateful step-father shifted his weight on
top of her, his thickly muscled chest crushing her ravaged breasts and pushing
the breath out of her tortured lungs as he grunted, "Spread 'em, Baby!  Spread your legs!"

      "No!  Please!  I'll give you anything... I-I won't tell Mom."  Tears
welled up in the naked young brunette's eyes from the pain and fear as she felt
his heatedly pulsating cock pressing against her stomach.  It felt hard and hot
and thick and huge!  He was going to tear her apart with that big obscene thing!

      "Anything?" he asked between gritted teeth.
      "Anything!"  Tears snaked down her flushed twelve year old face, and for
a wild second she thought she might be getting out of it.

      "How about a little nookey?"  His laughter was wild and harsh.
      Sandy screamed again and received another sharp blow that almost knocked
her out.  Dimly, her strength ebbing, she realized he was forcing her legs
wide.  She felt his powerful loins between her legs, and then her eyes opened
very wide, and she screamed in pain as she felt the thick head massively
pushing on her virginally tight pussy lips.

      "Aaaaggghhhh!"
      His teeth tightly gritted, his lips twisting open wide, he thrust with
all the brute strength he possessed.  He was driven wild with the taste and
smell of her.  He felt the thickly blunt end of his cock spreading her wetly
cringing cunt as he bore down hard.  She whimpered and the sound caused him to
thrust forward with brutal delight.

      The flanged head of his cock plopped just inside her tight, hotly
quivering little cunt with a wet tearing sound.  Sandy felt herself impaled on
his heatedly pulsing cock.  His massive cock head was buried just inside of her
cunt with her cuntal lips drawn tight as rubberbands around the thick shaft.
Sandy was positive he was going to shove his massive maledom clear up into her
belly and on past, on up into her throat itself.  She trembled with abject
fear, sending her cunt into an oddly pleasing quiver around the throbbing head.
She smelled his sexual heat, and felt his huge cock like a throbbing piece of
hot meat lodged in her virginal pussy -- the treasure she had saved for the right boy.

      Slowly, with a cold-blooded brutality, George began pumping his hips,
moving his rigidly thick cock like a huge piston plunging in and out of her tender flesh.

      Sandy couldn't move, and she gasped for breath and tried to keep from
screaming as she felt the lust-thickened shaft spreading her cuntal walls until
it seemed they surely were being ripped from her clitoris to anus.  She lay
rigid, her cruelly violated young body trembling in spasms of fear and guilt.
Guilt!  She closed her eyes and tried to concentrate, tried not to think about
the wanton excitement she had begun feeling with each brutal, pain-filled
thrust; she couldn't help herself, and the more she tried not to think of it,
the bigger and harder his cock became ... and finally she was forced to admit
to herself that she was enjoying it!

      She loved it -- all twelve childish years of her!
      A sudden stab of guilt shuddered through her body as she felt her wetly
pulsating cuntal lips inched in with each wonderfully heated thrust of her
mother's husband's heated shaft.  On each withdrawal stroke she felt them
clinging to his hardened shaft and the obscenely exciting mental picture of
what was happening made searing spasms of pleasure streak through her loins and
caused her puckered little anus to tremble with delight.  She was enjoying
making love to her own stepfather!

      She knew she shouldn't be liking it, knew she was being brutally raped,
that she was being marked forevermore, she knew it and felt full of fear and
pain.  Her pain made her sob real tears and babble incoherently for George to
stop.  Her head thrashed from side to side, and she bit her lips against the
increasing pleasure she was feeling with each deeper stroke of his hotly
rampaging cock.  She fought against the itching urge in her hips to pump them
lewdly back and forth.  The more she tried not to think of it, the more she
enjoyed it.  She loved it!

      There was something so thrilling about being so helpless while being
fucked!  She shuddered and her mouth fell wantonly open as she gave out a
half-cry, half moan.  The cry ended in a deep moan, a moan as rich and deep as
a cello; her father grinned triumphantly as he saw her face and began fucking
her harder and faster.

      He went crazy, fucking her insanely, his thick, wetly glistening cock
slamming mercilessly in and out of her hideously stretched cunt, his balls
slapping rhythmically against her thrashing, softly fleshed buttocks.  He
fucked her with all his might, lifting her hips up off the grassy ground and
slamming her down again, ramming all the way into her, feeling his mushroom
head slam into her young cervix deep in that velvet volcano that was her tight
little pussy.

      It was as if all restraining bonds had burst inside Sandy for she lewdly
threw back her head and thrust her nakedly straining breasts up at his face,
all the while wantonly pumping her hips up and down.  She was suddenly a lewdly
writhing animal, curling her legs and arms around his hard body in an effort to
take all the cock he could offer.

      Her mouth was open, her eyes closed, and she moaned with an obscene
delight as she gripped his hotly plunging shaft hard with her cuntal muscles.
She saw his eyes squint with pain and delight.  He grinned savagely at her, and
then their needy mouths locked together, step-daughter and step-father, while
the girl ground her hips up into his groin and bent her knees as much as she
could.  She wanted all of him in her, every last single inch.

      George gripped her with all his strength, his eyes bulging. He was going
to give her the fucking of his life, a fucking she would never forget.  He
gathered his strength, his teeth gritted. Damn, but she's tight, he thought.

      He enjoyed the rubber-glove feeling of tightness he was getting in her
moistly hot little pussy.  She trembled ecstatically at his slightest movement,
and he knew she was enjoying it.  He could feel the rubbery tightness in her
cuntal lips and the taut exciting way her tiny erect clitoris stood up when his
pubic hair rubbed against it.  She was loving it!  She was a slut and loving
every minute of it!

      They fucked, their now sweating bodies locked belly-to-belly as they
writhed and undulated.  He crushed her with his arms as he gasped, "You love it, you little bitch!"

      Her only reply was a low moan and her hips moved as if they were on ball
bearings as she fucked up against him with a wanton abandonment.

      "Tell me you love it!"
      Again she moaned as their sweating stomachs slid one against the other.
      "Tell me!"
      "I... I... like..."
      "Tell me!" his voice was a growl as his wetly lubricated cock slammed
like a jack hammer in and out of her tightly fitting cunt.

      "I... I like it."
      "Louder!"
      "I like it.  I like it."  Her voice began to waver and rise as she felt
the fucking rhythm increase and she worked to match thrust and thrust.  She
could feel his heavy balls slapping wetly against the tightly clenched cheeks
of her buttocks.  Her cuntal lubricant had seeped down into her anal crevice as
she fucked him with obscene abandon.  "I lllloovveee it!!!"  Her voice was low
and wanton, "I love it, fuck it, hurt me, fuck me, rape me!"  She was screaming
with lust now, and it seemed his cruel hurting hands were everywhere at once,
all over her body; at her hips, her thighs, her nipples, raking across her
wildly thrashing buttocks and splitting her ass-cheeks open while a cruel
outstretched finger stabbed at her puckered little anus!

      "Fuck me, fuck me all night!" she moaned, spitting the word, "Fuck" out
with delight and feeling and obscene pleasure shudder through her body at the
forbidden word.  "Fuck me!"

      George closed his eyes and thought of nothing but driving it home.  They
fucked, crushing the wild sweet grass beneath their bodies, slipping and
bucking across the slope until they were splashing in the water.  I'll continue
to fuck her even if she drowns!  Fuck it, I ain't gonna stop now.

      He fucked her as he felt her tensing beneath him and her moaning becoming
deeper and more rhythmic; it was only then that he felt his own heated cum
building in his balls to the point where they ached.

      "Aaaaagghhh!"  He felt her body suddenly full of a wanton strength as she
arched up beneath him and her body began trembling deeply.  Then she was
fighting him like a game fish before falling back into helpless spasms of
searing ecstasy as her first orgasm convulsed her.

      That was too much for the step-father and, with a guttural roar, he came,
pumping powerful spurts of his white-hot cum deep into her cunt, filling her up
so that it spurted out all around his wildly jerking shaft.  Then grinning, he
pulled his eagerly ejaculating cock out and let it flop on her stomach where it
continued to pump sticky white sperm onto her nakedly rippling stomach.

      She lay with her loins and stomach glistening with cum, completely
relaxed, feeling like putty, feeling tired, very tired ... and a little
uncertain about her own emotions.

      George rolled off her with a groan and lay catching his breath for awhile
before he got up and slowly dressed.  His clothes on, he looked down at the
still naked Sandy and spat in the water, then turned and climbed up the
embankment.

      Left by herself, Sandy had rolled over, sobbed, and lay still until it
was almost dark.  Then she slowly got dressed, a sad and weary young girl and
went home.  Two months later she realized her afternoon encounter had left her
pregnant.  She'd let her mother believe it was Curtis' fault, a young freshman
boy she'd been seeing on the sly.  It caused an uproar, predictably enough, but
the reticent girl refused to tell the truth, reasoning she had been hurt
enough, there was no reason to destroy her mother's life, too.

      The baby was adopted out from the hospital -- a darling seven pound baby
girl with black hair and brown eyes.  Sandy had seen her infant through the
maternity ward's glass window, but never once did she hold her baby, never felt
it squirm in her arms.  For nine months she had been holed up with nothing to
do but watch her body grow to a distended grotesque shape, and those months in
solitude had taken their toll.  The thirteen year old girl made a vow to
herself on her first teenage birthday, to never, never allow any one man to
claim such a great part of her.

      Any psychiatrist would say it was a natural rebellious response to a
stressful situation, that she had been far too young to bear the burden alone
with no natural father to help her through the rough times and dreary, lonely nights.

      Predictably, it had been all down hill from there, though Chris would
never have believed it possible for her girlfriend to sink any lower into the
depths of confused depravity she was exhibiting now in her twenty-second year
of life.  From what little Sandy had confessed, she'd spent most of her time
hot-rodding around town with the loose crowd in high school -- smoking dope,
drinking beer, having wild parties.  Everything a young girl should not even
know about, let alone indulge in.

      In college it had been the same way.  Chris was the only friend who stuck
by her, sometimes out of pity, occasionally out of unsatisfied desire to have a
sister, but always out of genuine sincere friendship for Sandy, confused and
ravaged though she had become.

      Sandy's carefree, live-for-today, the hell-with-tomorrow attitudes could
be a bit disconcerting sometimes, though, particularly when Sandy seemed to
bounce from one man to the next, from one affair to another, without a trace of
scars from the frequent, and often tempestuous breakups.

      And Chris, her one and only real love experience now just a shattered
memory, still hated herself for crying softly sometimes in the night as she
remembered those wonderful times with Mark. She hated him now, loathed his
brutality and cowardice, but she still thought of him on lonely nights when she
lay there on the other side of the door listening to her roommate making love
in low soft whispers and giggles.

      Chris O'Brien stared out of the window, watching Sandy get off the Geary
Street bus, a boy right behind her.  Chris witnessed all of Sandy's feminine
tricks: the flinging of her long black mane of her hair over her shoulder, the
hip-thrust stance that could provoke the Pope himself, and the carefree style
in which she handed the stranger her telephone number as casually as if he were
asking for a donation for the Salvation Army.  Oh, no, thought Chris with a
gasp of disbelief.  Another night listening to Sandy making it with another
stranger... it never ends.  She let the curtain fall from her clutching
fingertips with a movement that might have been a sigh.




                                    White Slave Chapter 3

      Chris listened apprehensively to the key turning in the lock, waiting for
her roommate to step through the door.  They'd have to discuss their money
tragedy, Chris knew, and this might be the last free moment of Sandy's
man-hungry day before the telephone started ringing and the doorbell buzzing.

      "Hi, ya!" beamed Sandy, closing the door behind her handing Chris her
mail.  "Here... look."  She thrust an official looking envelope in Chris'
hands.  Food-stamps.  First of the month.  What do you say we buy a couple of
Porterhouse steaks and celebrate? God, it seems like an eternity since we've
had a real meal," she complained, collapsing on the faded velour couch with a
squeak of the protesting springs.  "Mine came too, only I got them for a whole family."

      "What?"  But Sandy, you don't have a family.  How did you get $128
worth?"  She waved the envelope accusingly in the air, one hand on her levied hip.

      The black-headed girl shrugged casually.  "Simple, I just told them I had
a husband home sick, and this neat looking guy told me to follow him and fill
out the forms."  She pulled open her shoulderbag, and, searching for her pack
of cigarettes, found them and tore open the top and shook out two, one for each of them.

      Chris hissed through clenched teeth.  "Damn it, Sandy. That's fraud!
Don't you read the newspapers?" she blurted heatedly.  "They're cleaning house
down at the welfare department. Anybody who's caught telling lies to get
foodstamps is up for fraud, and that's a federal offense."

      Sandy tutted.  "Oh, don't be silly Chris.  How is anybody going to find
out I don't have a husband and two kids?  Why don't you look at the bright
side?"  The green eyed girl spread her hands and shrugged.  "We're getting $128
worth of free food and you're complaining?  It was easy: I borrowed somebody's
kids in exchange for a joint.  No big deal."  Her long lithe arm reached over
to the end table and long red fingertips clutched the match book.

      Chris' platform shoes made clunking sounds as she nervously shifted her
weight from one foot to the other.  "Oh swell.  Just don't call me up when the
authorities start looking for you!" They were riding the red line of poverty,
and it was wearing on both girl's patience.

      Sandy stood up on one foot to light Chris' cigarette off of her own
smoldering one, then handed it to her grateful roommate. That last cigarette
butt just hadn't cut it.

      "And what about the rent?"  Chris blinked as the pungent smoke attacked
her eyes with the first heavy draw on the virgin cigarette.  "Any idea how
we're going to pay that?  God, do you have any idea of how much we owe Roger as
of tomorrow?  She counted it out on her fingers, letting her lit cigarette
dangle unfemininely from her lips.  "$140 for last month and the same for this
month.  That's $280 we have no way of earning."

      Sandy's green eyes fastened on her roommate, and blinked in downcast
acquiesence.  Chris was right, there was no way to avoid that horrifying truth.
Yes, they were in trouble and it was mostly her fault.  But why couldn't Chris
understand that was why she'd gone to the welfare office and lied to the social
worker. The dark haired girl drew in her breath with a desperate gasp. The Aid
to Dependent Children form she'd filled out this morning was a lie too!  What
if Chris were right?  What if she did get caught for welfare fraud!  Oh, Jesus!
But at the time, she thought defensively, she was certain she was doing the
right thing.  And everybody did it; it was no big thing.  California the
welfare state and all that jive...

      "Listen," gestured Sandy with the palm of her hand.  "I'll talk to Roger
myself.  I know that creep who ripped off your money was my responsibility.
I'm in the wrong... as usual," the emotional girl said for the thousandth time
in her life, "and I'll go down to talk to Roger.  Okay?"

      Chris, seeing the distraught look in her roommate's eyes, felt instantly
repentant for her emotional outburst and accusations, though most of them
remained unspoken.  "I'm sorry, Sandy," sighed Chris, sinking to her knees and
grabbing her friend's hand in hers.  "I don't mean to sound like such a bitch.
It's just that I'm really disappointed in everything that's happened to us
since we've been in San Francisco.  No job, no money, no chance to go out and
explore... and no dates... well you've had no problems in that department, but
I'm not as outgoing as you are," she admitted with a wince.  "I don't mean to
get so uptight."

      Sandy stroked her friend's hair with sisterly affection. "That's okay,
Chris.  I understand.  But I hope it won't hurt your feelings if I tell you
that since you and Mark broke up last spring you've been really uptight.  I
know what you need," grinned Sandy with a knowing smirk.  She nodded her head
for emphasis. "Yeah, that's the problem," she giggled giving her friend's head a loving pat.

      Chris stared up into her roommate's twinkling, devilishly green eyes.
The truth was written there by the hand of experience.  If anyone should know
the merits of a healthy sex life, it was Sandy -- unattestably Sandy.

      "Hey, friend," soothed Sandy.  "Why don't you go in and take a good hot
bath.  I just brought some vanilla scented bubble bath from this neat store
that sells nothing but organic products.  " She tutted with self-recrimination.
"I know I shouldn't have spent the money," she admitted, rolling her eyes in
her flirtatious manner, and sticking out her pouty lower lip like a child
caught with his hand in the cookie jar and trying to lie his way out of it.
"But the clerk told me it had the correct PH balance and all that... well, I
just couldn't resist.  Anyway, take a hot bath, calm down and sprinkle some of
that vanilla bubble bath in.  It smells so sexy!"

      "Sounds good to me," smiled Chris heading for the bathroom, wondering how
Sandy could con her into anything, marveling at her magic touch.

      With Sandy's giggle still ringing in her ears, Chris turned on the radio
and sauntered toward the bathroom and pulled off her tee shirt and Levi's,
leaving her bikini and bra on long enough to dart to her bedroom and pull a
fresh towel from her bureau drawer.

      Later, as the blonde haired girl prepared to step into the warm, sudsy
bath water she had drawn, her reflection in the cracked mirror caught her eye.
On the whole she was satisfied with what she saw.  She was not as full breasted
as her teasingly voluptuous roommate, but her breasts were firm and round.
Testing the bathwater with her toe, she unsnapped her bra and pulled it from
her arms, then pulled down and kicked off her panties.

      Chris stared into the mirror again, this time running her hands over her
satin-smooth skin, and bringing up both palms to cup the rounded swells of her
lushly ripening young breasts, rolling the erectile nipples between her fingers
until they were distended and the areolas puckered up around them, the warm
flush of tumescence spreading through her -- the feeling of need, of desire, of
sexuality.  She turned for a profile view.  Maybe Sandy was right: what she
needed was a good long roll in the hay.

      If only Mark were here, she thought temptingly, stepping into the tepid
bath tub and sighing as the warm water lapped at her worried body.  Yes, Mark,
she ah-ah-ed, slipping down in the tub 'til her blonde hair floated on the
vanilla bubbles.  Mark had been her steady date through most of her sophomore
year in college and into her third year, too.  It had been mostly for
companionship that they spent time together studying and going to football
games; suddenly, and without their even knowing, their innocent infatuation
filled with hand-holding and necking, gave way to desperately passionate
sessions in Chris' apartment. Chris' resistance weakened further every time
until finally there had come the inevitable loss of her virginity.

      Being a virgin wasn't something she had particularly relished, not a
life-creed to be carried around on a signboard, just something that seemed
right for her.  The voluptuous blonde had never really made any plans about
keeping her virginity, or about losing it, for that matter.  But when it
happened, it just happened.  It was something she regretted now, not only
because her parents had come for that god-awful surprise visit the next day,
but because she hadn't anything... or anybody... to show for it now.

      The blonde, relishing in the feminine feel of the suds remembered that
night, that awful regrettable night.  As if to scatter those thoughts to the
wind, she dipped her hand into the suds and blew a stream of bubbles into the
moist air watching them as they popped and dissipated like time itself.

      Mark.  A perfect gentleman... most of the time, mused Chris now, feeling
sexy and feminine mummified in the vanilla bubbles. She remembered, too, the
Hawaiian sarong she had worn to the springtime fraternity party, how daring she
felt knowing one pull on that rope belt and her breasts would come tumbling
free.  She'd felt devilishly sinful that night, it may have been the full moon,
she later thought. But the boilermakers -- the virgin's lethal drink made of
tasteless wood alcohol and Hawaiian punch -- had a lot to do with it!  It had
tasted so good she'd had a glass, though she seldom drank... then another, and another.

      After the dance he'd driven her home and carried her to the door.
Apparently Sandy had let him in, but she could hardly blame her roommate for
that; Mark had spent many nights in their apartment when he didn't feel like
going back to his fraternity house room which he shared with a frat brother.
Mark had slung the door open with his shoulder and lay the lush half-conscious
body out on the soft mattress.

      "Oh," she'd mumbled thickly, stirring uneasily in her alcohol-sodden
slumber.  "Have I been asleep?  Mark, I'm so drunk!"

      "That's okay," the broad shouldered fraternity boy replied soothingly,
not wanting her to regain full consciousness just yet. It had been an age old
tradition in the fraternity; if you can't get your girl to make it with you
after the Hawaiian dance, all bets were off you ever would.  Besides, he'd had
a bet riding on it.  "You'll feel fine in the morning," he reassured.

      Chris couldn't help but giggle drunkenly at the thought of Mark playing
nurse to her.  But his thick strong fingers proved agile enough as he pulled on
the rope belt that held that single piece of fabric snug to her lithe body, and
slid the garment gently over her head, revealing most of her supple tempting
young bodily curves to his avidly searching eyes.

      Suddenly, Mark had become a man possessed, a maniac driven only by his
intense animal lust for her body.  Nothing else mattered to him that instant
but fucking his long, painfully hard cock into that warm hair-lined pussy no
man had ever touched, that damply glistening cleft he'd hungered for so long.
She was a woman to him now, a desirable young woman to be taken, a virgin born
for his sacrifice.

      He reached for her, grabbing her roughly before she had time to react,
before she could even cry out in surprise, a deep beast- like groan erupting
from his throat as he pulled her roughly in prone position on the bed.

      "Please, Mark, please... we can't... w-we can't!" she moaned piteously as
he held her down with one lust-strengthened hand and ran the other greedily
over the lush contours of her nakedly struggling body, kneading her ripe
succulent breasts cruelly with hands now beyond his control, hands that acted
as if they were possessed with a spirit beyond his own.  Pinkish ridges of her
softly delicate flesh protruded between his straining fingers as his head had
dropped to the budding young nipples and chewed hungrily at their tips until he
had felt the tenderly resilient flesh give way and the salty taste of blood
seeping onto his lashing tongue.

      "Oh, no, not like this.  It can't be like this!" she moaned, more in
anguish than in anger.  But her plea was unheeded.

      In his madness, he still held her wildly straining body tightly to the
bed, imprisoning her there by he heavy tensed chest that weighed upon her lithe
slenderness like a giant crushing boulder.  Her long blonde hair began
thrashing from side to side on the bed, her beautiful face contorted with
anguish.  She pleaded until the words become nothing but incoherent mutterings
of jumbled words.

      And it was then that he brutally fucked her the first time, robbed her of
her virginity in a frenzy of jungle passion gone wild.

      Ignoring the low moaning pleas, Mark rolled on top of the violently
struggling coed, catching her body just as her long, slimly tapered legs had
scissored out in one last desperate effort to escape his brutal assault.  His
hips had fallen down tightly against the mattress.  The soft down of her thinly
curling pubic hair brushed teasingly against his throbbing cock, inciting him
to insane mumblings of crazed uncontrollable lust.

      She felt the anguish of that night even now as she recalled it so
clearly, like slow-motion frames from an old movie as it flashed in her brain.
His knees were spreading hers wide apart, and he was grinding his pelvis hard
into her squirmingly defenseless crotch, completely naked and vulnerable then
to his rapacious assault.  She felt once again the spasmodic jerkings of her
own fleshy inner thighs as he drove his hand between them. Mark was searching
for that elusive treasure, that jewel-like never-before-penetrated orifice
between her wildly trembling legs. And then he found it!  He jammed his
heatedly throbbing cock up between her widespread legs, following the guide of
his hand in the semi-darkness of the bedroom, and then shoved his blood-filled
prick's head between her fleshy cuntal lips with a groan, he brutally thrust it
all the way forward without hesitation up into her quivering pussy, deflowering
her like a kidnapped Sabine maiden prostrate before her barbarian captor.
Chris shrieked in agony and kicked her legs out wildly in the air in a futile
attempt to escape the cruel impalement.  Her frantic movement only worsened her
plight, however, opening the depths of her unplowed furrow to his plundering
cock as it hotly rammed deeper and deeper into her yielding cuntal flesh.  At
last, his pelvis smacked down hard against hers, signaling the hoped-for end of
her agony as his rigidly beating cock slid all the way up inside her trembling
belly, the warm wet bloody walls of her cunt wrapped tightly around the fleshy
hardness like a moist warm glove.

      But the aroused fraternity boy hadn't stopped there.  He didn't even give
Chris a chance to adjust to the sudden unexpected presence deep in her virginal
young womb.  He just began to fuck her, thrusting in and out of her like a
mongrel dog mounting a bitch in heat, and with about that much concern for her
enjoyment and happiness.  He had only thought of one thing -- to spew his hot,
thick sperm deep inside of her tight little pussy where it belonged and where
he had yearned to empty it for so long now.  He vented his lust against her
torturedly groaning body time after time, flooding her cringing belly again and
again with the hot white liquid of over a year's frustrated waiting and hoping
until finally... his cum was gone.

      And this was the boy she'd been thinking of marrying!  Chris had awakened
in the night, sobbing from a nightmare she was not convinced was real until she
saw the blood smeared evidence on her inner thighs.

      Worst of all, her parents had chosen that next day to come visit her!
She'd been too ashamed to crawl out of that bed to and greet them.  And Mark,
damn him!  He laughed through the afternoon thinking it extremely funny while
she sobbed into her pillow.

      That was the last she saw of him.




                                  White Slave Chapter 4

      Chris pulled the belt to her fleecy robe tight around her still damp body
and wrapping a towel around her sopping, freshly shampooed hair, emerged from
the bathroom to find the landlord pacing back and forth in the living room a
letter in one hand, a cigarette in the other.  On the sofa sat Sandy,
pale-faced and saucer-eyed, taking inhumanely long drags off her cigarette and
exhaling with exhausting force.  The blue smoky aura around her dark hair
testified to the lengthy encounter between the renter and rentee.  A tale of
woe for poverty-stricken victims of America's unemployed.  Chris heard nothing
above the low roar of the top 40 rock station except for the words 'welfare
fraud' and 'eviction.'  Fear froze her to the floor, her two feet two ice cubes
melted to the tray.  She clenched her jaws tight.  Damn!

      Roger stood straight and tall, his body abuzz with the excitement of
facing a challenge most men would have cringed at. Roger could not remember
when he had come up with the idea; probably it wasn't the sort of plan that was
conceived all at once, but rather the result of several years as being a
landlord and listening to half-hearted excuses and rationalizations for late
rent and middle-of-the-night moves.  He did remember the night he was woken up
at two o'clock in the morning and, suspecting one of his tenant's of beating up
his girl friend, broke in with his master key in time to see her flailing her
hair back and forth on a love-crumpled bed while an embarrassed middle- aged
man fucked in and out of her buttocks.  In the kitchen the tenant sat smoking
marijuana and drinking beer, keeping a close eye on the kitchen clock.  A
dollar a minute counts up�fast! Damn!  Roger had thought at the time, I'm going
through hell trying to collect the rent, and these bastards make twice that
much in one night.  Why not cash in on a piece of the action? he'd asked
himself numerous times.

      Hell, at that rate he could quit driving a cab and stay at home to make
money.  Legitimate money took time, especially with taxes and insurance -- all
the crap that drains your pocket for no reason but to keep the money flowing.

      The first step had been to con two Mexican girls -- lovely pieces of ass
they were -- into chaperoning a couple of businessmen Roger had taxied to
Broadway street where they wanted a quick floor show and blow job, something
their wives wouldn't put out for.  One phone call to the girls and snap!  Fifty
bucks in his hand.  Nobody got hurt and everybody was happy: Fifty bucks in his
hand.  Nobody got hurt and everybody was happy: the businessmen got laid, the
girls got twenty-five dollars each, and Roger the other half.

      With Margaret Sorenson it had been a case of coincidence, too, he
rationalized to himself.  Boy, she'd been crying her heart out for a man since
old Sandor was blown to bits by that accident. She'd come pounding on Roger's
door every day spilling out her woes, making promises for paying the rent...
even offering to clean his place!  How could a bachelor refuse an offer like
that? Finding out about her inheritance... well, that hadn't been quite as
accidental.  He'd never thought he'd resort to steaming open mail, but it
proved worthwhile.  Old Margaret was sitting on a Goddamned nest-egg, just
crying for somebody to share it with. Couple more months and he might be a
married man.

      But these two girls.  Whow!  They were in hot water up to their pretty
virgin asses.  Welfare fraud, he tutted to himself, pivoting to see the blonde
haired girl staring wild-eyed behind him.

      "Come sit down, Chris," he motioned toward the sofa.  "I've got something
here you had better know about."  His brown paw waved an official looking
letter in the air, gesturing for her to sit next to her roommate.

      The roommate's eyes locked for a terrified second and, feeling the burden
of the guilt, Sandy winced, wrinkling up her perky nose and, as if to beg
pardon, shook out a cigarette and handed it to her solemn-faced roommate whose
every blink of the eye was a righteously wielded accusation of
irresponsibility.

      Roger, studying the nipples spiking out from the blonde girl's robe,
smiled appreciatively in a tight smirk.  Yes, she would sell well, he thought
to himself, waiting for his audience to snap alert under his threatening gaze.
"To fill you in on the facts, Chris, this is a letter from the social service
department of San Francisco... I assume you know who they are since you've been
getting foodstamps for the past month."

      Chris nodded her turbaned head.
      "As landlord I was mailed this letter to ask a few questions about your
living situation.  According to this xeroxed form, Sandra... that's you," he
blinked his chocolate eyes at the dark haired girl who cowered in the sofa, one
leg hugged up to her chest, her dimpled chin resting on her knee, "are supposed
to be married to a Christopher O'Brien and supporting two children." He flung
the letter to the side table and feigning a glare, thrust his hands in his
pockets and resumed his pacing.

      Silence fell on the room, broken only by the dull crackle of a radio that
hummed out Bob Dylan's "Dear Landlord... put a price on my soul."  Sandy
stifled an irresponsible giggle; it was almost funny in a desperate sort of
way, but Chris' elbow in her ribs put a somber look back on her pixie face.

      "So... what do we do about it?" Sandy pouted, sighed and tutted.  "Okay,"
she said in a monotone voice, "... so I lied. Now what are you going to do
about it?  Have me locked up?  Call my family?  Good luck if you do."

      Roger drew in a deep breath and rested his finger on his lower lip.  "If
I wanted to get nasty about it, I could do just that.  Welfare fraud is
becoming one of the most common crimes in this city, and the taxpayers are
goddamned sick of it... especially since all these young people are coming out
here to the West coast without jobs and sucking up all the welfare so the
people who really need it go hungry.  Papers are full of cases."

      Chris wriggled uncomfortably on the sofa, fearing the worst. One glance
at Roger and she knew he wasn't going to give them a break.

      "Then there's the matter of your rent being overdue," his brown intense
eyes snapped wider like shutters on springs.  "Two months now and you girls
haven't paid me a dime.  Legally I could have you out of here in thirty days..."

      Chris was the first to break.  She rested her head in her hands and
sobbed three times before regaining her composure. Today had been an emotional
nightmare, saying nothing about financial.  An apologetic feminine hand stroked
her arm as she squeezed out the last tear.

      "Oh damn," sighed Roger, gleaming over his success.  Shit! He had them
now.  Get a woman in tears and she loses all rationale.  Now was the time to
snap it to them; they'd be putty in his hands, their will broken, ready to be
molded to his wishes. "I didn't mean to make you cry, but this is a serious
matter. Christ, I can't count the number of young girls who've lived in this
building -- just out of school, away from home for the first time, thinking
they'll come out to old SF and teach the world tricks."  He shook his head
negatively.  "Life ain't that way, girls.  It ain't that simple."

      "But... but we've tried looking for work.  Honest we have!" Chris' ivory
white forehead was wrinkled with a solemn plea for mercy.  "We've spent all the
money we had on bus fare and god, I even sacrificed my last dollar for a pair
of stockings to go to a crummy interview -- and I didn't even want the Job!"
She looked pleadingly into Sandy's tear-blurred eyes.  Sandy nodded in acquiescence.

      "Really," she moaned in her flirtatiously childish manner, the expression
on her face one of a hungry orphan begging for a bowl of rice.  "It's not that
we haven't tried or don't have any brains.  God, we both graduated from college
and... and I speak Spanish and Chris speaks French."  She shrugged her
shoulders and spread her hands entreatingly.

      "Spanish? you say?"  Ah, ha, mused Roger silently, stroking his full
mustache with glee.  This was the opener.  "French?"

      The girls nodded simultaneously.
      "Hmmm... I might be able to help you... that is, if you really want a
job."  He continued pacing, one hand thrust into his polyester suit pants, the
other still working on his mustache, while his brown eyes clicked off the
dollar signs.  The surreptitious landlord glanced over at the rentees to see
them sitting up straight, ready to take orders.  "Naw.  You girls went to
college huh?  What were your majors?"  His eyes sparkled as they probed every
inch of feminine flesh... two hundred a nights worth.

      "I majored in art with a double major in French, and Sandy majored in
modern dance and speaks Spanish... she's part Spanish, you know," the spokesman assured.

      "You girls ever worked in crowds of people?  I mean have you ever been hostesses or tour guides?"
      "No," answered Sandy, somewhat disconcertedly.
      "But we can try!" Chris blurted.
      "I... I don't know..." Roger made a turn at the mantle and rested his
elbow on the chipped paint and stroked his neck with that hand.  "You'd have to
spend time around men... many of them foreigners."  He smacked his lips and
shook his head.  "Maybe you'd be better off trying the lunch counters down town..."

      "No, wait a minute!  Tell us more about this job," implored Chris,
sitting on the edge of the sofa now, ablaze with interest, desperate for a
break.  The prospect of going back to Detroit was about as appealing as making
love to an elephant.

      "Okay," Roger confronted them in his military stance, arms behind his
back, legs spread.  "I have some friends who own a tour guide business
downtown... old buddies of mine from the army. They make contact with the bus
guide tours and instead of sending everybody out in buses they take them out
sometimes singly, sometime in pairs.  What they need is somebody to chaperone
the guys, somebody who can speak Spanish or French... adds a little class, you know."

      Sandy's eyes sparkled.  It was a dream come true, but Chris looked
puzzled, her face still mirroring her concern over the money and the way her
landlord kept stealing peeks down the gaping front of her bathrobe.  She yanked
it shut tight.

      "So what do we have to do?"
      "Simple.  You go out to dinner with the guys... there will be wives along
sometimes," he admitted with a sly smirk.  "You impress the guy by ordering in
another language... that's always worth a tip, especially from businessmen who
are out to impress some client... then you hop a cable car and take 'em to the
wharf maybe... out for a couple of drinks, tell 'em about the landmarks of the
city -- how Golden Gate Park used to be a sand pit, and everything east of
Market street is landfill... you know.  Little bits like that.  Mostly you just
play nice to 'em and they treat you well."

      "I don't know," said Chris, biting on her lower lip nervously.  "Sounds
kinda fishy to me... almost like... like, well, you know."  She turned to read
the expression on her roommate's face.  "What do you think, Sandy?"

      Marvel-eyed, Sandy shot a beaming grin at the landlord.  "I think it's
great!  When do we start and how much money will we make?  I'll have to get my
clothes together for this!"

      Roger looked a little perplexed, but at the same time he was relieved.
He knew if he could persuade Chris, he'd have it sacked, but she was the
cautious one, he noted.  "What about you, Chris.  How do you feel about it?  I
know it's not what you expected to do with a college diploma, but it's the best
I can offer.  Besides, the foreign tourists in San Francisco have a lot of
class."  He studied her unmoved expression.  "Well, I know you'd rather sit in
an office for eight hours a day, but..."

      "Let me think about it," broke in the blonde haired roommate. "I want to think this over."
      Sandy wrinkled up her nose and tugged Chris' bathrobe sleeve, her eyes on
Roger as she whispered into Chris' ear: "Come on, it's no big thing.  We'd at
least be able to eat and get out to see the city."  Pulling her bathrobe tight
around her, and letting the bath towel unwind with a vigorous shake of her
head, Chris stalked off to her bedroom and closed the door behind her.  It
seemed cheap somehow, going out with a man you'd never seen before.  Why, it
was the closest thing to prostitution she'd ever imagined herself coming in
contact with.  She closed her bedroom door behind her.

      One room away, Chris could hear Sandy's throaty voice apologizing for her
roommate's abrupt response.  "Don't pay any attention to her, she's just very
upset today," she heard Sandy explain.

      Roger returned: "Okay, you girls think it over and come down to my
apartment tonight and tell me what you want to do. Remember, I still have two
months rent to collect and this letter from the foodstamp office is nothing to
scoff at.  It's serious business... could cost you both a lot of money and time
behind bars if you're not careful.  I'm just trying to help you out, is all.
I've got my responsibilities too."

      Sandy caught his arm before he reached out to open the door. "Just one
thing," she said hesitantly.  "Does this mean we have to go to bed with the
men?"  Her eyes sparkled and the landlord read the message loud and clear.

      Dropping his hand to the doorknob he rested it there and said, "If you
do, it'll earn you a bunch more, that's all I can tell you."

      When he left, closing the door behind him, Sandy leaned up against the
hardwood door, her eyes smiling for her.  No use giving away what you can
charge for, she resolved and headed for Chris' bedroom for a long, practical
talk with her best friend of four years.




                                  White Slave Chapter 5

      Roger's apartment was on the second floor in the back where his living
room window overlooked a small rose garden in the middle of the concrete stone
maze of apartment buildings and garages.  It was the only apartment with such a
view, blessed in its solitudinous location and free of traffic noise.  Best of
all, it had an exceptionally large living room, good for entertaining and
business combined.

      Tonight, though, he didn't need the rose garden.  Tonight was that
certain lucky moment every man dreams of but seldom finds. Christ, what a girl,
what a hell of a woman!

      "Mmmmm... that's nice, honey, nice and deep," came the hoarse whisper
through the darkness.  Sandy's levis, blouse and underclothes were strewn
haphazardly on the floor beside the couch, and her long trim legs were cocked
back at a forty-five degree angle, flattened back hard against her chest,
smashing the firmly swelling mounds of her young breasts beneath her own thighs.

      Roger was half on his knees and half arched off the sofa, supported on
his feet and palms, his long pulsating hard cock buried deep in the dark-haired
girl's belly, stretching apart the warm hungry lips of her cunt as he flexed
the head of his huge fleshy length far up in her womb.

      'Oh, yes, yes," she moaned, "God, you feel so good inside of me!"
      He smiled a little to himself and tightened his loins, jerking the
heatedly bulging head of his cock deep up inside the hot moistness of her cunt,
bringing a grateful moan to her ovalled lips.  He flexed the rigidly throbbing
thickness again and the young girl gasped in pleasure as the enormous
instrument probed the previously untried depths of her cuntal passage, far up
inside her belly.  Other shrill cries escaped her lips as the powerful landlord
began a slow revolving motion with his pelvis and her hotly seeping cuntal
cavern gradually became accustomed to this thick invading prick stretching her
to the limit.  He pushed his pelvis tight against her upturned,
wetly-glistening pussy and ground his cock deeply into her, expanding the
still-quivering walls until her moistly warm pussy fit his massive cock as
though it had been a custom-made glove.

      Roger reached past the nakedly writhing body of the black haired girl and
yanked at the cords of the draperies, pulling them further apart so that the
room was bathed in a fine glow of moonlight over the rose garden that outlined
each one of the warm, smoothly gleaming curves.  The naked girl's translucent
skin glowed like an ivory statue of a goddess and her softly fleshed breasts
were two alabaster mounds, capped with a little brown nipples, hard and
throbbing, as Roger thrust his long, hard manhood deep into the hungrily
clasping sheath up between her wide-spread legs.  Sandy's eyes were closed, her
teeth tightly clenched, and her face distorted from the delicious torment of
his rigidly thick organ in her eager young cunt.

      Afraid to believe his eyes, the landlord ran his sweating palms over the
girl's naked flesh, rubbing lewdly the moonshaped firm cheeks of her supple
buttocks as his fingers delicately probed the hair-lined cuntal lips tightly
clamped around his impaling cock.  His fingertip flicked tentatively at her
tightly puckered little anus as his hand eased between their sweat-soaked
bodies; his finger pressed painfully against the opening, then suddenly popped
through the tiny nether ring and wormed deeply up into the soft rubbery flesh
inside her rectum.  It moved around, expanding the small hole until the palm of
his hand lay flattened against her yielding ass-cheeks, his whole middle finger
sunk all the way up inside the forbidden little tunnel.

      Roger simply couldn't believe his luck.  This was just too much for any
man!  Just an hour ago, he'd been sitting quietly, sipping his bourbon and
water, cautiously laying out the details of his plan for those two girls up on
the thirteenth floor... and now this!  Damn, he'd had his share of women, but
never a hot little bitch like this one.  Christ, she'd practically torn his
pants off trying to get at his cock, licking it, nibbling at it as though it
were food and she'd been starving for a week!  And now, hell, she was hotter
than a firecracker on the fourth of July.

      He began a hard rhythmic fucking motion in and out of Sandy's moistly
stretched pussy, thrusting forward mercilessly from his arched backstroke and
battering her writhing body back hard against the sofa cushions, all the while
continuing the relentless plundering of her anus with his rigid finger, slowly
pistoning it in rhythm with long, skewering thrust of his lust-distended cock,
bringing loud sobbing gasps from her half-opened lips in time with agonizing
tempo of his finger and his cock fucking her at once. He could feel the
hardness of his cock through the thin fleshy membrane between her cuntal and
anal channel as he rammed into her again and again; his finger, plundering her
hopelessly stretched little asshole, rubbed along the whole throbbing length of
his prick as it wetly slithered deep into her cunt.

      Sandy was enjoying every delicious second of it -- through a series of
unusual circumstances, she'd been without a man for two days now, and nothing
on earth could have felt better than this, the blood-boiling ecstasy of a long,
hard male cock fucked deep into her craving young belly.  That was the way she
liked it, and the harder and bigger it was, the better.  Being fucked by a man
like this was always brought out those suppressed masochistic urges she kept
hidden in everyday life and lying flat on her back like this, absolutely naked
and helpless, she could let those shameful desires and passions run rampant
through her writhing body, could pull her knees back tight against her breasts
and savor wondrously the deep, burrowing thrusts of a man's cock far up inside
her moistly heated cuntal passage.  Roger was very well-hung, and she liked
that most of all in a man, and now, nothing else mattered!...

      One floor above, someone was thinking identical thoughts. Margaret
Sorenson plumped up her feather pillow for the fourth time that night and
peeled up the afghan that sat folded at the foot of her man-empty bed.  Already
she'd taken one Sominex, and it had done nothing but depress her and make her
feet tingle with a strange, drugged sensation.  And it was late, the clock
warned, as she finally sat up in bed and flicked on the night lamp beside her
bed, standing next to the photograph of Sandor.

      With a groan of self-loathing, she lovingly picked up the metal framed
photograph of her deceased husband.  He stood on a pier, a huge oceanliner
behind him; it was taken in 1968 when she and Sandor got off the boat to face
their destiny in America.  How happy and vibrant he looked!  Margaret blinked
back the tears, bit into her lip and put it back to its bedside grave.

      What would dear, wonderful Sandor think if he knew that at that very
moment she lay in bed lonely and anguished... for the want of another man!  A
man who had given her his love with promises for more, and then carefully
avoided her.

      She wailed, covering her face with her hands, a wave of remorse washing
over her as she struggled to keep from going to Roger's door and pounding angry
fists against it.  Where was the love she needed so badly?  She'd done
everything she could to please him -- cooked for him, cleaned for him, and...
and oh my God, he realized she'd done that too.  She'd had oral love with him.

      No!  Her Swedish pride screamed a shaking finger at her.  She couldn't go
down there and embarrass herself in front of him.  But damn!  Roger was all she
had now, and she couldn't stand to lose him too.  Instead, she would take
another sleeping pill, count sheep, and cry herself to sleep.  But never, never
would she humiliate herself in front of him.

      The pill sipped easily down her throat and she turned off the lights...
      One floor below, Sandy's hips were moving with a savage rhythm now,
grinding up against her landlord's hairy loins with increasing speed as he
stepped up the dual pace of his cock and finger ravaging both hot hungry holes
down there between her quivering legs.

      "Yes, yes, Goddamn it yes!  Fuck me, oh, shit, yes.  Fuck me, darling!"
she cried, squirming her body lewdly around beneath Roger's pelvis, knocking
the sofa cushions askew in her mindless passion.

      The wanton young girl opened her eyes... she could see the clear
unmistakable silhouette of a man hovering over her, but the face was a blank
shadow.  She raised her neck slightly, looking down between her upturned thighs
and saw the long, glistening shaft of his hardened cock sliding easily in and
out of her wildly quivering cunt.  A cold chill raced along her spine as he
thrust his hips forward, driving the thick gleaming pole up into the hot
wetness of her tightly clasping tunnel.  It didn't matter that his face was
invisible; in fact, it almost seemed right... she needed a man, any man, his
face was of no importance.  What she needed -- what she yearned for -- was
buried deliciously now up between her smooth bare thighs.

      The ecstasy soon reached a bone-shattering peak.  "Oh, God, yes, don't
stop!  Fuck me like this forever, baby!  Don't stop! Yes, oh yes, fuck me!" She
grunted her words into the chill darkness, grinding her naked young ass up
against him faster and faster, trying to keep up with the monstrous pole of hot
flesh that was skewering her like a heavy hunk of meat, pounding its long way
deeper and deeper up into her belly with a frantic, animal tempo.

      It was impossible to keep up the heated pace any longer; she felt too
goddamned good.  Roger could not hold back another second, and he took one
lustful look at the abandonedly writhing young brunette pinned helplessly
beneath the weight of his body and began fast, pushing thrusts that buried his
powerfully pulsating prick right up to the pubic hairs on his pelvis with each
and every deep, skewering lunge.  Faster and faster he pounded, far up into her
hot raging little belly, every muscle tensed, sweat dripping from his chest and
thighs, faster, harder, deeper...

      "No, no, please!  Wait!  Please wait just a little longer ...!" Sandy
cried, as she realized he was about to cum.  But it was too late, for Roger's
lips parted and a long low groan of relief escaped as his sperm-swollen balls
heatedly pumped spurt after spurt of white hot cum deep into her quivering
cunt.  The brunette girl ground her frantically writhing loins up tightly
against his pelvis in a futile attempt to halt the warm flow, but she was
betrayed by her own eager cunt which hungrily milked his jerking cock, until
every last drop of his viscous load was sloshing deep up inside her passion
distended womb.

      Roger pulled himself off the still squirming girl, his cock slithering
wetly from her heated depths as the thickly bearded pink lips of her cunt
reluctantly released their prize.  A thin string of white stickiness hung
momentarily from the tip of his limply dangling cock before it fell onto her
smooth unblemished thighs.

      Sandy lay quietly, at least as quietly as she could considering the
sexual turmoil churning in her loins, as Roger stretched out beside her, his
prick lying uselessly between his wide-spread thighs.  Her full young breasts
rose and fell rapidly as she gasped for breath to fill her passion-emptied
lungs and still the flames of undiluted passion raging uncontrollably in her
cunt -- a scorching inferno of unfulfilled animal desires that still painfully
awaited relief.  Without any conscious effort, as if in a dream and she was
alone with no one to witness her shamefulness, her own hands began to ease
slowly along the flat expanse of her belly, drawn as if by magic to the fluffy
little vee between her thighs.  The fingertips of both hands brushed lightly
over the puffy hot lips of her wetly hungry crevice, and a jolt of excitement
shot through her torso as she began caressing the incredibly sensitive folds.
One outstretched slender finger slipped inside the sperm soaked opening as if
it had a mind of its own, and she could feel the softly moist walls close
involuntarily around the invader, hungrily gasping at anything to fill the painful void.

      She jerked her hand away quickly as she felt the sofa move ever so
slightly; and she saw Roger kneeling at the other end, still completely naked,
his long penis clutched between the clenched fingers of his left hand like some
menacing weapon at the ready.  Above her like that in the nearly blackened
room, he towered over her like some medieval giant.  She couldn't take her eyes
off his rubbery cock, and he watched her, pleased with himself, as she kept her
attention focused on the fleshy pole dangling from his wet, hair-covered loins.
As she stared, mesmerized, it began to swell, only a little at first, in a tiny
quivering crawl, then more, in pulsating movements of new growth as the
momentum of desire grew stronger within him.

      "You don't have to play with yourself, baby.  I've got all the cock you
can handle," he lewdly grinned.  "Now turn over like a good little girl, and
I'll show you what I mean..."

      Sandy rolled over obediently on the couch, smearing the sticky trail of
sperm from her thighs onto the sofa cushions.  She lay quietly on her stomach,
waiting for him to tell her what to do; she knew men like to give the orders,
and she didn't mind obeying, particularly if it meant another taste of that
magnificent penis.  Anyway, she'd always liked it dog-fashion from behind; on
her knees the penetration seemed even deeper, and that was perfect as far as
she was concerned...

      Twenty minutes had passed in that lonely, rucked up bed with only
Margaret's mature body messing it up with tossing and turning.  Her mind was
like a movie camera, clicking off mental images of herself with Roger last
night.  Oh, what she wouldn't give for an instant replay of that wonderful,
wonderful cock of his in her hungry mouth.  It had felt so good.  She'd give
anything to have it there right now!

      Why not? her tranquilized mind asked.  Why not go down there, knock on
his door and offer her mouth for his pleasure.  The Swedish pride melted with
hot desire.  Yes, yes, damn it, she would do just that.  All he could do was
refuse, and she believed, needed to believe that Roger would never refuse her.
He was her man.

      She slipped out of bed, pulled her robe over her floor length nightgown
and ran a comb through her hair and, opening the window, for a breath of fresh
air, drew in a deep breath for courage, and left the door slightly ajar after her...

      "Now kneel," Roger commanded, grabbing impatiently at her hips and
helping her to her knees.  She rested panting for a moment on all fours, her
firmly rounded young buttocks shoved high and vulnerable in the air, waving
temptingly before him like a flag before a maddened bull.  In the dim light, he
could see that the moistly pouting little lips of her pussy were puckered in
invitation as she leaned forward, resting her head on the opposite arm of the
sofa, her softly fleshed little ass jutting up at him completely unguarded and
available to use as he wished.  Sandy's reddened eyes were glazed with the
ravishment her body had endured, and her pulse quickened at the thrilling
prospect of this man's steel-hard cock imbedded once again deeply inside the
hungrily quivering walls of her pussy.

      Suddenly, her dream-like anticipation was shattered as she felt the
insistent probing of Roger's fully erect cock at her backside... not at the
moist, eagerly waiting lips of her cunt, but at her anus!

      Uncertain, she waved the trembling half-moons of her roundly fleshed
buttocks back at him, feeling the blunt, swollen head of his cock pushing in
against the tiny puckered hole of her rectum.

      "Roger, darling, not there, please," she pleaded, not knowing of her
landlord's fetish.  "You're too big.  You'll split me in half!"

      There was no answer from Roger, but in the fleeting instant before the
searing pain blanked her thoughts completely, she was certain she heard a
muffled chuckle from somewhere behind her. His only other response was
immediate and to the point... with a grunt, he shoved his powerful loins
forward increasing the already intolerable pressure against the tightly
clenched little rectum.

      Abruptly, without warning, the anal ring bent inward -- hot hotly
throbbing thick pole invaded her tiny rear passage in one vicious lunge and
almost a half of the long rigid length of his cock disappeared up into her
hideously stretched anal mouth.

      Sandy attempted to crawl forward, yelling in surprise and agony, "Awwwww,
please!  You're hurting me!  It hurts, pull it out.  Please, Roger, Please!"

      "No, baby, I'm not going to take it out... but you've got the tightest
asshole I've ever felt."  He laughed lewdly and grabbed the fleshy rims of her
hips like a couple of handles and forced her frantically thrashing buttocks
back against him with all his strength, gasping in pain himself as his massive
staff sank to the hilt in the warm anal passage.  His balls swung forward and
slapped against her dripping wet pussy, brushing ever so gently against the
sensitive ragged lips just below the obscenely-stretched rim of her rectal
lips, where his pole-thick cock was plundering her mercilessly.

      He gripped her so tightly that the tortured girl was unable to jerk away
from this incredible agony.  It was as if the blunt end of the softball bat had
been somehow rammed up between her open buttocks, shoved far up inside her
belly until her stomach tightened with nausea from the excruciating pain...

      With her ear to the door and her knuckles white from knocking, Margaret
Sorenson clutched at her bathrobe with the other hand, her mind reeling with
confusion and a drug-induced stupor.  He was in there, she insistently
reasoned, but he wasn't answering the door.  Maybe he had fallen asleep in
front of the television set, she hoped, grasping at air.  She didn't, couldn't
believe that he wouldn't let her in if he were at home.  No, that would be too
painful to believe.  Margaret set the door arattle with one final knock, before
padding down the hall in her fleecy slippers, her head downcast and her spirits
plundered.  She took the carpeted stairway -- faded and worn through to the
burlap lining, half dragging herself up the stairs to her apartment and there
opened the window and slipped out to the fire escape. Roger's living room
window was accessible from the fire escape, she knew from past experience.

      The metal was cold on her feet, even through her slippers. Carefully, she
guided her hand along the icy railing and descended down one flight of barred
steps that cut into he tender feet.  As she neared Roger's living room window
she could plainly hear moaning sounds.  Yes!  He was watching television.  Her
spirits soared until she was close enough to peak in.  The she saw it -- graphically.

      "Oh, please, please, Roger, pull it out!  I can't take it any more...
please, I'll do anything you ask.  I'll suck your cock, do anything, please,
but not this, I'm splitting apart!"

      The words sunk into Margaret's consciousness like a brandished sword.
Closing her eyes against the tear-inciting sight, she watched as Roger, her
man, fucked a young girl in the buttocks.  A clammy hand flew to Margaret's
mouth and she stood on the fire escape reeling, holding onto the railing for
fear of loosing her balance.  The emotional pain seared her heart, and a
growing ball of nausea swept over her body, warming her stomach, then her
throat.  When it hit her, she couldn't hold back. Bracing her arms on the
lifeless railing, she let the sorrows, the loss, and the agonies of a lost love
spill over the railing to the empty streets below.  A figure in the night, she
pulled herself up to the third floor where her lace curtains danced in the
window, inviting her to her self-chosen solitude.

      Tomorrow she would think about what she had seen.  Tonight she must rest.
Margaret put her robe to rest on the bedpost and slipped into the cold sheets,
then picked up the picture of Sandor and kissed it before turning off the light...

      Down below the lewd vignette continued.  Roger was deaf to Sandy's pleas,
his eyes were wide with astonished disbelief as he watched his thick white cock
slide back and forth, first back until just the swollen tip alone remained
between the tightly stretched band of her anus, then forward again, inch by
throbbing inch, until all of his long hard shaft was nestled deep inside her
hotly constrictive hole.  The feeling was incredible!  It was as if a warm hand
covered in soft brown velvet had grabbed his throbbing penis and was pulling it
far up inside the helpless girl's belly.

      Like a man possessed, he rammed his rock hard rod of flesh home harder
and harder, pushing aside the tender pink walls of her rectum as he shoved his
massive cock as far as it could go up into her heatedly quivering belly.  As if
torn by demons, he plowed into her backside again and again, his whole body
trembling with the fury of his unnatural lust.

      But for Sandy, something weird and wonderful was happening, a change was
taking place that was transforming this barbarous act from excruciating pain
into a wildly exciting delicious pleasure. Slowly, her pain and fear were being
replaced with the overwhelming feeling of total and absolute subjugation, total
ravishment at the hands of this near-stranger.  The mental picture of her
quivering young buttocks being so ruthlessly plundered incited spasm of
forbidden pleasure throughout her nakedly writhing body.  The unanswered hunger
in her belly began to rage out of control again, and she started to undulate
her buttocks in tiny teasing circles, squeezing with her strong rectal muscles
at the impaling shaft imbedded so hotly inside her, milking eagerly at the long
fleshy cock savagely boring into her from behind.  She wanted to drain it, to
fill her heretofore virginal little anal orifice with this man's seething load,
to feel his hot sticky flood fill her rectum until cum ran in torrents down her
sweat-soaked thighs.  She had never been sodomized like this before; always,
somehow, she had been able to talk her way out of it, whenever one of her
lovers had suggested it.

      Tonight, though, she had regretted ever having had second thoughts in the
past, for she was wallowing in the wild intensity of this delicious
pleasure-pain, savoring every second of the delectable torment he was
inflicting on her ravaged back passage. The writhing young girl tightly
clenched her buttocks, intensifying the masochistic thrill that had taken
control of her body.

      Nothing mattered now except this, nothing but this long hard pole of
masculine flesh that was bringing her such incredibly wanton ecstasy.  God, she
wanted its hot load inside her!  She wanted to feel its scalding warmth
flooding her very intestines with an unending torrent of life-giving sperm
until it sloshed in her belly and ran through every pore of her naked body in
gushing rivers of wicked pleasure.

      And an instant later, Sandy's erotic fantasies were fulfilled as Roger
suddenly let out a loud grunt and his enormous cock rammed far, far up into her
ravaged rectum.  Almost immediately, she felt the awesome wave of her own
orgasm, so long in coming, sweep over her, bringing an anguished moan to her lips.

      "Aaaaggghhhh, God, yes!  Aaawww!" she wailed loudly, her savage moans
filling the darkened room and reverberating from the walls as, suddenly, his
wildly jerking penis grew even larger and began spewing its white hot load deep
up into her hungrily clasping back passage.  His cum ricocheted heatedly around
inside and spurted from the ravenously sucking hole to stream in a thick white
river down the young brunette's firmly trembling thighs, soaking his own balls
as they slammed tightly in the sopping wet crevice beneath her wide-stretched
anus.  The oozing liquid flowed warmly down over his leathery testicles as they
continued to lightly brush against the glistening lips of her pussy.  Violent
shudders of excitement ran through her naked body as her orgasm built, crested
and intensified.

      "Aieeee... I'm cumming," she shrieked.  "Oh, God, fuck harder, I'm cumming!"
      Sandy screwed her buttocks tightly back against the still spewing cock
buried deep in her flooded rectum and abruptly, as a loud scream burst from
between her clenched teeth, she felt her whole body explode with the pricks of
a million red-hot needles as his last punishing thrust took her up, up, and
over the brink into a chasm of complete ecstatic pleasure.  Her strength was
suddenly gone, and she fell forward on the sofa as his long glistening cock
slipped with a lewd wet sucking sound from the fist-like, grip of her tightly
clinging rectal walls.  She shivered once more as the cool air swirled around
and up inside her unplugged, still dilated opening, chilling her very insides
with the cold blast.

      Roger weakly collapsed on the floor beside the sofa with a gasping moan
that seemed more of relief than of pain, amazed that his body had not come to
pieces and exploded from the fury of the last few minutes. He lay very still
beside her, his hand resting on her nakedly trembling thigh as she heaved and
gasped for breath, and for a long while, there were silent.
                                  *    *    *
      "It's damned good, money, sugar," said Roger, dressed now except for a
shirt.  Sandy was lying on her naked back smoking a cigarette, pondering the
amenities of Roger's proposed career for she and Chris.  She looked totally
refreshed and renewed, like an entirely new person, glowing with the special
radiance that comes to a woman when she's been really and truly satisfied by a
man. And satisfied she was, not remembering when she'd enjoyed a fuck since she
was twelve... but no, her mind protested.  She shouldn't think about that.

      Roger played with one taut nipple.  "Baby, we could make a fortune. Hell,
it's not prostitution anyways.  It's going out on dates, that's all. With my
connections and your ass, we could make a couple thou' a month.  And you won't
have to rely on foodstamps," he laughed.

      "Sounds good to me," smiled Sandy.  "But you're going to have a hard time
convincing Chris.  Chris has always followed the straight and narrow, but don't
get me wrong," she immediately filled in.  "Chris is a great girl, my best
friend and I don't want to lead her into anything that she'll regret later."

      "Simple enough.  We put her up with the mild ones until she gets used to
it.  Then we'll turn her on to something that'll make her want a little more...
if you know what I mean."

      Sandy didn't reply, just stared at the lit end of her smouldering
cigarette.  "Okay," she grinned in her impish way. "I'll talk to Chris
tomorrow.  But let me tell you this.  She's always stuck by me and I don't want to see her hurt."

      "No sweat," reassured Roger with a tweak of her right nipple.
      Eleven stories above, Chris O'brien lay in her bed, trying to sleep
despite the deafening din of the buses and traffic outside of her bedroom
window.  Minutes later she sat upright in bed, hearing the familiar midnight
sound of Sandy turning her key in the lock and listening to the footsteps
shuffle in the direction of her bedroom, turned on the bedside lamp in time to
see Sandy emerge through her door.

      "We're going to be out of debt in no time," giggled Sandy, collapsing on
her roommate's bed.  "And we start tomorrow night!"




                                  White Slave Chapter 6

      Chris O'Brien took a glance around her, the plush red velvet draperies,
the crystal chandelier casting glimmers of light over the potted palms in the
corners of the restaurants... and wondered why she had been so reluctant to
give up a night alone in her dumpy apartment for a French meal at Fisherman's
Wharf overlooking the San Francisco Bay.

      She glanced around the restaurant again.  The lights were low, the
atmosphere hushed.  Waiters moved across the deep carpet as quietly as cats.
And Francois, her date for the evening, with his lean, handsome face, his
classic features, the touch of gray at his temples that made him look even more
distinguished than his accent could attest to.  He'd sat opposite of her,
choosing the perfect wine to go with the perfect meal he would select.  Yes,
Chris thought, there was no reason for her being so afraid when he'd come to the door.

      She would try to act the lady, conversing fluently in French with this
mysteriously good-looking gentleman, and remember her etiquette, squeezing her
lemon with the prongs of the fork, dipping the soup spoon away instead of
towards you... those tiny, yet consequential vignettes of cuisine that
separated the more sophisticated from the lesser.  And when the Chateaubriand
for two would be served, she would not stuff herself, though it had been two
weeks since she'd anything as delectable as a piece of piping hot meat steaming in front of her.

      Between sips of her Fuisse Pouissy, Chris and Francois stared out over
the blackened night, watching the ships slip by announced only by the low
throaty moan of the fog horn.  He'd been in merchant marine at one time, he
told her through his mellifluously enunciated accent, and since then had made
yearly trips back to the old sea port by the bay where he's spent many a
memorable evening parading up and down Broadway Street, watching the pimps, the
barkers, and the prostitutes.

      He asked about her background; the obvious questions a man who's paid for
an evening of womanly companionship wants to know. Had she traveled?  Had she
gone to school?  And through it all, he hadn't pried, hadn't insinuated or demanded.

      Even when he walked her to her door, he had remained a perfect gentleman,
kissing her hand delicately and wishing her a good evening's rest.  Chris went
to bed that evening of a full stomach and a prayer in her heart for Sandy.
Sandy, maybe this once I misjudged you.  A free meal and a few drinks, and I'll
be out of this mess you got us into.  Yes, maybe for once you were right, Sandy.
                                        *    *    *
      Stories below, Margaret Sorenson completed her nightly ritual of watching
Johnie Carson on television while sipping a small glass of sherry.  On the
kitchen table sat two place settings; only one of them used.  Roger had not
shown up for dinner, despite the note of invitation she'd tacked to his door.
When she had gone down to investigate at eight o'clock, just as she'd taken the
roast out of the oven for the second time, she'd heard the unmistakable grunts
and groans of lovemaking.

      Roger was cheating on her again, she sniffed, blinking back a tear.
Didn't it matter she loved him?  Didn't he care after all she'd done for him?
And the pain to think she'd let him take advantage of her like that... forcing
her to use her mouth on him like some common whore.

      Well, let him have his whores, his fast women who had to sell their
bodies to stay alive.  At least she still had her dignity, she resolved,
getting up to switch off the television set and turning off the light, her
apple cheeks reddened, partly from the sherry, and partly from the fury of her emotions.

      Margaret Sorenson was a proud woman.  No landlord could take advantage of
her like that and get away with it.  She would have her revenge.  Time was on her side.




                                  White Slave Chapter 7

      The stereo ground out an old Beatle's tune, slowing now and then with the
power failures typical of poorly wired urban apartment buildings.  It may have
been two high school girls dressing for their first dates, judging from the
excitement and expectations, matching lipstick and nail polish, changing
stockings and shoes.

      "It all went well last night then?" asked Sandy, stroking the hair brush through her long, thick locks.
      "Perfect.  Just perfect!  In fact," confessed Chris poking an earring
through her pierced ear, "he was a real doll.  Very mature and dignified and he
didn't even try to kiss me!  God, maybe I have bad breath or something," she
chuckled, never loosing sight of her profile in the dressing mirror.

      "That could almost get to be a drag," mused Sandy, with raised eyebrows.
"That has never happened to me, so I wouldn't know. "

      Chris snapped the earring shut.  "Tell me about it, Sandy." she said
light-heartedly, but with a sting of sarcasm.

      "Come on.  I can't help it if I like to make love.  It's the neatest
thing in the world.  Can you think of anything that feels any better?"

      Chris laughed.  "Its been so long I couldn't say..."
      Sandy turned from her girlfriend and searched through her big leather bag
until she found the foil-wrapped packet she had stashed there for emergencies.
Actually, it was Roger's idea, but she had to agree it was a good one.  "Chris,
come on, this will get you in a party mood."

      Chris looked up, saw that Sandy was holding a lighted cigarette in her
hand.  She held the lighted stick of marijuana in offering and Chris accepted
it, though reluctantly.  Too many times she'd let herself loose control while
stoned; it was a vice she had grown wary of.

      "I'm no sure..."
      "Don't be such a prude!" chided Sandy, taking a deep puff herself. "Here,
smoke a little.  C'mon."  She held the hand-rolled cigarette to Chris's lips;
first the blonde turned away, but then when it was obvious that Sandy would
persist, she reluctantly took one tiny puff.  A tingle of warmth followed the
sweet-smelling smoke down her throat and along the nerve channels of her body;
just the one puff was enough to bring a wave of relaxation to her excited body.
She felt her mind loosen as if obeying some secret command; another, deeper
drag followed, then still another...

      Soon, in minutes, or in hours, they had finished the joint and Sandy had
produced another from her tin foil packet.  Chris didn't hesitate this time;
the nerve-soothing drug seemed to answer a deep inner need, and the inbred
instinct to resist it had been destroyed.

      "There, you feel more like partyin' now without getting goose bumps?" Sandy asked her shy friend.

      Chris nodded.  "Yes, thanks.  I feel a lot... a lot better now."  Her
words were beginning to blur together, and she hesitated at places that needed no pause.
"Now about tonight.  We're getting paid one hundred dollars each since
this is a private party that Roger is giving for some business friends.  Is
that cool with you?" asked the brunette watching her friends eyes sparkle with dollar signs.

      "That sounds okay to me!" burst Sandy, stepping into her platform shoes.
She always waited 'til the last minute to put them on out of consideration for
the neighbors below who had to listen to the heavy clump, clump of her wooden
heels.  Bending over to secure the straps and buckle the tiny metal fastener at
her slim ankle, Chris lost her balance and fell on her buttocks, with a groan.

      Sandy looked down at her stoned friend.  "For god's sakes, Chris, get
your act together.  We're supposed to be calm and sophisticated debutantes,
remember?  Not a couple of burned out hippies."

      "All right, all right," snapped Chris defensively before bursting into giggles.
      Sandy headed toward the living room and called over her shoulder to
Chris, still in her bedroom.  "Why don't you make yourself a cup of coffee! I'm
going down to see if everything is cool with Roger."  The door slammed behind
her and Chris, kicking off her uncomfortable shoes, padded in her level bare
feet to the kitchen.

      "Roger!"  Sandy knocked on the door and was greeted on the second knock, 
but she didn't step in; there wasn't time.

      "Howdy, Sandy.  Everything set?"
      "Just like you said.  A few pulls on the grass and she's ready for
anything.  Grass does that to her."  Sandy leaned against the door jam and
stared at a scrawled note that lay on the doormat.  Stooping over, she picked
it up and handed it to Roger. "Looks like this is for you.  Must have blown off the door."

      "Thanks," said the landlord, scanning the pencil-written note.  His eyes
narrowed disconcertedly, a gesture Sandy did not fail to notice.

      "What's the matter?  Somebody's tub overflow?" she giggled.
      "Naw.  It's from Margaret... she lives upstairs from me. Christ, I wish
she would stop nagging me.  Goddamn women, can't leave me alone," he chuckled
egocentrically.  "Ah," he sneered. "She's just a dumb immigrant from the old
country," he said, mimicking Margaret's Swedish accent.

      "Anyway, I came down to see if everything's okay.  I'm sure I can handle
those friends of yours, but I'm not too sure about Chris.  She's pretty shy, you know."

      "Just keep gettin' her loaded.  She'll be okay."
      He kissed her on the forehead and she sauntered down the musty smelling
hallway, passing by door after door, hearing muffled sounds of the evening
news, mixed with low conversation and the heady smell of dinner wafting out
from under closed doors. Sandy had one hand on the railing when something
behind her made her jump.

      Appearing from nowhere -- she had to be hiding in the hall to go
unnoticed -- Sandy spied a blonde haired woman, mature and buxom in her tight
fitting cotton dress.  Smiling, Sandy turned to greet her, to say hello, but
the woman stiffened and brushed on by, her mouth turned down in a hateful
grimace at the sight of the young black haired girl who'd replaced her in Roger's life.

      Margaret's low-heeled shoes pounded rhythmically on the threadbare
carpeting of the steps, then silenced as she reached the hallway above and
charged for the quiet of her modest apartment.  The tears she's struggled to
hold within burst free and she collapsed on her bed.

      She'd heard it all.  So that's what Roger thought of her?  A stupid Swede
from the old country.  Margaret took one loving glance at Sandor's photograph
and plotted her revenge.  And, she the goods on him, she mused with a sudden
taste for retaliation. In the last three days that she'd been following him,
she learned enough about him to make a complaint to somebody.  Who, she wasn't
certain of, but there had to be laws against pandering women and reading other
people's mail as she'd seen him do through the window of his living room where
she'd stood on the fire escape.




                                  White Slave
                                   Chapter 8

      Chris' mouth just sort of hung open for a minute as she mindlessly
climbed the last of the carpeted steps and walked into Roger's apartment where
the blaring sounds of music could be heard, along with the wafting smell of
sweet-smelling hashish being burned in a pipe.  "You didn't say anything about
dope, Sandy.  You know what happens to me when I get stoned.  I loose control
and do things I shouldn't.  I don't want these men to think I'm a common
whore."

      Suddenly there was a tall, well dressed Spanish-looking man standing
before her, looking very grim at first, but quickly smiling warmly.  "Hello,
I'm Jose.  You must be Chris."

      "Yes... uh, how do you do?" she managed weakly.

      Before either of them could speak again, there was a loud booming
bass-drum of a voice from inside.  "Bring 'em on in, Jose! The party's on in
here!"  They were quickly hustled to the living room in the back where Roger
had replaced the normal lightbulbs for red ones.  Chris was astonished to see
that she and Sandy were the only women at the party.  In the living room
several men -- she couldn't count -- sat around smoking hashish and cigarettes.
Jose introduced the girls to each man individually.

      One man, taller then the others, held out his hand and Chris took it
instinctively.  His name was Neil.  Typical of the Spanish, he had large brown
eyes and perfect white teeth.  Chris' grimace faded to a slow growing smile.
These men looked undemanding and well-dressed; there was no reason for her to
feel like a cheap date.  Whatever happened would be worth it, wouldn't it?
After tonight, she could forget about paying the rent, forget about having to
find a job; and for all that she'd do anything.

      "Let me get you a drink," Jose offered, heading for the kitchenette to
pour two glasses of wine for the girls.  Chris felt uncomfortably like a harem
girl on the sale block, but she resigned herself to enduring it.  There were
whispered asides and chuckles from some of the men who sat busily eyeing the
two girls. The opinions of a bunch of strangers meant nothing to her, not in
the face making one hundred dollars for being sociable!

      She moved without thinking, following the others like a dumb steer in a
moving herd; and when she was called upon to speak, she opened her mouth and
somehow, the words came out.  Another joint was making the rounds, a different
kind this time, something one of the Mexican men pulled out of his jacket.
Chris dutifully took her puff in turn, and nearly choked at the incredible
potency of this grass.  Jesus, it was nothing like the other!  This was so
strong it made her dizzy as she held it in her lungs!

                                  *    *    *

      Whatever it was that happened next, in the next hour -- or was it two
hours? is anybody's guess, for surely Chris will never know.  All she remembers
now is that she took another drag from the tiny tightly-rolled joint with the
pinpoint of glowing red ember on the end, and before she knew it, the room had
changed. Some of the men had left, gone were the soft red lamps, and in their
place was an unused bedroom, strewn and soiled and cigarette-burned mattresses,
lighted with three candles jammed into the necks of empty wine bottles; it
looked more like a fraternity house, she later mused, than an adult's
apartment.

      Sandy was there, and both of the Mexican men -- Jose and Neil -- and
three other men from the party, one she remembered.  Doug. Just she and Sandy
and five men!

      I must be going nuts!  What am I doing in this room with these people?
And smoking grass, I've never been so loaded in my life.  Have I completely
lost my mind?

      "Here, honey, try some," said a voice.  It was Sandy, holding what looked
like a tiny silver spoon between her fingers, filled with some powdery grains.

      "What is it?" she asked.  "I don't need anything more except for a cup of
strong coffee."

      "This is far better than coffee, honey," laughed one of the men.  "It's
cocaine."

      Chris drew in her breath.  "Oh no," she gasped.  "I've had enough." Sandy
squeezed her shoulder affectionately.  "Chris, it's not hard stuff.  In fact,
it's not addictive at all.  It'll make you feel a lot better, clear your head.
It's really good for making you think clearly.  Go ahead, just sniff it up your
nose and hold it, and don't sneeze, it you can help it."

      Sandy held the miniature spoon under her nostril and Chris, finally,
breathed it up into her sinuses, but she wasn't prepared for what she
experienced.  Suddenly, as if someone had flipped a switch, everything
intensified, all her thoughts seemed ordered and well-contained.  And this
room, this whole scene, seemed somehow under control, as if nothing could
happen to her because she knew what was going on and was in control of every
second.  It was weird, wonderfully weird, the feeling of exhilaration and power
and confidence that that one sniff of the powder had given her.

      But there was something else, something Sandy and the others knew about,
but Chris had yet to learn.  Another of the interesting side effects of
cocaine, and effect the boys and Sandy were quite looking forward to... cocaine
is one of nature's best aphrodisiacs!  With a little coke... man, the feelings!
Jose's people had a saying, "A little coke makes any cock bigger!" and it was
true, nothing heightened the feelings and the sensations of fucking better!
What Chris didn't realize was that she had just inhaled enough into her brain
to turn her into a helpless, uncontrolled sex-machine!

      Chris was wearing a yellow jumpsuit that perfectly set off the beautiful
curves of her long trim thighs and calves, and she had risen to her feet, a
little unsteadily at first from the feeling of exhilaration of the coke, and
was weaving slowly and gently to to the sound of recorded music from the large
speakers in Roger's living room beyond.  Like every room in the house, the
bedroom was wired for music.

      Chris felt lightheaded, as if she would float off the edge of the chair
if she didn't hold on.  She became fascinated with the red shadows cast by the
red lightbulbs.

      Swaying smoothly from side to side, Sandy reached for the zipper that ran
down the front of her garment.  She pulled slowly on the zipper of the
jumpsuit, one arm swaying drunkenly above her head, beginning ever-so-slowly to
remove her clothes before these strangers.  Chris, like the two men beside her,
was entranced, mesmerized by what her roommate was about to do.  Sandy was a
fantastic dancer, and Chris never wearied of watching her perform, whether it
was in front of a bedroom mirror or in public.  The girl definitely had a gift
for rhythm.

      The anticipation charged the atmosphere like a million volts of electric
current.  The brunette's hips moved slowly at first, then began to bump and
grind with a growing lustful intensity as the two men and Chris looked on
excitedly.  She tossed her long black hair from side to side, letting it drape
freely and loosely over her shoulders as she moved with the beat of the music.
She eased the zipper down to her navel exposing enough of her ample cleavage to
start the two Mexicans breathing quickly and heavily. Her ripely full young
breasts seemed to be straining to escape the concealment of her garment peeking
from beneath the fabric in two soft, inviting mounds of warm flesh.  One last
tug, and they were free, swaying heavily as she gently rocked from side to
side. Jose and Neil's eyes were wide with excited disbelief as they watched
this incredibly lascivious display, this beautiful young white girl stripping
before their eyes, stripping herself to her ripe, full nakedness.  But best of
all, she was going to be theirs for fucking.  Jose and Neil knew why this had
been planned -- they'd have to be fools not to know this whole thing was set up
to be nothing more that the Roman coliseum spectacles, Nubian savages hauled to
Rome to amuse the funseekers.  This was what was expected of them, and they
knew it, but it didn't matter -- not with a couple of chicks like this! Neither
of them had had college girls before, and to start with one like this brunette,
Christ, it was too good to be true.  Who cared who saw it!  They'd give them a
show, all right, show these other men what a real man could do with a
hot-blooded girl like this.  Yes sir, they'd give them a show they'd never
forget!

      Jose could feel his cock already aching painfully inside his pants,
straining, yearning to be set free and allowed to penetrate this lovely
creature.  He tried to imagine what her pussy would be like... wet and soft,
pink and warm and vulnerable... just waiting for his long, hard, big brown cock
to fill her like she'd never been filled before.

      Sandy lifted one softly firm breast with her hand, just enough to feel
its full voluptuousness as it stood taut, high and quivering from the touch of
her own fingers slowly flowing caressingly over the warmly supple flesh.  Her
gleaming tits seemed to be swirling in a dance of their own, shivering with the
beat of the music as it wafted from the wall-mounted speakers, inviting the two
men forward as the others watched.  Their eyes were agog, as Sandy urged Jose
and Neil to take her throbbing nipples in their hotly wet mouths, seemingly
begging them to answer the gnawing, churning animal need in her white belly --
a need as old as the beginning of time.

      Balancing on one foot, she tugged the jumpsuit down to her ankles and
yanked it off, then removed the other side, leaving nothing but her little pink
panties between the eyes of the men and her own delicious nakedness.  Chris was
staring, watching with eyes that saw but did not believe.  Sandy's tiny panties
were not enough to cover completely her magnificently formed buttocks, as she
spun slowly around before them, they could all see where the long flowing curve
of her smoothly unblemished back soared inward, then swept out again and joined
the arching fleshy swell of her buttocks.  Half of each firm, ivory white cheek
was nakedly revealed beneath the taut sheerness of her panties.  Above, in the
deep arch of her back, her two dimples peered back at them like warm, black
eyes at the tip of her spine.

      Except for the sound of the music, there wasn't a noise to be heard in
the stuffy, close room as the drugged girl ground her ripely flaring hips back
and forth at her hypnotized audience, daring anyone to yank the thin filmy
panties down from her slender young waist, over the tenderly sensitive flesh of
her smooth inner thighs.  Her fingers hooked in the tight band of her panties,
and she began to slowly, teasingly, roll them over the full ripe swell of her
buttocks, her back demurely turned like a professional stripper might, and her
ass poked out in jaunty invitation toward the perspiring audience.

      They gasped aloud, all of them, at their first real glimpse of the
gorgeous young white girl's warmly naked ass, the glow of light form the
candles reflecting as if in a mirror on the smoothly gleaming flesh of her full
rounded mounds.  Slowly, she rolled the panties down over the firmly jutting
cheeks of her ass, stretching them as they tightened in the crevice beneath the
smooth curve of her bottom-cheeks, where the soft swell joined her milky
thighs.  She leaned forward, pushing out her exposed buttocks at the two
Mexicans, rotating it lustily in an unmistakable lewd sexual invitation.

      She revelled in what she was doing -- offering herself bodily to two
Mexicans, right here in her landlord's apartment!  The wicked, forbidden thrill
of it all wildly excited her, and she hungered for their huge brown pricks
inside of her, fucked hard and deep between her white milky thighs.

      She reached back with her bare arms and spread the twin mounds apart,
obscenely displaying the tightly puckered little brown ring of her anus, the
taut nether ring opening and closing as she tensed the strong muscles in her
ass.  Over the whispered, excited mumblings of the three other men, Jose and
Neil's heavy breathing drowned out all other sounds in the small candle-lit
room.  Nothing was in their minds now except the hotly beckoning little hole of
the young brunette's anus, puckered open like a small taut mouth just waiting
for the long stiff lengths of their aching cocks to bore deep up into her
insides, to tunnel into her back hole like miners searching for gold.

      Sandy's nakedly gleaming ass rotated on its own axis as she alternately
relaxed and tightened the muscles of her buttocks. She turned back around,
facing the two Mexicans, seemingly mindless of her friend.  Chris, sitting
stupefied to her right and stoned out of her mind from the powerful combination
of marijuana and cocaine, watching everything with glazed, unbelieving eyes.
With both hands, Sandy lifted the bountiful fullness of her breasts, offering
them wordlessly to the two brown men.  Jose and Neil were the only men standing
now; the other men had retreated to the living room, their hands in their laps
to conceal their aching hard-ons as they watched this nakedly luscious white
girl offer herself like a slave to the boys.  They had not paid for the right
to enjoy these two girls, much to their chagrin.  But fair was fair, after all.

      Now Sandy tantalizingly opened her palms down over the trim curve of her
waist, over the smooth expanse of flesh warmly gleaming in the candle light.
With her thumbs, she caught the elastic band of her panties, now covering only
the soft thicket of pubic hair at the bottom of her pelvis, and the moistly
heated pink lips beneath.  Her thighs parted as she lowered the filmy nylon
garment like a flat of unconditional surrender, nakedly exposing the vee at the
top of her supple thighs in the flickering candlelight of that heated room. She
continued to teasingly peel the tight-fitting panties down over her hips and
along her bare legs; then she stepped out of them and tossed them at Jose's
feet.

      In the closed room, the air was suddenly charged as if by lightning
bolts; she was no completely naked before the two Mexican men and the men
peeking around the door jam from the living room.  There was nothing left to
the imagination.  Chris was shocked back to reality; she tried to look away, to
hide her face from this wanton spectacle, as if it was wrong for her to be
there, to see her friend degrade herself this way.  But the incredible
combination of marijuana and cocaine once again asserted its grip on her -- she
couldn't look away!  She was drawn back to the salacious scene as if by some
ancient black magic ritual, to the wickedly exciting vision of her old friend
stripped naked like this in front of these men, two of them weren't even
Americans!

      Sandy opened her legs, giving the closest ones, Jose and Neil, an
unobstructed view of her nakedly unguarded cuntal hole and her puckered pussy
lips moistly glistening with her own love juices.  There was a sudden rustling
as the three heated men from the living room made a mad dash, shuffling for
positions on the mattresses, maneuvering for a better glimpse of this
brunette's lewd dance.  Next time they would know better; when Roger said he
had two hot ones, he meant hot!

      "Bet you'd like some of that, huh, Neil?" shouted one hootingly.

      "You better believe it, brother," came his fast, unruffled reply.  He
knew what they were thinking... but to hell with all of them!  He was going to
get some white pussy tonight, and it suited him all the better that these other
men would bear witness. This way, nobody would ever doubt his story, and
besides, he liked the idea of others watching as one of their friends got
fucked.

      Sandy leaned backwards, scraping her long lustrous hair to the floor as
she swept her head wildly from side to side.  The tempo of the music from the
speakers had suddenly picked up and with it, Sandy's savagely wanton dance grew
more and more frantic, flickering colors radiated from the melting candles to
cast a thousand different multi-colored shadows along the warmly gleaming
curves and valleys of her ripe young body.

      With a teasing, tormenting grin, she brought her hands from behind and
slipped them down over her body into the warm crevice between her parted
thighs.  Her fingers spread the pink ragged lips of her pussy as she leaned
back, opening the moistly hot passage to the hungry stares of all five men.

      Jose could take it no longer -- not that he was any more excited than his
friend Neil, it was just simply that Jose was too far gone from the cocaine and
grass to respond as quickly and he stood mesmerized by the girl's writhing
passion.  But not Jose! In what seemed less than an instant, he moved in close
to the nakedly dancing girl, unbuttoning his trousers and dropping them to the
floor as he stepped clear of them.

      Baby, oh, baby, this here cock of mine is goin' so deep inside your sweet
littl' white ass you'll think it's comin' out the top of your head!

      "Come here, baby.  I've got some good, good meat for you!" And as he
spoke, he pulled off his undershorts and yanked them down his muscular brown
legs.  His enormous cock sprang up like a frightened stallion, hard and
gleaming along its full thick length.  Sandy looked only at his huge,
frightening cock, sticking out from his rock hard loins like a flag staff from
the side of a building.  And suddenly she was afraid... It'll kill me!  I've
never seen a cock so huge!  I could never take that thing up inside me!

      He circled her like a lion stalking his prey, sizing up her youthfully
firm nakedness, exploring with his hungry eyes every inch, every crevice of her
deliciously ripe young body.  She trembled as she anticipated what was next,
fearful literally for her life as she stared in horrified fascination at the
awesome symbol of his manhood rising from his sweating pelvis like some vicious
weapon.  His brown muscles rippled as he moved, obviously he was in excellent
physical condition, probably a weight lifter or a physical fitness nut.  She
couldn't see an ounce of flab anywhere on his body, his legs and arms were
thick and full, with hard curves tracing the lines of his well-developed
muscles.  He had the look of power about him, and Sandy suddenly had the
terrifying feeling that she was going to be raped by an animal, that his
awesome sexual energy was somehow linked to that untapped forbidding well of
animal passion, the jungles of the Amazon itself.

      He could feel his balls aching with desire as he looked over the naked
young girl; he'd never seen one so beautiful before, as he'd only been in the
states a few days.

      "Oh honey, I'm going to fuck you, sweet white bitch, like you've never
been fucked before, you little Gringo!  I'm gonna make you wish you'd been born
brown like me so you could have had me all your life!"

      He wished he could see into the other girl's mind, know what she must be
thinking as she watched her girl friend about to get fucked by a Mexican. Shit,
she was probably soaked between her legs just from looking at his cock! Wait
'til she sees it goin' in nice and easy, all wet and slick and hard, sunk to
the hilt in this white bitch's cunt!

      "Down on your knees, bitch!  I got something I want first... you take
care of me, and I'll do the same for you."

      Sandy obeyed without daring to question his order, dropping instantly
down on all fours at the huge naked man's feet, her bare thighs and soft white
buttocks quivering helplessly as she cringed before him awaiting his command.
She was a bought woman and she knew it.

      Sandy was a shivering mass of sensitized nerve endings as she knelt
before him, worked into a sexual frenzy by the fury of her own lascivious
striptease, and now, uncontrollably, she found herself reaching for the
incredibly long shaft of his glistening brown cock; reverently, in awe, her
fingers sought to touch it, to do homage to its majestic hugeness as it stood
out, now fully hard and erect, like a boom of a sailing ship from his wiry
loins.  A minuscule seeping of his seminal fluid poised on the blood-engorged
tip of the enormous organ.

      He kneeled over her straddling her and wallowing in the reckless thrill
of watching this brunette, sex-crazy white bitch writhing so voluptuously
between his legs, her fingers gently, lovingly, wrapped around the wrist-thick
shaft of his brown prick and he inched forward, on his knees now, pushing her
back onto the mattress until the soft white flesh of her body was flattened
beneath him. He eased forward, lasciviously rubbing his naked crotch along a
trim supple length of her helplessly writhing form, his brown thighs and heavy
dark balls insinuating themselves over the smooth whiteness of her translucent
young skin; his buttocks pressed down onto the smoothly rounded nakedness of
the white Gringo's bare breasts and he could feel the tiny pink tips of her
hard little nipples rubbing against his ass as she squirmed in nervous
anticipation beneath him.  He caught a glimpse of the three other men out of
the corner of his vision, all of them hunched excitedly on their mattress
perches, their mouths hanging open laxly as they watched this wanton spectacle
unfolding before their amazed eyes.  Fuck, he'd give 'em all a show!

      "Open those pretty little lips, cause I want a little cock-sucking
first."

      Sandy knew better than to resist now; the man's feelings, a long time of
desire and frustration, were all reflected in his dark eyes; and suddenly, she
knew this was to be a long, long night.

      With one hand, he lifted her head, gripping the thick black hair and
pulling her up toward his long impatiently throbbing cock.  With the other, he
forced the lengthy dark shaft of his danglin cock downward so that it brushed
the girl's wetly ovalled lips.  He circled her mouth with the swollen dark
head, brushing a thin smear of the white seminal discharge from the end of it
over her lips and chin.

      "Open your mouth... nice and wide!"  Sandy reluctantly obeyed, though the
humiliation of lewdly lying like this before her best friend and the other men
was far worse than she could have ever imagined.  Her mind was still reeling
from the drugs, and she fantasized that she was a Mexican wife, caught as
hostage by a revolting crowd of Mexican peasants.  And now, as an example to
the others, she was to be wantonly, inhumanely, ravished and abused... an
outlet for hundreds of years of denials and frustrated repression.

      Jose slipped the thick hard head of his cock along her saliva-thickened
tongue and deep into her mouth, filling it completely as it snaked slowly down
her throat.  She clamped her lips around the huge brown cock, and then began
licking wildly at the swollen, throbbing tip, swirling her tongue over the
sensitive little hole at the end.  In her state of drug-induced fantasizing,
she felt she was still the plantation owner's wife and that she had to do her
best to please him, for she shuddered to think what those enormous brown hands
of his could do to her frail body is she displeased him, refused him any
favors, no matter how degrading or disgusting.

      Sandy couldn't see Chris or Neil, but she knew they would be watching as
she hungrily licked and swirled her quivering pink tongue along the full brown
length of his glistening cock imbedded in her mouth.  It reflected the
flickering candlelight as it slithered wetly from her wide-stretched, ovalled
lips; every thrust forward of his kinky-haired pelvis shoved the huge throbbing
cock further down her bruised throat passage.  The girl explored every pore of
the enormous prick, holding her fingers securely around its thick hairy base as
she felt the shivers of heatedly savage desire rippling through his belly as
her tongue licked the distended tip clean of its sticky seminal emissions. His
deep painful thrusts became faster as she swirled her tongue tantalizingly
around the throbbing head.

      Jose couldn't take his eyes off the squirming, totally naked body of the
young white girl lying so helplessly beneath him.  He could feel her warmly
taut breasts heaving under him, her nipples poking into the brown flesh of his
ass as she breathed heavily in her wanton excitement.  Her pale-pink lips were
stretched grotesquely as she strained to fit the thick bulk of his brown prick
buried to the hilt in her throat, gagging as she tried vainly to accommodate
the hot fleshy cudgel that threatened to completely choke her any second.  Her
dark hair fanned out behind her like a halo; she was a white love goddess...
and she was his to do with as he pleased.

      His balls rubbing over his chin, he stepped up the pace of his assault on
her white face, grinding his pelvis against her until her nose was rubbing into
the hairs above his cock.

      It was nearly impossible to swallow, for the thick pulsing head of his
prick filled her tender throat hole to capacity.  She waited until there was a
chance, when his cock was nearly out of her mouth on his long, smooth back
thrust, and gulped down a quick swallow of saliva and seminal juices that were
almost choking her. It felt better now, her throat muscles relaxed, and the
thick shaft bored even deeper into her hotly working mouth.  His hands were on
her hips, unnecessary now for she offered him no resistance, and he was
grinning broadly as he watched the naked young girl beneath his sperm-laden
testicles gulping and swallowing to take in every inch of his hardened cock. He
suddenly stepped up the pace faster still, ramming the full throbbing length
far down her throat, as his sweaty pelvis pushed hard against her face.  He
didn't look around, but he knew his friends must be going out of their minds
watching a show like this.  But dammit, he'd paid enough for this little bitch
to put out for him, and he was going to get his moneys worth.

      Sandy caught a glimpse of Neil, standing just a few feet away.  He had
his cock out!  It was as big as his friend Jose's, and he looked as though he
aimed to use it!

      Jose suddenly jerked back as if in terrific pain, his head thrown back,
his mouth open as if about to scream, sinking his thick brown cock as far as it
would go down the bruised throat of the girl, his sperm-bloated balls dangling
over her chin, his loins pressed tight against her face.  She couldn't breathe
-- the huge shaft blocked her throat and his wetly matted hair covered her
nostrils like a damp cloth... and then it happened.  The final act in this
lascivious tableau, the ultimate humiliation. The enormous brown hose tightly
imbedded in her throat suddenly began to spurt its white hot load deep down
into her belly, spurt after spurt of the thick fluid cascaded down her bruised
throat in wet, oozing waves, soothing the battered and ravaged flesh as it
drained salaciously down into her white heaving belly.  Sandy's cheeks hollowed
to contain the flooding sperm, and a trickle escaped her lips to stream down
her cheek to the floor below as she lay on her back, naked and helpless, her
legs apart so that the others could see far up between her thighs.  They saw
her naked hairlined slit, as well as the wanton sight of her milking this brown
man's balls dry.  And they all found their arousal growing hotter with each
passing second.

      "That's it, bitch, every drop!  Suck it clean, honey!" Jose crooned, a
satisfied grin on his darkly handsome face.

      The pungent liquid filled her mouth as one last time she gulped it down
to join the rest filling her excitedly quivering belly.  He gave one last
shuddering gasp, smashing his loins down against her face, smearing the hotly
oozing flow around her nose and cheeks, as the huge brown organ began to
soften, turning rubbery between her tightly compressed lips.  He pulled it free
with a lewd sucking sound, and it trailed a stream of white sticky sperm over
her naked young breasts and along her belly as he rocked back onto his heels.
Sandy could breathe again freely for the first time since he had crouched over
her, and her bulging breasts rose and fell as she gasped hungrily to fill her
aching lungs.

      For the first time since he'd started fucking her, there was whispered
conversation again in the dimly-lit room from the other men huddled together a
few feet away, their eyes on Chris as she sat on the edge of a mattress, her
eyes glazed over from the drugs.

      "Well, how about you, Neil?" hooted one of the men.  "Think you can top
that?"  Neil was standing to the side his hand already on his waiting, eagerly
throbbing cock.  Chris turned instinctively and gasped as she saw it, only
vaguely aware that it was meant for her.  She had fleeting thoughts of running,
of escaping, but for the moment, she was paralyzed, unable even to stand
unaided.

      "Hey, honey," came the menacing voice.  Chris turned and faced its
source. "Looks like you and me got somethin' to work on."

      The befuddled young girl felt hands touch her shoulders, then her arms,
and suddenly there seemed to be strong male hands all over her, pushing her,
prodding her to her feet.

      The jeering voices came through the darkness again, over the raucous roar
of the stereo speakers.  "C'mon girl, here's your chance for some meat!  Let's
see what you can do!"




                                  White Slave
                                   Chapter 9

      At that moment Chris despised her friend, hated her for getting her into
this loathsome situation.  As always, it was Sandy who talked her into it.  She
leapt to her feet, backing away from the man cautiously, intent only on making
it to the closed door a dozen feet away.

      One of the men jumped and blocked the door.  He grinned down at her. "Oh,
no you don't, bitch... you ain't running out on us now.  You're paid for
this... you're a whore... a whore!" he spat.  The words stung more than her
ears, sluicing through the fogged stoniness of her brain.  A whore.  It's true,
she'd been hired to be a prostitute.  All that jive about speaking French and
Spanish... all of it was a set up.

      She tried to struggle away, but his hand lashed out at her shoulder; she
snapped away just as his finger snared the thin fabric of her blouse, ripping
it down the middle as if it were paper.  The garment fell away in tow tattered
halves, exposing the white firmness of her breasts softly resting in the sheer
cups of her bra.  "No, please... let me go!"

      Both of the men's powerful arms suddenly snaked around her, and with one
quick, deft move, he unhooked the three tiny hooks of her bra and yanked it
away, throwing it halfway across the room in his frantic excitement.  His eyes
widened as he stared at the frightened blonde's large, ripe breasts, two
bulging, pink-tipped mounds just waiting for his lips.  But this terrified
young girl wasn't for him now, she belonged to Neil.  Almost reluctantly, he
shoved her toward the other man.

      "Come here!" he growled, and this time Chris knew there was no choice but
to obey.  Neil was watching eagerly, and he, too, had moved between her and the
door, still stark naked, his arms folded across his huge chest.  Chris took one
half-step toward the door, trying to avoid him, and abruptly found herself in
the frenzied, sex-hungry Mexican's clutches.  His fleshy lips locked hungrily
on hers as his rough tongue darted between her teeth, hotly exploring the moist
recesses of her mouth.  Chris tried to pull away, to break away from his grip,
but he held her tightly with his big hands clamped like vises on her forearms,
pinching the muscles so painfully she could feel the circulation slowing in her
hands and wrists.  His warmly wet lips left her mouth and traced a line along
the curve of her upturned chin, passionately, but gently, nibbling at the soft
flesh of her neck before moving down along the smooth expanse of her chest. The
horrified girl's blood ran cold as Neil's voraciously sucking lips neared the
fleshy swell of her agitated breasts; another instant, and they were hotly
clamped around the pinkish-brown halos of her nipples. Now his glistening
tongue whirled around the hardening tips of her quivering breasts, and his
sharp teeth nipped playfully at the swelling little nipples.  Chris knew Sandy
was watching, she knew her best friend was somewhere there in the darkness,
watching as she was dragged into the lowest, vilest depths of humiliation and
depravity.  She was once again, the second time in less than 24 hours, being
treated like a whore.  But how unlike last night! Francois had been such a
gentleman.  Now she was nothing but a plaything for these vicious men, theirs
to fondle, to caress. Theirs to empty their seething loads of sperm into, just
a lust-receptacle for these... savages!

      Chris was only slightly aware of being maneuvered toward the empty
mattress.  now that she was standing, the effects of the drug seemed doubled,
the room was spinning around a central axis, whirling in a dizzying
kaleidoscope heightened by the flickering lights of the candles.  Her calves
backed against the edge of the mattress, and with a gentle push from Neil, she
fell flat on her back across the mattress, her skirt bunching up around her
slender young waist, her eyes had been closed; now she opened them wide in fear
as she lost her balance and tumbled across the mattress. Neil seemed to tower
over her like a giant -- his chest a solid, dark wall of muscle now that he had
taken off his shirt.

      "Please don't... please," she whimpered futilely.  She, herself, knew
that her pleas and tears would be unheeded; nothing would stop this
muscle-bound Mexican now!

      He leaned forward and nibbled the soft, tender flesh of her inner thigh,
teasing the skin playfully with sharp, nipping little bites all along the
smooth nakedness of her upper leg.  He started just above her dimpled knee and
worked his way up, up, up... stopping just short of the flimsy panties at the
intersection of her firm, fearfully trembling thighs.  Chris tried to fight it
-- she wouldn't give this vicious animal the satisfaction of seeing her respond
to his lustful advances.

      In spite of her good intentions, the girl had downed too much of that
potent cocaine to remain totally in control of her body; she began to moan as
his hot lips nibbled steadily in one spot, just inches away from the almost
unguarded furrow of her young cunt.  His hands slid easily over her tautly
smooth belly and fastened on the jutting mounds of her softly ripe breasts.
Squeezing with his open palms and pinching the tender flesh in ridges between
his brown fingers which contrasted so sharply with her white skin and blonde
hair.

      Her mind was reeling!  She'd been prepared for the worst... for agonizing
pain, for abject humiliation and sordid degradation... the way it had been with
Mark... but not this!  His warm, sensuous seduction was something she had not
anticipated!  If only he weren't so gentle, so skilled in his passionate
probings of her naked body.

      Of their own volition, Chris long legs slowly parted, opening up the
moistly pink slit of her pussy, easily visible to the man's view beneath the
gauze-like material of her panties.  It looked like a long-sought treasure to
him, sparkling, gleaming ruby concealed up there between her wide spread
thighs.  "Do it, Neil," one of the men in the background yelled.  "She's just
asking for you to eat her pussy."  His remark was greeted with laughter, but
the big brown man gave no indication of hearing it.  His hotly voracious mouth
moved closer to the forbidden orifice, his nose brushing the fragrant curls
teasing out from under the legbands of her panties.  By now, everyone,
including Chris, knew his goal; the moistly throbbing cunt between her snow
white thighs.

      She jerked harshly as she felt another pair of hands touch her face and
shoulders.  Her eyes popped open... it was Sandy!

      "Here, Chris, take another deep drag.  It'll loosen you up." She held a
brightly glowing joint between her fingers, and before the young blonde could
answer, touched the cigarette to her lips. Chris inhaled, filling her lungs
quickly with a slow powerful puff, then held it until her chest seemed about to
explode.  Sandy then disappeared again in the darkness around the mattress, but
that didn't matter.  Chris could feel the potent drug rush straight to her
brain; the flashing colors from outside suddenly intensified, burning brightly
now like tinted floodlights shining into the smokey room, her hands had been by
her side, but now they were moving of their own accord to the flat plane of her
belly, just above the gentle mound of her pelvis with its thinly covered blonde
pubic mound.

      Abruptly, she pulled the crotchband of her panties aside and began
rubbing herself tenderly, caressingly, her fevered young body responding now
fully to the man's carnal probings up between her long slender legs.

      With surprising gentleness, Neil removed her hands and then brushed apart
the softly curling pubic hair guarding her exposed pussy, using his thumbs to
gently spread the heatedly moistened layers of pink flesh.  He leaned forward
at the same moment and without warning, clamped his hungry lips on the
pearl-like bud of her clitoris.  Chris's whole body suddenly arched off the
bed, shattered with a searing blast of animal desire that shot out her loins as
his lips made their first hot contact with her naked pussy.  Again, he began
the tormenting nibbling of her clitoris, while, at the same time, his hands
were hungrily ripping the soft flimsy crotchband of her panties all the way
open.

      "Oooohhh... please... ppplleease..."  But her cry was more one of
anguished helplessness than of pain or terror and, then as the panties were
ripped in half, behind held together only by the elastic band around her waist,
her hips began a wanton response of their own, grinding upward against his
brown face as he chewed ravenously on her fevered cunt-lips.  Chris was
strapped in a swirling, soaring surging of drug-heightened rapture and wanton
delight.

      Neil's quivering red tongue snaked into the hotly moist tunnel between
her widespread legs, worming in between the soft warm walls, then licking along
the wet furrow of her pussy until his tongue brushed electrically again over
her throbbing clitoris. One brown hand was far up between the shadowy cleft of
her whitely trembling buttocks, his fingers caressing the tight puckered ring
of her anus, the other hand was climbing back up to the damp slit of her cunt
and on reaching it, he slid his outstretched middle finger easily into the warm
shelter of her violently trembling pussy, pushing back the tight fleshy walls
that clamped so hotly around it.

      "Christ, she's got the tightest pussy I've ever seen man, it's gonna be
something else pumping my meat into this hot little bitch," thought Neil.

      He pulled his finger momentarily from her moistly heated tunnel and
spread even wider the pink, ragged lips of her pussy, burying his face tighter
against her writhing loins as his lips clenched tight around the pulsing nipple
of he clitoris.  His tongue licked hungrily at her wetly perfumed slit, lapping
at her seeping cuntal juices and swallowing them down eagerly, relishing the
young feminine taste of her naked pussy against his lips.

      Chris opened her mouth as if to cry out, but only a mournful hoarse moan
escaped her lips, a soulful whine from deep in her throat.  She was frantically
writhing now, quivering at his agonizing touch, slamming the whole of her lust
heated loins up against the man's face, grinding her fleshy pink pussy lips
hard against his full lips.

      Oh God, what's happening to me?  Have I turned into some kind of animal?
Why can't I make this all go away?  Oh my God, I can't stop myself... I can't
stop myself!

      Her empty cunt was now aching with wild, insatiable passion... aching for
the one thing that would answer the torturing, lustful desire that were fanning
hotly in her naked belly... aching for the hard, soothing thrust of his cock...
aching for his long, throbbing manhood buried deep in her burning hole. She had
to have it, she had to have its rock hard firmness rammed up inside her --
there was no other way to quell this frenzied riot of savage passion burning
out of control in her quivering belly.

      Neil's two strong hands suddenly gripped her ankles as she pulled away
from her, and with one twist, he rolled her over on her belly, "Get up on your
knees," he commanded, and Chris obeyed. She would have done anything right now
to get rid of that wanton desire rippling incessantly from her cunt.  The
mattress was soft, and it gave under her weight, but she gripped the edges
securely, bracing herself as she rose to her knees and hands, her naked white
buttocks waving like a red flag before the man on his knees behind her.

      Sandy had dropped into the chair by the door, her naked legs dragged over
the arm, and Jose was preparing to fuck her hungry waiting cunt, holding his
huge throbbing cock with both hands as he guided it toward the waiting white
girl's wet, juicy sheath. Neither of them would have taken their eyes off the
action on the other mattress for a second, but they had withstood the torturing
flames of naked lust as long as they could stand it... there was no holding
back now.  Sandy cried out in pain and exaltation as the long glistening shaft
eased between the pink flanges of her pussy, stretching the tender lips wide as
the blood-filled head sank out of sight in the young woman's cunt.

      Fighting the pain, Sandy gripped the arm of the chair and shoved her
ravenous pussy back up against the Mexican's hard lunge; she gasped aloud as
his thick cock sank six inches in her hotly stretched cunt pushing aside the
soft moist walls like rippling waves as he burrowed deep into her open cuntal
hole.  He paused, then thrust the rest of his enormous fleshy rod up all the
way to the hilt in her belly, ramming it into her so hard that tears filled her
eyes from the painful agony.  He'd waited too long already for this -- there
was no time now for building up slowly, he pumped into her like a stallion
mounting a mare in heat, thrusting in hard and fast in a frantic rhythm that
threatened to split her in half with its fury.  He'd been led too far -- the
delicious thrill of having the beautiful bought girl sucking his cock -- the
wildly exciting lewd spectacle of her young friend's naked pussy being
cannibalized by his friend, Neil. Suddenly, the man's head went back and a
surprised, anguished shout came from his lungs... his brown, fleshy hose again
spewed its load into the girl's belly, only this time it pumped in staccato
bursts into her hungry, receptive young cunt, filling it completely and oozing
whitely out onto the arm of the chair. Sandy's pussy-lips milked every drop of
the hotly jerking sperm from the huge shaft, sucking the warm viscous liquid
deep up into her hungrily absorbing young belly.

      Neil had now crawled up behind the nakedly quivering blonde and grabbed
the soft flesh of her buttocks, turning her wetly glistening cunt back up at an
even more acute angle.  Chris felt one hand slip away from her ass for an
instant, and then it was spreading the soft pliable lips of her pussy.  Neil
looked down at his massively throbbing cock poised just an inch from the white
girl's hot little cunt.  Then, never taking his eyes off his rigid staff, he
watched as his painfully aching cock moved closer and closer to the moistly
quivering opening.

      Sandy, only partially recovered from her wild fucking session, had swung
her long legs around and was sitting, enraptured, on the edge of the chair.
Jose was sitting behind her unconsciously resting his mammoth cock on the
girl's bare white shoulder.  An insistent oozing of semen dripped down onto her
flesh, trickling in a lurid stream down to the upthrusting swell of her warm,
naked breast.

      Neil eased forward now onto the young body of the girl on her hands and
knees, his eagerly pulsating cock first touching, then slowly slipping into her
tight little pussy, parting the soft pubic fluff with the hard shaft of his
mighty organ.  He could feel the warm, resilient folds of her pussy close
tightly over the bulbous head of his cock as he held it there, immobile, just
barely in her clasping cunt, rocking it in and out, teasing her and
intensifying the uncontrollable desire in her wantonly writhing body.

      My God!  What a tight pussy!  He couldn't believe how good it felt as his
strong muscular walls wetly gripped his aching cock like a clenched fist,
pulling him deeper and deeper into her hungrily sucking cuntal depths.

      He kept his rigidly long cock there for several minutes, only an inch or
two of it nestled in the moist tightness of her cuntal hole, rocking it in and
out, driving the naked white girl on her hands and knees insane with his
rhythmic, insistent strokes.  The walls of her pussy seemed to have come alive;
they were throbbing, pulsing, grabbing at this invading maleness desperately
trying to pull its long length into her shamelessly aroused hole.

      "Oh God, I can't stand it!  I can't stand it!  Fuck me, oh, please, fuck
me!  Fuck me!  Fuck me hard!" Chris suddenly groaned, her brain spinning wildly
from the combined effects of the marijuana and the tormenting probes of his
huge fleshy staff skewering into her from behind.

      The young blonde's lewd entreaty acted as a goad to the perspiring
Mexican, and suddenly nothing counted except his pleasure-giving cock rammed up
deep inside her starving hole. With a quick, smooth snap of his hips, Neil sent
his long cock to the hilt in her cunt, slamming his loins forward until his
balls slapped between her thighs.  Chris screamed out, an animal cry of
pleasure and pain, and then uttered a long, low moan of anguished relief as he
began to thrust in and out with a pounding, savage rhythm, with each instroke
ramming deeper and deeper in her wildly rippling belly.  Her whole body jerked
and squirmed in an obscene abandonment, a constant cry escaped from her
half-open lips, her face contorted with primitive, savage lust as madly raging
desires took over her body.  Beads of perspiration ran down her smooth naked
thighs and mingled with the rivulets of sweat the brown man was beginning to
shed where their legs ground together.

      "Oh yes, Harder!" she yelled loudly.  "Stick it in me hard and deep."

      The tortured girl was mindless of Jose and Sandy watching and had long
since forgotten the other men.  The brunette roommate was mesmerized at Chris'
sudden change from a nice girl to a wanton whore, and she could feel rebirth of
sexual excitement in her own loins.  Both she and Jose were standing now, close
by the wildly pumping figures of the muscular Neil and the shamelessly aroused
blonde.

      "Harder, fuck harder," Chris screamed again, her voice almost
inarticulate through her lust-constricted throat.

      Neil had never seen anything like it in his life.  This little whore was
so hot she was about to explode.  God, they didn't have whores like this in
Mexico.  "You asked for it, baby. Here it comes," he groaned and grabbed the
fleshy curve of her pelvis and yanked her back toward his loins, causing her to
cry out shrilly as she was deeply and completely skewered now on his long, hard
spear.  He could feel the raw smooth flesh of her pussy tightly clenching and
unclenching in time with his plundering thrusts, sucking hotly on the long
brown length of his cock.  The young girl's breasts were mashed against the
mattress, her buttocks waving obscenely in the air behind her, her eyes and
nostrils flaring wide like those of a crazed animal.

      Neil reached under her and lifted her bodily off the mattress as he
pushed back hard against her, forcing every steel-hard inch of his shaft deeper
and deeper up into her belly.  Jose and Sandy drew even closer, only a few feet
away now, and even the other men had moved up -- including, though she didn't
know it, the latest addition to the spectators, Sandy.  The hot eyes of their
audience were wide with astonishment as they both watched the long glistening
shaft of Neil's huge cock slither in and out of the naked blonde's tightly
clenching pussy-lips, slipping out on the backstroke until only the
lust-swollen tip remained encased in the hot, moist sheath, then ramming it
home again, crashing hard into her belly as his sweat-matted pelvis ground
tightly against the cleft of her nakedly squirming buttocks.

      "Let her have it!" cried Jose caught up in the lascivious excitement of
the moment, fighting the painful hardness welling in his loins as he stood,
naked, by the bed.  His arms was around Sandy's slender waist, and she, too,
seemed almost ready to go out of her mind herself as she watched the man's
hardened cock fuck in and out of her best friend's cunt.  Suddenly she yelled,
"Fuck her good, Neil!  Stick it all the way up.  She loves it!"

      Chris knew she was rapidly nearing the first orgasm she'd ever really
had, and she wanted more, more!  This was incredible... she'd never experienced
anything like this in all her life! She was dazed by the flashing colors that
seemed to explode across her brain, by the high-voltage blasts of electric
passion shooting through her body like blast from a shotgun. Suddenly, this was
the way she wanted it... wicked and perverted, the filthier and more lurid the
better!  "Oh!  That's it!  Oh, yes, baby, fuck me!"

      Her wildly gyrating buttocks swung from side to side in an uncontrollable
savage passion as his powerful brown arms -- muscles bunched and rippling under
the tawny skin -- pulled her writhing ass harder and harder against his
nearly-bursting, lust-inflamed prick.

      "Oh!  Oh!  Oh!  Aaaaa!  I'm cumming," Chris suddenly screamed.  Neil
didn't slow his powerfully deep strokes for even a second; instead, he rammed
each long probe to the hilt, straining his loins forward so that not even a
millimeter was left outside the naked white girl's sucking cunt.  Her body
arched, her nakedly gleaming white ass went high in the air as she pushed up
and back against her brown lover.  She shrieked like an animal gone mad as her
orgasm continued to build in intensity.  The impaled young girl convulsed,
quivering all over as her orgasmic juices flooded his cock and testicles,
flowing wetly out of her tightly clenched young cuntal lips down her smooth
inner thighs.

      Neil knew this was the end; he couldn't hold back the painful tide in his
loins any longer.  His long fingers bit into the soft fleshy cheeks of her
buttocks as he felt the pain intensify in his balls.  His strokes grew more and
more vicious, faster and faster... deeper and deeper.

      "Ooooohhh... ooohhhhh... oooohhhh!"  Chris punctuated his every thrust
with a soulful cry, grinding her upturned ass back against his brown loins.
Then, with a loud, relieved grunt, the wildly throbbing cock exploded inside
the impaled hips of the wildly drugged young girl, filling her belly with his
hot torrents of cum, shooting it far, far up into her open and receptive womb.
Again and again and again his long, rigidly pulsating rod emptied itself with
spasmodic jerks up into her wetly clasping and sucking hole.  Then, after a
seeming eternity... with a pained grunt, his already deflating cock slipped
from her tightly clenching cuntal grip, and she fell forward on her face, still
shivering and squirming lewdly from his frenzied assault... the only sound in
the room was the gasing wheeze hissing out of Chris' naked chest as she fought
to regain her breath, and a low groan from the shamelessly aroused Sandy as her
hand closed over the long, throbbing length of Jose's cock and began to caress
it lovingly.

                                  *    *    *

      A broad, revengeful smirk burst out over Margaret Sorenson's
tear-streaked face as she peered out from behind her living room lace curtain
to see two squad cars pulling up to the curb outside of her apartment building.
And perfect timing, too, for only five minutes before she'd watched, from her
fire escape perch, Roger collecting the money from two Mexican men after the
other men had left in a scurry, leaving behind them a lust-ridden scene of
empty liquor bottles and stained mattresses.  If her guess was right, Roger
should be paying those two nymphomaniac whores about now, sneered Margaret, her
arms crossed over her heaving bosom, heavy with sorrow and misgivings of an
ended love affair.

      She stepped back into the shadows and pulled her bathrobe tight around
her body, a streak of the flooding street lights playing over her blonde hair.
A deep, breathy sigh broke from her chest in a pained tingle of hate and love.
It was over with now -- the illusions, the hopes, the confusion of loving
someone who never cared except for what he could get, she reassured herself.
Sandor had never liked Roger anyway; he would turn over in his grave if he knew
how she'd let her landlord control her life for the past month.  Ordering her
to... to have oral love with him, she remembered with a pang of self-loathing,
and never returning the affection.  And opening her mail, that had to be
against the law, too.

      The curtain dropped from her clutching fingers and the lonely widow
padded for the kitchen for a glass of sherry.

      Turning toward the shadows, she stared for a silent moment at the black
box lurking in the darkness and reached down to turn the knob, a habit born of
loneliness.  No, she changed her mind. Johnny Carson was already over with, but
there would always be tomorrow night and the night after that, and the night
after that. There would be many tomorrows until she left for Sweden, she
realized.

      Roger would have used her until she was old and poor.  It was better this
way, she sighed, opening the cupboard door and reaching for the sherry bottle.

      A scuffle in the street below and the angry murmur of a man in bonds made
Margaret raise her head, set down the bottle and shuffle to the window.  There
below, in the street below she saw the police bodily throw a man into the
backseat of the squad car, two young looking girls, one crying, the other stoic
and stumbling, joined the other policeman in a waiting car.

      Sardonically, Margaret raised her hand to salute the scene below, waving
good-bye to the end of her troubles.




                                  White Slave
                                   Chapter 10

      Three days later Chris O'Brien stood waiting and staring mesmerically at
the Friday afternoon traffic snarling its way down Geary Street.  She'd told
the cab driver to pull up to the curb and honk, and hopefully he would have
enough patience to do that. Her suitcases were too heavy to carry down the long
hallways of the apartment building by herself, and she needed to save her
strength for the plane ride back to Detroit.

      The smile was gone from her young face, replaced with grim regret and
adolescent look of a girl hungry for reassuring affection.  After the past two
days of hassling with the law, being thrown into the San Francisco County Jail
with the whores, drug pushers, and child beaters, she would need some love from
the people back in Detroit who loved her, even though she was a tempestuous
girl, head strong and too wily for anyone to advise, yet too moral to play the
evil games of the city and go unscathed.

      But Sandy could do that.  It didn't seem to bother her when the police
broke into Roger's apartment after the orgy.  Oh God, she swallowed hard,
blinking back the tears at the remembrance of her wanton actions.  She'd been a
whore, nothing but a common tramp!  Hopefully her parent's would never find out
about it.

      Chris remembered the eery expression that had broken over Sandy's pixie
face when the two girls were hurdled out to the waiting squad cars.  It was as
if she were relieved; a child finally punished for stealing the cookies.  That
smile, that vacuous, expressionless smirk had made up Chris' mind... this city
living was not for her; she would rather forget her pride, her independent
resolutions, and go back to start over -- like Monopoly, you have to start at
go; you can't pick your spot on the board and think it home.  It takes time to
build up a comfortable lifestyle, and crime was not her hour glass.

      Chris watched the yellow cab snaking and honking its way through the
tight traffic, pulling up to the curb and honking. She thrust open the window
and waved for the cab driver to come up to help her with her luggage.

      In minutes the heavy door clicked shut behind her; the last time she
would listen to that familiar click of the latch.  It saddened her that Sandy
was not there to hug her best friend good-bye, but maybe that was just as well.
They hadn't much in common anymore, and although Chris still dearly loved her
friend as if she were a sister, they had clearly chosen separate paths.  Sandy
was probably standing at a bus stop somewhere in the city looking for tricks.
Just as well, sighed Chris.  It would keep her in clothes, dope, and kicks.
That's what mattered to Sandy -- that and men.  But she'd have plenty of them
now -- her fill.  How many?  Ten?  Twenty a day?

      Sure, she has a job, thought Chris ruefully, lifting her portfolio and
setting in in the crackling plastic of the back seat, but what about her
future?  All that talent... wasted.  All she has is a lifetime of remorse. That
was nothing to be envious of.

                                    The End






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





