BDSM Library - Anita




Anita
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Anita found out it's really fun to apply some self-bondage to herself. She found herself a partner for her game, and later Anita had some new advanture in bondage.
Anita
by Orion 




Anita I

          Thanks everyone for all the help and advise. I have everything we
talked about and my back-ups are in place. I'll let you know how things go.

Anita

With that the twenty two year old red head shut down her computer. Everything
was ready, and in place just like she had said. But wile Megan from the news
group suggested caution the first time Anita wanted it all. All or nothing! She
wanted tight, strict, and escape proof. She wanted some pain and discomfort.
Like a true brat Anita wanted it all right now! And no matter what anyone said,
she was going to get it. Owen's final quote still echoed in her mind, Be careful
what you wish for, you just may get it.

          First came the leather belt assembly that she had constructed. She was
already nude, having stripped before using the computer. Welcome to the
internet, the ultimate come as you are party. The wide leather belt was actually
two belts joined together.One buckled   tight around her waist, wile the other
passed between her legs and buckled in front. This is Anita's version of a
chastity belt. Both belts were two inches wide and the crotch belt had a small
ball attached, just for fun.

          Using soft cotton rope she lashed her ankles together and cinched them
securely. Then using a thinner cord Anita wrapped and cinched her big toe's,
tying them as well. Perfect; she thought as she examined her red nail polish
above the wrapped cords. More rope was used above and below her knees the same
way as her ankles, binding them securely.

          The gag came next. It was a plastic golf ball with the holes in it.
It was rolled up in a bandana and fit snugly into her mouth. This effectively
muffled any sounds she may make. A soft Muuumph..... was all she could manage
when she tried to speak.

            The blind fold and handcuffs lay near by. She wasn't ready for them,
yet. Instead she picked up two clothes pins and placed one on each excited
nipple. Mouugh; she moaned as they went on, the wooden jaws taking hold. It
wasn't the first time for either the gag or the clothes pins. Anita had worn
both wile she was on the computer several times. The internet is the greatest
come as you are party around. But today was different. Today she was using the
items in a bondage situation for the first time.

          OOPS! almost forgot the tether. Near-by a five foot length of chain
was pad locked to a ring in the wall. Anita looped the loose end around the
cinch rope on her ankles and locked it into place. Without the keys that were
out of reach right now she would have to untie her ankles to get loose. Only she
wasn't ready for that.  

         Another belt assembly lay near-by. This one wrapped around her torso
and buckled in front between her breasts. It has two loops about eight inches
apart that are large enough for Anita to slip her arms through. Then with the
loops just above her elbows Anita buckles it in front.

        A folded piece of cloth served to cover her eyes. Then she blindly
slipped her arms into the torso loops and buckled the belt snugly in front. Only
one more thing to do, the hand cuffs. The open ring of the cuff slipped through
a steel ring at the back of the chastity belt assembly.

        Before she could think about what she was doing the cuffs had ratcheted
closed on her wrists. Finally, after week of preparation she had done it. Anita
was kneeling, naked and helplessly bond in her own bed room. And she had done it
to herself.

        The red head knelt in her bondage for some time getting the "feel" of
it. The total helplessness of her situation frightened her a little. Her small
hands twisted in the cuffs as she tried to slip a hand free. She shrugged her
shoulders trying to slip the elbow loops, still secure in the belief that the
others were wrong. Anita did not believe the she could not escape her bondage.
After all she was a big girl, not a child.

        Anita wiggled her hips and her entire torso twisted making her boobs
jiggle. The pinching fire on her nipples seemed to amplify the effect of her
crotch strap. Silently she swayed side to side in a desperate attempt to find
her way to freedom. Rocking on her knees and biting down on her gag Anita
imagined someone teasing her. Toying with her bound nakedness. A fantasy made
easier by the blind fold.

      The fantasy pushed her on as she rocked harder on her knees. The
frustration of the bondage, biting clips on her breasts, and the crotch strap
finally reached it's peak. Suddenly every muscle in her body went ridged as she
strained for all she was worth. Her leather bound hips thrusting back and forth
as hundreds of sparks flashed before her eyes.

      Finally sagging from exhaustion Anita toppled from her knees to land on
her left shoulder. Her reactions frightened her, and the power of her first self
bondage orgasm was a real surprise. Anita felt all warm in the after glow as she
lay there slowly trying to get her ragged breathing back under control.

      After an eternity of minutes Anita began to feel herself again. She was
laying on her side with her legs stretched out. Slowly she shifted one body part
that another, taking stock of her helplessness.The red head pulled at her
restraints. This had been fun but she wanted out now.

        Her struggles became more desperate as she started to realise that the
others were right. Once tied up she was not getting out without the keys. I mean
you would think a grown adult could untie their self. The key to the teather
holding her near the wall lay along the base board and was easy to reach. The
lock was another matter. It took several minutes of twisting before the key
slipped into the opening.

        That didn't mean she was free. Only free from the wall. The handcuff
keys were outside on the deck table. At least it is warm out tonite; she
thought. Creeping over to the bed Anita used it to stand up.

        She took three big hops and stopped. Each hop made her breasts bounce,
and each bounce pulled at her nipple clips. Now what; she thought, I can't stand
here. After several small but no less painfull hops she bumped into her dresser.

      Damn, I missed the door. Six more hops to the right put her in front of
the closed bed room door. Getting the door open was easy but ahe knew that tring
to navagate through the apartment blind and bound just wouldn't work.

          After several minutes of rubbing her blind fold on the door frame it
lifted to her forhead. That's better; she thought. But the trip through the
apartment was slow and agonizing. Each hop brought her closer to freedom, yet
tortured her poor nipples. Hop, bounce, ouch, was the rythem she had developed.

          At the kitchen door Anita stopped to catch her breath. Only a small
light over the sink was lit. The clock on the stove said a little after three in
the afternoon. She tried again to wiggle out of her self induced captivity, but
still nothing came loose.

        But she did notice a warmth spreading thruogh her again from the crotch
strap rubbing just the right way. Maybe it was the bondage as well, but one
thing was certin. She was going to explode again and soon.

        She peered out thruogh the window at the keys on the low table. The deck
it's self was a six by eight foot rectangle. The railing around the deck was one
by one slats with a one inch space between. This would provide little protection
from being seen, but she was on the second floor and the deck was in shadow. All
she needed to do was to stay low.

        Opening the door was simple and she turned to exit. No one was in site
so Anita dropped to her knees on the planking. As her knees hit the wood the
blind fold was jared loose and dropped back into place. The bound girl tried
unsuccessfuly to rub it off again. Shit; she thought, it won't move.

          Giving up on the blind fold Anita set out for the table and the keys.
With each twist and push the heat doubled and she felt herself slipping further
over the edge. The red head pulled her knees into a featial position and erupted
into another mind blowing orgasm.

          Voices woke her. They were right below her. It was her nieghbor and
his wife. They had set up a small grill and were prepairing dinner. Wow, that
smelled good!

        Moving slowly to avoid any niose she tried to retrive the keys. Bound as
she was Anita couldn't get to her knees without attracting attention. So she
reached up with her bound feet tring to grab them with her toes. But with her
big toes bound together she couldn't get a good hold. The keys dropped to the
deck with a clatter That the bound girl was sure the whole neighborhood heard.

        Nothing happened. Maggie kept talking and Sam was fiddling with the
grill. Anita let out the breath she had been holding. She twisted about and
began to feel for the keys with her fingers. She brushed something small and it
jingled softly. She reached out again brushing the keys with her finger tips.
Now she had them. Anita moved again and reached out for the keys.

        For just a second they were at her finger tips. Then she felt them slip
into a space between the decking. There came a loud and very distinctive jingle
as the keys landed on the deck below.

          Maggie picked up the keys and glanced up. Through the gaps in the
decking she could just make out an out-line of someone laying on the deck above.
Sam was still in the garage and would be for some time. Taking the keys she went
to the spiral stairs that lead to the upper deck.

        Anita knew she had been found out now. Nobody would miss the keys
falling right on top of them. She kept waiting to hear footsteps on the stairs.
The blind fold lifting off was a suprise. Anita had ot heard Maggie climb the
stairs because she was barefoot, and alone.

      Looking around Maggie made sure nobody was looking and rolled Anita over
opening the hand cuffs. Anita sat still as Maggie removed all of the restraining
equipment. They scooped everything up and went back into Anita's place.

      Maggie said, why don't you shower and join us for dinner. Sam is leaving
right after and we can talk. Anita couldn't help but to agree, after all Maggie
did know everything now and had kept it quiet. Maybe now she had someone to at
least talk to.

      Wearing a tank to and cutoffs Anita Joined her friend. Dinner was as good
as it had smelled. Wile she was eating she couldn't help notice that Maggie kept
staring. Then she saw it, red rings around her wrists, elbows, knees and ankles.
She looked at Maggie in shock, but Sam never seemed to notice. Maggie's husband
soon left and the girls cleaned up.

        Can you show me how you did that; Maggie asked? I guess so, but you
aren't going to tell anyone will you; Anita asked? No way, I'm just interested
how someone can tie them self up like that. It is easier than you may think, the
red head said, as she displayed her stuff.

        Slowly she explained everything to her guest as she recreated the
origoinal bondage, minus the nipple clips she was just to sore. After closing
the hand cuffs Maggie helped with the gag and blind fold. You really can't get
loose; Maggie asked? Anita shook her head no. Will you be ok like this for a
wile? Anita knodded.

        Good, when I come back you can tie me up, but for now get comfertable. I
have all of the keys and your not going anywhere until I get back. What: Anita
wondered? She was naked, bound and helpless again. Chained to the wall with no
escape. And how long will Maggie be gone? She didn't say. All she could do was
lay there and make the most of it. Which she did, The crotch strap was pulled
tighter this time. She was already starting to float on that river of
excitement. Who knows, maybe Maggie won't hurry back.




Anita II

     Part 1   
          It was another hot summer day and Anita was on her deck waving good by
to her neighbors. Maggie and her husband were hearing for their cabin out by the
lake for the weekend. Maggie had asked Anita to help her pack a few things,
which the red head did happily. The extra items included a set of handcuffs, a
blindfold and ball gag, and even a hundred feet of rope. They had spent several
days practicing to help Maggie learn how to use them. Hummmmm... maybe Maggie
will remember the video camera, she thought.

      Oh well that just left the house empty for a self bondage weekend. She
could bump and thump all she wanted without worrying about the down stairs
neighbors. Nobody would be over to disturb her, the only person who knew about
her games was heading out of town.

      Every thing was set up and there was no reason to wait. She took the old
wind up alarm clock that she had modified just this morning and sat it on a high
shelf.Anita had carefully removed the glass and the hands from the clocks face.
This left a running clock that you can not read. Anita carefully wound he clock
listening to the steady tic-toc. Then she gave the alarm set button six turns.
Without the hands she had no way of knowing if the alarm would ring in minutes
or hours. If left alone it would ring at a maximum of twelve hours before the
spring ran out.

      On the back of the clock there is the winding keys. On the alarm key was
glued a ledge of cardboard. The key to her locking leather cuffs would set there
until the alarm sounded, tipping the ledge. The sound of the alarm would also
let her know the key was in easy reach and the general location. Anita intended
to be wearing a blindfold and would not see the key when it fell.

          Off she went to the bed room stripping off her shirt and denims. She
knelt by the bed and placed a leather cuff around each ankle, locking them shut.
But ankles were then locked together using a padlock. An eighteen inch chain ran
from the lock to another that awaited her wrists. The chain would allow plenty
of wiggle room yet not allow Anita to straighten out her legs.

        The blindfold came next, placing her in total darkness. Anita then used
a harness ball gag. It had a forehead strap and covered the blindfold so she
could not rub it loose. Finally she reached behind her back and wrapped the
wrist cuffs around her arms. Using a padlock she connected them to the chain,
successfully placing herself in a hogtie.

          This was it, it was now to late to change her mind. The last lock was
in place and the keys were way out of reach. She was going no where until the
alarm dropped the keys. Oh well, nothing to do now but wait. But already her
fingers were probing her restraints for a weakness.

          A short time later Maggie was getting ready as well. Sam was out
building a fire and she ducked into the bedroom with a small bag. First she
slipped out of her clothes and pulled the first item out of the bag. Black lace
panties with snaps in the crotch for easy access. Then came a matching black
lace strapless bra with the hooks in front. Maggie then hung a ball gag around
her neck like a sort of necklass for later use.

          Maggie slipped the steel ankle cuffs into place clicking them shut.
There was about twelve inches of chain between the cuffs. Finally she slipped a
handcuff around her right wrist. After laying the key on the dresser the dark
haired woman placed her hands behind her back and closed the cuff. She looked at
the keys fearfully. I can still back out; she thought. He will never know. But
then she shook her head, no I brought these things and I am going to use them.
Time for a little surprise.

        The chain linking her ankles rattled softly with each step as Maggie
went to join her husband. Sam had placed a blanked and pillows on the floor by
the fire place. She could see his nude form in the fire's glow. Sam Malone lay
flat on his back resting his head on his hands. His eyes were closed, and he had
the beginnings of an errection starting.

      As Maggie approached the rattling of the ankle chains attracted her
husbands attention. He looked to her bare feet seeing the metal bands circling
her ankles and the connecting chain. His brown eyes traveled up to the odd ball
hanging around her neck on a strap. Maggie was softly biting her lower lip like
she always did when she was nervous.

      Maggie turned showing her profile and her cuffed wrists. You weren't
kidding about something new were you? What do you think; she asked, as she
displayed her bondage to him. Nice, very nice; Sam said, where did you get the
cuffs? I borrowed them from Anita; Maggie answered, She showed me how to use
them. Sam laughed; I won't even ask how you two got into this. Come here and lay
down; he commanded.

      Laying down without falling was difficult without the use of her hands,
but Maggie was soon snuggling in close to her husband. Where are the keys; he
asked? On the dresser; she answered, as he wrapped a thick arm around her. And
this; he asked, pointing at the red ball on the strap around her neck. It is a
gag; Maggie explained, you place the ball into my mouth and buckle it in tight.
And then what; he asked? Then I as your quiet little obedient wife to do with as
you like.

      Sam sat her up and inserted the ball between her teeth and buckled it
snugly into place. He also noticed something clenched in his wives hands.
Tugging it free Sam examined it. The thing looked like a sleep mask made out of
leather. Well, this he knew how to use without being told.

        Mummph, maghph, Maggie tried to speak as the blindfold slipped into
place. Shhhhh..... Sam said as he once again took his now totally helpless wife
into his arms. Maggie's lace covered breasts pressed against his chest, as his
lips found that tingly spot just below her left ear.

        Maggie purred and snuggled closer to her husband as much as possible.
With one hand he popped the hooks on her bra freeing her ample breasts. Sam
firmly gripped one of Maggies orbs with his hand squeezing gently. Then she felt
his lips playfully pulling at the nipple. Teasingly soft he caressed her breast.
Mummmmm..... Maggie hummed into the gag, her small fists tugging quietly   and
uselessly at the cuffs restraining them. I'm really screwed now; she thought, or
at least I will be soon.

Part 2
          Back home Anita had been twisting in frustration for over two hours.
The radio had told her that much, but she was still no closer to freedom that
when she had started. Until that is when the alarm goes off and drops the keys
to her. Damn, she had forgotten to use the stimulators, and she could not pull
the chain linking her hands and feet against the right spot. Double damn........

        Anita twisted in her bondage, frustrated beyond belief. She imagined
Maggie in the cuffs and chains. Sam roaming his hands over her tenderly.
Teasingly soft yet firm and unyielding. Maggies helplessness at her husbands
hands. Sam's muscular torso moving against her helpless naked body. His cock
sliding into a well lubed dark space. Ohhhhhh....

        Anita rocketed into an orgasm! The thought of her captive friend making
love to her husband drove her over the edge. The images were so clear she could
almost feel it. The red head moaned into her gag and pumped her hips into the
carpeted floor. Oh if only she weren't alone!

      Maggie on the other hand had far more than she was ready for. She did not
know if it was the bondage or just the blindfold and not seeing what was
happening that made things tingle. She waned desperately to wrap herself around
him but the steel restraints made that impossible. Maggie needed him more than
ever now. But deep down inside she also knew that the longer he took the better
it would be.

        The black lace panties were unclasped and pulled away barring the last
of her. Oh damn,,: Maggie thought, If I had know it could be like this years
ago. Sam had always been a great lover, but after today? Well you never know.
All thought was driven away as a hand rubbed the moist area between her thighs.

      Sam's lips brushed hers. For the first time she kissed her husband wile in
bondage. Long and deep was the kiss. Their lips crushed together. Maggie felt
his erection enter her smoothly. Slowly sliding it's length to the hilt and back
out again. Working slowly, in even strokes, pushing her
deeper into an unfamiliar darkness.

        Straining against her bonds Maggie bit at her gag as she reached a
plateau. Over she fell into a powerfully earth shattering orgasm. Frightening
and fulfilling all at once. Sam was coming too, Thrusting into her with deep
powerful strokes to the finish. He rolled to one side in complete exhaustion.
Maggie was soaring in an orgasmic world of rainbows and fireworks. A place of
immense joy and contentment.

  Part 3
        It was now about five am according to the radio announcer. It had been a
long night of frustration and restraint for Anita. She had dozed as best that
she could being hogtied all night, but real rest had eluded her. Still she had
not heard the alarm that signaled the dropping of her keys. Maybe I slept
through it; the helpless woman thought.

      Anita twisted and rolled her way into the living room. It was a long and
difficult journey bound as she was. The helpless girl received a healthy dose of
rug burn for her efforts. The leather cuffs had heald her securely without
restricting her circulation. With all of the crawling and struggling Anita was
soon drifting back to sleep under the area of the clock.

        Riiiinnnnnggggggg........The alarm finally went off, scaring Anita. At
last; she thought. Now she didn't' have far to go. Only the keys weren't there.
The string was hanging where it should be but not the keys. The loop holding the
keys was broken and that meant that the keys were scattered on the floor.

      Phew..... at least she knew they couldn't go far. She had worried that
they didn't fall and were up high out of each. This way freedom was a matter of
time while she searched the floor.Not an easy task for someone who is bound and
blindfolded but worth the effort.

      Sam Malone sat on the chair by the burnt out fire place sipping his early
morning coffee. Maggie still lay on the blankets, still in the cuffs and
blindfold. He had finally removed the gag before falling asleep. He really loved
his wife, and every curve of her smooth body. But not so much as right now. He
never knew she could be so.....wild. Why he had thought about asking her to try
this a year ago, but was afraid she would say no. Yet here she was wrist and
ankles cuffed, as well as a blindfold. She was totally and helplessly his, and
he had another Idea.

      A short time after she woke up Maggie was sitting in a sturdy wooden
chair. She was still nude and blindfolded. Sam had not allowed her to remove it
through breakfast, which he fed to her. He wrapped a rope around her and the
chair back, running it over and under her breasts. Then he tied her ankles to
the rear chair legs, pulling them back and up until her toes left the floor. Her
hands were tied behind the chair and a rope went down under the seat to keep her
hands securely in place.

    The blindfold was removed and the gag went in. Maggie found herself sitting
in the pantry with shelves of canned goods. See you later; Sam said I'm going to
do some fishing. What?; Maggie wondered? But he pulled the curtain closing her
into her small cell, naked, alone, and helpless, to await his return.

      For the first hour Maggie tried to get free. Twisting her small wrists in
their ropes and shaking her bound feet. She could see the knots holding her legs
up in such an uncomfortable way, but could not reach them. Peering down between
her breasts she could also see the knots holding her torso so snugly but was
powerless to reach them.

        That's when she heard the sounds of someone on the porch. There was a
knocking and the door opened. Anyone home; the voice called. It was Judy from
next door. Damn it, why didn't Sam lock the doors? Foot steps moved through the
kitchen and through the cabin. Maggie; Judy called again, are you here?

      Maggie heald her breath, trying not to make the slightest sound. Judy was
the biggest blabber mouth on the lake and everyone would soon hear how she had
found poor Maggie tied and naked. No, she defiantly could not let Judy find her.
The bound woman listened as her uninvited guest re-entered the kitchen and
stopped in front of the curtain that blocked the pantry. It was the only
protection she had from discovery. She could see Judy's canvas sneakers under
the curtains edge as she stopped to call once again.

      At this point Judy was less than three feet from Maggie and the chair she
was bound to. The sneakers took a step closer as Judy actually brushed against
the curtain dragging it open with her shoulder. She never looked back though. It
was a good thing for Maggie because she could now see Judy as she left, closing
the door behind herself.Maggie staired at the closed door and sighed with
relief. Now if only Sam would come home before someone else looks in the back
door and sees her there.

      A key! After several minutes of searching Anita had the first key. It was
to big for the cuffs so it had to be for the locks holding her limbs together.
She tried the padlock at her wrists first, but it would not turn. Oh damn....
It's for the other lock. Laying on her side and tugging on the chain Anita
pulled her feet closer to her bound hands. She inserted the key into the second
lock and turned. It snapped open freeing her ankles from the chain linking her
feet to her hands. The cuffs were still locked around her ankles but they
weren't locked together. More importantly she could now walk and straighten out
her cramped legs.

      This made searching easier and quicker. Being able to use her feet in the
search Anita soon found another key. It would not fit the cuffs or lock holding
her hands together. Ok, it s for the lock on the harness gag. No problem, but
she cold not unlock that without first freeing her hands. So far that key has
eluded her every effort to find it.

      There is always the spare keys in the garage but that would mean she would
have to go out side. The trouble with that is it was now around nine o'clock
with the sun well up and she was still bound, blind, gagged, and naked! If it
were dark out she could slip easily out and down the steps into the yard.

    Yet an hour later. With water dripping from her chin and running down her
breasts from the drink
she tried to get, Anita admitted defeat. She was sure she had searched the whole
floor but still could not find the missing keys. There was no longer a chiose,
she knew she would have to risk being seen to get loose. It wasn't so much the
stiff shoulders that helped her deside, it was the aching jaw from her gag.
  

  Part 4
            With her hands still bound behind her, and trailing the eighteen
inch length of chain that use to link her ankles to her wrists. The gag and
blindfold still securly in place, and the leather cuffs still around her ankles
Anita started for the door. The doors were much easier for her this time. It was
the minutes she would spend exposed on the stairs that worried her. Once down in
the yard she was safe, there is a high wood privacy fence around the yard.

          The sun warmed deck planking almost burnt her bare feet as Anita
worked her way down the stairs without falling. As it was she had to croch down
low for the small protection the railing may provide. Which of course was very
little anyways.

            The steps spiraled down and seemed to go on for ever. It is funny
how things seem so different when you are whearing a blindfold. Anita was sure
she had gone down a lot further than the one level. Eventually she felt the cool
comfert of the grass on her feet.

            The stairs ended facing the yard so that put the garage to her left.
The red head set out carefully feeling her way with her toes. For that reason it
was a toe Anita almost broke instead of her nose. The hot sun was trying to burn
her as Anita slid her shoulder along the wall until she found the door.

            The doorknob always stuck and today was no exception. Anita tried
three times to twist the knob and thump it with her bare ass. Someone rapping on
the gate terrorfied her. Gas man, a male voice called. Anita panicked,
Throughing her weight against the door once again. It popped pen and she tumbled
inside. The gas man called again, this time opening the gate.

            Anita struggled up from the floorand brushed against the overhead
door. From there she slid into the corner behind the door she had just fallen
through. Anita stood in the narrow space behind the open door as he aproached.
The bound girl was panic stricken!

      Heavy foot steps aprached the open door. He stopped just outside the open
portal and called again. Anita cowered silently in the corner barely two feet
away from him. The gas meters stood just outside the door against the very wall
she leaned against.

        It was almost to much to be so close do discovery by a total stranger.
The fear and excitement all at once. What would he do if.........., would he
free me or would he have a better use
for a helpless young naked woman?

        She heard hs clipboard snap shut with a snap. Then he entered the
garage. They were seporated by meir inches, and a door. BANG, the door slammed
shut. Anita nealy screamed at the sound. She waited for him to make a sound.
Then she heard the gate outside open and close. He was gone, her secret was
safe. She was safe.

      S....H....I....T....! She sighed in relief as her knees got to weak
to hold her up.

        Sam came home and untied his wife. He took her into the bed room and
retied her standing with her hands high over her head. They were tied to a
rafter and she was going nowhere. Her husband had laughed hmself silly at her
telling him about Judy. To him at least it was funny.

          Her ankles were tied as well as her knees. Then the blindfold was
replaced. Sam's hands slipped gently around her nude body. Gently touching
everywhere she wanted to be touched.

Swaying and writhing in her bondage Maggie felt her self soaring to new heights.
Sam stood behind her with his naked body pressed against hers. Both hands were
on Maggies breasts pinching and teasing them to hard points.
His manhood swelled and was resting against the crack of her ass.

After several minutes he untied Maggie's legs and hugged his wife from in front.
Instantly her legs were wrapped around his waist. Sam slid his fully erect cock
into place and lowered Maggie slightly. Now impaled on his organ, Maggie twisted
and swung from her bound wrists while riding her husband for all she was worth.

Free at long last, Anita worked the stiffness out of her aching jaw. The padlock
that had linked her wrists lay on the floor along with the chain that use to
link her into the hogtie. It felt so good to stretch for the first time in
hours. She had never been bound for so long before. The garage was to stuffy to
remain in so Anita picked up her things and went out into the yard.

Looking around carefully She saw that in no way could anyone have seen her. She
would be exposed for a few seconds on the stairs but that was unavoidable.
Staying as low as possible Anita scampered up the stairs to her deck. There she
crawled to the door staying will below the railing.

The nude girl reached for the knob and turned it. The knob twisted but the door
did not open. What now? she asked. Peeking i the window of the door Anita could
see the mirror by the phone. More importantly she could see the lock on the
door. The t-shaped knob was turned in the lock position. No shit....... She
muttered. Anita moved to the opposite side of the deck where there was more
protection to think.





Part 5 (epilog)
    It was evening and Maggie found herself kneeling in the grass out side the
cabin. Her hands were securely cuffed behind her back and her ankles were
crossed and tied to a stake. Another rope was tied to the cuff chain and ran
between her legs. It went between the cheeks of her ass under her pelvic area
and up to a limb in a tree. Each time the wind blew it pulled the rope taught,
Tugging at her arms and driving the rope deeper into her sensitive pussy.

        Sam approached carrying a switch he had pulled from another tree. He
brought it down across her breasts making her flinch. Slowly he walked around
his wife stinging her naked body again and again. For her part Maggie danced on
her knees, a sensually erotic dance as she tried to avoid the weapon. Each twist
and tug drawing the crotch rope deeper into her. Her large breasts and ass
seemed to be Her husbands favorite targets. But a few slashes were applied to
the exposed sole's of her bare feet.

          The sun was finally down but the night was no cooler. That was fine
with Anita, being naked she did not want to be cold also. Anita went down the
stairs to the yard. As she stepped away from the steps the yard was ablaze with
light. Oh no; Anita said, the motion lights. I'm safe enough in the yard but the
drive way has the same lights. If I go out there I'll be seen for sure. Even old
Mrs. Crandle with her coke bottle glasses will be sure to see a nude girl in an
empty driveway when the lights come on.

      Home, Maggie could not believe it. After this weekend all she wanted was
to rest and relax. She was so sore all she could wear was one of Sam's large
t-shirts. It hung just low enough to protect what little modist she had left.

        In fact she was so tired Maggie almost did not see the nude girl on the
lounge chair. Hi; Anita said, smiling at her friend. I'm fine but what are you
doing, Maggie said, Sam is coming in soon. I got locked out yesterday and have
been trapped in the yard sence, Anita replied. Well come in and I will get the
spare keys.

      They went into the Malone's apartment, and Sam the sweety did not even
show any surprise to find a nude woman in the house that wasn't his wife. His
only reaction was, As long as the neighbors don't complain I don't care.

        He looked at Anita and said; I understand the things Maggie borrowed
were yours? Anita nodded. Well then thank you for an interesting weekend. You'll
have to join us up there next time. And maybe you could help us put together
some things of our own. I'd be happy to; she said, and I'll even show you how
everything works.

    Sure, maybe next weekend........?






Anita III

          The red haired girl parked her car in the empty lot and tossed the
keys into her small back pack. She had decided to do some out door self bondage
and went to a place she knew well. A large public park with several secluded
picnic pavilions scattered around. Her destination was one of these. The sun was
hot so she had dressed light, wearing a tank top and shorts. And she knew from
experience that the grass was thick and soft so she did not bother with her
shoes. Instead she hefted the pack and stalked off bare foot.

        After crossing a large field Anita found the trail opening she was
looking for. The trail twisted three times before ending at the pavilion she was
thinking of. Only someone was there already. Anita hung back behind a tree at
the trail end and watched. A young woman about her own age stood on a table and
placed something up high out of sight.

      That's when the blond girl got Anita's full attention. She peeled her
shirt off and dropped it on a table. Next she slipped her shorts off and placed
them with the shirt. Then stepping up to a support post she tied her waist to it
with rope. A thick cloth gag followed and after a quick glance around a blind
fold came right behind. Finally she locked her wrists into a set of handcuffs
behind her back and the post.

      Anita stood there watching the girl struggle to free herself. It took
several minutes for curiosity to win out. Setting the pack down quietly the red
head crept forward her bare feet silent in the grass. Slowly she circled the
bound girl, examining her restraints and her escape route. A large piece of ice
up in the rafters heald a key to the handcuffs she wore. The day was hot but the
ice was in the shade and would need about two hours to melt.

        Moving closer as the helpless girls struggles settled down Anita sat on
a table just out of reach. The girl was blond, slim and well toned with
impressively large breasts. Anita felt that they just screamed for more
restraint but was not in a hurry to surprise the girl.

      Occasionally the blond would twist her wrists or tug at the ropes holding
her in place but nothing would budge. Anita sat silently watching the futile
struggle for well over half an hour. Glancing up at the key she decided it was
time to do something.

          With an impish grin Anita scooped up her clothes and shoes. Slipping
away as quietly as she had approached The elf-like red head put everything in
the trunk of her car. Then she walked back to watch the fun. Finding a good
vantage point behind some wild berry bushes Anita settled in to wait.

        The time passed slowly for Anita. I'll bet it is worse for her, she
thought. Sitting on a fallen tree and swinging her feet back and forth with the
grass tingling her bare soles. Birds hopped from tree to tree and a squirrel ran
across a near by table but nothing else moved.

      Finally the key fell free from the ice swinging down and bumping into the
bound girls stomach. Twisting around she grabbed the key and opened the cuffs.
The blind fold came off next quickly followed by the gag. Reaching down the
blond removed the rope holding her waist and reached for her clothes.

        Shock set in as she scanned the tables. Dropping to her knees the
frantic girl looked under the tables. Then she jumped to her feet and looked
around the clearing to see if her clothes were out there. With a look of utter
defeat she dropped onto a picnic bench.

        The look on that sweet nudes face literally tore at Anita's heart.
SHIT!!!!! What if that had been me, she thought? Oh well, gotta play it out now.
Getting up from her seat Anita strolled down the path and out into the small
clearing. Seeing the upset girl she went over and sat beside her.

        The blond did not notice her until Anita placed a hand on her bare
shoulder. When she looked up there were tears in her eyes. Let me help you she
said. Tell me everything. I'm Julie the blond said. She then explained
everything to her about her self bondage and that she had taken the bus here
from across town. Don't yo worry, Anita said, I tie myself up occasionally too.
I'll take care of you.

        Really, the grateful blond said? Sure thing, and My car is out in the
parking lot. We can go to my place just a few minutes away. That would be
wonderful, Julie said. Come on, let's gather you toys and get going.

        The walk to the car was a bit un-nerving for Julie who had to do it
naked, but the park was empty at this time of day. As long as it was just the
two of them Julie walked as if her lack of clothing made little difference. At
the car Anita handed her a large beach towel from the back seat to cover up
with.

        Once back home Anita pulled into the garage and closed the door. The
yard has a high fence, nobody can see in. As they walked across the yard Anita
pulled her shirt off, I am out her nude a lot, she explained to her guest. They
went up the stairs to the upper deck and into the house. Anita told Julie to
make herself comfortable and if she wanted she could use the shower. That offer
was to good to pass up and Julie was soon off showering.

As Julie exited the shower she saw a bundle of clothes and a note in the door
way. They were her clothes, the ones that disappeared in the park. Why that
little sneak, Julie said. Then she read the note;

Julie,
Here are your things back. Sorry for the trick but I just could not resist. As
we talked about in the car I do practice self bondage too. I am in the back yard
waiting, come out when you are ready.
Anita

Julie did not even wait to get dressed, but went out wrapped in the towel. A
blanket was spread in the center of the yard and Anita was laying on it stark
naked. Only now she was hog tied using locking leather cuffs and a short chain.
There was a blind fold and ball ga as well.

The blond slowly descended the stairs and at the bottom step found Anita's keys
by stepping on them with a barefoot. I'll fix her, Julie thought as she moved
the keys to the fifth step. Then kneeling beside Anita she said, So it was you
that took my clothes, I was wondering. You do know what this means don't you?,
she asked as she playfully stroked one of Anita's bare feet with a finger tip.

Anita twisted in an attempt to escape but it was far to late for that. Julie had
a firm grip and had both hands to use. She writhed helplessly under the tickling
attack. No matter which way she rolled Julie was there to prod her back again.
Every time she hide one part of her naked body from the attack another came into
view. Yet through it all she could hear Julie's sparkling laughter, just as and
loud and clear as her own.

Finally after an eternity Julie released her. Should we go inside and play now,
Julie asked? Ya let's go, Anita said, I have another Idea for you now.

Julie soon found herself laying on the bad, leather straps around her wrists,
elbows, knees and ankles. She also wore a strange sort of leather gag with way
to many straps, Anita reappeared, here is what happens. I will be strapped to
you and hand cuffed. We will be trapped together until the ice melts and the
keys fall to the floor. Then we have to get to them.

Anita's ankle cuffs were then attached to Julie's and straps were placed around
their combined knees and waists. The waist belt also had a strap to pass between
their legs holding their thighs tight together. Another strap was placed around
their bodies drawing their shoulders close together and pressing their bare
breast's firmly against one another. Then Julie found out why the gag had to
many straps. Anita placed her mouth over the leather pouch and drew the straps
tight around her own head.

The two of them were now gaged together, their lips separated by only a thin
leather band. The Anita locked her cuffs behind her back to the waist belt
guaranteeing their helplessness. As one they began to explore their limited
amount of movement. Every time one would move their two naked bodies would rub.

Anita was getting real excited by this and by the look in Julie's eyes she was
too. They twisted and moaned as they worked each other into a frustrated frenzy.
Julie's larger breasts were pressed tight against Anita and she could feel her
hard nipples pressing into hers. But the best part was the crotch strap that
telegraphed every little movement straight to their clits.

Julie started to buck and twist as the first orgasm hit. Anita came right
behind, leaving both girls helpless slaves to their own bodies. Thrashing and
twisting into oblivion.

It was hours later when Maggie walked in. She was Anita's friend from down
stairs. The only other person that knew about her self bondage activities.
Seeing the keys and the two of them there Maggie knew what happened. They had
not been able to reach the keys together and had been trapped. The dark haired
woman freed them from the restraints that connected the two and separated them.
The two helpless girls did not even notice her presents they were so worn out.
She left the ankle and wrist restraints in place.

That will serve them right for being careless, Maggie said. Then she left the
exhausted pair to rest closing the door and turning the lights off. Sleep tight,
she whispered.

End, ( for now )





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Orion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





