BDSM Library - Loyla Daughter




Loyla Daughter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: (Co-authored by Orestes) Teenager Amy can't figure out why her mother is bending over backwords to please Tina, a arrogent girl in her twenties who works in a position *under* her mother, until Amy disovers the bizarre little game they play together in private.
Loyal Daughter
By cowgirl & Orestes

This work is copyright (c) 2000 by cowgirl. You may  
download and keep copies for your personal use as long 
as the author's byline and e-mail address and this 
paragraph remain on the copies. Please do not post this 
story to any web site without permission from the 
author. All other rights reserved. No alteration of the 
contents is permitted.

***
For fans of F/f, NC, MC, blackmail, emotional
humiliation, mother/daughter co-dependency issues,
and other silly warped stuff, (but, please, no snuff,
pedo, violence, or heavy BDSM! If your underage, I'll
just block your address. No kids, period.), please
write to jennifer (AKA: cowgirl) at:
cowgirl_stupid@excite.com

Co-authored by Orestes
Check out this and other twisted tales at my ASSTR ftp 
site at:
ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/Orestes
Additional comments can be sent to: 
orestes007@hotmail.com
***




Loyal Daughter (Part 1 of 4)
By cowgirl & Orestes


I always suspected something....well...." weird" was 
going on between my mother and Tina. I just never 
expected anything like -  Okay, that's not exactly 
true... I mean,  I'd be lying if I didn't admit to 
seeing some of it coming, but later it just got so -

well...

I shouldn't skip ahead.

My names Amy and I'm fourteen. Ever since the divorce, 
I think Mom has felt her power over me slipping away, 
which is only natural, since I'm practically an adult 
and very mature for my age! My mother is the Vice
President of the Board of Education for the whole 
district and is a work-aholic, but at home, she's 
another story. She's always whining after me to me to 
do boring chores around the house, and trying to set 
dumb limits on my curfew and stuff, which is the real 
problem.

The problem is, she wont make me stick to it!

She's such a big shot at work that you'd think she'd be 
able to tell me what to do, but she just wont. I mean, 
she tries sometimes, blabs on and on endlessly, but 
when push comes to shove, I can always count on
Mom to cave, leaving me to pretty much do as I want.

Not that I'm lazy! I have plenty of other stuff to do 
what with school, friends, boys, video games and other 
junk like that!. I * would *  work,  It's just... 
what's the point? Since mother's obviously happier 
sputtering along behind me cleaning up and complaining, 
no matter * how * much she may squeak otherwise!

My Mom's in her late thirties and has no social life 
(this is why she must try to ruin mine! ) 
Mommy dresses....well, like a Mom! She never dates or 
even thinks of herself that way. I try to encourage 
her, because I'd do * anything * to loosen up her tight 
ass! She's maybe five pounds heavier around her bottom 
than she'd like to be, but she's got a pleasant face 
and I've seen guys gawking at her C- sized chest, which 
kinda pisses me off, since my boobs are...well...coming 
along...(sigh)....s-l-o-w-l-y!

So... Tina...

The first time I heard Mom talk about Tina is was 
because she was coming to work with Mom at the Board of 
Education office. She was seventeen, and had to 
complete her mandatory work experience to graduate. Her 
school couldn't get her a placement anywhere else 
because she had a reputation - (whatever that means)! 
Mom wouldn't say anymore, lecturing school files are 
supposed to be confidential,

but something about Mom's tone made me suspicious...

So the school dumped her at the Board of Education 
office. It kind of serves Mom right too, getting stuck 
with all the bad kids, because it was probably my dumb 
Mommy who made up the stupid policy for mandatory work 
experience in the first place!  So Mom had brought the 
whole thing on herself, in a way.

And Mom started to complained about Tina endlessly too! 
Tina this and Tina that! Mom worked herself into a fit 
bitching about her! Sometimes to tears, and this was 
only their first week together too!

Something had to break -

A few days later, Mom stopped complaining, and got very 
quiet, refusing to talk about Tina at all. She came 
home in tears, and then looking blank and exhausted.

Totally weird.

Then one morning Mom started talking nicely about Tina, 
like how she was a smart girl, and a good role model 
and all that -blah,blah,blah! She even started blabbing  
about how much of a good influence Tina would be on me, 
and how much she would like it if we became friends. 
There was no way that I wanted my Mom choosing my 
friends for me (ick!), but she was just so insistent 
about it that she finally wore me down and I agreed to 
have Tina over. I had no idea why my Mom seemed so 
relieved and happy about it.

All I could do is wait and see what a loser Mom was 
setting me up with.

Boy was I wrong. Tina was one of those people who could 
get away with almost anything. She's gorgeous. She has 
red frizzy hair and a bod to kill for! She wears all 
sorts of cool and sexy clothes that I could never pull 
off!  Tina became like an older sister and we hung out 
together a lot and she let me borrow clothes and stuff, 
even though Mom grimaced through her smiles, she said 
nothing to our faces.

Even though Tina1s only a teenager, she acts much more 
mature, and I have to admit that I've kind of in awe of 
her. She has the most amazing body, and I felt 
embarrassed when Tina  would catch me staring at her, 
and was more surprised when I'd catch Mom doing the 
same! I thought Mom wanted me and Tina to be friends,  
and was pissed at her for edging me out.

I was starting to fear that Mom was stealing my friend! 
Tina wasn't as friendly with Mom as she was with me, 
but their connection seemed stronger and deeper, plus I 
was sure they talked privately at work behind my  back, 
which made me feel jealous and left out! Tina seemed to 
notice this, and eased the tension by secretly assuring 
me she liked me lots better.

But the weird part is, I got the weirdest gut feeling 
that the more time Mom spent with Tina, and the more 
Mom rushed around to please her...

...the more Mother secretly resented her presence in 
out lives,

and even maybe.....

.....hated her.

But this made no sense. Why would mother go to all this 
trouble? Making Tina such a part of the family? It 
didn't make sense. Something was * up * all right!

By now, I was getting used to the weird vibe between 
Mom and Tina. Like the first few times Tina was over, 
Mom was so eager for us to get along, and for 
everything to be perfect. It was almost like Tina's 
approval was growing more important to Mother than I 
was. I guess she didn't get enough of Tina at
work.

" If you girls need anything, just let me know, " she 
said, as she brought us a couple of cokes. " I'll just 
be in the next room, honey."

For the rest of the night, she just fluttered about, 
making us snacks, and checking if everything was okay. 
It was a bit embarrassing, actually. It just got 
stranger from there.

The next time Tina was over, Mom cooked dinner for us. 
Not just one of those easy microwave dinners, either, 
but a full roast chicken dinner, with all sorts of side 
dishes. She was so anxious to make it perfect, that 
must have worked 8 hours on it! Then just as we all sat 
down to eat ?

Tina said it looked boring and asked if I wanted to 
grab some burgers instead ?

My eyes darted to Mom, and though here eyes were wet, 
she forced a phoney smile. I noticed she wasn't invited 
either. Tina got me laughing at Mom's expression in the 
car, and then we ate like burgers in the parking lot. 
When we returned, I saw Mom hadn't eaten and was still 
standing where we'd left her! This made me feel 
somewhat guilty, But Tina and her had a private talk, 
so I guess it was okay. Mom even insisted on doing all 
of the dishes too, which was cool for me, because 
normally that's something she' d have nagged me to do.

Over the next week, I could see what a pushover Mom was 
becoming. I was kind of used to it, but it felt funny 
too, because I didn't like to see what a doormat she 
was becoming. I mean, she * is * my Mom after all. She 
kept on inviting Tina over, and then sort of lingering 
around while she was there. For some reason, she seemed 
almost jealous when we were together just giggling, and 
hanging out or watching a movie on TV.

It gave me the creeps, Mom's jealousy act.

By the second week, I could see that Tina was really 
taking advantage of the situation. Like, my Mom would 
never have allowed anyone to smoke in the house, but 
when Tina lit up one day, Mom just raced around the 
house to find her an ashtray. I know she didn't like it 
at all, and it got stupid when because me and Mom kept 
coughing all evening, but Mom didn't say anything. I 
couldn't believe Tina didn't catch my pouts to Mom to 
say something, but Mom just kept rushing over to flick 
the ashes off Tina's cigarette when Tina would grunt.

What a wimp. And what a load of crap about Tina being a 
good influence. It got to the point where when Tina 
came over, we would order pizza on Mom's credit card, 
and stay up all night watching movies that I * know * 
Mom didn't approve of. Tina even convinced Mom to let 
us drink some beer while we hung out. Mom looked 
horrified and I was sure she would explode at both of 
us for a Moment, and part of me longed for that,

But Mom Just got this plastic smile on and finished 
painting Tina's toenails. I felt a bit guilty about it, 
but I was also enjoying my new freedom and punishing 
mother for her Insipid passivity!

By now we all definitely knew that something was odd 
going on, but nobody spoke of it!  Sometimes, when Mom 
might even seem like she was going to stand up for 
herself, Tina would give her a certain look, and Mom 
would shrink back down. It was a creepy feeling, to see 
Mom just giving us girls whatever we wanted, but a rush 
like I've never known, and was now only dying of 
curiosity to find out what leverage Tina held over 
mother.

Anyhow, one day I came home early because there was a 
false bomb threat at school, and I saw that Mom's car 
was in the driveway, which is unusual, because she 
doesn't come home from work until much later.
After the divorce, Mom hadn't allowed herself too many 
luxuries. But the one thing she did was buy herself a 
nice red sports car, and she loved it to death.

There was no way that she would ever have let  * anyone 
*  else drive it. But now she was letting Tina borrow 
it sometimes, which really sucked, because I knew that 
Mom wouldn't ever have lent it to me. So now, I didn't 
know if Mom was really home, or if Tina had just 
borrowed the car and was over for a visit.

When I came in, I looked around for Mom or Tina. 
Actually, they were both home, but I thought it was 
really strange that their voices were coming from MY 
ROOM of all places.

"But Tina, she's supposed to empty and fill the 
dishwasher after school, make her bed in the morning, 
and help me clean her room on Saturday mornings before 
going out with friends. Is that too much to ask?" my 
mother whined.

"How do you expect Amy to do her chores when you have 
to be nagged and scolded to do the chores that I set 
out for you, Debbie?" Tina said firmly.

I was surprised as I'd never heard anyone call my 
mother 'Debbie'. Only Deborah, or Ms. Steven's

I leaned in for more clues. I peeked around the corner 
and my jaw dropped. I saw my mother on her knees 
surrounded by my junk on the floor. I felt guilty and 
knew she was right. My room looked like crap. But that 
wasn't what made my jaw drop. Mom was only dressed in 
her underwear, bra, and high heels. Tina stood before 
her fully dressed, her arms folded across her chest.

What kind of twisted game were they playing ?

"We've been over this before little missy. The only 
reason you're one step ahead of your daughter, is that 
I'm always here cracking your whip, right?"  Tina said. 
There was silence and only my mother's breath, which 
was now loud enough for me to hear from the side 
hallway. I stared in awe at this bizarre site, which 
made me feel like I had butterflies tickling the bottom 
of my tummy.

" Okay but..." Mom argued, " leaving aside her bedroom 
for a moment, Amy already agreed to not leave her 
things all over the house like her clothes, half empty 
Coke cans, books, papers. I don't see why she can't 
carry these things to the laundry, the kitchen, or 
wherever they belong. "

"That's an excellent idea Debbie. But while your mouth 
is complaining about all this, let's see that cute 
little butt of yours scamper around and put away all 
this stuff in it's proper place, is that clear?" My 
mother started picking up my smelly clothes and junk 
food and CD's off the floor at Tina's command and 
breathing harder and harder.

" Oh yes, and do keep bitching about your daughter, 
that seems to get you friskier, doesn't it? Besides, it 
amuses me." Tina was mocking my mother. Tina kept 
swatting Mom's ass with a rolled up magazine as my 
mother desperately tried to clean my room.

The swats to mother's behind seemed to make her jerk a 
little, but otherwise she just kept working away. I 
felt sad and angry that she'd agree to this, and knew 
it was all my fault for keeping my junk around. But I 
was also feeling warm and strange in a way that boys 
usually only made me feel.

" She's supposed to sort her own laundry for the wash 
and fold and put away her clothes when they're dry. " 
My mother's voice was weepy and pathetic.

"Occasionally I also ask for her help on a project 
above and beyond her assigned duties, but that seems to 
be completely unbearable to her. "

Mom was on her knees, picking up clothing from the 
floor. Tina looked so amused by Mom's complaints. From 
behind, Tina raised her foot to in between Mom's legs, 
and into her crotch. She laughed as my mother got 
distracted, and dropped an armful of laundry. First, 
Mom began to move her hips slowly, and then bizarrely 
the began riding Tina's foot like a damned horsey! I 
was besides myself watching this horrid and disgusting 
display, yet unable to turn away. I couldn't decide if 
Mom was suffering or in ecstasy.

" C'mon little Debbie, what ELSE does your ungrateful 
daughter do?"

" Well..... she certainly expects me bail her out. 
She's always bossing me do to this or that for her. Is 
a fourteen year old daughter's respect for her mother 
too much to ask?"

" Yes it is, but go on anyway..." Tina smirked and my 
jaw hit the floor as my mother started humped her 
Tina's leg. I blinked several times, not believing it!

" Amy also acts terribly persecuted when I give 
consequences for her not doing things And then expects 
me to fork over money for stuff she wants, or do her 
favors like driving her to her girlfriends' houses or 
dropping her at the mall or... "

" Poor, poor Debbie, " Tina finally cut her off.

" I guess you'd better just get down and kiss your 
daughters stuck up little ass, as if you aren't 
already!" Tina was now rubbing herself between her legs 
while saying this. They were both getting excited from 
this nasty game.

Mom crawled around behind Tina, while Tina pulled up 
her skirt and bent forwards. My Mom was actually going 
to do it ! She was going to kiss Tina's ass while the 
teenager just kept on mocking her.

" Poor Witto Debbie... always complaining about her 
stuck-up daughter, but this is where she always ends up 
in the end, kissing her ass, huh ?

" I think Debbie Webbie * likes * it that way, doesn't 
she ? " Tina smirked.

I could see that Mom was kissing and licking Tina's ass 
through her panties. How degrading ! Then Tina reached 
back, and pulled down her panties so that Mom could 
really lick her private parts for reak. All the while 
she just kept on talking. " This is who you really are, 
isn't it ? You were born to be brown nosing younger 
girls. "

My ears were burning, and the butterflies in my stomach 
were out of control. I felt queasy and didn't wanna 
hear anymore. Mom was now licking and sucking at Tina's 
ass like she was really into it. Every word from Tina 
made her breathe even harder.

" This is where you belong Debbie, although your too 
gutless to admit it. Whenever Amy walks all over you, 
you secretly wanted this... to be on your knees, 
licking and sucking your daughter's prissy little ass. 
That's what you wanted,  ISNT IT ?"

Tina pulled her butt away from Mom's face to get an 
answer. I wanted to throw up I was so rattled, Mom was 
shaking real bad, but for a different reason.

Mom was about to speak, but I bolted out of the house 
before I could hear her answer.

***

Look for part 2 of this story coming within a week





Loyal Daughter part 2 (of 4)
By cowgirl & Orestes


My mind raced all day at school with the weird scene 
I'd seen last night. I could hardly wait as school got 
out and riding the bus home, I kept flashing back to 
mom, my mom, and Tina! It scared me too. I couldn't 
fathom why mom would even agree to get * down * on her 
knees and seemed to enjoy complaining about me! There 
was no denying it, mother and Tina were into an area of 
weirdness I couldn't  - and didn't want to- understand!

As I came home I looked at mom sitting there reading 
magazine on the couch -  looking as normal as ever. She 
was wearing a off the shoulder blouse and cut off while 
she twirled a strand of her hair absent mindedly. It 
was like none of  it even happened!  Mom grunted "how 
was school" and I grunted an obligatory response, 
storming up to my room closing the door, and landing on 
my bed to figure out with the butterflies had returned 
when looking at mom again.

 I looked at myself in the wall mirror. Was there 
something wrong with me too?

I laid on my back and unsnapped my pants, staring at 
the ceiling. What's the deal with Tina? I wondered. Why 
did * she * get to act that way in front of mom? I 
could never get away with talking to mother like that, 
plus  I had to do all sorts of stupid crudely chores 
and stuff! Just cause she's older? Did mom like her 
better?

I let my fingers drift down and disappear into my 
underwear. It was no big deal, I just did it sometimes. 
I frowned, then remembered something I overheard Tina 
say.

"Kissing your own daughters butt."

 I mouthed the words silently, fearful to say them 
aloud.

 I heard a the door open a sliver and jerked upright in 
fear! But it wasn't mom, only my kitty cat, Moose 
(stupid name , I know). I sighed in relief! I cursed 
that mother wouldn't allow a lock on my door! My mood 
broken,  I crept downstairs, but only found mom sitting 
in the same spot, reading.  I quietly watched her from 
the hall, then became embarrassed that I'd forgotten to 
re snap my pants when I left my bedroom! As I quietly 
snapped them, I was deep in thought, watching mother.

Maybe if I approached mom like Tina does? But if I 
pissed her off I could be grounded for months!  She 
would too! Moms not good at day to day discipline, but 
if she's steamed, shell really lay into my butt!!!

Even talking stuff like Tina does was playing with 
dynamite! I couldn't risk that.

I screwed up my courage and threw out Tina's name to 
see how it floated. Besides I needed to feel out Tina 
on all this.

"Mom, I thought I'd go see Tina tonight, okay? Can you 
give me a ride?" I asked. Mother stopped reading for a 
second and I felt her pause, but she didn't look up.

"Uh....Tina? why in the world do you wanna see her?" 
Mom asked, returning to her magazine.

"Moooommmm - I * thought * you wanted us to be 
friends?"  I sighed impatiently.

"Okay - but Tina's nearly a grown up honey! I'm sure 
she has better things to do - "

"Mother - I already called her! She said its fine." I 
lied. I figured Tina would cover for me when mom 
dropped me off - * if *  she dropped me off!

Mother's voice sounded...funny. There was tension in 
the air and I got instant butterflies inside as Mom 
dropped her magazine and looked up, squeaking. "She 
said that?"

"uh huh." I smirked, savoring the moment.

There was another pause.

"Well....not 'till you clean up your * room * young 
lady!" I sighed in disappointment as her old mom voice 
returned, as she continued.

"And I also need you to go through your old clothes 
too! We need to see what tops you've grown out of. Come 
with me and well try stuff on so I know what to throw 
out - " Mom reached out for my hand but I jerked it 
away.

"Mom, geeezzzz - do we really need to do that * right * 
now?  Gimme a break!!!"

She folded her hand on her hips, all serious like. 
"Well, somebody's not taking one step out of this house 
until I can see at least some proof that there * is * a 
carpet  through the piles of clothes and half eaten - 
god knows what - that litter your room!"

If she hadn't have been so pissed, I'd have even 
thought she looked pretty, standing there in her blouse 
and cut offs, hair teasing across her face and 
shoulders, giving me shit like that! I loved my mom, 
but she really was compulsive sometimes!

"Mother - your, like, * totally * exaggerating now! " I 
growled..

"You wanna be, like, * totally * grounded for 3 weeks?" 
she shot back.

"...because I wont try on stupid old blouses I already 
know I've grown out of OR for not picking up a few 
things in my room? * That's * what you'd ground me 
over???" I said not believing my ears. I stepped closer 
to her and tried to say confidently...

 "Your bluffing."

"Try me."

We glared at each other in silence. I couldn't figure 
out why mom was making me stand * here *, over this 
stupid point! I was beginning to think I was  * way * 
in over my head, and had a nightmarish image of myself 
grounded every Saturday night, doing the dished 'till I 
was thirty fucking six!

It was time to bail, and save my own hide! But to my 
utter horror, these words cam drifting out of my mouth, 
beyond my control!

"Mom, it was Tina's  * suggestion * I come over!  Am I 
gonna have to CALL her ?"

A thousand emotions flickering across Mother's face.

I knew I was probably dead. I'd crossed that line, and 
we both knew it.

Mom stepped within a few inches of my face looking down 
at me. Somehow, mother looked angry and frightened all 
at once!!!  I looked up at my mother and swallowed 
dryly. I remembered how she used to ride me on her back 
as a little girl. We played like she was my doggie. It 
was fun. Those days seem a million
miles away tonight.

Mom put her arm on my shoulder,  but instead of killing 
me on the spot, she guided me firmly toward down the 
hall to my room.

"March." She ordered.

And I did.

No matter how I rebelled, with a single word suddenly 
she was * Mommy * all over again. I swallowed my anger 
and was both humiliated and relieved to lose this 
round! As we entered my room, I sighed.  It * was *  a 
mess!  I wanted to cry as more anger  and shame boiled 
inside me. Also butterflies. Always those damned
butterflies!

Mom led me over to pile of blouses in the corner. She 
picked up a half - eaten piece of pizza, and held it to 
my face, saying nothing!

It was gross!  I looked away, embarrassed.

" Okay....forget Tina. Could I just go to a movie with 
Sandra from down the street? Or could your just drop me 
at the mall? " I pathetically whispered

Mom's face softened for a moment.

Mother shook her head in exasperation. "Jesus honey- 
What's so god damned awful about picking up after 
yourself once in a blue moon?".

"I dunno..."  I shrugged.

She sighed.

Mother picked up a blouse. A stupid orange one with 
silly little frills that made me look like I was about 
nine years old!  We both knew I was too small to fit 
into anymore. It was part of the punishment.

"C'mon. I need to go through this stuff so I know what 
to send to the thrift. Amanda - Try it on."

"Uh huh." I stammered as my humiliation and anger 
smoldered.

"You've already got  3 weeks of grounding. You want to 
try for 4 ?" she frowned.

"It's too small..." I said folding my arms defiantly.

This whole thing was a crock! 3 weeks was totally 
outrageous and unfair! Mom was using her position to 
bully me! Mom sure as heck didn't speak to Tina and she 
was - what - only four years older??? The more I 
remembered how mother was on her knees to Tina less 
that 24 hours  ago, the more pissed off I got!

"Well...?" mom handed me the orange blouses.  I let it 
drop to the floor.

"...no." I said.

" * Excuse me ? * "  she asked eyes wide.

"You heard me." I said chin trust in the air.

"Amanda Bensen - I'm giving you FIVE seconds to get on 
your hands and knees and fetch that fucking blouse and 
squeeze in over that skinny little body of yours!!!" 
her voice was shaking with anger!

"...one."

Wow. The F word. This was serious - Mom never used that 
sucker!

"...two."

I was insanely excited and scared beyond my wildest 
dreams. Did Tina challenge mother this way? Is that how 
their weird relationship started?

"...three."

Or was I a dumb little girl just fooling myself with 
dreams of challenging mommy , and I was in the deepest 
crap-o-la of my fourteen year old life!!!

"...four."

Well, I'd soon find out! I picked up a can of cherry 
red soda next to the dresser that had a few drops left. 
I got ready to pour it on the blouse and white carpet 
beneath!

Mother's eyes went wide, and I felt a rush of power! 
Was I like Tina now mommy ? I smugly wondered to 
myself!

"If you even stain * one inch * of this carpet - try 
grounded for 2 months." Mom said in a suddenly quiet 
voice that scared me more than her angry one.

I slowly tilted the soda can closer to pouring, eyeing 
her carefully.

"Don't you  * dare *  little miss!" Mom whispered 
menacingly.

I paused. She really meant it -

Okay...but I couldn't lose face. Not completely. I 
turned the can upright saving her precious carpet.

"Okay, you win......* Debbie *." I winked.

"Whaaaaa ?" her eyes narrowed and I dug myself in 
deeper.

"Oh - I guess you only like to hear that name...when 
your on your knees." I said, instantly blushing like 
mad.

Mom just looked at me, dumbfounded. She couldn't 
believe what I had said, and neither could I, to tell 
the truth. It just sort of...slipped out!  The excited 
feeling in the pit of my stomach was spreading all over 
my body now.

" That's right... I saw you two yesterday... "

" But Amy, " Mom said, unable to meet my gaze, her 
breath growing deeper.

" Shhhhhh...." I said putting my fingers to my mouth, 
trying to sound calm. I then pointed to the floor. The 
room grew quiet as mom's nostrils flared and she her 
eyes avoided mine. She was trembling and breathing 
quite loudly.

" ...where does little Debbie belong?"  I whispered in 
a raspy voice.

What was I saying ?  I waited for mom to just tell me 
off and really blister my ass for even speaking to her 
like this!!!.

But she didn't. Instead Mom just slowly began to sink 
down to her knees before me. "

I just stared in awe.

I couldn't believe she actually doing it!

Here was my own Mom,  embarrassing  * both of us * like 
this by .... by....

....it was freaking me out!

My head started spinning and I suddenly wanted to throw 
up as the reality started to hit me! I felt anger 
bubbling up inside as I stood there full of fear and 
self loathing looking at her down there like that, and 
to my utter surprise...

...I SLAPPED HER across the face causing her eyes to 
flutter open in humiliation and shame!

I bolted into the bathroom and slammed the door, 
turning off the lights!  I striped off my jeans and 
undies and threw them angrily in the hamper. I could 
feel that In the confusion I had pee peed my  panties! 
Soon I heard Mom slump against the door pleading and 
begging for me to open it, but I covered my ears and 
sank to the floor in the darkness.  Exhuasted, I soon 
fell asleep.

I awoke up again in the middle of the night. I could 
hear mom snoring outside the door.  I felt waves of 
embarrassment, excitement and humiliation wash over me! 
I could feel the tingly butterflies down in my crotch. 
I curled up on the cold tile floor in the bathroom,  
naked from the waste down, wearing only my stupid 
little shirt.

In the darkness...I let my fingers drift down.

***
Look for part 3 of this story coming within a week




Loyal Daughter  (Part 3 of 4)
By Orestes & cowgirl


   For the next two weeks, Mom and I tried to pretend 
that nothing had happened. But it was too hard for me. 
I mean, once I had seen Mom doing * that * to Tina's 
butt, all the while pretending that Tina was me??? Well 
that's pretty hard to get that out of your head. I now 
knew exactly what was going on, and Mom *knew* that I 
knew, because of the way I blurted it out when we had 
that fight the next day.

   That was stupid.

   God, I wished that I could take it back.

   Now, whenever I watched her, and she didn't know 
that I was looking, I thought about the bitterness in 
her face when I ordered her onto her knees, and her 
look of dread when she realized I now *knew* about her 
and Tina.

   And then...

   She actually began to do it! Get on her knees  - 
Like I was supposed to be like Tina  or something 
retarded like that? Geezzz - What is she, nuts??? I'm 
not some weirdo like Mom or Tina! I wasn't really even 
asking her too do anything, either. I was just, sort 
of.....well, testing her. That's all really. Mom 
totally freaked both of us out by what she *almost* 
did...

I just couldn't deal with it.

   So we pretended that nothing happened. I was the 
daughter again, and she played the Mom. And she even 
got strict with me, and made me do all sorts of stupid 
chores that I didn't even have to do before,
but I didn't argue because I didn't want to have 
another fight. I might let something slip...
again...

   But no matter how hard we tried, it was impossible 
because of the way Tina was always around, stirring 
things up. She walked all over Mom, as always, and was 
totally in charge around the house when she was there. 
When she was around, I found I never had to do any 
chores or anything. Mom just cleaned up after us with 
her forced pained little martyr smile.

   I didn't want to, but I found passively accepting 
Tina's curt attitude toward Mom, and soon found myself 
slipping into seeing Mother more and more like Tina 
did.

   And the way she would order Mom into the bedroom 
each evening, and I could Imagine exactly what they 
would be doing, it was so embarrassing. I'd glare at 
her, but Mom just sort of looked at me sheepishly, and 
her face went all red as she'd close the door.

   I felt really bad about letting Tina take over like 
that, but it was still fun hanging around with her in a 
strange way. I really felt guilty about that. Whatever 
weird physical stuff was going on between them, I 
really felt I should stand up for Mom when Tina was 
picking on her. But I didn't. There were thousands of 
times I should have, or could have. The funny part is, 
the more passively I'd accept Mom's crap, the more 
funny I'd feel down in my secret spot. All butterfly 
moist and stuff, as embarrassing as that is to admit!

   I know, its totally retarded.

   Then when Tina wasn't around, I felt so guilty for 
not siding with mom, I would go back to being a good 
daughter and things went more or less back to normal.

   Anyhow, Tina told us to keep our Saturday free, 
because she wanted to go shopping. I already had plans, 
but Mom forced me to cancel them, which pissed me off 
royally. I mean, just because she's screwing around 
with Tina, it doesn't mean that she should mess up my 
life. If she couldn't stand up to Tina, why should I do 
what she said ?

   But Saturday came, and we all piled into Mom's car.

   " How are you doing back there, Debbie ?" Tina said 
from the driver's seat. She made Mom sit in the back, 
which wasn't easy because you know how cramped those 
little sports cars can be. This was embarrassing! She 
was the adult. Why wasn't I riding in the back ? Mom 
should be driving. It was her damned car anyway.

   Finally, when we were at the mall, Tina smirked 
while watching Mom struggle to get out of the car 
because Tina hadn't pulled her seat all of the way 
forward. People were staring at us, and I inwardly 
squirmed from the scene Mom was caused. Even Mom was 
laughing, but mostly just to save face. It was so 
pathetic. God, I hated Mom for making us look stupid 
like that.

    Once Mom was out, Tina smiled a wicked little 
smile. " Take off your coat Debbie, leave it in the 
car. "

   I didn't notice before what Mom was wearing, because 
she wore a big coat today. Now I saw that she was 
wearing a tight little black dress that was much too 
short for her. Then I figured out that it wasn't HERS - 
it was MINE. I don't even know how she managed to fit 
into it, it was so tight. She also wore high heels, and 
from what I could tell, I didn't think she was wearing 
any underwear either.

   Talk about a public nightmare. This was nothing a 
woman her age should ever wear, especially in the mall. 
This wasn't a club after all. We walked towards the 
doors to the mall, and all I could think was that I'd 
just shrivel up and cry if any of my friends were to 
see me with her!

   Once we were inside, it was even worse. All sorts of 
guys were leering at her, and I could see their eyes 
making rude comments. She looked like a cheap whore, 
stuffed into my skimpy little skirt like she was. When 
Tina caught me lagging behind  so it didn't look like I 
was with them, she made me catch up, and made me walk 
beside Mom. She even forced me to * hold Mom's hand *.

   " It's nice to see a mother and daughter to close, 
isn't it Debbie? I never realized how similar you two 
are, especially dolled up in your daughters clothes! " 

   Tina winked at me, and I stared daggers at Tina for 
such cruelty. She * knew * I was NOTHING like Mom too. 
I wanted to just curl up and DIE right there! Mother's 
hand was repulsively sweaty and I just knew the whole 
world was looking at us! The weird part was, I was 
getting that strange butterfly feeling again, like when 
I first watched Tina and my Mom in my room that night.
.

   Mom caught how much this was embarrassing me, and 
looked toward Tina.

   " Do I really have to be dressed like this ?" she 
asked weakly. Tina paused for a second, considering 
carefully.

   " I don't know, Debbie. Maybe your right. I guess we 
should get you some new clothes then. Gee, I hope you 
brought your credit card. "

   With the ridiculous way she was dressed, the very 
last thing either of us wanted was to shop for clothes, 
but Tina wouldn't let up. It was so weird. I wanted to 
stand up to Tina, but Mom would probably get mad if I 
did. And I couldn't risk standing up to Mom again, I 
was afraid that it would totally ruin our relationship. 
Then there was this racing feeling in the pit of my 
stomach like this all was exciting as hell to be out of 
control somehow. It was so confusing.

   Tina led us into a Gap style store, but with cheaper 
stuff. Everything here was made for young girls. 
Luckily, there weren't too many customers in the store.

   As always, Tina was outgoing. She took the first 
chance to get the attention of a store clerk. The 
girl's name tag said "Becky". She wasn't much older 
than I was. She was kind of a cute girl, which is 
probably why she was hired in a trendy clothing store, 
but she seemed really shy. Maybe she was new to the 
job.

   " Come over here Becky, " Tina told her. What was it 
about Tina that made everyone fall in line so easily? 
She just had an air about her when she was talking that 
it seemed stupid to disagree.

   " We're going to be trying on some clothes for 
Debbie here, " she told the girl, and then in a quieter 
tone, "as you can tell, she likes to show off a bit, so 
we'll be looking for some revealing clothes. They might 
not fit quite right on a woman of her... well... type, 
but you just do the best you can, okay ?"

   Even Becky was stunned by the way Tina was talking 
about Mom, and right in front of her too, but Mother 
just shot her a embarrassed half hearted smile, while I 
suddenly found the tile floor fascinating as hell. The 
salesgirl stunned just nodded her head, and began to 
rummage around the store for some clothes that might 
fit Mom. I avoided Mom's humiliated gaze, but Tina was 
all smiles while we waited in an awkward silence.

   Finally, Becky returned with an armful of clothes, 
walking past Mother and me and showing them for Tina's 
approval, knowing full well where her possible sale was 
coming from.

   " We're going to need a large change room, Becky. 
You see, Debbie has a hard time making up her own mind, 
and even dressing herself. She always seems better off 
just doing what Amy and I tell her to. Isn't that right 
Amy? She does anything that we want, doesn't she ?"

   The girl looked in my direction. Mom lowered her 
eyes to the floor. I felt so naked and shocked to hear 
Tina say these things right in front of this girl.

   " Uh, yeah... I guess. " I didn't know what to say. 
I just wanted to get this whole thing over with.

   Mom didn't look at me, but I could see her body 
stiffen at my latest betrayal of her. It was one thing 
when Tina and I made her do things around the house, 
but doing it in public felt so much worse.

   " Well, we do have a large changing room for, uh,... 
handicapped customers. I guess you could all fit in 
there. "

   Tina laughed out loud. " Great. When you come to 
think of it, it is sort of a handicap to be as weak 
minded as poor Li'l Debbie here. Let's go. "

   I could tell that Becky didn't want to be with us, 
but she had such a pile of clothes that it would 
probably be against the rules for her to just let us 
take them all into the change room together. She waited 
outside the door, and passed the items in one by one.

   Now that Tina and I were in the change room with 
Mom, I was feeling really weird again. Tina ordered Mom 
to take off the dress, and she began to lift the tight 
garment over her head. This was too similar to what I 
had seen in my bedroom, but for some stupid reason, it 
was turning me on even more.

   I had tried not to think about it over the last two 
weeks, but now, with Mom stripping off her clothes for 
us, I couldn't help myself. I remembered the way she 
had kissed and nuzzled her way into Tina's ass that 
time. I thought about how Tina had taunted her about 
'kissing her stuck up daughter's ass'.

   Mom really * didn't * wear any underwear today, and 
I noticed that the hair on her crotch was shaved off. 
Tina watched me for reaction, but I tried not to show 
how much this was affecting me.

   " Try this one on," Tina gave Mom a orange and white 
little tube top. The stretchy material barely fit over 
Mom's tits, and made her look totally stupid.

   " Becky, Amy said this skirt you gave us isn't short 
enough. We need another, " Tina demanded, smiling to 
me. I glared at Tina, having said nothing of the sort. 
Mom gave me another heavy disapproving silence full of 
her disappointment at this weird game I wouldn't stop.

   I could hear the girl walking around the store, and 
finally come back to the change room. She tapped 
lightly on the door. Mom's eyes were on the floor. She 
was still only wearing the top, and was naked from the 
waist down. Tina opened the door wide so that Becky 
could see in.

   The young sales girl stood there with her mouth 
agape. I guess seeing Mom like that, almost naked, with 
her crotch all shaved was a real surprise for her. In a 
few seconds she looked away, but I could see how 
embarrassed she was. She handed in the skirt.

   " Don't worry about her, Becky, " Tina gestured 
towards Mom. " I told you she likes to show off her 
body. I can't imagine why she wants everyone to see her 
fat ass. But I guess you can't teach an *old dog* new 
tricks. "

The sales girl's face turned crimson as my silly 
looking middle-aged Mother took the skirt,  as Becky's 
eyes shone with a mixture of pity and growing contempt. 
By now Mom looked so close to tears I was disgusted, 
and I felt a rush of strength to save her. My anger was 
burning over the way Tina had just spoken about my own 
mother to this stranger, and this was quite enough.

I struggled several seconds with the impulsive urge to 
*speak up* to Tina for that one, I really did. But then 
my shoulders slumped and as I thought of a 
confrontation.

   And when the door was closed and Becky scampered off 
again, I saw myself just stand there in total silence, 
as my humiliated Mother just tried on the tiny little 
skirt. It didn't hide a thing, and was pretty 
unflattering.

   " Beautiful, don't you think, Amy ?"

   " Uh....I don't know. " I couldn't even force a 
smile.

   Tina smiled at me, and shook her head. " You really 
should get into the spirit of things, Amy. You know she 
likes this. Otherwise, why would she be doing it ? "

   I looked up at Mom, my eyes begging that she would 
protest. She said nothing.

   " Look honey, you've seen the way she serves us 
around the house, " Tina continued. " And you know why 
she does it. Sure, little miss Debbie complains bout 
her stuck-up daughter, but in the end, you know it 
turns her on to let you walk all over her. Don't play 
all innocent on me. You saw what we did in your own 
bedroom... Debbie told me that you saw it. "

   I felt sold out by my own Mom, and shot her my 
"mother how could you?" expression. She looked away 
quickly, her cheeks on fire. How could Mom betray her 
own daughter, yet blab to Tina about our private stuff 
?

   This was getting * way * out of control.

   " Secretly, I bet that you really want her to do 
whatever you ask. I heard when you had your little 
fight, you told little Debbie to get on her knees. 
Yes... she told me all about that too. What were you 
going to make her do, Amy? You know she would have done 
it. Here, I'll show you how. "

   Tina began to unbutton her jeans. I couldn't believe 
that she would do this right in the change room, with 
the sales girl just outside the door. The girl might 
even have heard her talking. I could feel my panties 
getting damp in the crotch, and I was breathing so 
hard. Mom was too.

   " Come on, Debbie. Show your little girl how you 
like to kiss ass. "

   Right while I watched, Mom dropped to her knees in 
that ridiculous outfit, and put her face into Tina's 
ass. I could hear her kissing and slurping at Tina's 
butt.

   " Becky, we need a different top in here. Something 
that will show off her tits, " Tina called out to the 
sales girl.

   I could her the girl walking around the store again. 
There was no way that Tina was going to let Becky see 
Mom doing this, was she ? Soon, there was the familiar 
tap on the door.

   " Open the door, Amy. I'm a bit busy over here. "

   This was too much. How could I possibly let Becky 
see my mother like this ? Tina was staring at me, her 
smile gone. For some reason, I didn't want to make her 
mad. I opened the door.

   Again, the young girl's eyes showed her surprise. 
The girl had no idea what to do about this. With 
trembling hands, she gave me a couple pieces of 
clothing. I closed the door again.

   " Don't pretend that this doesn't turn you on, Amy. 
I can see how horny you are just by looking. "

   Was it that obvious ?

   " Come on, Amy, why don't you try something ? You 
know she'll do anything I say. "

   " No, I don't really want..."

   " I can wait all day, " said Tina. " I know there's 
something you want. We're not leaving here until I make 
her do it for you. "

   My face glowed red. I could see my Mom looking at me 
from the corner of her eyes while she continued to 
obediently lick Tina's ass. She couldn't really want 
this, I told myself. She couldn't want me to betray her 
this way. My body begged for attention.

   " Well, I... " the words began to come from my 
mouth.

   " Yes ?"

   " Tina... uh... make her... oh, I can't say it..."

   " It's okay sweetie, just whisper it to me, and I'll 
make her do it."

   Mom froze in place.

   " I want her to, " I breathed into Tina's ear, " 
to... uh... lick my pussy a little bit. "

   As soon as the words came out, I knew I regretted 
them. Tina began to chuckle.

   " Well, Debbie, " she announced. " It seems that 
your little girl has an itch, and wants you to scratch 
it with your tongue. Do you have an itchy pussy Amy ?"

   I couldn't look at Mom. I could sense her body was 
shaking, whether with shame or with lust, I couldn't 
tell. I was so aroused by Tina's disrespectful words 
that I quickly looked down at Mom as our eyes locked, 
and was instantly sorry I did. There was * such * hurt 
and betrayal in Mom's face that I wanted to throw up 
from the pure guilt,  even if it was tempered by her 
heated cheeks and flaring nostrils.

   " No... I'm sorry... Mom I love you..." I mumbled 
unconvincingly.

   " But you want her tongue on your pussy, don't you 
?" taunted Tina. I needed it so badly, and Tina knew 
it. " Come on, Amy. Don't deny it. You just whispered 
it into my ear, didn't you ?"

   I couldn't deny it. Mom could see that Tina was 
telling the truth. My hands were shaking as I began to 
unsnap my jeans.

   " Tina, for god's sake, don't make me do this. It 
isn't right, " Mom said. Tears were forming in her 
eyes. Tina said nothing to her. I began to pull my 
jeans and panties down my thighs, swallowing In 
anticipation.

   " Amy ? Tell me what you want her to do. "

   I could feel the power I held over Mom now. It was 
safe since it was only through Tina, but I could feel 
it in the air.

   " Uh, okay, " (shrug) "you know."

   " You're going to have to do better than that, 
princess. " Tina was enjoying how ugly things were 
getting. I could tell. She loved to see me hurt my own 
Mom this way.

   " Amy..." Mom pleaded with me. She was just so sad 
that I just couldn't look at her.

   " Tell her to lick my pussy, " I said to Tina. I 
tried to ignore the hurt and angry look on Mom's face. 
I wanted to explain to Mom, but when I'd unsnapped my 
jeans, I'd given her a clear signal about how my 
loyalty as a daughter. I did love my Mom, but at that 
moment, I guess I wanted to humiliate her even more.

   " You heard her, Debbie. Lick your stuck-up 
daughter's wet pussy. "

   I wanted to pull away, I really did. But as soon as 
her tongue touched me, I just couldn't. I blocked out 
the ways I was hurting her. The warmth between my legs 
just felt so damned good, it melted the guilt. I leaned 
back against the wall of the change room, my mother on 
her knees in front of me, and spread my legs a little 
wider.

   " How does that feel, Amy ? " asked Tina. I couldn't 
answer. Every sensation told me how good it was to have 
my mother crumble to me this way. Tina continued, " It 
must feel pretty good to finally have your mother where 
she belongs. I can tell that Debbie likes it too. I 
don't think I've ever seen her this horny. "

   Tina raised her foot to under Mom's skirt, and began 
to rub it back and forth. Again, Mom began to ride her 
foot like a horsy. Tina was right. Mom was really 
excited. Both of us knew that this was wrong, but I 
couldn't stop myself.

   " You like to pretend that I'm forcing you to do 
this, don't you Amy ? " Tina paused, reading my 
reaction to her comment.

Tina hadn't said anything about *me* being forced by 
*her* before, and it surprised me. Being under Tina's 
thumb was a unexpected wrinkle that I resented. The 
role was * way * to close to being a toady like Mom! I 
was offend and a little hurt Tina would turn the tables 
and would even * think * of me in the same way she did 
Mother, which she clearly KNOWS I'm NOTHING like!!!! My 
nostrals flared angrily as Tina continued.

" Soon you'll be making your Momma do this all of the 
time, even without me to make her obey. Isn't that 
right, Amy ? You and one end, your Mom resigned to the 
other ? You know I'm telling the truth.

   Well, at least she sees I'm nothing like my stupid 
Mom, I quickly smiled. The feeling in my pussy was 
growing. I slid my hands on the back of Mom's head just 
out of reflex, but soon I found myself strongly pumping 
my pussy forward so she could lick me even deeper.

   Tina grinned, calling loudly. " Hey Becky, are you 
still out there ?"

   " Yes, " the girl replied from the other side of the 
door, sounding like a nervous little  mouse.

   " Could you bring me a tissue ? Amy's mom has made 
a....mess on my shoe. "

   I could hear a gasp, then the girl walking away. I 
had to stop this now, before the sales clerk returned. 
I just couldn't let her see me and my own mother this 
way. I started to pull Mom's face away from my pussy, 
but Tina shot me a look, and I stopped. Tina came 
uncomfortably close to me, cooing in my ear.

"Amy?, perhaps you even like me making *you* to do 
stuff, almost as much as your mother does, huh? What's 
the saying: Like mother, like daughter? No daughter can 
escape her mothers shadow. I always suspected your 
secretly * every bit * the passive little doormat your 
own Mommy is, and probably going to wind up only * 
slightly * above her in our family pecking order. Isn't 
that right Amy? "

I was so shocked and pissed that Tina had spoken such a 
terrible LIE, (accusing me of being ANYTHING like Mom), 
and confused why my anger only seemed to fuel my desire 
to ride Moms face. I drove my anger into my lust, as 
Tina's smug smile mocked me. Mom was really getting off 
on Tina's foot now, and I could feel my own body 
beginning to tremble and build.

   There was a tap on the door, but I couldn't stop. 
Tina reached over, locking eyes with me, and unlatched 
the door.

   Then my eyes were drawn to Becky, standing in the 
doorway, staring at me. She could see everything. She 
knew that this was my Mom, and could see exactly what 
we were doing. I couldn't control myself any longer. My 
whole body shook as I pressed Mom's face into my pussy 
and began to cry.

   " Oh, I'm so sorry Mom... oh please, lick me... 
please forgive me.....but just keep licking...'kay? I'm 
not like you Mommy, I'm not. But don't stop 
licking....nnng...aaah !"

   All the while, Becky stood there, stunned, holding a 
tissue in one of her hands.

   " Thanks, " said Tina, finally taking the tissue 
from Becky's hand. She closed the door again. " See, 
that wasn't so hard, was it ?"

   When my body stopped shaking, I started crying for 
real. I couldn't wait to get out of there, so I raced 
from the store in and left Tina and Mom in the 
handicapped change room afraid to look back. Eventually 
I caught a bus home, and locked myself in my room.

   Thankfully they didn't come home until much later in 
the evening. My mind danced with  what other 
humiliations Tina put Mom through on that shopping trip 
after I left. But, the truth is, I didn't really wanted 
to know. Tina's prophetic words were still ringing in 
my head.

As I lay in bed whimpering in my darkened bedroom, 
resisting the urge to play with myself, steaming over 
Tina's cruel implication that there was even a fibre of 
mother's passivity in me. I hated what my Mom had 
turned out around Tina, and swore I'd never be like 
her! Never!!! I resolved to  DIE before I'd wind up 
like my own mother! 
***

Look for part 4 of this story coming within a week




Loyal Daughter  (Part 4 of 4)
By cowgirl and Orestes


   Even as I sat in the cafeteria at school on Monday, 
I couldn't get my mind off of the scene that Tina had 
directed in the handicapped changing room at the mall 
on Saturday. I poked at my lunch. I didn't even notice 
when that bully Kerri Adams sat down beside me.

   " Geez Amy, this food is crap. Your Mom runs the 
school board, doesn't she ? Couldn't she get us 
something edible for a change ?"

   I wasn't in the mood. Kerri took turns annoying and 
bullying all of the girls in my grade. So far, she had 
pretty much left me alone because everyone knew who my 
mom was. Today was different.

   " Go fuck yourself, " I told her.

   " What, you don't want to talk about your Mom ?"

   " No. "

   " Because I heard a really interesting rumor..."

   That got my attention. Suddenly, I was much less 
interested in mashing the hamburger patty on my plate. 
I tried not to show too much of a reaction, but I was 
sure she could see me swallowing back my nerves. 

"What rumor was that ? Who'd you hear it from ?"

   " Well....seems I have a friend who works in your 
moms office for mandatory work experience. She told me 
all sorts of interesting things. " Kerri smirked.

   Tina !  My hands began to shake.

   " She said that your Mom likes to be pushed around 
by girls. And she said.....* you're * the same way. " 
Kerri announced, studying me carefully.

   I just sat there, totally stunned. Me ? Like Mom ? " 
It's  * not * true, " I said, a little louder than I 
really intended.

   Some of the other kids were staring at us now, and 
my stomach was doing flip flops. I was trying not to 
make a scene, but anyone could feel the tension as I 
felt the sweat grow against my upper lip and hands were 
tightening around my spoon until they were turning 
purple. Couldn't Kerri see how upset this was making 
me? Why couldn't Kerri just back off ?

   " Which part Isn't true? About your Mom, or about 
you ?" She was grinning like she really knew something. 
I just wanted to wipe that smug look off of her face.

   What happened next was really a blur. In all my time 
at school, I had never been in a fight, but I was 
suddenly slamming my food tray into the school bully's 
face. Than I was on top of her. I guess I must have 
surprised her, because soon I was on top of her, with 
my knees pinning down her shoulders.

   " You don't say a fucking word, " I shouted at her. 
She was trying to squirm out from under me, but I held 
her there. Other kids were gathering around to watch 
the fight. I grabbed some mashed potatoes from off of 
her tray, and began to cram it into her mouth. " You 
don't llike the food Kerri ? Well that's just too bad. 
Swallow those potatoes. Do you need something to drink 
?"

   I felt myself being lifted off of her just as I 
finished pouring the little carton of milk over her 
face. She choked and sputtered on the floor. Mr. Hall 
pulled me away quickly, and I continued to kick at her 
as he dragged me away.

   My mother didn't even try to get me out of trouble 
on this one. I got a week's suspension for it. On the 
bright side, so did Kerri. I guess she just has such a 
reputation as a bully, that they assumed she instigated 
the whole thing. That still didn't make things any 
easier as my mom picked me up from the principal's 
office, and began to drive me home.

   " Mom, I ..."

   " Quiet Amy. We'll talk about this when we get home. 
"

   This was puzzling.  Just two days before, I had 
leaned against the changing room wall and looked down 
at Mom while she was on her knees submissively licking 
my privates! But now I had slipped up and was beneath 
her again. In a way, something Kerri said *Tina * said 
was gnawing at my gut more than anything.

   How could Tina possibly think that I was a doormat 
just like my mother? Let alone tell such a secret to 
the likes of Kerri...

...that * I * was like....Mom???

   I felt queasy by the very idea! I had done all I 
could to prove to Tina that I would * never * fall into 
the same passive role that my own mother had. Couldn't  
she see how different I was ? I was getting angrier by 
the minute, just thinking about Tina daring to say such 
a cruel and naughty things about me.

   It just wasn't fair!

   And yet, here I was, little Amy letting Mommy 
discipline me again, right? At least when mom took 
charge, it felt right, like we were a mother and 
daughter again, but I didn't know if I could go back to 
that. After all I'd seen and done, wasn't mother's 
authority over anyone just a stupid joke? She was just 
Tina's plaything now, and I couldn't let that happen to 
me.

   As soon as we walked through the front door to the 
house, I knew that Tina was around. I could smell the 
smoke from her putrid cigarettes a mile away. Id grown 
to accept it, like mother, and now even my clothes and 
pillow sheets even reeked of Tina. I made a face from 
the odor as Mom led me to the kitchen, but echoed mom's 
artificial smile for Tina who was standing beside the 
table with her arms folded across her chest. She 
motioned for both of us to sit down.

   " Debbie tells me you got into a little fight at 
school. Is that right Amy ?"

   The teen girl was confident in her control over us. 
I desperately wanted to prove her wrong and show how I 
was anything but my mother's passive little daughter, 
but only I choked out a little, " ....yes Tina. "

   She walked around to where Mom was sitting, and 
reached her hand along the top of Mom's blouse. She was 
watching me as she began to toy with the top button.

   " Who did she get into a fight with Debbie ?"

   " Another girl in her grade. Kerri Adams. " Mom 
choked out, avoiding Tina's gaze and eyes cast down at 
the same spot on the floor mine were.

   Tina unfastened the second button on Mom's blouse 
before allowing her hand to wander away. Then she 
walked in my direction. I could feel the hair on the 
back of my neck standing up as she reached her hand 
along my shoulder and then to the top button of my 
blouse.

   My face went red.

She was * purposely * treating me and Mom the *same* 
way! Didn't she see that? This wouldn't do, not at all! 
I bit my lower lip squirming my how similar I may have 
looked sitting there next to my mother with Tina hand 
toying with my button.

   " Well, well, little Amy. It seems you have more 
guts than I thought. Maybe you're not like your mommy 
after all. Maybe you belong above her in the family. "

   And the butterflies started, yet again!

   I found myself ashamed by how much those word really 
pleased me. Part of me was all to ready to break free 
of my mother's passively cow like dead weight, whatever 
the price.

   Nonetheless, Tina continued unbuttoning the first 
two buttons on my blouse, leaving me breathless and now 
looking as stupid as mother just sitting there with  
the top of my little bra exposed. While I liked Tina's 
words about rising * above her * in the family, my 
moistening private parts weren't listening at all!

   She wandered back to Mom.

   " What do you think, Debbie ? Does little Amy belong 
above you in the family ? You've always fantasized 
about it. That's why it was so easy for some one half 
your age to take control of you? " Tina cut Mom off 
before she could speak. " Of course, it doesn't matter 
what * Li'l Debbie Brown Nose * thinks anymore, does it 
?  I'm the head of the family now. "

   Two more buttons on Mom's blouse left her bra 
entirely exposed as mother sat stock straight at 
attention and insipidly let Tina just * talk * to her 
like that! Mom's passive glassy eyed expression made me 
furious, yet I couldn't tear my eyes away. I hated Tina 
for doing it, mom for letting her, and myself for 
licking my lips as I watched. Just another couple of 
buttons and Mother's blouse would be fully open. I 
froze as Tina walked back in my direction again.

   " I guess it's up to you and me now, Amy. Do you 
think so little of yourself you'd stand there and get 
wet while letting another woman exposes your own 
daughter breasts? That's what your mother's doing right 
now, aren't you Debbie? "

   Tina grinned back at mother, who had a fresh salty 
little martyring tear trailing down her humiliated 
cheek, unable to look at either of us.

   " What about it Amy? Is Tina's little Amy a 
submissive little push over just like her pathetic slut 
of a mommy is ? " Tina cooed into my ear seductively.

   " ...uh....No, " I told her, but my breathing 
quickened as she reached down the front of my blouse. 
She didn't rush to unbutton me, and took her time. I 
felt her hand and fingers tickle and tease against on 
my breasts, and toyed with them as she spoke.

   " We'll have to find out, won't we ? As the new head 
of this family, I give out the punishment for today's 
fight. Maybe I should tell you what the punishment is. 
"

   She pulled another of my buttons loose. My pussy 
tingled as Tina's button play took all the wind out of 
my anger. I was trying to fight the feeling, but for 
some reason, I desperately both feared longed to savor 
whatever naughty little punishment Tina had dreamed up.

   " I've always wanted a puppy dog. Of course, puppies 
can be messy little creatures, so someone has to take 
care of them, " she shot a look towards Mom.

   " But your mothers proved herself such a failure at 
raising a daughter, I doubt there'd be any point to 
trusting her with a puppy doggie, so I guess it's up to 
Tina to fix everything once again! "  Tina winked 
cruelly at mother.

   " You know, washing her coat, and taking her for 
walks in the back yard to take a little doggie poopy. " 
Tina continued, as I listened dumbly.

   Then she took down another one of my buttons. 

   " Dogs don't wear clothes, of course. My little 
puppy bitch will be shamefully naked. I'll have her 
crawl around on all fours, and fetch my shoes with her 
teeth, and we'll play all sorts of silly doggie style 
games. "

   " I'll tell you a little secret, Amy. The best part 
about having a puppy doggie is that it has a really 
long tongue that it enjoys using in all sorts of 
places. Mmmm, I just can't wait to be watching TV, and 
have a good little puppy to crawl between my legs and 
use that frisky little tongue on me. "

   I realized I was shaking a little. Tina couldn't 
actually expect me to do this, could she ? Things were 
starting to get out of control! She didn't let up, 
though.

   " I hope my little puppy girl doesn't have an poo 
poo accident inside, because she's too shy to pee and 
poop in the back yard. If she balks, I'll make her 
clean it up with that same frisky tongue of hers. It's 
okay, though, my doggies drinks from toilets anyhow. 
It's a disgusting habit, I know, but people say that 
doggies like the cool water of the toilet bowl. Go 
figure. "

   My mind was racing. This was Insane!!!  I couldn't 
let her do this to me. Then I'd be even worse than 
being * like * Mom! It was one thing to be on the same 
level in Tina's mind, but I couldn't -- wouldn't 
disappear into this kind of weird stuff! Tina briskly 
took her hand away from my breasts, and walked to the 
kitchen counter.


From a bag, she took out a little pink dog collar.


   She walked back to the table, and set it down in 
front of us. The butterflies in my privates were 
exploding and I wanted to faint right there, but I 
didn't.

   " I didn't say which one of you will be my little 
puppy dog. Amy, I want you to pick up the collar. Then 
you can either put it on yourself, or you can fit it 
around Debbie's neck. It's your choice. "

   I looked at Mom. She wasn't saying anything. My 
pussy must've left a wet spot in my underwear I was so 
moist just sitting there holding the little pink collar 
in my sweaty hands as I licked my lips in anticipation. 
Imagining it on mother's neck made me feel sick and 
euphoric all at once. I was tempted after all mother 
put me through. I mean, how could she let Tina do this 
? She's the adult. She should be in control.

   Instead, the choice was left to her stupid little 
daughter Amy.

   Slowly, I reached out and picked up the collar. This 
was it. If I decided to put it on Mom, our relationship 
would be over. She wouldn't be my Mom anymore. She 
would be a bitch, and I could never respect her or care 
the same way for her again.

   My pussy throbbed with excitement. Both of our 
blouses were open to Tina's view, as she looked smugly 
down at us. What I longed  to do was throw that stupid 
collar back in Tina's arrogant little face, and kick 
her out of our house forever. Then me and Mom could be 
together again.

   But I knew it wouldn't work that way. Mom needed 
Tina now. And I needed Mom. Then.....it hit me!

   Angry hot tears of truth splashed across my bright 
red face as my pussy was on fire at the burning 
humiliation of the thought.

   No, I wasn't * like * my own mother. It was worse 
that that. I apparently didn't even want to rate * that 
* high. When mother got horny, she allowed Tina's 
abuse, but when her push over nothing of a daughter 
went into heat -

   With shaking hands and teary eyes, I lifted the 
collar and snapped it around my own neck.

   Tina didn't tell me everything about my punishment 
or even how long it will last, but at this point, does 
it really matter ? I'm just her pet now, and I'm much 
lower in the family than even Mom. I've even returned 
the favor and licked Mom to orgasm like she did for me 
in the change room. Tina was pleased to watch that.

   One thing Tina didn't tell me was that she invited 
her friend Kerri to stay over for a few days. That was 
the worst of all. She really got a lot of revenge for 
the way I humiliated her in the cafeteria. Like, when I 
have to go outside to pee, Tina makes me beg at the 
door. I just sort of kneel there and whine until 
someone will take me out. It's not just a game either, 
this is the only way I'm allowed to let people know if 
I have to urinate! Tina throws a fit if  do anything 
but bark at home now, as stupid as I feel doing it. I'm 
only allowed to speak normally at school or in public.

   A couple of times when I was alone with Kerri, she 
wouldn't let me out. She made me whine and beg while 
she stood beside the door, teasing me by playing around 
with the door handle. Finally, when I couldn't take it 
anymore, she laughed her guts out while I piddled on 
the floor.

   Then she'd take me by the back of the head, and rub 
my face in the mess I made, and tell me what a bad dog 
I was. I cant help it if that makes me horny 
afterwards, can I ? I never will get used to my own 
smell though. I hate it! And I still had to clean it up 
for Tina later on.

   It's hard going to the same school as Kerri, and I'm 
embarrassed all the time because of the way she looks 
at me. I know the way she thinks about me now, pissing 
on the floor like a stupid puppy. Sometimes I see her 
and her friends laughing at me in the hallways, and I 
wonder how much she told them.

   Tina also didn't tell me that she would bring her 
boyfriend over sometimes. I instantly didn't like the 
guy, and neither did mom. I didn't even know Tina * had 
* a boyfriend until he came. I could see how jealous 
and hurt Mom was that Tina brought him into out house, 
because she's so truly in love with Tina! It made me so 
sad when I could hear Mom from the next room whimpering 
to Tina not to not sleep with the guy, out of respect 
for their relationship, as odd as It was. I even asked 
Tina myself,  on Mom's behalf.

   Tina thoughtfully considered our requests, then made 
both of us suck him off.

   I'm still not very good at it, and Tina laughs and 
makes doggie jokes at me because I do oral sex so 
poorly. She says I inherited my Mom's poor oral 
talents.

   I don't think Mom ever got over that. In fact I 
think it kills mom when Tina lets him sleep in Mom's 
bed and we have to lick the sheets clean after they 
screw. I mean, I'm just a stupid bitch now, but it must 
really hurt a real person like mom!

   But luckily Tina's boyfriend doesn't come over much 
now, so Tina made it painfully clear of how me and 
mother are second choice in her mind, and me and Mom 
are now allowed to lick her off again each night. Well, 
Mom Licks, and I more serve Kerri now. It's strange how 
weird it is scampering to please and amuse someone you 
didn't even used to like to begin with, and how hard it 
is to remember that we even used to be equals.

   Tina told Debbie...er.. I mean Mom, that I should 
drop out of school since my brain's basically pudding 
anyway, and Kerri thinks it would  be a real hoot to 
have my vocal chords permanently  removed or altered to 
silly little whines and barks. 

   I was appalled at this idea, but Mom wouldn't even 
stand up for me about it. When Kerri really bullied Mom 
about it, Mom said that they might as well, because I'm 
not much good for anything else. That hurt. Tina even 
joked about looking into the surgery the other day.

   At least I think she was joking.

   Doctors don't *do* that sort of thing, do they ?

   I remembered when as a kid I would ride on Mom's 
back, pretending * she * was a doggie. Weird. I know 
mom's lost pretty much * all * respect for me since she 
saw me wiping my butt after poo poo by dragging it 
along the grass. I think Mother really wrote me off as 
her daughter when I passively allowed Tina to plough 
through my college savings. 

   Well, Mommy taught me not to stand up for myself, 
didn't she ? Like mother, like daughter, right? 

   I know Mother doesn't love or respect me anymore, 
and sometimes this makes me cry, but mostly I'm just 
too fucking dumb to be upset. Or that's how it seems, 
anyway, when I get all horny from being treated like a 
dog.  I got a new collar yesterday, so that pushed 
every thing else out of my puppy bitch head.

   At night, it's clear how things have changed in our 
family. Tina sleeps in Mom's bed, and Mom sleeps on the 
floor in a pile of dirty clothes. Kerri has been 
spending the night in my room. I guess her parents 
don't care how she's away, because they haven't called 
or anything. Once she's in bed,  she slaps her thigh 
and calls me.

   " Come here, Amy, " she smirks at me. And though 
some part of me still hates her and Mom and Tina and 
sucking off Tina's guy and what a total living cartoon 
I've become, I still kneel down to her like a silly 
little Idiot and wag my little rump for my former 
bully!

   " Curl up in my lap like a good little doggy, " she 
sneers at me and my pretty pink collar.

   And I do.

***




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cowgirl & Orestes


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





