BDSM Library - The Descent of Judy




The Descent of Judy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She is smart and beautiful and got the chance to do modelling. From some nude pose to porn video, later she found she felt more aroused when she was doing something unsual.
The Descent of Judy
by Sally and Rob Pierce Email: Sally34@hotmail.com.

=====================================================
We hoped you enjoyed this story. We welcome comments. Please send Email to Sally
at 'Sally34@hotmail.com' or Rob at 'pierce01@globalnet.co.uk'. Remember to
mention the title of the story when you write.





The Descent of Judy

Chapter 1. First Steps

================

Judy Richards had it all. She'd got straight A's in her final school year, was
now studying medicine at a top London hospital. As if that weren't enough, she
was also incredibly attractive. She was of medium height and wore her blonde
hair long and flowing. Her good looks made both men and women turn their heads. 
Her intelligence and beauty made her slightly aloof; this wasn't because she was
arrogant, she just felt different to other people which made her slightly
withdrawn. She was so attractive and bright that she actually put boys off from
asking her out. She had few girlfriends either; no girl could put up with being
compared to her intelligence and beauty for long. Now, half way through her
first year at college, though surrounded by 'friends' she was feeling lonely and
unchallenged. It was around this time that she started modelling.

She was introduced to the world of modelling in a wine bar of all places. She
was there with her flatmates before moving on to a party. As normal, Judy felt
half-in, half-out of the buzz of chat going on around the table. Looking around
the bar she noticed an attractive looking Asian girl in her twenties looking at
her. Judy looked away, but when she looked back she saw that the girl was still
appraising her. A lesbian pick-up? Judy felt slightly ridiculous. She hoped her
flatmates did not notice.

Later, as they went to leave, the stood up and girl stopped Judy. Despite being
of Asian origin, Judy realised that standing up she was taller than her by at
least six inches, and fuller bodied than her too. Long, black, softly curling
hair framed a face that was dominated by deep dark smouldering eyes and a full,
sensual mouth. The only thing that spoiled perfection was her nose, which curved
slightly, giving Judy the impression of a beautiful bird of prey but making her
appear a bit cruel. The girl smiled at Judy. Judy looked puzzled.

"I couldn't help noticing you," the girl said.

"Oh?" said Judy, taken aback by the girl's forward approach.

Salma smiled at the worried look on Judy's face then stuck her head back and
laughed revealing gleaming white teeth. Judy's flatmates, now mostly out of the
door turned back to look to locate the sound.

"Ha, don't worry, I'm not trying to pick you up!"

"Then wha..." Judy began.

The girl suddenly became serious.

"You really are quite beautiful, you really should do modelling. Are you a
student or something?"

"Yes," Judy found herself answering.

"Well, if you need to earn some extra cash then you should seriously consider
it."

The girl scrabbled in her handbag and pulled out a card.

"Go and see this man. He's a good photographer, with good contacts. Tell him
Salma sent you."

Salma scrawled her name on the back of the card and handed it to the bemused
Judy.

"I'll tell him to expect you," said Salma

Judy mumbled a reply and left the wine bar to follow her friends. She glanced at
the business card Salma had handed her - it belonged to 'Mike Burrows', an
independent photographer who lived locally. She slipped the card in her pocket
intending to throw it away later. Secretly though she was thrilled. People had
always told her she was good looking, but it was great to have it confirmed by
an 'expert'.

All the girls she shared the house with moaned about their lack of money. Judy's
family weren't that well off so she was also struggling. When she found Mike's
card again, emptying out her pockets a week later, she decided that, what the
hell, she would call him. To her surprise, once she started to explain who she
was it seemed that Mike had been expecting her call. He was enthusiastic and
invited her over to his studio that week.

Judy had difficulty locating the studio; the narrow entrance was squeezed
between two other buildings in what was little more than a narrow alley in
London's Soho. The smallest of plaques revealed that this was indeed the office
and studio of Mike Burrows.

A woman with short, dark, almost spiky hair in her mid-thirties answered the
door. Her appearance initially took Judy aback as part of her hair was dyed
partly flaming red and she had several prominent rings through her nose, lip and
eyebrow.

The woman looked her up and down somewhat contemptuously before asking if she
was 'the student'. Judy felt intimidated and was tempted to run away, but calmed
herself and replied that indeed, she was. The woman, who identified herself as
Mike's wife, Corinne, led her up two flights of steep and narrow stairs that led
straight from the door.

In the studio, Mike was in the middle of a photo-shoot; apparently he was doing
a portfolio for an aspiring model. Unlike his wife, Mike was as friendly as he
had been on the phone. When he had finished and the other girl had left, Mike
asked Judy to simply pose for some shots. Judy was a little unsure, not knowing
what he wanted, but as Mike snapped he got her to move and pose. His calm,
professional and friendly manner was reassuring, and eventually she found
herself relaxing and almost enjoying the work.

When they had finished, Mike said that he would hawk the photos around the many
agencies that he knew for her. In return she would pay him a percentage of any
money she earned.

Weeks passed and Judy had almost forgotten about the photo-shoot until she got a
phone-call from Mike. He cryptically referred to some work that he had managed
to find for her and asked her to come over to the studio when she was free. Judy
was intrigued and went the next day, straight after lectures finished.

When she got there Mike indicated a chair in his office and then got straight to
the point.

"Ever thought about doing nude work?" he asked.

"No," said Judy, feeling her pulse race.

Mike remained silent so she felt as though she should justify herself.

"But I'm no prude," she added.

Again the silence.

"I've just never thought about it before," Judy said quietly, her voice
quivering with her nervousness.

"Okay, glamour or Continental?" Mike asked, knowing she wouldn't understand.

"Uhm, what do you mean?" she asked.

"Well, glamour is just getting your kit off and posing."

He pulled a folder from a drawer and opened it, taking out a sheaf of photos
showing an attractive, large-breasted girl in various naked poses.

"And this is Continental," he said, spreading a second set showing the same
girl, but this time she was engaged in a whole series of sexual activities,
ranging from masturbation with an improbably large dildo to having her face
splattered with the cum from two large penises.

The sight of such degrading activities shocked Judy, but made her already fast
pulse race even harder and her stomach feel hollow. She'd heard of such
degrading porn, but never seen anything like this.

"Well, what d'you think then?" Mike asked her.

Judy looked at him and blushed.

"What pays more?" she asked, playing for time.

Mike just laughed, "What d'you think?" he said.

"I think I could do something like that," she answered quietly, pointing to the
picture of the girl playing with the huge dildo.

"Okay, we need to do some test shots, are you free tomorrow morning?" he asked.

"Yes, I'm free," she lied, knowing full well that she was supposed to be
attending lectures.




The Descent of Judy

Chapter 2. The Shoot

================

She arrived at the studio bright and early, feeling very apprehensive about
doing her first nude work. Corinne led her off to the makeup room straight away.

Judy still felt intimidated by the older woman. Corinne didn't smile or offer
any encouragement.

"Right, strip off, and let's see what we've got to work with," she said, then
simply crossed her arms, waiting for Judy to comply.

Judy stripped slowly. She felt horribly exposed taking her clothes off in front
of this woman and had the absurd desire to turn her back and hide herself. Judy
overcame this sensation and, not lowering her eyes from Corinne's, removed all
her clothes. When finally naked she silently thanked the god of good fortune
that the room was at least warm.

Corinne ran her eyes over Judy's body; there was no passion in those eyes, just
clinical appraisal. She looked at her the way Judy imagined a jockey might
inspect a horse; it was very disconcerting. People had looked at her with
desire, outright lust and even envy and she was so used to it; she almost
expected it. Corinne, though, was just clinical, and Judy felt very
uncomfortable.

"I see you're a natural blonde then," Corinne finally stated. "Now, sit yourself
down and we can get on with the makeup."

Judy sat on a stool and allowed herself to be made-up. A further moment of
awkwardness had come when Corinne had started to apply make-up to her nipples. 
As Judy felt Corinne's soft fingers gently rubbing dark brown cream onto her
large nipples, Judy asked her if it was strictly necessary. It was the first
time she had seen Corinne grin. Corinne continued her ministrations, telling
Judy that it was very important for her nipples to show up on the photos. To
Judy's dismay her prominent teats erected under Corinne's deft touch, betraying
the pleasurable, yet embarrassing sensations she was experiencing. Corinne kept
grinning, continuing the caress for longer than Judy felt necessary.

Corinne then got Judy to dress up in some slutty underwear. Judy protested but
Corinne told her it was what men who bought the magazines liked. It was cheap
and nasty and felt itchy, nothing like the sexy undies Judy would occasionally
wear. Corinne clipped on the stockings and suspenders and pulled the straps on
the back of her push-up bra tight until her breasts jutted forward in a
gravity-defying way. Judy slipped on needle thin stilettos and a robe and
teetered after Corinne. On the way Judy passed a full-length mirror. She was
taken aback as she hardly recognised herself; the subtle make-up she usually
wore had been replaced by thick bright colours. Her whole poise had changed to
compensate for the uncomfortable shoes and, opening the robe a little, she saw
that she looked like a whore.

Corrine led her to the studio where Mike was waiting. Then, like an artist
unveiling a work of art, Corinne slipped the robe from Judy's shoulders and
whipped it away with a flourish revealing Judy's semi-naked body to her husband.

"Magnifico!" he breathed, his eyes shining at the demure Judy now transformed
into a slut.

Mike had then taken what seemed like hundreds of shots of her in just about
every pose imaginable; some of them very uncomfortable. She'd been very nervous
at the start, but Mike had been very encouraging, and had quickly put her at
ease, telling her how beautiful she looked, and what great pictures he was
getting. As he worked he gradually got her to strip until now she was just in
panties, stockings and suspenders, and the ridiculously high heeled shoes. 
Finally Mike asked her to remove the panties; Judy bit her lip and complied. 
Mike was a professional though and carried on as though nothing had changed,
even when asking her to part the lips of her vagina for him. After a few more
shots, Corinne came in, carrying a large, lurid purple dildo. She handed it to
Judy, smirking.

"Okay love, I want you to try to forget I'm here," Mike said to Judy. "Just lay
back for a couple of minutes and think of something that really turns you on,
and then just do what comes naturally. I'm going to be moving about, taking
shots of you from all angles; just ignore me and do your thing. Don't be
embarrassed, we've seen and done everything you could imagine here, so you don't
need to be shy. Just try and enjoy yourself."

He smiled at her as Judy arranged herself on the pile of silk pillows Mike was
using in the shot.

Judy desperately tried to shut out the presence of Mike and Corrine. She felt as
though this was a test that Corinne was just waiting for her to fail. She
imagined herself fleeing from the room in tears and Corinne looking at her
husband with a 'told you so' expression on her face. Judy had never flunked any
test and she was determined to show these two how strong she could be. She tried
to let her mind wander to find an erotic image, but all she could see was the
degrading porn Mike had shown her the previous day. The strange thing was that
she felt herself becoming aroused by it. She started to imagine herself in the
position of the girl, arousing two men so much that they masturbated freely in
front of her then came on her. Judy felt guilt at thinking such thoughts, but
the more guilt she felt, the more aroused she became. And now, just the act of
exposing herself to the camera's all-seeing eye made her feel deliciously
wicked. It was somehow easier to feel wicked in the slutty make-up and clothes -
she could pretend that she wasn't Judy Richards, medical student, but Judy
Richards, slut. Even without touching herself she could feel her juices starting
to flow. Her hands were between her legs, tightly gripping the long, fat,
pliable dildo; squeezing it as if it were the cock of her favourite fantasy
lover. In her mind, she pictured a group of men standing round her, wanking over
her as she lay back on the cushions. This image was all she needed; Judy moaned
quietly as she pushed the thick latex rubber cock between her swollen lips and
deep into the wet tunnel of her cunt.

Judy's hands started to thrust the tool in and out of herself as she visualised
her audience masturbating over her. She was completely oblivious as Mike flew
around the room, capturing her activities on celluloid from all the best angles
and Corinne stood watching. All Judy was conscious of was the incredible full
feeling of her pussy as she crammed as much of the giant rubber phallus as she
could inside her. To put more in meant she had to spread her legs wider and lift
her bottom off the cushion by putting more weight on her feet. Mike captured it
all, the tension in her parted thighs and wet, stretched pussy.

Judy screamed aloud as, in her imagination she pictured herself in place of the
girl and the men showering her in their hot spunk. Her orgasm hit like an
unstoppable tidal wave, carrying her to heights of ecstasy that she'd never
scaled before....

Judy lay back on the cushions in that pleasant euphoric lethargy that follows
intense orgasmic bliss. She could hear the buzz of conversation, but it took a
few moments to realise that conversation was about her. She opened her eyes to
see Mike and Corinne were looking at her, talking with big smiles on their
faces.

"I told you she was a natural," Mike was saying.

Corinne was still sceptical: "You may be right, but I wonder what else she can
do?"

Mike realised that Judy was now looking at them: "That was great Judy! Really
excellent; there was no way you were faking, that's for sure."

"Yeah, I thought you were going to scream the house down!" Corinne added with a
wry smile.

Judy wasn't sure what to do next and got unsteadily to her feet, clutching the
robe around her nakedness.

"Right, now go and change then pop back to the office and we'll have a nice cup
of tea and a chat," Mike told her, then he and Corinne left the studio.

Judy couldn't believe what she'd just done in front of these almost strangers. 
Her own juices leaked down her thighs as she ran with trembling legs from the
studio.

As they walked down the corridor to the office Mike turned to Corinne.

"She'll be a while recovering," he said with a grin, squeezing Corinne's bottom.

"Yeah, gives us time don't it," she smiled back, lasciviously.

They were both horny from having witnessed the incredible sight of the demure
young girl fuck herself senseless with the dildo.

Once in the office they wasted no time; Corinne seized the hem of her red jersey
dress and pulled it up and over her head. Pulling off her panties and unclipping
her bra, she was soon naked. Mike just undid the tie at the waistband of his
jogging pants, and pushed them and his underpants down to his ankles.

"Fuck me from behind!" Corinne told him as she bent across the desk.

The lips of her hairless cunt splayed open, revealing her moist state of
arousal. Several rings adorned her outer lips. Mike said nothing, just spat into
the palm of his hand and rubbed the saliva into the head of his hard,
circumcised cock. Stepping behind Corinne, he pushed the head of his cock
between her lips and, in a well and oft practised move, thrust deep into her
waiting vagina.

"Oh baby, that's so good, stick your fingers up my arse too!" Corinne cried out
with passion.

Mike obliged.

"Yeah, yeah, that's it, give it to me hard!" she demanded, slipping her left
hand down to tease her swollen clit.

It didn't take long for Mike to feel close.

"I'm going to cum!" he cried out.

"Yeah, so am I, go on, fuck your spunk up me!" she cried out, the crudeness of
her language making them both orgasm at the same time.

Corinne's legs buckled under her with the intensity of her orgasm, but Mike
rammed himself into her one last time as his balls emptied into her willing
cunt.

"Oh Jesus! That was incredible!" he moaned as he withdrew, exhausted.

He struggled to pull up his underpants and jogging bottoms and then slumped into
his chair, running his fingers through his sweat soaked hair.

Corinne quickly pulled her clothes back on too.

"You don't have to tell me who you were thinking of," she said, grinning at him.

"Don't tell me you weren't thinking of her too you dirty cow!" he replied.

Eventually, after a good hot shower, Judy sat in the chair facing Mike across
the desk, a mug of hot tea in her hand.

"You done well, you're a natural," he told her and opening a drawer he pulled a
wad of notes and peeled off a sizeable amount for her.

Judy's eyes lit up.

"Fancy doing some more?" he asked her, looking into her eyes.

Corinne stood leaning against the door of the office, smirking. She irritated
Judy. Judy decided to show her that she was no feeble student.

"If it pays like this, sure," she replied, but as soon as she said it she felt a
hollow feeling in the pit of her stomach again.

Mike noticed the lack of conviction in her voice and looked concerned.

"I think you should think about it before we go any further. I'll give you a
call when I need you again - you don't have to say 'yes' if you don't want to -
okay?" he said.

Judy simply nodded.




The Descent of Judy

Chapter 3. Judy and Corinne

=====================

As the boring week of lectures dragged by Judy thought with more and more secret
thrill of what she had done. As she looked at the other boring students around
her she felt superior in that she had done something they would never dare to. 
She could hardly contain herself; she felt she had to talk to someone yet there
was no one she could reveal her 'secret life' to.

A big envelope appeared in the post a few days after the shoot. It contained
fifty photos of Judy masturbating with the dildo. Judy was amazed; she hardly
recognised the girl in the photo in the grip of orgasmic lust. There was a small
note from Mike attached to the photos asking her to phone him.

The next day Judy phoned; Mike wanted her for another shoot.

"Are you up for another session then?" he asked.

"What will it involve?" she asked, biting her lip.

"I've got to do a shoot for a top-shelf mag called 'Lesbian Lust', so you can
guess what that entails." Mike explained.

Judy swallowed hard. Her mind raced, would that mean she had to... she couldn't
even think what, with another woman?

"What would I have to do?" she asked, nervously.

"Oh Christ, nothing much," he said. "It's all faked. You just get your kit off
and pose with another girl in sexy positions. Most girls prefer working with
other girls, no penetration and no cum."

Judy shuddered at his coarse language, but what he said made sense.

"Who, erm, who would be the other girl?" she asked.

"Oh, a nice girl, Linda - you'll get on fine - don't worry," he answered.

Judy couldn't think of much more to say to stall making the decision so she
agreed. Mike told her to be round the next day at ten, which meant more ducking
lectures.

When she got there Mike was frantically making phone calls. Corinne explained
that Linda had cancelled at the last minute and he was trying to get another
girl at short notice. After half an hour of phone calls Mike was furious. He
walked into the room where Corrine was getting Judy ready.

"Shit! Fuckin' Linda! Says she can't get a bleedin' baby-sitter!" he exclaimed. 
"How am I supposed to find anyone at this short notice? The publishers are going
to go mental if they don't get the prints by Friday! Fuck!"

He looked pleadingly at Corrine: "Please babe, you gotta help me."

"Oh no, not me!" replied Corrine. "When I married you, you promised: 'no more
porn'!"

"But this is an emergency!" he pleaded.

Corinne looked at Mike, then at Judy.

Judy slowly realised that Mike was asking Corrine to take Linda's place and do
the lesbian scene with her. She was horrified; there was no way she wanted to
get intimate with Mike's wife, even faking!

Corrine saw the momentary glimpse of dread in Judy's eyes and said: "Okay I
will, if that's alright with you Judy?"

How could she object?

Judy tried to smile, "Fine with me."

Corrine looked Mike in the eye.

"This is going to fuckin' cost you, big time!" she said coarsely and stalked off
to the changing room to make herself up for the shoot.

As the two women stripped in the confined space of the changing and make-up room
Judy was surprised by the number of tattoos Corinne had and especially by her
bald pussy and the rings on her vaginal lips. She tried not to stare.

Mike, enjoying watching the two women strip, tried to reassure Judy: "Don't
worry, Corrine's done all this more times than she can count, so she'll do most
of the arranging of the posed stuff. I just need you to play the role of an
innocent girl seduced by an older dyke, so you looking inexperienced will be
fine."

When they were both ready they went to the studio. Corrine had done her make-up
and changed into some leather gear, Judy would start naked this time.

Mike explained the scene: "To start with, I want you to lay back on the rug as
though you've just finished masturbating and you're getting your breath back. 
Corinne's going to appear like she's your dyke aunt or something, and she's
caught you. It'll go on from there; I just want you to follow her lead. I'll be
doing my thing as the action unfolds."

Judy complied, feeling very nervous, but determined not to show it. She lay back
on the rug and spread her legs, positioning her hands by her pussy and closing
her eyes as if asleep.

"Yeah, good, I like it Judy. Okay Corinne, on you come," he ordered.

Corinne walked into the set from behind the spotlights. Judy, sneaking a peek
from under her eyelashes, could see that in the short leather dress, black
fishnet stockings and high heels she really looked like a cheap tart. Corinne
walked over to her and knelt beside her. She shook Judy's shoulder in a mime to
wake her up.

"Try to look dazed," she told Judy, as though she was explaining to an idiot.

Judy did as she was told, peripherally aware of the shutter of Mike's camera
taking shot after shot as Corinne guided her through the developing scenario.

Corinne pulled the leather dress, up and off, over her head. Now she was naked
apart from a pair of skimpy black panties and the fishnets. She straddled Judy,
bending forward until her large slightly drooping breasts were at Judy's lips.

"Suck it," she ordered, offering her right nipple to Judy's mouth.

Judy looked at the large nipple dangling before her. Mike had told her that they
would fake the sex so she opened her mouth but stopped before the nipple. 
Corinne was more insistent though, pushing the nipple into Judy's open mouth. 
Judy tasted the make-up and sweat on Corinne's nipple, her nose filled with the
scent of the cheap body spray Corrine used. Judy felt sickened by Corrine's
closeness; wondering why she'd agreed to do this.

Judy had never had any lesbian experience, even at school when the other girls
used to play at being lezzies, running round hugging and kissing in the
playground, pairing off; she had never joined in. It wasn't that the idea didn't
intrigue her though; she'd certainly imagined being seduced by a lesbian in her
masturbatory fantasies. Usually though she was seduced by some slim, elegant,
older woman in a clinging black dress, never by a bitch like Corinne!

After Mike had got enough photos of Corinne's nipple in Judy's mouth, Corinne
stood up, pulled off her panties and then manoeuvred herself into a sixty-nine
on top of the recumbent Judy. She looked up at Mike and smiled evilly. Mike
grinned and nodded at her, moving round to Corinne's behind, and fired off the
camera, the shutter going like a machine gun as Corinne mashed her shaven cunt,
with all its gold rings, into Judy's mouth. The close up shots captured the open
wetness as it lowered down onto the Judy's panicked face.

Judy had never been this close to another woman's vagina. The moist folds of
Corrine's cunt opened above her as she lowered herself and Judy's nose filled
with an unwashed, stale odour, making her gag. She was unable to turn her head
as the wet lips of Corinne's cunt pushed against the lips of her own mouth. Judy
tried to keep her mouth tightly shut, but then she felt Corinne's tongue gently
probing her clit. A shock wave of sensation coursed through her, forcing her
mouth open in a little gasp.

Corinne was enjoying every minute. Though not really into girls herself, the
deliciously nasty action of rubbing her unwashed cunt in the face of this
stuck-up bitch, defiling her, was a real turn on. Corinne felt Judy trying to
turn her head away and drove her hips down harder, preventing the girl's escape. 
Now she intended to drive this kid wild and she flicked her tongue across Judy's
exposed clit. Corinne was hoping to feel Judy lose control, like she had done
with the dildo. Viciously, Corinne rubbed herself to climax on the girl's face. 
Corinne came, silently, as Mike shouted, "Great girls, that was fucking
outstanding! The beauty and the beast!"

Corinne told Mike to fuck off good-naturedly and stood up releasing Judy from
between her thighs. Judy rushed to the toilet and locked herself in the cubicle. 
She wanted to be sick, Corinne's sticky love juices were all over her face and
hair, but as she knelt on the floor, nothing would happen. Eventually, she got
up and then sat on the cold toilet seat. As she sat there, she tried to analyse
the mixture of emotions she had experienced. 'What the hell am I doing here?'
she thought to herself.

Eventually she left the sanctity of the toilet. Mike and Corrine were chatting
as though nothing unusual had happened. Judy smiled wanly at them. Mike came
over and hugged her.

"Babe, you were delicious - a real actress. You looked so innocent in some of
the shots - you'll sell like hot cakes!"

Judy no longer cared.

"Judy, listen, I'm going to be shooting some video next week," Mike told her. "I
think you're a natural for it but I want you to talk to another girl who's done
a lot of this stuff first and is going to be in this movie too. It certainly
pays ten times more than you're getting now. I'll give you her number, have a
chat with her, and then give me a call if you still want to do it."

Mike opened a small diary he'd retrieved from the drawer of his desk. He wrote
down a telephone number and wrote down a name she recognised: Salma, the Asian
girl from the wine bar.

"I'll tell her to expect your call, okay?" he said, smiling.

Judy just nodded.




The Descent of Judy

Chapter 4. Judy and Salma

====================

Judy sat in her room, reflecting on the events of the morning; she'd never
imagined at the start of the day that she would find herself performing such
degrading acts with Mike's wife. Judy had to admit though that as repugnant as
the session with Corinne had been, the experience took her way beyond what all
the other girls she knew would even consider. She couldn't stop thinking about
it, the way she'd been used by Corinne, like an object for the woman's pleasure;
she had felt it when Corrine had orgasmed. Judy had no illusions; Corinne didn't
like her, but she obviously had gained some perverse thrill from using her that
way, right in front of her husband.

Judy looked again at Salma's phone number, contemplating the next step. 'Shall
I, shan't I?' she wondered, trying to reach a decision. The activities of the
morning had left her so confused. She had to admit that, what was upper most in
her thoughts was the thrill of challenging herself again to do something so
shocking. But now, did she want to take it further, or get out before she got
into something she couldn't handle?

"Can't handle what?" she said aloud, ridiculing herself for her own cowardice.

Judy picked up the phone immediately and dialled Salma's number quickly before
she had second thoughts.

"Hello?"

"Hello, Salma? It's Judy. The girl from...." Judy started.

"Ah, the posh student, right?" Salma interrupted.

Judy was taken aback, she didn't like Salma's tone, "Yes, that's right."

Judy was regretting that she had rung in the first place when Salma said, "Mike
asked me to talk to you about doing a video."

"Yes," said Judy.

"So, when do you want to meet?" Salma asked.

Judy hesitated, wondering whether this was such a good idea: "Well, any evening
this week really."

"Fine, ok, tonight then, about eight, I'll even give you some dinner - nothing
posh though!"

Salma gave Judy instructions on where to find her, fortunately only a few stops
away on the tube, then they said their good-byes and hung up. 'Too late to back
out now,' Judy thought, despite her misgivings.

Judy had been surprised when Salma had given her an address in Chelsea. She had
expected from Salma's South London accent a seedy flat somewhere in one of the
rougher parts of the city. Now she stood in the porch of a Victorian mansion
block that had been divided into flats. Finding the name 'S. Farooq' under one
of the buttons to the entry phone, she pushed the buzzer and waited.

The lock buzzed and Judy pushed open the door and entered the hallway.

Salma emerged from a doorway in the hall. She was more attractive than Judy
remembered. Her figure was generous and curvaceous, very busty, with a small
waist, broad hips, and round, full buttocks. Her legs gave her the height, and
the black leggings she wore revealed that as well as being long, they were
strongly muscled and shapely.

"Come in Judy, come in," she said, smiling, and beckoning with her hand.

Salma ushered Judy into her flat, took Judy's coat and returned with two glasses
of champagne. Judy glanced nervously around the living room; it was richly
furnished and decorated but the overall effect was glitzy and tacky. As Salma
handed the glass to Judy she appraised her in a similar way to Corinne.

"Yes, as beautiful as I remember - I have an eye for talent."

"Thank you," Judy replied. "You are very good-looking too."

They touched glasses and drank. Eyeing each other over the rims of their
glasses.

Suddenly Judy jumped, spilling champagne as a large dark shape rushed into the
room and charged past her hips, nearly knocking her over. Salma laughed.

"Don't worry about Khan, he won't harm you," Salma told her as she saw the look
of unease on Judy's face.

Khan was a large dark grey Wolfhound. He stood at Salma's side, his back level
with her hips, looking up at Judy and panting. Judy didn't like dogs that much
and Khan looked particularly ferocious. Salma noticed Judy's unease, smiled
briefly to herself then pulled Khan off to the side and told Judy to take a
seat. Judy sat down on a sumptuous black leather sofa, seeming to almost sink
into its luxurious comfort. Salma left the room to get some food leaving Judy
alone in the presence of the panting dog who stared at her attentively. Judy sat
very still and very uneasily.

Eventually Salma returned with a tray full of salad. She kicked the dog in the
haunch saying, "Come on you randy bastard, out of the way!"

She looked down at an obviously timid Judy and smiled.

"He likes the look of you I see."

"Oh?" said Judy.

"S'obvious isn't it, look at his cock, he's already getting a hard on!" Salma
replied with a lascivious grin.

Judy hadn't been looking in that area, being mesmerised by the dog's huge head
with the sharp teeth shining whitely in his open panting mouth. Now she looked
down to where he was sitting on his haunches. A pointed bright red prick was
sticking out of a furry sheath. It looked a bit like a carrot that had been
painted crimson. Judy quickly looked away, embarrassed.

"He's only half up, wait 'til he really gets excited, he's got a knot the size
of a tennis ball!" Salma told her.

Judy was fazed by Salma's upfront discussion of her dog's genitalia. "Khan,
kitchen!" Salma shouted; the huge dog got up and reluctantly loped off.

After the two women had eaten they sat back in the big black leather sofa,
sipping the chilled champagne.

"So, porno!" said Salma, grinning wickedly as she abruptly dropped the word into
their conversation. "Mike says you're thinking of doing the flick with me?"

Judy found it hard to give Salma an answer, because she wasn't really sure why
she wanted to do it herself. Judy was torn by self-doubt. This woman seemed warm
and friendly, unlike Corrine; even so, there was a small part of Judy that made
her hesitate to open up. This meeting wasn't at all like she had imagined it
would be. For a start, Judy was disconcerted that Salma was more good-looking
and full of confidence than she remembered, even though she was only one or two
years older than herself. Judy didn't feel in control of the situation, and this
was unnerving. Whereas she had been able to conceal her nervousness (she
thought) from Mike and Corrine, the woman sitting next to her on the sofa seemed
to be able to sense every conflicting emotion coursing through her.

"I'll tell you something, I started out in this business with nothing. I'm the
third daughter of a poor Pakistani family that came here illegally in the
sixties. I was born here and lived in a poxy flat with no heating. I went to a
crap school, and never learned much 'cause I was always working in the family
shop. I ran away from home rather than have an arranged marriage and I've had to
fend for myself ever since," Salma told her.

"Look around, I'm not posh like you, but I don't owe nobody nothing. Everything
I've got is fully paid for; I've got no mortgage, a wardrobe of designer
clothes, and a Merc in the garage. I've got a Villa on the Costa Blanca, and a
nice big deposit account on the Isle of Mann, where the tax man can't get his
hands on it."

She smiled proudly.

"I started out like you, doing some glamour photo shoots; and I don't mind
telling you, I was shit scared at first, but Mike, you can trust him, believe
me, he got me some video work, and I haven't looked back. I don't have to work
nine to five; in fact, if you added up the number of days I work in a year, I'd
bet it wouldn't come to twelve weeks in total. Apart from that, I do what I
like, when I like, if I like."

Salma got up and walked over to an oak wood cabinet. Opening the door she knelt
down and looked through a collection of videotapes. Selecting a tape she walked
over to the VCR and loaded the tape. She returned to the sofa and picked up the
remote control. Turning on the wide-screen TV, and pressing 'play' on the video
control, the screen suddenly sprang to life with the opening credits of what was
obviously a pornographic movie.

Salma looked at Judy, "And this is the way I earned it."

Judy sat open-mouthed as she watched Salma on screen; she looked even more
stunning nude than she did dressed. But it wasn't Salma's beauty that shocked
her; it was what she was doing on screen. Judy watched, as Salma had been the
centre of attention from five men who had all cum over her face and boobs. 
Despite the contrived scene, the thought of being the object of lustful
attention excited Judy; her excitement turned to horror when the same five men
proceeded to piss over Salma as well, and she appeared to drink some of it! The
next scenes were even more depraved. Judy could hardly watch as the next
sequence showed Salma alone in a room with a large Alsatian dog, playing with
his cock, and then sucking it until the dog was spurting cum into her open
mouth. Judy looked over at Salma who appeared to be enjoying the scenes all over
again. She flashed back a smile at Judy.

Eventually Salma pushed the stop button on the VCR remote.

"Well?" she said, looking into Judy's shocked eyes.

"How could you bear to do that?" exclaimed Judy.

"S'easy, I just forget about the cameras and enjoy myself," Salma replied, as if
it were the most natural thing in the world.

"But with a dog?" said Judy, incredulously

"Let me tell you something, most of the dogs I've had are a damn sight cleaner
than half of the men I've had!" Salma answered. "And believe me, better lovers!"
"But, it's so...so..." Judy felt at a loss for words. "so... Disgusting. How can
you let men piss on you?" Judy asked her indignantly.

"Why not, you're a medical student, you should know that fresh pee is sterile if
the person doing it is healthy; and believe me, we're all tested very
regularly."

Judy had to admit to herself that Salma was correct, but even so....

"You know how much I made just from that one film that took two days to make?"

Salma asked.

"I wouldn't have a clue," Judy answered, honestly.

"Ten thousand quid, tax free."

Judy looked at her open-mouthed; that was more than her whole grant for a year.

Salma put the tape on again and Judy watched with horrified fascination. Salma
had featured in all of the various scenes in the tape, which consisted of
several sequences, each about fifteen minutes long. In the remaining scenes,
Salma had been fucked by the dog; been three-way fucked by a group consisting of
two lesbians with huge strap-ons, and one man with an absolutely enormous prick. 
In the final scene, the two lesbians had taken it in turns to piss in her mouth. 
The more Judy watched, the more she felt she was getting involved in something
way out of her depth.

Salma looked at Judy's drained face, pleased that she'd shocked her with her
little film show.

"Well, that's some of the stuff I do. Think you could handle it?" she asked,
casually.

Judy was torn. She'd been proud of how she'd coped in the world of porn so far. 
She hated to think that this Asian girl, who had dragged herself out of the
gutter, could do things she couldn't, but the idea of doing the things she'd
seen on the video revolted her.

"No," she finally admitted.

"I thought not," laughed Salma. "But then, as soon as I saw you I didn't think
you were going to be any competition."

Judy smiled wanly, inwardly seething at Salma's scornful laughter.

"But if you still want to make some money, Mike still wants you to be in the
video he's shooting next week. It's basically a lesbo Dom flick. The Dom forces
her slave to perform all sorts of bizarre acts. Mike's hoping that you'd be the
Dom and I'll do the slave bit," Salma explained.

As she talked, Salma opened an intricately carved wooden box on the coffee
table, and, taking out papers and weed, began building a joint with
well-practised ease. She looked levelly at Judy and continued.

"You won't have to do anything too heavy. All you have to do is shout at me and
order me around, maybe a bit of dominant lezzie stuff; but it's me that does all
the really pervy stuff with the dog."

Salma sparked up her joint and took a long draw of the pungent weed.

"Ah, that's good. So, what d'you reckon?" she asked, tilting her head back and
blowing an intoxicating plume of smoke into the air.

Judy was pleased that she didn't have to completely lose face.

"Sure, I could do that, I won a prize for acting at school," she said.

"Nobody's going to be looking for any Oscar winning performances in our sort of
movies believe me!" Salma laughed at Judy's naivet�.

She rolled her eyes and took another hit from her joint before offering it to
Judy. Judy didn't do drugs of any kind but felt it would be churlish to refuse
so she took the offered joint. Trying not to appear uncool she inhaled deeply,
just as she'd seen some friends do, and just managed to suppress a strong urge
to cough. Judy knew Salma was watching her reactions carefully, and she sucked
down another hit from the joint; the room started to feel a bit unstable. As a
non-smoker, Judy's tolerance to tobacco was very low, and the nicotine made her
feel dizzy; but as the THC in the drug started to react with her brain, she
found the dizziness amusing and suppressed a giggle.

Salma took the joint and finished it, stubbing out the roach in a black obsidian
ashtray. She refilled their glasses and handed Judy hers. Judy realised she was
already half drunk, and more than half stoned, but no longer cared. Salma
noticed that Judy's eyes were beginning to glaze and her body was relaxing more.

Salma grinned. Judy's natural air of superiority and her innocence were a
challenge to her. Salma rolled a second joint, adding a bit more of the
sensimilla than she'd put in the first one. She turned to Judy.

"Here you are, you can start this one."

She offered the joint to Judy with an inviting smile. Judy grinned back
foolishly.

"Okay, light me up," she giggled, putting the joint to her lips and waiting for
Salma to light the twisted end.

Salma gave her a light from an expensive gold lighter, and Judy sucked deeply,
filling her lungs with the harsh smoke. She held it in for seconds, allowing the
drug to be absorbed into her bloodstream before exhaling a long plume of smoke. 
Judy took several more hits before passing the joint to Salma. She was conscious
of her peripheral vision narrowing, and her fingers and toes were tingling, as
if she had lost the circulation in them. She felt hot so she picked up her
wineglass, drained the contents and asked for more. Salma refilled her glass, to
the top; and Judy took a deep gulp of the wine. She didn't notice the
calculating look in Salma's eyes as she watched Judy swilling the wine down her
throat as if it were water.

"You really think I could do movies then?" Judy slurred.

Salma turned to her with an unfathomable look in her deep dark eyes.

"Oh yes, you'll be just perfect," she answered with a certainty that puzzled
Judy.

The two women sat silently for some minutes, Salma finishing the joint, and Judy
finishing the wine.

"Let's watch another tape then," Judy suggested, to fill in the silence.

Even though she was now seriously stoned, and quite drunk, she still felt like
she wanted to know more about Salma's chosen profession.

"Okay, I'm going to the loo. I'll put on another tape when I get back," Salma
answered. "Don't go away!"

When Salma returned Judy was slumped on the sofa; vomit was all over the white
carpet, the front of the sofa, and all down Judy's blouse and faded denim jeans.

"Oh fuck, you stupid fuckin' bitch!" Salma hissed with venom.

She had underestimated the double effects of the alcohol and weed. Resisting the
urge to slap Judy hard around the face, she shook her by the shoulder.

"Hey, wake up, wake up," she said.

Judy's eyes opened, bleary and unfocused as she tried to understand what was
happening.

"Oh God, everything's spinning!" Judy moaned, wishing she could just curl up and
die. "I think I've been sick."

"Come on, wake up, you've made a real mess of yourself!" Salma told her.

Judy opened her eyes again.

"Oh shit, I'm sorry," she groaned, as she focused on the vomit down the front of
her clothes and on the sofa.

"You'd better get those things off and have a shower," Salma suggested. "Come
on, I'll help you."

Salma stripped off Judy's clothes in the living room. Judy was no help. 
Eventually she had the young girl in just her bra and panties and half carried
her upstairs. Salma lay Judy on the cool tiles of the bathroom floor. The girl
was practically unconscious, her arms and legs lay akimbo. Salma, still nicely
buzzing from the weed looked at Judy's helpless body. She studied the rise of
the pubic mound below the flat stomach, relishing the fact that in just a few
seconds she would be peeling down those panties and revealing her most intimate
parts. Judy's breasts were also delicious. They weren't as big as Salma's but
were firm and almost stood up without the need for the bra.

"My little girl," Salma whispered and unclasped and removed the bra.

Judy's nipples had risen to hard peaks in the cooler air of the bathroom. Her
breasts were delicious mounds of pale flesh. Salma could hardly contain herself. 
She kneeled beside the almost unconscious girl and gently peeled her panties off
her hips and down her thighs and legs then hooked them off over her ankles. 
Finally, Judy lay naked and exposed before her. Salma drank in the sight.

Salma ran a warm shower and managed to get Judy to stand under it. Judy was
moaning and leaning against the sides. Salma worked a lather of soap into a
sponge and slowly started to clean Judy, working her way over Judy's breasts,
down her flat stomach and into the soft fair hair of her pubic triangle. Salma
worked the sponge against the lips of her pouty little vagina but Judy seemed
unaware of what was happening to her. Salma then knelt, leisurely running the
sponge over Judy's thighs then up and behind on to cheeks of Judy's bottom. 
Salma didn't mind as the water cascaded off Judy's body and wet her own clothes.

Reluctantly Salma fetched a big soft bath towel.

"Come on Judy, out you get," she ordered briskly.

Judy collapsed out of the warm shower and Salma wrapped her in the towel. 
Leading her by the hand, she took the unsteady Judy to her bedroom and lay her
on the big, antique double bed.

Salma dried Judy's silky blonde hair before tucking her into the warmth and
comfort of the bed. Now, as she looked at Judy, Slama was once again struck by
her beauty, even with her face completely devoid of make-up. Salma tucked Judy's
hair back behind her head. With her hair back like that the effect was complete;
she looked like an innocent schoolgirl. Salma was aroused more than she
realised; it was all she could do not to touch the defenceless child lying
before her.

She sat on a chair, facing the bed, removed the tight black leggings she wore
and thrust a hand inside her panties. Her eyes never left Judy's face as she
frigged herself mercilessly, groaning and moaning at the touch of her fingers
and the need for release.

The chair she was sitting on was near the door so she kicked it open with her
foot and whistled for Khan. The big dog came leaping up the stairs at his
mistress' call while Salma stood and remove her black panties completely. When
Khan arrived she was sitting at the edge of the chair with her legs wide open. 
Khan was well trained and knew what his mistress desired....

As Khan lapped at her cunt, Salma rubbed her clitoris furiously with one hand
while mashing her breast the other. All the time her eyes were fixed on Judy's
sweet face and in her imagination she pictured not Khan, but Judy, willingly
kneeling naked between her legs, lapping at her cunt.

The image was too much. With one great shudder she came, pushing Khan's heavy
body away with her foot as she did so. She stood, walked to Judy then bent and
kissed her lightly before wiping some of her own juices on the girl's lips.

"You will be mine," she whispered to the sleeping form then started to remove
her clothes....




The Descent of Judy

Chapter 5. The morning after the night before

=================================

Judy awoke to the sensation of something brushing against her cheek. Judy
cracked open her eyes and immediately a ray of sunshine, from a gap in the
curtains, cut into her consciousness like a laser. What had touched her cheek?

She sat up, and, as the pain of a monumental hangover lanced through her
temples, immediately slumped back down onto the bed again. She winced as what
seemed like a thousand little men with hammers beat out a throbbing rhythm
inside her head.

"Awake at last, I see."

Judy looked to her side; even the movement of her head brought a fresh wave of
pounding. Salma lay next to her, propped up on one elbow, looking horribly
radiant. Salma had brushed her face but with what? Her hand, her hair, her
lips...?

"Oh god, what happened?" she asked, her memories flooding back even as she asked
the question.

Salma smiled.

"You weren't feeling too good," she explained with a sly smirk on her face. "But
I took good care of you."

Judy felt herself blushing as she pieced together the events of the previous
evening. How could she allow herself to get so drunk, so out of control? She
thought about the events of the evening. Things had been fine until she'd
started smoking the joints. Thinking back to when she'd been a
thirteen-year-old, she remembered how her first cigarette had made her dizzy,
and she'd been sick that time too. Judy had always thought she could handle her
drink, so it must have been the weed that had done the damage. What did Salma
think of her now? Judy could feel herself blush at the thought of what Salma's
opinion of her might be. That she had shamed herself in front of this woman was
so hard to come to terms with. For once in her life, Judy was very uncomfortably
aware that she was not the one in control of the situation; and it was pointless
trying to pretend that she was superior to the other woman, when she'd made such
a fool of herself.

"You look like you could do with some tea, and a couple of Paracetamol look like
a good idea too," Salma suggested as she pulled back the covers and climbed out
of the bed.

Judy was shocked to realise Salma was completely naked and as she walked
brazenly across the bedroom she made no attempt to cover herself. Judy could
only assume that having appeared in numerous porn movies Salma no longer had any
hang-ups about being naked around other people. Judy had of course seen plenty
of Salma's naked body on the video the night before, in rather more close-up
than she wanted to see, but the presence of the naked Asian girl in the room
with her was completely different. Judy wanted to turn her eyes from Salma's
body, but she was drawn by the girl's beauty. While looking at Salma's body Judy
noticed a tattoo on Salma's right buttock; it depicted a red devil holding a
pitchfork, and the words 'Prime Evil' under the small figure.

Salma noticed Judy's gaze.

"Like him? He's my little devil," Salma grinned.

Judy could only nod, and immediately regret the movement as a fresh bolt of pain
lanced through her temple.

Ten minutes later, Salma returned, still totally naked, with two big mugs of tea
and a large bottle of pills on a tray. Judy now received another surprise as she
saw that Salma's crotch was completely hairless, not just shaved, but devoid of
any trace of pubic hair. Her labia were neat and tidy in a discrete, almost
childlike vaginal opening. Judy swallowed and realised she was wondering what it
would be like to touch it. She suddenly felt very conscious of her own scrubby
little thatch. It had always annoyed her that, as a natural blonde, her own
pubic hair was sparse and didn't amount to much. Salma stood beside her with the
cup of tea, her cunt level with Judy's face.

"How did you get it so smooth?" was all Judy could say.

Salma looked down at her own pubic mound and smiled, "That's easy, I've waxed it
so many times that nothing grows there any more; same with the rest of me, even
my legs. I do get a little bit of downy hair, but it's so soft, it doesn't even
hurt when I wax it off these days," Salma explained, putting down the tray on
the bedside table.

"Here, feel," she said, thrusting her crotch further into Judy's face.

Judy's felt compelled to touch the smooth mound before she quickly pulled her
hand away like she'd been touched by a hot iron.

Salma smiled, "It won't bite you know..."

Judy again touched Salma's naked mons, this time gently running her fingers over
the soft smooth skin, finding not even a trace of stubble. She was surprised
that Salma really was completely hairless. Judy had expected to feel the
roughness that she remembered feeling every morning as a child when her dad
kissed her goodbye as he set off for work. He'd always been very particular
about his appearance, but his beard had always felt like sandpaper against her
cheek, even fresh from the razor. Thoughts of her father reminded her of how
much her parents would be horrified if they knew of her present predicament, and
the course of action she was about to embark upon would be quite beyond them.

Judy's thoughts were broken as Salma spoke to her again.

"I'll do you if you like...."

"Oh no, no, no thanks," Judy muttered, wishing she could go back to sleep, and
wake up without this thumping head. 'When are these bloody pills going to work?'
she thought to herself.

"Go on, I'll wax it off for you, it's much quicker. It takes ages to grow back
and it grows back really soft, so you can wax it off again even easier," Salma
suggested.

"Please Salma, I just want to die," Judy groaned.

But Salma pulled back the duvet and inspected her patch.

"It shouldn't be too bad for you, you haven't got much there anyway," Salma
shrugged.

Judy put her hands over her face to shut out the light.

"Oh, god!" she groaned, unable to cope any longer.

Salma continued, seemingly oblivious to Judy's pain, "I'm going to put a hot
towel on there first, to soften the skin and open the pores around your hair
follicles; and then give you a wax, it won't hurt; much."

While Judy continued to lie exposed on the bed, too feeble to even pull the
duvet back over herself, Salma had fussed around getting a bowl of hot scented
water and a flannel; and plugging in the waxing kit.

Salma enjoyed soaking Judy's mound. Forcibly she opened Judy's legs then knelt,
still naked between them. She told Judy to lift her hips, and slid a large
fluffy towel under the girl's buttocks. She had to push down quite hard on
Judy's thighs to keep the girl from curling up in a ball, but once she had
started, Judy lay quite still as she felt the relaxing warmth of the hot towel
on her pubic mound.

"Right, you relax for a few minutes, and then we'll put the wax on." Salma told
her, leaving the room. "I'm going to make some more tea."

Judy did as Salma suggested, and closed her eyes. Her head still throbbed from
the previous night's excesses, and the chance to shut out the light for a few
minutes was too good to pass up.

Minutes later she became alert again at the sound of a padding noise up the
stairs. To her horror, the dog, Khan, appeared at the doorway. Judy froze; a
childhood memory of being bitten by a Rottweiler had left her scared of all
dogs, big dogs in particular. She still had some very faint scars on her leg.

Khan stood in the doorway, surveying the scene in the bedroom. Judy lay rigid on
the bed, naked apart from the flannel protecting her modesty. She had no idea
what to do, whether to call out or hope he would leave of his own accord.

Khan padded softly to the end of the bed, sniffed at the bowl of hot water, and
then followed the trail to Judy's crotch. He put his front paws on the bed and,
to her absolute horror, buried his nose under the flannel, pushing it aside, and
into her crotch. His long tongue licked roughly at her tender skin. Judy gently
tried to close her legs to shut him out, but Khan let out a low, threatening
growl.

Judy very carefully relaxed her legs and allowed the huge brute to continue to
probe her depths with his long tongue. The feeling was not unpleasant but Judy
felt sick at what he was doing. She braved a call, "Salma, Salma!" but not too
loud.

Khan was tall enough for Judy to be able to see under his belly, and the fact
that he was now growing a huge bright red erection gave Judy a new reason to be
worried. In spite of herself, she looked as it got even larger. He was huge. The
idea that such a huge thing could be buried inside a woman filled her with
dread.

"Please, Salma, please come now!" she begged, louder this time.

And then suddenly Salma was in the room.

"Khan! Get off! Get off!" she ordered, grabbing the beast by his collar and
dragging his head away.

"Kitchen, NOW !" she shouted.

The dog looked mournfully at Salma and she repeated her command. He loped off
down the corridor and disappeared down the stairs. Judy was almost in tears.

"How can you stand having such a horrible thing around?" she asked between sobs.

Salma laughed, "He's a good boy really! He wouldn't have hurt you. I'm afraid
after appearing in a movie with me he's developed a taste for pussy. Stupid dog
thinks he's a man now! You just have to treat him like a man, tell him to fuck
off!"

"How could anyone do...do 'it' with an animal?" Judy asked vehemently.

"Don't knock it until you've tried it, as they say," Salma replied with a smile,

side-stepping Judy's accusation

"I don't care, I couldn't, I just couldn't," Judy told her emphatically, laying
back on the bed and closing her eyes.

Salma prepared the wax. Cracking open her eyes Judy could see her, witch-like,
stirring a miniature steaming caldron with a flat stick. Salma brought the pot
over to a stool that she'd placed at the foot of the bed. Judy tensed.

"Are you sure this is going to be okay?" she asked.

"Don't be such a baby," Salma said, grinning wickedly.

Salma dipped the stick into the hot liquid and dripped it onto Judy's sparsely
covered mound. The sensation was shocking, but Judy refused to cry out and give
Salma the satisfaction of seeing her fear. Salma coated her whole crotch with
the gluey liquid and spread it with the spatula. She then placed strips of
cotton bandage over all, making sure that the syrupy liquid soaked into the
strips.

"There, we'll leave it to set, then I'll pull it off," Salma told her. "Keep
your legs apart."

Judy obeyed, her pubic mound still burning from the sensation of the hot wax.

As Salma went to leave the room she begged her to keep Khan downstairs. Salma
just smiled.

Judy drifted off again and came round to see Salma once more kneeling between
her outstretched legs. Salma noticed with glee, that, even with the cotton
strips partly obscuring the view, Judy's cunt lips were still open and puffy,
and wet with Khan's slobber and her own emissions.

"Right, it's set. Ready?" she asked

"Yes, let's get it over with," Judy answered, angrily.

Salma gripped one of the cotton strips, and pulled it off in a single, rapid
motion. Judy felt a flash of quite horrendous pain, but even as she wanted to
cry out, Salma ripped another of the strips off. Judy sucked in a lungful of air
and the third strip came off. This time she could not stop herself crying out.

"Ow!" she cried. "You said it wouldn't hurt."

"Nearly done!" Salma replied, gleefully.

When she had finished, Salma held a hand mirror so that Judy could see herself. 
Judy propped herself up on her elbows and looked at the reflection in the
mirror; Judy was surprised at the sight of herself, surprised but also thrilled
by the look. She hid that from Salma by saying, "God, it's burning hot!"

Salma put down the mirror and walked over to her dressing table. She returned to
the bed with a tube of cream from which she squeezed a generous glob of some
pleasant smelling lotion.

"This will help, it's very soothing, and it's got Tea tree oil in it, so it's a
good antiseptic."

Salma gently smeared the sore flesh with the cream, carefully rubbing the balm
over her mons. It was very cooling, and for a moment Judy relaxed under Salma's
soothing ministrations with brief tingles of pleasure as Salma's hand brushed
against her more intimate parts.

"How's your head?" Salma asked when she had finished her work.

"A bit better. Look, I should be going, I've got some work to catch up on," Judy
said, looking at Salma.

"Fine, but there's just one small problem; I washed all your clothes last night
and they're still wet."

"Oh great!" Judy replied bitterly.

"It's not such a problem, You can borrow something of mine if we can find
something to fit you," Salma offered.

Judy felt she had no choice but to be further indebted to this woman.

"I suppose that'll have to do," Judy told her, ungraciously.

Judy sat on the Circle Line train, feeling really self-conscious in an
ultra-short white latex mini dress. 'God knows how Salma gets into this,' she
thought, feeling a bead of sweat trickle down the inside of her thigh in the
heat of the stuffy carriage.

The girls had gone through Salma's wardrobe, and found that the difference in
their sizes precluded virtually all of Salma's extensive collection. Judy had
been silently jealous of the range of top designer labels she'd seen. While she
didn't think much of Salma's taste in decor, she had to admit, the girl
certainly had an eye for fashion, even if most of her wardrobe was black. The
white latex mini dress stood out amongst the rows of black and it was the only
outfit that Judy could fit into, almost as though it had been waiting there for
her. As she dressed, Salma had tried to convince Judy that she should not wear
any underwear with such a dress as it showed, but Judy refused to budge on that
issue. Salma did insist that Judy wear heels with the skirt rather than her
sneakers and she had a white strapped pair with four-inch heels that fitted her. 
When she was dressed, Salma decided Judy needed one more thing to complete the
look. She went to her jewellery box then knelt before Judy and put a gold chain
round her ankle. Judy had protested that she didn't want to borrow jewellery but
Salma insisted it went with the look. Judy felt too tired to argue and too ill
to bend down and take it off.

Now, as she sat in the crowded tube train, Judy could feel her unfettered boobs
bouncing and jiggling in the thin rubber material as the train juddered and
swayed as it rushed through the tunnel. She was very aware that she was being
leered at by every man and looked over by every woman. Although Judy was blessed
with natural good looks, she never flaunted them and usually kept her body
hidden under the student 'uniform' of jeans and baggy sweatshirts. To be openly
leered at like this was a new sensation for her. She felt defenceless,
vulnerable, different.

Her memories of the previous evening kept reminding her that she'd really lost
control of herself; she had a vague recollection of being touched by Salma in
ways that she wasn't comfortable with. 'What was she doing with me in the
shower?' Judy wracked her brain for an answer, but apart from the vague idea
that it wasn't right, she couldn't bring it into focus.

Judy looked down to avoid the stares and saw the chain on her ankle and realised
for the first time that the chain was in fact a small identity bracelet. 'I
wonder if there's anything on it?' she thought, but realised that there was no
way she could bend down in the dress to look at it more closely. As it was, the
design of the dress was practically thrusting her boobs out over the top of the
neckline, and it was so short that she had to sit still lest the hem ride up and
expose her skimpy little panties.

As she teetered home on the high heels from the tube station, Judy continued to
reflect on the happenings of the past twenty-four hours. She tried to analyse
her feelings towards Salma; she was certainly in awe of her physically beauty
and Salma seemed completely amoral, with absolutely no compunctions about what
she did. Judy concluded that Salma would still do all the things she'd witnessed
on video, even if she didn't earn a penny for any of it. As she opened the door
to the house she thought, 'I'm going to make a movie with her, so what does that
make me?'

Thankfully the house was empty; her house-mates were at lectures, 'Which is
where,' Judy thought, 'I should be too.' She would have hated to try to explain
where she had been or what she had been doing.

Minute's later Judy sat on the loo, having a very satisfying pee. She kicked off
her panties and picked them up off the floor. Wiping herself on some toilet
tissue, she encountered her naked pussy, realising that it wasn't stinging any
more. Judy was curious to take a closer look at it.

The only full-length mirror in the student house was in the hall. Judy stood
before it; legs parted and slowly raised the hem of the mini-dress. She looked
in amazement as her smooth pussy came into view. It felt very cool and
sensitive, she was aware of the tiny draft coming under the door playing across
it. She reached down with her other hand and spread the lips of her labia a
little. How strange, yet how sexy it looked. Despite the remains of her hangover
she started to toy with herself a little.

Just then the door crashed open and in barged Janet, one of Judy's housemates. 
She obviously wasn't expecting anyone to be home either and came face to face
with the mini-skirted Judy who was trying to pull the hem down over her hairless
cunt.

They both looked at each other with shock and surprise. Janet was actually quite
a shy, awkward girl whose demeanour not helped by the fact that she tended
towards acne and had to wear glasses with lenses like the bottom of glass
bottles. She was more upset by the situation than Judy.

"What....what are you doing Judy?" she stammered. "You didn't come home last
night?"

Judy sighed. How on earth could she explain that she had been drinking
Champagne, smoking dope and watching hard-core videos with a gorgeous porn
actress? Or had thrown up on her sofa, spent the night naked in her bed with her
before having her pussy hair waxed and being squeezed into one of her dresses?

She had a sudden realisation that she was moving into a totally different world
than that of her fellow students, one they couldn't possibly comprehend. She
looked at the goggle-eyed Janet with impatience.

"None of your damned business!" she cursed and stormed off to her room.

Janet stood on the step, books in her hand, flabbergasted. She had never seen
Judy act like that in her life.

Judy sat on the bed in her room, fuming. She felt like Janet was judging her,
just like her parents always did and she did not want to be judged. Judy was too
tired to think anymore and took off the ridiculous heels ready to crawl into
bed. Unstrapping the heels she noticed the ankle bracelet again. Crouching on
the bed, Judy tried to remove it, but couldn't; the lock didn't seem to have any
catch that allowed it to be opened. She sat down and lifted her right leg,
bending forward, to take a closer look. There was a thin piece of gold with
writing on. Judy turned the metal in the light to read it. In neatly engraved
script was written:

"Property of Salma Farooq"




The Descent of Judy

Chapter 6. The video

===============

"What the hell is this place?" Judy asked as she looked out of the window of
Salma's Mercedes Sports. They had pulled up next to a long railway viaduct in
Clapham. The arches formed from the supporting pillars of the structure had been
converted into various businesses such as warehouses and garages. Judy imagined
that most of the villains in South London probably had lock-ups along these
arches, hiding all sorts of ill-gotten gains. She opened the passenger side
door, and nearly got her feet soaked as she just avoided a large muddy puddle in
the pockmarked surface of the road running along the side of the viaduct.

"Don't worry, looks can be deceiving." Salma said with a smile. She pulled the
passenger seat forward to let an impeccably behaved Khan out.

The two girls and the dog entered the converted archway through a small door in
the boarded front of the premises, and immediately, Judy saw that Salma had
spoken the truth. The interior was light and spacious, and had been made quite
comfortable. Along one wall, a number of movie sets had been laid out. Judy
could see that, with skillful camera work, anyone watching a video shot in here
would never know it hadn't been done in a real house.

Corrine greeted them, kissing Salma theatrically, ignoring Judy then kneeling
down to make a fuss of Khan.

"Hello boy! You're going to have some fun today, aren't you!" she said excitedly
as she patted the huge hound on his head.

Looking up at Judy and Salma, she became serious. "Okay ladies, let's get you
made up while the guys get the lights set up."

The filming had been going on for a couple of hours, and Mike wasn't happy. As
they all took a break he turned to Judy.

"Look love, you've got to be more forceful, so far, I've got about five minutes
of useable stuff. You've got to be more convincing as a Dom; just strutting
around in thigh length boots doesn't get it across that you're an evil perverted
bitch that is going to force an innocent Indian runaway to do all sorts of kinky
sex." he complained. "I'm not looking for Oscars here, but do try to get into
your role."

Judy knew that things hadn't been going well. Trying to order Salma around had
seemed so alien to her. "Okay, let's get on with it." Mike announced, putting
his empty tea mug on the tea tray.

They all walked back to the set, which was made to look like a bedroom.

"Remember Judy, think mean and nasty!" Mike admonished.

Mike now explained what he wanted. There was no script. Mike simply talked
through the scene then they did their best.

"Okay, I want to re-run that last scene, and Judy, when Salma's kneeling at your
feet, I want you raise your skirt then piss on her face. Tell her to drink it. 
Salma, you act like you are revolted, but Judy's going to slap you, and you're
going to act like you're really frightened so you open up and drink her piss,
okay?"

Judy looked confused.

"You mean, really piss on her?"

Mike looked exasperated, "What the fuck do you THINK I mean?"

"Surely you don't expect me to start peeing?"

"Yes, I fucking do. Our lovely audience will not be happy until they see your
golden tinkle splashing over our heroine's face, ok?"

"But, but I thought you used a special effect - water out of a squeezy bottle or
something?"

Corrine smirked. Mike stared, unbelieving.

"What do you think this is? Fucking Star Wars?" he exploded. "There are no
'special effects' in this video, just your lovely pee on Salma's sweet face. Get
it?"

Without waiting for an answer he turned and walked away, disgusted.

Judy and Salma returned to their positions on the set silently.

Salma knelt back on the carpet, and looked up with a convincingly scared look on
her face. Judy stood astride Salma's supine body with what she hoped was a Dom
sneer on her face and slowly raised her leather mini skirt to her hips. She
thrust her pelvis forward and, looking down on it desperately tried to pee, but
nothing would happen. She teased herself slightly, slipping her right hand
between her legs but to no avail. Years of solitary urination left her unable to
pee in public, let alone on Salma's upturned face.

"Oh for fuck's sake! Cut!" Mike eventually shouted. "This is going to take for
ever at this rate!" Corrine had a smug look on her face that said 'I told you
so.'

"What the fuck's wrong this time?" he asked Judy.

"I can't do it," she said simply.

"Oh yes you fucking can," he shouted. "You don't have any choice. This place is
costing me money every minute. We don't leave here without a film."

Judy felt trapped. She'd got in over her head and was now paying the price. Now
she felt as if she wanted the ground to open and swallow her whole. She bit the
inside of her lip as she forced herself not to cry.

Salma stood and put an arm around Judy, "Leave her alone Mike."

Mike stared at them both hard.

"Shouting won't help. There is another way out of this," Salma said calmly.

Both Mike and Judy looked at her closely.

"Let me play the Dom, then Judy won't have to pee, she'll just have to put up
with my pee in her face."

Judy was suddenly so grateful that there was a way out of this that she readily
agreed to Salma's proposition.

Mike saw that this was the only way out too. Salma was a natural Dom anyway.

"Alright," he agreed. "Let's take a ten minute break for costumes and make-up
then we'll shoot the whole thing from the top."

The filming went quicker. Judy was amazed how easily Salma and she slipped into
the Dom/Sub roles. Salma was a natural and the ferocity of her attack on Judy
initially surprised her.

Eventually they reached the crucial peeing scene and Judy watched as Salma
approached her. She had to admit that Salma looked so incredibly sexy in the
tiny leather miniskirt and thigh length boots; her big boobs bouncing as she
stalked toward Judy's kneeling, submissive form. Judy certainly didn't need to
act nervous for the camera, she was trembling with apprehension, and, she
suddenly realised, excited anticipation. Salma had no difficulties in simply
lifting up her skirt and immediately splashing warm urine over Judy's upturned
face. The sensation was not as unpleasant as Judy feared and she was even able
to open her mouth (at Mike's urging) to let some in and swill around her mouth.

"That's right, drink my piss you little slut!" Salma hissed as she grabbed a
fist full of Judy's hair and forced her face into her crotch.

Judy found that she was obeying Salma's imperious orders without even thinking
as she swallowed some of the hot salty urine that was gushing into her open
mouth. It was not hard to imagine herself as Salma's love-slave. The girl was so
naturally domineering that Judy found herself obeying without question. It was
somehow easier than thinking.

Suddenly Salma pushed her onto her back and knelt over her face. Salma's legs
pinned Judy to the floor and she ground her wet cunt against Judy's face. Judy
found herself licking Salma's soaking, hot smooth pussy, once again tasting the
urine. Judy wanted it all at that moment, lost in her own lust; unable to
satisfy that lust.

And then Salma was on top of her, kissing her with a passionate frenzy that
overwhelmed Judy. She licked at Judy's face, tasting her own piss as she locked
her thighs around Judy's right thigh; rubbing her burning cunt against Judy's
leg; selfishly working herself to orgasm.

"Fuckin' 'ell!" Mike exclaimed. "That's more like it; this is what the punters
want!" he continued.

"Okay, take a break girls," he called out.

Salma looked down at Judy with a big grin on her face. "See. It's not so
difficult after all, is it?"

Judy looked up into Salma's beautiful dark eyes, seeing the girl's amusement. 
She knew that Salma had enjoyed using her, dominating her and she wasn't
pretending for the camera. Judy blushed as she admitted to herself that she had
wanted Salma to make her cum so desperately she would have done anything for
her; would have done anything she asked, just to relieve this almost unbearable
desire that centred in her tingling loins.

The girls sat on some stools by the make-up table while the set was changed
around. Salma watched Judy over the rim of her tea mug. She could see that Judy
was still unsure of what was happening to her. 'Don't you worry my little
darling, I'm going to make you beg for more by the time we're finished with this
film,' she thought. Judy looked over at Salma and smiled nervously.

"At least he's not shouting at me any more." She inclined her head towards Mike,
who was explaining to the props man what he wanted done with the set.

"As long as we get this video done without any more hold ups, Mike will be fine,
remember, he's had to front up a lot of dosh for all this." Salma explained.

Salma put her mug down.

"Come on then, we'd best not keep him waiting," she said, taking Judy by the
hand.

Judy was nervous; as the plot required, Salma now had her bent over a chair, her
hands and thighs tied to the chair legs. The scene called for the dominant woman
to whip her victim with a belt. Now Judy waited as Salma stroked Judy's buttocks
with the belt.

"You fuckin' slut, you want it don't you?" Salma's voice was genuinely hoarse
with excitement.

"Yes please mistress," Judy answered; praying that Salma would go easy with the
leather belt.

"Beg for it you little cunt!" Salma snarled, playing her part to the hilt.

"Please mistress, please punish me; I'm such a slut," Judy choked out the words.

"Yes you are, you're a little slut, trying to fuck my dog; well, you'll get all
your wishes!" Salma told her; thrilled at Judy's reaction when she mentioned the
dog.

Again she brushed the belt over Judy's bum, making sure the edge of the belt
slid up Judy's hairless cunt. A cruel smile spread across Salma's beautiful face
as she saw the girl flinch from the touch of the belt. She brought her arm back,
and then swung the belt down. The broad leather smacking firmly against Judy's
bottom cheeks.

"Owww!" Judy cried out, more in surprise than pain, as Salma hadn't been too
rough. She could feel a stripe of heat across her backside that wasn't entirely
unpleasant. "Oh, more" she moaned, remembering what she'd been told to say.

"What? You want more? Don't you worry, you're going to get it!" Salma shouted
excitedly.

The belt came down again, this time it was harder, and made Judy cry out. Salma
ignored the protest and slashed again and again with the belt.

Judy felt as though her buttocks were on fire, but at the same time, her clit
throbbed with unsatisfied desire. She squeezed her thighs together, trying to
bring pressure to her clit, desperate for release. Not achieving her aim, Judy
parted her thighs and thrust her buttocks out as much as her restricted
movements would allow. Salma saw this movement and changed her aim, bringing the
belt down into the deep cleft on Judy's buttocks. The end of the belt whipped
into Judy's cunt, hitting her throbbing clitoris, and bringing an ecstasy of
pleasure and pain all in one.

"Oh God. Yessss!" she hissed in genuine delight as she discovered a new joy.

Salma brought the belt down again; this time aiming fairly into the wide gap
that had opened as Judy parted her knees as far as she could to allow maximum
exposure to her burning vagina. The two-inch wide leather smacked into the soft
flesh and Judy cried out as her orgasm exploded anew. Salma threw down the belt
and quickly turned to Corrine, who had crept up to the set out of Judy's view,
with Khan.

Seizing him by the collar, she led the huge dog to where Judy was still
straddled across the chair, her thighs still spread wide apart. The dog didn't
need any urging, and his tongue started to lap at the girl's wet distended
labia.

Judy was so far gone that she didn't care what was happening, the delicious
feelings racing through her body left her incapable of any rational thought, she
just didn't want the sensations to stop. Every nerve in her body seemed to be
transmitting pleasure to her brain, and she was oblivious to the source of this
pleasure. Suddenly, in this totally subservient position, unable to move she
found herself happy to give up all her independence to Salma. Salma's only
desire was to bring her pleasure and now her only desire was to please Salma. It
wasn't that Judy had suddenly discovered that she was a lesbian, it was more
that she suddenly realised she had always wanted a Mistress. Someone who would
tell her what to do. The relief of giving up her own free will was
overwhelmingly satisfying. She could stop thinking and just be who she was. 
Salma's slut.

Salma reached under Khan's body, finding his large, bright red cock already
swelling hugely. She slid the sheath back, exposing the full length of his
erection. Carefully she maneuvered the huge hound until he was stood over Judy,
his front paws on a footstool that Corrine had placed in position. Salma guided
Khan into Judy's hot wet cunt as he started hunching against the girl. The long
thick prick went straight up into Judy's ready hole, not even stopping as the
huge knot at its base stretched her wide. Khan's haunches worked vigorously as
he pumped into Judy, and his boiling spunk gushed into her depths.

Now that Judy had given herself to Salma she no longer cared that she was being
fucked by a dog. She was sore, her arse was burning, and her abused cunt was
stretched beyond anything she had ever imagined could be pleasurable; but she
was finally happy. She wanted it to go on forever. She squeezed the dog's
massive cock with the muscles of her vagina, holding the tennis ball sized knot
inside her...

Mike had finished filming half an hour earlier, and now, everyone on the set was
waiting for the dog's erection to shrink enough for him to withdraw. At one
point, he had managed to turn himself, stepping over Judy's back until the pair
of them were facing opposite directions. Judy had hardly moved, just lying
across the seat of the chair with a vacant, dreamy expression on her face as the
continuing sensations kept coursing through her. Salma had positioned herself in
front of Judy's face, achieving an intense orgasm of her own when Judy had
licked and bitten her clit. Now she stood with the rest of the group, watching
as Judy's body shivered with the feelings of pleasure she was still
experiencing.

"Fuckin' 'ell!" Mike exclaimed. "You've got her hooked on doggies now, haven't
you."

Salma just smiled.

"Not just doggies, Mike. She'll do anything I want by the time I've trained her
properly."

'Oh yes, my little girl, you're going to enjoy doing everything that I have in
store for you!' she thought to herself, a delicious tremble going through her
body at the prospect of her new slave.

Salma slipped a collar around Judy's neck and clipped on the leash. Judy looked
up at her, pathetically grateful. It no longer mattered that she was missing
lectures. She would not be returning to Medical School....

THE END

We hoped you enjoyed this story. We welcome comments. Please send Email to Sally
at 'Sally34@hotmail.com' or Rob at 'pierce01@globalnet.co.uk'. Remember to
mention the title of the story when you write.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sally


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





