BDSM Library - A Cheerleader Summer




A Cheerleader Summer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This mean and cruel cheerleader is finally under these two guys' control. Cheerleading will never be the same again u have been warned!
A Cheerleader Summer




A Cheerleader Summer, part 1

This happened several years ago back when my friend Tim and I were
both Juniors in High School. He had a 20-year-old sister who
looked as good or better than most Playboy girls; she had been a
cheerleader in High School and the prom Queen and a homecoming
Queen for a local college. She was 5'8" and high waisted, so she
had extremely long, legs. Her golden blonde hair was kind of wavy
and reached to her shoulder blades, and she had bright green eyes.
Tim once heard her brag to someone on the phone that her
measurements were 38-22-32.  She also had olive-tinged skin, so
she had a sort of permanent tan look.

Maybe you can understand why we would get obsessed with her
during the summer when she was usually wearing short shorts,
minis, cutoff tops, or her favorite bright yellow monokini and
other sexy swimsuits. We would take turns telling each other
really mean and nasty fantasies starring her. You know how often
you'll read about the centerfolds, and you read that they're as
sweet and wonderful as they look and so unpretentious? Well, Staci
was exactly the opposite - stuck-up, cruel, and insulting, and
that's why we mistreated her in our fantasies.

She would always put down Tim and make fun of him in front of her
friends. Other boys started picking on Tim, because Staci was such
a tease, and they wanted to score points with her. And girls
mostly ignored him. They wanted to stay on Staci's good side and
hang around with her, because that's where so many boys were.
Since I was his only friend, I got treated pretty much the same
way by her crowd. But when I'd moved here in sixth grade, I was
shy and all alone, and Tim had become my best friend. That was
before girls really mattered. But I always had fun with him, and I
wasn't going to be a traitor to him now.

The summer after our Junior year was especially bad. Staci was
back at home, and two of her friends from college were staying
with us all summer. They were cheerleaders at one of the large
Florida universities, so they were as popular as Staci and as mean
to Tim and me as she was. The night before everything started, Tim
and I had been on a double date with a couple of cute girls a year
older than we were. Staci ruined that by having some of her
boyfriends start a fight with us and two others leave with our
dates. The next day our Staci fantasies didn't even cheer us up
until Tim got the idea. He asked if we could borrow some of my
dad's video cameras. My dad was an amateur/semipro photographer
who tapes weddings and other special events for people. I knew
that he wouldn't mind if we were careful.

Tim said that Staci was at work that afternoon and that her
girlfriends had gone down to Galveston for the day and wouldn't be
home until dinnertime. I don't know why we never thought of this
sooner. We hid two cameras in the bushes outside Staci's room and
adjusted the curtains so that they had an unobstructed view.
Between the two of them, almost the whole room was covered.
We also adjusted the blinds of her bathroom so that there was a
little gap at the bottom, and we aimed a third camera through the
gap and at the shower. We were hoping to catch them each nude, and
our plan was to make copies to sell. As gorgeous as they were and
as much as they teased so many boys, we decided that we could
easily take orders for more than 50 tapes and charge $50 or even
$100 per tape. Besides, we hoped that having nude videos
circulating among all of the boys around would knock them off
their pedestals a little.

We were watching TV when Staci got home a little after 6:00. We'd
set timers on the cameras to start at 6:00, so we knew it must be
a good omen. Staci went into her bedroom. We heard the door lock
and the shower start shortly after that. No screams or anything -
another very good sign! The shower had been off for about ten
minutes when the other two got home. Tim told them that we were
going over to my house for dinner and to stay the night. The idea
was that they would be less inhibited if they knew we weren't
around. On the way to my house, we were talking about what we
would see and wondered if they'd invite some boys over so we could
videotape an orgy ... but we didn't really anticipate that.

The tapes were scheduled to run out about midnight, and we kept
checking the clock, awaiting that moment all night. About 12:30,
we snuck over to retrieve the tapes. The house was dark, and the
cameras were still where we'd left them. We were really excited by
what we knew must be on them, and we went back to my home and got
the tapes set up in dad's workshop. We were rewarded at the very
start as Staci walked into her room. She had on a short blue skirt
and a light, transparent blouse. She took off her top and her bra
and began playing with her spectacular breasts a little as she
walked to the closet. That already guaranteed this tape a spot on
the local hot list, and we were comparing her top with some famous
playmates. Then she really surprised us; you could see one of her
hands disappear and begin groping under her skirt. My heart
skipped a beat or two while I tried to remember how to breathe.

At the closet, Staci pulled down her skirt, hung it up and then
slid her panties down those long, luscious legs and into a laundry
basket. Then she faced the mirror and watched as her self-
pleasuring intensified. Our cameras had a rear view and kind of a
side view, and Staci blocked the mirror, but there was no question
what was going on. Abruptly, she stopped, slipped off her shoes
and headed to the shower. That camera captured her heading in, and
we fast-forwarded the three tapes to the point where she stepped
back out. She did just what we wanted her to - she stood on the
small rug outside the shower and toweled off, directly in the path
of our camera.

Then, she cocked her head, wrapped the towel around her body, and
headed to the other room. She opened the door, and the other two
walked in. As Staci began to close the door, Nikki yanked the
towel from her body, and Staci's body language screamed, trying to
get behind the door. The other two laughed, and we guessed that
they were telling Staci that Tim and I had left for the night. (We
would find out the next day when we retrieved the recorder and
microphone that we'd hid in the room to capture what all they
said.) Nikki and Jennifer each gave Staci's breasts a squeeze, and
they pulled their extra-large T-shirts off over their heads. Nikki
was standing there in a tiny, pink bikini, and Jennifer had on a
floral one, but they both stripped and headed for the shower.
Staci returned to the closet.

This was perfect; we had a private, nude tape of three of the
most sexy, gorgeous women we'd ever seen (in person or in
magazines). It almost made up for how rotten they'd been treating
us. But then it got better. Nikki and Jen stepped into the shower
together, and Staci got going in front of the mirror again. After
just a couple of minutes, she went to the bathroom and slid open
the sliding shower door. Nikki and Jen were kissing passionately.
Staci kind of pulled Nikki out and down between her legs, and Jen
followed her out and began kissing Staci. Without dwelling on all
of the details, they did the kinds of things that girls can do
with their tongues and fingers to each other ... right in front of
our camera! Then they went to Staci's bed to do it all again.

They never did bother to get dressed. They sat around and talked,
caressing each other. They turned on the stereo and danced, too.
They eventually left the room. After a couple of hours of tape had
passed, Jen came running into the room with Nikki and Staci
chasing her. They got her on the bed, and she and Nikki began
wrestling and tickling each other while Staci stood off to the
side and played with herself. Then Staci joined them on the bed
and  got them to lick her. (She always had to be in charge!)
Finally, Staci got up and turned out the lights.

Tim and I knew that we had a runaway bestseller here! We would
merge the tapes into one and combine it with the audio. We argued
how much to charge ($500 seemed appropriate to us but probably
wouldn't generate enough business), and we speculated what this
would do to Staci's Goddess Queen role.

The next morning (okay, afternoon, because we had been up late
and slept until past 1:00), we retrieved the audio tape from
Staci's bedroom. We were anxious to begin our editing, and we
really didn't care that much about the sound, but we wanted to get
it before Staci or her friends found it. We played it while we did
our editing. Most of it was just dirty talking or moaning, but
there were about thirty minutes, when they were lying around in
the bedroom talking, which were more important than the video!

During those thirty minutes, the girls ridiculed and insulted all
of the men who seemed stuck to them. They laughed so hard that it
we couldn't hear all of the comments, but the message was clear:
they thought that the men were only good for teasing and using to
get dinner and presents and for running errands; they also thought
that the only lovers worth anything were other women. Then they
tore into the other girls who were their friends - rating each
one of them and identifying each one's flaws, always comparing the
others to themselves as the top of the scale for physical
perfection. It was Tim who saw the potential in the tape and said
that he didn't want to sell it to anyone. I was confused until he
explained his plan, and then I was convinced.

We spent nearly a week merging and editing the four tapes, and we
ended with a little more than three hours of video. We set our
plan to begin on Saturday morning. We knew that Nikki and Jen were
going to visit San Antonio for the weekend. Tim's parents were out
of the country all summer, so we were set. We were watching TV at
about 10:30 in the morning when Staci came out of her room. She
was gorgeous. She had on a T-shirt that ended several inches above
the top of her tight blue jeans, and she was barefoot. Like
always, I wanted to wrap my arms around her and kiss her, but she
made some nasty comment about hating to start her day by seeing
garbage like us, and that reinforced my resolve towards our plan.

Tim told her that he wanted her to wear a skirt today and to go
take off her jeans. It kind of shocked her that Tim would try to
give her an order, and she swore at us as she walked off. Tim said
to wait, because he had something she should see. We began the
VCR; the tape was already forwarded to the scene of the three of
them in bed. I have to admit that Staci is very smart, and she
recognized immediately what was going on. She didn't say anything
as we played part of that scene and then forwarded to their frank
discussion about boys. Staci understood the significance of what
this tape would do to her status among her worshipers. Tim asked
if she wanted to see the whole three hour show, and she told him
no.

Tim ordered her again: "didn't I tell you to take those pants
off?" Staci stood up and tried to bargain with us. The
transformation was amazing to watch and was so sudden that it
could have given us a whiplash. Instead of the cold, nasty Staci,
she aimed all of her charm at us. "I get it. So I apologize for
being so mean to you - I didn't know how clever you really were.
And I promise to be nice to you from now on. And if I let you
order me around for the day, or how about the whole weekend to
make it even better, then you'll let me have the tape, right?" Her
voice carried the coy, teasing sense of promise that she used to
persuade her boyfriends to let her always have her way.

Tim shook his head harshly. "No, you don't understand. You're
going to follow all of our orders forever, and you never get the
tape, but all of your friends here and at school in Florida will
get a copy if you don't do what we say. Now this is my last
warning: take off the pants!"

She looked frightened for a moment, and then she slowly undid her
pants, peeled them down her legs, and stepped out of them. Her
tiny, bright red panties stood out and shined against her tanned
legs. We could see some of the lighter area normally covered by
her bikini and the top of her pubic hair.  "Satisfied?" she asked.
Her voice was regaining its natural tone of scorn towards us. She
turned around once; the panties did nothing to cover her fine ass,
and I wanted to go caress it.

Tim walked over to her. "No, I've changed my mind about you
wearing a skirt," and he pulled her panties down to the floor. She
kept her attitude of pride and arrogance as she just stepped out
of them and put her hands on her hips. "So is this how you've
decided to get a date?" she spitted. We didn't answer, but I got
up and walked over to her. Together we took off her top and her
bra. Staci's brashness seemed to melt as he clothes disappeared.
She was a tease no longer, but now a gorgeous, sexy woman ready to
do anything we commanded - make that a gorgeous, sexy, NUDE,
woman. Her magnificent breasts mesmerized us, and we began kissing
them.

We think that Staci was getting excited; she would say that it was
just an act. Either way, I know that we surprised her when we both
stopped, and I sat back down in the chair. Tim told her to go lie
across my lap. Now I know that Tim and Staci's parents never
spanked either of them, but Staci clearly understood our
intentions, and I saw a flash of panic on her face. She dropped to
her knees in front of Tim, begging him not to spank her ... that
she would do anything to avoid it. He reached down without saying
anything, took a handful of her hand, and slowly made her stand
back up. Then, he turned her around and gave her a little push in
my direction.

She was still begging wildly, and her hands had crept around to
cover her behind, but she kept walking towards me. When she got to
me, she looked into my eyes for help. I put my hands on her waist
and lowered her over my knees. I was astonished at how scared she
was of a spanking and how all of her defiance had vanished in the
face of this threat. Tim went to his room, and I began moving my
hand around and around on Staci's tight cheeks. I marvelled at how
they fit so nicely into the cup of my hand, at how smooth and soft
and tender they were. All the time, Staci was repeating "oh, that
feels good, don't stop, please don't hurt me." I was getting
hypnotized by her quiet pleas, the desire in her voice, and the
feel of her hot, sexy body on my lap and under my hands.

Suddenly, I began spanking her to break the spell. She wailed and
rolled off my lap. She sat on the floor in front of me, crying,
begging me to stop. I was captivated by the way her breasts
jiggled with each of her sobs. Tim had returned from his room, and
he took a picture of her there. "The lap or the tapes," he
reminded her. Still whimpering, she slowly climbed back onto my
lap. This time, I reached down so I could play with her breasts as
I rubbed her bottom a little, and then I resumed her spanking. She
kept trying to put her hands behind her to block my blows and to
rub away the sting, so Tim held her hands in front of her.

After her bottom was totally red and my hand was getting sore,
Tim sat and told her to lie across his lap. He was waving a hard
plastic ruler. That's when she broke down and abandoned any
remaining remnant of her superiority attitude. She knew that she
wasn't a Queen or a Goddess anymore but just a naughty girl who
was getting twenty years of punishment in a single sitting. She
realized that she couldn't bargain or tease or beg her way out of
anything; that tape made her into a slave.

She got on Tim's lap without any more orders or threats, but she
couldn't stop the flow of tears. Every whack from the ruler was
met by a fresh scream, and she began kicking her legs. I kneeled
down, got ahold of each of her legs and clamped each of her knees
on a shoulder - with my head between her thighs. I was very
satisfied with my view!

When Tim finished, he had Staci stand up so he could take
pictures of her from the front and back. She didn't bother to
argue; her attitude and her dignity were gone. We ordered her to
stop bawling and to do the oral sex thing on each of us. I didn't
have anything to compare it with at the time, but I was certain
that she was giving us everything she had to satisfy us so we
would stop punishing us. We had her take a shower (while we
watched), and we let her put on her makeup and jewelry but not any
of her clothes. For the rest of the day, we had her clean around
the house and get things for us. That night, I had sex with her -
Tim didn't want to go that far with his own sister. This was
quickly making up for the years of mistreatment that we'd had.

We kept Staci nude again Sunday morning, until we decided to use
one of my recurring fantasies of playing doll with her. She was
the doll. Boys were always giving her sexy lingerie as presents,
hoping that she would wear it for them (in their dreams!), but
Staci kept it and had drawers full of it. We got it all out and
had a fashion show. Tim and I would dress her in an outfit, and
she would walk around and model it for us. I had just removed her
transparent body suit (Tim got to dress her, I got to undress
her), and she was standing there nude, waiting for the next item.

Tim chose the next item from the pile - some emerald green,
crotchless panties, and he put them on her. He paused, then asked
her to show us how she plays with herself so that we could learn
to do it the way she likes it. This really embarrassed Staci, but
she was now in the habit of obeying our demands. She started
slowly, and then her free hand began pinching her nipples as she
got going. Tim and I took over after a little while, and I believe
she was having as much fun as we were.

After that, Staci and I got in the jacuzzi together, and I soaped
her all over, washed her off, and then had her suck on me again.
We spent the rest of the day on the couch kissing and me fondling
her. I had her put on a denim miniskirt so that she could cover
her bruises when her friends got home, but I kept it bunched up at
her waist until then. Tim had gone off to the craft store to get
some things to prepare for tonight, but now he was just watching
us. He was enjoying seeing his sister having to act slutty instead
of arrogant and condescending. Besides, he knew that his fun would
be arriving later.

When Nikki and Jen got home, they knew immediately that something
strange had happened while they were away; Staci was making out
and showing off with the two most contemptible boys on her list.
We'd given Staci the plan for the night, and she told Nikki and
Jen to sit down, because we had something that they needed to see.
We restarted the tape at the same place as the day before. Nikki
screamed as soon she saw their three luscious bodies frolicking on
the bed, and she stood up like she was going to attack one of us,
but Staci shouted for her to sit down and watch. We played the
same scenes as before.

These two weren't as sharp as Staci and didn't get it right away.
They were furious at us for taping them and demanded the tape.
Nikki was swearing at us, and Jen started to stomp out of the
room. It was Staci who got them to calm down and see the
predicament that they were in. We told them to undress. Jen
started right away with some comment about how everyone's always
after her body but that she never had imagined that she'd be
showing it to a couple of nerds. (She still didn't perceive what
they were in for.)

In the time it took for Jen to completely strip, Nikki had just
gotten her shirt off. I went over to help her with her bra, and
she jerked away from me and continued on her own, glaring at me
the whole time. Tim was kissing Jen and rubbing her body, and
Nikki was down to her highcut, turquoise, mesh panties. I started
playing with her breasts, and we kissed. As I rolled her panties
down below her bottom, she grabbed me tighter and french kissed
me. They thought that they knew our plans and that this would
satisfy us and earn them the tape.

Tim and I drew back and said that they had to wait, that there
would be time for this after they were punished for being so
rotten here so far. They looked confused until Staci pulled down
her skirt to stand naked and show them her marks. That worried
them. We told them that they didn't deserve as much punishment as
Staci and that we wouldn't hurt them (but Tim and I had agreed
that we needed to do something to give them the same slave
attitude that Staci had now). That relieved them but confused them
more. I led all five of us into Staci's bedroom. Tim got the twine
he'd bought and told them to lie down, face up and side-by-side,
on Staci's queen-size bed. Tim tied all four of their wrists to
the headboard, and I tied their outer legs to the bed's legs. I
tied their two inner legs together at the ankles.

It was beautiful to see those two ravishing young bodies lying
there helpless and nude. Each of them was a breathtaking knockout
worthy of endless dreams and fantasies, but I also still felt that
neither of them could enchant me the way that Staci's hard body,
lush curves, and sensual nature could.

We took lotion and rubbed it all over their bodies. They were
starting to twitch in uncomfortable delight, and I suspect that
they thought that they were going to enjoy this punishment. We
concluded by rubbing them the way that Staci had taught us to play
with her earlier that day. We could see how excited they were
getting, and that's when we stopped. They both cried out for us to
finish. I took some pictures of them like that while Tim left the
room and returned with his purchase from the craft store: three
long feathers. Tim and I took the feathers and began tickling the
defenseless girls. We tickled them under the chin and underarms,
along the ribs, up and down their legs and thighs, and especially
all of their most intimate and sensitive spots.

They laughed so hard that they were crying, and we stopped
several times so that they could catch their breath. They kept
pleading with us to let them go, apologizing for acting cruel,
promising to let us treat them any way we wanted - just like
Staci. We warned them that they had to do anything we told them to
do, without question or delay, or that they'd get a worse
punishment next time. They agreed, and we untied their wrists. As
Tim untied Jen and I released Nikki, they each hugged us tightly
and kissed us passionately. Nikki leaned back, pushed my mouth to
her breasts with one hand and, with her other hand, led my fingers
back between her thighs. I saw Tim free Jen's ankles and go off
with her to his room. Nikki and I had sex there on Staci's bed,
and I spied her spread in front of her closet mirror and playing
with herself.

Later, I sent Nikki over to Tim's room so she could demonstrate
all of her gratitude to him. I had my own wonderfully erotic and
desireable slave whose breasts I wanted to taste again before I
fell asleep. I called Staci, and she climbed into bed with me and
cuddled me while I petted her. We continued our kissing that had
been interrupted when Jen and Nikki had come home. This day had
been more phenomenal than even my most glorious dreams. I remember
falling asleep with a hand cupping her lovely bottom while has
soft breasts rested against me and a long leg curled around me.

The rest of the summer was spent with these girls fulfilling our
desires and fantasies, and I'll just repeat some of the more
remarkable events that we had together.

On the Tuesday after the first weekend, Tim and I had spent much
of the day at a comic book convention and then playing on my
computer; his tape was missing, and so were the girls. We had made 5
copies of the tape. 1 for him, 1 for me, and three that we put into a safety
deposit box with the originals.

I brought my tape over and we started it in the VCR. We could
hear the girls laughing as they approached the door about an hour
later; they'd been out drinking. They came in and were calling for
us, asking if we'd lost anything, insulting us - until they got
to the living room and saw what we were watching. They sobered up
very quickly! Nikki swore. I said "you know what you have to do,
don't you?" Staci began stripping as fast as she could; Jen took
the cue and did the same, but Nikki scowled at me and said
sarcastically "no, why don't you tell us, Master." I walked up to
her and stared in her eyes. "They're doing fine, but don't you
even think about moving until I tell you to." I reached up her
mini-skirt, grabbed her panties, and pulled them halfway down her
thighs.

Staci and Jen were standing nude, off to the side. Tim was playing
with their breasts and telling them to be patient. (We had planned their
punishement while waiting for them, but this was an unexpected wrinkle.)
I told Nikki "I've noticed that you're always the last one to get undressed.
Maybe these clothes aren't any good," and I cut up the panties and tossed
them into a corner.She was wearing a thin, pink blouse; I pulled it out
from the skirt and cut it up the front and back into two parts and stripped
it from her body.

I slipped one blade of the scissors under the bra and held it
still so both of her breasts could press against the cold metal. I
saw a shiver run through her body. I snipped the elastic, and her
breasts burst out. Then I cut through the elastic on her shoulders
and threw away the bra, too. "See, it should be easy for you to
get undressed.  I like this skirt too much to cut it, so hold it up for me
as high as you can. You have such a cute body that I hate it to be
covered." She followed my orders, and I separated her legs so that
I could caress up and down her thighs. Then I walked slightly
behind her and started squeezing her ass so she wouldn't
anticipate what was about to happen.

I took the ruler and smacked her as hard as I could. She gasped,
let go of the skirt, and whirled around in one move. "Turn around
and get that skirt back up," I demanded. "There's a penalty for
being last and being uncooperative." I thought that she was going
to argue, but I could see her trying to hold back the tears; all
of her fight had left her. She did what I said, and I smacked her
other cheek hard, too. She shook but wasn't crying. "All right, go
stand with the others."

"Do you want me to take my skirt off?" she asked.
"You have to always do what you think we want you to do.
Otherwise, you keep getting punished."

She pulled her skirt off and went to stand next to Jen and Staci.
I could tell that she'd finally given in.

Tim started telling them that what made us upset was that they
had thought that we were so stupid that we would only have one
copy of the tape and that we would leave it lying around where
they could get it. He got to where he was shouting at them, waving
his arms and asking if that's what they really thought of us. Of
course, the girls weren't going to say anything. They just kind of
cringed, unsure of what punishment to expect.

I stepped towards them. "We think that only the guilty one of you
should be punished. Tell us whose idea it was, who was in charge."
They all just kind of looked down at the floor. "Fine, we'll just
have to help you remember." I went up to Nikki and asked her
"Nikki, who stole the tape." She didn't answer, so I told her to
bend over, to grab her ankles, and to spread her legs a little.
Her breathing sped up a little, but she did it. I whacked her five
times, hard. By then, she had lost her battle to keep back the
tears.

I moved on to Jen. "Your turn, Jen, who did it?"  I pressed the
ruler against her bottom and started pushing on her back to bend
her over. She cried "It was Staci! She did it! Please don't paddle
me!"

"You little liar!" Staci shouted.

I told Jen that since they couldn't agree, we would have to
continue working on their memories. I pushed on her back again,
and she was getting slightly hysterical, begging us to believe her
and to let her do anything else for us but not to spank her,
because she'd never been spanked in her life. I was firm and told
her to bend over, because she was going to get her five swats, but
we would only count the ones while she was bent over. She got in
the position but kept screaming "I hate you Staci! I hate you!"
between her sobs. I tried to take it a little easier on her.

Then it was Staci's turn. "Come on, Staci, who did it?" She just
stood there and shivered. I gave the ruler to Tim, and he gave her
the spanking.

I went back to Nikki and asked her if she was remembering
anything, and I patted her bottom. She swore at Staci and told her
to admit it; Staci was crying but didn't answer, so I gave Nikki
five more. I was enjoying making her squirm.

Jen was on her knees when I came up to her. "We can keep doing
this all night until you agree on who's guilty, and then we'll
start the real punishment." Jen let out a deep sob and leaned back
until she was lying on her back, her knees sticking up in the air.
"Please, no more," she implored us. "Can't you do something else?"

I looked over at Staci. "Come on, Staci, do you like torturing
your friends like this? Tell us the truth." She kind of sank to
her knees and curled up. Faintly, we heard her say "it was me." I
told Jen and Nikki to get up, and we ordered them to punish Staci
for us. We warned them, though, that if they didn't do a good
enough job, we would have to punish Staci and them, too.

They descended upon Staci with such fury  that I don't think we
even needed to add that last warning. They were much more savage
than Tim and I would have been: spanking her, yanking hair,
pinching, pulling and twisting her breasts, and more. I left the
room. After they left Staci tied up in the shower, Jen came and
spent the night with me.




A Cheerleader Summer, part 2

I got up early the next morning to release Staci. I got in the
shower with her and helped to clean her off. Sure, we wanted her
compliant, but I didn't want her to lose the mystique that made
her more special that anyone else. She didn't want to let go of
me, and she kissed me all over my body. That morning is what I
remember as the best sex of the summer. After awhile, we dried off
and moved to her bed. She still kept holding on to me; she kept
her body tightly against mine, and I felt her finally relax while
I kept caressing her back and her ass.

For thest rest of that day, we had Jen and Nikki make up to
Staci. We didn't want any lingering hostilities (and it was fun to
watch the three of them in bed). By the end of that day,
everything seemed forgiven among them again.

The girls had only been our slaves for about a couple of weeks
when we were going into a store one day. Of course, they all had
on real short skirts and looked gorgeous. As we went in, a plain-
looking boy about our age was obviously staring at them. Nikki
made some nasty comment loud enough for him and the rest of the
people around us to hear - something like "Don't even think it; I
don't need nerds like you looking at me!" The other two kind of
giggled. Although she acted deferential enough to me and Tim, she
was twice as cruel to everyone else. It really got to me right
there, because I had been kind of in his spot just earlier this
summer. I called for him to wait and told Nikki to apologize to
him. She did, but it was very sarcastic, and that made me even
more upset.

I told the boy that we were trying to teach Nikki to be polite
and would he help by punishing her. He looked confused; so did
Nikki. He said that he didn't think he should. I told Nikki to
convince him that he should spank her, or else Tim and I would go
home and do it. That scared her enough to sincerely plead with the
boy to punish her. There were people all around us, so she was
practically whispering. He still wasn't convinced, so I told Nikki
to pull up her skirt and turn around for him.

Nikki was wearing a white tube dress, extremely clingy and just
below her ass. I'd seen how Tim had dressed her, too: no bra and
flesh-colored thong panties. She turned bright red in horror and
looked at Tim, hoping that he would give her a reprieve, but Tim
and I had agreed weeks ago not to interfere with each other during
scenes like these. She knew that she really didn't have any
choice, and she hiked up her dress. I was certain that this would
convince him; Nikki probably had the best looking bottom of all
three girls, one that you just couldn't resist.

He agreed - vigorously enthusiastic, and I quietly told him to
follow me. A crowd had begun to gather to watch Nikki's show, so
we began walking across the parking lot. At the far end, I stopped
between two vans but where there was enough space for us, and I
told Nikki to give him her panties. "Please, do I have to?" she
asked. "You saw they don't cover anything, they won't be in his
way."

"Yes," I told her, "but I'm tired of how mean you act to people
like him, and I think he deserves this payment from you. I want
you to remember it next time you're tempted to mouth off to
someone." She reached under her dress, pulled down her panties,
stepped out of them, and handed them to the boy. "Now, your
dress."

"I can't do that here!" she whispered violently.

"Okay," I told her, "your choice. We can either do a short
session here or we can all go back home for a long one."

She paused for just a moment, considering the humiliation versus
the pain and then began slowly lifting up her dress. I could see
her shaking. I also suspect that the punisher enjoyed this slow,
embarressed strip as much as the spanking. We left the dress lying
at her feet, and I had her bend over and spread a little. He
didn't take it easy on her, and I also noticed that his hand
lingered on her ass after each swat.

After twenty, I had him stop, thanked him, and sent him away
(with Nikki's panties as a souvenier). Normally, Nikki is the
loudest screamer when we punish her, but this time all she had
done was whimpered. When she stood up and dressed again, I saw
that she was still crying profusely. I wasn't sure if it was
because of her burning bottom or the degrading display. Either
way, I never saw her mistreat a stranger again.

Throughout the summer there were two events that we often had the
girls do for us. It was probably our favorite thing (next to the
sex). We would have them do cheerleading routines in the nude.
Sometimes, what would be even more exciting would be to have them
do their routines in nothing but their short, cheerleader skirts.
It was fun to see the jiggling T&A show. And when they had on the
skirts, it made the jumps especially exciting because of the nude
flashes. We got to tape them doing lots of nude cheers that
summer!

One evening around dinnertime, we ordered a couple of pizzas and
realized that we were $2 short. Tim had an idea. He dressed the
girls in sexy outfits, and everyone except Jen waited in another
room when the pizza guy rang the doorbell. She had him bring in
the pizzas while she told him how cute he was and asked for a kiss
(he gave her more than one). Then, she called Nikki and Staci into
the room and offered to make a deal. If he would give the pizzas
to them, they would all take off their skirts to show him their
panties. And, if he would give them a bottle of wine (at least
$10), he could choose one of them to dance for him and undress
completely. He agreed, of course, and they all removed their
skirts. I thought that Jen did it especially sensually, and she
even rolled down the top of her panties a little for him. When he
returned with the wine, he asked Jen to dance for him. She put on
a fantastic show, and he left satisfied.

Earlier that week, we had talked about spending a weekend in New
Orleans. Now, we had the idea tof earning some extra money for the
trip by making the girls compete on amateur nights at the topless
bars. They resisted, naturally, but we demanded it, and we went to
one far away to where no one would recognize them. They were all
very nervous, but they got some ideas by watching the regulars.
Looks-wise, they completely outclassed everyone there. Staci won
first, Nikki was second, and they also earned $95 in tips. The
surprising thing, though, was how excited Jennifer was by the end
of the night. By the end of the contest, she was really turned on
(maybe by watching the other women as much as performing for
strangers).

We had them compete on two more nights, and both times, Jen won
and Staci was second. Jen was really getting into stripping, and
her enthusiasm made her a crowd favorite. Tim and I had them
practicing their strip shows at home (and we added them to our
tape collection), and it always turned on Jen the most; she
couldn't help but finger herself while the other two danced and
sometimes while she was dancing herself.

Even after we stopped making them compete, Jen still would take
us to the topless clubs every week or two. The manager would let
her into the rotation and let her do lap dances. Since Nikki and
Staci didn't want to dance, we made them come along in short
skirts with nothing underneath, and Tim and I would keep them on
edge with our hands up their skirts while we all watched. The
first time that we all did this, Jen was watching a short, large-
breasted blonde named "Sunshine" most of the night (her real name
was Ashley). Ashley said that she couldn't do a lap dance for
another girl there at the club, so Jen paid for her to dance for
me while she watched closely. Jen also invited her to the house so
she could teach Jen how to give better lap dances. That was a hot
morning, with Ashley demonstrating to Jen, and Jen trying to do
one better, and both of them practicing on me and Tim, and they
were totally nude. Nikki was off at the side (also nude) and
masturbating the whole time. Staci was at work, so she missed out,
but Ashley ended up in bed with each of the rest of us (twice with
Jen).

Another night, late summer, the girls invited four or five other
girls over for a slumber party. My parents had gone to a
conference in Dallas for the week, and Tim and I went to my house
for the night. The girls were planning to play strip poker, and we
Staci had helped us to hide the cameras earlier that evening. This
was one of those games where after you lost your clothes, you had
to bet your body, and if you lost again, you became the winner's
slave for the rest of the night. Well, we had a call from Nikki
that Debbye and Jordan were on their way over, and she asked us to
give them a rough time.

They arrived, both wearing short skirts and tight blouses. Debbye
is a vivacious blonde with fantastic legs, and Jordan is a sultry
brunette with a cute face and bewitching figure. We asked them why
they were there. Jordan explained that they had been playing strip
poker and that Nikki had won them and sent them over. We were
supposed to choose which of them was the most seductive and to
give the loser a full punishment.

Tim pressed them: "why would Nikki do that to you?"  We learned
that Jennifer had been an early loser to Deb, then Jordan had lost
her to Deb, and they had made her do some very humiliating things.
So after Nikki had won both of them, she asked Jen what to do, and
this had been Jen's suggestion.

"What did you make her do," we asked. Things like cleaning out a
car while nude, knocking on a neighbor's door in bra and panties
and asking if he could give her a battery for her vibrator, and
then playing with herself, nude, in the hammock on the back patio,
they told us.

We had them sit down while we got some things to punish the
loser. We built a collection of all types of things: ping-pong
paddles, rulers, rope, knitting needles and pins, matches,
clothespins, potato peeler, ... anything. What they didn't know
was that it was all just for show to scare them, and it worked;
Jordan's voice was quivering, and Debbye looked a little pale. We
explained that if Nikki and Jen had sent them to us, then the two
in front of us must have been extremely mean to Jen, and we would
avenge her appropriately.

We asked Deb to start by showing Tim how seductive she was, and
she did a sexy stroll for him and lifted her skirt a little at the
end. I asked Jordan if she could do better, and she ended her act
by flashing her panties, too, but then getting in my lap and
french kissing me. Deb's turn was a kiss with Tim's hand on her
breasts. Jordan went further by taking off her top for me while we
kissed. Deb did the same, and her skirt, and Jordan took it all
off. Neither one dared to be the least seductive, and it wasn't
long before they had each "seduced" us all of the way.

Tim was still massaging Deb's breasts when I rolled off of Jordan,
and he asked me how I voted. We agreed that, obviously, they were
both very seductive, though not as seductive as Jennifer. We also
agreed they couldn't both escape the punishment, but it seemed
like a tie to us. The girls began to protest that we couldn't
torture both of them, and we agreed with them. We said that since
we were going to punish them both, we would only use the paddles
on them.

You could see the relief in their eyes, and I turned away so they
wouldn't see me smile. This had been the original plan! After
their long spanking session, I doubt that they still felt
relieved. Our intent was to make sure that the girls would still
have very red bottoms to show their poker buddies.

When we told them that they could leave, they reached for the
clothes, and we stopped them. They had given us their clothes,
being seductive, and we intended to keep them. The girls whined,
and we gave them another dozen swats for arguing with us. Then I
made them an offer. I said that I'd find something to cover the
bottom of one of them, but they'd have to fight over it. Debbye
had a confused look on her face, but Jordan understood. She
grabbed a handful of Debbye's hair in each hand and tried to tug
her to the floor. Debbye was screaming, and her waving arms found
Debbye's breasts and began squeezing them. Jordan screamed and
pushed Deb away. They both were panting and then rushed at each
other and began the tit-twisting again. Jordan couldn't take it
and immediately tried to get away, but Deb wouldn't let go. Jordan
dropped to the floor and rolled over, face down, to protect her
breasts. Deb got on top of her, took a savage bite out of her ass,
and begain flailing Jordan's bruised bottom.

Finally, Deb finished by rolling her over, sitting over her face, and making
Jordan lick her. What was most amazing about that pair was that as
viciously as they always fought, they were also passionate lovers. To skip
ahead a little, the next year in school, because of the hidden camera at the
poker party and the one at our house that night, these two were forced to
become Tim's next set of slaves - all three always had a wonderful time
in bed together, but the two girls were constantly looking for ways to
embarrass the other or get on Tim's good side so he would let her
help punish the other one.

My Senior year plan developed differently. A couple of weeks
before school began again, Melissa started calling me. Melissa was
in my class, and I'd seen her at little during the summer, because
she was also a friend of Staci's (what cute girl wasn't?). Mel was
also on the cheerleading squad, and her body was proportionately
pleasing the same way that Staci's was except that Melissa was
about five or six inches shorter with wavy, dark hair and a dark
complexion. She would call just to talk, but I got the impression
that she was impressed with the way I treated my girlfriend (in
public), how satisfied, happy, and devoted Staci was to me, and
she knew that Staci would be returning to Florida soon. She let me
know that she understood that Staci was my girlfriend but that she
was available while Staci was away.

She always asked what my family was doing, and one afternoon, I
told her that my parents were going to be at a meeting that night.
She asked if she could come over for kind of a date. I had a good
idea of what to expect, so I also invited Staci and  had her
hiding in another room. When the bell rang and I opened the door,
there stood Mel, completely nude; her clothes were in a heap at
her feet. She bounced into the room,  into my arms, and began
kissing me and pulling off my shirt. Melissa's body was as
sensational as I'd imagined, and the surprise to me was that she
was shaved (in the back of my mind, I was wondering how Staci
would look like that). In no time, I was sucking a nipple and had
a couple of fingers in her - that's when Staci came into the
room. Mel tensed up immediately. Staci didn't say anything, but
she came over and replaced my fingers with her mouth. Until then,
Mel says that she hadn't even realized that Staci was nude, too.
Melissa also told us that later that she had never been interested
in girls before, so she momentarily felt panicky when Staci began
licking her, but Staci has an expert tongue, and Mel's fiery body
was already too desire-filled to complain. So for that final week
of summer, Melissa joined me and Staci just about every evening,
and it got to where Mel enjoyed sex with Staci as much as with me.

The Sunday that Staci was going back to Florida, I went over to
her house in the morning. Tim said that she was still in her room,
so I snuck in. She wasn't asleep. She was in bed crying. She
hugged me when she saw me and told me that she didn't want to
leave, how she had hated me more than ever after the videotape prank,
but now she loved me.She said no boyfriend had ever treated her so well
(despite my harsh punishments, I had always worshiped her so tried to
be fair) or had been such a good lover (the others, she says, always
resented her girlfriend lovers). She was scared that when she
returned to college, I would have Melissa and forget about her.

I tried to reassure her by reminding her that I had always loved
her and that I always continue to love her. I agreed that Melissa
was sexy but that she could never be more than a weak substitute
for Staci. Staci's body was so much more awesome, her personality
was more fun, and she was sweeter, more passionate, smarter, and
more tender than Mel could ever be. We had a very passionate
morning and early afternoon before she left; I still believe that
she was determined to secure her number one position in my heart
before she had to leave.

Throughout my Senior year, we called each other regularly. Staci
told me about her girlfriends (she was sharing an apartment with
Jen, Nikki, and another girl named Brooke). I would tell her about
the things I was doing with Mel. We vowed to resume our affair in
the summer, and we had an imaginative phone sex life until then.

My sex life with Melissa was going great, but she kept hinting
that she was missing Staci, too. At the start of the second
semester, a new girl transferred to our school. Shannon was tall
with a very nice figure and great legs - from what I could tell
in her tight jeans. Melissa told me that Shannon had kind of small
but very nice-looking breasts. Mel had a gym class last period,
and Shannon wanted to try out as a diver for the Olympics some
day, and she would come during the last period and practice. Mel
got to see her change into her swimsuit almost every day in the
locker room, and she kept imagining that Shannon kept looking at
her, too. Shannon was a year younger than us, but she was
graduating a year early, and, as luck had it, Mel discovered that
she had a scholarship to Staci's school.

Melissa invited her to have dinner with us, letting her know
about my friends from that college. Mel chose a night when her
parents were on some type of retreat, and she cooked for the two
of us. We had wine after dinner, and we were all feeling loose
when Mel got us starting to talk about movie stars and who looked
the best. From there, she told Shannon how much she admired her
legs. Shannon protested that Melissa's looked just as good, and
Mel asked me to judge. I said it wasn't fair, since I'd seen hers
but only seen Shannon in jeans.

Melissa ordered Shannon to take off her jeans so I could compare
their legs, and she pulled hers off. Shannon blushed a little but
stood up and turned to face away from me, because as she yanked
down her tight jeans, her tiny pink panties started to come down
with them. She pulled them back up, stepped out of her jeans, and
turned to face me. Mel walked over and asked me what I thought. I
reminded them that Staci had nice, long legs, and I was partial to
them - so I preferred Shannon's. Shannon blushed again and picked
up her pants. She made some comment about Melissa having better
breasts, though. Mel jumped on that and argued that Shannon had
very attractive breasts. Shannon just kept shaking her head and
seemed very embarrassed, so Mel asked me to judge again. She
pulled off her top and bra and told Shannon to do the same.
Shannon stared at Mel's bobbing breasts, finished off a glass of
wine, and stripped off her blouse and bra. I told her they looked
terrific but there was only one way to tell for sure, and I began
carressing and kissing them. Mel walked over, and Shannon reached
out to play with her breasts. I'll tell you - Shannon was
positively insatiable.  We had lots of fun that night, and she
wanted to continue on every night, which made Mel happy again.

I didn't tell Staci about Shannon, because I had an idea. The
next month was Spring Break, and I asked Staci if Melissa and I
could come to visit. She was excited by the idea. Well, we also
brought Shannon along, and she and Staci became instant lovers,
too.

I know this story is dragging on, so I'll wrap it up here. After
Graduation, Melissa and I decided to go to the same college as
Staci and Shannon. All four of us and Brooke rented a house
together. We graduated from there together, and we all still live
together happily along with Jen when she's in town. Jen became an
exotic dancer and has been in some amateur films. I don't hear
from Tim much, except that I know he's an accountant in the East
and lives with Jordan, and Nikki.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





