BDSM Library - I Am My Bosses Property




I Am My Bosses Property
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her secret fantasy was found out by her bosses. They forced her into a totally new lifestyle and she started to enjoy it.
I am my bosses property

===========================================




I am my bosses property 1

==================

My name is zone.  I am from the northeast and I now enjoy the bondage life but
it wasn't always that way.

My first experience into the life was when I was working for a husband and wife
in a corporate law office in downtown.  One day I was called into the bosses
office. He informed me that he had been monitoring my email and found that out
that I had been subscribing to bondage type of lists on the Net.  He gave me a
choice to submit or tender my resignation and no references.  I really needed
this job.

I chose to submit.

At that point he told me to strip right in his office.  When he saw that I was
wearing a g-string he told me to leave it on because it is his privilege to
remove it.  At that point he told me to march into the next room.  This was the
Board Room for the firm.  It had a large mahogany table.

He ordered me to climb up on it and to spread my legs as far as possible.  He
then took out some rope and tied me spread eagle on the table.  The table was
freezing and so was the room.  He told me since my nipples were standing out I
must be enjoying what he was doing.  He took hold of my nipples and started to
pinch them between his finger nails.

He then leaned over me and ripped off the g-string tearing the item so that I
would have to go home naked under my dress.   He then informed me that he wanted
to see how big I was down there and to measure me he would use his fingers.  I
looked at his fingers they were very thick.

When he pried open the lips of my pussy he shoved a finger in and he discovered
that I was a virgin and he could barely push in the one finger.

He kept on saying "my, my, my what a wonderful surprise for us and it will be a
painful one for you."

At this point he went to the phone to call in his wife.  She came in and he told
her what he found and to double check me.  She verified he knew a virgin when he
saw one.

She then estimated I could take a 9" cock.  I thought I would pass out.  9" no
way.  She stripped down and put on this harness thing with a screw on it.  I
couldn't figure what the screw way for.  She then went to a filing cabinet and
removed a cock which she screwed onto the base.  Now I knew I was in for it.

She leaned down and licked me a couple of times in my vagina for lubrication. 
She then told her husband to hold my shoulders and got up on the table between
my legs and shoved and I do mean shoved that dildo into me.  At that point I
felt like it was a brutal rape.

Which it was in a way.

But, that I'll save for another time.........




I am my bosses property 2

=========================

My boss's wife pushed and pushed until she was able to get the head of the dildo
in. I felt as if I was being torn asunder.  I started to scream.  She was trying
to get this thing into my virgin orifice that felt like an elephant's penis. 

She told her husband to get on the table and stick his prick into my mouth to
shut me up.  Next thing I knew he had his hairy balls (and I mean very hairy
balls, the hair swirled around them) and penis shoved in my mouth.  I had never
sucked cock before.  The only experience that I had came from the things I had
read on the web. 

The boss must have read my mind because at that second he told me to make use of
all the information that I had obtained on stolen time.  His stolen time and we
would go through everything because he had every e-mail that was ever sent to me
and since I seemed to like this type of life we would try every story and act.  
He then told me he would punish me and this was just the beginning. 

At that moment his wife made her final lunge and buried the dildo right in like
it had every right to belong there.  I screamed and bit down on the bosses penis
and right away I realized that I had made a terrible mistake. He screamed and
punched down on both of  my breasts hitting them square on the nipples so that I
would let go.

His wife started moving very fast in and out, in and out of my vagina and the
lubrication of my virgin blood made the in and out plunges so much better and
easier for her.

The boss was starting to get the feeling back in his prick when he ordered his
wife to remove herself from my person and find some clamps that he had in the
drawer.  When she got off of me she showed me the dildo with all the blood on
it.  It was covered with it.  I was sure she really tore me up down there.

When she returned he clamped one on each nipple.  I almost passed out from the
pain.  He then reached out his hand for the first item that he could reach.  It
was a metal ruler r that some one had left on one of the chairs and started to
slap it around my vagina yelling "you fucking slut this is what you deserve for
what you did to me."

He then started to plunge a couple of fingers into me and started to tell his
wife, "she's still to tight what can we do to loosen her up some more."




I am my bosses property 3

===================

The boss said she is still too tight what can we use to loosen her up some
more."

I myself thought I was already loose after taking that behemoth inside my
vagina.  Now I was starting to regret allowing my boss to dominate me.  I should
have cut my losses when I had the chance.  I had read about these type of people
but to be the play thing of them scared the shit out of me now.  Since I was the
plaything and not some one else.

The wife said lets turn her over and try to back door her vagina.  When this is
done to me the penis penetrates further. 

With that the wife got my arms and the husband got my legs and flipped me and
retied me.  Things were going on in my mind.  I realized now they had a clear
view of my anus and I only hoped that they would not do that. 

The husband pushed three phone books under my stomach in order to raise my hips. 
Boy did that hurt with the edges pushed into me. I complained and the wife said
"bitch are you so dumb that you don't get that's the idea."

The husband decided to untie my legs and dragged me down to the edge of the
table, phone books and all.  I thought I would die when my nipples that were
still clipped dragged against the  table.  He retied my legs to the legs of the
table so that my lower half was hanging off the table.  He dropped his pants and
came so that I could see him.  He made the dildo look like a new born.  He was
at least 11" long and 2 inches around and he said he was not fully aroused
yet. 

He then had his wife suck him a little until he was fully aroused.  OH MY GOD. 
He wants to put that into me.  NO WAY.  To bad bitch.  and he walked around to
the back  spread my legs so that they were all the way out.  He hooked his
thumbs into my pussy lips and pried them apart.  (I was clenching them closed.)
and PLUNGED.

In he plunged in one swoop.  I thought he was going to come out of my throat.  
And he kept up a constant in and out, in and out stroke.  Without even missing a
beat he pulled my head off the table by hair and said to me.  "You are the best
piece of fuck that I have had in a long time and I mean to have you. and when I
call you to this office you will come right away.  UNDERSTAND." and I said yes.

He then erupted into me.




I am my bosses property part 4

======================

When I call you into this office, you will come right away, understand. And I
said yes. And then he erupted into me.

I was so sure that this was the end of it.  I was going to call in sick in the
morning and find myself another job.  As he pulled out of me he must have sensed
my thoughts in my mind for he ordered his wife to get a bowl, a couple of
syringes of very cold water and towels.   He then inserted the syringes and
washed out my cunt from his semen.  When he finished he put his hand on my lower
back and one finger resting in the crack of my ass.  He motioned to his wife and
she came over with something that I could not see.

He quickly reached around my front and pulled a chain around my front.  I did
not know what it was but I knew I was in trouble.  I started to struggle and he
started to slap my ass really hard with his bare meaty hands.  He and his wife
pulled something between my legs and it covered my pussy and attached it to the
chain at my waist and I heard a snap.

They then let me up and turned me around and in the mirror in the boardroom I
saw what they had done.  They had put a mesh chastity belt around me and locked
it in the back.  He then told me to get dressed and sit down.  Since I did not
have any underwear (He had torn my g-string into shreds) I had to sit on the
cold leather chair with the chastity belt digging into me.

He then explained that I would become their plaything as he had told me in the
beginning and we will be exploring all of bondage and submissive and maybe more.

I would be moved into an office between his and his wife so that I will be able
to come at their beck and call.




I am my bosses property part 5

======================

I went home and tried to remove the mesh and the chain.  It would not come off. 
I was really getting scared to see what my life was going to be like now.  I
never envisioned myself so immersed in this type of life.  It was OK for an
occasional diversion.   However, with this belt on I had no choice but to return
to work the next day.

I fell asleep and around midnight the phone rang.  When I answered it a female
voice said, "we are laying in bed thinking of things to do to you and getting
turned on.  We will be so hot tomorrow when you show up."  I could not go back
to sleep after that.

At 9:00 a.m.  I arrived at work as usual.  I went to the office next to theirs
and started to do the work that I had always done.  A little after 11:00 I
received a phone call saying, "beck and call girl its time.  This time report to
my wife's office immediately."  Why the wife's I wonder.  I had never been in
there.

I arose and went into the office after I knocked.  Behind the desk was the wife. 
She pushed herself away from the desk a little and motioned for me to come
closer and stand between her legs and lean back on the desk.  She opened my
blouse and cut off my bra.  She removed my skirt and cut off my underwear, which
I wore on top of the chastity belt.

She informed me that I was never to wear underwear again.  I was to be bare for
my Master and Mistress pleasure.

She then told me to turn around a lay across the desk.  My breasts were pushed
against an ashtray and staplers and pens.  She took a key from between her
breasts and opened the lock on the chastity belt and removed it.  She told me
she was going to test for moisture between my lips.  When she did not find any
and she seemed disappointed.  She said, "nothing that we have done to you is
getting you worked up."  When I did not answer her she old me "Bitch answer me
when I talk to you."  And I said "No Mistress." 

She said, "we have at least 6 hours to remedy that situation.  You will not
leave today until you are turned on and wet beyond your wildest belief."

She then called her husband and told him we were ready for his presence.  When
he came in he pushed a button and two manacles lowered from the ceiling and when
I looked closely I could see two eyelet's on the floor.

He told me to get up and placed two clamps on my nipples.  However this time
they were connected which a small chain hanging down towards my cunt.  He pulled
me by my nipples over to the manacle's and ordered his wife to attach my arms
and legs.  When this was finished they were spread far apart.

He looked at my teeth, nose, eyes, ears, nipples (very closely, pulling them
out, pulling them one side to the other.) my belly button and my cunt.  When he
got to my cunt he said all this hair will have to go. 

He got a straight razor and soapy water and started shaving.  He then got two
clamps with a heavy chain between them.  One he placed on my right cunt lip.  He
then passed the chain behind my ass and reattached it to the other lip. 
Spreading the lips of my vagina extremely wide. 

He now said, "Don't move, I don't want to take off anything that we want to play
with."  He then started to scrap all the hair from my inner lips.  All the time
we was doing this he kept one of his fingers on my clitoris, moving it back and
forth real slow.    He motioned to his wife and she got down on her knees and
put both of her hand on my ass cheeks and brought me close to her mouth.




I am my bosses property 6

===================

He motioned to his wife and she got down on her knees and put both of her hand
on my ass cheeks and brought me close to her mouth.

With the inside of my vagina fully exposed she rubbed her nose on my clitoris
and dipped her head and took a big long lick from the bottom of my vagina to the
top.  She then latched onto my clitoris with a vengeance and started sucking
like her life depended on it.  She inserted two of her fingers into my vagina
and started to yelp.  "She is getting wet,  she is getting wet." Her husband
moved her from her position and stuck his big finger in and said it's a good
start but not enough.  She is responding to your caresses and not to the pain. 
I want her to get wet from the pain. That's what it's all about pain and
pleasure,  but always pain first."

He reached behind me and removed from the cabinet a can of computer compressed
air.  He inserted the red little hose into my vagina and pushed the button.  I
could feel it drying me out.  I shuddered from the dryness.  He then shoved his
finger in again and could barely get it in.  I screamed from the pain of this. 
And he said, "time to start again."

He reached into the cabinet, and I strained to see what was in it.  I wanted to
see what else I could expect.  He noticed me trying to see behind into the
cabinet and said, "you want to see our pleasure cabinet.  Well I'll let you." 
He turned me around and I saw numerous dildo's, thick and thin, long and short,
bumpy and smooth, clamps for every part of my body, razors, pins, cigarettes,
rubbing alcohol, harnesses and various other stuff.

He then removed a massive dildo from the cabinet.  I figured it had to be the
same one as yesterday.  It was about 9 inches.  He went to his wife and inserted
it into her in one push.  He said "see how wet she is.  That is how wet I want
you to be by the time you leave here today." He ordered her to remove the dildo,
that was after he had given it a few good hard thrusts into her.  He ordered her
to approach me and insert it into me.  It went in with a minimal amount of pain
due to her moisture.  She started to twist it a few times and made it plough
into me a couple of times.  When she inserted it I realized it wasn't the same
one as yesterday since this one had a handle on it. 

The Master yelled,  "enough" and came forwards and connected a leash to the end
of the dildo and gave it a tug to make sure it was planted deeply in my vagina. 
It did not come out.  He ordered his wife to unhook me and tugged on the leash
to lead me around the room.  He then was handed a paddle from his wife and when
I did not move fast enough he would swat me on the ass. 

I was not used to having anything shoved up my cunt hole so it made walking very
difficult especially being pulled by it.  By the time he was satisfied that I
could walk around with this corn cob in my vagina, my ass was on fire and hot to
the touch.

By now it was 2:00 p.m. and the Master decided it was time to do a vaginal
check.  He led me naked across the hall to another room which was a sort of lab. 
I never realized how may rooms there were in this office that I did not know
about and I wondered, did everyone else know about them.

Inside this room was a chair, gynecological table, sink, shower, gymnastic
horse, inverted v horse, running machine, pulley machine and a few others I had
never seen before.

He ordered me to this chair where the bottom was missing and attached my arms to
the back of the chair and my legs at the bottom of the chair.  He unhooked my
cunt lips which caused the blood to rush back into them and they hurt.  He put
one hand on my head and made sure it was leaning all the way back. He then
gathered my hair into a pony tail and secured it to the back of the chair so I
was unable to more my head and see what he was about to do.  He then and yanked
hard at the chain which was attached to the dildo, which pulled the dildo out. 
He put on rubber latex gloves just like a doctor and he spread the lips and
inserted one finger and then a second finger and scissored them back and forth
inside my canal.  He then pulled it out of me and approached where my head was
leaning back so that I could see him.  He showed me his fingers and I saw that
there was a little moisture on them.  He stuck them into my mouth and said taste
your self.

He was very pleased since he said, "that's not a bad start, you had no
pleasurable experience to stimulate you however you still have a little moisture
in you.  We will try to work you a little more before we send you on your way."




I am my bosses property 7

===================

He was very pleased since he said, "that's not a bad start, you had no
pleasurable experience to stimulate you however, you do have a little moisture
in you.  We will try to work you a little more before we send you on your way."

He then went to the freezer and took out a Popsicle and gave it to his wife. 
She knelt between my knees and inserted it into my vagina and started to use it
like a dildo all the while plucking on my clitoris.  The boss meanwhile dropped
his pants and told me to open my mouth and suck him.  With the last bit of
resistance in me I refused. 

"You refuse" he barked, "that's good for me and bad for you."  He came around
front to where his wife was fucking me with the Popsicle and attached my nipple
leash to the front of the chair.  This caused my nipples to stretch painfully
and with every in motion of the Popsicle dildo it caused my body to move and
pull on my nipples.

It hurt some thing terrible.  The pain was unbearable.  He returned to my head
and pried open my mouth and shoved his penis inside and cut off my windpipe.  He
said that if I even thought of biting him I would never breath again.  And I
know he meant it.  He started to shove back and forth against the motion of his
wife.  I felt as if my nipples would be torn off.

He finally spewed in my mouth and when I didn't want to swallow he placed his
hand over my nose and pinched this effectively cut off my breathing causing me
to swallow in order to breath.  I realized the cum did not taste as bad as I
thought it would.

Meanwhile his wife was about done with the Popsicle dildo and my vagina felt
frozen.  she then inserted a 11 inch dildo in me and placed masking tape over it
effectively sealing my pussy.

She then moved me to the horse and tied me over it with my ass in the air.  She
told me that I would get the beating of a life time, however there was one
catch.  By the time she finished with me I would be in such a state that I would
beg her to let her husband take me.

I laughed and said "that day will never come."

She said, " that will cost you and that day will come and cum soon you will do."

With that she picked up a long paddle and started hitting me.  At the moment of
contact I felt the dildo inside of me move.  I tightened up.  She laughed and
said I see you have discovered the surprise I have given you.  Inside of the
dildo are bee waa balls. They move every time I hit you and when I hit you
harder the faster they move.  Aren't they delicious."

She continued to hit me and I felt moisture inside of me.  I started to have a
fluttery feeling that I wanted to continue.  I was so close to something and I
did not know what."

Just then the Master said "STOP" and she stopped hitting me and the balls
stopped moving.




i am my bosses project part 8

=====================

Just then the Master said "STOP" and she stopped hitting me and the balls
stopped moving.

You ever crave something so bad but are not sure what you crave.  Well that was
me.

I knew I wanted whatever was coming even if I didn't know what it was.  When she
stopped my innards just kept on quivering.  I felt as if I was right on the edge
of an experience.

He came over and kicked my legs apart and ripped off the tape and pulled the
dildo out.   I heard his wife start to laugh and then he joined in.  He brought
it around to the front so that I could see.  The dildo was dripping and I mean
dripping with moisture.  He said "you are so close but we are going to dry you
out and prepare you for your night ALONE at home."

He took out a wash cloth and rolled it up and inserted it and then removed it. 
He then took out the compressed air again and dried out my insides.  This time
he was very sure not to touch my clitoris. 

He untied me and told me to get dressed.  I did.

I was shaking the whole time. 

When I was dressed he reached into my shirt and released the nipple clamps and
told me to bend over the table and he inserted one ball of some sort and put the
chastity belt back on me and told me to report to work the same time tomorrow.

As I moved I felt this ball inside me shimmer and shake and I knew I was in for
a rough night.  He noticed my nipples were standing out and without a bra on
they really showed through and he rubbed his hands over them and said "that's a
sight that I really like."  His wife came over and put her hand under my skirt
and rubbed my pussy through the chastity belt and said "I love this part
better."

On the ride home I thought I would die with every bump the ball moved and
brought me close to something but not close enough.




I am my bosses property 9

==================

On the ride home I thought I would die with every bump the ball moved and
brought me close to something but not close enough.

All night I tried to find that ending but I was unable to fulfill it.  I would
have even brought my self off with my hand but I could not get it down the front
of the chastity belt.

So I was on edge all night.

I couldn't wait to get back to work on Friday for this to conclude.  As I walked
into the office I saw my bosses wife at the copier and she looked down to where
my vagina was and gave a smirk.   I wondered who else saw her gesture.  Lord, I
hope no one else did.

I was hardly in my seat when my boss called came over to me and reached over my
shoulders and unbuttoned my shirt.  He ran his hands over my breasts and said
"ahhhhhhhh that's good.  The nubs are hard you must have had an interesting
night."  He then clamped two alligator clips onto them (it had a lead chain
between my breast) and pulled them up until I had to arise from the seat.  When
I got up you could see a moisture ring on the leather seat.  He dipped his hands
in the moisture puddle and sniffed,  "Nice and yummy."

He then led me into what I called the lab.

He told me to strip naked  and grab my ankles.  He then undid the chastity belt
and dug into my hole to remove the ball.  Which he made sure to tell me was very
slimy and wet.  He then ordered me to lay down on the gynecological table. 

In the mean time he started to take off all his clothes.  I had never seen him
completely naked.  His wife came in and stripped down to her skin also.  She had
the biggest nipples and breasts that I had every seen and as I already mentioned
he had the biggest prick that I had ever seen.  The two of them were a pair.

She told me to lean back on the table and reach my hands over my head.  There
she connected them together and secured them to a hook that was under the table
near the top of my head.  She then took a brush out and brushed my hair into a
high pony tail and secured it with a rubber band.

He meanwhile took a hold of my legs and attached them to the stirrups.  When he
was satisfied that they would not move he started to move the stirrups so my
legs were out to the side and elevated to that  he had a clear view of my pussy
and anus.

She unwrapped a douche and roughly inserted it into me.  It did not hurt going
in due to the moisture down there.   She made sure that my pussy was completely
clean and sweet smelling.

She stepped back and went over to the boss and started to rub her hands up and
down his chest.  They came close to me and started to show me how to play with a
penis moving the foreskin up and down and squeezing his balls.  When he was at
his erect size he went back between my wide spread legs and spread my pussy lips
wide and plunged into me in one lunge.  All I could say was "AHHHHHHHHHHHHH." 
It felt so good and the feeling was something that i had been waiting for all
night, I think."

He started to move fast in me and the faster he moved the closer I came.  He was
plowing into me to fast my breasts were bouncing back and forth.  His wife came
over and put her hands on my clitoris and I started to go over the edge.  His
wife kept saying yes baby yes baby do it.  and with that the most incredible
feeling I ever had occurred.

He then erupted into me and it happened again.

My boss pulled out of me and said do you know what just happened.  I said I
think so.  He said you just had your first fuck with an orgasm under bondage. 
You are mine now to do with whatever I want.

And now to your next orifice.




I am my bosses property 10

====================

My boss pulled out of me and said do you know what just happened.  I said, "I
think so."  He said, "you just had your first fuck with an orgasm under bondage. 
You are mine now to do with whatever I want."

"And now to your next orifice."

He reached down and plunged his finger into my exposed ass and just as fast
removed it.  (I knew that the position I was in would come to no good.)  I
screamed "BLOODY HELL." It really hurt.  This was just one finger I couldn't
imagine what else he would put up there.  Well, I was about to find out.

He untied my legs and put them down and reached across and untied my hands from
the top of my head.  On the way up he suckled on one of my nibs and pinched the
other one between his fingernails.

He then asked his wife did she have the next portion of my training ready.  She
must have nodded in the affirmative because he pulled me down from the table and
led me over to the gymnastic horse, by my nipple leash, again.  I noticed the
horse had been moved so it straddled a drain in a tiled portion of the room. 
(Why? I wondered).

He placed two handcuffs with a lining on my arms and attached them to the floor
on the other side of the horse.  This hoisted my ass so that it rested right on
the crest of the horse.  He then attached cuffs to my feet and tied long string
to the eyelets attached to them at my feet and tied them to the other legs of
the horse.  Spreading me wide, making me very accessible to what ever they
wanted to do and I knew it would be concentrated in my asshole.

She came over carrying a bag filled with water, a long hose and a pole like they
have in hospitals.  In the bag of water she put a little olive oil and shook it
up.  I could see it was hot water.  She turned the bag over and attached it to
the pole.  She then attached the hose to it.  All this time she was doing it in
front of me so I could watch her and see what was coming.  She then laid the
hose over my shoulders and rested it in my ass cheeks.  She reached down and
pulled my boobs by the nipples making sure that they were hanging free and not
trapped by the horse.

She went to a cabinet and brought a long narrow looking pencil with a bump near
the end and a cross at the very end.  She went behind me, and the boss pulled
open my ass cheeks even wider and she plunged the hose into my ass.  She kept
pushing and pushing the hose in until she finally stopped.  I felt that it was
all the way in my lower intestines.  He then allowed my ass cheeks to close over
the tubing making sure the rest of the slack laid between my ass cheeks.  She
went over to the stand and started the bag dripping.  I realized she was giving
me an enema.  I felt the hot water as it passed my shoulders, down my back, down
in-between my ass cheeks and enter my ass itself. 

The pain of the hot water and oil was too much to bear.  It kept on running and
running until finally it looked like the bag was empty.  He quickly pulled the
hose out and left it hanging between my legs and quickly inserted the pencil
looking thing.  I realized this is what a butt plug looks like.  It was ok
feeling at first.  I had bow movements bigger then that but when the fat part
pushed it I screamed.




I am my bosses property 11

====================

The pain of the hot water and oil was too much to bear.  It kept on running and
running until finally it looked like the bag was empty.  He quickly pulled the
hose out and left it hanging between my legs and quickly inserted the pencil
looking thing.  I realized this is what a butt plug looks like.  It was an ok
feeling at first.  I had bow movements bigger then that, but when the fat part
pushed it I screamed.

He kept on twisting the plug around and around. 

He then leaned over me. His penis laying almost in my ass crack, his front to my
back, his lips on my neck occasionally kissing it and then he reached under my
chest and reached for my boobs.  He took my clamps off my breasts and replaced
them with his fingers.  He started to pinch them and pull them while at the same
time rock me back and forth on the horse.  He continued to kiss and lick my
neck. 

He said he was doing this so that all the shit in my ass would loosen and I
would be clean for the fun that they had planned.  He kept on rocking me and
soon I felt nauseous.  I wondered how long this would go on for.  I had to pee
and shit and it was being held in by this plug.

With a final pinch of my nipples and a bite on the neck, he suddenly stopped and
stepped away from me.  His wife came behind me, reached under me and pushed her
hand between my vagina and the horse and said, "she's a little wet but I'm not
sure if its pee or excitement."

She pulled my head back by my ponytail and said, "Bitch, which is it?" and
honestly I had to answer excitement.

She then reached up and removed the butt plug and the shit came pouring out of
me in one fail swoop.  I thought I would be punished for this but she said that
was to be expected since they had the butt plug was in longer then usual.  She
then hooked up a garden hose and hosed my ass and vagina down with ice cold
water until I was clean.  Then she started the whole procedure again.  Only this
time when I let it out it was clean and they were satisfied with the results.

They moved me to a recliner chair of sorts.  It was made out of steel but leaned
back on an angle it had a hard, leather pillow on the seat of the chair.  I
couldn't understand how it would work.  It was wide enough for at least three
people to sit on it. 

They tied my hands to the arms of the chair and pulled my legs out in front of
me then pulled them up over my shoulders and secured them to the top rung of the
chair.  They made sure my back was on the pillows allowing my vagina and ass
hole to be fully exposed.  Then they pushed buttons and the back started to go
down and the whole chair started lifting until it was even with the Bosses
waist.

He laid his hand on my vagina and I saw that he had some type of machine
strapped on his hand and he just put two fingers on clitoris and then he turned
on the machine and it started vibrating his hand.  He didn't have to do much
work at all to start me cumming and cumming hard.




I am my bosses property 12

===================

He laid his hand on my vagina and I saw that he had some type of machine
strapped on his hand and he just put two fingers on clitoris and then he turned
on the machine and it started vibrating his hand.  He didn't have to do much
work at all to start me cumming and cumming hard.

During all this his wife had approached and was standing at my head.  When I
looked up I saw her smile evilly and come down to the bottom of the chair all
the while trailing her nail down my breasts and up my outstretched legs.  In her
hand she had a blunt needle with the syringe filled with a yellow liquid.  The
boss moved out of the way but he still had his hand on my clitoris and was
fingering it.  She placed the blunt needle into my anus and plunged the plunger
in it.  She said, "Well honey I now have basted out little rump roast and its
time you stuffed it." 

She was talking dirty and that scared me.  He smiled and came back to stand
right next to my bottom and pried my already stretched ass even further open. 
He placed his cock at the opening of my ass and helped his wife to get up on the
chair and position herself over me.  Her vagina was over my face and her face
was right over the top of my vagina and clitoris. 

The master said to her, "I'll stuff it but you eat it" and with that he plunged
into my anus and she latched onto my clitty with a sucking vengeance.  She was
making a meal of it.  Biting and sucking.  As the plunge occurred I screamed,
"AHHHHHHHHH"  as my mouth opened for the scream she sat her vagina down on my
face and started wiggling it.  My mouth was wide open and pressed into her
vagina.  She said you had better start work down there or you will be in
trouble."

I started to lick her.  The more I licked her the wetter she became and soon my
whole face was sopping wet.  She was riding my face and soon had her clitoris up
against my nose and was riding my nose until she started to scream from orgasm.

Meanwhile my asshole was on fire.  He was moving in and out.  He said," It was a
good thing that my wife decided to baste you with cooking oil otherwise you
would be dripping blood everywhere."  In and Out.  In and Out.   The pain.  The
burning.

There was no pleasure for me even with his wife sucking me.  She started to gnaw
on my clitoris.  She inserted one finger, then two fingers and finally three
fingers into my vagina at the same time as the master was in my ass.  I could
feel her fingers rubbing against his penis with a small wall between them.  When
he felt her hand he came in my anus.

He pulled out of me with a plop and came around the top of the chair, helped his
wife off and lowered the top until I was staring upside down at his penis and
ordered me to clean him.  He had my virgin ass blood on his penis and his cum
that came out when he pulled out.

He inserted it into my mouth and told me to use my tongue and make sure I got it
good.




I am my bosses property 13

===================

I found that terribly disgusting.  I know I had sucked his penis and swallowed
his cum before and not really minded it except in my mind this was different. 
This penis had my blood on it.  The blood from my pain.  It was as if I was
accepting this type of life. 

I took it in my mouth and a sucked it clean.  He was holding my pony tail and
moving my head back and forth on his pole.  I barely made it to the bathroom to
throw up.  Boy was that a big mistake.

They came in after me and  I could see that they were seething mad.  She said
that they were thinking about letting me go home and report back to work on
Saturday, even though it was the weekend.  But,  now with this display they
would be take me home with them and I would stay with them until they brought me
back on Monday. 

I kept yelling, "no, no, no."  The boss man pushed me against the sink and took
a wash cloth and some string and shoved the wash cloth in my mouth and wrapped
the string around my head and mouth a couple of times to shut me up.  She then
brought my arms up and tied them behind my back together.   They dragged me back
into the other room and tossed me over a regular wood chair and she shoved an
dildo into my pussy and clamped my pussy lips closed with a piece of clear
contact paper. 

Then they allowed me up and when I tried to move he showed me a card with three
buttons on it.  He hit the first button and inside my tender vagina I felt this
terrible electric charge.  He said, " This will keep you in line until we get
you back to the mansion."

Then he and his wife put their clothes back on but denied me mine.  There I
stood with this tight pony tail on the top of my head, naked as the day I was
born with a dildo up my hole and a thick piece of contact paper holding my
vagina closed. 

When he was dressed he took out two big clips out.  These clips closed like a
vise and screwed on.  He pulled the nipples all the way out that I moved towards
him.  He motioned for his wife and she put an arm around my waist and held me
tight against her.  He tried it again and this time he was able to clamp them on
my nibs and screwed them down real hard.  I would have screamed if my mouth
wasn't sealed shut.  Instead the tears started to stream down my face.  He
leaned closer and licked them off. 

He then put an studded dog collar around my neck and clipped a leash onto it. 

He then opened the door and he led me down the corridor, like a dog or a pet, 
to his private elevator.  He and his wife led me down to the parking garage to
their private parking area.  It was cold in the garage and I wasn't wearing
anything. 

Next to the elevator a man materialized.  I realized this must be their driver. 
He did not look startled, as if he was expecting me.  He opened the door of the
limousine.  The car had tinted windows so no one could see in. 

In the mistress went into the car and the master told me that I would be next. 
The driver reached out and rubbed his hands over my ass.  I protested and the
boss told me to let him cop a feel.  I shook my head no.   He pushed me against
the car and depressed the button until I shook my head yes.  I was crying.  The
driver started at my neck, shoulders, breasts, (giggeling them up and down, from
side to side), waist, ran his hands over my contact papered vagina turned me
around and pushed me against the car and with the bosses permission gave me five
hard swats on the ass.

He then helped me into the car next to the wife and then came the husband.




I am my bosses property 14

====================

He then helped me into the car next to the wife and then came the husband.

The driver started the car up and we pulled out onto the street.  I was praying
that no one could see us because the boss pulled my right leg and draped it
across his leg and the wife pulled my left leg and draped across her legs.  Then
she reached down to my pussy and with her fingernails started to remove the
contact paper very slow.  You would think fast would be worse but let me tell
you slow and steady are twice as bad.  It pulls whatever hair that has grown
back out.  I was squirming but they both had a death grip on my legs so I didn't
move too much.  By the time I was bare we were on the highway out of town.  And
I had been to busy with my pain to see of anyone was looking.  I did notice
however that the Driver's separation window was down and he kept looking back. 
I realized that he had a clear view of my pussy.  I tried in vain to close my
legs by my boss slapped me between my legs and said we will have none of that.

They played in my pussy.  Swirling their fingers around the edges, pushing the
button for the dildo electric shocks, moving the dildo manually in and out.  All
this made me catch my breath and keep me on edge.  The driver kept looking and
running his tongue over his lips.  The boss and his wife removed the dildo and
each hooked a finger in my pussy as said, "Misha, would you like a piece of
this?"  and he said, "Oh Yeah!" 

The master said, "we will think on it and let you know what is decided."  I
never thought that I would be shared and I was scared again.

We made a turn off the highway and approached a mansion like from all the horror
stories I had read about.  It had turrets and spirals and was made from black
bricks that looked too cold and foreboding.  It was sitting at the end of a long
driveway.

When we stopped in front of the house a maid opened the front door.  The driver
opened the door for the Master of the house.  He then let me out.  I was
shivering.  It was cold outside and I was stark naked in the middle of a
courtyard without knowing how many eyes were staring at me.

They marched me up the marble stairs, inside the house.  In the house there were
marble floors.  I was marched up two flights into another world.  On this third
floor were tall windows.  It was one big room with a lot of equipment in it.  It
had a corner just like their office that was tiled with a toilet, drain, sink,
bath and shower.  They had pulleys, horses, cages, pinchers, fireplace, rack,
and poles and in two corners statues of naked men with the biggest penises I had
ever seen.  They were even bigger than the Masters was.  There were
gynecological tables, iron tables, something that looked like a sacrificial
altar, a wooden cross with a hole in it.  And that same dreaded chair that they
had in the office.

On one way was a cabinet that was closed and I had no idea what was in there but
I was sure I would find out.

They thrust me over the wood table and told me to stay just the way I was or
there would be hell to pay.




I am my bosses property 15

====================

They thrust me over the wood table and told me to stay just the way I was or
there would be hell to pay.   The left the room and I realized I was all alone
but I was to afraid to move.

It got dark out side and the room got dark.  All of a sudden something or
someone pulled opened my legs and thrust  their penis into my vagina.  They held
my head down and spread my legs and started going to town.  I was unprepared for
this attack and was dry as a bone in there.  But as I should have learned from
the start that didn't make any difference to any of them.  I was their plaything
to take when and where ever they wanted.

I knew the person was not my master, because my Masters penis was bigger.  This
one was shorter and smaller then his behemoth of one.  In and out it sawed.  I
never thought it would finish.  Finally on the last few lunges the person shoved
a finger in my anus and continued fucking me until he climaxed and removed him
self so quickly I could not see him. 

A few minutes later in came the Master and Mistress and saw my condition and
laughed. They said they must talk to their staff.  Who ever uses the plaything
last should clean up after them selves.

They untied my arms and rubbed them to get the feeling back into them.  They
took the homemade gag out and released my nipples.  Then they took me over to
the bathroom and told me to piss and take a good long shit and take a shower and
wash up.  When I was finished I came out and noticed there were no towels.  A
disembodied voice informed me to stand over the grate and when I did a hot air
emanated from there drying me off.

Then they came for me. 

The said I need punishment for throwing up that afternoon.  I was hoping they
would forget it.  They led me over to a horse.  It looked like an inverted v. 
They tied my hands together to a hoist and hoisted me up so my legs barely
reached the floor.  The inserted the v horse under me and lowered me on it.  It
was terrible.  The sharp edge to the v hit right into my sensitive pussy and
separated my lips.  Then they lowered me until my tiptoes just reached the
floor.  When my legs hurt I would go crashing onto the inverted v and the pain
was terrible.  They wanted me to know that I would be there for the next three
hours while they were entertaining a couple of guest for dinner and then they
would be back. 

They turned off the lights and left the room.  I struggled but I was unable to
stand on my tippy toes to long.  By the time they came back my pussy felt
bruised and raw.




I am my bosses property 16

===================

They turned off the lights and left the room.  I struggled but I was unable to
stand on my tiptoe toes to long.  By the time they came back my pussy felt
bruised and raw.

The master walked in wearing a tuxedo and the mistress walked in wearing a
flowing black velvet gown that plunged in the neckline.  It was do low that if
she bent over you could see her nipples.  Then the master turned around a
ushered another couple in. 

They all came over to me and the master showed his guest how effective this
punishment was.  He approached me and showed them how red my pussy was.  The
hoisted me up a little and proceeded to stuff two fingers into my vagina.  The
pain was terrible and I started to whimper.  I had learned not to embarrass my
masters like I did by throwing up earlier. 

He moved his finger back and forth, in and out.

He then removed his finger and showed the guest where they could get undressed. 
(Undressed, I wondered what did he mean by that)

When they approached all four were naked and I knew what he meant by that.

The men took me down and put me on the stone alter.  It was rough and terrible
cold.  I kept arching my back but it was no use.  They attached my arms and legs
to the four corners.  I was spread out to far that the muscles in my arms and
legs hurt.

They brought forth four big candles which they placed on stands and lit.  They
had an eerie glow in the room. They women approached and inspected my vagina. 
They pulled the lips out as far as they would go and clipped them so that they
were pulled all the way back.  They took a clothes pin and attached it to my
clitoris.  There was such a radiating pain from there I had to cry out.

The master said, "That was your last chance, we will have to gag you."  With
that he strapped a ball gag into my mouth and attached it to the back of my
neck.  "For tonight" he said "something will always be in your mouth."

The masters friend took out a length of rope and his wife came over and held one
breast up by the nipple.  He started to wind the rope around the breast from the
base on up.  He stropped when the breast stood out straight like the top of a
pyramid with a purple ball on top.  Then they did the same thing to the other
breast.

The mistress came forwards and showed me a short quirt.  She started to hit my
breast straight on.  They hurt.  The tears started to run down my face. The
wife's friend was fingering my cunt, running her fingers up and down my slit. 
She would flick the clothes pin from time to time.

The mistress counted 40 strokes with the quirt and then stopped.




I am my bosses property 17

===================

The mistress counted 40 strokes with the quirt and then stopped.

She ran her hand over my upper body and admired how hot it was.  She invited the
Master and his friend over to feel. 

He motioned to his wife's friend and she inserted her finger into my vagina.  He
and his friend approached my breasts and felt them.  He then pinched my nipples
hard and the wife said, "Wow, she really clamped down on my finger.  She has
good control still of her inner vagina muscles.  She will really grip a person
or whatever is inserted."  She then removed her finger.

The master said it was time to move me.  The untied me and moved me over to the
chains that were hanging from the ceiling.  They were on tracks.  They attached
my arms again spread wide and pulled them until my vagina was in easy reach of
the men's organs.  They then attached my legs to the pulleys on the floor and
pulled them far apart.  They left my breasts still tied up.

I looked up and saw my mistress with a dildo strapped on.  It was about 12
inches long and 1" wide at the top and going up to 3" when you got to the
bottom.  She was lubricating it with something I could not see.  I thought at
least that was thoughtful.  She came towards me and since my vagina was wide
open from the clamps she slid it right in.  She started moving in and out.  I
realized there was something wrong my vagina was burning.  She laughed and said,
"oops, I used icyhot instead of oil."  But she kept right on fucking me with out
stopping.  I then felt someone behind me.  I twisted my head and I saw her
friend and she also had on a dildo.  Her's was a little smaller but she pushed
in until it popped into my ass.

In and out they moved.  As one moved up the other moved down I could feel the
friction and it turned me on.  I was so close again to orgasm and then they
pulled out and left my holes gapping for the illusive pleasure that I sought. 
Meanwhile the burning sensation continued inside my pussy.

The master and his friend moved forwards and in their hands were long whips
which they started using on my ass. One stoke from the right, one stroke from
the left in a continuos motion.  I didn't want my orgasm any more I just wanted
them to stop.

They finally stopped, dropped their whips and his friend moved in front of me
and I felt the master behind me.  His friend unclasped my lips saying he likes
the friction of them against his penis and with that he inserted his penis in my
pussy.  Boy was he big.  I was so sensitive down there that I think he was
bigger then my master. 

However my master pulled my ass cheeks apart and spit on his fingers and
inserted them into my ass and moved them around and around.  He finally took
them out and grabbed my hips and inserted his penis in my ass.  The pain was
unbearable at his first entrance but as the friction of them moving back and
forth went on it became pleasurable. 

My master reached around the front and insinuated his hands over my lower belly
right above his friends penis and twiddled my clitoris and at the same time his
friend started to bit my sensitive nipples.  I came with such a rush from the
pain and the pleasure.  His friend said that my cum was so hot that it was going
to make him cum and with a groan he spewed into me.

The master pulled himself out of my ass and motioned for his wife to come over
and ordered her to suck him off until fulfillment.  She went down on him. 
Moving in an up and down motion while squeezing his testicles.  The whole time
the master was looking at me and said the next time it will be for you.  He then
spewed in her mouth and drank the whole thing.




I am my bosses property 18

====================

The master pulled himself out of my ass and motioned for his wife to come over
and ordered her to suck him off until fulfillment.  She went down on him. 
Moving in an up and down motion while squeezing his testicles.  The whole time
the master was looking at me and said the next time it will be for you.  He then
spewed in her mouth and drank the whole thing.

They approached me and took me down.  I was so week from my orgasm that I was
like a rag doll.  They laid me on a mesh type of table and brought soap and a
hose over.  They untied my breast and the pain hit me like a brick house.  I
wanted to roll from side to side but they would not let me.  They massaged my
breasts and body with soapy lotion and then rinsed it out.  They inserted a y
type of hose one side in my vagina and the other side in my ass.  Then they
turned on the water to warm and at pleasant flow it flowed up into my orifices
and cleaned me out.

They dried me with big and fluffy towels and moisturized my skin.

They led me to a corner that was surrounded by a big cage from ceiling to floor
and with a solid lock on it.  Inside was a commode and a twin size bed and a
comfortable looking chair and a TV.  They opened the door and pushed me inside. 
They told me to rest because tomorrow would be a big day again.  They closed the
door and left me naked.

I laid down and tried to think coherent thoughts.  All I could think about was
what they had done to me and it thinking about it made a little hot.  I reached
down to touch my self.  I got my fingers just inside my fold of my pussy when a
voice said.  "You are not to touch or fondle yourself without our permission. 
We may only touch your private places they belong to us."  Do not make us come
back in and tie your hands up.

Now that I knew that they were watching all I wanted to do was crawl under the
covers and roll myself into a ball.   I had no privacy.  I fell asleep.

The next morning I was brought to an abrupt awareness when some one grabbed my
legs and pulled me out of bed and dragged me over to one of the statues with the
big penises.




I am my bosses property 19

===================

The next morning I was brought to an abrupt awareness when some one grabbed my
legs and pulled me out of bed and dragged me over by my feet, to one of the
statues with the big penises.  It was my master and his friend.  They ordered me
up on my knees and hug the statue.  I looked at them as if they were out of
their mind.  The friend went behind the statue and reached around and roughly
pulled my two hands behind it and the master clicked on a pair of cold metal
police handcuffs.

As I looked straight ahead the statues big penis was right in front of me.  I
noticed that under the upthrust penis were two balls just like a real mans. 
They informed me that my morning lesson was on how to suck cock.  So put that
cock in your mouth and start going to town.  I opened my mouth and placed it on
the head of the penis.

My master came behind me and grabbed my head and said, "open your mouth
completely",  and with that he pushed my head forcibly down onto the shaft and
just as forcibly moved it up.   He said, "make sure your lips are closed around
it and suck as you do that up and down motion."  He pushed my head up and down,
up and down.  Then he said, "Do it on your own,  gooooood."  "now go down to the
balls, lick them, suck them."  When I put the balls in my mouth I discovered
they were not stone at all but some type of leather pouches with marble balls
inside them.  They moved back and forth, up and down.  When I sucked them I
discovered they were covered also my minute sharp sticking little fur or hair. 

"Put them in your mouth and pull them a little out and suck them and now go back
to the penis.  You will do this for the next hour and then we will try it with
the real thing."

They sat down in two big, leather chairs and they hooked one of their legs over
the arm rest and the talked. I noticed that as they talked they were running
their hands over their penises.  I kept up what I was suppose to do because when
I stopped for breath, one of them was sure to point out that I was falling down
on my duty.

Finally the hour passes and I noticed that their penises were as hard as the
statues.  My mouth hurt from being held open by the marble penis.  The husband
got up and came towards me.  He untied me and made me crawl over to my master. 
He led me by putting his finger into my collar.  He did not stop until I was
right between the masters legs and his cock was bobbing in front of me.  The
master took his finger and pointed to down to his cock.  I sighed and he pulled
back his hand a slapped me across the face and pointed down to his cock again.

I lowered my head and started on his cock the way he told me.  He kept on saying
faster, faster.  I thought I was going as fast as I could.  He took me by my
hair and started to move my mouth up and down so fast that I had a hard time
staying up.  finally he came into my mouth and held me against him until I
swallowed every drop.

Now he dragged me by my hair to his friend and shoved my face into his groin. 
He wanted me to go slowly and I did it was so much easier. He told me to stick
my tongue and twiddle his opening and then he spurted his spunk into my mouth
and made me swallow it.  His spunk tasted different then the masters.  The
masters was sweet and his friends was salty.




I am my bosses property 20

===================

Now he dragged me by my hair to his friend and shoved my face into his groin. 
He wanted me to go slowly and I did it was so much easier. He told me to stick
my tongue and twiddle his opening and then he spurted his spunk into my mouth
and made me swallow it.  His spunk tasted different then the masters.  The
masters was sweet and his friends was salty.

They said it was now time for breakfast and they attached a leash to my dog
collar and led me down the two flights of stairs to the solarium.  There the two
wives were preparing breakfast.  The table was set for five. It was a glass
table and you could see under it.  It had a vast view of the land surrounding
their home and anyone who was on the grounds would be able to see in the
solarium. 

The master led me over to a hard back wooden chair and told me to straddle it. 
When I looked down I saw why.  There in the middle was a dildo the size of Mount
Everest.  It had to be 12 inches at least and 3 inches around.  The mistresses
friend came over and smeared it with a little petroleum jelly.  She then
adjusted me on top of it and told me to sit down.  It was very painful and I
could barely get the first 5 inches in.  The girlfriend said that just won't do
and she motioned to her husband.  He came over and put his hands on my shoulders
and I said I would do it myself.  She said its to late for that and he pushed
down on my shoulders until my ass reached the seat and I screamed from the pain.

She then bent down and lifted my legs up and tied them to the side rungs of the
chair making the dildo go in even further.   I was in terrible pain.  She then
tied one hand behind me and pushed the end of my leash into my vagina and told
me to eat.

I really had lost my appetite by now but I knew it was only about 10 in the
morning and I would need my strength for the rest of the day.

When I finished eating they sat down to eat but no before the friend leaned down
next to me and told my master and mistress that she had added a new feature to
this chair.  She had her husband pull the chair and me away from the table so
they would have a good clear view of me.  She then removed the leash from my
pussy and removed a section of the chairs seat under my pussy and placed in it a
bowl of some sort.  She then reached under the chair and switched on a switch
and the thing in my rectum came alive.

The master and mistress loved it.  And they loved the idea that the bowl would
catch what ever juices I emitted.  This way if I had an orgasm I couldn't deny
it. 

It moved from side to side in a circular motion and then at intervals it moved
up and down.  I came and came hard.  Then when I didn't think I would be able to
survive another one her friend approached the chair and leaned down.  I thought
she was going to turn it off, instead she sped up the speed of the dildo and I
came again before the first rotation of side to side, up and down was over.

I was exhausted from this.  By now they were finished their breakfast and she
came over to me and turned it off.  The mistress and her friend crouched down
and both suckled my nipples which started me becoming horny again.  But they
lifted me off the dildo and took me into the bathroom by the kitchen and had me
lean across the wash basin and washed me all over.




I am my bosses property 21

===================

I was exhausted from this.  By now they were finished their breakfast and she
came over to me and turned it off.  The mistress and her friend crouched down
and both suckled my nipples, which started me becoming horny again.  But they
lifted me off the dildo and took me into the bathroom by the kitchen and had me
lean across the wash basin and washed me all over.

They led me out of the bath room and had me lean against one of the large glass
window.  At least the window was warm, every room in this house was cold.  They
spread my legs and inserted a dildo into my vagina.  They then started to turn a
screw on the bottom and it started to spread my vagina out.  Then I realized it
wasn't a dildo but the kind of instrument that the gynecologist uses on you. 
Except this one was different it had a chain attached to the front of it and one
to the back of it. They attached a chain around my waist and connected the two
chains from the vagina to the waist chain.  My vagina was wide open.  They then
attached a leash from the end of the dildo type instrument.  They tied my hands
to the waist chain so that my breasts and nipples were standing out.  They
attached nipple clamps on my breast with little bells on them and brushed my
hair into a pony tail once again on top of my head.

They opened the door leading from the solarium outside and gave me a yank to
follow them. I was not ready to go outside yet in public, especially dressed as
I was.  I looked like a real trollop.

This got them really mad and they stuck a big black dildo up my anus and
attached a type of lead stick.  It looked like a hockey stick that attached up
inside the dildo.  With this they were able to push me in front of them.  They
shoved me outside into the damp sunlight. 

The walked straight for the barn.  Inside the barn it was cold and I heard the
animals making noises from moving around.  I prayed they wouldn't give me to the
hands.  They paraded me before them and showed them my breasts.  They kept on
until the lake, where they pushed me into it as far as the stick would let them. 
I was up to my neck in cold water.  At that point they reminded me that my
vagina was wide open and hopefully nothing would go into it.  However, there are
frogs and fish in the lake.  Then they laid down and started playing around with
each other.  Before I knew it they were sixty nining each other and forgot all
about me.  I kept feeling the fish bumping against my vagina and I was paralyzed
with fear that one of them would take a swim in me.  I tried to clench my vagina
closed but that was what the speculum was there for.  

When they finished they yanked me out and laid me down on the grass and removed
the dildo and speculum.  They left the chain around my waist and my hands tied. 
They found a fallen tree and laid me over it.  They found some thistle that they
had put away and started to beat me with it.  They hit my ass numerous times, it
hurt, but nothing like when they bent me back wards over the log with my hands
stuck under my ass.

This caused my pussy to be raised and just at the right height for their attack
and attack they did.  They hit my pussy again and again.  Then the friend
reached into my pussy to see if I was turned on and of course I wasn't.  My
mistress came over and stood above me and pulled my pussy lips open and allowed
her friend to lick me until I came.




I am my bosses property 22

===================

This caused my pussy to be raised and just at the right height for their attack
and attack they did.  They hit my pussy again and again.  Then the friend
reached into my pussy to see if I was turned on and of course I wasn't.  My
mistress came over and stood above me and pulled my pussy lips open and allowed
her friend to lick me until I came.

The mistress leaned over me and inserted her fingers and them pulled them out. 
She wiggled them in front of my face and said the Master will be so pleased to
see that you are learning pleasure from pain.  With that her friend reached into
her pocket and pulled out a small chain and hooked it to my nipples with the
bell clips on it.  She then yanked on it until I got up and led me at a run
through the woods until we arrived back at the house. 

I was panting by the time I came to the front stairs.  They dragged me by my
nipples up the flight of stairs until we were back in the room.  There the
master and his friend joined them.  The mistress couldn't wait to tell the
master about what had occurred out there.

The master and his friend wanted to show the ladies what I had learned this
morning so the pulled me over to the metal chair.  They pushed me down into it
and put my legs in the stirrups and cranked them very wide.  He anchored my head
by once again tying my pony tail under the back of the chair causing my neck to
arch.  He they lowered the back until it was roughly at a mans waist and raised
the bottom until it was again roughly at a mans waist height.  Unfortunately the
chair was on a raised platform so that in order for my head to be even he had to
lower the top a lot making me feel like I was upside down.

Then they each stepped forward.  Friend near my head and Master need my vagina.

They attached alligator clips to my nipples which had a string attached and
another set to my clitoris with a string attached.  My master gave the string
from my clitoris to his friend near my head and he took the sting from my breast
near my feet. 

The master said it would be like ride em cowboy.  Each one would ride until I
made one of them cum first and the winner would take me in my asshole.  And away
they went.  My master shoved his penis in my vagina at the same time his friend
shoved his penis in my mouth.  They moved and pushed like they were on fire. 
They yanked on my nipples and clitoris.  They pushed me into each other.  Until
My masters friend spewed in my mouth and yelled hurrah I won the prize.  My
master yanked off the chains from my clitoris and started hitting me there.  He
said,  "You wanted him to win you bitch you must have helped him by tonguing
him.  You only let me push it in and out of you and you did not help me."  and
with that he came.

He roughly untied my legs and lifted them over my head showing his friend my ass
hole and said go over there and take her roughly and I mean roughly. His friends
wife got him hard by masturbating him fast and then he pulled away from her and
ploughed his huge penis into me.  He then pulled out roughly and ploughed in
again. He did this another time and then he staying in my ass and kept pounding
into me with such force my breasts felt as if they were going to go flying over
my head.




I am my bosses property 23

===================

He roughly untied my legs and lifted them over my head showing his friend my ass
hole and said go over there and take her roughly and I mean roughly. His
friend's wife got him hard by masturbating him fast and then he pulled away from
her and ploughed his huge penis into me.  He then pulled out roughly and
ploughed in again. He did this another time and then he staying in my ass and
kept pounding into me with such force my breasts felt as if they were going to
go flying over my head.

My master reached my breasts and pulled them up by the nipples so that every
time his friend banged into me they hurt.  Finally his friend erupted into me. 
When he was finished he did not pull out like my boss does.  He put his knees on
the chair and laid on me with his penis still in me and rested on me, as we were
mutual lovers.  He then whispered in my ear, "you're a good fuck.  Maybe when
your masters finished with you I will take you for my farm."

He then got off of me.  It was dinnertime and they led me to the bathroom and
washed me off with ice cold water.  They used yellow dish gloves so their hands
wouldn't be hurt by the cold.  It is an incredible feeling to have your body
washed with soap and have some one rub it around wearing rubberized gloves. 
When they opened my vagina to clean it out they stuck their rubberized fingers
into it. 

They put me over the grate to dry me off while they went to get dressed.  They
came back in their tuxedo and long dresses again.

They led me down stairs to the formal dinning room where the table was set for
four.  There were four chairs and a pole at the head of the table.  The boss led
me over to the pole and told me to straddle it.  He then cranked it all the way
up until it was fully inserted into my vagina.  He then fed me like a child. 

He then snapped his fingers and ordered his waitress to take me back up stairs
and secure me on the altar.  I didn't want to go with her so he told Misha to go
with her and to make sure I was tied securely, with my legs far apart.  When I
was tied down he had the choice of punishment.

He dragged me up the two flights of stairs by my ponytail.  He threw me roughly
onto the stone slab and the waitress tied my hands and feet as far apart as they
were able.  Misha took a lash with braided tines and stood between my eyes and
started to hit me hard between the legs.  He said count.  One, scream, two,
scream, three, scream, this went on until 35 and I was hoarse. She then reached
between my pussy lips and took her fingernail and mashed down on my clitoris
making me arch my back as she tried to fit her hand into my pussy but she was
unable.  He then leaned down and licked my pussy until I was about to cum.  He
said, "next chance he got he would visit me again and this time I would know it
was him at the time."   That meant that he was the one who took me over the wood
table the first night I was there.

They left me there in the dark to wait for the Master and his friends.

In they came about an hour later.  Each one had on a black outfit.  The outfits
were skin tight.  The men's had holes at their crotches so that their penises
hang out and the women had holes so each of their breasts hung out and a hole so
that their vagina was accessible.




I am my bosses property 24

===================

The men's had holes at their crotches so that their penises hang out and the
women had holes so each of their breasts hung out and a hole so that their
vagina was accessible.  Each held two candles in their hands.  One was red and
one was black.  When they reached me they each put one of the candles in the
holders and with the others moved closer to me.

The master said that this was the night that they held the ritual that they mark
their property as their own.  They each had a signet ring of sorts in their
hands.  It was the type of thing that in the old days they pressed in wax to
seal letters.

They started to lean the candles over.  One red over one breast, one black over
one breast, and the other two over my vagina.  The mistress told her friend to
clip the hood back on my vagina to expose my clitoris.  They then proceeded to
tip their candles so wax dropped on my breasts.  I screamed from the pain.  One
breast was black and one breast was done all in red.  They did all but my
nipples.  They then reversed their candles.  With the candle in one had and the
signet in the other they tipped their candle and stamped down hard with the
signet on my nipple.   The pain was horrible.

Then they moved down to my vagina.  They started to pour the wax on my vagina
and then poured the hot wax on my clitoris and stamped it hard.  They were
laughing.  I was crying and screaming and straining in my bondage. 

Then they proceeded to peel the wax off my breast and vagina but left the wax on
my clitoris at this time.  My nipples were too sensitive.  The wives leaned down
to suck on them and I almost passed out.  The boss and his friend approached us
and took out two needles and two gold rings.  When I saw them I knew what they
were for and I screamed and begged, "no please don't do this, please don't
disfigure me this way.  Please, Please I beg you." 

They moved forwards ignoring my pleas.  They took out some string since my
nipples had gone flat, even with the sucking, due to my upcoming horror.

They started to bind my breasts up like they had done before.  Twining the rope
around them until the top of my breasts and nipples were pointing up from the
blood rushing there.  They took the needles and with out any preliminaries
pushed the needle through them and moved it back and forth.  I was screaming at
the top of my lungs.  The boss's friend pulled my ponytail back and inserted his
penis in my mouth.  So I was being orally raped while being tortured.  The
friend's wife went between my legs and then I noticed she had put on a dildo,
which she inserted into me with no warning.  Right in, pushing its way in.  She
then tore off the wax that was covering my clitoris.  I was in a massive amount
of pain. 

The boss then slid the needles out and inserted the gold hoops.  They just
circled my nipples when they were laying flat but they were big enough so that
you could attach something to them.

The friend came in my mouth.

They started to untie me and I hoped that they were finished.  But that was not
the case.  The boss said,  "since you denied me obedience before I will deny you
a bed tonight." With that they dragged me over to one of the statues and lifted
me up and inserted the penis of the statue in my ass.  It hurt they had not
oiled the statue or me.  With that they strapped my hands behind the statue and
strapped my neck to it and my feet around the back to.  The only part that
seemed to be holding was the massive stone penis.

Tomorrow they said they would have more guest and it may be interesting for me
to know that I wouldn't be going to work on Monday.

They turned off the light and said goodnight. 




I am my bosses property 25

====================

Tomorrow they said they would have more guests and it may be interesting for me
to know that I wouldn't be going to work on Monday.

They turned off the light and said goodnight.

When they arrived in the morning I was fit to be tied.  I would have promised
them anything if they had let me get in bed.  The master and his friend roughly
pulled me off the penis.  It felt as if my whole anus was raw.  They had their
wives was me off, dry my hair, inspect my pussy for hair and the few they found
they took out their tweezers and plucked them out.

They then oiled my vagina until it shinned.  Then they told me to bend over and
grab my ankles.  When I did I felt an oil finger enter my butt and move in and
out.  Soothing the hurt that had been there before.  They then pulled my hair
into a ponytail again but this time made a lot of braids out of it until it hung
down in back.  They then pulled my nipple rings and poured oil on them and moved
them back and forth.

When they were finished the men came in and put cuffs on my hands and cuffed my
hands in front of me.  They attached a leash to the front of the cuffs and
pulled me after them down the stairs to a room on the left.  There was a stage
with a curtain on it.  I was put around the back of the curtain.  I was hung by
a meat hook through my cuffs.  Then Misha came in and attached a spreader bar to
my ankles so that my feet and legs were no where near touching.  He leaned over
me and gave me a very wet French kiss and pulled my nipple rings swinging my
breasts back and forth.

I could hear music from the other side of the curtain and some voices.  What did
they have in store for me now?

Slowly the curtains opened and the master said, "thank you all for coming today. 
I have personally trained the slave we are auctioning off today.  She still has
fire in her and she doesn't always get turned on.  Of the people here today I
know that this is very important because you like to play at the game of rape."

As the curtain fully opened I say at least 10-15 men all in a semi circle around
the stage and my master right next to where I was.  He pointed to me with a
thick, billy club of sorts.  On one end was the billy club and on the handle was
the biggest black dildo I had ever seen.  The dildo was at least 14 inches long
and 3 � inches wide.

He showed them my teeth and nose.  He showed them my muscle tone.  He swung me
around and slapped my ass with the billy club bringing up red welts.  He then
motioned to Misha and another guy and they lifted the spreader bar and connected
to the meat hook.  They fiddled around making sure I looked O.K. for the master. 
Then they swung me towards the men.  In this position my most private parts were
displayed for all to see.  They had a clear shot of my pussy and my ass hole.

My master approached me and had his wife come behind me and pull my pussy lips
back.  This gave everyone a good and clear look into my red pussy.  My boss took
a pointer and pushed this way and that.  Some one wanted to know how deep my
vaginal canal was.  The master took the dildo and pushed it in until only 2
inches hung out.  The bidder said, "my, my, I could train her to take at least 7
more inches."  And with that he wet his lips.

Another one wanted to see my ass and the master with no compunction shoved the
dildo up and moved it in an out.  To my dismay I started to cry.  Another bidder
got up and came forwards and licked my tears and said it's good to know you
still can be broken."




I am my bosses property 26

===================

To my dismay I started to cry.  Another bidder got up and came forwards and
licked my tears and said it's good to know you still can be broken."

And with that the master started the bidding.  He explained that this sale was
for one month while he and his wife would be out of the country.  But, the
person who got me would essentially be able to do with me what they wanted.

He opened the bidding at 1,000 dollars; there was a bid from the first man,
5,000 from the second who said he would break me in some more.  The bidding went
on between him and the other guy.  I was so distraught on how this happened to
me I really wasn't paying attention until I heard, " SOLD to Master Gogh for
$15,000 dollars."

I realized Master Gogh was the man who said he would break me in some more.   I
was terrified.

He approached my master and gave him a money order for the money.  He came over
a pulled a big hunting knife out from his suit jacket.  He ran the dull side of
the blade up inside my pussy lips just tweaking the clitoris with it.  He then
turned the knife around and cut my arms down and threw me over his shoulder.  He
left the spreader bar on and said now we will return to my ranch.  He threw me
into a horse carrier and tied my arms to the hooks that stabilize the horses
during moving.  And off we went.

end 26

===================================

Dear loyal readers:

The story is about to take a different twist now.  I need to know if you want me
to continue or end it here.

zone July 30, 2000




I am my bosses property 27

===================

I realized Master Gogh was the man who said he would break me in some more.   I
was terrified.

He approached my master and gave him a money order for the purchase he made.  
He came over a pulled a big hunting knife out from his suit jacket.  He ran the
dull side of the blade up inside my pussy lips just tweaking the clitoris with
it.  He then turned the knife around and cut my arms down and threw me over his
shoulder.  He left the spreader bar on and said now we will return to my ranch. 
He threw me into a horse carrier and tied my arms to the hooks that stabilize
the horses during moving.  And off we went.

With only my arms secured my body bounced all over the horse carrier.  As we hit
a bump I heard a groan from the other side of the Partition and I realized I was
not alone. He must have purchased someone else.  I tried to speak to whomever
was over there but either the person could not speak or had a gag in their
mouth.

It seemed like hours until we reached out destination.  It felt like we kept
going up towards the mountains.  Finally we stopped and Master Gogh came around
an opened the lift gate.  He went into the other side and dragged out a man.  He
was tied with his hands and feet together.  Master Gogh unhooked his hands from
his feet and motioned his cowhands over. They approached with a pole that they
stuck between his arms and legs, holding him like a steer.  However, he wasn't
pointed inwards.  His penis was on the outside pointing down.  The cowhands put
the pole in their shoulders and carried him.  I noticed that he was erect and
the way they were carrying him his penis dragged on the ground.  It must have
hurt because he kept on groaning.

Next Master Gogh came into my section, untied my hands and picked me up by the
spreader bar and hoisted me over his shoulder like a rack of meat.  He carried
me into the stable and threw me into a stall and slid the door closed.  He
didn't even unlock the spreader bar. 

He called for the groom.  The groom was a big, fat ugly man.  He stood 6'11" and
weighed about 350 pounds.  He looked greasy and in need of a shower.  He came
into my stall and unhooked the spreader bar.  He led me to the showers where he
stripped off my collar and handcuffs.  He then told me to "spread you fucking
legs and lean you fucking body forwards until you are against the wall."  He
then poured lye soap over me and took a scrub brush and scrubbed me all over. 
He even took the brush to my breasts and vagina. 

He then took me to a stump in the entrance of the barn and told me to straddle
it.  He then had a woman come over who did my hair in one long pony tail then
looped it back on itself and it formed an o. 

They then took me to the house for inspection of Master Gogh.  When I arrived I
was told to get down on all fours and crawl into the house.  I was to crawl onto
the table in the middle of the den and await my master.  The master came in and
told me to spread those legs and he took out a pencil, pad of paper, a
questionnaire and a measuring tape and measuring dildo.  He made sure to show me
that it opened up and got thicker.

He started with name, age, weight.  Did you ever have anal sex?  yes
Have you had plugs used on you? yes
Have you ever had sex with animals?  no
Have you ever been beaten? yes
	Until you bled?  no
Have you ever been bitten? yes
	Until you bled? no
Have you been confined with a chastity belt?  yes
Have you had forced exercise?  no
Have you been examined by someone other than your owner?  yes
Have you been anally fisted?  no
Have you been vaginally fisted?  no
Have you been given away to another Master?  yes
	How many?  1
Have you given a hand job?  no
Have you received a hand job? yes
	From male or female.  Female
Have ice cubes been used on you?  kind of
What do you mean kind of?  my bosses wife used a frozen Popsicle on me
	Where?  my vagina
	In or on?  in
Have you been pussy whipped?  yes
	by whip. 	yes
	by cane	no
	by bull whip	no
Have you been ass whipped?  yes
Have you ever ridden the horse?  yes (and I shuddered, he then wrote something
else  down.)
Have you had a speculum in your vagina? yes
Have you had one in your ass?  no
Have you been placed in stocks? no
Have you sucked on strap on dildo's? no
Have you been penetrated by a strap on dildo anally?  yes
Have you been penetrated by a strap on dildo vaginally? yes
Has a vibrator been used on you vaginally?  yes
Have you watched your Master fuck other slaves?  no
Have you ever fucked another slave? no

Well now for your measurements?




I am my bosses property 28

===================

With that he stood up and motioned me to lift my self up on my knees. He took
the tape and measured my head and neck.  He then told me to lift up my breasts
by the nipples and measured the circumference, from side to nipple.  He then
said let go. 

He took out a device that had a lot of rings on it and shoved my nipple into it
until he found the one that was fitting correctly.  After each measurement he
wrote it down on the application.  He moved to my waist and hips.  He then
measured my gash from front to back, and the width of my pussy. 

He then said lay on your back and spread your legs.  He approached me with that
dildo that grew.  He put it into me and it didn't feel so bad.  It went in with
no problems.  "Ahh, " he said and wrote down, special note: excited my questions
and examination.  He then started to screw the dildo so it grew in length.  He
said we will start at 6 inches, 7 inches, still ok, 8 inches a little tight, 9
inches a little tight, 10 inches it feels like it couldn't go any more, 11
inches still moving forward but prisoner is squirming.  12 inches still moving
forward by prisoner is crying.  13 inches stop and prisoner is screaming.  He
went behind me and put a horse's wooden bit into my mouth and tied it behind my
head.  This will shut you up until I'm finished with you.

He then started to turn it with another type of screwdriver and it started to
expand width wise.  We will start with 1 inch, ok, 2 inches still ok, 3 inches
getting tight, 4 inches she is at maximum. She will need to be trained to take
larger width and length. 

While he made these measurements he kept speaking them out loud.  He then told
me to get off the table.  He left the device in me and to lean against the table
on my stomach.  I couldn't even put my legs together if I wanted to.  He put the
same type of device in my ass and the length he got to was 5 inches long and 1
1/2 inches round.  "Well, well, well that is one orifice that will be opened a
lot more before we return you to your original Master."

And with that he removed both the anal probe and the vaginal probe.  It felt
like my vagina was wide open and he meant to open it more. 

With that he hooked his finger into my nipple ring and pulled me outside and
took me over to a corral.  This corral had no slats.  I did notice that on the
outside it had what looked like steps and a walkway near the top for
observation.  He led me into the corral and tied my nipples to the stake in the
middle of the corral.  He gave me about 5 feet of slack for movement.  I
couldn't understand what was going on.  He then motioned the cowhand to open the
door to the barn and a cow came in.  Then they opened another door and a bull
came in.  He smelled the cow in heat and started chasing her.  Around and around
the corral they went almost charging at me.  I had to move to get out of their
way time and time again. 

The bull then got the cow in the corner and humped her until he was finished. 
He then approached me and sniffed me between the legs and went on his way. 
Master Gogh jumped into the rink and told me that was my first lesson in animal
husbandry and this would be my second.  He marched me to the same corner and
told me to grab my ankles and pushed me into the corner and he shoved his organ
into my unprepared vagina and he kept pushing and pushing until he was all the
way in and he pumped and pumped until he spewed his jism out into my vagina. 
There was so much that it ran down my legs when he pulled him self-out.  He
snapped his finger to me to follow him.  I followed him with his sperm rolling
down my legs.




I am my bosses property 29

===================

He then took me over to a bronco rider.  For you who don't know this what a
rodeo rider tries to stay on when he is training to ride a bull.  He told me to
get up on the step and step over the top of it and put my legs in the stirrups. 
I did not move because I was so embarrassed that all his jism would come rolling
down my legs.  I still felt it in massive doses in my vagina.  He took his
bullwhip and let go with such force that it wrapped around my ass to my breast. 
He said,  "I am not here to coddle you I am here to inflict pain and teach you
obedience." 

I very slowly put my legs over the bull.  He cuffed my legs to the side of the
bull and tied my hands to the neck of the bull.  It was big and cold since it
was made of steel.  He then reached down between my legs and spread my lips and
started to crank the bulls tail.  I felt something rise between by legs.  It
kept on moving up and up inside me until it was painful. He then started the
bull at a slow pace.  The bull was moving in the same direction as the dildo and
I felt the dildo move back and forth in a circular motion while at the same time
in an up and down motion.  It made my breath catch.  He made the bull going
faster and faster until he saw my breathing coming rapidly and then he slowed it
down.  Bringing me back from close to the edge and then he would speed it up and
slow it down until I was begging to be let come. 

He stopped the bull before I came.  I kept on moving on the dildo but it
retracted into the bull until there was nothing for me to rub on.  He untied me
and I was crying for fulfillment.  My other Master was not that cruel to let me
go to the brink so many times without fulfillment. 

He dragged me to the wood table, had me lay back on it and spread my legs wide
and motioned for a woman to come over.  She was over 5'11" and weighed about
165.  She had the shortest hair I had ever seen on a woman.  He informed me that
she was what was known as a lesbian.  He nodded to her and she opened her mouth
and I could see she had the longest tongue I had ever seen.  It reminded me of a
serpent's tongue.  It was only missing the split in it.  She approached me and
bent down and started to lick my vagina and it felt as if at the same time stick
her tongue into my canal.  I wanted a man in my cunt not a tongue however after
a few licks I was cumming in this creature's mouth.  She looked pure evil.

But cum I did so hard that I was convulsing from the pleasure.  She sucked up
all my juices and then latched on to my clitoris and brought me to the brink
again and then she made me cum again by sticking her fingers into my vagina and
massaged the canal with her fingernails.   Moving them in and out just like a
dick.  She moved them rapidly and slowed down and sped up.

She got up and I could see my cum on her lips and she took her tongue and wiped
her lips off. 

Master Gogh then pulled me up by ponytail and pushed me over to the fence and
climb until I reached the top and was able to lean over it.  It was only about 3
feet off the ground. He told me to hold on to the closest rung and he tied my
hands to it and then he secured my feet to the rung they were resting on. He
then stepped back and I heard a whistling in the air.




I am my bosses property 30

===================

The next thing there is a tearing pain from my ass up over my shoulder.  I look
back and see the bull whip that he is rearing back again with and then letting
go.  He then comes over to me and tells me that for every cow in that pen I will
get a stroke in their honor.  I look and there are over 100 cows in that pen. 
He steps back and starts counting out loud. One, two and onward.  The groom put
a box before my head and climbed up.  He inserted his penis into a mouth and
told me to pleasure him meaning suck until he cums.  All this while Master Gogh
was whipping me with his bullwhip.  I wanted to scream but was unable for the
penis in my mouth.  I worked the penis in my mouth as Master Gogh worked my ass
and back real good. 

When it was over Master Gogh said to finish Manuel right then and there and I
gave one thick pull on his penis and he came.

I thought Master Gogh was going to untie me.  Instead he came over to me and
cleaned by back from the blood and put some horse salve as he called it over my
wounds.  He then said he was going to leave me there for a time and he showed me
the bullwhip. It was almost the same bullwhip that my previous master used
during the auction.  Except this one was longer and thicker.  He went around to
my ass and pushed the dildo portion in. He kept pushing until it met resistance
then put one hand on my ass and spread the cheeks aPart and pushed it in a
little further.

I felt him hand a sign on the bullwhip but I did not know what it said.  All of
a sudden some one walked up and started to work the dildo back and forth in my
ass.  Then the person went away.  They kept on coming to work the dildo, by know
I figured out what the sign said. 

In one hour it was quiet and people basically left me alone.  I looked in the
corral and saw that all the cows were gone.  Master Gogh walked in with the
slave from the carrier.  He had a cock and ball ring on.  He had a strap
attached to it.  This is what the master was leading him with. 

With one hand on the leash he took out a bullwhip and started to whip him.  When
he tried to move a way the master would yank him back by the leash attached to
his balls.  The slave did not know which way to cover.  His ass or his penis. 
He just kept on screaming and the Master told him to shut up.  He pulled him
over to the sign that read "Corral".  It was a wood sign that hung on a u shaped
doorway.  He tied his arms to the two sides far aPart and then strung his feet
far apart.  He took his penis lead and put it over his shoulder. 

I just stared at them.  I was fascinated to watch it being done to some one else
and not me.

Master Gogh went behind him unzipped his pants and pulled his penis out of his
pants.  It amazed me that he didn't get undressed.  He looked so erotic with his
penis hanging out from between his fly and his being all dressed.  He approached
the spread slave and pulled his ass cheeks apart and said to him.  " You wanted
some thing to scream about and not you will have it."  With that he entered the
slave in one push.  In and Out.  The more the slave screamed the harder he
pushed.  When it seemed he broke the slave he started to pull on his penis
leash.  With every in stroke he pulled up on the leash, pulling his penis and
balls up.  The slave started to scream again. 

While my attention was on this scene, Cassia, the lesbian approached me and
stuck her fingers in my vagina without me even seeing her.  I was startled at
the intrusion.  She said, "I was just checking on how you enjoyed it and I can
see you enjoyed it immensely."




I am my bosses property 31

===================

She untied me and brought me down with the dildo still sticking out of my ass. 
She took a hold of the whip and pulled me back to the stables.  She removed my
nipple rings and made me get up on a table of sorts.  It consisted of two slats
with cuffs on each end.  It looked like the lift that a mechanic puts your car
on but on a much smaller scale.  She told me the way to get on it is to kneel
and crawl forwards.  I did this and she buckled my legs and arms in.  She then
pushed a button and it started to rise.  She let it rise until she could stand
under me. 

She went to the cabinet and pulled out a syringe and a vial of clear liquid. 
She stuck the needle inside the vial and filled it up.  She then approached me. 
I tried to get away and she went behind me and tickled my pussy telling me to
calm down.  While she was back there she pulled the bull whip from my ass.

She then came around the front and grabbed my breasts and massaged the nipple
until it stood out.  When she got the right one the way she wanted she plunged
the needle into it.  She then did the same to the left nipple.  She explained
that this would cause me to start lactating.  Each day they wanted milk from me
they would do this.  It was not an everyday occurrence.  They were still
categorizing me.  She took out my folder and started to write in it. 

She them pushed a machine closer to me and pulled two cups attached to a cord to
them.  She stuffed my breasts into them.  One in each cup and they sealed to my
chest.  She then took a dildo made of metal with spikes on it and inserted it
into my pussy.  She said when the machine starts the dildo will move and every
time I have an orgasm the cups on my breast will squeeze my breasts and the milk
my orgasm produced will be expelled into this vial.  It was a big vial.  She
said I would not be released until it was filled.  So get ready to orgasm a lot. 

With that she turned on the machine and I felt the dildo start to move. The
little things sticking out moved to titillate my inside of the vagina.  The
dildo pushed in and out, around and around and gave out little pulses to the
small probe that was touching my clitoris. 

I came at once.  Right away the cups started their suction boy did that hurt.  I
thought I had orgasmed a lot but only a couple of drops came out. 

As soon as the suction got all that there was the dildo started again but this
time it grew a little longer and thicker.  I kept on orgasming and every time
the dildo grew bigger and bigger but the vial was not full.  Finally it grew so
big I felt that it was tearing me.  I thought I felt blood between my legs.  
Master Gogh came in and pulled out the dildo.  He was so mad at Cassia for
injuring me this way.  He called her in and ordered her to take me down.  He
said didn't she know any better that there was no way I could handle a vial that
size because I was so new to the farm.

She untied me and laid me down on the straw in my room.  He ordered her to wash
me.  She was gentle because the Master was watching.

He then snapped his fingers and she approached him.  He ordered her to disrobe
and I was surprised to see rings in her nipples.  He then ordered her to sit on
a type of saddle that was supported on a wood beam in the middle of the barn. 
She laid over it and I noticed her ass and vagina was there for everyone to see. 
He tied her nipples to the bottom of the post and said.  "Since you disobeyed my
orders I am going to give you the one punishment that you can't stand." 

"No please Master Gogh any thing but that."

"For that disobedience you will have your ass whipped first." he said.




I am my bosses property 32

===================

He took out a paddle and paddled her ass until it glowed red and he ran his hand
over it and said, "its so hot just the way I want it."

He then walked over and talked to the head groom and he brought in a male slave
who had a suction cup still attached to his penis.  The master explained to me
that he was not allowed to come and he was very large due to the state of a his
arousal.  Since Cassia hates men this is the perfect punishment for her.  Rape
and brutal.  She can't fight back and she has to submit."

With that he removed the cup and let the slave's reigns go.  He looked at his
master and the Master gave him a pat on the butt and a nod.  He charged at
Cassia and ploughed right into her.  Making her cry out in pain.  The master
came over to me and explained that she is very tight because the only time she
is allowed to put a dildo or penis in her snatch is when she is being punished. 
Because I'm sure that you figured out or were told that Cassia is a lesbian. 
And the worse punishment for her is to be violated by a lowly man."  Cassia was
crying out and from the force of the thrusts her nipples were also getting a
good workout due to the fact that they were tied down to the post.

As they continued together the boss started to finger me and told me dinner
would be there in a few minutes.  The cook came in with a bowl and a cup of
liquid and told me to drink and eat it all.  And I did, I was so hungry I
finished every last drop. 

Then Master Gogh opened his pants and pulled out his penis and told be to give
him the blow job of my life.  If I gave good head I would be able to sleep in my
bed and if I didn't I would be hog-tied on the floor all night.

I immediately dropped to me knees and took his penis in my mouth just like my
other master had taught me.  Up and down, I tongued his balls and pulling gently
on the hair on the balls, back up to the penis and finally licking the hole on
the top.  With a groan Master Gogh pulled me close and forcibly held me head and
pushed his penis in and out until he reached orgasm.

He said that was great and zipped up his pants and said no will bother you for
the rest of the night.  With that he shut the floor to ceiling door on my stable
and locked me in for the night.




I am my bosses property 33

===================

I climbed on the bed and curled up and went to sleep in my knowledge that Master
Gogh's word was good and I would not be bothered.

Unfortunately the night was too short and daybreak came.  With it came new
tortures that would be carried out on me.

I heard the stall door slide open and I was motioned out and corralled into a
big room.  When I entered I saw at least 20 women and 15 men.  They were bent at
the waist with their heads between bars and their hands tied above them to a
pole.  Their legs were attached to the pole on the floor behind them.  Their
lower bodies were over a grate or long drain of some sort.  None of them looked
happy.  I could see why it was an uncomfortable position to be in.  They looked
like cows lined up to be milked.

They stuck my head in between the bars and I was tied like the rest of them with
my feet spread behind me.  Then a cowhand approached each of us and sprayed us
with soap and took a brush out and scrubbed our bodies.  They got down and did
out fronts.  They scrubbed really hard that and you could hear a lot of moaning. 

Then they got up and took a bottle filled with yellow liquid and squirted a good
amount in out vagina and ass hole.  Then they took a utensil that looked like a
bottle brush and inserted it into first our vagina and scrubbed us inside and
then washed it off and inserted it into our ass.  It had to be soap because I
felt suds dripping between my legs.  They then took a hose of ice cold water and
hosed us down.  Then cleaned our vagina's or penises and stuck the hose in our
rectum as far as it would go. They turned the water down so it wasn't so hard
and a solid stream of cold water entered our rectums like a douche.  Once they
made sure it would not fall out.  They came around in front of us and dropped
their pants. I saw some were cowgirls and some were cowboys.   The one in front
of me was a girl.  I did not know what she wanted but I saw the girl next to me
grab her cow boys penis in her mouth and go to town.  Now I understood.  I
leaned into her vagina and started to lick.  First up and down and then lick
very hard her clitoris with fast moving strokes and she was cumming in a matter
of time.  When they were finished getting their rocks off they unplugged the
hose and all out feces fell out.  They washed us again with soap and cleaned us
up.

They then attached a sort of hose into our mouths and clear liquid came out and
I was to find out that this was breakfast.  They only gave us clear liquid
nourishment during the day so that we wouldn't have to go and poop during our
workouts or punishment.

Then each cowhand attached a bit to our mouth.  Each bit had reigns on it which
they attached to a dildo that they inserted into our ass. 




I am my bosses property 34

===================

They removed the dildo but left the reigns on.  We approached the table, which
was a cross like contraption.  The only difference is that in the middle was a
wooden dildo.  They dragged me to that table and I was told to straddle the slat
with my ass right above the dildo.  It was hard but I did it.  Then two of the
grooms kicked my legs out and I fell on the dildo full force.  I felt as if my
hole was ripped.  I hadn't realized how big it was.  Then I was told to lie down
on my back and pull my legs up and rest them on the slats.  They secured my legs
with two different cuffs on the bottom.  They then secured my head to the top of
the chair.  They separated my legs by moving the slats that split into two. 
Then they spread my arms out onto the slats and cuffed them down.
They then blind folded me.

They then said, "this morning we will be working on sensory feelings.  We will
put items in your hands, mouth, pussy and rectum and on your breasts and you
will identify them.  If you are wrong you will get a cat of nines across an
exposed Part of your body and never in the same place twice."

With that I felt some thing in my hand.  I closed my hand and felt twin balls
that squished and I noticed that I felt a penis on top and I said,  "Balls of a
Man." 

"Good, that was easy."

Next, I felt some thing on my chests, it was sliding around.  I started to
scream and I felt the cat of nines hit me square on my pussy.  "Wrong Answer,
try again." I kept on screaming.  He hit me again and again.  Finally I pulled
myself together long enough to say it felt like a snake."  He said right.  He
took the snake off but not before he teased me by playing the head of the snake
on the lips of my vagina.

Next I heard something being led into the room.  It sounded strange.  I felt a
long tongue lick at my pussy.  They I felt the lips being pulled back and the
tongue went into my canal.  I was shuddering.  I knew what this was and I never
thought that I would be doing this with a cow.  I said cow and he said you are
good. 

What more could they do?  I was being debased like an animal.  Next I heard a
cluck of a tongue and I felt some thing being applied to my clitoris and then
some thing sharp start to peck at it.  I cried, that's a rooster or a chicken. 
That's right he said.

And then that was withdrawn. 

It was quiet and I felt something being pushed into me. He kept on pushing it
into me.  Then he placed his hand over my opening of my vagina and moved my
pelvic area up and down and I felt rattling.  I said is it a metallic dildo, NO,
the whip came down on my breast.  He moved my pelvic area again and pulled a
little of the thing out.  It was a chain, I could feel the link.  He said,
"right" and he placed his finger on my clitoris and started to stimulate me and
as he pulled out the links one by one and he made me cum.

When the links were all out he placed a butterfly stimulator on me and told me,
he would time me to see how many times I could cum.  He placed it on me and it
started to work right away.  The more excited I got I had to move and the only
way I could move was up and down on the wooded dildo.  I kept riding that dildo
until I came.  But he didn't turn off the butterfly and I started to cum again
and again.   By the third time I was sweating and exhausted.  My nipples were
standing out and he tried to reinsert my nipple rings but my holes had closed
up.
He said we will re pierce your nipples again at a later date and I shivered.




I am my bosses property 35

===================

Next he said so much for pleasure now some pain.  He untied me and tried to pull
me off the dildo which was stuck into me.  He had a hard time getting me off
because it was so big and I obviously was not.  He got a hoist and tied my
breast in a criss cross motion and then pulled up.  I lifted a little at a time
until I cleared the top of the dildo. 

He then lowered me onto the floor and told me to spread my legs and he inserted
a dildo which he screwed in until it wouldn't go any further.  How did he know
that. I guess it was from my painful movements and expression.  He then attached
a leash on to the end of the dildo and he attached two alligator clips to my
nipples.  On these he placed two bells that rang if I moved.  He then led me out
into the open air and led me over to a building that was behind all the other
building.

I could see big, steel cages coming out from the wall.  The top of the building
was large and the cages were just as large. As we rounded the bend in the road I
saw a sign that read "Master Gogh Zoo - Welcome"

We entered the building and I heard monkey sounds coming out of the cages.  My
cowhand told me to lean against the door and removed the dildo.  He took some
cream out and smeared it on my vagina and the door slid open and he pushed me
into what I found was the cages and sitting in the corner was a gorilla.  It was
the blackest and meanest gorilla I had ever seen.  I turned back to the door and
it shut.  Leaving me in the cage with the ape. 

I also noticed that we were outside and that people were walking around.  As I
was pushed into the cage quite a few people started to gather and watch.  Most
were Masters or Mistresses with their own slaves in a leash.

The gorilla got up and stared at me and then he sniffed.  He sniffed again.  He
started to approach me and I moved away from him in my terror.  He kept
approaching me.  He finally reached out one of his leathery fingers and touched
me right in the nipple.  He then did the same thing to the other nipple.

I started to run to another corner but he knocked me down and shoved his finger
into my vagina and lifted me up as if he was showing me off.  He then carried me
over to a slab on which he sat and put me down.  He kept one hand in my hair,
roughly and sat down.  He then lifted me up by my waist and held me up side down
and forced my mouth onto his leathery penis.  He rubbed my face on it and then
turned me over again and played with my breast. Pushing them one way and then
another. 

As the terror went on he once again turned my right side up and impaled me on
his enormous penis.  When he did that I screamed and all the Masters and
Mistresses applauded and all the slaves looked sick thinking that this could be
done to them in a minute and they would have no say in the matter.




I am my bosses property 36

===================

Then Master Gogh came along and stood by the cage and crossed his arms and
watched us.  His eyes met mine.  As that gorilla was using me all I could do was
stare at him and loose myself in his eyes.  He then approached the cage and
reached in and slapped the gorilla.  This made the gorilla push me up and down
faster on his dick.  He did this with a growl and I was too afraid to scream. 
He finally spewed in me and then tossed me on the ground where I crawled to the
door.  The door was opened and I was pulled through but not before I saw the
anger on the gorillas face as he charged the door.  His toy had been taken away
and he was angry.

As I was stood up and I could barely stand up.  The master was there and he put
a collar around my neck and attached a leash and gave it a yank for me to follow
him.  And follow him I did.

He led me back to his house or mansion and took me up stairs to the bathroom. 
His maid washed me up and treated my pussy with real sweet smelling cream and
placed me into the shower.  She got in there with me.  She was naked and had a
special douche in her hand as she called it.  It was warm water and something
stingy. She inserted the pipe and squeezed.  She said it would cause my pussy to
tighten up after being used in such a way.  That insured more pain of
penetration in the future.  She placed a hose in my anus and filled it with
soapy water and when it came out it was clear and she was happy that I did not
need a bow movement since this morning.  She rinsed me off and then tied my
hands to the showerhead.

The Master came into the bathroom and stripped naked and got into the shower and
turned his back to me as if I wasn't there.  He washed by magnificent back and
legs and his hands disappeared around his front.  When he turned to me his penis
was in full erect mode. He pushed me against the wall and entered me in on fail
swoop.  He was surprised to feel me moist.

He finished his business with me and turned off the shower.  He then got out and
untied my hands from the showerhead and told me to sit next to the sink on the
vanity a spread my legs.  I did this and he came in-between my legs and took out
some hair removal wax paper which he adhered to my pussy. He opened my pussy and
placed it inside the lips also.  He then told me to lift my hands up and under
my arms he placed the paper.  He then ripped them from my underarms.  Boy did it
hurt. Next he tore it off my pussy showing me all the hair that had come off
with it.  And then he spread my pussy lips and pulled whatever hair I had left
there.

He then took me into a room and told me to put on the dress that was laid out. 
It had underwear and the dress.  I put it on the underwear was a g-string and
the dress was harlot red with a big heart cut out on the neck to show my
breasts.

He got dressed in a suit and led me down stairs to a room full of men.  He
showed me off.  I thought he was proud of me but he was actually lulling me into
a false sense of security.  He allowed the men to reach into my dress and fondle
my breasts and pinch my nipple.  Then at the stroke of six they became a wild
bunch. One man grabbed my arms and held them behind my back and another tore my
dress down the front.  I looked for my master but he was nowhere in sight.  He
had left me to be raped by these guys. 

They stripped me all the way down to the g-string and threw me onto the back of
the couch.  Then one man took his teeth and pulled the g-string off and when he
got it down he spread my legs and gnawed on my vagina.




I am my bosses property 37

===================

Another man opened my mouth and shoved his prick into my mouth and started to
move back and forth not caring if I helped him or not.  Then a third man pulled
me off the couch and threw me over an his shoulder and took me across the room
to a cocktail table and threw me over the table with my head hanging off one end
and my legs hanging off the other end. 

He then pulled my legs apart and 2 other guy's  were holding each one wide open
and he shoved his penis in my now smaller and unprepared vagina. 

This was rape there was no doubt about it.  When I opened my mouth to cry out
some one shoved a penis in my mouth and two others took my hands and told to
give them a hand job.  It was hard to give a hand job, oral job while you are
being raped.  Just when I thought it couldn't get worse the guy in my vagina
disconnected everyone and carried me on his penis to the chair where he sat down
and then demanded I get back to what I was doing. 

He then said we forgot about an important hole and with that he pulled my ass
cheeks opened and someone inserted a penis into me.  As this person leaned into
me I could feel breasts. Feminine breasts.  It was Cassia and she laughed when I
discovered that it was her.  She said did you think I would let you have all the
fun.  With that she started to go to town.  She was licking my neck and gave me
a hickey because she was sucking it like she never saw a neck before.  She and
the guy in my vagina came at the same time.  They were replaced by new guys. 
But Cassia was always the one in my ass.  She tried different dildo's on each
time.  Some had stickers on them and strange feeling bumps.  I was raped at
least seven times.

The last guy to mount my pussy saw that I was limp and said what I have for you
should wake you up.  He smiled and I could see his teeth were very sharp.  He
plowed into me and he was by far the biggest penis.  It had to be at least
thirteen inches and 2 1/2 inches around.  He then leaned down and licked my
nipples and kissed around them until my nipple met his sharpened teeth and he
bit down on them drawing blood.  He drew the blood and sucked on them the whole
time he was banging in and out of me. 

When they finished my Master came in and said good night to them.  He instructed
me to get on my knees and when they left unzip their pants, take their cock out
of their pants and kiss the crown of their penis.  Then insert their penis back
in their pants and zip them back up.




I am my bosses property 38

===================

He told me to bend over the arm of the wing chair and spread my legs.  He stood
at the door and told all the men goodbye.  I could feel the cool air on my
pussy.  It felt good because it was so sore.  Between my ass and pussy I
couldn't tell what hurt worse.

He came over to me and inserted his thumb in my ass and his forefinger in my
vagina and squeezed.  He said you did good and here is your reward.   With that
he came around the front of the chair and placed one hand on the back of my neck
and the other on my upper back.  He whistles and I felt paws on my ass.  I could
feel a cold nose pushing in my vagina and a swipe of a tongue.   I screamed.

He said "Sh! it will be all right."  With that the Doberman pincher got up on
his hind legs and his front legs. He braced himself on either side of my waist
and inserted his penis into me.  It wasn't big.  It was long and skinny.  I
think the Master was doing this not to hurt me but to humiliate me.  The dog
kept at it until I felt his dog knot expand and he started to growl when he
couldn't get it out.  He finally pulled and he jerked it out of me.

By now I was whimpering.  I was all cried out and screamed out.  The things that
were done to me today were terrible.  And this was just my first full day.  My
master pulled me up and dragged me by my hair to the stables.  He hoisted me up
against the bars facing the walk way.  He made sure my breasts were pushed
through the openings and my pussy was pushed up right up close for anyone to
play with. He said try to get some sleep we have some more animal training for
tomorrow.

I whimpered, "Why"

Master Gogh looked at me and raised his eyebrow and said, "Because it's what
your other master wanted.  The auction was just a ruse.  He wants you to become
aquatinted in all aspects of this life style.  He just didn't have the zoo and
all the training facilities at his fingertips.  I have answered you this time,
but, it will cost you dearly. Good night."

And with that he turned off the lights.  As he walked by he tweaked my breasts
and slapped his hand up hitting my pussy square on and he laughed.




I am my bosses property 39

===================

My boobs felt sore because they were pushed through the bars and my pussy felt
open of all to see. What was I to do?  I stayed up there all night I barely fell
asleep when I felt a burning pain in my pussy area.  I awoke with a start and
found Cassia standing before me with a short billy club in her hands.  She had
it positioned between my legs and was hitting me in-between.  I noticed she had
spread my pussy lips back making sure she got a clear view of them.  With every
touch of the billy club I felt the burning and bruising sensation.

When the groom came for the morning ritual she stopped but not before
approaching me and sucking on my clitoris and placing the billy club by the
entrance of my vagina.  As she sucked on my clit there was a glorious intense
sensation of pleasure and every time she pushed the club in a little I found
that I would push my hips forward to meet the club.  She laughed and pushed the
billy club in and out at a fast rate.  My hips were moving to the beat.  My
breath was coming in short fast breaths.  I wanted to reach the elusive
fulfillment.  As I was reaching that peak she moved her lips from my clit to my
breasts and sucked on them really hard.  That started me to coming.  I came so
much that she gave the billy club one last push and then she left it alone
because my juices were running down  and it was hard for her to keep a hold of
it. 

I was panting like I had run a long ways.  She leaned into my face and gave me a
kiss full on the mouth.  It was a long and juicy one. 

She then untied me and I fell to the floor like a rag doll.  The groom had to
drag me to the cleaning implement and place a stool under my stomach because I
could barely stand up.

After feeding and cleaning, Master Gogh approached with Cassia.  She pointed to
me and I could tell she was telling him all about this morning.  They each
approached and released me and took an arm.  They dragged me after them until we
reached the zoo entrance.  They kept on pulling me with them until we reached a
steel bolted door.  The Master took out his key ring and unlocked the door. 
Inside there was a long dark, cold hall which they led me down.  At the end of
the hall there was a big room.  As we entered the room I could hear cries and
screams.  In the room there were naked men and women in all types of bondage and
punishment.  One wall of the room was glass which I saw people were looking into
like a display case. 

They brought me over to a device that looked like a reclining chair with a pump
on the end.  They tied me on my back with my feet spread wide.  I could feel the
cold air from the room entering my hot pussy that's how wide my feet were.  They
tied my hands behind the chair which made my nipples and breasts stand out. 
They then attached a dildo shaped like a gargoyle's penis.  These I had seen on
top of towers in Paris.  They were always misshapen and large. 

They had always made me horny when ever I had seen them or looked at them in
pictures.  This penis that they attached was huge and bumpy and curved just like
the pictures.   They moved the attachment right to the entrance of my pussy not
inserting it at all.  I tried to move myself onto it.  I wanted it in my pussy. 
My Master approached me and pushed his hand into my vagina and moved it around. 
He  could not believe how wet I was.  He snapped his fingers and Cassia came
over and she peeled back my pussy lips and touched my button and I tried to
impale my self on the prick.

They master then went over to a male slave that was being sucked by a dog.  He
was tied to a chair with his legs spread wide and the dog was sucking on his
dick with long strokes.  He was fighting it but he came in the dogs mouth.  The
dog started growling and got up on his hind legs and wanted to hump him.  But
all the dog got was his penis rubbing against the slaves penis.  The trainer
took the dog away to another slave, this time a girl and was shown her pussy and
he went right in with one swoop of his tongue over her vagina and he plunged in.

The Master dragged the male slave over to the pump and laid him over it.  He
then picked up a paddle and told him he would be beaten until he came.  Since he
had just come it would be a while. 

He took the paddle and swatted his ass.  This caused the pump to depress and the
dildo to be thrust into my vagina.  I screamed from the pleasure of the thrust. 
But just as fast it was removed when the pump decompressed the dildo was removed
from my vagina.  The Master did it again and when it was removed I screamed from
the pleasure of the thrust and the pain of the withdrawal before I could reach
fulfillment.  I kept on screaming more, more, and then faster, faster.  It
seemed that the Master was listening to me.  And just at the height of pleasure
Cassia said he had an erection and the Master stopped hitting him which made the
dildo stop. 




I am my bosses property 40

===================

I wanted it to continue but no one helped me come to my climax.  I was crying
hysterically.  I wanted fulfillment and I wanted it right now.  I was a raving
lunatic.  I was screaming and crying and sobbing.

Finally the Master had had enough and gagged me with a penis gag.   He then
moved me to pole.  The pole had an upthrust penis contraption on it.  I thought
good they were going to let me come on that.  Instead they turned me around and
hoisted me up until my ass was near the penis and lined up the angle and placed
me down on it.  They tied my arms behind the pole.

The master took out the same paddle he was using before and started to hit one
breast first and then the other breast.  After about 15 minutes he came close
and said what happened to your rings.  We will have to take care of that real
soon.  He took a purple marker from his pocket and marked my right breast right
over the nipple and then my left breasts right over the nipple.  He then bent
down and reached between my legs and he drew and x over my clitoris. 

At this point I didn't realize what that meant, to me all I wanted was some one
to touch me down there and to bring me off.

He shoved the marker into my pussy and started moving it back and forth.  I was
humping it for all I was worth.  But it was too little and I did not get any
fulfillment from it.

I saw Cassia approaching.  She was wearing a big dildo.  It had to have been
around 12 inches and midnight black.  She approached me and spread my pussy lips
and teased my opening of my vagina.  I trust down on it.  The dildo in my ass
hurt because I was down as far as I thought I could go.  She was positioned a
little under that so that when I impaled my self on the dildo it caused me
impale the one in my ass even deeper.  So even when I was seeking fulfillment I
was having pain inflicted on me by myself. 

Cassia barely moved.  I kept on moving up and down so close to that feeling that
I felt like my heart was going to fly from my heart.  All of sudden it came to
an abrupt halt.  I felt as if my nubs were on fire.  I looked down and I saw my
Master holding a lit candle to my nipples.  The pain was terrible.  I was
disoriented. To be brought from the brink of pleasure twice was unbearable.  I
wanted the pleasure but where was I to get it.

They untied me from the pole and moved me to a table and tied me with my hands
to my feet.  This exposed my asshole and my vagina.  Then I heard my Master say, 
"poor slave you want to come don't you"  I shook my head yes.  "well we'll see
what we can do about that.  In walked the games keeper with an greyhound.  This
greyhound already had an erection on.  The Master approached the greyhound and
reached under its belly and fondled the penis and said, "Is this what you want,
any penis will do."  And I shook my head yes.

He motioned for the greyhound to get up on his hind legs and he did.  He then
thrust his penis into my asshole. I could hear the Master laugh.  He teased me
by saying, "you didn't specify which hole."  HA HA HA."

The greyhound pumped and pumped until he came and I cried and cried of
unfulfillment.




I am my bosses property 41

===================

I was in a full blown hysterical state.  I needed to come.  It was past the
point of wanting to come I need to come.  I was sick with my need to come.  They
untied me and told me to roll over on my stomach and get up on my knees and arms
and kneel like a dog that I was. 

The Master approached me and brought with him a young stud.  He was maybe 19
with an erection on him and instructed him to insert his penis into my vagina. 
He was wearing a cock ring with a lock on the bottom of it.  When he pushed his
cock into my hole I could feel the lock bang against my vagina.  I started to
move and the Master hit my very hard on my lower bum saying haven't you learned
you don't move until we instruct you too.  He then took a metal mesh basket that
looked like a giant diaper and attached a chain around my waist and his waist. 
He then inserted two bee waa balls into my anus and inserted and dildo into his
ass with a wire lead sticking out.  They then attached the mesh web entrapping
us tightly together with his leaning over my back pressing into my bee waa balls
making them move and me catching my breath.  They made sure the lead was
sticking out of his mesh diaper and they took seats on the other side of up
facing the window.  Cassia sat between the Masters feet and liberated his penis
from his pants and began to suck and fondle it. 

The master flipped a switch and turned the dial a little.  The man in my anus
jumped causing him to rock back and forth giving me what I wanted.  The master
turned it higher and I started to move rapidly.  The master started to crank it
up and he moved faster and faster.  The faster he moved the closer I came to the
end.  With a final thrust he came and he pushed his penis into me and I came in
a wallop of cum and satisfaction.  I was exhausted.  I could feel all the cum
leak between the mesh and gather below me.  I laid my head on my arms.

All of a sudden I felt the boy in my ass move from the big jolt in his ass and
the bee waa balls started to move in me and the whole glorious mess started
again.  The master kept his going on for at least three hours.  We kept on
cumming with no stopping in between.  Finally he pulled us aPart.  There was so
much goo that the boy came out of my vagina with a plop and all this stuff (cum)
came out and landed on the table.

The Master then laid him over my lower back and roughly removed the dildo in his
ass and ploughed into him.  He was screaming from the rough entry and the
Masters enormous penis.  He didn't stop screaming so they dragged him away and
thrust him into the gorilla enclosure where the gorilla instantly pushed him
against the cage and inserted his penis in him and went to town.  On the other
side of the cage I could see a Mistress whipping his penis that was sticking out
between the bars until he came and he was still screaming.

Meanwhile the Master told me to turn over on my back and he had a Rottweiler dog
brought in and told me to spread my legs and he went to town washing or eating
out my vagina from all the cum.  My Master came to stand over my mouth and put
his penis into me and started to move my head back and forth.  He never once
touched me with his hands he just had my head gripped between his thighs and he
moved it back and forth until I made him cum in my mouth. 

The dog cleaning me out made my cum also.  This dog had a rough feeling tongue
that kind of ground down on my clitoris.




I am my bosses property 42

===================

The Master then reached down and pulled my legs up over my shoulders and snapped
his fingers and the Rottweiller jumped up between my legs and inserted his penis
into my ass.  The feeling was unbelievable.  I couldn't believe that such a
little dog (compared to the Doberman) could have a penis as round and thick as
it did.  It was a glorious feeling of being stuffed and I started to come again. 
My masters penis had been lying on my face and I felt his penis start to get
hard again.  He still had my head between his legs and he was moving his balls
back and forth over my lips. 

The dog kept on pumping in and out, making me catch my breath.  The master
leaned down and placed his hand on my clitoris and started to rub it.  It
started to stand out and he started to pull it like it was a cow tit to be
milked.  Finally with the motion he was using on my clitoris and the dogs in and
out motion in my anus I started to cum again.  I kept on cumming and cumming and
the Master was milking my clitoris simultaneously. 

The Master released the dog back to the one who brought him in.  He then
released my head and came around to stand in-between my spread legs.  He roughly
pulled me up by my nipples.  He pulled me behind him and we entered a room where
everything was sterile and cold.

He handed me off to a nurse or doctors assistant.  She took me to a tiled area
and sprayed me down with warm water.  It was fantastic.  She then soaped me up
and cleaned me.  She spread my ass cheeks and inserted a soapy finger in there. 
I was turned on by the sensation of her finger and finger nail inside my ass. 
She then soaped my vagina and inserted one-finger then two fingers then three
fingers and moved them back and forth.  The stimulation was almost enough to
make me cum.  She said no, no, no and removed her fingers.

She then pushed me against the wall and aimed the water at my torso.  I was
ready for the nice shower instead I received a blast of cold water out of the
showerhead.  She said "surprise, I hear cold water firms you up and I can see
that its working your nipples are standing way out."

She made sure that the water reached everywhere and then told me turn around and
pressed me to the wall and spread my ass making sure the water got it clean. 

When she was finished she pulled me by my nipples over to the cold metal table
and told me to lie on my back.  She attached retraining belts above my shoulders
and around my stomach.  She then spread my legs and attached restraining belts
holding them spread open.

She went to the wall and pressed on a buzzer and 6 men in white coats came in
all carrying a clipboard and pens.  Then came my master.  He was all in white
also but I could see he was not wearing any pants under his white coat.




I am my bosses property 43

===================

He approached the table and motioned for the men to stand around.  One stood by
my head, two by my arms, two by my thighs, one at the end with my master
in-between my legs. 

The nurse rolled over a tray of instruments.  I started to struggle and shake. 
One of the students patted my breast and said, "it will be OK.  Everyone
eventually likes what we are about to do to you."  My master said, "stop
coddling her.  She will know what is going to be done to her when it is done to
her."

He then approached my chest and attached a sort of metal arm over me.  It was
about one foot above my body.  He then motioned to the two men near my breasts
and they bent down and suckled my breasts.  They would suckle and then milk them
like a cow's tit.  Pulling on them real hard until they were standing out from
my body and red.

The master then approached again and with no preamble pushed a long needle into
one nipple and put a large ring into the nipple and locked it closed.  It was
larger then the last ones that were put in.  He then reached over me and did the
same thing to the other breast.  The pain was enormous.  My nipples were
sensitive from the sucking and pulling and all the stimulation that I had
received prior to this. 

He then attached some sort of bungie cord to the rings and tossed the cord over
the metal arm like attachment.  I then noticed two hooks hanging off the cord. 
He put a 1 pound weight on the end of the cord and let go.  It pulled my breasts
straight up by my nipple rings.  At this same time I felt something enter my
pussy and I heard one of the guys say she is wet and from what I can tell I
think she is excited.  I vaguely wondered how someone like me who was a virgin
less then two weeks ago was being turned on like this.  But I could even feel
the moisture between my legs.

The master then went between my legs and put some type of suction cup over my
already extended clitoris.  He came back up near my head and extended his hand
over my face and started to squeeze a rubber like ball.  Every time he squeezed
I felt a pull on my clitoris.  He squeezed it five times until it was
unbearable.  I had tears rolling down my face.  He just looked down at me with
no sympathy or compassion in his eyes and squeezed the ball 5 more times
quickly.  He then laughed out loud at my pain.

He returned to my pussy.  He left the suction cup on.  He motioned the two guys
by my legs and I felt them spread my pussy lips very wide.  He then attached a
mirror above my pussy and made sure that I had a clear view of what they were
doing.  He pulled the suction cup up and showed me that my whole pussy hole was
open for all to see.  He then grabbed my clitoris from the bottom and started to
release the cup and he released it he pulled the clitoris, extending it as far
as it went in the suction cup.  When it was clear of the cup and fully extended
he took a very thick needle and shoved it through the clitoris.  I was screaming
and the master motioned to the man above me and he opened his robe and I could
see he had an erection, which he shoved in my mouth, and he told me to suck and
no biting.

The master pushed the thick needle back and forth and back and forth.  I could
feel the blood from this.  He then left the needle in and poured some alcohol
over it and the burning sensation was horrible.  I could feel the alcohol
dripping into my open sensitive pussy membranes.  After he got the area good and
wet he then pulled on the needle and inserted a ring into the clitoris.  He made
sure it snapped closed.  The man in my mouth came and removed himself from me. 
Then they all left the room and I could still see my pussy in the mirror with
that gold ring shinning in my pussy and if I looked down I could see the two big
gold rings in my breasts with the weights attached to them.
They kept pulling the nipples up and up.  They actually looked as if they were
suppose to be pointing straight up at the ceiling.




I am my bosses property 44

===================

After a while the nurse came in with the Master and two of the master's helpers. 
The master went over to the tray that the instruments were on and came back with
another one pound weights, which he hung on the hooks.  I screamed because the
pain of the sudden weight made it feel as if my nipples were being torn off.  He
then sprayed the alcohol over the nipples making the pain in them all the more. 
He said if you can't learn to be quiet he would take care of that problem.  He
brought over a mouth gag with a protrusion sticking out of it.  On the
protrusion were little sharp things sticking out of it.  He told me to open my
mouth but I was afraid of him putting it in my mouth and I refused.  He lifted
one eyebrow up and yanked on the weights and as I screamed from the pain he
shoved the mouth gag into my mouth and buckled it behind my head so tightly that
it felt like a horse's bit.  It was biting into the sides of my mouth.

He said you would think she would learn to be obedient.   He took out a lash of
some sort and started hitting me on my stomach.  This caused the weights to
swing and my nipples to move back and forth and up and down with every motion. 
He finally stopped and went down near my vagina.   He told the two men to once
again peel back my lips and clip them so that they were able to see clearly
inside me.  When I was opened he told them that he and the nurse would be
checking me for growth in the vaginal canal since I had come there a few days
ago.

She then approached and inserted her fingers into me.  She started with two. 
She sawed them in and out causing the most wonderful sensations in me.  She then
formed a cone with her third finger then she added her fourth finger.  She
tucked her thumb in and I realized she had put her whole hand inside me and was
fist fucking me.  The sensations that were going through me were fantastic.  I
could barely catch my breath every time she moved her fist back and forth.  She
started to move it faster and faster.  My breath started to come faster and
faster.  I could feel the juices between my legs enabling her to move that fast
and finally I tried to arch my back as the rapture over took me.

She took her hand out of my vagina and started to lick my juices off of it.  She
was making a meal out of my juices.  She licked one finger at a time and sawed
the finger in and out of her mouth like she was sucking on a penis.  She did
this to each finger until she was finished and then she licked her lips and came
over to me and kissed me on the eyes and nose.

Then I felt something bigger entering me down there and I looked down and saw
Was the master sticking his finger in my vagina.




I am my bosses property 45

===================

His were so much more broader and longer then the nurses.  He just kept on
adding one at a time with so consideration of what I must have been feeling.  To
tell you the truth it was much more painful then she was.  She was intent on
bringing me to fulfillment, he just wanted to push all his fingers in.  By the
fourth finger I was moaning in pain and when he put his thumb in he did not fold
it down he just shoved it in.  When he got his whole right hand in he took his
left hand and started at my ass.   He could only get three of his big fingers in
my ass and he looked very displeased.  He motioned to one of his helpers and he
started to pull on my clit ring. This brought me pain.  It felt as if my whole
lower half was burning up.  He removed his hand from my ass and reached for a
dildo.

He then removed his hand from my vagina and went over to the table and brought
back a speculum which he inserted into my ass.  He started to turn it until I
was opened very wide.  I could feel the coldness from the room up the hole that
he opened.  I then felt his push something in and he removed the speculum.  My
ass closed around a rubberized cylinder object with a little give to it.  It
felt like a regular penis.  The only difference is that it seemed to move in and
out.  He said, "ah that is working right.  We call it our enlarger.  Every time
it seems your asshole gets accustomed to it. Meaning its not hugging it tight it
expands another 1/4 inch until be take it out.  It moves in a rocking gentle
motion to simulate a penis moving in and out slowly."

It was a funny feeling.  It hurt but not really that much.  it seemed my ass was
loosening and then the most terrible pain happened.  It stretched the 1/4 inch. 
It felt as if they had stuck an knife up there and twisted it.  It took a while
to become used to it and when I did it stretched again and it felt like a knife
again.

When he saw that it was working he approached me and reinserted his fingers and
hand inside my vagina.  When he got the whole hand into my vagina he made a fist
and started to push his fist back and forth, like he was punching a bag.  With
every in thrust he took my breath away.  He didn't care what I was feeling.  
After about a half an hour of this he removed his fist and brought it to my
mouth and told me to lick off my liquid from it. 

I started with one finger and went finger by finger.  He then showed me his palm
and I used my tongue to clean it up.

Meanwhile the thing in my ass was growing.  I felt it spread at least 3 times.
By now my nipples were accustomed to the weights.  It didn't hurt anymore but I
knew that they were there.

He unstrapped me but he left the thing in my anus.  He stood me up and unhooked
my breasts from the bunge cord.  He told me to spread my legs while facing him. 
He hooked two of his fingers in each ring and pulled up, down, side to side and
kind of jiggled them.  He then bent down and removed the thing from my ass.  He
spread the lips of my vagina and started to lick me.  As I was approaching my
climax he reached for my clit ring and yanked it up and down.  I screamed in
pleasure and pain at the same time.




I am my bosses property 46

===================

I was coming so hard from the excitement of having my master between my legs and
bringing me pleasure and from the unexpected pain at the time of climax.  I was
so shaky that my master had to reach behind me and hold me by my ass cheeks. 
The feeling was so erotic that I started to come again.  The feeling of his big
hands cupping my ass cheeks, warmly, but with strength while he was licking me
to fulfillment was the best feeling in the world.

With a last lick he looked up at me and patted me on the behind.  He stood up
and told me to liberate his penis and show him how much I loved him as my
master.  I carefully opened his coat and let it fall down to the floor. 
Lovingly I went down on my knees and cupped his balls.  I moved them around and
bent low and kissed them.  I worked my way up his instrument of love and
torture. 

When I reached the head I sucked on it and diddled my tongue in his hole.  I
then enclosed the whole penis in my mouth and moved up and down on it while the
whole time I caressed his balls in my hands.  He grabbed hold of my hair and
loosened it from the knot on the top of my head and mussed it around his penis
and my lips.  He then released his tribute into my mouth.  And I swallowed the
whole thing licking my lips afterwards.

He recovered himself and motioned for the nurse.  I had not realized that the
nurse was still in the room during our session.  She brought me out of the
sterile room by hooking a leash on my nipple rings and clit ring.  She led me to
the house and tied me to an x by the corner of the room, facing a sitting area
near the fire.  She chained me to it facing out.  She disconnected my leads and
left me there.  The master came in and made himself comfortable.  He took off
his pants and shirt and washed himself down with a sponge.  He then rang and a
girl came in with a warm sponge and scented water.  She sponged me down paying
special attention to my ass, nipples and vagina.  She made sure she got good and
far into all my orifices.

He motioned her to leave and told her to send in the other treat. 

In came an amazon looking woman.  She was about 34 years old with big boobs and
a head of blond hair on her.  She was at least 5'11" and with her heels she
stood well above 6 feet.  She approached the master and told him to introduce
us.  The master said, "this is my wife and you will treat her the same way you
treat me.  This is our bed chamber and you will be our play thing tonight and
tomorrow."




I am my bosses property 47

===================

She sat down on the masters lap and frenched kissed him and he put his hand
between her legs and fondled her.  They just sat there looking at me and
whispering together so that I could not hear them.  They kept on glancing at me
and whispering and nodding to each other.

Then they both got up and approached me.  They each untied a leg.  He lifted it
up to it was even to my hands and tied them each next to my hands.  This left me
with my ass in the air and they had equal admittance to either hole in my body. 
The wife slipped her finger in my pussy and swirled it around and then took it
out and sucked it.  She then replaced it in my pussy and swirled it around again
and then brought it to my mouth for me to suck it.  She placed her hands on my
neck and slowly moved them down my body.  She molded the side of my breast and
came up the sides to the nipples.  When she got to the nipples she pulled on the
rings and twisted them.  I felt as if they were going to be pulled off.  She
then brought her mouth to them and sucked on them nipple ring and all.  She
continued down my body, down my stomach until she reached my pussy.  There she
inspected the clit ring by also pulling it. 

She went over to a wardrobe and brought over a hot pink scarf, which was very
long.  She threaded it through the nipple rings and the clit ring.  She pulled
them hard until they were all pulled up and tied the scarf into a big pink bow. 
She said, "now you are wrapped up like a pretty package."

She then went to the wardrobe again and I could see her putting on a harness
with a hole in it.  She inserted a penis like dildo into her vagina and attached
a much larger one to the front.  As she walked towards me she caressed it just
like it was a real penis.  She came to the master first and he ran his hand up
and down it and running his hands over her ass.  He then pushed her towards me. 

She spread my pussy lips even wider and put the penis into my pussy.  She leaned
into me and kept on kissing my mouth and eyes.  As she started to really get
going she pulled on the bow holding my rings.  This brought pain to my face and
she said I will make the pain go away.  She would move slowly reaching down and
playing around my clit and then she would be rough around my clit.  The
alternating of pain and pleasure was too much for me to bear.  I had a hard time
trying to catch my breath.  She started to plunge in and out faster and faster
until we both came together.  With the last plunge she plunged her tongue in and
gave me a nice long juice kiss. 

I felt something enter my ass.  I realized it was the masters fingers.  He had
reached between his wife's legs where we were still connected and he started to
manipulate my ass.  He reached up and pulled her dildo from my pussy and pushed
it towards my ass hole.  He leaned into her and pushed her dildo into me with
out an preamble.

He then spread her ass and entered her.  I could tell that this was a surprise
for her by the look on her face.  He sandwiched her between him and me.  He rode
her for all she was worth and she rode me for all she was worth.  All three of
us came in one big orgasm.




I am my bosses property 48

===================

He pulled her away from me and walked still connected over to the bed and
continued to use her again and again in the ass until he got off another time.
You could see she wasn't getting any satisfaction from it because with the penis
in her vagina and sticking straight out it was at the wrong angle.  He then
reached around and disconnected the harness and penis from her and removed it
from between her legs and removed himself from her body.

He then went over to a bell pull and summoned a servant.  He sat down on one of
the comfortable chairs and so did she.  They both spread their legs out wide and
waited.  Finally the servants came in with a sponge and bucket of water which
was scented.  One each kneeled between their legs she got the man and he got the
woman.  They each soaped the genitals until there was a good lather making sure
to reach down behind the penis and inside the vagina.  When they were clean the
master told the man to trade places with the girl. 

He informed the servant since this was his punishment for something he had done
earlier that day he was to take him in the mouth and prime him but don't bring
him off.

The servant bent his head an in one swallow took his member in his mouth and
started to work it up and down.  I could see that the servants was not
responding to working on the masters penis.  When the master said stop he told
the servant to stand up and when he saw he was not turned on he was angry. 
Angrier than I had ever seen him.

He instructed his wife to tie him backwards across the desk with his genitals
exposed to everyone.

When he was tied down the master motioned for the girl servant to clean me out
which she did. Making sure there was no moisture in my pussy.

He then approached the man servant.  Which I must say at this time was scared. 
I could see that he was shaken and crying. 

The master went to the cabinet and brought back a whip and other paraphernalia
in a box so that I could not see it and neither could the slave.

He first took out  spreader bar which he attached to his feet.  He then took a
cock ring which he squeezed onto his penis and attached to rings around his
balls separating them.  He then took an ice cube out and applied it to the tip
of his penis.  He screamed with the sensation of the cold on his warm tip. 




I am my bosses property 49

===================

When he got the tip good and cold he called his wife over to hold the penis.  He
checked to see if the penis was good and cold by licking the tip a few times. 
This was getting me hot again.  I always liked to be a voyeur.  She smiled an
evil smile at him and squeezed.

The master took out a needle and I knew what was coming even if he didn't.  I
remember the needle from my own piercing.  He made sure the servant saw the
needle and he reached down and shoved a pillow under his ass making his pelvic
area even easier to see.  He took the needle and inserted it in the head of his
penis very slowly.  The slower he put it in meant it was more painful for the
slave.

When he got the needle in he moved it back and forth making the slave scream. 
They finally inserted a big silver ring with a gargoyle on the front.  It sort
of resembled a door knocker.  It was bigger then mine.  It really would hang low
on him.  When the master signaled his wife she let go of his penis and it fell
low between his legs from the weight. 

The master was still mad that his penis was flaccid and he took the whip and
started to whip his penis and groin area until it was bright red.  The master
then took his hand and roughly closed it over his penis staff and roughly moved
his hand up and down until he was erect and then the master attached a chain to
his spreader bar and to the ring in his cock and pulled his cock down until it
was pointing straight at the floor while he was still erect.  This pulled his
new ring and made his cock head hurt.  He kept on crying. 

The master unhooked him from the table and carried him to the window and strung
his outside of the window so all could see him with his new ring and his penis
tied down. 

The master then told him if his penis got flaccid the beating he just took would
look like a caress.  So he had better make sure he was erect and with that he
gave his cock ring a yank and a slap on the ass and approached me.

With no preamble he shoved his hand up my vagina and said,  "just what I thought
you are turned on."




I am my bosses property 50

===================

With that he withdrew his hand and went to check the male slave to see if he was
erect and he was.  He then motioned to the girl slave to come over to the bed. 

When she got there he told her to get up on the bed on her hands and knees.  His
wife crawled in front of her head and spread her legs.  The master pushed the
slaves head down and said get to work.  She slowly started to lick the wife on
the outside of her folds and gradually went inside the folds licking up a storm. 
His wife started moaning in her throat until it became a full scale moan
approaching fulfillment. 

The master slowly approached her from the back and quickly and roughly inserted
his penis into her vagina riding her until fulfillment.  The master and his wife
came quickly.  You could see the slave girl was on the brink of orgasm because I
could see her nipples were standing out and her breasts were moving swiftly with
her breathing.  

The master and his wife disengaged from her and rolled her onto her back and
spread her legs.  They hooked one of their legs over hers holding her open.  The
master then reached back and removed a mechanical dildo from the drawer and
inserted it inside her.  He then set the speed on the remote.  The dildo started
moving back and forth and in circular motion  and as she was ready to come which
you could see by her breath and the arching of her back it stopped its movement. 
His wife then French kissed her licking her lips and sucking on them.  She then
reached down and flicked her nipples on the side she was on.

The dildo started up again and moved until she was on the bring again and then
it stopped.  The master deep kissed her and suckled on her breasts until the
dildo started again.  She was sobbing for fulfillment.  She was begging for
fulfillment but they continued to deny her. 

They pulled her up from the bed and tied her spread-eagled from the canopy
headboard to the foot board so that they could watch her.  The master then
rolled over and fucked his wife until she came. 

They had three slaves in sexual frustration tied up in their bedroom.

They turned off the lights and went to sleep all with our individual thoughts.




I am my bosses property 51

===================

I was able to dose on and off during the night.  I could hear the other two
moaning in their misery.  I had a problem of my own.  I had to use the bathroom
and I mean bad. So bad in fact I just had to let go and it gushed down my crack
to the floor.  I just couldn't hold it in.  My only hope was that it would dry
before the morning.

The sun came up and the farm started to come awake.  I was able to see the
"horses" being led to the morning cleaning.  I could hear the workers laugh at
the male servant when they noticed his problem.  He had a massive erection and
it was still pointed down.

The master and mistress stirred.  She stretched and I could see her long lean
body and the master turned over and playfully bit her on the nipple.  They got
up and checked their slaves.  They were naked.  I could see the masters muscles
rippling with all his strength. 

She approached me and as she neared me she felt the wet spot on the floor.  She
became enraged and called for the master.  Who came over and told me he was very
disappointed with me.  He went to the closet and removed a night sick and stood
back and aimed it between my legs, lining it up with my slit.  This was very
easy because I was still open wide.  He drew his arm back and walloped me square
on the pussy.  He just kept on doing it.  I was sure he was drawing blood. 
After 15 hard strokes he came over and felt my pussy and I flinched and he was
satisfied that I was very sore there.  He released my legs and allowed them to
hang down.  I could see that the master got a hard on from doing this to me.

He then approached the male slave and slipped his penis into the slaves ass and
reached around and unhooked the slaves penis and it sprang right up even with
the ring on it.  The master roughly stroked in and out of him and at the same
time gave him a rough hand job.  The master and him came at the same time.  The
only difference was that the master had a vessel for his seed and the slave shot
his from the third floor window to the ground below.

Meanwhile the wife lowered the girl slave and fingered her pussy.  You could see
she was still in heat.  The mistress ordered her to stand by the desk.  She
untied me and roughly pushed me over to the desk and told me to lean against it
with my hands spread wide and my feet spread even wider.

I did just what she ordered.  The mistress led the slave around the front of me
and turned her so all I saw was her back.  She attached a belt around her waist
and threaded the strap between her ass cheeks and pulled it tightly between them
they it came up around the side of her vagina slip and hooked up to the front of
the belt.  I saw her slip something into her pussy and I assumed it was a dildo. 
She then attached something onto the front pushing it until I heard the girl
groan.  By the groan I assumed she had inserted a dildo into her and she was
filled up just like she wanted to be all night.

Then she turned her around and I saw she was wearing a harness with two dildo's
on it.  One for the pussy and one for the ass.  I was about to be taken
simultaneously by the same person.




I am my bosses property 52

===================

The mistress came around my front and tied my hands together and secured them
and then she told me she was not going to tie my legs down but under no
conditions was I to close them.  She then tied a blind fold over the girl's eyes
and led her behind me.  She lined up the holes with the twin dildo's and she
pushed the girl and they went right in.  The girl moaned long and loud.
AHHHHHHHHHH.  Then I felt the mistress pull her out and then push her in.  She
then told her you get the idea now bring yourself off in pleasure.  The girl
pushed in and out. 

The pain in my vagina was terrible.  The dildo felt like a big piece of wood in
my sensitized vagina.  I was moaning with pain and the girl just kept on moving
in an out until finally I heard her give a big yell and collapsed against my
back with the twin penises still in me.  The master lifted the girl and
unattached the dildos and yanked them out of me.  I had not had much pleasure
but I guess I wasn't since it was a punishment for peeing on the floor. 

The master and mistress sent the two on their way and the pulled me off the desk
and brought me to a long stool which they told me to lay on my back.  The
mistress straddled my head and lowered her pussy and told me to pull her lips
aPart gently and to get my tongue in as far as I could.  I did that and then she
told me to let her pussy lips go and they covered my mouth and nose.  She told
me to lick for all I was worth because she wanted to cum.

My master approached me and sat on the hearth.  The stool was right in front of
the fireplace.  He reached out and pulled on my nipple rings and then reached
over with a fireplace pincher and grabbed the nipples and rings and started to
pull them up and down.
Meanwhile my mistress was getting very wet and her juices were coating my face. 
Her clit was so long by now she told me to suck on it and as I got it into my
mouth she mashed her pussy into my face and came.  When she got up I could feel
my face full of her and I reached up to wipe it since it was so much it was
running in my eyes. 

My master slapped me with the pincher between my legs and told me who gave you
permission to move.  He then pulled my legs up and folded me in two with my ass
in the air and entered my vagina roughly.  I was so sore from the whipping and
fucking before it felt like sandpaper.  He pushed in and out very fast until he
climaxed but he denied me lubrication by pulling out and shooting his cum all
over my pussy but not inside my pussy.

He then let my legs down and the mistress came down between my legs and licked
his cum off my vagina and then spread my sore pussy lips and started to lick the
outer edges and worked her way inside.  I felt her push a small vibrator into my
pussy and she turned it on.  It started to move and my insides started to churn. 
She sucked on my clit and started to move the vibrator in and out.  I could feel
myself start getting wet.  She felt it to because she picked up the tempo with
the vibrator and her tongue.  Before I knew it I was coming all over her face. 

I was washed out from all the sexual peeks and pains of the last few days so the
master rang for a groom and they led me by my clit ring to my stall in the barn.
They washed me off and told me to sleep because I would be having a big night.




I am my bosses property 53

===================

As I laid down in my cell I reached down between my legs and felt the clit ring. 
It moved back and forth.  It really didn't hurt much but I got a strange
sensation when I felt it slide back and forth in its hole.  I reached into my
pussy and discovered I was wet and I continued to manipulate the ring and my
clit until I brought myself off.

I expected some one to come in and yell at me but all I could hear was the buzz
of the farm hands at work and whispers of animals around the compound.

I Finally fell asleep. It was into a deep sleep because the next time I was
aware of anything Cassia was shaking me awake and telling me it was time to
prepare me for this evenings activities.

She took me into the shower room and laid me across a pommel horse with my ass
in the air.  Without any preparation she shoved a tube up my ass.  I realized I
must be getting an enema.  She kept on shoving the tube in until it stopped and
she clipped it off with a clip.  She then hung 3 bags of water from the hook and
she said since you are such a hot little number lets make this interesting. 
With that she shook some red stuff into each container and mixed it up.  She
then went behind me and unclasped the clip and the water started to pour in. 
The first patch was boiling.  The pain from the water was unbearable.  She then
hooked the tube to the second bag and it was ice water.  By now I felt as if my
bladder was going to explode and I still had one to go and with that the second
one was finished and she hooked up the third bag.  I could feel the water
running in and my stomach was distended.  I couldn't see it but I could feel it
against the horse. 

When this one was finished.  She quick slid in a butt plug so all the water
stayed inside me.  She then released me an told me to stand next to the wall.
She turned and when she saw me she smiled her evil smile and came over to me and
began to feel my breasts and run her hands over my stomach.  She said you look
nine months pregnant and pushed on my stomach.  I started to feel an burning in
the water and I must have made a face because she hooked my nipples to her wrist
and pulled me over to a table and told me to lay down on it and spread my legs
wide.  There was hole in the table and she made sure my ass was over it.

She then secured my hands to the table by my side and secured my legs to the
side making sure there was a restraint on my upper thighs to hold them wide
open. 

She then stood between my legs and started to finger my clit and pussy.  She was
so enamoured by my ring she shoved three fingers in my pussy and hooked the
other two into the ring.  With every in motion of her fingers it pulled the ring
down and it excited me.  Just as I was going to come she bent down and pulled
the butt plug out of my ass and as the water started to gush from my ass I was
thrown into a fit of passion from my climax.




I am my bosses property 54

===================

She looked down at the fluids and reintroduced the hose into my ass and this
time hooked it up right to the faucet and she turned it on.  It was a high
powered type of tube and as she stuck it in she would remove it and let the
fluids come out.  She did this numerous times until she was happy with the
results.  Finally when it came out clear a couple of times she released me and
told me to stand up and she shoved a dildo in my ass and secured my hands to the
back of the dildo.  It had a ring in it.  This caused my breasts to push out and
she attached a lead chain to them and pulled me after her.

She led me over to whirlpool contraption,  unlocked my hands and removed the
dildo.  She then told me to soap up everywhere and then step into the water and
wash it away.  When I came out she leaned me backwards over a sofa and spread my
pussy lips and smelled them and she did the same to my ass.  It must have been
ok because she set me down on a stool and pulled all my hair on top of my head
in a pony tail just leaving a few tendrils to frame my face. She then started to
braid my hair in little braids all attached to the ponytail.  She attached
different color ribbons on the bottom.  They each said something on them but I
could not read them.  I knew this was not good. 

When she finished she put a gold cone to hold the pony tail up and out.  All
that hung out were the braids and the ribbons.  Some of the ribbons I could feel
on my lower back. 

When she finished she told me to get up and she took me to the room with all the
devices in it and the glass wall.  She led me to the glass wall and secured me
in front of it.  I could see at least 50 chairs on the other side of the glass. 
One by one people started coming in.  There were men and women.  Each held an
closed envelope in their hands.

After and hour it seemed everyone was there the master and his mistress
approached the front of the glass on the outside.  The microphone was on because
I could hear them. 

They told the crown that since this was a special event each person was given an
envelope and was told not to open it.  When it was there time and the master
would let them know they would open it.  If there was a number on it they would
Participate if it was blank it would be their turn on the next time.

With that he pointed to a man and woman and they stood up.  She undressed and
there was nothing to her.  She was flat chested and not very tall.  He on the
other hand was over 6'6" with a barrel chest and a penis that was big and was
flaccid.  I couldn't imagine what it would be like fully erect but I was sure I
was going to find out. 

The master led them through a door and next they were standing next to me.  The
boss told them to pick a braid and to untie the ribbon and read the ribbon into
the microphone so everyone knew what was coming.

The man grabbed an braid and pulled the ribbon.  He pointed to his penis and his
girlfriend got between his legs and mouthed him until he was erect.  He then
went behind me and said, "IN THE ASS" and with no lubrication cruelly spread my
ass pushed me against the window and pushed into me. 

The pain was unbelievable.  He felt like, I can't explain it, and with every
push in he shoved me against the glass until he finished and pulled him self out
of my ass and pulled his woman from the arena. 




I am my bosses property 55

===================

The mistress nodded to the next couple and when they stood I noticed his cock
was already out of his pants.  He had a blank card and he slapped his girl
across the face and then turned her over his knee and paddled her butt until it
was red.  He then told her to get up and sit on his lap.  I could see him
position his cock at the entrance to her ass and pulled her down on his lap and
from her face I could see it hurt her.  He then reached between her legs and
pulled them wide until she straddled him and he just let her sit there. 

The next was a single man who came forward and as he took his card he smiled and
evil smile.  He came into the room with us and pulled a braid.  With a clear
voice he red bull whip.  The master gave him the keys to my shackles and he
unlocked me and then lead me over to the horse and bent me over and tied me down
again.  He took the bull whip and cracked it to get the feel of it. 

He brought his arm back and let go.  The scream that I let go I was sure they
heard in the nearest town.  I barely caught my breath from the scream when he
let go another one.  On and on it went until he stopped and laid on my back with
me bent over the horse.  He felt first felt my ass and commented on how warm it
was then he made sure his penis was laying on my crack and started to move back
and forth on top of the crack.  He said I just love hot ass and with that he
came on my back.  I could feel it starting to drip down my ass crack and he
motioned for the girl who was being held on her bosses lap to come in.  The guy
pushed her off his penis and pushed her to go inside.  He told her to lick his
cum starting from the bottom to the top. 

She licked from the bottom of my vagina in one lick to the top of the crack. 
She went back and forth and back and forth making sure she got every drop.  He
then told her to make sure to get between the cheeks.  She spread my hot ass
cheeks wide and kissed my ass hole before she started to clean his cum from
between them. 

When she was finished he led her back to her master and repositioned her above
his still erect penis and pushed her down on it.  He then thanked the master for
the use of his slave.

The next couple got up and they had a number on their card.  They came around to
me and pulled a ribbon out.  I estimated that I had about 10-15 ribbons in my
hair and this was only the third. 

They looked at each other and laughed.  They said its their favorite thing. 
They led me to a stone bench which the master had positioned in front of the
window. They laid me on it so my head was on it and my ass was half on and half
off. 

She sat on my face and told me to tongue fuck her and he entered my vagina and
started to fuck me.  In and out and in and out.  My back side was becoming raw
from the bench.  They continued until I made her cum and he came in my vagina. 
She then got up and they reversed positions. He shoved his penis in my mouth and
deep throated me.  She licked his cum out of my vagina but she did not make me
cum.  She kept on bringing me to the edge and stopped.  Finally when he came in
my mouth she stood up and left me on the verge of my climax. 




I am my bosses property 56

===================

The same thing went on for the next couple of couples.  They either entered my
mouth, vagina or ass.  But they always deprived me of my climax. 

We were up to group 10 when the my master came over and started to count how
many ribbons were left.  There were 5 left.

He motioned the next couple up and they stripped and came through the door. 
They looked at the paper and said beating of back while on inverted v horse. 
The man said I would like to make it a little more interesting is that ok. 
Everyone nodded ok.

He brought me over to the horse and turned me do they had a good look at me in
profile. They could see my ass and breast and vagina at the same time.  He told
me to get on it and when I was on the tip he pushed me forward and tied my arms
to the eyehooks above my head.  He then told his Partner to get on facing me,
which she did.  He pushed he close to me.  I felt her breasts, stomach, vagina
and her thighs pressed to mine.  He pulled my nipple rings and connected them to
hers.  He then reached between us and connected our clit rings.  He then wrapped
her hands around my neck and fastened them together.  He nodded to her and she
started to deep kiss me.  She used her tongue until it was so far down my throat
I almost choked.  She just kept on and on.

Meanwhile I was in terrible pain because of the v pushing into my vagina and
rubbing my clit against hers.  He drew back with a paddle and started to hit my
back.  With every hit he caused our bodies to come together and rub together. 
Before I knew it I was kissing her back and becoming aroused from the
stimulation of the paddle and the kisses.  I finally flung my head back in
ecstasy and she started to lick and kiss my neck.  At one point she sucked to
hard on my neck she gave me a big hickey.  When she did this I came with such a
rush I was moving closer to her because  of the lubrication.  She came right
after me and her master jerked himself off at the same time.

My master said it was refreshment time.  The mistress came over and unhooked me
and laid me on the stone bench and spread my legs.  She examined me between my
legs and my piercings.  She went over to the freezer and brought an dildo made
out of ice.  She moved it around my nipples making them stand out and then
around my pussy.  She finally inserted it my vagina and let is stay there.  I
could feel it melting and the water sliding down my crack and puddling on the
bench.  I had to admit it felt good.

They left me alone for another 1/2 hour until everyone returned to their seats
and there were 6 groups left and 4 more shows.  The master whose girl was
sitting on his lap was shoving away at her against the glass so that I could
watch her. 

The master called up the next group and they picked a ribbon also.  Theirs said
pick another couple and make your own fun with her.  They chose another couple
and each one filled a hole, ass, pussy, mouth and some one diddled my clit
rings.  They each took a turn in one of my holes.  Each time I was so close but
my pussy was still frozen from the ice stick.

Finally they left and there was another group and they did the same thing as the
group before except they all pulled out at the last moment and came all over me.




I am my bosses property 57

===================

The master called the next group over and they picked make her holes big.  They
used a measuring speculum. The women shoved the speculum into my vagina and then
told her slave to lie next to me ass up.  She said to the other couple lets
compare.  You open my slaves and I'll open her. 

I heard him groan when they inserted the speculum into him.  They counted one
turn, two turns, etc.  Finally at 5 turns I started to feel it and started to
squirm.  He did not move.  Six, seven and by eight I was screaming and he was
just uncomfortable.  They pulled the speculum out of me and untied him  and put
him into my vagina.  He was very erect and very long.  He was at least 13 inches
and when they turned the knob it felt as if he was growing.  He went right
through my vagina it felt like that.  When he was screaming which was at about
10 turns they pulled it roughly out of him and he came inside me.

His mistress was furious.  She started to hit him across the ass saying did I
give you the right or permission to come.  I don't think so for that you will
pay for it.

My master had an idea for punishment.  His penis and balls had not been shaven. 
The master asked the slaves mistress if she preferred him hairy or bald.  She
said up until now I thought to give him some privacy but it's ok if you want to
denude him.

They brought him over to the gynecological table and strapped him down.  He was
struggling and they put a band around his chest and lower abdomen and spread his
legs in the stirrups and strapped them down.  Then they spread the stirrups
until they were almost parallel to his body. 

My master approached with several strips of clear strapping tapes.  They were
about 1/4 inch wide.  He handed them out to all the Participants and told them
that who ever had the most hair on theirs would get a special gift at the end of
the night.

The slave was crying and his penis was soft.  His mistress came over and told
him to get erect.  He was unable do his fright.  She grabbed his penis and
roughly gave him a hand job.  He was finally standing erect.

My master told everyone to line up and when it was their turn to press it deeply
on the skin and then either slowly or fast to yank it off.  The first one came
up and pressed it deeply on the skin then with one hand on the slaves penis and
the other on the tape he gave a yank and a hunk of hair came off.   The slave
screamed.  This kept going on until he was bald as a billiard ball and his penis
was leaking precum.

The each held up their tape and a winner was picked.  It was the guy who had not
been able to Participate.  He said I'll be right back.  And with that he left
the room.

When he came in he had a German sheppard with him which he brought near the
slave.  He told the slave that he wouldn't tough him since he was unable to
control himself.  he was no better than a beast.  So he brought a beast to deal
with him.

He positioned the dog facing the slave.  It was face to snout.  The dog leaped
up on the table and inserted his penis in the asshole of the slave.  His paws
were planted on either side of the slaves head and the slaves penis was caught
against the underbelly of the dog.  The stimulation of the hair on the belly was
too much for the naked slave and he came.  The dog kept on pounding away in his
ass.  When the dog was finished he licked the cum off of the slaves stomach and
penis.  By the time this was finished the slave was hard again.  The slaves
mistress stepped forward and instead of relieving him she put on a rubber diaper
that was very tight and made sure the slaves penis was down between his legs
when she closed it.




I am my bosses property 58

===================

You could see that it pained him.  The bulge was straight down between his legs
and he could barely close them and when he walked they rubbed against his cock. 
She made him lay down on the floor and had the dog sit on his lap.  The pain of
the pressure was etched on his face and he was crying for he knew he had greatly
displeased his mistress.

She then turned back to me and said, "it was your fault also for making him cum. 
He is usually an obedient slave and you must have done something to encourage
him.

With that she approached me and I tried to back away.  However my master was
behind me and he caught me in his grasp.  He said to her,  "what do you have in
mind for her." 

She came forward and led me over to the inverted v horse again.  She whispered
something to my mistress and she went to the cabinet and brought forth a piece
of sandpaper which she attached to the v horse.  She then attached my arms to
the hoist and pulled me up and moved me over the horse.
She then reached inside her cape and withdrew a container which she opened.  I
could smell chili peppers.  She explained that this was her special brand of
punishment.  She took a dollop on her three fingers.  Let me rephrase that it
wasn't a dollop it was a big glob.  She gave the container to my mistress to
hold and spread my vagina lips and massaged the ointment in.  She made sure it
was going up inside my vagina.  She then took another handful and again
liberally applied it to the lips inside and out.  She then went around the back
and I felt her spread my ass cheeks and liberally spread the ointment into my
asshole and a lot between the area were my vagina and ass hole were.

She then motioned for my master to lower me down, making sure that my pussy
rested on the sandpaper.    Then they all just stood back and watched.  I began
to realize the ointment had an irritant in it.  I tried not to move but the
itching was to great and I slid my vagina and ass back and forth trying to
alleviate the itching.  It only seemed to make it worse.  My lower body was raw
from the sandpaper and the ointment was getting into the sores.

I was crying. I wanted relief.  The Mistress came over to me and asked if I
think I had enough.  This was a trick question and I knew it.  She climbed up
behind me and reached around and found my breasts.  When she located the rings
on them she connected them to the hoist that was holding my arms and every time
I moved it pulled my breasts up by the nipples.

She then reached down and found my clit ring and clitoris and started to play
with it.  I was torn between the pain of the itching and the pleasure she was
invoking.  As she continued to milk my clit and stimulate it I continued to move
back and forth until I came in a rush.  As soon as I came the itching seemed to
disappear.  The mistress untied my nipples and lowered my arms and helped me off
the horse. 

They laid me down on a rubberized bed and spread my cunt lips and sprayed it
with alcohol and water in order that I did not get any infections.

The master thanked all for coming and remember that he would have another Party
next month.

They all left and the Master and Mistress came over to me and laid down beside
me.  My master on the left and my mistress on the right.  They started to kiss
and fondle me.  He pulled me on his erect penis and entered my behind.  It was a
smooth go from the lubricant from the irritant.  I was facing his feet and he
reached up and pulled me back by my nipple rings so that I rested on his chest. 
The mistress then put on a dildo and entered my vagina.  Then all three of us
turned on our sides almost like spoons and she and he started moving in and out
until all three of us came at once. 

We did not disentangle and we slept like that all night.




I am my bosses property 59

===================

I was awoken by my master and mistress holding each other and moving against me
as they made love to each other.  The only difference was that I was the vessel
for their passion.  They were kissing and fondling each other as if I wasn't
there but moving their penises inside me.  In and out and in and out.  I came
and so did they.  They each clench the other hard and sandwiched me in-between
their bodies.

They disentangled themselves and he removed the mistresses penis and kissed her
between her legs and then he reached between her legs to see how tender her
vagina was. All she did was shiver from the power of his fingers.

They led me down a long corridor to a bathing pool outside.  The pool was
surrounded my huge naked mermaids and mermen's.  The mermaids had the biggest
and fullest breasts I had ever seen.  They had their arms outstretched causing
the breasts to jut out.  The mermen had a long torso and outstretched arms also
however they had a penis which jutted out and in an upthrust angle.

The master and mistress led me to a stone bench.  They lathered some type of
soap on me.  Paying special attention to my breasts, pussy and ass.  They
lathered my hair until it was soapy.  Then they led me down some stone steps
into the bath.  The water was warm like a hot tub I could feel the warm streams. 
They maneuvered me under one of the mermen and twisted his nuts and water
started to come out of his penis like a shower.  They made sure they rinsed me
very well and then they held me upside down and placed my pussy near the water
penis making sure the water got into my ass and vagina.

Once they finished with me they told me to soap them down and rinse them off.
When I started to soap them down I felt it was an honor to clean my master and
mistress.  I also found it very erotic to touch them so intimately.

The mistress made a big show of me washing her breasts lifting them so that I
could get under them.  She then spread her legs wide and told me to soap her
vagina and make sure I got her good and clean up into her pussy.  I soaped my
hands very well and reached down and spread her lips and started to move my
hands on the outside of her vagina and then looked up at her and inserted my
soapy fingers into her canal.  She closed her eyes in ecstasy when they entered
her and she moved back and forth on them until her husband came over and removed
my hand and smacked it gently.  He told me to rinse her because it was his turn.

As I approached him he handed me the soap and he told me to lather my hands good
and concentrate on his penis and balls.   I soaped up real good and placed his
penis in my hand and closed my hand around it and moved it back and forth on the
root.  With my other soapy hand I fondled his balls, lifting them up and making
sure to get them clean underneath.  He started to move in my hand,  I had it
tight around it and he pushed in and out of the hand until he came in the water. 
It was interesting to see his sperm floating on the water.




I am my bosses property 60

===================

Then they each grabbed a hand and maneuvered me over to one of the pipe holes
near the wall. They held my legs open until my pussy opening was right in front
of the pipe.  As the warm jet spring entered my pussy I came  immediately.  The
pleasure of the warm air and water washing into my canal and over my clit was
delicious.  I could barely control my breath.

They led me out of the pool and I could barely walk.  The master lifted me up
and threw me over his shoulder.  As he walked towards the house he kept on
slapping my ass which was right next to his face.  I had a clear view of his
solid and firm buttocks as he walked.

When we entered the house they went into the dining room.  They set me on a
chair with double dildo's on it.  As the husband was lowering me the wife pulled
me legs out to the side and helped him to line up my holes with the dildo's on
the chair.  The one in my vagina went in smoothly due to the previous climaxes I
had but the one for my ass seemed to get stuck.  She reached down and turned a
device under the chair and the dildo seemed to shrink until he was able to lower
me all the way down. 

The pain was horrible.  After everything that had been in there my ass didn't
seem to stretch.  My pussy was huge from what I could tell.  Anything could go
up there.  She leaned down in-between my legs and placed two fingers in my clit
ring and pulled it away from my body making me stretch after her hand to
alleviate the pain.  She attached two wire leads from under the chair which she
brought and sat in the middle of the table.  She then placed a hook on the front
of the chair.  It was a hook like you hang a coffee cup on in the kitchen.  She
then pulled my clit ring again until it was straight out from my body and
attached it over the hook.  My legs were straight out to the side and my clit
was pulled all the way to the front of the chair. 

Then she got up and she and the master left me sitting there like that.  I was
wondering where everyone way when a maid came in to set the table for lunch.  As
she was going in and out the Doberman Pincher, which was the houses guard dog,
came in.  He walked around the room.  I was hoping he didn't notice me.  I
didn't really like it when the master put him on me before so I did not want him
to notice me.

All of a sudden he was across the room he lifted his head up and sniffed.  He
whipped his head around in my direction and I knew I was in trouble.  He walked
over to me and sat on his back haunches and looked at me.  He looked up and
down.  I was shivering from his look and fright.  My nipples were standing out
from fright and I tried to close my legs but they were spread so wide I couldn't
even begin to close my legs.  My pussy and clit were out there for everyone.

He stood up and placed his paws on my shoulders.  I strained back as far as the
hook on my clit would let.  He sniffed my face and licked it.  He then got down
and sniffed my pussy.  He then jumped up and his paws hit me straight in the
middle of my breasts and I got little scratch marks from the nails on his paws.

He then got down and walked around the chair as if inspecting me.  He nudged my
ass cleft through the back of the chair with his cold nose.  He came around and
showed his nose into my pussy.  He then rubbed his nose on my extended clit.  I
shivered.  He did it again and I shivered again. 

As if he was human he started to lick the clit which was being held out at good
distance.  The pleasure was fantastic.  The feeling of the tongue which was
thick and long was so pleasurable.  I started cumming but he stopped licking me
and I was left in frustrations.  The dog then came around the side and kind of
latched his legs around me and started to hump my knee until he spurted his
stuff all over my leg.  And then he turned and left me. 




I am my bosses property 61

===================

I was sweating, the water was just pouring down my body from my frustration of
being brought almost to the edge and then dropped.  I was shakings and sweating
and as I looked up I saw my master in the doorway.  He was leaning against the
door post with his legs crossed and a smile on his face.  On all fours by his
side was a male slave complete with a long black tail sticking out of his
asshole and a pouch around his penis and genitals. 

The masters eyes caught mine and he moved forward with this slave.  He was
walking the slave on his knees as if he would be a slave or a dog.  He never
broke out gaze when he told the slave to lick the dogs jism off my knee.  He
then pulled a chair facing me and stretched out his hand and touched my clit. 
All he did was run his fingers up and down it on both sides.  I could feel my
breathe speeding up until I screamed with the most exquisite feel of cumming in
my entire life.

As I sat there suspended in my feelings, the master had the slave feed me while
the mistress and he ate.  When they were finished she came over and pulled my up
from the chair.  Undoing the clit ring.  She placed a leash which attached to
all three of my rings and handed the leash to my master.  She came very close to
me and fingered my nipples and rings and leaned close to my ear and she said,
"I'll see you later today the master will be working on enlarging your holes. 
We were very displeased that you could not be put on the chair.  Your original
masters led us to believe that you were sufficiently large but obviously not
large enough for us. Tah tah!"

With that the master gave the leash a tug and it painfully pulled my nipples and
clit.  He always kept the tension on them so no matter how fast I tried to walk
behind him they were always pulled out.

We entered the stable work area.  He led me to a type of pommel horse only this
time he had me lay length wise on it.  My breasts hung down on either side of
the leather bound horse.  My vagina was hanging right on the end.  The master
bent down and secured my legs to the legs of the horse forcing them wide apart. 
He wrapped my feet around the back legs making sure to secure them tightly. 
This caused my private Parts to be open even further. 

He just stood there and then he leaned down and blew into my vagina which made
me shiver.  He swatted my ass and said,  "lets get started.  I will not gag you
but if you become to noisy and disturb the other occupants on here I will." 

I looked around and saw various slaves in training mode.  There was a girl on a
dildo working her self up and down on it while Cassia hit her with a cat o nine. 
Making sure to get her breasts, ass and pussy.  Every once in a while Cassia
would fondle her clit or breasts.    There was a man folded double with his head
between his legs and his head was right above his balls and penis so he could
see what was being done.  They were applying hot and cold to his scrotum and
penis. Every once in a while the man who was torturing him was pushing a tool
into the hole in his penis and he would scream in pain.  Another was tied the
same way but he was getting a hot enema.  His stomach was bloated and there were
other slaves hanging around.




I am my bosses property 62

===================

He brought my attention back to him by coming in front of me and pulling my hair
back into a pony tail.  He said this was so he could see my face.  He put a chin
rest under my chin to hold my head up. My chin rested right in the middle
causing me not to be able to put down my head at all.  My hands were still free
but he was about to remedy that right now.  He went under the horse and attached
them to the underbelly.  They did not touch.  Each one was connected to a metal
attachment, so even if the pain was to great I couldn't hold my hands together
to stifle the screams.

He ran his hands down my back to my ass.  He then went to the wall and pulled
down what looked to be a metal oval shaped thing.   He went behind me and I felt
him attach it to the horse.  He then went over to the wall and pulled down a
silver dildo which he went behind me with.  I felt him attach it to the oval
thing and then he moved it closer until it was just resting on the edge of my
asshole.  He then went in front of the horse and plugged a plug into the wall
socket.  He pulled up a chair against the wall.  He then laid the remote control
looking box on the chair.  He then approached me and made sure that the entire
tip was in my rectum and then when he was satisfied he went to the chair and sat
down.

After he sat down he unzipped his pants and pulled his organ out.  Just looking
at a penis thrusting out of a man with clothes on is so hot.  He saw me staring
at him and must have seen me flush and he quirked his eyebrows and pushed the
button of the remote and I felt the dildo push inside of me with one lunge and
make it self at home to the hilt.  It just sat there for a moment and then he
twirled a dial and it started to rotate in a circle and start in plunge in and
out.  It took my breath away.  It took me about ten minutes to get used to it. 

He then rotated another dial and I felt the dildo expand a quarter of an inch
and then start the plunging in and out again.  It kept on doing this until it
had expanded to 5 inches across and 14 inches in length.  The whole time my
master would look at me and keep his tool erect.  I could see the pre cum oozing
from the top.  I wanted to lick his penis so bad.  But I was being stuffed like
a thanksgiving turkey. 

Finally he got up and went behind me. He fingered my pussy and I came right
there on the spot.  He said good, good.  We need to keep you in a state of
sexual tension today for what we have planned.  Your ass hole is going to be
thoroughly trained to stay open like it is now.  We want the regular size for
you to be able to take is 5x14.  So we will be opening you further than you are
now."

With that he pushed the button and it felt like it split me in half.  It opened
another 1 inch this time and expanded to 15 inches.  The dildo was working full
force in me.   I suddenly felt some hot liquid being expelled from the head of
the penis.  It was warm oil.  It softened my canal up to be opened more.




I am my bosses property 63

===================

I suddenly felt some hot liquid being expelled from the head of the penis.  It
was warm oil.  It softened my canal up to be opened more.

He reached up and rubbed my back and said you are doing so well it will be over
soon.  This part I mean not the day.  So on and on the stretching went until I
was screaming.  He turned off the motor and inserted his hand into my pussy and
fist fucked me until I came hard from his hand. 

He went to the wall and removed a very large butt plug.  This butt plug was
different it had a horses tail attached to it.  I stared and then I started to
shake. he couldn't mean for me to wear this could he.  He went behind me and
removed the contraption but he left the dildo in.  He untied my arms and told me
to place them on my lower back.  He tied them there.  Criss crossed one to the
other.  He then untied my legs and helped me to stand up.  The dildo in my ass
was so wide I was unable to put my legs together.  He told me to spread my legs
and bend them so I was squatting just a little.  When I did this he removed the
dildo and put the butt plug at the entrance of my hole and shove it up.  As he
shoved it up it caused me to go up with it.  He placed his hand in my nipple
rings and shoved again.  This time the pain from my nipple rings kept me at the
squat.

He got it in to the hole. It was a little thicker and longer than the metal
dildo.  It was made out of hard leather and did not give at all.  He then told
me to stand and I felt it make it self at home in my ass.  He let the tail go
and I could feel it fall down and sweep the back of my legs and knees.

He told me to close my legs as best as I could.  That was not very close.  He
led me to a leather harness and strapped me into it.  He said I am doing this
for he final preparation of this series of the treatment.  He spread my pussy
lips and inserted three bee waa balls into it and then closed my pussy with a
type of a plastic cap which fit over the opening to my canal.  He then held me
and jiggled me until the balls started to move.  He spread my legs wide in the
harness.  He started to push me back and forth.  Each time I approached him he
would push against the cap in my pussy making the balls do delicious things to
me.  I was on the verge of cumming when he quickly stopped and held me still.  I
tried to move in order to bring my self off but he would not let me do that.  I
sat in the harness shivering with my nipples standing straight out.  He leaned
in close and licked the sweat off my face and nipples.  He then leaned down and
brought me up to his mouth and licked my clit until I came in a rush of hot
liquid.

I wondered what else could he do to me and I was going to find out.

He let me feet down and unhooked me. He gave the horses tail in my ass a few
turns.  Pushing it in and out.  He said this was to keep my ass expanding.  All
I could say is that it really hurt every time he touched it.  It kind of looked
like one of those dinosaur bones that they show in the cartoons.  With a big
bulb on each end.  So every time he moved it, the feeling was if he was punching
his way further into me.




I am my bosses property 64

===================

So every time he moved it, the feeling was if he was punching his way further
into me.
He turned me around and I saw my Boss and his wife walk in.  I was
flabbergasted.  They had told us at the auction that it was going to be for the
month. 

They laughed and came over.  She reached down and inspected my ass where the
dildo was inserted.  She seemed pleased with the size of it and let Master Gogh
know it.  My Boss inserted his finger into my vagina and when it kept going he
made a fist and he was also happy and he told Master Gogh he wanted to take me
home.

Master Gogh said that's fine what ever you want.

They tore up the contract and gave Master Gogh a rebate on what he had paid for
me.  He sat them down and brought over a large screen TV and VCR.  He said he
wanted to show my boss what I had learned.  He had shots of everything we had
done.  She got up and looked at my nipple rings and clit ring.  She said she
would change them now.  She took out huge rings with a skull in the bottom,
which hung down.  She put them on me.  When she was satisfied she pulled out a
huge dildo about the size of the one in my ass and shoved it up my vagina until
it sealed it.  They led me out to the car and I sat between the boss and his
missus just like the first time.

Misha was still the driver and as the pushed me down they made sure the ponytail
hung out between my legs.  They each draped a leg across their laps and said we
really missed you.  When we got to the office they took me up stairs and bent me
over and pulled the plug from my vagina.  My boss lifted my horses tail out of
the way and made himself at home in my vagina like he had never left.  He just
moved in and out and I came before he did.  He said she is so big and so
sensitive now that she comes at a drop of a hat.

The wife said we will be having a great time from now on.

The End

(c) zone August 31, 2000





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  zone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





