BDSM Library - The Weekend




The Weekend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young attorney stumbles across his boss' daughter and some friends playing S&M games in the woods.  He is caught watching them and blackmailed into submitting to thier torments.  He soon finds he can't resist the games played by the lovely Maggie Whistler.
The Weekend
By Sardonicus




The Weekend
By Sardonicus

Prologue

The weekend that would change my life began with an innocent Saturday morning
jog through the woods on my boss's estate.

It was June, last year.  I had just graduated from law school and was clerking
at the most prestigious law firm in Atlanta while I waited to take the Bar exam
in August.  Life was wonderful!  Upon passing the Bar, I would become an
associate in the firm, the track to full partnership almost assured.  My boss,
the senior partner in the firm, George Whistler, lived on an estate in the
extreme northern suburbs of Atlanta.  It was a large estate, with heavy woods
occupying most of its western half.  George knew I had run cross-country in my
undergraduate days so he had generously offered me the use of the many trails
through his forest, anytime I wanted a good run.  This particular Saturday, in
early July, I had decided to take him up on his offer.  He was in New York for a
few days, but he had said "anytime", so I drove the five miles from my bachelor
apartment to his estate, parked at the edge of the forest, and began my run.

The day was warm so I wore only brief nylon running shorts and cross-training
shoes.  I decided to pick a trail which led into the center of the forest, then
I would turn around when I reached the fence at the northern border of his land. 
I estimated it would be about a six mile run and that was about all I figured I
could handle, not having run for a couple of months.

Five minutes after I had started to run, I was jogging at a comfortable pace.  I
had worked up a light sweat and was really getting into the run and the day. 
The forest was a fairly thick mixture of Georgia Pines and various other trees,
with paths dappled with sunlight and covered with soft pine needles.  When I
heard the yells, I first thought I was imagining things.

I heard what sounded like sharp cries coming from off to my right.  I slowed, 
prepared to run on when satisfied that it was only forest noise, when I heard it
again, clearly now.  "Owwww!  Don't, please!  Owwww!  Stop!"  It was definitely
a female voice and, whoever she was, she was definitely in trouble.  I moved
silently toward the voice, not wanting to announce my presence until I could see
what was going on.

I was off the trail now, working my way through some fairly heavy undergrowth. 
The voice came again, and this time I heard another.  "This is just the
beginning, sweetie.  Wait 'til you see what we've got planned for you next!" 
This voice, too, was female, but she was clearly enjoying whatever was
happening.

I dropped to a crouch as I drew closer.  Finally I was able to peek through some
bushes to see the source of the voices.  I couldn't believe my eyes!

There was an amazing scene before me.  It was a good-sized clearing, next to a
stream that meandered through the forest.  It was, or had been, some kind of
camping/picnic area, because there were a couple of large, solid-looking picnic
tables near the stream, and there was a stone fire ring that contained a small
fire.  What amazed me, though, were the occupants of the clearing.  There were
three young women, about my age, in view.  One of them, obviously the source of
the cries for mercy, was hanging by her wrists from a tree limb and was being
beaten by the other two!  She had been tied so that her outstretched toes barely
reached the ground, stretching her body for the whips that were being used by
her attackers.  She, and the girls whipping her, were very attractive, with
firm, well-proportioned bodies.  This was easy to determine because the victim
was completely naked, and her whippers were dressed only in what appeared to be
the bottom halves of the briefest thong bikinis I had ever seen.

I was only about forty feet away, so I had an excellent view of the proceedings. 
The two aggressors, one blonde and one redhead, were using what appeared to be
heavy five-tailed whips, with foot-and-a-half long lashes.  They were taking
turns lashing the buttocks of their victim, who was also light haired, and they
were clearly enjoying their efforts.  The strength of their blows, combined with
the fact that the buttocks of their victim showed no cuts, only a lot of
redness, led me to conclude the whips' tails must be made of some kind of
rubber.  I was sure that leather whips of such a size would have cut the girl to
ribbons, and quickly at that.

In retrospect, I guess the reason I decided not to interfere was the fact that
the two aggressors were dressed in exactly the same costume, of exactly the same
color, a soft orange.  I also discerned some giggles among the cries for mercy
and the responding threats, which made me decide to be cautious, for the moment,
at least.

I had experimented with S&M in a couple of my relationships with girls in
college, so I wasn't too surprised to discover that watching this little scene
was turning me on!  The victim, balanced so precariously on her toes, with her
arms stretched tightly on high, was exquisitely lovely.   Each time a blow
landed on her tight buttocks, her body jerked sharply, causing her firm breasts
to bounce delightfully.  Watching, my erection began to push against the
confines of my running shorts.  On my knees, peering through the brush, I pushed
my shorts down to my thighs and began to stroke my cock gently.  Gently rapidly
became urgently, as my excitement grew.

I couldn't help myself!  I pumped away on my cock, trying not to betray my
presence by making any noise.  I soon felt my juices begin to rise in my groin
and gave myself over to my orgasm, ejaculating in large spurts onto the forest
floor.

As I slowly milked the last drops of semen from my cock, I was startled to hear
a voice behind me!

"Not bad.  Wanna see it again?"

I jumped to my feet, prepared to run.  I was stopped in my tracks, however, by
the owner of the voice.  It was my boss's daughter, Margaret ("Call me Maggie")
Whistler.  She was wearing only the same pale orange thong worn by the
aggressors in the clearing, but that was incidental to the two items she was
carrying.  In her right hand, she held an 8mm camcorder, held up to her eye and
pointed straight at me.  In her left hand, she held what appeared to be a .38
caliber revolver.  It, too, was pointed straight at me!  I froze uncertain how
to react.  I knew her only to say "hello" to.  She was a couple of years older
than I was, about twenty six, and she was drop-dead gorgeous!  She was a petite
brunette with the kind of athletic body that I found easy to fantasize about. 
Seeing her in the thong bikini confirmed my fantasies.  She had fairly small,
but very firm breasts, a slim waist, and great legs!  She defined the word
"stunner" to me, but her age and the fact she was my boss's daughter had kept me
from even trying to get to know her.  Standing in front of her with my shorts
down around my legs and my cock still dripping semen made me feel very foolish,
indeed.

"Put your hands together on top of your head.  I know how to use this gun and I
will, if I have to."

I did as she directed, lacing my fingers together and resting my hands on top of
my head.  At this point, I decided, my law career was certainly over but, if I
was careful, she might not shoot me.

"Can I pull my shorts up, at least?"  I asked her.

"I think not, just yet.  You should be ashamed of yourself!  Just what are you
doing here, anyway?"

"Your father told me I could use the trails in this forest for a run anytime I
wished.  I never dreamed..."

"You looked as if you were dreaming pretty well with that dick of yours in your
hand.  I've got a great video of you in action.  Maybe you'd like a copy?"  She
had lowered the battery-operated camera and was no longer filming, but I was
sure the damage was already done.  The .38 still pointed unwaveringly at my
navel.

Suddenly, she raised her voice.  "Sally,"  she shouted,  "you and the other
girls get up here.  I got a little surprise for you."

"Give me a break," I pleaded.  "Let me pull up my shorts, at least."

"Uh uh.  You obviously enjoyed looking at my friends.  I think it's only fair
they get a good look at you, in return.  Of course, they can always catch the
video."  She chuckled and indicated the camcorder in her right hand.

My hopes sank.  I was in very deep trouble, and I knew it!

It was only a few minutes before the other three girls arrived.  Maggie and I
had passed that time in silence.  The fact she hadn't shot me, or talked about
the police, was a little encouraging.  My heart was still beating a
mile-a-minute, however.

The redhead was the first to arrive.  She was followed quickly by the two
blondes.  The blonde who had been the victim had put on an orange thong of her
own and was the first to speak.  "Who is this?  What's he doing here?"

"Just take it easy, Sally.  This is Bill Parker.  He works for my father.  He
really enjoyed watching you being initiated.  I've got the proof right here." 
Again, she indicated the camcorder.  "He heard you, I guess, and snuck down to
where he could see.  He liked it so much he jacked off, right here, on candid
camera.  I just happened to be coming back with the camera and discovered him. 
Once more she waved the camcorder.

The blonde who had been doing the whipping walked closer to me.  She slowly
looked me up-and-down, turned to the others and said; "he's got a nice dick,
huh?  Nice body, too.   He's also kinda cute

In spite of my fear, watching these four lovely women walk around in what
amounted to g-strings was causing my penis to stir a little.  I tried
desperately to think of soft summer rains, the surf breaking on the
shore...anything but the firm, nubile bodies on display in front of me.

"I think he likes us, too," said the redhead, with a smirk.  What are we gonna
do with him?"

"I've been thinking about that," said Maggie.  "How would you girls like to have
some fun?"

They chorused their approval, at once.

"OK," Maggie said.  "Go on back to the camp.  I'm going to explain the facts of
life to him before I let him go.  I'll fill you in shortly.  Here, Sally, take
the camcorder with you."  She gave the camera to the blonde and they left,
leaving me alone with Maggie.

"Can I put down my hands and pull up my shorts?" I asked.  "You've still got the
gun."

"Go ahead."

I couldn't believe how comforting it was to pull my shorts back up over my
genitals.  "What happens now?" I asked.

"What happens now is you've got a choice to make."  She was still aiming the
pistol steadily at my belly.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean you can choose between my making sure that the tape I just shot of you
jacking off in the woods finds its way 'accidentally' into my father's hands or,
you can accept our punishment for your bad behavior and I'll return the tape to
you."

George Whistler finding a tape of me jacking off in his forest was unthinkable! 
My bright career would be so far into the toilet; I'd probably never recover. 
He could easily put the word out on me to all the major law firms.  I had no
choice, and she knew it.

"What kind of punishment are you talking about?"

"First, let me explain what's going on here.  You have stumbled upon an
initiation ceremony for a very exclusive girls' club.  The attractive blonde you
saw being whipped is our newest member.  Our club has no name and there are only
the four of us.  The club exists to allow us to explore our common interest in
pain and pleasure.  We are all basically sadists, but our new members, as you
saw, must show they can take it before they can have the chance to dish it out. 
We normally play and experiment with each other.  I'm the only member who has
any experience playing with men.  We use this campsite for our initiations and
other games because it's private property.  I never dreamed my father would
invite you to run here.  Too bad for you, but wonderful for us!"

"What do you mean?" I asked, knowing only too well.

"I mean that you are going to let us play with you, if you don't want that tape
to fall into my father's hands."

"Define 'play'."  I was beginning to gain a little confidence.  She surely
wouldn't want her father to know about her kinky little club.

"Specifically, I mean that you will surrender yourself to us, here, tomorrow at
noon.   You will agree to accept any punishment we decide to implement, for a
period of five hours.  At 5 PM, sharp, if you have taken all we can dish out,
you'll be released and given the only copy of the tape I just shot of you."  Her
green eyes flashed as she laid out the terms.

"I can't agree to that," I said.  "In five hours, you could do me some pretty
serious damage."

"We won't do anything to you that will do any damage or leave any permanent
marks.  That's always the way we play, and we're pretty good at it.  Also, at
any time during the five hours, you can tell us you've had enough and we'll stop
right away.  If you do stop us, however, the tape gets to my father just as soon
as I can make it happen."

"No damage?  You're certain?"  I couldn't believe I was calmly discussing this
with her but I was beginning to believe I could save my future, after all.

"Trust me." She giggled.  "If we do accidentally damage you, I promise you'll
get the tape and my father will never know anything."

"How about the other girls?  How do I know they won't spread this around?"

"You don't, for sure.  I guess that's the chance you'll have to take if you want
to succeed in my father's firm.  They aren't likely to talk about it, though. 
Being in this club is a very nice thing and I don't think they would jeopardize
that."

"Looks like I don't have very much choice."

"I was hoping you'd see it that way.  It won't be easy, though.  This will be
the longest five hours of your young life!"

"I'm not THAT young!"

"That's true.  To tell the truth, I've wondered why you haven't tried to at
least get to know me.  I've seen you around the office and you haven't given me
a second glance.  Don't you find me attractive?"
"You're the boss's daughter, and you're at least two years older than I am.  I
didn't think you'd give me a second glance."

"Well, you never know until you try.  Anyhow, are you going to go along with
this?"

"I've got to try, don't I?"  To myself, I thought that a little whipping with
rubber whips by four gorgeous women was a small price to pay for keeping my
career on track.  How little I knew!

"I was pretty sure you'd see it that way.  OK, be here tomorrow at noon, ready
to suffer!"

"What kind of clothes should I wear?"

"Wear anything you like for the trip.  At high noon, tomorrow, however, I want
you standing in the center of this little clearing, without a stitch of
clothing.  Is that perfectly clear?"

My heart sank a bit.  "Why do I have to be naked in front of you girls?"

"Being naked in front of us is part of your punishment and torture victims are
always naked!  Besides, I've got some suspicions about you.  I think you may
just enjoy some of what goes on tomorrow."

"You've got to be kidding.  I'm scared to death.  It's only the chance of saving
my future that's causing me to go along with this."

"We'll see.  The nice thing about a naked man is that it's impossible for him to
conceal his excitement.  I think you're in for a very interesting afternoon."

"Are you sure we can't just forget the whole thing?" I asked.

"Not a chance!  If you're not standing at attention, bare-assed, in the center
of this clearing tomorrow at noon, my father will somehow 'find' that videotape. 
You can imagine how it would go from there.  Now, get out of here.  We've got to
plan your little festivities for tomorrow."

I left, jogging slowly back to my car.  I was still in a sort of shock.  I
couldn't believe that I had just agreed, very calmly, to present myself naked,
at high noon, for four young women to torture.  I drove back to my apartment
carefully, trying to think of some way out of this predicament.  Maggie Whistler
was a lovely and very sexy young woman, but the thought of surrendering myself
to her and her friends, naked, for five hours, was pretty damn terrifying.  My
last thought, as I fell into a troubled sleep that night, was of her green eyes
flashing as she proposed my fate to me.




The Weekend
By Sardonicus

Part I

The next morning I awoke earlier than usual.  I still couldn't quite believe
that I had promised to surrender myself, naked, at noon, in the woods of George
Whistler's estate, to the tender (hopefully) mercies of four young women.

I showered, then puttered around for as long as I could but, by 11:30, I
realized I had best be on my way.  I dressed in running shorts and shoes, just
as I had the day before, and drove to the estate.  It was about 11:45 when I
parked, so I took my time getting to the clearing.  Upon arrival, I looked
around and saw no one.  I removed my running shoes, then my nylon shorts, then
moved through the undergrowth to the clearing.  Once in the center, I stood at
attention, as directed, feeling very naked and very foolish.

It was only moments before I heard them.  They came through the forest from the
general direction of the campsite.  When they came into view I was amazed to see
that they wore only the soft orange thongs they had been wearing the day before.

"Glad you could make it."  Maggie was the first to speak.  "I guess you are
wondering why we are dressed as we are.  Well, it's simply to add to your
torment.  One of the things that make you men so interesting is the fact that
you can't conceal your excitement.  There's simply no place to hide a hard-on,
at least when you are naked.  I know you find our bodies attractive and I also
know that a stiff cock is a lot more susceptible to torment than a soft one.  Of
course, I assume you'll try to avoid becoming sexually excited.  With us dressed
like this, I imagine you'll have a pretty difficult time, though."

"Do you just want to humiliate me?"

"Ahhh, sweetheart.  It goes much deeper than that.  You'll see."

She then reached down and gave my cock a couple of smooth strokes.  When it
noticeably stiffened, Maggie gave me an evil grin and I heard one of the other
girls giggle.  She gave me a nudge in the general direction and we started
walking toward the campsite.  Once there, I realized that this was almost surely
going to be much worse than I had thought.  The picnic tables were still there,
but one had been covered with an old blanket.  I could imagine myself stretched
out on top of it, at their mercy.  The ground as covered with soft pine needles,
dappled by the sun through the overhead branches, giving the scene a cheerful
appearance.  The fact that I was soon to be a helpless victim, however, made me
attach ominous overtones to everything I saw.

One of the girls, the blonde victim of yesterday, came forward with some thick
nylon rope, her pert breasts bobbing delightfully.  She tied my wrists together
in expert fashion, then tossed the end of the rope over a heavy tree branch that
was about nine feet off the ground.  One of the other girls took the end and
drew me up to my fullest stretch, still allowing me to touch the ground with my
feet, before tying the rope off on a tree branch, below.  At this point I was
strung up by my wrists, but able to stand comfortably.  Not for long, however. 
They quickly drove heavy metal stakes into the ground at my feet, about four
feet apart.  Watching these lovely girls work, the thongs disappearing between
firm, tanned buttocks, and their breasts gleaming with a soft sheen of
perspiration, was causing my cock to behave as though I was actually looking
forward to the coming events.

Once the stakes were in place, my ankles were tied to them with more lengths of
the thick rope; stretching my legs apart and leaving me almost suspended by my
wrists, straight over my head.  My ankles were pulled out to the point that I
was just barely able to maintain contact with the ground with the tips of my
toes.

The position was not comfortable.  Maggie walked around me then stepped back
into my line of vision and asked me if I was "comfy".
I didn't respond, so she took hold of my cock, which was growing larger, in
spite of my wishes, and began to stroke it.  Her stroke was gentle, but it
contained a firmness of grip that told me she knew exactly what she was doing.

My cock responded to her caresses.  Once it was fully erect, she abandoned it
and began to work on my nipples.  She teased them with her fingernails, then,
pinching savagely, let me know how easy it was for her to hurt me.  My "Owwww!"
seemed to please her and she released the tender nubs while she looked me
directly in the eyes.

"I think you are finally beginning to understand your situation.  Well, good. 
You've got lots of time to appreciate it."

"Now," she said, sweetly.  "The first thing we're going to do is see how far we
can stretch your balls."  She brought forward a four-foot length of thin nylon
clothesline, halved it, then made a loop at its center by pulling the loose ends
back through.  She placed the loop around the base of my testicles, above the
balls and below the penis, and pulled it snug.  She then took the loose ends,
threaded them together between my testicles, and pulled them back through the
loop around my balls, separating them very tightly.  She gave the loose ends a
firm tug, demonstrating that pulling on them created more pressure, and,
correspondingly, more pain for my balls.

"Those poor little things are starting to get a little purple, already.  I don't
think he's going to enjoy this very much," commented yesterday's victim, who was
watching my reactions very closely.

One of the girls produced a yellow plastic pail; the handle of which she tied to
the loose ends of the clothesline that separated my balls.  Allowing the pail to
hang free, they seemed pleased to note that it was suspended about eight inches
above the ground.  The pail didn't weigh very much, but even its slight burden
was noticeable to my tethered balls.  I was pretty sure this was going to get
very unpleasant, very quickly, and the girls rapidly proved me correct.  The
tension on my balls, along with the knowledge that things could easily be put
into the pail to make it heavier, had me nervously anticipating their next move. 
My cock was still semi-erect in spite of my fear, or perhaps, because of it!

"How much weight do you think your balls can support?" Maggie asked, with a
smirk.  I didn't respond, just looked up at the rope holding my wrists high
above my head.  "Water is reasonably heavy, so let's just find out.  Ladies,
let's have some water."

While yesterday's blonde victim was filling a pail with water from the creek,
the other three amused themselves by playing with my naked body.  One of them
pinched my nipples and ran her hand lightly up and down my chest and belly. 
Another seemed to be checking my buttocks for firmness.  Maggie held my cock in
her left hand while, looking directly into my eyes, she gently scraped a sharp
fingernail all over its sensitive head.  The combination of stimulation was
pretty overwhelming and my sexual excitement was very obvious.  I was almost
relieved when the pretty blonde returned with her pail half-filled with water. 
It looked very heavy.

"A gallon of water weighs about six pounds," Maggie commented with a smile.  
"That bucket we've suspended from your balls will hold two gallons.  I'm not
really sure you can take twelve pound tied to your balls.  That's a lot of
weight to suspend from those tender little eggs.  What do you think?"

I wasn't given a chance to reply.  The blonde tilted her pail over the one
hanging from my balls and let the water begin to fill it.  The increased weight
was immediately uncomfortable.  I began to feel a dull ache deep in my
testicles.  She stopped after putting about a half-gallon in my pail and they
all watched my reactions as the pail swung tautly between my legs.  At a signal
from Maggie, the blonde poured what was left in her pail into mine.  I could
feel the rope separating my balls tighten from the pull of the additional
weight.  I was starting to get scared!

"That's about six pounds," Maggie said.  "How does it feel now?"  She raised a
perfectly formed bare foot and gave the pail a little nudge with her toes,
causing it to swing forward and back between my legs in a gentle arc.  Each
swing seemed to tighten the rope a bit more, causing my cock to bob around like
it had a mind of its own.

"I don't think I can take any more!" I pleaded.  "Please.  Get that thing off me
before I really get damaged!"  That brought a couple or giggles from the girls.  
They were really enjoying this!

"Don't be such a baby," Maggie replied, with a soft smile.  "I'm sure a fine
physical specimen such as yourself can handle more than a mere six pounds.  I
think we need some more water."  This last was to the little blonde, who hurried
to the stream with her empty pail.

Maggie gently stroked my cock, looking directly into my eyes.  "I told you we
wouldn't do you any damage, didn't I?  Don't you trust me?"  I decided to remain
quiet, just hoping that she really knew what she was doing.

The blonde was back quickly with the pail that was, once again, about half full
of water.  She looked at Maggie expectantly and, receiving a nod, began to pour
more water into my pail, stopping only when things reached the point that I was
certain my testicles were about to burst or, even worse, be torn from my body.

Maggie examined the pail and strummed the taut clothesline between it and my
balls several times, almost like a harp's string.  Almost absently, she gave it
another nudge with her toes, sending it into a soft arc that was causing me
agony.  "That's about ten pounds," she said.  "I guess that's about all he can
take, ladies.  Let's see how he handles that for a while."

They gathered around me and amused themselves by teasing and tormenting my
stretched out body with their hands.  When I was unable to resist reacting to
their fingers digging into my sides, they were delighted at my ticklishness.  I
struggled to remain as still as a statue, so that the pail pulling my balls
would hurt as little as possible, but their fingernails in my ribs and armpits
soon had me jumping around as much as my tight bondage would permit.  Each
sudden movement, of course, led to immediate pain in my tethered balls.  I was
pleading for mercy between my ticklish laughs when Maggie finally told them to
stop.

"OK, ladies, let's give him a little rest, now.  We don't want to break our toy
before we've had all our fun."  She lifted the pail that was torturing me and
poured its heavy contents onto the ground in front of me.  My relief was
immediate, though I suspected the dull ache in my balls would not subside for
some time.

They gathered around me and Maggie, again, began stroking my softening cock,
which quickly reacted to her caresses.

"He's got a very nice body."  I heard from one of my tormenters.

"Like the song says, we've only just begun," this from Maggie.  Wait until he
feels the clips!"

One of the other girls spoke up at this time, something about enjoying the sight
of my cock swinging in the breeze.  She finished her comments with a request to
"get into high gear."

"I think it's time to see how he likes our little whips."  Maggie's voice again,
and very scary.

"A new tie, though," from the blonde victim of yesterday.

"Yes, let's work between his legs," said the redhead.

I wanted to ask them what they had already been doing, if not working between my
legs, but discretion got the better part of valor, and I remained silent.

They released me from my bonds and allowed me to rest a few minutes on the
ground, at their feet, while they removed the stakes from the earth and put the
ropes away.  I really wanted to fondle and examine my balls to see if there was
any damage to them, but was too embarrassed to do so with them watching.

My rest was brief.  Maggie briskly ordered me to my feet and, using cuffs that
came from a large box nearby handcuffed my wrists together in front of me.  The
cuffs fit snugly but not tightly enough to pinch my skin.  Next, a pair of
sturdy thumbcuffs was produced from the box and was placed on my big toes,
locking my feet closely, and implacably, together.  Then Maggie took a very long
piece of thin nylon clothesline and doubled it at the midpoint.  She placed the
loose ends of the line through the midpoint loop, around my waist, drawing it
uncomfortably tight, with the loose ends hanging down from near my navel.  She
then brought the free ends down my lower belly to my genitals and drew them back
between my legs, passing one loose end around either side of my genitals.  The
thin ropes came back together behind my balls, nesting snugly in the crack of my
ass.  The ends were then drawn up behind me and, at the small of my back, passed
through the loop around my waist.  Maggie then directed me to raise my
handcuffed wrists above my head.  When I complied, she passed the ends under the
short chain connecting the cuffs, then drew the ends over the same tree limb
above my head.  When the girls began pulling the rope over the limb, my hands
were drawn up over my head b the rope between the cuffs and the thin ropes were
snugged deeply, and painfully, into the cleft between my buttocks.  They drew
the rope up until I was on my tiptoes, with the thumbcuffs preventing me from
any kicking about or other unusual leg movement.  The ropes that felt like they
were cutting me in half between my legs were supporting almost my entire weight. 
They finally tied it off so I was just able to reach the ground with my toes,
but I was unable to make any movement, at all, without causing myself intense
pain.

They all gathered closely around me, enjoying my reaction to this very creative
bondage.  The ropes pressing tightly on either side of my cock and balls were
having an effect on me.  Once again, in spite of my fear, my cock was growing
erect.  I tried to grasp the rope above my head, with my cuffed hands, hoping to
take some of my weight off the rope between my legs, but it was too thin for me
to gain any benefit.  My hands simply slipped off its surface.

"Get the whips!"  This was Maggie's voice.

"Yeah.  That's what we need."

"The whips" turned out to be four very thing and very nasty looking riding
crops.  Each of the girls took one and began taking turns slashing at my naked
body.  I was unable to move around very much because the nylon clothesline drawn
up into my ass was so painful.  All I could do was dangle there in front of them
and take it.

The crops were thin enough that they didn't break my skin, but they stung like
fire every time they made contact with my naked skin.  They began by
concentrating their blows to my buttocks and thighs but, when they saw how
sharply I reacted to cuts across my chest and belly, they made sure at least
half of their strikes were across my front.  The combination of the savage crops
and the rope between my legs that sawed into me soon had me in a fog-like daze
of pain and pleasure.  I began to understand why the greatest fear of Indian
captives was to be turned over to the squaws.   These girls were really enjoying
themselves!

Maggie called a halt to the whipping, then really got my attention when she dug
into the box and brought out some wooden, pinch-type clothespins.  She showed
them to me, then began placing them on my cock.

"You'll appreciate this," she said.  "They hurt when they go on, but they hurt a
lot worse when they come off."  She put several of them on both sides of my
cock, then placed several more on the very sensitive tip.  They hurt, all right,
but when she began flicking them with her forefinger they felt like wasp stings
on the most sensitive parts of my body!  They all seemed fascinated by the sight
of the clothespins dangling from my penis, which was very erect in spite of the
pain.  After a few minutes, however, my worst fears were realized.

I heard Maggie say "OK, ladies, why don't you use those crops to take those
clothespins off!
They delighted in following her suggestion and, when they started to whip my
cock with their crops, I almost lost it  They slashed at the clothespins
savagely, trying to make them disconnect.

Each slash of a crop was like a line of fire across my genitals.  Every move I
made to try to avoid the pain caused the thin nylon rope to cut deeper into my
crotch.  There was no escape...I was dancing like a puppet at the end of a slim
white cord!

It seemed an eternity before they had finished whipping the clothespins off my
cock.  I was sure I was bleeding profusely, but a downward glance revealed no
blood, just a very red cock and balls.

The scary part was that I was still enormously erect in spite of the pain!  The
girls were really enjoying my situation.  They each took a turn at stroking my
cock, making certain I wasn't given enough stimulation to have an orgasm.  The
little blonde who had been the victim yesterday was particularly vicious,
delighting in pinching my nipples savagely with one hand while pumping away at
my very sore cock with the other.

After what seemed forever, they seemed to agree that I was ready for some sort
of different treatment.  They released me from the rope between my legs, removed
the handcuffs from my wrists and the thumbcuffs from my toes, and allowed me
another brief rest.  I was relieved, and a little surprised, to discover no
blood running down my legs.

Much sooner than I would have wished, they led me over to one of the sturdy
picnic tables.  It was the one that had been covered with a blanket...to prevent
splinters, I guessed, but I wasn't given much time to contemplate that fact.  I
quickly found myself bound spread-eagled to the four corners of the table.  I
was face up and stretched as tightly as they could manage.  I was beginning to
wonder if I wouldn't have been better off to let them do whatever they wanted
with the videotape.  My continuing, and very visible, sexual excitement,
however, made me realize I was just kidding myself.  I would let them do almost
anything to me, if only they would give me an orgasm, or two!

"It's time for you to feel a little heat," Maggie whispered into my ear,
casually stroking my cock.  It was getting rock-hard again, to my horror. 
"First, we're going to apply a little bit of hot candle wax to some of your more
sensitive places...then we're gonna take it off.  Sounds like fun, huh?  First,
though, we've got to try to make sure your cock stays as hard as possible for
this procedure.  This ought to help."  She produced a short length of the thin
rope, tied it tightly around the base of my genitals, and then used the ends to
wrap around and tightly separate my balls before tying them off.  "There. 
Things ought to stay pretty tight and firm with that.  Hmmm.  Your balls are
getting purple, again.  Does this hurt?"

"This" was a sharp fingernail, digging into my taut left testicle.  My gasp of
pain gave her the answer she wanted.

She then brought out and lit a white candle that appeared to be about a
half-inch thick and about eight inches long.  She carefully began to drip the
burning wax from the candle onto my nipples.  It was very hot, and she was
holding the candle only about two inches above my chest as she dripped the wax. 
I struggled against the ropes, but they were expertly tied.  I was going nowhere
until I was released!

I soon realized that coating my nipples with wax was to be the least of it. 
After my nipples were generously covered, she began to slowly cover the shaft of
my cock.  This was very painful, particularly because she was holding the candle
so close to my flesh.  The other girls were watching my reactions closely and
they seemed almost stunned by the violence of my struggles against my bonds. 

Once the shaft was covered, the worst (I thought) began.  Maggie began to drip
the burning wax slowly onto the head of my cock.  The rope around the base of my
cock kept me erect, but I wasn't sure I could handle much more of this.  Hot wax
from two inches above the most sensitive part of an erect penis is very scary
stuff. Each drip felt like a hot needle through my flesh.

When she finished covering the head of my cock and began to drip the wax on my
tightly tied balls, I yelled aloud, much to the delight of my audience.  The
scrotal sac is covered with very thin skin!  I was sure I was being blistered
with each and every drip of wax!

She finally finished her painful work, leaving me trembling with relief, and
with my nipples and genitals completely covered with the now hard wax.  I
thought the worst might be over.  Silly me!

"Here's your big chance, Bill," Maggie said.  "We've got to take this wax off
you, so we might as well have some fun in the process.  Each of us is going to
take off our thong and crawl up there on top of you.  You are going to try to
bring us to an orgasm.  We'll be facing your cock, with our sweet little pussies
right over your mouth.  You'll be able to reach our clits with your tongue, if
you try, real hard!  Make each one of us come, with your tongue, and the rest of
this session will be very easy for you.  Oh, I forgot to mention that, while you
are trying to get us off with your tongue, we'll be removing the wax from your
cock and balls with this..."

"This" turned out to be an automotive test probe, about six inches long, that
looked like a screwdriver but had a very sharp point.  The sharp point, she
explained matter-of-factly, was ideal for removing hard wax from sensitive
places, a fact she demonstrated by carefully removing the wax from my nipples. 
It hurt a great deal.  Each small piece of wax she flicked away required her to
dig the sharp point of the probe into the tender skin beneath the wax.  I could
only imagine how bad it would be when they started working on my cock and balls.

Maggie was the first to mount me, of course.  She removed her thong and
positioned herself with her knees on either side of my chest, facing my
genitals, so that, as promised, I could reach up with my straining tongue and
stimulate her clitoris.  This was a task I was more than happy to undertake! 
She tasted sweet and warm, and her body reacted immediately to my efforts. 
Torturing me must have really gotten her turned on!  She tried to resist her
reactions by digging sharply into my cock and tightly stretched balls with the
probe, and she did slow me down somewhat.  That thing was sharp!  In less than
five minutes, however, she came vigorously, with loud shuddering sobs.  The
watching girls were hushed as she finished and I hoped my excellent efforts
might have earned me a reprieve.  They recovered quickly, however, and argued
briefly about whose turn it was to go next!

Each of them, in turn, climbed on the table and presented a soft, warm pussy to
me.  I was able to lick and suck their clits and, finally, brought each of them
to a climax, but while I was doing that, they used the sharp screwdriver probe
to remove every speck of the wax from my cock and balls.  I tried to maintain my
concentration, but the pain of having a sharp instrument digging into the head
of my cock was more than I could bear.  After what seemed an eternity of agony,
the last of them was spent and my cock and balls were clean of the wax.

In spite of all the things that had been done to me, I was still enchanted by
Maggie.  She was breathtakingly beautiful, with a demeanor that caused me to be
sexually excited, just by being in her presence.  Having her "playing" with me
was incredibly stimulating, in spite of the pain she inflicted.

"You've shown you can take a lot," she whispered into my ear.  "We're going to
make you come, now.  Are you ready for that?"

"Yes!  Please, please, make me come!"

"You may regret that request."

"I don't care.  Please make me come!"

"You heard him, ladies.  Let's get him off."

I should have been warned by the giggles.

She untied the rope around my cock and balls and discarded it, then produced a
bag full of white, plastic clothespins.  They were the type that had serrations
in the pinching ends, to create a positive grip, a fact she pointed out by
placing one in front of my concerned eyes and opening and closing it slowly. 
She began carefully placing them around the ridge on the head of my cock.  Each
of them created its own special kind of pain as they were applied.  When she was
done, there were ten of them, tightly gripping the ridge.  She gave my cock mild
shaking, causing the pins to bounce around merrily.  The pain was exquisite!

"This is your 'reward' for being such a good victim," she said, grinning and
taking a firm grip on my cock's shaft.  "You're so turned on that you won't be
able to stop yourself from coming."

I was still spread-eagled to the table, so was helpless to prevent anything she
wished to do.  She began to stroke my cock firmly, causing me to gasp aloud at
the renewed pain the moving clothespins caused.

"I know you think this is very bad now, but you won't believe how bad it is when
you start to come."

I wasn't sure what she meant but knew I was about to find out.  Her soft hand on
my sensitized shaft was rapidly bringing me to the point of no return, in spite
of the agony the clothespins were causing.  Watching my eyes carefully, she
increased the tempo of her strokes as I neared my plateau, every stroke jiggling
the clothespins and causing me excruciating pain!

"When you come," Maggie said, slowing her stroke slightly to drop me back before
the final blast, "you aren't going to believe how painful it is.  Every
ejaculatory surge will cause the head of your cock to expand.  Unfortunately for
you, these clips around the head of your cock don't have any room to expand. 
They're inclined to just sort of hang around and bite in.  With every surge your
cock head will try to expand to the max.  The clothespins, however, prevent it
from being able to do that.  The result is excruciating pain.  Each time your
cock surges to ejaculate, the pins will bite in even tighter than they feel now. 
It's the perfect combination of pain and pleasure!  You won't be able to avoid
the pain, and you won't be able to resist the pleasure!  All we need to make
this perfect is a couple of nasty little clamps for your nipples."

As if on signal, the little blonde produced a couple of very severe looking
alligator clamps.  She carefully prepared my nipples for them, pulling and
tugging until they were perfectly ready, then placed them expertly on the very
tips of my nipples.  They hurt terribly, but I was more concerned with what
Maggie was up to between my legs!

"Here we go," Maggie said, masturbating me mercilessly.

I couldn't resist.  She took me rapidly to the point of no return then, smiling
sadistically, finished the job.  I came as I had never come before!  Each surge,
as promised, was excruciatingly painful.  The head of my cock tried to expand
and there was no place to go!  The pain was like ten red-hot needles through my
cock!  Yet, at the same time, I was feeling an ecstasy like I had never
experienced before!  Pain and pleasure mixed in an explosive potion and I came
in rivers!

Each time my cock surged, I felt pain that seemed to take me completely away
from my body.

Finally, I finished, and now the pain wasn't sexy anymore.  Now it was just
brutally severe in a way that's hard to describe.  Maggie took the clothespins
off my cock, one at a time.  Each one left its own mark of agonizing pain on my
psyche.  They actually did hurt worse being removed than they had being put in
place!

When they were all gone, I was totally spent, wanting only to be released from
my bondage.

"Guess what?" Maggie asked.

"Huh?"  I was still dazed.

"It's after five.  Your ordeal is over!"

"Can we do without these other people?" I asked.

"Of course.  Ladies, would you leave us alone,  please?"

The other girls left the clearing, leaving us alone.  I was still tied to the
picnic table but she released me as soon as they were out of sight.

"Where's my copy of the videotape?"

"Here."  She placed it on the table.  "I do have one confession to make,
however," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"I did make one extra copy.  I had to be safe."

"You're a cunning little bitch."

"Yeah," with a smirk, "but you can't deny you liked what we did to you, in spite
of the pain.  A stiff cock tells no lies."

"Well, what do I have to do to get the other tape from you?"

She looked at me with eyes that fairly burned.  "Be here next Saturday, naked. 
I'll be alone.  It'll just be you, and me, and you won't believe how cruel I'll
be to you."

The thought of being at lovely Maggie's mercy, again, gave me a rush of sexual
excitement.  "If you hadn't asked me, I'd have asked you," I told her.

Her knowing smile was all the response I needed.




The Weekend
By Sardonicus

Part II

The six days I had to wait before my next "date" with Maggie Whistler were a
hazy eternity, interrupted only by a call from her at ten p.m., Tuesday.

"Bill?"

"Yes?"

"This is Maggie."  Her voice sounded husky, almost out of breath.

"Yes, Maggie.  What's on your mind?"

"You are, my love.  I'm thinking of all the things I'm going to do to you on
Saturday.  You're going to keep our date, aren't you?"

"Of course I am.  I've thought of little else since Sunday.  I've missed seeing
you around the office yesterday and today.  You usually stop by several times a
day."

"I've had a lot on my mind.  I've also had a little shopping to do.  You may not
like some of the things I've bought," she giggled, softly.  "I want to be very
certain you know what you're letting yourself in for by coming to see me this
coming Saturday.  Last Sunday was only a hint.  I couldn't really express myself
with those other girls present.  If you come to me on Saturday, I'll be very
cruel to you; probably a great deal crueler than you can imagine.  I just want
you to be sure."

"I only know that what happened to me Sunday was very exciting.  I don't know
why I responded to your tortures the way I did, but the fact is, I did, and I
want to know more.  I also know that I was hardly aware of the presence of the
other girls most of the time.  You fascinate me, Maggie.  I really want to be
with you."

"Wonderful.  Don't come all the way in to the clearing though.  Park your car
where you did Sunday and wait for me there.  I need you to help me carry a few
things.  Make it 11:00 a.m., sharp, OK?"

"I'll be there.  Any special dress code this time?"

She chuckled at that.  "No.  Whatever you are wearing will be gone before I
start on you.  You can count on that.  Wear whatever you feel comfortable in. 
There's one thing, though..."

"What's that?" I asked.

"Have you had any sex since Sunday?"

"What?"

"You understood the question, answer it," she said, sharply.

"Well...not really," I replied.

"What does that mean?"

"I can't believe I'm telling you this," I said.  I masturbated last night,
before I went to bed."

"Were you thinking of me?" she wanted to know.
"Yes, damn it.  I was fantasizing about you and what you might do to me on
Saturday."

"Was it good?"  Her voice was really husky, now.

"It was wonderful, but very scary," I responded.

"That's good.  Let's keep it that way," she said.  "Between now and when I see
you, on Saturday, you are not to have any sex, of any kind, not even
masturbation.  Is that clear?"

"Yes, of course," I said, "but why not?"

"I want you as horny as I can get you," she returned.  "I want that lovely cock
of yours deep inside me on Saturday and I don't want you too worn out to do me
any good."

"If you're promising me that we'll have sex on Saturday, I guarantee I'll be
ready to perform.  I've thought of little else for the last 48 hours!"

"You heard what I said!"  Maggie was sounding very excited at this point.  "I
definitely will have your cock inside me on Saturday.  I only wish I had thought
to tell you to abstain from sex two days ago.  I want you desperate for the
release that only I can give you!"

"Maggie, of course I'll do as you wish.  It won't be easy for me, though.  Right
now I've got an erection I could cut diamonds with, just from having this
conversation with you."

"Don't lose the thought," she said with a giggle.  "Just bring that hard-on to
me on Saturday and it will be dealt with properly."

"I'll be there at eleven." I said.

"I'll be waiting," was her reply, before she hung up.

After that phone conversation, I had a very difficult time getting to sleep.  I
kept having fantasies about Maggie Whistler riding my engorged cock, while both
of us came, and came.  At that time the fact that Maggie surely intended to
inflict some fairly intense pain upon some very sensitive parts of my body,
prior to my fantasized conclusion, was not a consideration.  I could think only
of her slim, athletic body and her flashing green eyes, as my hard cock plunged
deeper and deeper into her soft depths.  Finally though, I slept and, somehow,
got through the rest of the week.


* * *



Saturday Morning I woke earlier than usual and had a very difficult time finding
things to do to occupy the time until my assignation with the lovely Maggie.  At
first, I worried about someone discovering us in the forest on her father's
estate, then reassured myself that, with her father (my boss) out of town, and
the way the large estate was posted to prevent trespassing, we would be sure of
our privacy.  I took a shower just before it was time for me to go, wanting to
be squeaky-clean for the amazing Maggie's attentions, whatever they might be. 
Finally, the weather being as warm and humid as was typical of Georgia that time
of year, I dressed in my running shorts and shoes and drove to meet Maggie

Her little roadster was already there when I pulled up.  She got out and walked
toward me as I parked my car.  She wore red nylon shorts, a yellow halter and
leather sandals.  She looked ravishing!  Her slim legs were tanned beautifully
and the soft leather sandals she had selected nicely revealed her perfect feet. 
She had even painted her toenails the same shade of orange as the thong she had
worn last weekend.  It occurred to me that she reminded me a great deal of an
actress named Courtney Cox, whom I had seen in a couple of films and on a
television comedy series, and admired very much, indeed.  Maggie's hair was
longer and her eye much greener but, otherwise, there was quite a resemblance.

She came right up to me, threw her arms around my neck, and kissed me lightly,
but passionately.  "Hello, Bill.  I'm so happy that you have decided to submit
to me today.  I'll make sure you don't regret it.  You'll see."

Her voice was as calm as her lips were soft.  At that moment, she could have
done anything to me that she wanted and I'd never have protested for a moment. 
I knew I was hers.  I only hoped that what she wanted to do to me would turn me
on as much as last weekend's activities.  She was definitely the woman of my
dreams.  I only hoped that I was also the man of hers!

After we kissed, she went to her car and pulled out a large tote bag.  "Carry
this, lover," she said.  I want to get you into the forest!"  Her words were
accompanied with a savage pinch to my left nipple.  I felt my erection begin and
hoped I would be able to handle everything my lovely lady had planned for me. 
She started toward the clearing without glancing backward, knowing I would
follow closely.

The tote bag was fairly heavy.  I resisted the impulse to look inside as we
walked, preferring to watch her firm buttocks as they peeked from beneath her
shorts.  She knew where my eyes were, and said as much.  "Enjoy yourself while
you can.  You'll be at my mercy soon enough."

Though I was excited, her words had a somewhat chilling effect.  I had, after
all, experienced some very exquisite pain at her hands, only six days ago, and
she had promised to be even more "creative" without her girlfriends around to
inhibit her!

We arrived at the clearing soon enough.  It was unchanged from the last time I
was there, though it seemed less ominous because only the two of us were
present.

"Okay," she said.  "Drop the tote bag and get yourself naked!"

I did as she asked.  There was no need for pretense, now.  I was anxious to
discover what she intended for me.  All I had to remove was my shorts and shoes,
which I quickly disposed of, leaving myself naked.  She reached into the tote
bag, pulled out a pair of stainless steel handcuffs, and snapped them on my
wrists, in front of me.

"Okay, now put your hands behind your neck and spread your legs apart."

I did as asked, clasping my cuffed hands at the back of my neck and spreading my
legs about three feet apart.

"Very nice," she said, circling me.  Her soft hands went to all of the sensitive
places on my naked body, teasing and exciting at the same time.  When she stood
behind me and ran her index finger between my buttocks, my cock reacted
instantly, amusing her a great deal.

"This is going to be a lot of fun," she whispered.  "Before we're done, here,
you'll be begging me for an orgasm."

"I'll beg you for an orgasm now, if that'll do any good!  I want to make love to
you so much it hurts!"

"Ah, lover, it'll hurt a lot more before I'm done with you. Let me get you
strung up, here, then we'll talk a bit about what's really happening between
us."

At that, she dug into the tote bag and came up with what looked like about 50
feet of slim, nylon clothesline.  She doubled it, made a loop in the center and
placed it around my waist, pulling the loose ends through the loop at my navel.

"You will probably recall this from last weekend.  I just love this tie!  We
call it the 'crotch-cutter' for obvious reasons.  When we do it to a girl, we
don't double the rope like this.  Believe me, a single rope like this cutting
into the center of a soft pussy is excruciatingly painful. I've had it done to
me!  You're actually getting off easy, believe it or not.  Even with the 'minor'
addition I'm going to make to last weekend's tie."

She pulled t he line tight around my waist then took the two ends between my
legs, on end on each side of my genitals.  They came back together behind my
balls and were pulled snugly up into the crease of my buttocks.  She pulled them
through the loop at the small of my back, threaded the ends under the handcuffs
at the back of my neck, and then threw the ends over the same tree branch as
last weekend, about eight feet above the forest floor.  She pulled tightly on
the loose ends, until I was forced up onto my toes, my weight supported only by
the thin nylon clothesline between my legs.  When she tied off the other end of
the line around a handy tree trunk, I was completely helpless.  My hands were
held up, behind my head, by the handcuffs and the line passing through them.  I
had been tied in the same fashion the previous weekend and it had been no more
pleasant then.  The thin nylon rope cut brutally into my groin, putting pressure
on my cock and balls.  I tried to grip the rope above my head to relieve some of
the pressure, but the positioning of the cuffs, just as they had the previous
weekend, prevented my efforts from having any significant effect.  I resigned
myself to the discomfort and waited to see what Maggie intended to add to the
tie, my hard cock bobbing in front of me, like a wand.

She had been out of my view for a moment and, when she stepped back in front of
me, she was naked but for the same soft orange thong she had worn last Saturday. 
"You like me like this, don't you?" she asked.

"You know I do," I replied.  The impact of the perfection of her firm, young
body was visceral.  You have an exquisite body.  The thought of making love to
you has preoccupied me all week.  Your father would probably be pretty unhappy
if he knew how ineffective I've been this week because of my fantasies about
you."

She stood in front of me, idly stroking my penis with her right hand.  "I'm
really glad you like my body," she said.  "Personally, I think my breasts are a
bit on the small side."

"They're perfect!" I responded, "and you have the finest ass on the face of the
planet!"

Her response, in addition to a tight smile, was to deliver a stinging smack to
the head of my cock, which bobbed helplessly in front of me.  "Naughty, but
nice!  Thoughts like that have earned you a bit of discomfort," she mocked. 
"Let's see what I have in here for you."  She bent over the tote bag and
rummaged inside, presenting her perfect buttocks for my appreciation.

"I told you I had a chance to so some shopping this week, " she said, bringing a
couple of ominous items from the bag.  "I found this wonderful little boutique
that specializes in toys for the kind of games I like to play.  The clerk was a
very handsome young man who made no secret of the fact that he was gay.  When I
told him that I had a young man that I wanted to tie up and torture, he was able
to come up with a lot of suggestions.  I think he was getting off on thinking
about me using these things on you.  I like this first suggestion of his a great
deal, because it's going to help keep your cock hard and provide some discomfort
at the same time.  He just called it a studded cock and ball strap.  What do you
think of it?"

It was made of leather and looked like two little belts that were connected,
parallel to each other.  It was lined on the inside with what appeared to be
sharp little nail points, about a quarter-inch in length.  She placed the longer
of the little belts carefully around my genitals.  It snapped in place, very
snugly, around the base of my cock and balls, separating them from my body
tightly.  The sharp points dug painfully into my tender flesh.  The shorter of
the belts was then snapped around my scrotum, further separating my balls from
my cock.  It was very tight, with the sharp points digging mercilessly into my
scrotum.  My testicles were squeezed tightly into the end of their sac, looking
like some kind of rapidly purpling mushroom.  Maggie held my balls up by the
strap around them and tormented them for a few moments, first smacking them
sharply, then scouring them with her sharp fingernails.  When she squeezed the
strap, the sharp points inside really began to make an impression!

"Pretty nifty, huh?"  She was obviously enjoying herself.  "But," she continued,
"as they say in the circus, you ain't seen nothin' yet!"

She held up the other device for me to examine.  It looked like a leather cone,
with three short little chains dangling from it.  The chains met at a sturdy
metal ring, about three inches below the cone.  The inside of the cone was lined
with very sharp looking stainless steel studs, each over a quarter-inch long.  I
was afraid I knew where this sinister cone was going.

"This," she said with amusement, "is called a spiked parachute.  I unsnap it
here on the side and it goes over your balls, with this little ring hanging
underneath.  Then, once I have your balls trapped inside, I snap it back
together, like so..." She proceeded to attach it as she spoke.  The spikes were
as sharp as they looked.  The angle of the leather cone caused them to dig
savagely into my testicles.   With my balls trapped so tightly in the end of my
scrotum, they felt as if they were piercing my flesh.

"The clerk assured me that the fact these spikes get wider at the base will keep
them from doing any real damage to your balls.  We might get some mild surface
bleeding, but nothing to worry about.  He said they really feel like they are
going right through because of their sharpness.  How do they feel?"

"Maggie, this is scary.  It feels like the slightest tug on that little ring
would pull the spikes right through my balls.  Please be careful!"

"He said you'd probably say something like that.  He's had it used on him, so he
knows how it feels.  How does it feel to you?"  She gave a sharp little tug on
the ring.

"Owww!  That really hurts!  Please be careful!"

"Hmmm.  How about this?"   She pressed the palm of her hand against my balls, at
the bottom of the cone, forcing them up into the cone and into sharper contact
with the spikes.

"Maggie, please!  Those things are sharp and that's very tender flesh you're
playing with."  I was really beginning to fear I might suffer some permanent
damage.

"Stop blubbering," she responded.  "I know what I'm doing.  I'm just playing
with your head a little bit."   She gave my cock a few soft strokes.  "Looks
like a little pain to your balls hasn't affected the strength of your erection. 
I guess what I need to do now is find some way to make that pain kind of
constant...maybe if I hang something heavy from this little ring..."

She was rummaging in the tote bag again.  I resigned myself to the fact that she
was going to do whatever she wished to me, so I'd just as well make the best of
it.  Between the spikes digging into my balls and the thin ropes digging into my
crotch, I was beginning to feel somewhat overwhelmed.  Maggie, however, appeared
to be having the time of her life.

She crossed the clearing, then returned holding a piece of board in her hands. 
She placed it at my feet.  Upon closer examination, I realized it was a,
roughly, thirty-inch section of two-by-four that had three sturdy-looking screw
eyes on it, one at each end and one in the center.  Taking short pieces of thing
rope from the tote bag, she proceeded to spread my legs apart by tying my big
toes to opposite ends of the board with expertly tied loops.  Having my legs
spread apart like that forced even more of my weight onto the ropes cutting into
my crotch.  I was only able to rest a bit of my weight on the tips of my tightly
tied toes.  For a moment, I almost forgot the sinister cone around my balls.

"I just need one more thing," Maggie said, looking in the tote bag once more. 
"Ah, here we are."  She brought out a short piece of rope with sturdy metal
hooks at each end.  She took one of the hooks and snapped it onto the ring
suspended from my balls.  The other hook hung about six inches above the board
at my feet, with its inviting screw eye in the center.  Too late, I understood
what was about to happen.

"Hmmm.  The rope won't reach."  She seemed genuinely concerned.  "Maybe I'll
have to help it out."  She quickly knelt at my feet and took hold of the board. 
Before I could protest, she sifted it up and snapped the dangling hook into the
screw eye in the center of the board.  "That's the ticket," she grinned.  "Let's
see how you manage this situation."

I was in a terrible dilemma!  If I kept my feet off the ground, to prevent the
board between them from pulling the sharp spikes into my balls, my entire body
weight was resting on the thin ropes cutting into my crotch.  I had to give her
credit for a pretty clever concept.  No matter what I did, I would be torturing
myself, with no effort on her part, whatsoever.  I resigned myself to the pain
in my crotch because I was sure that lowering my feet to the ground would cause
my balls to be badly damaged.  I still hadn't lost my erection, a fact that
Maggie was delighted to point out.

"You must be enjoying this.  Your cock is as hard as a rock."  She scraped her
sharp fingernails down the length of my cock then dug them cruelly into its
swollen head.  "What's this?" she exclaimed, "there's even a drop of pre-cum
oozing out.  You really are a naughty boy!  Maybe a little stimulation for your
nipples will calm you down."

She rummaged again in the tote sack and came up with a tube of what looked like
some kind of ointment.  "Just a little K-Y Jelly," she explained.  We need a
little lubrication on those perky little nips of yours."

She squeezed a generous amount of the lubricant onto her hands, then completely
covered my nipples with it.  It felt good, but I knew that wouldn't last. 
"Can't have any surface friction to slow these down, can we?" she said.

"These" turned out to be a pair of black plastic scalp massagers, the type you
see in gas stations, car washes, and barber shops for fifty-nine cents, just
flat pieces of hard plastic with hundreds of sharp little plastic nubs sticking
out.  She walked behind me, reached her hands around my chest, and began rubbing
the sharp little nubs across my nipples, gently but persistently, with a
circular motion.  It was just a little painful, at first, but as she continued
to glide the sharp points across my lubricated nipples, I began to experience a
burning sensation that got worse by the moment.

"Owww!  Maggie, please stop.  My nipples feel like they're being burned off!"

"Kinda neat, huh?" she responded, continuing to torment my nipples as she spoke. 
"This was also my little gay friend's idea.  He said it not only hurts like
crazy, but it will make your nipples very sensitive to the little clips I'm
going to be putting on them in just a few more minutes."

"Please, Maggie.  I'm not sure I can take much more of this!"

"What a silly thing for you to say," she giggled, pressing her soft breasts into
the small of my back as she continued her relentless, painful massage of my
nipples.  "As long as I've got you tied up like this, you'll take as much of
anything as I care to provide.  Your saying you can't take much more is just an
opinion, nothing more.  It's not even a very good one, if the hardness of your
cock is any indication.  Anyway, I think we're about ready to put the clips on." 
Mercifully, she ceased my torment, putting down the plastic torture tools and
coming up with the promised nipple clips.  She showed them to me with a smile. 
They were a pair of small, silver colored clips, with very sharp-looking teeth
across their gripping edge.   A sturdy silver chain, about a foot long connected
them.

"My friend from the store said that these are very painful clips, particularly
after a good 'tenderizing' like your nipples have just had.  He said to be sure
to put them out near the tips of the nipples for the best effect.  Your nipples
are just perfect for this, like little pencil erasers."

She fastened them to both of my nipples, simultaneously releasing them quickly
to allow the teeth to bite into the soft flesh.  They were brutally painful!  I
felt as though both my nipples were being burned with hot coals and said as
much, quite loudly.

"Yes," she agreed, watching my eyes as I struggled to deal with the pain, "they
do burn.  I tried them on myself the other day, so I would know just what you
are experiencing.  We just need one more little thing for you and then we'll be
ready to have a little talk."  Her voice as so soft and coquettish it was
difficult for me to relate it to the imaginative sadism she was enthusiastically
demonstrating.

She dug into the tote bag, once more, and came up with about a three-foot length
of very thin cord.  She doubled it, made a loop in the center, and then
carefully placed the loop around my penis, pulling it snugly into the groove
just behind its engorged crown.  She pulled the loose ends of the rope over the
chain connecting my nipple clips and drew sharply upward until my cock was held,
nearly flat against my belly, pointing toward my navel, its sensitive underside
exposed to her view.  She tied the thin cord snugly, pulling painfully on the
chain between the clips, forcing my brutalized nipples to hold my cock up in
that helpless position.  I was breathing very hard, by now, because I was in a
good deal of discomfort.  Pulling my cock up towards my nipples had caused the
spikes digging into my balls to cause pain that I was unable to relieve by
raising my feet.  She tugged on the cord, making sure it was secure in my
cock-head's groove and causing my nipples to feel even more pain.  Next, she
scoured one of her fingernails lightly over and around my cock's head, still
watching my eyes.

"This little groove around your cock is just perfect, huh?  It's almost like it
was designed so your cock could be tightly tied with no danger of slippage," She
mused.  "I think it's kind of nice to have your nipples do the work of holding
your cock up for me to admire, and play with."  I wanted to protest about the
intense pain I was suffering but realized how futile it would be, with a
rock-hard cock proudly declaring my level of sexual excitement.

She dug into the tote bag and came up with a slim, sinister-looking riding crop. 
"This is too light to do any real damage," she explained, "but it stings
terribly."  She demonstrated that fact with two sharp cuts across my buttocks. 
The sudden pain made me jump in my bonds, the movement causing the thin ropes
between my legs to dig cruelly into my crotch, and making me appreciate every
aspect of my situation.  "I guess we're ready to have that little talk, now,"
she said with a wry smile.

She stood in front of my helpless figure, a slim, girlish-looking brunette,
wearing only an orange thong.  She was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.  Her
small, perfect breasts gleamed from the sheen of light perspiration that covered
them.  Her face was slightly flushed from the excitement of tormenting me.

She trailed the crop lightly up and down the insides of my legs, tapping my toes
that were struggling to keep the weight of the board between them from pulling
the spikes into my trapped balls.  As she began to speak, she trailed the rough
surface of the crop up and down my cock, which was still as hard as ever.

"I've strung you up like this for a reason," she began.  "I needed to know, for
certain, that you could take my kind of pain and remain sexually stimulated.  I
also needed to demonstrate that fact to you, if it were true, which it clearly
is."  She tapped my cock lightly with the crop, to reinforce her point.  "You're
exactly what I've been looking for, for a long time.  You're handsome,
intelligent, articulate and," grinning now," very well hung.  You're also
incredibly turned on by having your body played with by someone like me.  You
obviously find me attractive and you certainly can't deny your sexual
excitement.  The amount of pain and discomfort you are experiencing, right now,
should reduce anyone to tears and cries for mercy.  You're so turned on right
now, however, the pain and pleasure are overwhelming, aren't they?"   She
stepped behind me and slashed my ass with the crop savagely.  Six rapid, burning
cuts that did bring the hint of a tear to my eye.

"You're all mine, Bill.   I'm going to tease and torture you without mercy,
today.  Before we leave here, I'm going to fuck your brains out!  You'll come so
hard you'll think the top of your head is being blown off!"

"Promises, promises!"  I couldn't resist the smart-aleck reply, which earned me
a cut of the crop right across my helpless cock.  "Ahhh!  OK!  OK!  I'm all
yours, Maggie!  But, if you want any good fucking out of me today, you'd best
get me down from here, soon.  That damn rope in my crotch feels like it's
cutting me in half!"
"OK, lover, but first, just a few more little love-taps."  She walked out of my
view again and gave me twenty very hard cuts of the crop across my tender ass. 
"That's just something to warm you while I go about getting you down from this
rig."

She took her time freeing me but at least she unhooked the cord between the
spiked cone on my balls and the board first.  She saved the nipple clips for
last, delighting in my wince as she removed them.  She eased the ropes from
between my legs and allowed me to sit on one of the picnic table seats while she
fussed inside the tote bag again.

"I see your erection is starting to subside," she commented.  "I'll have to do
something about that."

"Is it time for you to fuck my brains out?" I asked, hopefully.

"Not just yet, sweetie.  When you've rested a bit I want you to stretch out on
the top of that table, on your back.  I've got a special place between my legs
that needs some major attention from your tongue before you get any fucking
today."

"You don't have to tie me up to get me to do that!"

"I'll be the judge of that," she responded.  "I may want to stimulate your
performance in some creative way that you would almost certainly resist, if you
weren't tied down.  Now get up there, lover."

She knew I had to obey, and I did.  I walked across the clearing to the sturdy
picnic table, which she had considerately covered with a blanket, climbed up and
stretched out, on my back.

Come on, love," she chided, "hands and feet stretched out to the four corners. 
You know the drill."

I did as she requested and she quickly went about the business of securing me. 
She produced strong canvas restraints, with Velcro closures.  She placed them
snugly on my wrists and ankles then secured their canvas leads to heavy nails
driven into the sides of the tabletop.  I was stretched very tightly, my feet
extending slightly beyond the table, my body capable of only slight movement.

Maggie stood next to my head and trailed her right hand idly over my chest and
belly.  "I hope you like these restraints.  They are much better than plain old
rope.  They'll hold you inescapably and you can struggle all you want or need to
and they won't cut off your circulation.  See how thoughtful I am?  You really
do look very anxious to satisfy me.  You're such a pushover!  Your cock is
already hard as a rock and I haven't even started on you.  What an imagination
you must have!"  She giggled at that, then gave my cock a couple of quick,
smooth strokes to emphasize her point.  Pleased with my body's response to that,
she leaned over the table and placed the head of my cock between her soft lips. 
For a brief moment, I felt incredible pleasure, but then she withdrew her lops
and abraded my cock head with her sharp teeth, causing me to gasp in surprise.

"You're going to gently lick my pussy and nibble on my clit until I can't stand
it any more...at least until I reach a well overdue orgasm," she smiled, softly,
releasing my cock head.  "Then, and only then, will I place this delightful cock
of yours inside me and ride you to our mutual pleasure.  It will be wonderful, I
promise you, but there will also have to be a little bit of pain for you, in the
bargain."

"Somehow that doesn't surprise me," I quipped.  "I want you so badly, now, that
you can do your worst.  Nothing could mar the pleasure I'm going to have in
coming inside of you."

"I hope you're right, sweetie."  Her mischievous smile was still present, but
her tone was a teeny bit ominous.  "I'm certain I'll enjoy it, at least.  Now,
let's get you ready and get started, shall we?  I need to prepare the means to
stimulate your performance."

With that she retrieved the clips she had used on me earlier and placed them
back on the tips of my sore and tenderized nipples.  I released a soft sigh as
the pain took over once more.  She was far from done, unfortunately, and was
actually humming to herself as she dug into the tote bag again.  She produced
another length of thin rope, doubled it, and then made a small loop at the
center.

"Guess where this is going," she said, reaching for my testicles as she spoke.

She placed the loop over my balls, separating them from my cock, then pulled the
loop tight, making my testicles a firm mass.  Then she pulled the loose ends of
the rope back through the loop, going between my balls and separating them from
each other.  While I was unable to see them, Maggie told me that they looked
like a pair of flesh-colored eggs to her.

"Here's where this gets cute," she giggled.  "Watch what happens when I tie the
other ends of this rope to your toes."

She promptly did just that, stretching my ball sac very tightly as she looped
the ends of the rope around each of my big toes.  My balls felt as if they were
going to be pulled off!  The ends of the rope were like two taut guitar strings
between my toes and balls.  I bent my toes back toward me as far as I could,
trying to ease the strain somewhat.  Noticing that I could gain some relief,
Maggie calmly pulled the cords about my toes even tighter, and retied them. 
When she had finished, she strummed the two cords with her fingers, emphasizing
my dilemma.

"How's that feel?  Pretty snug, huh?  Don't worry," she smiled brightly, giving
my balls a sharp smack with her open hand, "we're just about done here.  Just a
couple more little things..."

"God, Maggie!  Isn't this enough?  My nipples feel like they're on fire and my
balls are already starting to ache!  Please, just let me give you the pleasure
you want!"

"Look who's trying to give orders here!" she exclaimed.  "As I told you earlier,
once I've got you tied up, I, and only I, decide what happens to you.  If you
don't trust me, you'd better not surrender to my bondage!"

I fell silent, not wanting to anger her.

She took my silence for concurrence and produced another length of thin cord. 
"Gotta make sure that cock of yours stays where I want it," she advised,
doubling the cord and looping it around my erection.  This time she didn't pull
it tightly into the groove behind the head, instead she placed it about an inch
behind the head and pulled it so tight it felt like she was pinching my skin.  I
feared the next step and was right to do so.  She pulled the loose ends of the
cord around the chain between my nipple clips and secured it snugly.  Having my
balls pulled toward my toes and my cock pulled toward my agonized nipples was an
incredible sensation.

In spite of all the pain, however, my cock was still hard as a rock, a fact that
Maggie noted with some amusement.  "Poor baby, all that pain and you're still
turned on.  You and I are gonna have a LOT of fun."  She was scraping her sharp
fingernails on my sensitive cock head as she spoke.  "Just one more teensy
little thing and we can get started.  My pussy is starting to get wet with
anticipation, already."

The "teensy little thing" turned out to be the worst of all.  She rummaged in
the tote bag and produced a short length of thin cord on which had been strung
ten miniature plastic clothespins, each about an inch in length.  They were
strung at close intervals, at one end of the cord, leaving a foot or so of its
length free.

"What's that thing that dentists are always saying?"   Maggie was obviously
enjoying herself now.  "Oh, yeah.  You may feel just a little pinch, now."  She
giggled again, delighted with her joke, and then placed the first of the little
clothespins on the ridge of my cock's crown.  I gasped aloud!  The pain was
intense!

"They do smart a bit, don't they?"  She placed the second one near the first and
got another yowl from me.  "It's because they're so small," she explained,
continuing to place the pins neatly around my cock crown's ridge.  "All that
pressure is focused on a really tiny place where the little jaws come together. 
They look pretty harmless but can be truly excruciating, especially when they
are placed in such a sensitive spot as this."  She positioned the last of the
ten clothespins and stepped back to admire her efforts.  I was breathing very
hard, trying to deal with the outrage to the most sensitive flesh on my body.

"Please, Maggie!  Please take them off!  Each one of them feels like a hot
needle sticking through me!  I don't think I can take this!"

"I might believe you, Bill, if your cock was getting soft, but it's as hard as
ever.  Too bad for you!  I promise I'll take them off just as soon as you get me
off.  Get the picture?  A word of warning, though.  I can take them off gently,
one at a time, or I can just grab this cord they're attached to and rip them
off, all at once.  If I'm satisfied with your efforts and think you've given me
your best, I'll take them off as gently as I can.  If not...well, I think you
get the picture."

The thought of those nasty little clothespins being ripped from my cock head was
terrifying!  I was sure each of them would take a bit of flesh away with it,
should they come off that way!  I determined that Maggie would get the best oral
workout that her pussy and clit had ever received.  Anything to prevent that
awful pin removal!

I had lost sight of Maggie for a moment but, when she stepped back into view,
she had removed the thong and was completely naked.  She had also picked up that
nasty little riding crop she had used on me earlier, and was now standing by my
feet.

"Just a little warm-up," she smiled, and began to lash the soles of my feet,
very hard, with the crop.  "The feet are very sensitive," she informed me, as
though she needed to.  "This is a very common torture in the Middle East.  I
understand they used to punish harem girls this way because it hurt terribly,
but didn't mark their bodies of keep them from providing the services they were
prized for.  Just because their feet were to sore and swollen to walk, didn't
mean they couldn't perform in the prone position."

It was very painful and, as I'm sure she had anticipated, with each cut of the
crop to one of my feet, my toes reflexively tried to curl forward, adding to the
strain on my aching balls.

I was just about to tell her that I couldn't take any more, when Maggie dropped
the crop and climbed up onto the table.  She knelt over me, her legs on either
side of my chest, facing my cock.

She slowly lowered her pussy back toward my eager mouth and allowed me to begin
my task.  She was already very wet.  It was kind of scary to realize how much
sexual pleasure she got out of torturing me. She wasn't content to just ride my
tongue, either.  While I laved away around her clitoris and soft vaginal lips,
she amused herself by flicking the little clothespins with her fingers,
strumming on the rope connecting my balls to my toes, and pulling on my cock to
cause more pain for my brutalized nipples.  It seemed as though she wished to
distract me, to draw this out for as long as possible, but I was determined to
get her off as quickly as I could.  I managed to get a grip on the base of her
erect clitoris with my teeth, then held it tightly while I worked my tongue
furiously over it.  I knew I had her then!  She started to moan and began to
move her body in a timeless rhythm that could not be mistaken.  She forgot all
of her little torments and alternately sagged and surged in her pleasure as she
came.  Finally, she lay still, her breathing slowly returning to normal.

"Wow!" she exclaimed.  "That was absolutely incredible!  What a find you are!  I
didn't think anyone or thing could ever get me off that strongly or that
quickly.  I'm halfway tempted to make you do it again.  I'm sure the second time
would take a lot longer and I could do a few more mean little things to you but,
a deal's a deal."  I'm sure that my own relief was obvious at this point.

She rolled off me and began to remove the awful little clothespins, gently, as
promised, but they still seemed to hurt more, for a few moments, after each was
removed.  I said as much to Maggie and she said that was the circulation
returning to that tiny little area that had been pinched so tightly by the jaws
of the pin.  It was a great relief when they were all off, and she removed the
rope from my cock that was connecting it to the clips on my nipples.  Once that
was done, she began to gently stroke my cock.  My erection had subsided a bit,
in the aftermath of her orgasm, and in reaction to the pain of the clothespin
removal project, but her stroking quickly restored it to full form.

"I guess it's finally time for you to get what you've been looking forward to,"
she said.  "Let me just get a couple of things."  She climbed off the table and
headed for the tote bag, again.

"Aren't you going to untie me?" I asked, knowing what the answer would be.

"Don't be silly, Bill.  I said you'd get to fuck me, and you will, but I still
have to be in control.  I expect you'd want to remove those nipple clips and
that rope stretching your balls and toes, as well, wouldn't you?"   My nod was
acknowledged.  She was back from the tote bag with new materials.  "We've got to
practice safe sex, of course," she said, "so we need this condom."  She held up
a condom where I could see it.  "Of course, this condom is lubricated on the
outside, but we need to lubricate the inside, as well, don't we?  This ought to
do the trick."

"This" was a jar of Mentholatum Deep Heating Lotion.  She produced a pair of
disposable kitchen gloves and placed them on her hands.  She then poured a
generous amount of the thick white lotion onto the gloves and began, to my
horror, rubbing it onto my cock!  It actually felt pretty good, at first.  She
made sure not to get it more than four inches down my shaft, and covered the
sensitive head thoroughly.  She then pulled out a Q-Tip and dipped it into the
bottle of lotion.  Before I could protest, she slid the Q-Tip into my pee hole
and pushed it smoothly down inside my cock.  I had never been catheterized, at
that point in my life, so the sensation was very strange.  Smiling at my
expression, the pumped the Q-Tip up and down inside my shaft, to make sure the
noxious lotion coated the entire path.

"That should do it," she said, removing the Q-Tip and discarding the gloves. 
"Now, let's just get this rubber on you, shall we?"  She carefully placed the
condom on my cock, rolling it all the way to its base.  "We don't want any of
that nasty lotion to get inside of me, do we?"

The "nasty lotion" was beginning to do its thing.  My cock was starting to burn,
painfully, and my urethra felt as though it was full of acid!  Maggie climbed
back up on the table and straddled me, facing me this time.  She took my
condom-covered cock in her hand and slowly fed it into her pussy.  I was in
heaven and hell at the same time!  She sighed deeply as my fierce erection
settled deep inside her.

"The condom will keep the Mentholatum from getting on me," she explained, "and
the friction I'm going to create by riding your cock will make the lotion burn
even hotter for you.  Pretty clever, huh?  Oh, and when you come, all that
lotion down inside your cock should make you feel like you're coming liquid
fire.  It's going to hurt a lot, Bill, but you know you can't keep yourself from
coming.  Here we go, my love."

She began to ride my erection smoothly, and she was right.  My cock felt as
though it had been soaked in gasoline and set afire!  The heat our bodies were
generating was implacably turning up the heat on the Mentholatum, but I couldn't
resist the soft surges of Maggie's lovely body.  Her breasts dangled above me
and I cursed the bonds that prevented me from stroking them.  To urge me on, she
took hold of the chain connecting my nipple clips and pulled on it as though it
was a set of reins.  I could tell she was coming again and could feel myself
approaching the edge of my own orgasm.  She was already bucking with her own
orgasm, when mine hit.  I came with as much force as I could ever remember and,
it was just as she promised.  Each orgasmic surge caused a sharp pain deep
inside my urethra as my sperm fought its way up the ravaged inside of my shaft. 
I surged and surged with the pain and pleasure this incredible woman was giving
me.  I knew I was hers for as long as she wanted me and that I would endure any
torments she designed, so long as I could experience this incredible cocktail of
pain and passion!

When our bodies had finally calmed down, Maggie gently removed the nipple clamps
and freed my balls from their tether.  She undid the Velcro restraints at my
wrists and ankles, allowing me the luxury of stretching my muscles for the first
time in over an hour.  I stood up and pulled her into my arms, both of us still
naked.

"Maggie, I've never experienced anything that even approaches what you do to me! 
I'm yours, and you know it.  Even though I know you'll tease and torture me
cruelly, I'd never be able to resist placing myself at your mercy.  You're like
a drug for me!"

"You're the same way to me, Bill.  I can't tell you how much it turns me on to
know that you are willing to let me play with your body in these ways.  I'd
never do anything that actually would cause you any real harm.  You know that. 
I just love being able to tease and torment you, forcing your body to react in
ways that only I can control.  It IS like a drug and I know I want more!"

"Any time, my love.  Just tell me where and when."

"Do you have any plans for tomorrow...Sunday?" she asked.

"Nope.  I'll be at your pleasure, and your mercy.  Do you want me to meet you
here?"

"No.  I think I'd like to try working on you out on my patio, at home," she
said.  "I've got lots of things around the house that I can use to make you wish
you had never agreed to surrender to me."

"I'm sure you will.  I'm scared of what you'll do to me, but I'm helpless to
resist. What time shall I arrive?"

"Make it about 10 a.m.  We can play a while, and then I'll prove to you I'm as
creative in the kitchen as in the torture chamber.  I'll fix you a meal to
remember and then, who knows, we might even get around to having ourselves some
very nice sex, in a real bed.  How does that sound?"

"Like paradise!  I am assuming your father won't be coming home."

"No, not until Wednesday, so the place will be ours.  There's just one little
condition, though."

"Anything for you, you know that," I said, wondering what she had in mind.

"You have to come to me naked," she said, huskily.

"Naked?  But..."

"The only butt I want is yours, and it had better be bare when you get here,
tomorrow.  Bring some clothes to put on later, but I want you to drive all the
way from your place to here without a stitch of clothing on.  No shoes, no
socks, not a stitch, understood?"  I could tell from her eyes that just the
thought of me driving to her, fearing constantly that someone would see my naked
condition, was turning her on.

"Your wish is my command, my dear.  Are there any other instructions?"

"Just drive straight up to the house at ten, tomorrow.  Get out of the car and
stand in front of the front door, with your back to the house.  Stand there
until I come for you, OK?"

I agreed and, our arrangements made, we proceeded to gather up all of her gear
and return it to the tote bag.  I noticed there were still more implements
inside the bag, but declined to examine them.  We then got dressed and walked
back to our cars.  We parted with a long kiss, followed by another reminder that
she expected me to travel across town naked for the next day's activities.

When I reached my place, I took a shower and carefully examined myself.  To my
pleasant surprise, aside from some still tender nipples, there were no residual
effects of the afternoon at Maggie's mercy.  I was already turned on by the
anticipation of what the next day would bring, but I resisted the strong urge to
masturbate, wanting to be at my very best for my lovely Maggie's attentions in
the morning.




The Weekend
By Sardonicus

Part III

The next morning, I actually slept longer than I usually would have, so I had to
actually rush about to get ready for my meeting with Maggie.

She had made a huge issue out of me driving to her house completely naked, but I
simply didn't see how I could do that.  My small sports car was so low to the
ground, that almost anyone who looked in would be able to tell I had no clothes
on.  The possible complications should someone report me to the police, or even
should a police officer be the one to discover my nudity, made me certain that I
couldn't risk this venturesome dare.  I determined that I would have to be
honest with Maggie, but I simply couldn't try it.  Accordingly, I dressed in my
customary attire for these meetings, running shorts and tennis shoes, and set
out for Maggie and whatever she had planned for me.

When I turned off the main road onto the driveway to the Whistler estate, I
realized I could at least arrive at the house naked.  I stopped the car at the
last turn before the main house and quickly stripped off my shorts and shoes,
throwing them onto the seat beside me, I started the car once more and drove up
to the house.  Once there, I did as requested and parked my car, stepped out,
and stood, naked, with my back to the front door, awaiting my lady's pleasure.

I stood there for about ten minutes, before I heard her soft chuckle behind me.

"Well, there you are, right on time, and naked as ordered," she said.

"Maggie, I have to confess.  I just couldn't risk driving all the way over here
without any clothes on.  The police or most anybody who cared to call in a
report could have seen me.  I couldn't go to jail over this, so I drove here in
my shorts and shoes then took them off just around the bend from your house. 
I'm sorry I didn't follow your instructions, but I hope you can understand."

"Well, to be honest," she replied pensively, " I really didn't expect you to
make the drive naked.  I thought you'd probably do just what you did, strip down
just out of sight of the house.  In fact, I was over there in the woods,
watching you do just that.  The fact that you were honest with me will save you
some punishment.  You still have to be punished, of course, but it won't be as
severe as it would have been had you tried to mislead me.  I was planning to
spank you 300 times with this," she held up a paint stirring stick, about twelve
inches long by two inches wide, "but now I guess I'll let you off with 200.  How
does that sound?"

The paint stirrer did not appear heavy enough to do me any real damage, no
matter how many times she hit me, so I quickly agreed to her proposal.  I've
just got to stop giving in without thinking things through!

She took me into the house, which I had previously visited, and right on through
to the covered patio off the dining room.

"Let's not waste any time in getting you ready for your little spanking," she
said.  She had a piece of heavy rope on a piece of patio furniture, retrieved
it, and tied my wrists together, securely in front of me.  Then, using a
two-step stool, which was handy, she climbed up and threaded the rope through a
sturdy hook that was affixed to a beam, near the edge of the patio.  Stepping
down from the tool, she tied the rope off around a supporting pillar for the
roof, leaving me standing comfortably, with my arms stretched above me toward
the beam, which was at least ten feet high.  Not content with that, of course,
she got two more lengths of the heavy rope, tied each one tightly about my
ankles and spread them apart, tying off the ropes to the support pillars, also. 
Now, I was completely helpless!  My arms were stretched above my head and my
feet were spread apart so that I was just barely able to maintain contact with
the patio floor with my toes.

"Now, then, we've just got to prepare the area in question," Maggie said.  With
which she went into the house and returned with a bowl of water, and what looked
like scissors, a safety razor and can of shaving cream.  She placed the stool in
front of me and sat down on it facing me, took up the scissors and began
trimming my pubic hair!

"Maggie, please!" I begged.  "You don't need to do this, do you?"

"Of course I do, Bill," she replied.  It's very important that the area to be
punished be hairless and shiny.  We wouldn't want any nasty old pubic hair
getting in the way of my little paddle, would we?"

I was confused, and confessed it.  "Well you said you were going to give me a
spanking.  What does my pubic hair have to do with that?"

"Oh, darling, you should have asked for some clarification on that.  No, I'm not
going to spank your ass, I'm going to give you a spanking to your balls."   She
had finished trimming with the scissors, and was now covering my genitals with a
thick layer of shaving cream.

"But, how will I explain this to the guys at the gym?"

"Don't worry.  I'll leave you a bit of hair above your cock, so you won't be
completely bald down there.  If anyone asks, just tell him it's a sex thing and
your girl friend likes it.  That won't be a lie, you know.  I do like it! 
You'll see."

She had finished lathering the area between my legs and was now about to begin
the actual shaving.  "Hold really still,  now," she giggled.  "We wouldn't want
any slips, here, would we?"

We definitely didn't!  I held as still as I could while she shaved me, carefully
cleaning away every speck of hair and leaving, as she had promised, a small
triangle of very short pubic hair, just above my penis.

"There, now," Maggie said.  You look ready for action!  I think it actually
makes your cock and balls look bigger.  What do you think?"

Though my view was limited in my bound position, I had to admit it didn't look
as bad as I had feared.

"Now, I did the job this time, but you are going to have the job of keeping it
shaved like this.  I don't want to see you with unshaven genitals, ever again. 
Are we in agreement?"

"If you say so," I said with no rancor.  It was obvious she did like it, so I
could certainly get used to it.

She returned the shaving gear to the house and when she returned she, too was
naked.  "Well, we've got to get you all ready for your little spanking," she
said, giving my freshly shaved cock a couple of strokes and looking pleased at
its response.

"Looks like part of you is definitely ready for some action," she was grinning. 
"How about the rest of you?  Are you ready to begin?"

"I don't believe the position you've tied me in leaves me much room for
argument," I replied.

"You look pretty good, all stretched out like that."  She was right in front of
me, squeezing my balls with one hand, while she stroked my cock with the other. 
"It simply never fails to amaze me that you allow me to tie you up like this,
even though you know I'm going to do some very cruel things to you.  I guess it
must have something to with the pleasure you get, along with the pain.  Your
orgasms must be pretty powerful, because they have an effect on you just like a
drug." 

"I only know that I'll endure anything from you just to get you to play with my
body," I heard myself saying.
"Well today is going to be a tough one for you," she said.  She took a firm grip
on my balls with her left hand and stretched them out and away from my body as
far as they would go.  "Yes, nature has provided the perfect place for torturing
a man with such a small device as a paint stirrer.  It should be interesting to
see if you can take 200 smacks on your balls and still manage to have an orgasm. 
I know you get turned on by a certain amount of pain, but this may be too much,
even for you.  What do you think, hmmm?"  She released my balls and waited with
an expectant grin for my response.

When it became obvious that I had nothing to say, she grinned again.  "Well, I
guess we'd better get the show on the road.  The first thing we need to do is
make sure this big boy doesn't get in the way."  She was lightly stroking my
cock as she said this.

She stepped behind me, to a small table, then returned to my front, holding a
pair of shiny little alligator clamps, connected by a thin steel chain some
twelve inches in length.  She started with my left nipple, teasing and pinching
it with her sharp fingernails until it stood erect.  "You have such nice little
nips," she said.  "They look just like pencil erasers and they're very
sensitive, aren't they?"  As she said this, she opened one of the clamps and
positioned it at the center of my left nipple's tip.  When she was satisfied
with its location, she released the jaws and let the sharp teeth of the clamp
close on me.

Breath whistled sharply between my teeth, followed by a murmured "Owww!"  It was
immediately obvious that these clamps were much more severe than the ones she
had used on me previously.

"These ARE fairly intense clamps," she said, with mock seriousness.  "But they
have to have a very firm grip, because they're going to be supporting a lot of
weight."  This was said with a grin and a quick hefting of my cock.  She went
through the same routine with my right nipple, getting another moan from me when
the sharp teeth bit home.  With both nipples clamped, she gave the chain
connecting them a couple of sharp tugs, seeming pleased with my pained reaction. 
"That ought to do the trick.  Now let's get your cock hooked up."

She stepped behind me again and returned with a three-foot length of rawhide. 
It looked like some sort of bootlace to me.  She gave my cock a few smooth
strokes, which made my erection seem harder than I would have thought possible,
particularly under the circumstances.  With me fully erect, she doubled the
leather cord at its midpoint and formed a loop at the closed end by passing the
loose ends through it.  The loop went over my cock, where she pulled it very
tight, about two inches behind its quickly purpling crown.  Then she took the
loose ends and passed them behind the chain connecting my nipples.  She pulled
them over the chain until she seemed satisfied that my cock was stretched
upright as far as possible, and that it was exerting a maximum amount of pull on
my nipples, which were now being painfully stretched by the nasty little clamps. 
She tied the loose ends off around the chain and seemed quite satisfied with the
results of her efforts.   She scored the sensitive head of my cock with a sharp
fingernail.  It caused me to jerk in my bonds, and created a nasty pull on the
nipple clamps.

"Now all we have to do is get your balls properly prepared for their spanking." 
She was grinning, but her tone was almost officious.  I now fully understood
that this was going to be a very tough session for me to endure.  I was afraid
to imagine what she was going to do to "prepare" my balls for their imminent
torture.

She left me there while she went into the garage and retrieved a sturdy aluminum
stepladder, setting it up right in front of me, with the step side facing away
from me, the whole thing about two feet from my front.
Satisfied with the ladder's position, she stepped behind me again and returned
with another length of rawhide, longer this time, and a plastic bucket.  She
doubled the leather cord, made a loop in the closed end, and, pulling my balls
down in my scrotum as far as she could, placed the loop over them and pulled it
snug.  It trapped my balls at the very bottom of my scrotum, making them very
tight, and very shiny.  She gave me a demonstration of their sensitivity by
pulling on the leather cord with one hand while raking them with the sharp
fingernails of the other.  "Pretty neat, huh?" she teased.  "There's even a
little line of separation between them.  Kinda makes 'em look like a little pair
of buttocks, huh?  Very appropriate for a spanking, don'cha think?"  She
expected no answer and I gave none.

She took the end of the cord, pulled it over one of the round ladder rungs which
was about three feet from the ground, then tied it to the handle of the plastic
pail, which she let swing free at the end of the leather cord.  The pail was now
suspended, underneath the stepladder, about two and a half feet from the patio
deck, pulling my balls straight out in front of me.  My worst fears were
realized when she retrieved a coiled garden hose from the corner of the patio,
turned on the water, and began filling the pail.  She said nothing, apparently
preferring to concentrate on the pail, which filled rapidly, getting heavier by
the second.  The pull on my balls was getting very bad.  The pail looked as if
it held about two gallons of water and she seemed intent on filling it.  I
wasn't sure I could take that much weight (about twelve pounds) without
suffering some damage.  Mercifully, she stopped when the pail was about
two-thirds full, and returned the hose to its storage place.  The eight pounds
of weight pulling on my balls felt very heavy.  This was definitely going to be
bad!

"Well, it looks like everything's in its proper place," she said cheerily,
retrieving the paint stirrer from the table behind me.  "Let me just make sure
that all is secure."  Using the stirrer, which was hardwood, about twelve inches
long by two inches wide, and about an eighth of inch thick, she lifted up and
then released the cord from my balls to the ladder, which was being held very
tautly by the pail of water.  She lifted it about three inches and, when she
released it, allowing the pail to drop suddenly, I grunted loudly.  Pleased, she
stuck the stirrer under the chain between my nipples and pulled it slightly away
from my chest, watching my reaction.  Then she slid the stirrer behind my cock
and forced it away from my belly.  My eyes must have told her that it hurt, and
that was clearly the response she was after.

"Looks like you're not going anywhere for a while," she said, "and your balls
aren't going to be moving a great deal, either.  "That's important, because I
wouldn't want to miss them, would I?"  I didn't think a response was called for,
and didn't want to waste any of the energy I was sure to be needing for the
upcoming ordeal.

"Okay.  You understand why you are being punished.  Correct?"

"Yes.  I understand."

"And you understand that you are to receive two hundred smacks to your balls
with this little stick?"  She was unable to stand directly in front of me
because of the stepladder.  She stood very close, just to my right, and watched
my eyes, closely.

"That 'little stick' looks pretty intimidating to someone in my present
situation," I responded, somewhat truculently.

"I'll ignore that smart remark," she said.  "I'm going to start, now.  I must
say that your balls look like they're just begging to be hit, all stretched out
in front of you like that.  Is the weight from the pail causing you discomfort?"

"Yes.  A great deal!"

"Too bad.  Your cock still looks like you could cut diamonds with it, so it
can't be too awful.  Maybe the spanking will help you forget about the weight. 
Let's see."

Since she was left-handed, she walked around behind me to my left side.  She
rested the flat stick lightly atop my bound testicles for a moment, then raised
it about a foot above them and struck downward, sharply.

SMACK!!!

"Ahhh!" I exclaimed.

"I'll bet that really stings.  That was a loud impact."  As always, she was
watching my eyes.  She delivered a second smack without warning, extracting
another loud yelp from me. 
"You can make all the noise you want.  We're miles from the nearest neighbor,"
she advised, cheerily.

I was already starting to breathe a little rapidly.  I knew this was going to be
bad.

She gave me eight more smacks, in rapid succession, and seemed pleased that I
was able to limit my response to a few sharp releases of breath.  "There. 
You've had ten, already.  How are your little eggs doing>"

"This is a lot worse than I had imagined.  I'm not sure I can take this.  My
balls feel like they're on fire!  Are you sure there's no bleeding?"

This was met with ten more implacable smacks, delivered with a couple of seconds
between each blow.  I had suddenly started to perspire, with rivulets of sweat
rolling down my chest and sides.  My bondage allowed me no movement, whatsoever,
so I just had to hang there while my balls were tortured.  I had jerked back,
involuntarily, in response to a couple of the blows, but the resulting pain to
my, already stretched to the limit, testicles caused me to carefully resist any
reflex-based responses.  I wanted to be as still as possible, and I wanted this
ordeal to be over as quickly as possible.

She administered thirty more resounding smacks, from my left side, then walked
behind me to my right side to "change the angle of attack."  Still using her
left hand, she delivered another fifty blows from that side.  I was emitting a
low-pitched sigh with each strike, now, so she paused after completing the first
hundred smacks to evaluate my condition.

"It looks like they're starting to swell up a bit," she mused, fondling my
tightly stretched sac.  "They're definitely turning a darker color, but I'm
pretty sure that's just from the lack of circulation caused by the tightness of
the cord that is stretching them."  From my pained reaction to the light touch
of her fingers, it was obvious my balls had become extremely sensitive.

"Are you doing OK?" she asked me.  "I don't want to do you any permanent
damage."  She seemed genuinely concerned.

"I don't know," I responded.  "Every time you hit them, it feels like a hot
knife has been stuck right through them.  Even the light touch of your fingers
feels like fire to me.  The funny thing is, I haven't started to get even a hint
of that dull, aching sensation that I associate with getting hit in the balls. 
I figured that would be the hardest thing to deal with.  Actually, I thought I
might have to worry about becoming nauseous...but that hasn't happened."

"That's because I've tied them so tightly in their sac.  If I'd let them hang
loose and started beating on them, it wouldn't have stung so much, but you would
probably gotten sick a long time ago.  Sting is much better than thud, any time. 
Still...I'm starting to get worried.  How about we negotiate a compromise?  I'll
give you twenty more smacks...real hard ones...then I'll untie your balls and
see about getting you that orgasm I promised.  What do you think?"

"What about my side of the compromise?" I asked.  I knew, from painful
experience, that Maggie gave no relief for free.

"Well..." she grinned.  "You'll have to let me put something on you that will
make it more difficult to cum, and very painful for you, if you are able to get
off."

"What kind of 'something' are you talking about?  Not those damned clothespins,
again?"  I was referring to the previous Saturday when, before she finally made
me cum, in front of the other three girls, she had placed ten plastic
clothespins on the sensitive ridge around the head of my cock.  They had
serrated grips, so they would not be accidentally dislodged.   I hadn't
appreciated the nastiness of her intentions until her skillful hands had brought
me to the edge of cumming.  The clothespins had been painful enough, jangling
around while she stroked on my cock but when I felt the first surge of
ejaculation I felt unimaginable pain from the pins.  My cock, naturally enough,
tried to expand to its fullest size with each orgasmic surge.  The clothespins,
tightly gripping their little bits of ultra-sensitive skin, would not open
wider, thereby causing intense, searing pain from their bites.  Each time I
surged, which was many, as she skillfully milked me completely dry of cum, I
felt an absolutely incomparable mixture of overwhelming pleasure, mixed with
excruciating pain.  I definitely did not wish to experience that sensation
again, so soon at least, and said so.

"I promise," she said.  "No clothespins will be involved.  It's something else
I've wanted to try on you.  You know I won't give you all the details until
you've agreed.  There has to be some element of surprise, after all.  Now,
decide!  It'' either twenty more smacks to these tender little babies," she
fondled my balls lightly, eliciting a wince of pain from me, "followed by a hand
job, or, it's 100 more smacks, and who knows how you'll be feeling at that
point?  Make up your mind.  I don't want to take all day with this."

"You leave me with little choice," I said resignedly.  "I'm afraid 100 more
smacks from that nasty little stick might just do me some permanent damage. 
I'll take my chances with the twenty smacks and the masturbation."

"Yeah, that's a tough choice, but I think you made the right one.  Okay, I'm
going to give you twenty more, ten from each side.  Here we go!

Each of the twenty was harder than any that had gone before.  She was making
sure she got her money's worth out of these last few blows.  She allowed about
fifteen seconds between each impact, giving me time to appreciate the pain of
each, as it was delivered, then time to anticipate the pain of the next  She was
truly an accomplished sadist!

When they were finally over, she quickly tipped the pail of water, spilling it
onto the patio deck and relieving the strain on my punished testicles.  After
untying the rawhide from the pail's handle, she gently worked the loop around my
nut sac looser...not without difficulty because the swelling of my balls had
made the cord dig in severely...then pulled it off and discarded it.  She
massaged my balls lightly, allowing them to find their normal location in their
sac, before releasing them and starting on my cock and nipples.  She got my cock
free first.  She untied its supporting cord from the nipple clamp chain, then
loosened the loop behind its darker and shinier crown and freed it from
restraint, allowing it to drop to its normal position between my wide-spread
legs.  The nipple clamps were last, and had been on for so long, and under so
much tension, that I gasped with shock when they were removed and blood began to
circulate where they had been.

My arms were very tired from being stretched high above me for so long, but I
knew, from experience, that she would keep me tied like this until she got me
off.

"I have to get a couple of things from inside," she said, "and I need this
pail."  She went inside the house, leaving me to puzzle over her intentions for
me.  I had no idea how she would contrive to make my orgasm both difficult and
painful, but I was certain her imagination was up to the task.

I was alone for only a few minutes when she returned with the pail full of ice
and water, a tube of KY jelly, and something else in her hand that I couldn't
see.  She set the pail in front of me, laid the KY beside it, then showed me
what else was in her hand.  I recognized them right away, and thought they
looked very innocuous.  There were four of them.  They were little white plastic
rings...the type that remain on the neck of a two-liter soda bottle when you
unscrew the cap.  She had managed to work them off of some of the bottles in the
recycling container, I guessed, but still didn't see what she had in mind.  A
closer look revealed that they were each lined with little plastic spikes,
flexible, but quite sharp, and I began to develop some serious concern for my
immediate welfare.

Acknowledging my worst fears, she began to explain.  "These are from old
two-liter soda bottles, but you've probably already figured that out.  The
little teeth inside them aren't quite sharp enough to break the skin, but they
are plenty sharp enough to cause a lot of pain to sensitive skin, and the head
of your cock is covered with VERY sensitive skin.  I won't be able to get them
on properly, unless your cock is a lot less erect than it is right now.  That's
what the ice water is for.  Let's see if we can make that 'swelling' go down."
She was enjoying her little joke tremendously as she picked up the pail, moved
between my wide-spread legs, and completely submerged my genitals in the icy
cold water.  I cried out from the shock of the cold, but was helpless to move my
cock and balls away from the freezing temperature they were now feeling.  She
held the pail there for much longer than I would have thought necessary but,
when she did finally remove it, my erection was just about gone.

"That should do it," she said.  "Now let's get these on you while things are a
little smaller and easier to deal with."  She took each of the rings, one at a
time, and positioned them on the crown of my cock, a proposition that was, in
itself, quite painful.  She placed them over the tip, worked them down
underneath until they rested on my frenum, then slid the other side down the top
of my crown until they could go no further.  When she had finished, she had all
four rings lined up, one after the other, forming a very painful, cigar
band-like ring, a little more than a half-inch wide, right around one of the
most sensitive places on my body.  The sharp little spikes dug in nastily,
causing me significant discomfort.

"Just wait until your cock gets hard, again," she grinned.  "Those little things
are going to hurt like crazy!"

They already did hurt like crazy, I thought, and would become excruciating if my
cock got hard.  I couldn't even imagine cumming with them on me.  The pain might
actually make me crazy, in a similar fashion to the pain caused by the
clothespins I had been worried about.  It was obvious, however, that the little
spikes wouldn't break the skin.  She might have come up with something that
would, indeed, make it very hard for me to have an orgasm.  At the moment, at
least, I hadn't the slightest interest in cumming.

She, of course, was determined to bring me off, spectacularly.  She was quite
proud of this little idea and was anxious to see if it had the effect she
thought it would.  Squeezing a large amount of KY into her palm, she stood in
front of him and began to rub her palms together gleefully.

"Are you ready to ride?" she quizzed me.  This is going to be a whole LOT of
fun!"  She began a slow, skillful stroking of my cock with her left hand, gently
milking my sensitive balls with her right.  To my horror, I felt my cock begin
to harden, almost immediately.  The sharp pain I felt on my cock head told me
how really bad this was going to be.  She was an expert masturbatrix and, if she
wanted to make me come, nothing would stand in her way.

She worked me a little harder, sliding her hand up and down my shaft with the
glistening lubricant.  Watching my eyes, I knew she could see that I was already
beginning to climb that slippery slope that she would force me to slide down,
when she was ready.  After a few minutes, she released me and watched my, now
fully erect, cock bob around in space like it had a mind of its own. She resumed
her stroking, taking me closer and closer to the edge.  I knew I was helpless to
resist what was happening to me.  I was about to blow and I knew it would
probably be the most exquisitely painful ejaculation I had ever experienced. 
The pain I was feeling from the little spikes was already much worse than the
clothespins had been when he had ejaculated!  When I came, my cock would have no
room to expand and the spikes would dig into me savagely!  I had no choice but
to resign myself to it and wait for her to take me over the top.

When I exploded, I screamed aloud!  It felt like my cock was being crushed by a
crown of needles!  I could actually feel my body trying not to respond to the
irresistible urge to ejaculate, but to no avail.  Maggie expertly milked me,
slowly and surely, until I could cum no more, while I sighed and moaned in agony
mixed with pleasure.  When I finally stopped surging, she scooped up some of my
semen on her fingers, then placed them in my mouth.

"Here you go.  Taste yourself," she said humorously.  That was pretty wild, huh? 
Now I'm afraid I've got a bit of bad news for you.  I won't be able to get those
rings off you until you're soft, again. If I tried to take them off now, you
wouldn't like the result.  How about I untie you, retie your hands behind your
back, and take you inside?  Do you think you could find a way to get me off,
without using your hands?"  She was grinning broadly.  "If you do, I'll get some
little scissors and cut those rings off.  Otherwise, you'll just have to wear
them until the 'swelling' goes down.  That could take quite a while, given the
level of sexual excitement these sessions seem to generate in you.  Who knows? 
You might even get sexually excited again while you're trying to get me off." 
Her grin grew larger.  "You'd beg me to cut those rings off then, huh?"

She untied the ropes pulling my ankles apart, then stood on the stepstool to
release my wrists, which I allowed her to retie, behind my back.  Grabbing my
cock, she took me into the house like a naked pull toy, looking forward to her
orgasm.

According to Maggie, my performance inside was nothing short of spectacular.  I
did become very erect, while getting her off, and she kept her promise to cut
off the little rings.  What a relief that was!  While we were coming down from
the experience, Maggie spoke.  I know I said I'd cook for you, and I will.  I've
got one more little thing I'd like to try on you, first.  I think I should go
ahead and get it over with, then we can have the rest of the day and evening to
enjoy ourselves.  What do you think?"

"Well," I said, "my balls are still a little sore, but other than that I guess
I'm ready for anything.  I can't tell you how much I'm looking forward to
getting you into a real bed, tonight."

"And so you shall," Maggie replied, with a bright smile.  "But first, let's go
back out to the patio.  I'm really anxious to try this next idea out on you."

"Won't you give me some idea of what it is?"

"You know better than that," she said.  "Not until I've got you helpless to
resist."

With that, she led me back out to the patio and directed me to place the chaise
lounge in a central location.  Once I had done so, she had me lie on my back on
it and proceeded to tie me spread-eagled to the lounge.  Shortly, she had me
securely bound, still naked, and, of course, somewhat curious as to what she had
in mind.  I was pleased to see that my penis was still semi-hard, even after all
of the attention she had been giving to it.  Maggie gave my cock a quick pat
with her left hand, just to make sure I was paying attention, then she squeezed
my sore testicles very hard, using both hands to put pressure on the helpless
orbs.  I reacted precisely as she must have expected, gasping in unexpected
pleasure at the pat, then crying out helplessly as she brought excruciating pain
to my balls.

"There'll be quite a bit more pain for you in a few minutes," she said,
pleasantly.  "Just let me get a few things from the house.  She was gone for a
few minutes, then returned to stand over me holding some very interesting
looking gear in her hands.  "This is a TENS unit," she explained.  "With this
and a few accessories that I've been able to obtain, I can cause a great deal of
electric current to pass through various parts of your body.  I plan to restrict
those parts of your body to ones below your waist, of course.  I wouldn't want
to do any unexpected permanent damage, just want it to be as painful as
possible, without doing any real harm.  These things," she held the TENS unit in
front of me, "were originally designed for medical purposes.  They were used to
put electrical current through some large muscle groups for the lessening of
pain from seizure.  The instructions say that the pain can really be intense,
and they're not talking about hooking the thing up to anything as tender and
sensitive as your cock and balls.  I guess we'll just have to see, won't we?"

She brought out a length of thin rope and began to tie it around the base of my
genitals, then she carefully separated my testicles with the rope, and wound it
around the base of each, several times.  When she was finished, I had an
enormous erection but my cock was separated from my balls by rope, then they
were separated from each other by more of the same.  She liked the way it looked
and said as much.  I was quiet, as was my custom at times like this.   I was
somewhat afraid of electricity, having experienced some fairly severe static
electric shocks in the wintertime when living in different climes.  I had never
experienced the direct current from a TENS unit, however, and was somewhat
curious as to what its effect would be on me.  I had heard of TENS, of course,
just never seen one.

"Now, before I get started below your waist, I think we need just a bit of
something up here, to balance things out."  She tweaked my nipples as she said
this, then she produced a pair of plastic surgical forceps type clamps.  She
carefully applied the clamps to my nipples, making sure she had only the flesh
of the nipple tip in the grasp of the clamp's mouth before tightening it to the
first adjustment.  I sighed when she stopped there, for a time, at least.  The
clamps hurt badly at this level, but each had four remaining levels of
adjustment and each of the levels definitely brought a new meaning to the words
'nipple pain.'  I was fairly certain that Maggie would not fail to explore those
levels, but was relieved that she had stopped at the most reasonable level for
the time being

"Now, then, let's get you hooked up.  Shall we?"  Her sweetly smiling face
belied the intense level of emotion I knew she had to be feeling.  She loved the
fact that I was willing to surrender to her, and she truly enjoyed pushing me to
new limits of painful suffering.

She rummaged around out of my sight for a moment, then turned back to me with
several things in her grasp.  Placing all but one of them beside me on the
chaise, she began to place an adjustable band around my left testicle.

"These are for your balls," she explained as she tightened it, securely.  "They
will allow the current to pass directly between them, but you'll find out how
they work, won't you?"  She placed an identical band around my right testicle
and then tightened them both so there was no chance I could shake them off. 
"Now, we need something for your cock, as well.  I've got just the thing right
here."  With that she placed a solid band about the base of my penis and
tightened it into place.  Then she took another, smaller and more flexible band
and threaded it around the head of my cock, then back through its own base,
forming a secure loop that wound tightly around my cock head.  "I think if we
get this stuff all connected to the TENS unit, we can really light you up, now,"
she said with a grin.

With that she picked up some connectors from the chaise and began to snap them
into receptacles that dangled from each device.  When they were secure, she took
the other ends of the leads, which ended in bright metal plugs, and plugged them
into the TENS unit.  "The unit is set up to allow me to use two currents at the
same time," she smiled.  "Are you ready for this?"

"I'm not really sure," I replied, somewhat hesitantly.  "Are you sure this won't
do any permanent damage?"

"I'm going to make you regret even thinking that, much less saying it out loud,"
was her reply.  "If you don't trust me to be positive about such things, why do
you let me get you in these predicaments?"

"I'm sorry, truly sorry," I said.  "I've just never had any experience with any
of this and the thing scares me quite a bit."

"You are definitely entitled to be scared," she was smiling sweetly at me now. 
"This is going to hurt a lot...a whole lot!"

With that she turned on the juice, which, I was to later learn, was supplied by
a nine-volt battery, contained inside the unit.  "I'm only going to take you up
to level four for now," she said pleasantly.  "It will go up to level ten, just
so you know."  She slowly turned each side of the TENS unit up to the fourth
level, watching my reaction carefully.

At first I didn't feel a thing, though I certainly wasn't going to say as much,
then it began to make itself felt.  I felt a throbbing sensation in my balls and
cock which was unlike anything I had ever felt before.  It was bearable, but
only just!  Then the character of the current seemed to be changing, becoming
even more noticeable, and I realized she was adjusting some other controls on
the unit.  Finally, I felt as though each of my balls, and my cock as well, was
being slammed by an invisible fist, rhythmically and with an undercurrent of
burning from the electricity.  She was watching me, carefully, and seemed quite
satisfied at the effect the current was having. 

"There, now," she was smiling again.  "How does that feel?'

"It's quite painful, actually.  I hope you'll reconsider going any farther up
the dial."

"Nonsense!" she said, calmly.  "It's not even halfway to the top.  You shouldn't
be feeling more than just a tickle."  She let me see her turning each of the
little knobs to the fifth level, and smiled at me, once more.

"Owww!" I yelped.  "Please stop!  That really hurts!"

"Then this ought to feel really good," she said, turning each of the dials to
the sixth level and watching my reaction to the pain with interest.  My cock was
rock hard, probably harder than it had ever been before, and it was leaking a
steady stream of pre-cum as the current bit into my genitals mercilessly.

"You're going to cum from this," she said evenly.  "It's just a question of how
high I have to turn it up and for how long.  Let's try level seven."  She
twisted each of the little knobs up another level then stepped back, watching
carefully.  Finally, as though she suddenly realized what was missing, she
reached for each of my nipple clamps and cranked them all the way to the fifth
position, eliciting snorts of pain from me and, sure enough, a steady stream of
cum began pouring out of my cock.  Seeing that, she twisted the dials on the
TENS device back to the sixth level and gave me a moment's respite.

"I think you can do that again.  What do you think?"

"No way," I blubbered.  "That didn't even feel as though I came, at all."

"Exactly!" she exclaimed.  "You come, but you don't enjoy it!  I think it's a
terrific way to punish you.  Let's take the clamps off your nipples for a few
minutes then we'll give it another go after you've rested a bit."  She carefully
removed the clamps, placing them on the chaise, beside me, within easy reach.

I simply rested, as she had suggested.  I certainly didn't want another bout
with the electricity and clamps, but I didn't see any way of avoiding it.  She
would amuse herself with me until she was through, and that was it.  That was
all I knew for sure and, in the meanwhile, the surging current at level six
wasn't giving me much of a rest.  I was still as hard as ever, in spite of the
copious amount of sperm I had surrendered.

Finally, after about ten minutes of so-called "rest," she signaled that she was
ready to begin once more by replacing the clamps on my nipples.  This time she
set them to the second stop.  Then she turned the current from the TENS unit
back to seven and began watching me, again.  It was obvious that seven wasn't
going to get it done, so she took me up to eight on the TENS before tightening
the clamps to their maximum and forcing a smaller, but still copious, amount of
sperm from my wracked body.  She allowed all the sperm to stop flowing before
turning the machine back to six and removing the nipple clamps once more.

"You should be good for a couple of more bouts, at least," she said.  "Then I
promise to get busy in the kitchen.  This is definitely making me both hungry
and horny."

True to her word, she took me to the very top level on the TENS for two more
wracking episodes.  Each time she replaced and tightened the nipple clamps to
their maximum in conjunction with my coming.  By the time I had finished the
final expulsion, I was quite weak.  I had come four times, almost totally
depleting my body of semen, yet had experienced no pleasure, whatsoever.  She
disconnected the TENS unit and removed the devices from my cock and balls, then,
to my surprise, she worked my penis to another erection.

"Now I'll have some real fun," she said, as she mounted me.  "I've got a man
with a hard-on and no real ability to have an orgasm.  What a concept!"

I sighed and acknowledged that she had founda terrific way to ensure she had her
pleasure, as I began to pump away in her body.  The smile on her face was my
best reward.

Maggie kept her word, preparing an exquisite meal for us, which we enjoyed still
naked.  Finally, we did adjourn to her bedroom where, to my amazement, I found
the ability to get hard again, and was able to fully make love to her, without
ropes or gadgets, for the first time.  It was as marvelous as I had been sure it
would be. 
We've been married for a couple of months, now.  I'm a full partner in her
father's firm and we still occasionally see one or more of the girls who had
helped Maggie on that first weekend, so long ago.  They smile and nod, but are
content to keep the knowledge of our past to themselves.

We are comfortable married folks, but we still enjoy an occasional afternoon in
the woods of her father's estate.  I'm always naked and helpless, and Maggie can
still come up with some amazing things to do to me that make me realize how
lucky I am to have found her.  She's a beautiful, assured wife, but when we're
alone she's the evil dominatrix that I have no power to resist. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sardonicus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





