BDSM Library - That's what Friends are for




That's what Friends are for
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alan learned a lesson that he should never tried to fight his boss. Now it's his payback time.
This story is intended for the enjoyment of adults over the age of 18 or 
whatever the legal age is in your part of the universe. It contains fantasy 
scenes of graphic sexual activity.   Please, if you are under the age of 18, 
or if you will be offended by such material, use your intelligence and read 
no further - delete the file.  Otherwise ....enjoy!

All my other stories can be found at: asstr.org
------------------------------
That's what Friends are for (Revenge, CB)
by Nessus




That's what Friends are for (Revenge, CB)
by Nessus

Life's tough in the big city, especially as a junior executive in a global 
conglomerate. I was so far down the pecking order I couldn't even see the 
Vice President's office, let alone dream about being in it. That's why I had 
to get the promotion.

"It's two levels above me, Melanie," I said to my girlfriend as we lunched. 
"Maybe even three. I have to get it."

"Alan, it would be great. Do you think you have a chance?" Her beautiful 
eyes glistened with excitement and her large breasts heaved under her white 
blouse. She was gorgeous but I had other things on my mind.

I stared moodily out the window at the teeming city streets. Life had 
certainly changed since I moved here from Kansas six years ago to make my 
fortune in the Big Apple. "Yeah, I've got a chance. I figure it'll be 
between two of us."

"Only two? That's fantastic! You and who else?" Her plump lips glistened and 
I found myself fantasying about my cock between those red lips.

"Louise Tellat," I finally answered.

Melanie's face fell. "Oh. Louise?" Louise Tellat was the head of the 
department that Melanie worked in and was Melanie's immediate manager.

"You don't have to take sides," I said sulkily. "I'll give it my best shot."

"Louise is pretty good," Melanie said, a worried tone in her voice. "Best 
boss I've worked for."

"So, you don't think I can beat her?"

"Wellï¿½."

"She is pretty strange, the way she dresses, that punky hair.  Doesn't she 
live down near the Village with the weirdo set? God knows what she gets up 
to."

"She's has artistic interests," Melanie said defensively. "But that doesn't 
mean she's not good at her job."

Angrily, I threw the credit card on the table. "I said you don't have to 
take sides but it looks like you are, against me!"

"Alan, that's not the way it is. Can we talk about this?"

"There's nothing to talk about."

We parted there and I angrily strode back to the office. It's great when 
your girlfriend decides to support the opposition! I sat at my desk as the 
night fell on the city, running through my strengths and weaknesses in 
preparation to compiling my application. In all honesty, I knew that Louise 
would beat me so I had to exploit her weaknesses.

I sat bolt upright. Her main weakness was her fondness for the edge, the 
counter-culture look and all that goes with it. That, I could exploit with a 
few well-placed rumours. After all, I had a week to play. I laughed to 
myself as I rode the subway home and scribbled notes as I sat in my 
apartment. The next day, I started placing the rumours.

A few days later, Melanie leaned across the table as we were having a coffee 
break. "Have you heard the terrible rumours about Louise?" she whispered.

"No," I said, acting surprised. "Rumours? What rumours?"

Melanie looked around and then leaned closer. "Drugs. Alan, I don't believe 
it but somebody saw her shooting up in the restroom."

"You're kidding me!"

"No, I'm not," she said earnestly and I hid a smile.

Melanie had to fly down to our Florida office so she missed the memo 
announcing my promotion but she phoned me as soon as she heard. Louise 
coldly congratulated me and, surrounded by the people patting me on the 
back, agreed to join us for a Friday night celebratory drink.

I was surprised when Louise sat next to me at the bar and, more than once, I 
felt her shoe graze my leg. I looked down at her long legs extending from 
her short skirt and looked up to find her studying me. "Like what you see?" 
she smiled and I blushed but bolstered by alcohol and my success, pushed on.

"I sure do."

"Good," she said and turned back to talk to someone else. Finally, it was 
time to go and Louise picked up her large clumsy bag and headed for the 
door.

"Share a cab?" I asked and she nodded. She sat close to me in the back of 
the cab as we headed towards my apartment. Driven by the sight of her long 
legs and my hardening cock, I found myself asking her up for a drink. We 
both knew what I really meant but I was delighted when she agreed.

Louise insisted she make the drinks and we kissed when she handed me mine. 
"To a great night," she said, smiling knowingly at me as she drained her 
glass. Hurriedly, I followed suit and reached for her. "No, no," she said, 
gently pushing me away. "You get into bed and I'll freshen up." She 
disappeared into my bathroom and I eagerly stripped all my clothes off and 
climbed into bed. Drowsily, I lay there, staring at the light showing under 
the bathroom door and that was the last thing I remembered about that night.

I woke with a pain in my groin as the morning light streamed in. There was 
no sign of Louise and I found myself staring at a metal contraption that 
encased my cock. My poor cock was threaded through a narrow metal tube that 
was bent over my balls and fastened with a shiny ring that encircled my 
balls next to my body.

I rushed to the toilet and found I had to sit to pee. Relief as I emptied my 
bladder and the pain subsided.  I tugged and tugged at the device but it 
wouldn't budge.

Panic set in and it was then I saw the note on the dresser.  'When you 
realise you can't get it off, call me'. A simple L was scrawled next to a 
cell phone number. Louise! The bitch!

Punching the number in, I waited impatiently for Louise to answer, as I 
stood naked in my apartment, the silver chastity belt constraining my 
genitals.

"Hello?"

"Louise, you fucking bitch!"

Click! I stared at the phone in shock. She hung up! I took some deep breaths 
and attempted to calm down, then dialled the number again.

"Hello?"

"Louise," I said desperately. "Don't hang up."

"Alan baby," she sneered. "What a surprise. Like your little gift?"

"Why did you do this to me?" I cried and her voice grew cold.

"Revenge, baby. Pure revenge. You fucked with me, Alan. Took my job! I was 
the best and you fucking know it. I took a small and a medium sized belt 
with me in my bag. Just knew it had to be a small," she snickered.

"Louise," I pleaded. "It's not my fault they picked someone else."

"Bullshit! You and your fucking rumours!"

"Rumours?" I said innocently and the phone went dead once again. Gritting my 
teeth, I made the call again.

"Hello Alan," she snapped before I could speak. "You lie to me again and it 
stays on forever. Got it?"

I gulped. "Got it," I mumbled.

"Guess your morning hard-on felt a little different this morning," she 
laughed.

"Louise, how do I get it off?' I begged.

"You don't," she snapped. "I'm the only one that can take it off and I don't 
feel like it yet. I'm still pissed at you."

"How long?" I asked brokenly.

"Hmm, I don't know. Maybe a week. Or a month."

"A month!" I exclaimed. "What do I tell Melanie?"

"Melanie? Yeah, guess I forgot about her." She laughed again. "Let's hope we 
can do a deal before she returns from Florida?"

"Deal?" I quickly asked. "What deal?"

Louise laughed again. "Let's talk on Monday. Have a great Saturday, Alan." 
The line went dead and I stared at the metal tube that encased my cock. 
Suddenly, I realised the longest I've ever gone without coming was two or 
three days and I felt frightened that somebody had that much control over 
me. I had to get the thing off me!

A few hours later and some research, I stood uncertainly outside a small 
shop near the Village. Taking a deep breath, I entered the shop, the bell 
over the door bringing me to the attention of the white guy behind the 
counter. He examined me critically as I walked towards him, his mouth moving 
as he chewed solidly on his gum. Lurid magazines and weird objects littered 
the shelves.

"Yeah? Looking for something, pal?"

"Chastity belts," I mumbled, looking around.

"Male or female?"

"Male."

"Down the back of the shop."

"No," I said quickly. "I've got one. I just need help to get it off." I 
blushed as I said it and he raised his eyes from the magazine on the counter 
to study me again.

"Girlfriend put one on you, huh?"

"Yes," I lied.

He nodded. "Ok. Tiffany," he yelled and a young woman in black with violet 
hair came from the back of the shop.

"Yeah?" she said, passing me.

"Take over, baby. The mans got a problem I gotta look at." I followed him 
through a black curtain to a small alcove. "Ok," he said, leaning against 
the wall. "Come on, man," he prompted. "I don't have all day."

I dropped my pants and shorts, sheepishly standing in the light as he 
examined it. "Phew," he whistled. "It's great! An LT Small."

"Small?"

"Hey, man," he said defensively. "Don't get mad. It's the model name." He 
leaned closer. "See, the model name is engraved here. An LT," he said 
softly. "You don't see too many of these babies."

Suddenly, my heart sank. "LT?" I asked and, somehow, I all ready knew the 
answer.

"Yeah. Louise Tellat is the chick that makes them. She's some kind of artist 
that lives down here. She does great work. "

"I guess so," I said mournfully, understanding why she had a chastity belt 
just lying around. "Can you get it off?"

He shook his head. "No can do. Each one of these babies is completely 
different, different keys, locks, you name it. The keys are so small and so 
strange you can't even copy them. A diamond drill or saw might get through 
it but it's a big call, man. Don't think I'd put my balls under a diamond 
cutter.  Hey man, your chick must really dig you, these things retail for 
about two grand."

"Two grand!"

"Yeah. This model is sold as the 'Captive Cock'. Catchy, huh?"

"Great," I said sarcastically as I pulled my pants up. "I'm stuck with it?"

"'Fraid so, man." He grinned. "Hey, she's gonna want to play soon and when 
she does, don't let her put it back on. Simple. Let's hope she gets horny 
soon, huh man? Before your friends find out."

"What?" I said in shock. "How will they find out?"

"How long you been on the planet, man? Girls tell friends everything and I 
mean everything!"

"Ok," I said sadly. "Thanks for your help."

"No problem. Hope it doesn't get too hard for you." He collapsed into 
laughter. "Sorry man, just had to say it."

The weekend past slowly and I found I had to stay in the apartment to avoid 
all the beautiful women this city regularly displays. Every time I grew 
horny, my poor cock would try to swell but would be cruelly restricted by 
the tube. It wasn't extremely painful but painful enough to remind me of my 
predicament. As the weekend passed and I grew increasingly hungry for 
relief, those reminders became more regular and more insistent.

By Monday, I was so horny and desperate for relief that I knew I would agree 
to anything to get this thing off. The idea of just being able to jerk-off 
was so tantalising, so remote and now, just a distant memory. This ploy of 
Louise's was so cruel that I had a sudden and deep respect for her. It was 
obvious she had been the better person for the job, a better person than I 
had. Too late, too fucking late!

It was mid-morning before I gathered my courage to walk to Louise's office. 
Louise was packing belongings into boxes when I arrived, dressed in black as 
usual with a short skirt.

"Have a sexy weekend?" she sneered when she saw me and I shook my head, my 
cock surging in its confinement as I glanced at her long legs clad in black 
nylon.

"Where are you going?" I asked, gesturing at the boxes.

"Didn't I tell you? I quit on Friday. Got a new job with our largest 
competitor. They've paid me off and I'm out of here today."

"What about this thing?" I murmured, gesturing at my crotch and she laughed 
coldly.

"It's worth about two and a half grand."

"Two and a half grand!" I exclaimed. "They told me two."

"Been checking up on me, huh? Let's make it three grand. Any more 
arguments?"

"No," I mumbled. "Guess not," and I fumbled for my chequebook.

"No. Cash."

"I'll go to the bank," I said, defeated.

"Better be quick. I'll be gone soon." I turned to the door when she called. 
"Hey, like my legs?" Louise slid her skirt up and I stared at her long legs 
in the black nylon as my cock squirmed in the metal embrace. She laughed at 
the look of pain on my face. "Must be really hard for you," she said between 
laughter and I slunk away to the bank.

Sometime later, I counted the notes into her palm and watched her tuck it 
away into her purse. "Great," she said, picking up her attache case. "Let's 
do lunch sometime."

"Wait!" I cried. "What about the key?"

"Key?" she said innocently. "What key?"

Panic rose in my throat. "The key to this thing," I hissed, gesturing again 
at my crotch.

Louise laughed. "That key. Right! I'll get it to you tomorrow."

"Why not now?"

"I don't have it. It's at my apartment."

"Let's go get it," I demanded.

"No way. I'm not giving you the key when I'm alone with you. You could rape 
me. I'll get it to you." With that, she strode out of the office and I 
slumped in a chair. Holding my head in my hands, I felt like crying for the 
first time in a long while.

That evening I wandered aimlessly around my apartment. There was no envelope 
in the mailbox with the key in it and I was fighting the rising panic that 
threatened to overwhelm me. What if she destroyed the key? What would I do 
then?

I was constantly aroused and eager for relief. I couldn't even watch 
television as the many images caused my cock to be squeezed relentlessly by 
the device.

Suddenly, the doorbell rang and hope surged through me. Maybe it was a 
deliveryman with the key. I swung the door open and Melanie stood on the 
doorstep, glaring at me. "Melanie," I croaked in surprise.

"You prick!" she spat and slapped me hard across the face. As I stood 
stunned on the doorstep she strode past, dropped her bag on the sofa and 
stood with her arms folded.

Closing the door, I turned sheepishly to face her. "Melanie," I began but 
she interrupted me.

"How could you? How could you start those rumours?"

"I wanted the job," I mumbled and she slapped me hard once again.

"That's for being so willing to fuck Louise! You really are a prick!"

"I'm sorry," I mumbled again, head hanging, my face burning from the palm of 
her hand. Melanie sat on the sofa and I watched her long legs cross.

"Let's see it," she said.

"See what?" I tried to fix an innocent expression on my face.

"Louise has told me everything. Drop your pants and show me."

Sighing, I unbuckled my pants and stood exposed. She giggled as she examined 
the chastity device. "She is a bad bitch, isn't she," she murmured. "Does it 
hurt?" she asked, looking up at me.

"Yes."

"Good." She patted the sofa. "Sit here." I bent to pull my pants up but her 
voice stopped me. "No, I want to have another look at it. Take your pants 
off." There was no point in arguing so I did and sat next to her, naked from 
the waist down.

"Louise is mailing the key," she said.

"When?" I asked crestfallen and she shrugged.

"Don't know." Suddenly, she kissed me. A long smouldering deep kiss that 
caused my cock to be throttled by the chastity device. We kissed for ages 
and I savoured every taste, every sensation like I had never before. 
Finally, she broke the embrace and lay back on the sofa. "Hmm," she said. "I 
missed that in Florida. Now I'm all horny." I watched hypnotised as her legs 
parted and she slid the skirt up, revealing her white lace panties. "Finish 
me off, lover," she purred.

"Butï¿½" I said, confused.

"I've done it for you in the past," she whispered, her hand resting on the 
back of my head as she guided my face towards that white lace.


"But I'm not thatï¿½"

"You can learn," she said, my face now inches from her panties and I could 
smell her musky perfume. "We have all the time in the world because nothing 
else can happen. Come on, lover, use your mouth. Kiss me."

Tentatively I kissed the white lace of her panties and she moaned softly 
above me as my cock pulsed in its prison. She shuffled around and suddenly 
pulled he panties down, kicked them off and splayed her legs wantonly before 
me. She wasn't gentle this time as she thrust my face into her pussy, the 
wet pink lips glistening in the sparse blonde hair surrounding it.

I kissed her pussy, inhaled her perfume and used my tongue. Melanie groaned 
and moaned, indicating my next move with her long finger and I slavishly 
followed her directions, lost in my narrow pussy world.

Finally, she ground me into her pussy, her thighs clamping hard and, moaning 
loudly, convulsed in a rippling orgasm I could only envy. After a while, she 
picked her panties up, slipped them on and hugged me. "That was wonderful," 
she purred. "The first time I've come from your mouth. Usually, you give me 
a few token licks then thrust your cock into me." I watched her as she 
adjusted her lipstick, snapped her bag shut and walked to the door. "Come 
and kiss me goodbye," she ordered and I walked over, still naked from the 
waist down.

Giggling, she patted my cock in its prison. "Poor little thing," she said 
and I blushed furiously.

"Melanie," I begged. "Please get the key from Louise. I think she's tricked 
me. Please!"

"Don't worry," she soothed and kissed me on the cheek. "Things will work 
out." She hugged me again. "Thanks, lover. That was great and I feel on top 
of the world. Sorry you can't feel as good," she grinned. " 'Bye." I watched 
the door slam shut and slowly walked to my bedroom.

The next day I seethed with sexual tension and there was nothing I could do 
about it so I sat behind my desk, attempting to concentrate on work. Melanie 
was no help, as she seemed to enjoy teasing me. During the morning, she 
appeared in my office, stood next to me desk and pulled her skirt up. I 
stared at her panties beneath the black pantyhose and wallowed in desperate 
sexual need and a restricting pain.

"Do you want to come?" she whispered and I nodded dumbly as she dropped her 
skirt.

"The key hasn't arrived," I said hoarsely.

Melanie ruffled my hair. "Why don't you drop by my apartment tonight for 
supper?  Relax, baby."

Her apartment was softly lit, music flowing gently from the hi-fi and a 
light meal ready. We ate, drank a little wine and talked about many things. 
We took our coffee on the sofa where, after a while, she took the lead and 
started kissing me. Again, I fell into her lips, savouring the taste and 
sensation of her. It seemed like ages until we broke our embrace, my cock 
pounding in its cage and Melanie flushed and breathless.

"Ooh, lover," she moaned and her expert fingers quickly unzipped my pants.

"Don't," I groaned.

"I want to look," she whispered, pulling my pants down and revealing my poor 
cock trapped in its metal prison. "How long has since you've been able to 
come?" she murmured, fingers lightly holding my balls.

"Six days," I gasped, filled with an urgent need.

"Six days?" she pouted. "Did you jerk off after I went to Florida?"

"Yes," I admitted, blushing.

"Poor baby," she whispered, sliding her skirt up. She was naked under her 
skirt, her pussy framed by a black lace garter belt and her black stockings. 
"Do me," she ordered, pulling my face to her wetness. Once again, I 
submerged myself into her musky folds, using my tongue expertly until she 
was moaning and gasping on the sofa. Finally, she shuddered with a shriek 
and rode her orgasm as it thundered through her.

"Wonderful," she muttered, head lolling against the sofa as I gazed at her 
pussy, my entire body engulfed with an unbearable sexual tension.

I spent the next morning on the phone, trying to track Louise Tellat down at 
her new job. Finally, she answered.

"Hello?"

"Louise," I begged. "Please Louise, send me the key. I'll pay you more if 
you want. I'll do anything," I cried desperately.

"Key?" she said, a puzzled tone to her voice. "I gave the key to Melanie on 
Monday." A low chuckle echoed down the line. "She didn't tell you? Wow, 
Melanie is quite a bitch, isn't she." Louise hung up and I stared dumbly at 
the receiver. Melanie has the key! In fact, she has had the key for two 
days!

Melanie walked into my office at lunchtime, dressed to kill again. "Ready 
for some lunch?" she asked and her smile faded when she saw the expression 
on my face. "What's wrong, lover?'

"The key," I said softly. "You've got it."

Melanie smiled, sat in the visitors chair and I watched as she made a great 
show of crossing her legs and adjusting the hem of her short skirt. "You've 
worked it out," she smiled.

"Why?" I pleaded softly.

She shrugged. "Revenge. You almost fucked another woman. You would have been 
unfaithful to me."

"I said I was sorry."

"Now, I'm making you sorry."

"When will you take it off?" I mumbled, head down.

"When I feel like it. When you've made it up to me by being nice to me. 
And," she said smiling down at me, "you've been extra nice the last two 
nights."

"This is cruel," I moaned.

"Yes," she said briskly. "I know. Let's go to lunch."

That night, I found myself cooking dinner naked while Melanie lounged on the 
sofa. She sat down to the meal and I was about to join her, still naked, 
when she suggested a foot massage would be nice while she ate.

Kneeling at her feet, I slipped her shoes off and rubbed her stocking feet 
slowly as she enjoyed the meal while my food cooled on the plate opposite 
her. Sighing, she sipped her wine and spread her legs. "While you're down 
there," she urged and I moved my head between her thighs to fulfil my new 
task. After a moment, she abruptly pushed me away and strode to her bedroom. 
Uncertainly, I followed and found her naked on the bed, legs spread. My cock 
surged at the sight and I hurriedly crawled between her legs to use my 
tongue on her glistening pussy.

It took much longer this time but she finally climbed to another rolling 
orgasm. I collapsed on the bed next to her and she caressed my poor cock in 
its cruel device. "Poor baby," she cooed. "Just can't come. What a shame."

"Please," I said brokenly. "Please free me."

"Don't you want to come?" she teased.

"Please," I begged desperately. "Please, Melanie."

She smiled. "Maybe tomorrow."

"Tomorrow!" I cried in pain and her smile grew hard.

"Let's make it Saturday then."

"Ok," I agreed desperately in case she added another day. "Saturday."

"Now," she said languidly, rolling onto her stomach. "A slow massage will be 
nice."

Saturday afternoon, heart pounding, I tapped on the door of her apartment. 
She smiled at the desperate look on my face and I followed her in to the 
apartment. A solitary chair sat in the middle of the room.

"Strip," she ordered and I frantically ripped my clothes off. "Sit," she 
pointed at the chair and I sat down. Melanie produced some wide straps and 
started to buckle my wrists to the arms of the chair.

"What are you doing?" I protested, moving my arms away.

"We do this my way or not at all," she snapped. "If you want to come, get 
your arms back!" Hurriedly, I complied and soon I was securely fastened to 
the chair. Smiling, Melanie produced a small key and unlocked the device. 
She giggled at my groan when it was removed and my cock immediately swelled 
to a full erection.

Whistling she walked a away and returned hiding something behind her back. 
Standing behind me, she suddenly pushed a rubbery object into my mouth and 
buckled a strap around my head. I could see but not talk.

Melanie stood in front of me with a large feather and started to softly 
stroke various parts of my body but clearly ignoring my cock. I tottered on 
the edge of coming, my heart pounding, sweat running over me and my groans 
muffled by the gag.

Suddenly, she stopped and sat at the small table in front of me, ignoring me 
while she calmly read the newspaper. Every now and again she parted her 
legs, allowing a clear view up her skirt to her naked pussy. My cock pulsed 
and jumped wildly at the sight.

The doorbell rang and I gaped as Melanie calmly opened the door to let 
Louise in who convulsed in laughter at the sight of me. They sat at the 
table, drinking wine and studying me as I gasped in the chair.

Finally, Melanie unbuckled the gag. "Do you want to come?"

"Please, Melanie. Please," I begged desperately.

"Please what?" she said coldly as Louise giggled in the background.

"Please let me come."

"How?"

"I don't care! I don't care!"

"You want me to jerk you off?"

"Please jerk me off," I begged. "Please"

"Shouldn't take too long," Louise observed.

"It never does," Melanie said dryly and I flinched at the cruel matter of 
fact tone.

"Please," I moaned, all dignity gone.

"Ask me to jerk you off and then put the belt back on," she said coldly, 
staring into my eyes.

"What?" I croaked.

"You heard."

"Why?"

"I like having control of you. It keeps you faithful, attentive and nice."

I had no choice and I was desperate to come. "Please jerk me off and put the 
belt back on me," I said hoarsely, tears prickling my eyes and Louise 
laughed, clapping her hands.

Melanie smiled triumphantly and squatted in front of me so I had a clear 
view of her pussy. Her fingers with her long red fingernails slipped around 
my cock and started softly stroking. It was wonderful. "Milking time," she 
said and Louise giggled into her wine. My body stiffened and I quickly 
rushed to the edge, shuddering and spurting as Melanie pumped me dry.

My head hung on my chest as she cleaned me and snapped the device back on 
me. I felt tears glistening on my cheek as she freed me from the chair. She 
saw the tears as well and kissed me lightly on my wet cheek. "Poor baby," 
she said, smiling.

"Wow," Louise said. "Watching all that has made me horny."

"Would you like to take him into the bedroom and use his tongue?" Melanie 
asked, sitting at the table as I stood uncertainly next to the chair. "He's 
become quite good at it and takes instructions well."

"You don't mind?" Louise asked and I felt like a dumb animal at an auction.

"Of course I don't mind," Melanie smiled, patting Louise's hand. "What are 
friends for?"

Nessus29@hotmail




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nessus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





