BDSM Library - Stocking Tops




Stocking Tops
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: His love affair was found out by his wife. He promised to do anything to save their marriage. The wife had a bright idea to control her husband.
This story is intended for the enjoyment of adults over the age of 18 or 
whatever the legal age is in your part of the universe. It contains fantasy 
scenes of graphic sexual activity.   Please, if you are under the age of 18, 
or if you will be offended by such material, use your intelligence and read 
no further - delete file.  Otherwise ....enjoy!

Stocking Tops
by Nessus
MC FemDom Mast Humil




Stocking Tops

by Nessus

MC FemDom Mast Humil

Hannah and I have been married for about three years. She's a smart, 
beautiful woman who knows exactly what she wants. A doctor of medicine, 
Hannah had just joined a small partnership when she met me. I was the real 
estate agent who sold her new house to her. What she saw in me, I don't know 
but we were married within twelve months and now, three years later and due 
to her driving and encouragement, I'm the owner of a thriving real estate 
practice.

A tall, dark haired woman with a hot body to match, sex with Hannah, from my 
point of view, was always great. I like it fast and furious with me spurting 
a powerful orgasm into that gorgeous body. Lately, she's been trying to get 
me to talk about our sexual problems' but I laugh it off. It's just the 
doctor in her. Anyway, I don't see any problem.

I've always enjoyed sex but with both of us with busy schedules we haven't 
been as regular as we could be so I found some compensation. Her name was 
Mandy. Young, long red hair, dressed to kill, Mandy was a new sales person 
in my office and we fooled around once or twice. Well, maybe a little more.

I used to pull her short skirt up, pantyhose down and fuck her from behind 
with her big tits mashed into my desk. And then send her back to work with 
my cum leaking into her pantyhose. Dangerous but exciting.

Then Mandy started asking me when I was going to leave Hannah. Well, that 
started me laughing and she stormed out of the office. That's when this all 
started.

"So," my wife said icily, "you've been fucking on the job?"

"Hannah," I protested, "How can you say�."

"Mandy told me everything," she calmly announced. I was dumbfounded.

"You spoke to�.?"

"Yes. She called me out of desperation and, probably love. You don't deserve 
her, us!" she snapped. "I know everything, Roy. She cried her heart out, 
poor thing."

I had to move fast. "Hannah, I'm sorry. She didn't mean anything to me. It 
was just sex. You know," I smiled weakly, "you and I haven't had much 
opportunity lately."

"Oh, it's my fault, is it?"

"Well, you know, as a man, I need to cum. Regularly. I just have to."

She stared at me for a long moment. "I'll think about this."

"Hannah," I said desperately, "I love you. Let's not break up over this. 
I'll do anything." She didn't reply and walked away.

Worried, I watched her stride away. We had all our assets in joint holdings 
and the last thing I needed was some shifty divorce lawyer crucifying me in 
the court, leaving me dead broke.

I spent the night in the spare room and, gingerly, sat down for breakfast. 
Hiding behind my newspaper, I waited. After a while, she looked at me across 
the breakfast table. "Roy, last night, you said you'll do anything to keep 
us together. Was that true?"

"Of course," I lied, looking up from the newspaper.

"Good. I want you to give up smoking. You know how I hate it."

I looked back at the newspaper. "Sure. I've quit as of now. Not a problem." 
This was going to be easy, I thought happily. She's not as mad as I thought.

"I know how difficult it will be for you so I've made an appointment with a 
Hypno-therapist. It's at ten. Please make sure you get there on time." She 
handed me a card.

"Hypno-therapist? Hypnotised?"

"Yes, darling, it works." She left the table with a swirl and I stared at 
the card. Hell, no one could hypnotise me and this will keep Hannah happy 
so, what have I got to lose?

At the office, Mandy gave me an icy stare as she passed me in the hall. I 
also received a few cold looks from a few of the other women in the office 
so Mandy has obviously been blabbing in the rest-room. They'll get over it.

I arrived at the appointment on time and was introduced to Julie. She was a 
stunning blond woman who sat next to me, fiddling with a gold bracelet while 
she talked. "So, Roy, Hannah tells me you want to give up smoking?"

I laughed. "Hannah wants me to give up smoking. " I kept watching the 
bracelet and she started droning on about the evils of smoking and that I 
should give hypnotism a chance. Finally, I laughed. "Julie, forget it. I'll 
give it a chance but it's not going to work on me."

She smiled and stood up. "It all ready has, Roy. Look," she said pointing at 
the clock. I was shocked, it was ten after eleven. "How do you feel?"

I shook my head. I felt great. "I feel great," I said, standing. "So, what 
happens now?"

Julie laughed. "You won't smoke again, I guarantee it."

Back at the office, I tried to make up with Mandy but she gave me the cold 
shoulder so, I went home.
Hannah called me into the study and smiled. "How did it go?"

I guessed 'it' was the hypnotherapy. "Okay, I suppose."

"Good." Then she looked me in the eyes and said, "Destiny."

I blinked my eyes, clearing them . "What did you say, dear?" I asked. I felt 
relaxed and I hadn't had a cigarette or, for that matter, even thought of 
one.

"Nothing." She smiled. "Let's go out for dinner." I looked at the clock and 
was surprised. I had been home for forty minutes but I thought I had just 
walked in the door. Oh well, it's been a long day.

The next morning, I was just about to leave for the office when Hannah 
called me. She was seated a chair in the middle of the lounge-room, dressed 
in a short black skirt, black  hose and a dark blue blouse.

"Yes, dear?"

"Roy, I'm still very angry about you and Mandy." Oh shit, that again.

"But, Hannah�."

"And I also remember what you said about needing to cum." She then looked 
straight at me and said, slowly and clearly, "Roy, darling, I want to show 
you something."

Those simple words rocked me.  Almost from a distance, I watched myself 
strip my pants and underwear down, then fall to my knees in front of her. 
"Look," she purred and I watched her painted fingernail slide up her leg 
until it reached the hem of her skirt. Smiling, she raised the skirt to 
reveal her stocking top and part of a black garter belt. "Look Roy," she 
smiled. "Stocking tops."

At those two words, my cock jutted hard from my body, my hand circling it 
and I frantically started to jerk off while she watched, laughing.

"Hannah," I cried, "what's happening?" I could control my voice but not my 
hand as it worked on my cock, building myself towards a massive cum while I 
stared at the black nylon against the white flesh of her thigh.

"Here," she said, holding a glass screw top jar, "Cum in that." I watched my 
other hand take the jar and hold it under my cock.  Suddenly, I spurted and 
spurted in to the jar, my body shaking with the release. Hannah looked at 
her watch. "Quick, as usual,' she said calmly. Then she threw her head back 
and laughed loudly.

Wiping tears from her eyes, she tossed the lid of the jar to me. "Put that 
on and put your cum in the refrigerator." Silently, I did as she said, 
wondering what in the hell happened.

When I returned, she was picking up her briefcase and car keys. I felt 
foolish, standing there naked from the waist down. "Hannah," I asked, "what 
have you done?"

"A little hypnosis, Roy. A simple command phrase that I put in your mind. 
Julie programmed you to respond to my command word and I then insert actions 
and reactions in your mind. Lovely, isn't it?"

"You bitch," I said, moving towards her.

"Now, Roy," she said mildly, "be careful. Or you could be on your knees 
jerking that pathetic little cock of yours until it falls off. I'm sure you 
wouldn't want that." She slammed the door on her way out.

Anger mixed with humiliation swept over me. I dressed and stormed off to 
work. Of course, I rang Julie but she wouldn't come to the phone or answer 
my calls. What could I do, any way? It was her word against mine.

That night, I warily let myself into the house. Worried, I had stayed out 
for a while but finally, I had to go home. I heard female voices in the 
lounge-room and I thought I could slip by without Hannah seeing me.

"Roy," she called. "Is that you?" I slowly walked into the room and saw 
Julie sitting on the sofa with Hannah. "You remember Julie, don't you?" she 
said and they both laughed. I hung my head, my face flushing. "Want to see 
his party trick?" Hannah asked Julie.

"Please, don't," I said softly but she ignored me.

"Roy, darling, I want to show you something." On those words, I had lost 
control once more. Quickly, I stripped my pants and underwear down and fell 
to my knees in front of the giggling women.

Both women raised the hems of their skirts, revealing Hannah's black 
stockings and Julies white ones. "Look Roy," they cried in unison. "Stocking 
tops!" Again, my cock leapt into hardness, my hand gripped it and I started 
jerking off, rushing towards an inevitable orgasm while both women watched, 
sipped their champagne  and laughed.

She held out the glass jar and I could see my sperm from this mornings 
episode lying in. "Here," she ordered. "Cum in that." I reached the peak, my 
body shook as I pumped my seed into the jar until I slumped, head down with 
sweat running from my face.

"Quick, isn't he," commented Julie, a broad grin on her face.

Hannah nodded, took the jar from me and held it over my head. "Don't ever 
fuck around on me again, Roy," she said softly and poured the cum onto my 
head. Humiliated, sperm dripped down my face as I stared into those cold 
eyes and I knew I had lost respect and control.

On Hannah's instructions, I moved my clothes and personal items into the 
spare room. I guess it was now my room. As I lay on the bed, I could hear 
the two women laughing and talking into the night.

The next day, I went to work as normal, hoping that Hannah had believed she 
had taught me a lesson and would now leave me alone. I had to admit that, 
for the first time, I was really afraid of her.

Things got worse  That morning, I lost a sale I had been working on for some 
time and I slumped into my chair, staring at the wall.

The office door opened and Mandy walked in, shutting the door behind her. 
Stunned, I watched her sit down cross her legs and smile at me. "Mandy," I 
said, groping for something to say. "Look,."

Mandy smiled and rested her hand on her hose. "Roy, darling, I want to show 
you something." The words rocked me, humiliation swept over me as I pulled 
my pants and underwear down and fell to my knees in front of her.

Staring up into those cold eyes, I tried to form words, to say something but 
I couldn't. "Look Roy," she sneered, revealing her gorgeous legs in sheer 
black stockings with lace tops, "Stocking tops!" My cock swelled 
immediately, the urge to cum was overwhelming and my hand caressed my cock 
in the now familiar pattern.

Gasping, I jerked and jerked, my body moving to the rhythm as Mandy giggled. 
I was getting close and she tossed me what appeared to be pink cloth. 
"Here," she laughed. "Cum in those." I picked it up. They were pink lace 
panties. "That's the closest you'll ever get to my panties again!"

I groaned as I spurted into the soft nylon, my body shuddering with the 
effort and Mandy clapped her hands in glee "I love this!" she giggled.

Exhausted, I hung my head, humiliated. Mandy stood and looked down at me. 
"Wash those panties Roy, you'll probably need them tomorrow."

Shame washed over me. "Please, Mandy," I groaned, my face crimson as I knelt 
on the floor with my pants and underwear around my shoes. "Don't do this to 
me."

"I'll do what I like, Roy!" she snapped. "Make sure you have clean and dry 
panties tomorrow. Next time, I might invite some of the other girls into 
watch."

The door slammed behind her. I was ruined.

That night I begged Hannah to stop, to remove the command. I would do 
anything, I pleaded. I followed her around, begging until she stopped . 
"Roy, get this through your head," she said, eyes glinting. "I can make you 
do anything now. I don't need your permission."

I froze. She was right, I was totally under her control and had no way of 
stopping her.

"Do you understand, Roy?" she said coldly.

Dumbly, I nodded, head bowed. It was no use.

She waited a moment for it to sink in and then said, "Destiny."

I don't know how long I was out but, after looking at my watch, I guessed 
about twenty minutes. Hannah was all ready in her room when I looked up so I 
had no idea what new command she had programmed into me.

Later, that night, I heard Hannah move from the bathroom into her  bedroom. 
She was wearing a long negligee and black stockings. "Roy," she called and I 
quickly walked in. She was seated on the side of the bed. "Roy, darling, I 
want to show you something." This time, I found myself stripping all my 
clothes off, tossing them everywhere as she watched me, smiling. I fell to 
my knees, naked, in front of her as she parted her gown, revealing a black 
garter belt and stockings, her pussy level with my face. "Look Roy," she 
whispered, "Pretty pussy."

The urge to sink my face into her cunt was overwhelming. I tenderly licked 
and kissed, sucked and rubbed while she lay back on the bed. I usually don't 
like doing this but now, I wanted to, I needed to. Finally, she came,  the 
orgasm sweeping through her as she cried out. I kept tenderly licking the 
insides of her thighs until she tousled my hair and said, "Enough, Roy."

Suddenly, I no longer needed to lick her and I sat back on my heels, her 
juices glistening on my face, my cock rock hard and throbbing with a 
desperate urge to cum.

Hannah sighed in contentment as she swept past me, arranging the gown around 
her and sat down at her dressing table.

My cocked throbbed and I needed release "Please," I whispered, begging.

Hannah turned and looked at me, still kneeling on the floor with a rock hard 
cock and laughed softly as she pulled her gown apart. "Look Roy, " she 
laughed coldly. "Stocking tops."

I stared at those tops of black nylon and lacy garter straps. Almost with 
relief, I gripped my cock and started pulling. I was excited and humiliated 
again. Gasping, I brought myself to the edge but couldn't cross over. 
Desperately, my hand flew up and down my straining cock but I couldn't cum.

I heard her laugh softly and it hit me. She's programmed me not to cum! My 
hand continued it's task but with no end in sight.

"Do you want to cum, Roy?" she smiled.

"Yes," I gasped desperately. "Yes!"

"Well, you better ask me, then."

"Please Hannah," I cried. My hand was still pulling my hard cock. "Please 
let me cum," I begged.

Hannah slowly walked over to stand over me, a black stocking in her hand. 
Disdainfully, she dropped it over my face. "Are you sure you want to cum, 
Roy?" she teased. I nodded my head, balling the black stocking in my other 
hand. "You know what to do with that," she said and I held the ball of nylon 
near my red cock. "Cum, Roy," she ordered. "Cum now!"

I groaned as I pumped load after load into the wad of nylon, my whole body 
out of my control, shaking and heaving as she watched me. Panting, I sank 
back on my heels, my cock shrinking, sweat running over my naked body and a 
sodden ball of black nylon in my hand.

"I think you should thank me," she said softly.

I kept my head bowed. "Thank you, Hannah," I whispered in shame.

"That may have to last you for a while," she threatened. "Now," she said 
sharply, "run along like a good little boy and wash that out."

I felt so low as I scrambled around picking my clothes up. Hannah sat at her 
dressing table brushing her hair and humming sweetly to herself, ignoring me 
totally.

Scrambling out the door with a bundle of clothes and a wet ball of nylon, I 
leaned against the corridor wall and wondered what she was going to dream up 
next. She was a doctor, for God's sake! Who knows what she could do to me! 
The realisation that I was totally under her control swept over me once 
again. There was no way out.

Sighing, I walked slowly to my room to wait for the new day and whatever it 
would bring. Behind me, I heard her laugh softly to herself.

I tossed and turned all night and woke with a erection. Sadly, I looked at 
my hard cock, knowing that I could not even jerk myself off to get relief 
without Hannah's commands. A heaviness in my heart, a kind of leaden 
depression stayed with me as I, first washed the stocking and then, 
showered. Every now and again, I would look down at my cock and realise it 
was not mine to control again.

Walking down the corridor from the guest bathroom with a towel around my 
waist, I could hear Hannah getting ready in her room. Today was her surgery 
day at the hospital and she always rose early, worked through to lunch and 
had the rest of the day off unless there were patient complications. Her 
door opened and Hannah stepped into the corridor, wearing a casual top and 
trousers with her long dark hair pulled back.

I quickly looked away, a small taste of fear in my mouth. "Good morning, 
Roy," she said, standing so close her perfume washed over me.

"Good morning Hannah," I mumbled.

"Drop the towel," she sharply commanded. Without hesitation, I let the towel 
slip to the floor and stood naked with my head bowed. I felt her cool 
fingers circle my cock and arousal swept over me, pulsing into full 
erection.

Her long fingers gently pulled me as I stood trembling. "Have you tried?" 
she asked sweetly. I knew what she meant and shook my head. "It's useless to 
try," she said. "You know that?" I nodded, my ragged breathing loud in the 
corridor.

I knew my place. "Please Hannah," I whispered as she continued to softly 
stroke me. "Can I cum?"

She laughed. "You are learning. Do you really want to?" she teased.

"Please Hannah," I begged.

She laughed cruelly. "Remember, Roy when you said you had to cum often?" She 
didn't wait for an answer. "Well, it's not going to be as often as you'd 
like." She dropped her hand to her purse, leaving me gasping with a hard 
throbbing cock.

She looked at my bobbing cock and pointed at my groin. "You know Roy, I 
think I can see a grey hair or two there. That won't do. Shave it all off." 
Startled, I looked into her eyes and she smiled coldly. "Do you want me to 
program you to do it?" I slowly shook my head.

She walked to the top stair and started walking down. "And keep it shaven, 
Roy," she said over her shoulder. "I want it smooth as silk." She was still 
laughing when she walked out the front door.

I almost cried. Picking the towel up, I slowly walked back to the shower, my 
still hard cock bobbing in front of me. Standing in the shower, I cut my 
pubic hair as short as I could, the hairs raining down my legs and onto the 
tiled floor. After liberally spreading shaving cream over my lower stomach, 
groin and balls, I carefully started the slow task of shaving. All through 
this long process, my cock bobbed obscenely in the white shaving cream, 
still hard and almost mocking me for what I had become.

After showering again, I examined myself in the mirror. Somehow, my hairless 
cock and balls seemed even more naked, even more obscenely exposed. Still 
hard, I desperately needed to cum and, giving into that need, I frantically 
tried to jerk off but couldn't seem to find the right grip or the right 
rhythm. Trying again and again, I realised I just could not do it. Dam her, 
I cursed! Giving up, I slumped naked and shorn on the bathroom floor, a 
small tear running from my eye.

What's next, I wondered?

My newly shaven cock and balls felt strange in my trousers as I drove into 
the office. Even stranger still when I walked with my shorts rubbing against 
my cock, giving me a hard-on. Great, I thought bitterly.

I had sat in my office for just a few moments when Robert, my sales manager 
knocked and strolled in.
"Good morning Boss."

"Is it?" I snapped.

He raised an eyebrow. "Oh, like that, eh? Well, I guess I'm going to make it 
worse. I'm quitting, Roy."

"What!"

"Sorry but Bensons are offering me equity and a bigger bonus."

"Bensons!" They were our biggest competitors.

"I'll finish up on Friday." I sat stunned as he walked to the door. "The 
gang are having a few drinks at Cassidy's Friday night. Come along. You look 
like you need the R&R." He closed the door behind him and, groaning,  I held 
my head in my hand. How would I replace him?

A few moments later, the door opened again. I looked up as Mandy shut it 
behind her, grinning down at me. "Hard day, eh?"

She didn't wait for an invitation but sat down in the chair in front of the 
desk. Watching her cross her long legs in black stockings caused my bald 
cock to stir in my pants. I kept my eyes from meeting hers and waited.

"So," she began. "Robert is leaving our happy little group." It wasn't a 
question. "Look at me, Roy," she snapped and I quickly looked into her 
smirking face. "I want his job, Roy. Starting next week."

"But�.."

"I can do the job. The team knows I'm the best salesperson. You know that 
and I deserve a promotion."

"But Mandy, I can't�.."

"Yes you can!" she barked and then smiled coldly. "Do you want me to call 
Hannah and tell her you won't promote me?" I gulped. That was the last thing 
I wanted. I can't tell any more how Hannah would react to anything and I 
wasn't going to take any chances. "Do you?" she demanded and I silently 
shook my head. I heard her uncross and cross those lovely legs again and 
lean back in the chair while I stared at the desk top.

"Shit, Roy, look up at me!" I raised my eyes and she smiled at me. "Afraid 
of me, Roy? Afraid of what I know? I can tell you this," she leered, " I 
spoke to Hannah this morning. She tells me you are learning new skills."

I blushed and she laughed as she stood up, straightening her short grey 
skirt. "Announce my promotion today, Roy. Understand?" I nodded and she 
smiled in victory. "I'm going to have a celebratory lunch ," she said, 
placing a card on the desk. My eyes fixed on it as she tapped the card with 
a long red fingernail. "Lunch at this hotel. I want you to get a room there 
at one thirty, phone me on my cell phone and tell me the room number. You 
got that!"

"But�"

"No buts, Roy. Phone me with the room number and wait in the room for me." 
Mandy walked to the door and turned, gloating with her power over me. "I 
want to test those new skills that Hannah told me about. See you." She 
slammed the door behind her.

Gloomily, I stared at the card. What choice did I have? It suddenly occurred 
to me that I had no choice in anything any more. My mind has been tampered 
with and my body was now controlled by Hannah, Mandy and who knows who else 
is going to be let into this. Mandy had threatened to bring the office girls 
to watch. At least  I've been spared that humiliation for now.

Resignedly, I reached for the card to call the hotel to reserve the room.

I arrived at the hotel on time and self consciously checked it. The room 
wasn't too bad, a nice view and a stocked bar.

Mandy was obviously still in the restaurant and having a great time when I 
called her. It suddenly occurred to me I didn't know who she was lunching 
with and who could come up to the room with her.

After about an hour, I heard a tap at the door. Heart pounding, I slowly 
opened it. Mandy, flushed with wine and victory, leaned against the doorway 
with arms folded. Her large breasts pushed against the silk of her blouse. 
As she pushed past me into the room, her sweet perfume lingered and my cock 
stirred hopefully.

"Nice room," she commented, dropped her purse on the table. I nervously 
waited, watching her. She casually unbuttoned her blouse and hung it in the 
wardrobe, her large breasts captured by a lacy white bra. "Roy, darling," 
she said. "I want to show you something."

My control left me and, once again, I performed a lewd and desperate dance 
as I stripped myself naked, clothes flying around the room until I 
collapsed, kneeling in front of her.

Mandy giggled and unzipped her skirt, revealing a white garter belt, white 
lace panties and black stockings. She was beautiful. Sensually, she slid the 
panties down, stepped out of them and sat delicately in a large easy chair 
in front of me. With a grin, she looked down at my hard cock, jutting from 
my shaven groin. "So smooth, Roy. So naked," she whispered and I blushed.

With a sigh, she settled back in the chair and let her long legs slowly 
drift apart. My eyes fastened on the red hair of her pussy as her long 
finger caressed it and I could see wetness on the puffy lips. "Look Roy," 
she whispered. "Pretty pussy."

With joy, I tenderly sank my face into that glorious pussy, soaking up the 
sweet smell and tasting her essence. I had to lick, no, I needed to and I 
abandoned myself to her cunt. There was no sense of time as my tongue 
explored, caressed and teased her pussy.

Suddenly, her hand seized the back of my head and pulled my face into her as 
she groaned and then screamed with pleasure. I kept licking delicately her 
inner thighs as she fell back "Enough, Roy," she gasped and the obsession 
with her pussy instantly left me, leaving me with a hard cock waving from my 
bald groin and her juices glistening on my face.

Mandy tousled my hair. "You are learning, aren't you," she stated as she 
languidly picked up her panties and wiped her pussy. "You never used to do 
that." I waited, sitting on my heels, hoping that she was going to allow me 
relief.

She stood up and cleared some items from a small round table. I gaped at her 
in her white bra, garter belt and stockings as she beckoned me. "Bend over 
the table, Roy," she ordered and I did, crushing my hard cock into the table 
top. "Open wide," she said, holding my chin while she forced her wet panties 
deep into my mouth.

I felt her pushing her pussy against my buttocks and her breasts against my 
back, forcing me harder against the table. "I just love having you spread 
over the table like this," she whispered in my ear, her long hair tickling 
my shoulder. "So naked and so open."

Startled, I looked back at her smiling face over my shoulder. They were 
words similar to ones I'd used when I'd fucked her in my office. "Hannah 
knows about this," she whispered in my ear. "All of it. She wants details. 
You accept it now or be programmed for it later." Suddenly, I felt nervous.

"Don't move," she warned. I felt her push away from me and the rustling of 
clothes. "I'm glad you still wear this stupid belt, Roy," she said coldly 
and I heard clothes drop to the floor. "I just love the little studs on it," 
she giggled and I heard her flick the belt.  "Better not disturb the 
neighbours," she said lightly from a different position behind me and the 
sudden rush of sound from the television made me jump. Some afternoon talk 
show was on with loud cheers, jeers and tears.

She was back pushing into me again, grinding her pussy against me and 
driving my hard cock into the table. The belt trailed across my shoulders 
and I was, suddenly,  very afraid. I've never been what you would call, a 
tough man and I was always afraid of pain. "You screwed me for nine months," 
she whispered in my ear. "In more ways than one. I think one for each month, 
don't you agree?" she hissed, waving the belt in front of my eyes..

My eyes widened with fear and I strained to look back at her. "Mmff," I 
mumbled through the panties, trying to ask her to stop.

"I'll take that as a yes," she said, her hot breath in my ear until, 
suddenly, she pushed away and the TV volume doubled.

I never even heard the first stroke but I sure felt it as a fierce red hot 
pain slashed across my buttocks. The panties in my mouth chocked my startled 
yelp. Cheers and applause resounded from the TV.

"Two," she cried and the next slash cut deep into my buttocks and I cursed 
the stupid decision to wear a decorative belt.

By the fourth stroke I was trembling in pain, my hands gripping the edge of 
the table and tears forming in my eyes. The fifth stroke had me groaning 
continually into my panty gag and by the seventh I was sobbing 
uncontrollably, my cries gasping into the panties as I surrendered 
completely to the pain.
I don't remember her stopping but I saw her walk into the bathroom with her 
clothes over her arm as I sobbed on the table.

Finally, my sobs faded but the burning pain on my buttocks remained as I lay 
there. Suddenly, the TV sound disappeared and Mandy, dressed, appeared next 
to me, the room key dangling from her hand. "All dressed," she said. "No 
panties though," she laughed. "You would've like that in the old days, 
wouldn't you, Roy."

Mandy walked to the door. "Say goodbye, Roy," she ordered. Gingerly I 
straightened up and, as I turned to face her, I was amazed to see I still 
had a hard cock. She pointed to the floor in front of her and I hurriedly 
knelt.

"Look, Roy," she laughed as her hand slid her short grey skirt up her black 
nylon legs and I knew what was coming. I just hoped I would be able to cum. 
"Stocking tops," she giggled as she revealed the lace tops of her stockings. 
Gasping into the panties, my hand seized my hard cock and I started pumping. 
Mandy tossed her head back, laughed loudly and walked out the door, shutting 
behind her.

I couldn't believe it! She had left me in the room! There I was, naked, 
whipped buttocks, shaven crotch, panty gag and jerking myself off with no 
hope of cumming or even stopping until I was commanded to. What if the maids 
came in? Room service? Worse still, the police?

Humiliation, fear and loneliness swept over me.

So I remained kneeling  in front of the hotel room door, jerking myself off 
, for what seemed a terribly long time but was probably only ten minutes. Of 
course, being so dam horny, my manipulations brought me to the edge of 
orgasm quickly but, because of the command imprinted in my mind, I could not 
cum.

Groaning into the panties in my mouth, I looked down at my tireless hand 
jerking my poor red cock and wondered where it will end when I heard voices 
in the corridor outside my room. Soon whispers and female giggles and the 
sound of the key in the lock. I'm not a religious man but I prayed. Please 
God, don't let this be the maid or room service. Please!

The door swung open and Hannah and Julie slipped in. Both were in tennis 
outfits, white sleeveless tops and short white pleated tennis skirts with 
tennis shoes and socks. The both had tennis racquets which they dumped next 
to the door and I guessed they had been playing on the hotel courts. Did 
they have lunch with Mandy, I wondered?

The door closed. "Can't keep his hand off it," observed Julie.

"His cock has ruled his life," said Hannah. "He can't say no to it."

"Apparently not," replied Julie.

"Mmf," I spluttered through the panties. I wanted to stop! My cock was 
getting sore and so was my wrist.

"Enough, Roy," commanded Hannah and my hand ceased it's motion. I slumped 
forward in relief as Hannah and Julie sat on the sofa, side by side, amused 
looks on their faces.

"Come here, Roy," ordered Hannah. "And take those panties out of your 
mouth." They both collapsed in laughter as I sheepishly removed the panties, 
dropping them on the floor.

Gingerly, I stood up and moved in front of them. To my embarrassment, my 
cock remained hard and throbbing. Julie crossed her legs and my eyes were 
drawn to the top her long legs poking from the short tennis skirt. Julie saw 
my glance and smiled.

"What do you think of his new look?" Hannah asked Julie, pointing at my 
shaven crotch.

"Nice," the blonde woman said. "Turn around," she ordered. "Wow!," she 
exclaimed when they saw my whipped buttocks.

"Oh, Roy," Hannah laughed, "you're going to hurt for a few days. Mandy 
certainly walloped you."

"She needed to, didn't she," Julie said.

"Had to get it out of her system," agreed Hannah.

"Did you cry, Roy?" mocked Julie and I nodded my head, blushing with shame.

"A good cry into the panties in your mouth?" Hannah said and they both burst 
into laughter.

"Gotta get a shot of this," laughed Julie and I heard her rustling in her 
bag. Suddenly there was a click. They had taken a photograph! I felt so 
humiliated, so helpless. "Turn around," she ordered and there was another 
click.

"Get down, Roy," Hannah commanded and I knelt in front of them. "That is 
your position with us from now on. Understand?"

"Yes Hannah," I replied, eyes lowered and face burning with shame.

Hannah laughed softly. "Still learning. I like that."

"I want another picture," said Julie. "Hold your cock, Roy and start 
jerking. Now look up. Smile,' she teased. Click! "Enough, Roy," she ordered 
and I stopped jerking, letting my hand fall to my side.

Julie placed the camera down and lay back on the sofa, next to Hannah, legs 
slightly apart. My cock throbbed as I stared at her long brown legs, peeking 
from the short white tennis skirt. "Ordering him about is sooo sexy," she 
murmured and Hannah moved closer to her, smiling down at me.

With one short movement, she leaned over Julie and kissed her. I gasped in 
shock as Julie responded and for a few moments, the passionate kiss 
continued until Hannah pulled away. Julie lay back on the headrest of  the 
sofa, eyes closed and blonde hair spilling around her beautiful face.

Hannah lightly caressed the top of Julies legs and smiled coldly at my 
shocked face. "I should thank you, Roy. If you hadn't been fucking around 
with poor Mandy, Julie and I wouldn't have, shall we say, gotten to know 
each other as well?" She laughed softly. "And she's such a beautiful woman, 
isn't she Roy?" I nodded dumbly and watched them kiss again.

In a moment, Hannah broke away and returned to caressing Julie's brown 
thigh. "We went to the powder room before we came here, Roy," Hannah 
whispered, "and took our panties off. Julie is naked under this short 
skirt."

My cock bobbed and Julie's head rolled to the side onto Hannah's arm, a 
sensual look on her face, eyes still closed. I was so aroused. "Stark naked, 
Roy," Hannah continued, her long fingers teasing the hem of the pleated 
skirt.  Julie's legs parted as Hannah slid the tennis skirt up revealing 
Julie's pussy. She was shaven, completely bald pussy, and I stared at the 
puffy lips surrounded by nothing but skin! I had never seen anything so 
arousing and compelling in my life.

"Julie likes the clean look," murmured Hannah as her fingers lightly 
caressed Julie's thighs. "Look, Roy," she said. "Pretty pussy."

I fell forward at the command, my mouth yearning for those naked pouting 
lips. She was all ready aroused and wet, her juices flowing freely as my 
dutiful tongue tenderly licked, probed, explored and tunnelled her pussy. 
Through my obsessive stupor, I vaguely sensed Hannah and Julie kissing each 
other passionately above me as I worked slavishly on Julie's pussy.

A hand seized my head and pulled me into her pussy as her legs closed around 
me. "Oh, Hannah," Julie cried out and moaned as she came. Of course, I kept 
caressing her pussy and inner thighs with my tongue with long gentle strokes 
until Julie said, "Enough, Roy."

The urge left me and I sat back on my heels, looking up at the two women on 
the sofa. Julie had straightened her skirt and that beautiful shaven pussy 
was hidden from my view. Hannah was laying back, looking down at me with 
half closed eyes and breasts rising and falling. I knew that look, she was 
so aroused.

Julie leaned over and kissed her deeply, her fingers stroking Hannah's 
breasts through the tight tennis top. Hannah moaned slightly and Julie 
leered at me as she pulled Hannah's tennis skirt up around Hannah's waist. I 
watched Hannah's legs fall apart to reveal her bush, her pink lips poking 
wetly through her black pubic hair.

"I love all this hair," Julie said softly as he long fingers ran lightly 
over Hannah's pussy. Suddenly, with one short motion, Julie slid a long 
finger into Hannah's pussy. Hannah moaned slightly at this penetration, her 
head lolling back onto Julies arm.

Julie coldly held my eyes as she worked her finger in and out of my wife's 
pussy. In and out, in and out, all the while gloating at me as Hannah 
moaned. "She loves this, doesn't she?' she whispered to me and I couldn't 
look away.

With a faint plop, she removed her finger and wiped it on my cheek. Julie 
leaned back and pointed at Hannah's cunt. "Look, Roy," she laughed. "Pretty 
pussy." Compelled once again, I fell into Hannah's glorious pussy, licking 
and caressing as usual while Hannah and Julie passionately kissed above me 
on the sofa.

It didn't take long. Hannah must have been terribly aroused and she came 
with a rush, screaming loudly while Julie held her. After a moment, they 
commanded me to stop and I l sat back to see the two beautiful women 
embracing on the sofa, whispering softly to each other.

Soon, they disengaged, stood up and walked hand in hand to the bathroom with 
their hand bags. I heard running water, giggles, voices and laughter behind 
the closed bathroom door and after about twenty minutes the returned.

"Look, Roy," Julie said, sliding her brief tennis skirt up. "Panties back 
on."

I gaped! Julies panties were so sheer, I could see her pussy lips flattened 
against the transparent fabric.  "Julie is such a tease on the tennis 
court," giggled Hannah.

The panties were sheer white with a white lace trim around the legs and I 
drooled. "Looks like he loves my panties," said Julie and dropped her skirt.

Please, " I begged. "Please let me come. I need to come," I pleaded. "I've 
learnt my lesson."

Hannah's eyes narrowed. "Have you? I don't think so, Roy. I can't trust 
you." She glanced at Julie who smiled and Hannah said, "Destiny."

When I came out of the trance, I was standing in front of the two women. 
"What did you do to me?" I groaned. "What now?"

"Just changed a few commands," Hannah said and Julie giggled. "It's simple, 
Roy. You must obey Julie and myself with out question." She coldly looked 
into my eyes. "Understand?" I nodded. It was hopeless.

"And Mandy," Julie added.

"Yes, of course. Julie, Mandy and myself. Total obedience. Now get dressed."

As I picked up my clothes, Julie added, "And no underwear, Roy." I dropped 
my shorts on the floor. "I like to think of your poor hard cock sliding 
around in your pants." They laughed and, totally humiliated, I dressed.

As we walked out the door, Hannah scooped up the panties and my shorts, 
stuffing them in her bag.

I followed them out the door. They walked arm in arm, tennis racquets under 
their arms down the corridor while I followed a step behind.

Three women, laughing and talking were coming in the opposite direction. 
They were wearing a t-shirt commemorating a conference in the hotel and they 
had obviously enjoyed wine and drinks with their lunch.

Julie stopped, a wicked grin on her face. "Hannah," she said, smiling, "I 
think we've been too cruel on Roy. I think we should let him cum." She 
tilted her head at the three women walking towards us and Hannah laughed 
suddenly.

I blushed. I had no idea what was going to happen but I knew I wouldn't like 
it and  it was, probably, going to be very embarrassing.

"Hi, ladies," Julie greeted the women in a cheery voice, smiling. "Enjoying 
your conference?" A chorus of replies. "I wonder if I could ask your help?" 
she said innocently. The three women looked at each other and stopped.

"What kind of help?" a black woman asked.

"It'll be fun," promised Julie. "I'm Julie, by the way, and this is Hannah."

"Hi," Hannah said.

The women smiled and nodded back and the black woman introduced her 
companions. "I'm Serena. This is Wendy," she said and a shorter woman 
smiled.

The last woman jumped in. "Hi, Lisa,"  she introduced herself. They turned 
and looked at me.

"That's Roy," Julie said dismissively, moving closer to the three women. "We 
had a little bet on the tennis court. Roy here," and the turned to look at 
me, "bet we could not get 10 serves in a row in on the first serve." They 
looked questioningly at her. "If we couldn't, we were supposed to do 
everything he said. And I guess we all know what he would have got us to do. 
I guessing he wanted to screw both of us at the same time. You know men!"

"Yeah, they all dream it," said Serena. "but can't do it."

"Can't satisfy one woman," said Lisa. "Let alone two." All the women 
laughed, looking at me and I blushed again.

"Of course, we said if we did, he would have to do what we said!" Hannah 
said.

"And what happened?" Wendy impatiently asked.

"Can I ask you a question?" Julie said quietly with a mischievous smile on 
her face and they all nodded, leaning forward to hear. "Have you ever seen a 
man play with himself?" There was an instant of shock on the faces of the 
three women and then suddenly, they all burst into laughter with Hannah and 
Julie smiling.

Still, laughing all the women stared at me and I hung my head, blushing 
shame.

"He lost?" Lisa asked between laughing. "You going to make him do that?"

Hannah and Julie nodded. "In front of as many women as possible. You in?"

"You bet," Serena said, still giggling. Wendy and Lisa nodded.

"Where?" Lisa asked.

"He," Julie said,meaning me, "got a room. It's just down the hall."

"He was pretty confident," observed Wendy.

"The fool!" Serena said. I could tell she didn't like me.

"Shall we go?" Julie asked, smiling, leading the way back to the room.

The five women walked down the corridor, giggling and stealing glances at me 
as I reluctantly followed them into the room.

"Make yourselves comfortable," Hannah said as Julie pulled a bottle from the 
bar.

"Look, champagne!" She popped the cork and the women filled glasses and, 
when they ran out of glasses, coffee cups with champagne. They settled into 
the sofa and chairs then turned  to me.

"Well, Roy," said Hannah, smiling coldly at me. "Time to honour your bet."

"But, Hannah," I protested weakly, "I don't�."

"Stop whining, Roy," Julie interrupted. "A bet's a bet. Now, get your 
clothes off." A chorus of giggles at that remark.

"Betcha he wouldn't have listened to you girls if he won," snapped Serena.

Slowly, I stripped off my clothes. "Look," gasped Lisa as my bald groin slid 
into view.

"Hmm," murmured Wendy. "The bald look. That will get itchy."

"Not if he keeps it shaved." I kept my eyes lowered as I listened to the 
giggles and the comments.

"No underwear," said Julie, obviously enjoying the game. "He was prepared 
for action."

"Turn around," commanded Hannah and, as I turned, a few gasps from the 
audience.

"Why, Roy," Julie asked innocently. "What happened there?"

"Mandy," I mumbled.

"What?" Hannah demanded. "Speak up."

"A woman spanked me."

They all burst into loud laughter. "It's not his day, is it," laughed Lisa.

"Look," Serana pointed at my cock. "He's hard. He's enjoying this!"

"Let's get on with it," Julie said in a business-like tone. Turning to the 
others, she asked, "Do we want him standing or kneeling?"

"Standing," Lisa called.

"Yeah," Wendy agreed. "We can see better." As Serena nodded her agreement, 
Hannah caught my eye and I saw a slight flicker of concern in her eyes  but 
was quickly replaced by a cold look. No mercy there, I thought. They had me 
and I could do nothing about it.

"I prefer kneeling," Hannah said coldly, " but not everyone would get a good 
view, so let him stand."

"Ok, then," Julie said. "Start jerking off, Roy. But don't cum until we say 
so." As if I could anyway, I thought as I slipped my hand around my hard 
cock and started masturbating. There was a hush as I started jerking off but 
soon, a few giggles were heard, followed by loud laughter and, finally, lewd 
comments.

"Pump it, boy!" Wendy called.

"Jerk off!" Serena sneered.

"Look up, Roy," called Julie and I raised my blushing face and was met by 
five pairs of laughing eyes. Julie had the camera. Click! Click!

I was trembling on the edge again very quickly and I looked imploringly at 
Hannah and Julie. Click!

"I thought they liked to jerk off with pictures?" Lisa said.

"He doesn't need pictures," laughed Wendy. "He's got us!"

They all laughed at that and Serena hiked her skirt up a little and I stared 
at her long black legs. "Like these, little boy?" she sneered and the women 
laughed.

"I think he's close," warned Lisa.

"It was these dam fine legs," Serena said and they laughed again.

"Ok," Julie took charge and wrote something on a piece of paper. "On the 
count of three, we say this," she said, passing the piece of paper around. 
"Everybody got that?" They all nodded and leaned forward to watch me. I was 
gasping as my hand flew up and down my sensitive cock. No longer caring 
about the humiliation, I just wanted to cum.

"One," Julie began. "Two. Three!!!"

Everybody shouted, "Cum, Roy!"

The sensation rolled through me and, because of the period of complete 
denial, I erupted with a force that made me cry out. Eyes closed, head 
tossed back, I pumped load after load of cum from my straining cock as sweat 
rolled down my face and my chest. Click!

Finally, it was over and, as they hadn't used any trigger words to make me 
jerk off, I could stop by myself. I slowly removed my hand and hung my head 
so I wouldn't have to look at the laughing women. Humiliation swept over me 
and I wished I could just fade away.

"Look, it's starting shrink all ready," Lisa broke the silence and there 
were a few giggles.

"Go get a wet towel, Roy," Hannah said, "and clean that mess up."

"Remind me never to check into this room," Serena said and they laughed.

"Unless they steam clean the carpets,"  Wendy said. More laughter as I slunk 
into the bathroom.

They said they're good-byes as I knelt on the floor and wiped up my cum from 
the carpet.

"Thanks, girls," said Lisa. "This has got the conference off to a great 
start!"

"Sure has," agreed Wendy. "Here's my card. Give us a call if you've got any 
more fun ideas. We're in town until Friday."

"Ok," Hannah said, smiling down at me as I knelt naked, cleaning the carpet. 
"You never know."

Finally, they left and Julie inspected my work. "That'll do," she said. "Get 
dressed."

"I have to go back to my surgery to check tomorrows lists, Julie," Hannah 
said. "Can you take a cab home?" She paused."  Wait a minute," she said. 
"Roy can take you home."

"Fine," said Julie and tenderly took Hannah's hand. Gently, the kissed. "See 
you soon?" Julie said huskily.

"Tomorrow," promised Hannah in an equally husky voice and quickly slipped 
out the door."

"Come on, Roy, "Julie ordered. "You can check out of this dump."

The hotel lobby was busy with conference delegates lining up to check in. 
Serena and company must have checked in early to have a little party 
together before the formalities. Well, they got something different, I 
thought and blushed at the mental image that suddenly formed.

It was some sort of retail conference and the delegates came from all over 
the world. The language difficulties together with the usual reservation 
errors meant checking out was not that easy.

Julie took one look at the line and said, " You take care of this, Roy. I'll 
be over there." She waved her hand at the lobby shops next to the coffee 
lounge.

It took almost forty minutes to finally get the bill, pay it and get out of 
the milling crowd of delegates in front of the reception desk. I looked 
around for Julie but couldn't see her as I scanned the shops.  As I turned 
towards the coffee shop, I saw her perched on a stool and sipping coffee 
while reading a magazine, some small packages next to her. My eyes were 
drawn to her long legs and the short tennis skirt and, as a mental image of 
her transparent panties flashed into my mind, my cock stirred against the 
metal of my pants zipper.

She spotted me and waved me over while finishing off her coffee. "You can 
carry those," she said and walked off towards the elevators. Scooping up the 
small packages, I scurried after her.

We took the elevator down to the car park and I pointed towards my BMW. 
"Give me the keys," she said. "I'll drive." Tentatively, I held out the keys 
and she unlocked the car, slid into the drivers seat. "Get in," she snapped. 
Placing the packages in the back seat, I clambered in next to her, shutting 
the door behind me.

She slid the keys into the ignition but didn't kick the engine over. 
Instead, she sat back into the seat and looked at me. "You're in a hell of 
situation, aren't you?"

I felt a sudden surge of hope. Maybe she was going to release me, erase the 
commands and let me get back to my life! Maybe she saw that hope in my eyes 
because she smiled. "Don't think I'm going to let you get back to normal 
'cause I'm not."

My face fell. "Why? What have I done to you? Why are you doing this?"

She leaned back and smiled again. "I'll explain it to you, Roy," she said 
calmly, "and what I'm going to tell you here, you will not tell Hannah. Or 
anyone else," she added. "Understand?"

I nodded.

"It's very simple, Roy. I love Hannah."

"But so do I!"

"Do you? I don't think so or you wouldn't have screwed around. But, " she 
said, waving dismissively, "I don't care what you feel. But I do care what 
Hannah feels and right now, she still has a little affection for you."

"She loves me!" I protested.

Julie laughed. "I don't think so. Why would she do the things she has?"

"She's angry with me."

"Yes, Roy, she is. And I'm going to keep her angry with you and I'm going to 
reduce you to nothing. In her eyes you will become nothing more than an 
object of derision. A slave."

I was horrified. "You can't"

"Can't I? Just watch. I'm going to humiliate you, beat you until you are no 
longer a person worthy of her. And, believe Roy, she will see you that way! 
She'll think of you as nothing more than an obedient animal."

"I'll go away!" I pleaded. "We'll get a divorce!"

"I can't wait for that and I can't let Hannah start thinking about you and 
your relationship. No warm memories to make her change her mind. No messy 
property settlements. No, I'm going to break you, to reduce you to a pet. 
You've lost her, your life, your control and I've won. End of conversation." 
She smiled coldly. "Do you understand?"

"Yes," I heard myself say.

"You are our toy. What are you?"

"I'm your toy." My throat felt blocked and I felt like crying. My life was 
destroyed.

"Now," she said, smiling broadly. "Pull your pants down around your ankles."

Without question I unbuckled my stupid belt, raised myself slightly and 
pulled my pants down completely to expose my cock and shaven balls. My 
buttocks hurt again as I sat back down.

"Good," Julie said, smiling at my embarrassed look. "You liked my panties 
before. Look." With that she spread her legs and raised her skirt. As I 
stared at those sheer panties and her bald pussy lips spread against the 
transparent fabric, my cock rose into full height. Smiling in satisfaction, 
she rummaged in her bag an pulled the camera out. "Start jerking off," she 
commanded. Click! Click!

"Ok," she said, putting the camera away. "Enough." I stopped and waited. 
Julie leaned over and pulled the seat belt over my arms and locked it in. 
Reaching into the rear seat, she produced a thin pink ribbon from one of her 
packages. Giggling, she tied a bow around the base of my twitching cock.

"Now, my little slave is about to be shown off." She smoothed her skirt 
down, slipped her seat belt on and started the engine. Laughing softly, she 
reversed out of the car space and roared up the ramp into the street.

As I blinked in the late afternoon sun, I felt horribly exposed. My cock 
remained hard and was plainly visible as we drove down the street.

"Please," I pleaded. "Don't do this to me." I cringed in the seat.

Julie laughed. "Spread those legs. I want everyone to see your shaved balls 
and the ribbon!"

We drove next to a large off road vehicle with a women driver who casually 
looked down. I blushed as I saw the startled look on her face replaced with 
laughter and she turned to talk to someone else in her vehicle. "Look," said 
Julie, pointing. "A school bus."  The lettering on the bus said it was an 
exclusive private girls school. "Let's give them a peek," Julie laughed and 
I wanted the ground to swallow me up.

We slowed down as we drove past the bus and I saw teen aged girls pointing 
and laughing at me as I winced in embarrassment. Totally humiliated and 
defeated, I slumped in the seat as we drove around the city.

Soon, Julie tired of her game and she drove to her apartment. After she 
parked the car, she took a few more humiliating photos. "Hannah and I will 
love looking at these, showing them to our friends," she said.

As she gathered her things, she threw a flat package onto the seat next to 
me. "Wear those to work tomorrow," she said. "No underwear. No socks. Got 
it?" I nodded resignedly. "And," she added laughing,  "keep the ribbon on. 
'Bye, 'bye, toy," she sneered as she left the car.

It took me a few moments to get free of the seat belt and to pull my pants 
up over my be-ribboned cock and stinging buttocks. Curiously, I opened the 
package she had left behind. Pantyhose! Black, sheer to waist pantyhose! I 
stared moodily up at her apartment building and wondered what she had in 
store for me next.

Hannah wasn't home so I slunk into my room and, exhausted, fell asleep. As 
usual, I woke with a hard-on  but, this time, also with a ribbon around my 
cock. I removed the pink ribbon in the bathroom and shaved my crotch as well 
as my face. Wincing in pain from my whipped ass, I stepped into the shower.

As I was drying myself after my shower, I heard the 'phone ring and then 
stop as Hannah answered it. Sighing, I retied the ribbon around the base of 
my cock, finishing it in a bow as Julie had done. I felt ridiculous.

Back in my room, I picked up the pantyhose packet and studied it. Black, 
sheer to waist, extra-large. I'd seen women put pantyhose on before so I 
vaguely knew what to do. Seated on the edge of the bed, I slipped one foot 
in and then the other, standing to pull the pantyhose up and around my 
waist. The sensual feel of the pantyhose made me hard, the tight nylon 
pulling my cock against my belly.

I was pulling on a white shirt when Hannah, dressed in her robe, walked in. 
She laughed when she saw the pantyhose and laughed louder when she saw the 
pink ribbon around my cock. "When Julie told me, I just had to see it," she 
said. I guess I knew who had just been on the 'phone. "You look stupid," 
Hannah continued, hands on hips. "Turn around." I did and I heard her laugh 
again. "Still sore?" she asked and I nodded. "Good," she said. "Follow me."

She strode back to her bedroom and I sheepishly followed in the pantyhose 
and my shirt. It was strange feeling the pantyhose on my legs and cock, 
somehow arousing.   "Lose the shirt," she said when I walked into her room 
and I hung it over the door knob. Laughing, she pointed at my cock. "I love 
the ribbon. Julie is wicked!" She sure is, I thought. You just don't know 
how wicked.

She sat on the bed, pointing at the floor and I knelt in front of her. 
"Julie got me so hot talking on the 'phone. She said to use you like the 
pussy licker you are. What are you?" she snapped.

"A pussy licker," I said, looking down.

Hannah pulled her robe apart. She was naked underneath and I stared at her 
hairy pussy, the pouting lips and the sweet musky aroma. "You know what I 
want," she said huskily. "No trigger words any more, you have do what I say. 
Let's see what you've learned. Lick me," she commanded.

Slowly, I moved my head between her thighs and let my tongue delicately move 
over the tops of her thighs and lightly over her puffy lips. Her juices were 
flowing and I wondered what Julie had said to get her so aroused.

It seems I had learnt how to lick pussy as she started to cum after a few 
moments of my probing tongue started its journey over her clitoris. My face 
was ground into her wetness as she moaned and groaned through her orgasm.

Suddenly, she pushed me away and I sprawled on my back on the carpet, 
sending pain through my whipped ass. "I don't know how I once loved you, 
Roy! Get out of my sight!" She pulled the robe around her and stalked into 
her bathroom.

I scooped up my shirt and dragged my feet back to my room to dress. The 
pantyhose under my trousers felt warm and strange. I thought the section 
showing under my trouser cuffs would pass for socks so it shouldn't be so 
obvious I was wearing hose.

Mandy was all ready in and in Robert's office. She must have pushed him out 
and he probably didn't care. Not even bothering to knock, Mandy walked into 
my office, carrying her diary and a folder of papers, shutting the door 
behind her. "Off that seat," she said and I quickly got off my chair and 
watched as she casually sat behind my desk. As she crossed her legs, I stole 
a glance at her long legs in sheer black nylons and her short black skirt.

"I've organised the sales team to focus on these high net worth areas. 
Forget the low market stuff! And I've started an advertising campaign. We're 
getting serious!" She looked up and smiled. "I hear you've got some serious 
accessories." I blushed. " Drop your pants!"

Unbuckling my belt, I let my pants drop to my ankles. As Mandy started 
laughing, I stole a nervous glance out the window. My office was three 
floors up but people in the other building may be able to see me.

She started giggling when she saw the ribbon and my hard cock squashed 
against my belly. "Still painful?" she asked as I followed her finger 
directions to pirouette.

"Yes," I said.

"Excellent. And I think you should call me Ms Munro from now on. A sign of 
respect. Understand?"

"Yes Ms Munro," I replied, humiliated.

"Put your pants and shoes over there," she waved at a shelf and I followed 
her instructions. "Now, go and tell Lorraine that we are in conference and 
will not be disturbed until lunch.

I gulped. Lorraine was our receptionist that sat near the door to my office. 
I couldn't go out there dressed in pantyhose, white shirt and a tie! But I 
had no choice.

Mandy enjoyed my discomfort for a while but showed some mercy as I started 
walking to the door. "Open the door and stick your face around the corner."

Relieved, I did just that and Lorraine, a pert nineteen year old, just 
waved.

"I let you off then. I won't do it again."

"Thank you Ms Munro," I quickly said. I didn't want to have to parade 
through the office dressed like this.

"Where's your contact list?" I quickly pulled the book out from the drawer 
and gave it to her. "Good. All the phone numbers are here," she said, 
flicking through the address book.  "Get under  the desk," she ordered.

I slid under the desk and she uncrossed her legs and opened them to my eyes. 
Black stockings, no panties and a lovely red haired pussy.

"Lick me," she ordered. I moved closer, pulling myself completely under the 
desk, and started gently using my tongue on her pussy.

Above me, she picked up the 'phone and punched in a number from the book. 
"Mr Jones? This is Mandy Munro from Coast Realty." Pause. "I'm fine. You? 
That's good. I'm ringing to let you know I will be your new contact at Coast 
from now on. No, Roy's Ok. He's just moved into a new position." A slight 
giggle. "He's got other details on his mind now. I've been appointed the new 
manager and I would love to meet with you. Next Thursday?" I heard rustling 
as she must have written the date into her diary. "Great. See you then."

"Mmm," she said leaning back in the chair and I looked up at her from under 
the desk, my tongue at her pussy. "That's your place from now on." She 
picked up the 'phone and started working through all the names in my contact 
book while I caressed her pussy with my tongue. Mandy was nowhere near 
cumming but was enjoying the feel of my tongue and the sight of me on my 
knees in pantyhose.

Sometime later, I was still under the desk, licking, my jaw aching when I 
heard the office door open. I cringed in shame. "Mandy?" I heard Lorraine's 
voice.

"Yes, Lorraine?"

"There's a Julie here to see Roy. Where is Roy?" she asked in a puzzled 
voice.

"Under the desk."

"What!"

"I'll explain later. Send her in." I didn't hear the door close and wondered 
if any part of me could be seen from the reception area.

"Hello, Mandy."

Mandy pushed me away, straightened her skirt and moved to greet Julie. 
"Julie," she said and I guessed they hugged each other.

"Where is he?"

"Under the desk," Mandy replied and they laughed.

"Get out here, toy," Julie ordered and I crawled out. Thankfully, the office 
door was closed.

"Toy?" Mandy laughed. "I like that."

"Stand up," Julie said, then laughed. "The ribbon is great, isn't it?" she 
said to Mandy.

Mandy nodded. "I like it. Do you like it, Toy?"

"No, Ms Munro. I feel stupid."

Julie raised her eyebrow. "You are training him well. Do you have scissors?" 
Mandy pointed to a pair on the desk and Julie picked them up. "Here, Toy, 
cut the crotch of your pantyhose so we can see the ribbon." I cut a circle 
out of the pantyhose. "Bigger," Julie instructed and I cut further.  I stood 
still for their inspection, my hard cock standing out from my shaven groin, 
now totally exposed with the pink ribbon around the base of my cock clearly 
visible.

"That's better," said Mandy threw the piece of pantyhose into the waste 
basket as both women dissolved into giggles. When they'd recovered, Mandy 
asked Julie, "Now, the reason for your visit?"

"Yes, I want to take the Toy out. Is that a problem?"

"Not at all. There's no real work for him here any more. I'm moving into 
this office and the new sales people will need Robert's old office so take 
him for as long as you like." I hung my head at that news. Not only had I 
lost respect and control but, now, my business as well!

"You're really moving along," Julie said admiringly.

"This will be an all female office. Except for the Toy, that is." They 
laughed again.

"Ok. Get dressed, Toy, " Julie said and kissed Mandy on the cheek. "Thanks."

I followed her out, trying to ignore the strange looks and giggles from the 
staff.

We left in Julies car and drove in silence  to a nearby shopping mall. "Take 
the necktie off," she said as she walked off and I pulled it off, dropping 
it on the car seat.

I followed her into the mall, watching her wonderful ass move in her short 
skirt. Today, she was dressed in a loose cotton top, short casual skirt and 
sandals with no stockings. With her long blonde hair pulled back, she looked 
fresh and non-threatening but I knew better.

Julie walked into a pet store and took a thin pink leather dog collar off a 
rack. "Try this for size," she said and I looked at her in puzzlement. 
"Around your neck, stupid!" she snapped and I quickly slipped it on, much to 
the amusement of the young woman behind the counter. "Kneel," she said and I 
did, drawing amused stares from a few of the people in the shop. I blushed 
in shame as Julie fastened the collar. It was tight. "Good," she said, 
undoing the collar and moving to the counter. "Come on," she ordered and I 
stood next to as the young woman looked me up and down in amusement.

"You've got him trained," she said to Julie.

"He's still got a way to go. Do you have those little identification tags 
for collars?" Julie asked.

The woman showed her a pink metal disc. "Like this? Matches the collar."

"Can you engrave it?"

The woman nodded. "What do you want on it?"

"Toy."

"Toy? T-O-Y?"

"Yes. I'll pay for it now and pick it up later." Julie paid and I followed 
her out, cringing in humiliation.

Next stop was a nearby women's hairdressing salon. As it wasn't busy, Julie 
got a spot straight away but the plump woman who ran the place was surprised 
when Julie explained I was the one getting the hair-cut. I looked at Julie 
in horror. I liked to keep my dark hair reasonably long. I've been told, one 
of my good points.

Julie smiled coldly at my expression and pointed at the chair. With a 
sinking feeling I sat down and the hairdresser who introduced herself as 
Darlene, prepared me.

"Now," Darlene looked at me in the mirror, "what would you like?"

I opened my mouth but Julie spoke up. "Don't ask him. He does what I say." 
Darlene looked at her with interest. "Isn't that right?" Julie snapped at 
me.

I nodded. "Yes," I murmured.

"Speak up!"

"I do what she says," I said in a broken voice

Julie nodded in satisfaction and then instructed Darlene. "I want it very 
short and lightened. No sideburns."

Darlene blinked in amazement. "Well," she said slowly, "that's a different 
look. Really different."

"I want him to look different."

Darlene shrugged. "You're the boss."

"I'll be back in a little while," Julie told Darlene then stared at my 
reflection in the mirror. "You obey Darlene in every way. Understand?"

"Yes, Julie," I replied and Darlene slowly shook her head, a sly grin 
appearing on her face as Julie walked out.

As she ran a brush through my hair, she asked," You'll do what I say?"

"Yes," I said woodenly.

"What a pity we're not somewhere private," she laughed. "Oh well," she 
sighed and started cutting. I felt like crying as I watched my hair fall to 
the floor.

I was staring at the finished product in horror when Julie appeared in the 
reflection behind me. "Look's great," she smirked. My hair was now a much 
lighter and very, very short, almost like a yellow skull cap. I looked so 
different, I doubted anybody who knew me would instantly recognise me.

Darlene took the money and then coughed nervously, glancing at me and back 
at Julie. "Eh, um," she began. "He really does everything," she paused. "You 
know, everything.....?" She trailed off and Julie smiled.

"Oh yes. Everything!" She laughed and Darlene blushed. Then Julie whispered, 
"I could lend him to you if you like?" Darlene fidgeted nervously. "I'll 
give you my card," smiled Julie. "Call me if you want to have a chat. Or, 
maybe, borrow him." She winked and strode out with me hurrying after her, my 
head feeling strange and a little cold in the new hair style.

Back to the pet shop. "That's different," the young woman observed, staring 
at my hair.

"A new style," agreed Julie. "Have you finished the engraving?" The woman 
held up the pink leather collar with a pink metal disc attached with 'Toy' 
was engraved on it. "How pretty!" exclaimed Julie. "Just right. Kneel," she 
commanded and I did. Luckily, this time the shop was empty.

Julie fastened the collar around my neck and then produced a small gold 
padlock which she used to close the collar permanently. She tossed the keys 
to the young woman. "Throw those in the trash for me, please." The woman 
looked surprised and stared down at the keys lying on the counter. How would 
I get the collar off, I thought desperately. "Thanks for your help," Julie 
said to the woman. "Bring those with you," she ordered, pointing at some 
packages which I picked up and I followed to her out into the mall.


Julie led the way into a small restaurant, selected a table and sat down. I 
sat opposite her, conscious that the collar and tag could easily be seen 
when the waitress arrived.

"I'll have the fish special, thanks," Julie said. "With a glass of white 
wine. He'll," she said looking at me, "have a small green salad and a glass 
of water." The waitress shot me an amused look and walked away. "Hungry?" 
Julie asked, writing on a small piece of paper and slipping it into an 
enveloped.

"Yes," I said quickly.

"You'll have to hurry then."

"What do you mean?" I asked, afraid.

"To get back to Darlene."

"Darlene? What for?"

"I want you to ask her if you can show her your cock." My mouth dropped 
open. "When you have shown her and anybody else that wants to look, and only 
after, give her this note." She slid the envelope across the table.

"Julie, please," I begged. "Please don't make me do this. Please."

"I'm sure Darlene will enjoy it. She seemed interested. If you're not back 
by the time I've finished my food, you miss out and you'll stay hungry." I 
stared into those cold eyes and knew I had no choice.

Darlene seemed surprised when she saw me walk back into the hairdressing 
salon. She was just seeing a customer out when I arrived and she shut the 
door, turning back to me. "Yes?"

I looked around the salon at the remaining customers and the other 
hairdressers. Blushing, I moved closer. "I've been sent to ask you....."

"Yes? Go on."

"If you would like to see my cock." It rushed out and I stood, waiting, 
avoiding her eyes, thoroughly humiliated.

Darlene was taken aback but recovered quickly. The plump woman looked around 
the salon. "Here? You mean here?"

"If you want," I mumbled, looking down as shame swept over me.

She cleared her throat and then licked her lips. "Follow me," she said and 
led me into a small kitchen and storage area. Sitting down on a canvas 
chair, Darlene crossed her thick legs and lit a cigarette, the butt quickly 
stained by her thick red lipstick.

"Ok," she said. "Let's see it."

I dropped my pants around my ankles, stood naked from the waist down except 
for the pantyhose and the ribbon and hung my head in embarrassment. 
Suddenly, much to my humiliation, I felt my cock stir and quickly grow hard. 
I can't find this exciting, I screamed to myself! I can't! But my cock 
remained hard and twitching.

Darlene puffed on her cigarette and studied my cock. "Well," she said 
throatily, "It's been a while."

"Here," I said, handing her the envelope and watched her open it. Silently, 
she read the note, looked at me and put it back in the envelope.

"Tell her yes," she said. Yes what, I thought? What did this fat woman agree 
to? I reached down for my pants. "Wait," she ordered, stubbing the cigarette 
out in an ash tray, reaching into her handbag and retrieving her lipstick. 
Uncapping it, I watched in horror as she drew bright red lipstick on the 
swollen head of my cock. The sensation was incredible and I wanted her to 
keep going as much as I wanted her to stop. A few girlish giggles escaped as 
she performed her task until the head of my cock was bright red.

I buckled my pants and left the salon, my cock hard in my pants. Julie was 
halfway through her fish and a small green salad sat in my place. She raised 
an eyebrow and I  said, "She said yes."

"Good," Julie smiled, sipped her wine and watched me. "How's the lipstick?"

I blushed in shame. "Please, Julie," I whispered, "don't do anything else to 
me. I've learned my lesson. I promise."

"This is not about lessons. I thought I explained. You'd better eat up." I 
reached for my knife and fork and she shook her head. "No, toys don't use 
those. Use your hands."

Blinking back tears of humiliation I clumsily ate the salad with my hands, 
much to the disgust of the other diners and to the amusement of the 
waitress.

"Hungry, isn't he?" the waitress observed.

"No style," agreed Julie, watching me eat with a cold smile.

"What's with the collar?"

"Just proves I own him," Julie said, handing her credit card to the 
waitress. "Show her your tag," she said to me and I embarrassedly, showed 
it.

"Toy," said the waitress reading the engraving. "I see," she said, taking 
the bill and the credit card away.

Julie led the way back to the car while I followed with the packages. Where 
next, I wondered fearfully? What will they do to me now?

I was surprised when she drove to her apartment. Up three flights of stairs, 
carrying the parcels while she took the elevator. She had told me I had to 
lose a little weight so regular exercise was important.

Once inside the apartment, she motioned for me to place the parcels on the 
bench. "Strip," Julie said while she rummaged in one of the parcels, pulling 
out a pair of brief white swimming briefs. "Like them?" she said holding 
them up.

"I don't know," I answered obediently, naked with that stupid ribbon around 
my cock and the head of my cock painted bright red with lipstick.

Julie laughed so much at the lipstick on my cock that she had to wipe a tear 
away from the corner of her eye. "Fantastic!" she gasped. "How do I think of 
these things!" Still laughing, she pulled the camera from her bag. "Hannah's 
going to love this!" Click! Click!

Julie then tossed me some tissues. "Wipe it off," she commanded and I got 
most of the dammed stuff off. God, I wished I could jerk off, I needed to 
cum

"Assume the position." I took that meant to kneel so I did while she 
produced a pair of scissors and started cutting the lining out of the 
swimmers. "I took a guess on your size," she said and suddenly giggled.

I cleared my throat." Julie," I began," and she looked down at me. My throat 
was dry, my cock was hard and I felt humiliated having to ask. "Can I please 
cum?"

"Horny, are we?" she sneered and I nodded. "You haven't even seen my panties 
today. Would you like to see them?" she taunted.

A mental image of her transparent panties from yesterday leapt into my mind. 
I nodded. "Ask," she demanded.

"Julie," I begged. "Can I please see your panties?"

A small victory smile played on her face as she lifted her short skirt to 
reveal black lace panties. My cock throbbed. "Like them?" she whispered.

"Oh, yes," I moaned. "Can I please jerk off?"

"And cum?" she teased.

"Please! Please!" I begged. "I need to!"

She dropped her skirt hard look on her face. "No," she stated coldly. "You 
don't deserve to."

"Please," I moaned. "I'll do anything!" I sobbed.

"You will any way," she sneered and my heart sank while my cock bobbed and 
waved in front of my bald crotch.  "Here, stand up and try these on. You can 
take the ribbon off."

As I struggled to pull the swimmers on, I realised they were a little small 
but I finally got them on. They were so tight, the outline of my hard cock 
and bald balls was visible and the lack of a lining made it worse. It was 
more obscene than being naked.

"Turn around," and, as I did, she laughed. "You red ass still shows the 
whipping. Good."  Pointing at the floor, she said, "Wait here," and walked 
to another room. Sighing with frustration, I knelt on the floor.

A little later, she returned, looking stunning in a black one piece swimming 
suit. Hair pulled back and sun glasses perched on her head, she produced a 
red lipstick. "Hold still," she ordered and she applied the lipstick to my 
mouth while I knelt in front of her.

Julie studied her handiwork. "Perfect. Come here," she beckoned to a full 
length mirror and I cringed in embarrassment when I saw the reflection. It 
wasn't me any more. Short blonde hair, red lipstick, pink collar and tight 
white swimming briefs with the shape my cock clearly out lined. I felt 
humiliated. Click! Click! More pictures of my down fall.

"What are you going to do?" I whispered, fearful of her next commands.

"You need exercise," she smiled. "A little swim. The pool is on the first 
floor. You can walk down while I take the elevator."

I gasped in horror. "No, Julie, please."

Her steely gaze showed no mercy. "Get going."

Nervously, I slipped into the corridor and into the stairwell. Heart 
pounding, I slowly walked down the two flights without seeing anyone, much 
to my relief. Julie was stretched out on a recliner, sunglasses on, when I 
crept out to the pool deck. To my embarrassment, I saw there were some women 
in bikinis lounging around the pool and I heard whispered comments and 
giggles.

"Come here, toy," Julie said loudly and there were more giggles. "Rub my 
back with oil," she directed.
I poured oil onto my hands and started rubbing her smooth back. "Now my 
thighs." My cock stirred in it's tight prison as I rubbed the oil into her 
long legs.

Julie looked down at the outline of my hard cock. "Looks like you need 
cooling off," she said. "Swim a few laps."

Gratefully, I slipped into the pool and swam up and down a few times. I 
stood up and looked around for Julie. She beckoned me and I climbed out of 
the pool to the grins and wolf whistles of the group of women. Face burning, 
I looked down. The swimming briefs had become almost transparent and my cock 
and balls were exposed.

Julie laughed. "Come here, toy and massage my feet." Crouching next to the 
recliner, I dutifully massaged her feet while my ears burnt from the giggles 
and laughter coming from the other group.

Finally, one of the women, dressed in a yellow bikini stood looking down at 
me while I massaged. "He always do what you want?" she asked and Julie 
nodded, grinning.

"Stand up, toy," she ordered. "Show her your butt." I turned around and the 
woman whistled, a broad smile on her face. The other women gathered around 
and giggled.

"I like his briefs," one of them commented.

"And his collar," another commented while I stood in humiliation.

Julie stood up and gathered her things. "I've got to go upstairs. You can 
keep him for a while, if you like." The women looked uncertainly at each 
other for a moment "Don't worry, he will do everything you say. And I mean 
everything."

"Ok," said the women in the yellow bikini. "Sure!"

Afraid, I looked pleadingly at Julie but she ignored it. "Toy," she 
instructed, "you are to obey these ladies and do everything the say. 
Understand?"

Hanging my head, I murmured, "Yes, Julie," and she walked away, leaving me 
alone.

The women cheered and for the next hour, I massaged, rubbed oil and got 
drinks for the women. Most of the time, I had a hard cock and they took 
great delight in watching me get hard, then making me swim to help me lose 
the erection. Then, it would start all over again.

Finally, they demanded I pull the swimming briefs down and they laughed at 
my shaven balls. I wished the ground world swallow me up because, at that 
precise moment, Julie returned with the camera. Click! Click!

At last, I was allowed to pull those tight white swimming briefs up and 
follow Julie to the car. She had piled some packages and boxes in the back 
seat but I couldn't see my clothes. Right now, I would even welcome the 
pantyhose back.

"Please, Julie," I asked tentatively. "Can I get dressed?"

"You are dressed," she grinned. "Get in."

Julie drove to my house and, maliciously, she went through town so I was 
stared at by people in other cars and had to suffer much finger pointing and 
jeering. Every now and again she would raise her skirt to show me her black 
lace panties to make me hard in my revealing swimming briefs. It was 
embarrassing but, finally, we made it to my house. Or, should that be, 
Hannah's house now?

She made me carry all the boxes in and, conscious of my ridiculous outfit, I 
moved quickly and managed to complete it all in just two trips.

Once inside, she started preparation for cooking while I, under her curt 
instructions, set the table for two and arranged wine glasses and candles in 
the centre of the table. Soon, food was cooking in the oven and I knelt in 
the corner as directed while Julie enjoyed a long hot shower. I was 
conscious of my own body odour and wished I could shower but it didn't seem 
to be an option.

Julie took ages in the shower, so long my knees began to hurt, but when she 
emerged, it was worth it. Smelling sweet and looking beautiful, she appeared 
in a short tight black dress, black stockings and high heels with her long 
blonde hair hanging free on her shoulders. I knew I could not compete with 
the vision she presented and, what's more, she knew it as well!

Pouring a glass of white wine, she arranged herself on the couch, her long 
legs clad in sheer black nylon. "Time for more exercise. I think about 
twenty push-ups. Get started!"

I managed to complete the twenty but was covered in sweat at the end. Sweat 
ran over my body and pooled around my balls and ass, caught by the tight 
white swimmers.

She studied me as I lay panting on the floor. "You can take those off now." 
With relief, I pulled the soaked swimmers off and knelt back on the floor, 
naked. "Rub yourself," she ordered. "Get all that sweat from your balls and 
ass on your hands. Quickly!" I did as I was told and soon my hands were 
covered in the sweat from my balls and ass. "Now, rub it on your face and in 
your hair." Puzzled, I followed the instructions, wondering why.

Placing her wine glass on the coffee table, Julie pulled some leather cuffs 
from a bag. Following her directions, I put them on around each wrist and 
each ankle. Each one was padlocked shut and, then, Julie connect the 
wrist-cuffs to my collar with a thin chain and I found it impossible to move 
my hands below my waist. I couldn't even touch my cock!

Two other chains were connected to the ankle cuffs and back to my arms and I 
found myself in a position where I could only crawl as I could not 
straighten up. Bound into an animals position.

Julie smiled down at me and I tried not to peek up her short skirt.  
"Comfortable, toy?" she laughed, squatting next to me with a rasp of nylon 
and I strained for a glimpse between her legs. I felt the bridle-like object 
being strapped around my head before I saw it. A round object was forced 
into my mouth and the straps fastened tightly behind me. "Mf?" I tried to 
protest but it was too late. I was silenced and confined to the position of 
a dog!

As I crouched on all fours, I felt her move behind me, the rustle of 
packaging and Julie's fingers coating my ass with something wet. "Little 
puppy," she said as her fingers caressed my cock and soon I was moving, on 
all fours, pumping my hard cock in her hand and hoping she will let me 
spurt.

Then I felt it! Something against my ass, pushing, insisting and painful. 
"Ugghhh!" I cried into the gag as I felt the object move into my ass. Tears 
formed in my eyes and I tried to push away but gripped my balls hard, 
causing me more pain as she mercilessly forced the intruder completely into 
my ass. Violated and humiliated, I slumped on the floor as tears ran down my 
face

A leather belt was locked around waist and thighs to keep the object in 
place and I felt her stand beside me. "I've won. Look at you," she said 
quietly with a touch of pride. "You smell like an animal, you're on all 
fours like pet puppy and you have a tail. Accept your new life, toy!" I 
looked behind me in horror and saw a looping tail of fake fur protruding 
from the plug in my ass!

Laughing, she picked up her glass and sauntered to the patio door. I stared 
at her shapely ass in the short figure hugging black dress and her long legs 
through tear filled eyes. Sliding open the door, she beckoned me. "Come 
here, puppy." I crawled over, my ass sore and conscious of the tail waving 
from side to side.

Julie pointed at the small patch of lawn next to the patio. "If you want a 
piss, you'd better do it now. There won't be another chance." I looked at 
her in horror and tried to talk through the gag while she stared at me 
coldly over the wide rim of her wine glass. With a sinking heart, I knew I 
had no choice and I did need to piss.

Gingerly, I crawled on all fours over the patio, grimacing as my knees were 
scraped and crouched on the little patch of lawn. Luckily, the patio and 
lawn area was shielded from the street by a wall so I had some privacy.

How do I do this, I thought? I can't hold my cock so I tried to raise a leg 
and let go. The stream of piss splattered into the lawn, spraying on my legs 
and some drops reaching my stomach. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Julie 
casually leaning against the doorway watching with amusement.

Finally, I finished and slowly crawled back to the house, my tail waving. 
"Good puppy," Julie said and, bursting into laughter, she went into the 
house and I followed.  She was standing in the centre of the room, legs 
apart and I felt a twinge of fear as I saw she was hiding something behind 
her back.

Crouching in front of her, I waited. "Down," she ordered and, all resistance 
gone,  I slumped on my side. Julie, legs apart, stood next to me and my eyes 
travelled up the sheer black nylon of her legs to her crotch. I could just 
see her sheer pantyhose but no sign of panties in the shadow up her dress. I 
had been aroused for so long without relief, the idea of looking up her 
dress caused my cock to surge into hardness.

"Puppy's on heat," she smirked squatting next to me and her long fingers 
gently stroked my cock. Her touch was electric and I trembled. I so wanted 
to cum and I made muffled sounds of pleading through my gag. Julie produced 
a half inch wide strip of black dressmakers elastic and slipped it around 
the middle of my cock. In embarrassment, I noticed it had a small bell 
attached to it.

"There," Julie said, standing up. "A pet bell to tell us where our toy is." 
Her cold eyes stared at me and she said," Destiny."

When I returned from my trance, I worriedly looked up at her and she smiled. 
"Oh, don't worry," she laughed coldly, "I'll tell you what I've done. I've 
removed the blocker that prevents you from reaching orgasm." My eyes must 
have shown my delight and she smirked. "The only problem is that you can't 
reach your cock, can you? You'll have to rub against something like the 
little puppy you now are. And when you do, you'll be admitting to Hannah and 
I that you are exactly that, our little mindless puppy!"

I was finished, all resistance had left me. Julie attached a lead to my 
collar. On all fours, my cock bell tingling, I followed her to a corner and 
she attached the lead to the refrigerator handle. "Now, puppy," she said. 
"You wait there for Hannah to come home. And I want you to behave when we 
have our dinner or there'll be trouble."

I lay whimpering in the corner, my ass stinging from my tail plug and my 
jaws hurting from the gag. Julie ignored me, readying the meal until I heard 
a car drive into the garage. Julie rushed into the bathroom and started 
running the bath.

Hope surged within me! Hannah would take pity on me, I knew it! She had to!  
Julie stood by the door, turned to look at me with a smile and raised her 
dress! She was wearing sheer black pantyhose with no panties and my cock 
sprang into hardness.

The door opened and Hannah walked wearily into the room and smiled at the 
glass of wine offered by Julie. "What a nice surprise," she said, taking the 
wine.

"Here's another," Julie said, kissing Hannah passionately. They broke away 
and Julie, taking Hannah's hand, led her towards me. "Come see our new pet," 
she said. Hannah saw me then , her eyes widened in shock and I felt elated. 
Hannah would free me! She would hate what Julie has done to me!

Dropping Julies hand and moving closer, she looked down at me. I tried to 
make pleading looks with my eyes as Julie slipped her arms around Hannah's 
waist and looked over Hannah's shoulder at me. "Doesn't he look gorgeous?" 
she whispered in Hannah's ear.

Hannah started giggling, tried to stifle her giggles with her hand but gave 
up, laughing loudly. "My god! He's a dog!" she exclaimed.

"Meet toy," Julie said, laughing herself and I knew I was defeated. It was 
hopeless.

Hannah knelt to look at me holding my bridle as I tried to move my head from 
her gaze. "He looks so different and," she screwed her pretty face, "he 
smells. Phew!"

Hannah stood and Julie held her again as they looked at me. "He's just an 
animal," Julie said and I hung my head. "Get up, puppy," she commanded and I 
did as Hannah dissolved into giggles again.

"A tail!" she said in disbelief but laughing.

"Move your tail, puppy," Julie said and I knew I had to obey. Tears were 
starting to form in Hannah's eyes as she watched me moved my tail from side 
to side. "Look," said Julie pointing at my hard cock. "he's enjoying this. 
Ring your bell, puppy," she said and I twitched my cock .

Hannah burst into laughter again at the sound of the bell and turned around 
to face Julie. "Julie, you are so wicked," she said, looking deeply into the 
other woman's eyes.

Julie took Hannah's hand and slid it up her skirt to her crotch. "Feel just 
how wicked I am," she whispered.

"Your pantyhose is soaked," murmured Hannah. "You're so wet."

"Aren't you?"

"You'll have to find out," she whispered and I watched as Julie's hand slid 
up Hannah's skirt.

"Oooooh," moaned Hannah and leaned into Julie. I was so aroused, my cock 
throbbed and the bell rang.

"We're ringing puppy's bell," murmured Hannah and they giggled as they 
hugged each other.

Julie held Hannah at arms length. "I've prepared you a nice hot bath. Why 
don't you enjoy that bath, we have a nice dinner and then..?" she raised an 
eyebrow.

"Do I have to wait that long?" Hannah said softly and Julie nodded, smiling 
broadly. "You're such a tease," protested Hannah. "But," she added with a 
smile, "I love you for it."

Julie gave me a victorious smile as she led Hannah off to the bathroom. 
Hannah did not look back. Not even once. I realised that, with a falling 
heart, I was no longer important to my wife. All love had transferred to 
Julie and I was an object, a thing of derision.

Julie returned and tinkered in the kitchen, preparing the meal while I 
crouched next to the refrigerator, watching her. My eyes were glued to her  
long, pantyhose covered legs as she moved around the kitchen, bending over 
the oven and bench top. My cock bell tingled a lot and Julie looked over 
every now and again, smiling at my hard cock.

She brought a cardboard box from the den, placed it on the coffee table and 
then brought the plates of food to the table as Hannah, fresh and perfumed 
in a simple dress, walked in.  She was in bare feet and looked down at the 
dinner table as Julie lit the candles. "Nice," she said. "You're wonderful."

"Just what you need after a long day," Julie said, offering a glass of wine.

Julie clicked my lead free from the collar and joined Hannah at the table. 
For a few moments they ate in silence.

"This is wonderful," Hannah said and Julie beamed in pride.

"Thank you. I enjoyed preparing it for you."

Hannah looked over at me and smiled. "You certainly prepared him!"

Julie smiled back her. "My gift. Your own puppy." They both laughed and 
then, Julie called, "Come here, puppy." I crawled over to the table as the 
women giggled when the bell tingled.

Hannah beckoned me and I crouched next to her. "Good puppy," she laughed and 
patted me on the head. Julie called me and I crawled to her and she looked 
at me seriously. "Would you like me to take your bridle off?" I nodded 
vigorously, my jaws aching. "If I do, puppies don't talk unless we allow 
them to be a special talking puppy," she said.  Hannah laughed as she sipped 
her wine, watching me. "And special talking puppies always call us Mistress. 
Understand puppy?" and I nodded again. Her cool fingers ran over my face as 
she removed the gag and, at last, I was able to close my mouth.

"Down," said Julie pointing at the carpet next to the table. "Puppies put 
their heads down," she reminded and I lay my head on the carpet, almost 
under the table.

They ate in silence for a while, with quiet, smouldering looks passed across 
the table. Just the clink of cutlery and glasses.

"I've put his wallet, car keys etc in that box," Julie said to Hannah, 
pointing at the box  on the coffee table "Puppy's don't need that stuff," 
giggling again.

"I'll cancel it all. What's in the envelope?"

"Souvenirs," Julie said, standing up and returning to her seat with a large 
envelope. "Photographs of the days events." When she sat down, she swivelled 
her legs slightly towards me and let them drift open.

While they examined the photographs of Julie had taken of me with  gales of 
laughter, I quietly moved forward, trying to look up Julie's dress. I knew 
she didn't have panties on and I could just make out her crotch in the sheer 
pantyhose. I strained to see more, my cock pulsing in hardness.

I was suddenly aware of silence at the table and, just as my cock bell rang, 
I realised they were watching me, smiling.

"He's trying to look up my dress," explained Julie.

"Naughty puppy," Hannah giggled.

"Here, puppy," Julie said, moving her chair back and stretching her long 
legs out after slipping her shoes off. "Come here."

My mouth dry, I crawled closer and crouched on all fours in front of her as 
Julie slid one foot between my legs. I looked into her cold smiling eyes 
and, remembering what she had said when she had reprogrammed me, realised 
what she was doing. But I didn't care any more, I needed to cum!

Julie spread her legs and hiked her dress up to reveal her bald pussy in the 
sheer black pantyhose. The bell rang loudly and I felt the my cock touch her 
leg.

Staring at her pussy enshrined in the pantyhose, I found myself rubbing the 
sensitive underside of my cock against her nylon covered leg. Faster and 
faster I humped, groaning and staring at her pussy lips flattened against 
the nylon gauze.

"Look," said Hannah. "He's humping your leg like a dog!"

Julie smiled down at me as I slid my slippery cock up and down against the 
nylon of her pantyhose. "I told you he likes being a puppy," she said as I 
got closer to the edge of orgasm, my eyes fixed on her pussy.
Trembling, thrusting in and out, rubbing myself against the nylon, I pumped 
load after load of cum onto her leg with a anguished groan of pleasure. It 
had been so long!

Humiliated, I looked down while Julie stared at the cum dripping from the 
black nylon of her pantyhose. "Naughty, puppy," she scolded, her eyes 
glinting. "Lick it up." I looked at her in shock but saw no pity in her 
eyes. Bending down, I gingerly licked up my cum, swallowing quickly as the 
salty taste dominated my mouth.

"Yuck!" exclaimed Hannah.

Julie rearranged her dress and that wonderful pussy disappeared from view. 
She placed her plate on the carpet. "Here you are, puppy," she said, 
grinning. "Some scraps." Humiliated even more than I thought possible, I 
crouched over the plate and ravenously ate up the scraps while the women 
watched and giggled. Hannah's plate was placed on the floor as well and the 
women drank wine and chatted while I ate my scraps.

Pushing their chairs back, they took their glasses of wine and walked hand 
in hand up the stairs to the bedroom as I watched them go. I heard giggles 
from upstairs and I blinked back the tears.

A few moments later, Julie bounded down the stairs in her stocking feet. 
"Wait, my love," she called up the stairs. "I forgot to put the dog out."

The lead was snapped onto my collar and she led me to the garage where she 
fixed it to a pipe near a rough bed of rags next to Hannah's Porsche. With a 
quick movement, the bridle and the gag was reapplied and, once again, I was 
silenced. "I don't want you barking all night and disturbing us," she 
grinned.

I looked up at her as she stood, hands on hips, grinning down at me. "So, 
toy, you proved me right. Just as I knew you would. This," she said, pulling 
her dress up to reveal her pantyhosed pussy, "drives you crazy." A tiny 
laugh of victory. "I guess you know by now that humping our legs is probably 
as close to our pussies your miserable cock is going to get! Sleep tight." 
Laughing loudly, she flicked the light off and stepped back into the house, 
closing the door behind her.

I felt miserable. My ass hurt from the butt plug and tail but, worse than 
the physical pain, I felt mentally lost and shamed. In one short week I had 
lost everything! Now, I had nothing and was nothing in the eyes of my wife.

Settling down in my bed of rags in the darkness and dreading the morning, I 
cried myself to sleep.
I woke early, stiff, sore and anxious to relieve myself. Straining my ears, 
I couldn't hear any noise in the house. Striving to make a noise, I 
whimpered into my gag. I needed to piss and shit but I needed someone to 
remove the tail butt plug.

Finally, I heard a noise, the connecting door opened and Hannah, wrapped in 
her robe, looked down at me. Smiling coldly, she dropped a bunch of small 
keys in front of me. "Unlock yourself, shower and shave as usual. Yes," she 
answered my unspoken question, "you can remove your tail," she laughed. 
"But,", she added, "clean the plug and bring your tail to my room. Now," she 
snapped, "be quick!" As I scrambled for the keys, I watched her sweep away.

I groaned as I, at last, stood up straight and could move my jaw freely. 
Unfortunately, there was no key for the collar.

Gingerly, I pulled the butt plug from my ass and grimaced at the sight of 
the dirty device. Holding it carefully, I ran up to the bathroom where I 
cleaned the plug, relieved myself and started shaving my crotch and face.

At least, with short hair, it didn't take a lot of time to dry after the 
shower. I also thought it safe to replace the elastic and bell around my 
cock. Nervously, I tapped on the door to her room, tail butt plug in the 
other hand and waited for the command to enter.

"Come in," Hannah said through the door. She was seated up in the bed, her 
long black hair cascading over the pillows stacked behind her as a support. 
A lump under the bedclothes next to her told me where Julie was. "You 
remember yesterday's instructions about talking?"

"Yes Mistress," I answered.

"Good. Put your tail on the dressing table. It is clean, isn't?" she asked 
quickly.

"Yes Mistress," I replied and lay the tail on the dressing table.

"Take a good look at it, toy. You upset me or disappoint me again and you 
will be back as our puppy. Next time for a long period."

"Maybe forever," I looked around and saw that Julie had pulled her self up 
and cuddled next to Hannah, her long blonde hair spilling over her naked 
brown shoulders.

"Now," instructed Hannah. "We would like breakfast in bed. Hurry!" My cock 
bell rang as I scurried from the room and the giggling women.

When I returned with the tray, Julie was brushing Hannah's hair and the bed 
linen had fallen to reveal her wonderful, bouncing breasts. I gaped at her 
large breasts, my cock growing hard and Julie smiled at me as she tenderly 
brushed Hannah's hair.

Hannah noticed my gaze and smiled. Those beautiful breasts were once mine to 
hold but were no longer. "Put it there," she said and I placed the tray next 
to the bed.

I stood, naked with my cock bell, next to the bed and waited. Languidly, 
they rearranged themselves in the bed to eat their breakfast. Munching on 
some toast, Hannah gestured downstairs. "Get down stairs and clean the 
kitchen and the other rooms. I want them spotless!"

Dismissed, I headed downstairs and spent the next few hours completing the 
housework, naked. The telephone rang a few times but was quickly answered 
upstairs.

Soon, I heard them coming down the stairs. They were hand in hand, Hannah in 
a cream blouse and blue jeans and Julie in a black business suit with black 
hose. At the bottom of the stairs, Julie kissed Hannah. "I'll be back soon."

"Hurry back," replied Hannah.

"About an hour and a half. That's all." They kissed again and Julie walked 
past me to the door. "Goodbye, toy," she said. "Enjoy the morning," she said 
with a laugh and left.

I went back to work and tried my best or, so I thought. I finished in about 
an hour and  I stood waiting for instructions.

Hannah inspected my work and found it wanting. "What's this!" she demanded 
at some scuff marks on the kitchen cupboards. "And this?" she pointed at the 
front of the refrigerator. She moved around the kitchen finding more and 
more and becoming more and more angry.

I started to panic. "I'm sorry, Mistress," I began hesitantly.

"Shut the fuck up!" she roared. "Who asked you to speak?" Hannah stood with 
hands on hips in exasperation. "What a half assed job! No attention to 
detail! Pathetic! I was looking forward to relaxing with a book in a clean 
house. Now, I'll have to clean up after your pathetic attempt at cleaning!"

"But, Hannah," I protested and she slapped me hard across my face!

"Mistress to you, you pussy licker!" she screamed and I tried to move back 
but she grabbed my cock. Despite the fear I was feeling, her touch made me 
hard.

She felt my growing cock, looked down and sneered at me. "You really get off 
on this! Don't you?"

Her hand started moving up and down my cock. "Yes, Mistress," I whispered, 
hoping she would let me cum. I'd do or say anything to cum.

Suddenly, she pulled me towards the garage and I had no choice but to follow 
as she dragged brutally on my cock. Hannah flicked the light on and her 
black Porsche glinted in the light.

With a hard shove, I found myself face down on the hood, my hard cock bent 
against the cold metal of the car while I heard Hannah scramble in the 
corner where I had spent the night. She was picking up the harness and 
bridle as well as some rope and my heart sank. I don't want to be a puppy 
again, I moaned to myself, but, strangely, my cock grew harder at the 
thought of it.

"Follow me, toy," she snapped and I hurried after her and up the stairs to 
her bedroom, my cock bell tingling. With alarming precision, the wrist cuffs 
were fastened and joined with lengths of rope. The rope was then tied to the 
curtain rails and I found myself facing the window curtains with my arms 
raised , starlike over my head.


Hannah forced my mouth open and the gag and bridle were strapped around my 
head. Once again, I was silenced. To my horror, she pulled the curtains back 
from the floor to ceiling window and I looked down on the street. A family 
was walking down the footpath and a car drove past. Could they see me? I 
tried to shrink back but couldn't.

With a flick, Hannah turned the light off. "They can't see you now," she 
said. "But, I can turn the light back on at any minute."

I looked out onto the street and saw Julie's car turn into the driveway just 
as I felt the first swat on my ass. I yelped into the gag and Hannah 
laughed. She brandished her tennis racquet and she hit me again. My ass was 
still sore from Mandy's belting and the tail butt plug so the swipes from 
the racquet hurt even more.

"I put up with you and your half assed behaviour for three years," Hannah 
said bitterly. "Wasted three years on you."

Swat! "Mmft!" I gurgled into the gag.

"Well," I heard Julie say as she entered the room. "I heard the noise from 
downstairs. A little bit of fun."

The spanking stopped and I heard them kiss. "I missed you," Hannah said.

"I missed you. Look. I got you a present." Rustling of paper.

"Oh my god!" Hannah exclaimed. "I've never seen anything like this." I tried 
to turn my head far enough around to see but couldn't. "I've heard of them 
but"

"Why not try it out?" Julie said and I felt a shiver of fear at the tone in 
her voice.

"You mean.?" Then, some giggles.

"Why not? Show him you really are the boss."

I heard kissing and then, Julie's soft voice. "You can do it. And I want to 
watch." A quick rustle of clothing. "Look what the idea of watching you does 
to me."

"You're wet."

"I know. Do it," she urged.

"All right," Hannah said with a laugh. "He deserves it. But, you'll have to 
help me."

I heard more rustling and I looked over my shoulder. My cock was very hard 
and the sight of Hannah completely naked seemed to make it even harder. 
Julie was standing next to her, smiling coldly at me as she held a huge 
strap on dildo in her hand.

"Mmfft!" I protested, shaking at my bonds, causing the cock bell to ring. "I 
think he's seen it," Julie said, laughing as she stepped out of her skirt. 
My cock twitched at the sight of her in white lace bra and black pantyhose.

"I'll just go to the bathroom," Hannah said and I watched her tits bounce as 
she skipped away.

"Bring some lubricant back," Julie called after her. The bathroom door 
closed and Julie was pushing her pantyhose groin against my ass, whispering 
in my ear, "I'm going to enjoy this," she whispered, her fingers tickling my 
shaven balls. "Watching her fuck you." We heard the toilet flush and Julie 
sat back on the bed.

"Well," Hannah said uncertainly when she returned. "Do you think I really 
should?"

"Of course. Think of all the things he's done to you. He means nothing to 
you now. You know that. He's an animal. Remember, you've got me." I heard 
Julie kiss her and whisper softly. "The idea of it is really getting me 
hot."

"Your pantyhose is soaked," Hannah murmured.

"Do it. You know you want to. He's so low, he'll probably get off on it. 
Here, let me put it on for you."

"Ohhh," Hannah moaned and I guessed Julie was caressing her pussy.

"This buckles here so this little bit fits on your clit. How does that 
feel?"

"Hmmm. Nice." Hannah walked into my line of sight and I gasped in horror 
into my gag. The strap-on dick hung obscenely from her pussy as she evilly 
stroked it.

Julie knelt in front of her and, leering at me, said, "Let me get it wet for 
you." My cock surged as I watched Julie suck that fake cock. Although I 
wanted to tear my eyes away, I couldn't and watched as Julie slid the fleshy 
coloured cock in and out of her red lipstick covered mouth. The pressure of 
her clit was making Hannah moan and she tossed her head back, her big tits 
moving as she did.

Julie pulled back, flicked her long blonde hair over her naked shoulders and 
moved over to me, something in her hand. Gripping my waist, she pulled me 
back so, with my arms tied above me, I was now bent over slightly at the 
waist. The curtains were pulled back even more and light flooded the room. 
"Do you think they'll be able to see you get fucked in the ass by your 
ex-wife?" she laughed as I struggled.

Hannah laughed as well. "Ex-wife? I like that."

Something cool was being spread on my ass and I felt Julie's fingers start 
to probe. It felt different and, even though I knew it shouldn't feel that 
way, it also felt exciting.

Suddenly, I felt the fake cock at the entrance of my ass and I instinctively 
tightened, trying to force it out. "You'd better let it in," whispered 
Julie. "No use fighting it. Your Mistress is going to fuck you whether you 
like it on not. Aren't you, Hannah?"

"Yes," Hannah said throatily as she forced it in and I screamed into the 
gag. "I'm going to fuck your ass, slave!" It slid in further and I knew I 
had to try to relax or it would tear me apart.

Suddenly, with a wrench the cock was completely in and I screamed again, 
tears running from my eyes. Hannah didn't move as I sobbed brokenly into the 
gag. I felt so full, so used, so hard as Hannah pressed her big naked tits 
against my back.

"Look out the window, slave," she urged and I blinked the tears away to see 
a woman jogging past. "That's Elaine. You know, the young woman from up the 
street you're always drooling over. What would she think if she knew you 
were getting fucked in the ass by your Mistress?"

"Maybe she can see," Julie laughed.

Hannah started moving in and out. "Hmm," she moaned. "This feels so good. If 
I keep this up, I'm going to cum."

"You cum, my love," urged Julie. "Look, he's loving this." My cock bobbed 
around, the bell tingling.

"Take his gag off," Hannah said. "I want to hear him moan as I fuck him."

Julie was laughing as she removed the bridle and wiped the tears off my 
face. "Poor little slave's been crying," she said.

I cried out as Hannah pulled back and then rammed in, out and in. Moaning, I 
hung my head as Hannah mercilessly fucked my ass. "I feel so, I don't know, 
ooh but it feels great!" Hannah said huskily.

"You feel powerful," Julie said. "And you look so powerful. Slam it in!"

"Ooh baby," moaned Hannah as she slammed in and out of my helpless ass.

"Fuck him, Hannah! Fuck him!" Julie urged. "Let me kiss your breasts."

"Ohhhh," moaned Hannah, slamming faster and faster, rocking me back and 
forth.

"Cum, baby. You are sooo sexy, soo powerful," I heard Julie whisper.

I felt Hannah press against my back and fondle my balls. "Does toy want to 
cum?" she demanded, gasping.

"Please, Mistress, " I cried, my cock bell ringing.

"We let him cum last night," reminded Julie.

Hannah pushed off me and sawed the dildo in and out. "You're right. Not 
today, toy. But I'm going to!" she cried.

"Yes, baby," urged Julie. "That's it."

"Oh, my god!" Hannah cried out as she came, her body trembling and the dildo 
slowed and, then, stopped. Exhausted and sweating, I hung in my bonds, the 
strap-on fixed firmly in my ass, listening to Julie stroking and soothing 
Hannah behind me.

"Let me unbuckle this for you." Julie said. I felt Hannah move away but the 
fake cock was still embedded in my ass. "How do you feel?"

"I feel wonderful. That was certainly different."

"My warrior queen," Julie murmured and Hannah giggled. "You looked so 
beautiful when you came. So powerful." The sound of kissing.

"He looks stupid with that cock hanging out of his ass," laughed Hannah.

"Now, sweetie," said Julie, "go and have a relaxing bath. It's Sunday after 
all. We can take it easy."

"What about you? You're so wet."

"I'll be fine. I'll use a toy." Giggles. " Now, go!" The sound of a playful 
slap on a rump and the bathroom door closing.

I felt Julie walk close to me. "Oh, a little blood," she giggled as she 
examined my ass. "Guess Hannah broke your hymen." My wrists fell free. "On 
your knees," instructed Julie and, slowly with my ass still full, I knelt in 
front of Julie's pantyhose legs, the window to my left. Julie placed a chair 
side-on to the window, flicked the light on and sat in front of me. My cock 
bell rang as I stared into her pantyhose covered pussy.

"They can see you now," she said softly and I jerked my head to the window 
in shock. "Look back here!" she hissed and I returned my gaze to her pussy, 
framed in pantyhose. "Yes, they can see you clearly but only half of me. 
They won't know who you're going down on but they will know it's you! Kiss 
my pussy through the pantyhose."

I leaned forward and her long fingers ran through my short blonde hair. 
"This won't take long," she moaned. "I'm so hot from watching Hannah fuck 
you!" Suddenly, she pulled my head up. "Stay there, keep looking at my 
pussy," she ordered. "That woman that jogged past us before is out there. 
What was her name? Ah, yes. Elaine." Humiliation ran through me. "Good," 
Julie said softly. "She's stopping. Standing by the tree. Looks about twenty 
or so? Who cares. Ok, toy, bring me off!"

She pulled my face into her pussy and I kissed it through the nylon, face 
bright with shame at the thought of the young neighbour watching. My tongue 
couldn't penetrate through the black nylon but Julie ground her pussy 
against my face while holding my head still. "Oh yes," she moaned. "She's 
really watching now. Now she knows what a pussy licker you are! Ohhhh," she 
moaned, gripping my head with her thighs as she rolled into orgasm until, 
finally, she released me.

Slowly, I raised my head and, suddenly, Julie slapped me hard across my 
cheek! "Yes," she smiled with satisfaction. "She saw that!" Pulling the 
curtain shut, she laughed at me. "Always have to create the right 
impression, slave."

I watched her pantyhose ass swing across the room and my cock bell tingled. 
"My turn for a shower," she said, stretching and I ogled her large breasts 
in the lacy white bra. "You clean up and clean that strap-on. I want it 
really clean. Be thankful I don't make you clean it with your mouth."

In pain and shame, I waddled to the bathroom, my ass stuffed with the cock, 
my own hard cock bobbing in front of me and the bell tingling. What else 
were they capable of?

It hurt like hell when I removed the dildo and it was in a disgusting mess. 
I couldn't look at it at first as I cleaned it under the tap. Finally, it 
was clean. After my shower, I took my aching body and the strap-on back to 
Hannah's bedroom.

After tapping on the door, I was summoned inside where I found them dressed 
in jeans and T-shirts, seated on the bed. Hannah was brushing Julie's long 
blonde hair.

"Is that clean?" snapped Julie.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Put it back in the box."

"Look," said Hannah, brushing. "No cock bell."

"I'll run back and get it, Mistress," I said in panic. "I'm sorry. I 
forgot."

Julie laughed at my panic. "Never mind. I was getting sick of hearing the 
dam thing. Seems he's always hard these days." Relieved, I placed the 
strap-on back into the box and knelt by the end of the bed, waiting.

Julie smiled as she looked down at me. "He's becoming well trained, isn't 
he?"

Hannah paused in her brushing for a moment. "Yep. Good to see." She resumed 
the brushing. "How will we spend our Sunday?"

"There's a new exhibition at the gallery. Then a nice casual dinner by the 
harbour?"

"Sounds wonderful. Toy can finish the cleaning," said Hannah, glaring at me.

"Maybe later. I had a call on my cell phone before. I've got a job for toy," 
she said and laughed.
Hannah went down to the den to make a few calls to patients while Julie 
looked through some bags of old clothes in the attic.

Giggling, she returned with a few items as Hannah walked back in.

"Patients all ok?" Julie asked and Hannah nodded. "Good. We can enjoy our 
day off. Tough that Toy has to work." They laughed.

Julie tossed a pair of white stretchy ladies shorts to me. "Put those on," 
she said. I looked at them puzzled. The opening seemed to be in the wrong 
place.

Hannah saw the puzzled look. "The opening goes on the side, stupid." I 
struggled to pull the shorts up around my waist and Julie zipped the opening 
closed. The white shorts were high cut with a high waist so the bottom of my 
ass hung out of the legs and my cock and balls bulged plainly through the 
smooth thin material.

A short red, cut-off t-shirt was next. The shirt was too small and just 
covered the top of my stomach and my pink collar and tag could be easily 
seen.  Both women laughed hysterically at me and my cock started to stir 
with the humiliation.

"Look, he's getting hard. He likes this," said Hannah in disgust.

"I told you," Julie said. "He's nothing but a slut. Come here, slut." I 
knelt in front of her and she applied red lipstick to my lips and some thick 
mascara to my eye lashes. She studied her handiwork and grinned. "Very 
slutty. What about his feet?" she asked Hannah.

"He's got some white sandals. He hates them.  Get those, Toy. No sox."

They were fixing their make-up when I returned with the sandals on, so I 
knelt and waited.

Finished, they turned to me. "I've arranged for a car to take you there," 
said Julie and I recoiled, aghast, I didn't want any one to see me like 
this, but she ignored my shocked look. "A car will also pick you up at a 
certain time. You are to obey everyone. Understand?"

I hung my head. "Yes, Mistress."

"You will be given an envelope. Bring it back here. Unopened. Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Oh, just one other thing," said Hannah. "Destiny."

When I returned from my trance, both women were laughing loudly.

"Tell him," Julie giggled.

"Toy, you get to cum if you can figure out how." They stifled their laughter 
but burst into laughter again at the puzzled look on my face. "A million 
people can tell you to cum but you won't. There is only one way for you to 
get relief and we're not telling!" They laughed again as I hung my head.

The women stopped laughing when they heard the beep of a car horn. "There's 
the car. Come on, Toy."

Reluctantly, I followed them down the stairs where Hannah pointed out my 
reflection in the wall mirror. Flushing with shame, I stared at the male 
slut in the mirror. Really short, almost white hair, red lipstick, pink 
leather collar and tag. The red cut-off shirt drew attention to my bare 
stomach and my cock and balls were visible through the smooth front of tight 
stretchy material of the shorts. The sandals were ones I hated, white and 
strappy and, after being made to turn around by Hannah, I was shocked to see 
the bottom of my ass hanging out.

"Such a slut," Hannah said and the car horn sounded again.

Julie smiled, caressed my cock through the shorts with her long fingers and 
giggled when she felt my cock grow hard. "Hope you find the way to cum," she 
giggled again.

Hannah opened the front door and, with the women laughing behind me, my hard 
cock rubbing in my shorts, I stepped into the sun. Looking around, I quickly 
ran down the path to the car. "Sit in the front seat," Julie called and I 
slid in to the car, my face red with embarrassment and my ass still stinging 
as I shut the door behind me.

The driver, an older woman in a dark blue uniform, looked at me from behind 
her sunglasses for a long moment. I flushed as I felt her gaze move up and 
down my body, resting on my groin. "I'm flattered but I don't think you're 
that glad to see me." Then, shaking her head, she put the car in gear and we 
drove off.

We drove in silence for about half an hour. Every now and again, she would 
look over at me, inspect me and then look away, an amused look on her face. 
My ass was painful and it felt open and gaping.

Finally, she stopped in front of a house in the suburbs and, the motor still 
running, looked me up and down again. "This is it. Out," she said.

Gingerly, I eased myself out of the car. She gave  a low wolf whistle and, 
blushing, I tried to pull the shorts down to cover my ass.

I scurried to the front porch of the house, hearing the car roar away as I 
tentatively knocked on the door. In a few moments, I heard someone inside 
the house, the door opened and a grinning Darlene looked me up and down. 
Darlene! The plump hairdresser that had butchered my hair on Julie's 
instructions!

"I'm told I'm to call you Toy. That right?"

"Yes," I said in a low voice, hopeful she would let me in, away from the 
street. Nervously, I looked around.

"I'm also told YOU have to call me Miss Darlene!"

"Yes, Miss Darlene."

"Love your little outfit," she grinned, leaning against the door. "It's all 
on display there, isn't it. I can see everything  you've got."

"Yes, Miss Darlene," I said humiliated.

At last, she took pity on me. "All right, Toy, come in." Shutting the front 
door, I followed her large ass into a simple formal room. Darlene was 
dressed in a matronly pink frock with a white lace collar and white 
stockings and shoes. She had white gloves on and I saw a hat on the hall 
table as we passed. It looked like Miss Darlene had just got back from 
church.

Darlene arranged herself primly on the sofa and I knelt at her feet. I had 
been instructed to obey so I thought I should treat her as my mistress.

She nodded when she saw me kneel and sat back. "She's trained you well. Now, 
you have to obey me?"

"Yes Miss Darlene."

"Do any thing I say?"

"Yes Miss Darlene."

She giggled like a little girl. "This will be fun. There's some chilled wine 
in the kitchen. Get me a glass."

"Yes Miss Darlene." I scurried to the kitchen, found the wine, poured a 
glass and returned.

"Get naked," she said while sipping the wine. It didn't take long and I was 
nude. Darlene gestured at my bald groin. "She make you shave that?"

"Every day, Miss Darlene."

"She's a bitch, isn't she?" Darlene smiled. "Come here." I stood in front of 
her and she gently took my cock in her gloved hand, slowly moving up and 
down. Instantly hard, my breathing became ragged. "Would you like to cum, 
Toy?"

"Yes, please Miss Darlene."

Her hand stopped moving but still circled my cock. "Fuck my hand," she 
commanded and I pushed my cock in and out of her gloved hand while she 
laughed at my lewd display.

"Sorry, Toy," she laughed. "This isn't the way for you to cum. I promised I 
wouldn't tell you until you were leaving. Stop!" I froze at her command but 
felt elated at the news. Darlene knew how I could cum! I just had to wait it 
out.

"Pick up your clothes and go upstairs. First door on your right." I left her 
sipping her wine and did as she ordered. The room was a bedroom with a large 
bed with a white lace cover and a door that led to a small bathroom. Not 
knowing what to do, I knelt by the bed, trying to ignore the continual 
burning sensation in my ass, and waited.
As I knelt by the bed in Darlene's bedroom, I thought of the events of the 
past week and how my life has been turned around. No control, no power, I'm 
nothing more than an object for Julie and Hannah to do with as they please. 
I don't even have control over my own body, they decide when and how I cum!

The door opened and Darlene entered, full wine glass in hand. "Unzip me," 
she instructed and I quickly did, revealing a white slip. Her perfume 
aroused me and my cock was bobbing around. Darlene hung the dress in the 
closet and pulled the slip over her head and off.

Her large tits were encased in a massive white lace bra. A white panty 
girdle hugged her lower half and connected to her stocking tops. Even the 
tight panty girdle could not control her bulging stomach.

She was hardly the sexiest woman I had ever seen but my cock was rock hard. 
Darlene looked down at my hard cock and smiled. "That's nice. Good to see 
I've still got it." Darlene sat on the edge of the bed and spread her fat 
legs, pointing at the carpet in front of her.

I knelt and gazed into the tight satin gusset of her panty girdle. Her hand 
rested on my head and steered me into that gusset, my mouth enveloped by the 
essence of her. I didn't know what to do so I just rested with my lips 
pressed into the tight white satin of her groin, smelling her intimate musky 
perfume and waited.

Finally, she pushed me back and stared into my eyes, my cock bobbing in 
front of me. "That no good husband of mine never did that. Just a five 
minute wonder, you know? In and out, cum and gone." I admitted to myself 
that I knew, I had been a five minute wonder.

"I like the idea of a man licking me there but I've never had it." I swear 
she blushed. "But now," she said with a determined tone, "I'm going to get 
me some. Especially if I've got a licker who can't say anything to nobody."

Without another word she unhooked her bra, tossed it on the bed as her 
massive breasts swung free. My mouth fell open as I've never seen tits as 
big as hers. Defiantly, she stood and detached the gusset from her panty 
girdle, throwing it too onto the bed.

"There," she said with satisfaction, falling back on the bed and her legs 
splaying open, revealing a thick thatch of black pubic hair with her pink 
lips peeking through the curls. "Get to it, Toy."

I crawled onto the bed and lowered my face to her pussy, licking her fleshy 
thighs near her white stocking tops and, finally, running my well trained 
tongue into every nook and cranny of her cunt. Her juices were running 
freely, my cock throbbed and I quickly brought her to her first orgasm.

Looking up from my task, past the white lace of her panty girdle and her 
massive lolling tits, I managed to see her face contorted with a sinful 
pleasure. Darlene cried out with that pleasure as the second orgasm rocked 
her and she pushed me back, her juices wet across my face.

I looked down at her wet pussy, framed by the panty girdle, slick from my 
licking and wondered if I was going to get the chance to fuck her.

Darlene rolled onto her side, closing her legs and smiled at me. "Not bad. I 
can have some of that again. Anytime I want." She looked quizzically down at 
my hard cock. "You want to come?"

"Please Ms Darlene," I begged.

"Sorry," she said. "Not with me. Not this time." Darlene let her legs fall 
apart and I stared at her thick black pussy hair, my cock straining. I 
dearly wanted to come. "Let's see if you can get me there a third time."

Dutifully, I leaned forward and into my task. It took a long time but I 
licked, tongued and kissed that big fat pussy for ages until Darlene 
stiffened, trembled, moaned and galloped to her third orgasm.

Darlene kicked me away from her and I rolled to the floor, my jaws aching. 
Kneeling, I hung my head to stare at my cock, so hard it was painful, and 
wondered how I was going to cum. Or, if I ever would again.

"Get a wash cloth from the bathroom," Darlene called from the bed and I did 
so. She rolled on her back, legs splayed and her enormous tits rolling 
across her chest. "Wipe me," she instructed and I knelt between her legs, 
tenderly cleaning the mixture of her juices and my saliva from her pussy. 
"Bet you'd like to slip that old thing into me," she grinned at my hard cock 
pointing at her pussy. . A pathetic hope rose in me and I looked imploringly 
into her smiling eyes but she shook her head. "Sorry. No fucking. That's the 
deal."

Motioning me away, I knelt by the bed again, watching Darlene roll to her 
feet, her massive tits hanging down. "You really have no choice but to obey 
me?" she asked.

"No choice, Miss Darlene. I must obey you."

"Do you like the things that are done to you?"

I shook my head. "No, Miss Darlene."

"Too bad," she said. "Ordering you around is good therapy for me after that 
no good bum I was married to. Unhook my stockings and take them off," 
Darlene instructed.

Her hairy pussy was level with my face as I slowly slid her stockings down 
her fleshy legs. "now, this isn't going to be easy. Roll the girdle down and 
off." We struggled together as I tugged and pulled until she emerged from 
her girdle. Darlene was quite a sight naked. Rolls of fat on her thighs, ass 
and stomach and those massive tits.

I followed her rolling figure into the bathroom and crawled into the shower 
stall on her directions. Grunting, she straddled  me, looking down at me 
with an evil smile, her tits and stomach wobbling with the exertion. "I'm 
going to pretend you're my jerk of a husband," she spat.

In horror, I watched the yellow stream of urine gush from her and 
splattering on my chest. Darlene grabbed my ear and pulled my face directly 
under her so a stream of her urine splashed over my face. "Open your mouth," 
she snarled and I did, tasting her warm salty piss as it ran around my 
mouth.

Finally, she stopped, breathing heavily, she glared at me. "Kiss my pussy 
and thank me," she ordered.

I moved my piss soaked face to her pussy, kissed it and said brokenly, 
":Thank you Miss Darlene for pissing on me." My hair was saturated and piss 
was still dripping from my chin.

Darlene shoved me back to the piss covered floor and, humming softly to 
herself, turned the shower on.
Cleansed by our mutual shower, I towelled Darlene's massive body dry as she 
watched, with wry amusement, my hard cock moving from side to side as I 
rubbed the towel over her.

"Are you always hard?" she asked.

"No Miss Darlene."

"You're hard after I pissed on you. Doesn't that seem weird? To me, it means 
you get off on this." I hung my head as I had no answer for that. Mentally, 
I protested that I wasn't aroused by what I've been through but, physically, 
my hard cock betrayed me.

Darlene fluffed her hair. "We've got a few hours yet," she said, lying, 
naked, face down on the bed. "A nice massage is what I want."  And that's 
what she got for over an hour until she was almost purring like a cat.

"Now," Darlene said, patting the bed. "You lie here." Quickly, she pulled my 
hands over my head and tied them to the bed head with her stockings, pushing 
the discarded girdle gusset into my mouth. "I know you have to obey me," she 
said, wrapping a robe around her large figure, "but I want you perfectly 
still." Alarmed, I watched Darlene as she sat at her dressing table and 
placed something in an envelope. What is this crazy woman up to? I felt 
fear.

"You're to take this envelope back. Don't open it, just give it to your 
owner." She laughed. "Part payment for your tongue." Emerging from the 
bathroom with a small box, she grinned at me as I lay naked and hard on the 
bed.

"Now for the rest of the payment," Darlene said, sitting next to me on the 
bed. A serious look on her full face, she leaned over me and looked into my 
eyes. "I've been asked to pierce your nipples. It will hurt a little and 
then sting for a while but not for too long."

"Mfft!" I protested into the girdle gusset.

"It's going to happen," she said seriously. "You know you have no choice. 
And," she added, laughing, "this isn't going to let you cum either. Sorry."

Shutting my eyes, I felt her dab something on my left nipple, followed by a 
sharp pain and I moaned into the girdle gusset. A repeat on my right nipple 
and I felt her doing something to my nipples and a click.

"There," she said with satisfaction. "All done. Open your eyes." I looked 
down and saw silver rings were hanging from each nipple and I realised I was 
marked for life.

Darlene casually stroked my cock. "Could have been worse," she said matter 
of factly. "I could have put them somewhere else." I watched her podgy hand 
work my cock and shuddered at the thought of pierced balls. Untying my 
hands, she patted me on the head.

Smiling, Darlene stood and looked down at me. "Come on, up you get. We still 
have some time left before the driver comes for you." The way she said that 
startled me but she just kept smiling. My nipples were very sore and felt 
strange with the rings hanging from them. Every time I moved, the rings sent 
a twinge of pain through me.

Naked, I followed her downstairs where she arranged herself on the sofa. 
After providing her with a drink as requested, I knelt in front of her. 
Casually, she spread her legs and opened the robe. "Let's make it at least 
four, Toy," she commanded and I lowered my lips to her pussy, trying to 
ignore the pain of my nipples and my aching jaws while I worked away at her 
pleasure.
For the next few hours, until the sun started to set, I licked Darlene to 
many orgasms, massaged her feet, her back and generally waiting on her. She 
delighted in my nakedness and would not let me dress, prefering me to 
display myself all the time.

Finally, we heard the car pull up and I looked around for my clothes. 
Darlene shook her head. "No clothes, Toy. You stay naked."

"Miss Darlene," I begged, "Please let me dress."

There was a loud knock on the door. "Open it," she said and I shrank back, 
horrified. "Open it!" she said sharply and, embarrassed and naked, I opened 
the door.

A big black man in a dark uniform stood on the porch and looked me up and 
down, taking in my nakedness. Sneering, he pushed past me and, as he was so 
big, I felt like a dwarf. I tried to follow him into the doorway but a 
massive black hand rested on my chest, narrowly missing my new nipple rings, 
and stopped me. "Stay," he said in a deep voice.
Darlene looked up at him. "My," she said. "You are a big guy."

"You have the envelope, mam?" he asked in that booming voice and she handed 
it over. I was illuminated by the porch light and I frantically looked 
around the darkening streets, cowering in my nakedness..

He shoved the envelope into one pocket, took a dog lead from another pocket 
and snapped it on my collar. "Say goodbye, Toy," he directed.

"Goodbye, Miss Darlene," I said, fear in my eyes.

Darlene stepped onto the porch and whispered in my ear. "You want to know 
how to cum?" she whispered. "By the driver. Him!" She pointed at the 
impassive black man and then, giggling, disappeared inside.

He tugged on the lead and, naked, I followed him to the car, slipping into 
the front seat as he directed by a grunt and a gesture.

When he sat in the driver's seat, he looked me up and down as I cowered in 
the seat, trying to cover my cock and balls with my hands. Suddenly, he 
slapped me hard across the face and I recoiled in pain, seeing stars.

"Do not cover yourself," he growled and I dropped my hands. "You are always 
on display. You are nothing but a slut slave. I will decide when you can 
dress. You will call me Master. Got it?"

I hung my head, resting my hands on either side so my genitals were 
completely exposed. "Yes, Master," I whispered.

"Speak up!"

"Yes, Master," I repeated but loudly.

"Get yourself hard," he snapped and I quickly started jerking off while he 
watched coldly. When I was hard and on the edge, he ordered, "Stop!" I 
dropped my hand and sat there with a hard cock, trembling body and breathing 
heavily. Grunting with satisfaction, he flicked the interior light off, 
started the car and we drove off.

In silence, we drove the half an hour to Hannah's house. The only time he 
spoke to me was to tell me to get hard again when my cock started to droop. 
By the time he parked the car outside the house, I was so horny, so 
frustrated, I was on the edge of madness.

Trotting behind him as he strode to the front door, leash in his huge hand, 
I nervously looked around the dark streets for any sign of life. As he rang 
the bell, a car slowed as it past and I started to cower and hide myself. 
"Don't" he growled warningly and I stood still. The car crawled past and I 
thought I saw Elaine staring at me in the porch light.

Finally, the door swung opened and a tug on the leash made me move inside. 
Hannah and Julie were in their robes and a little drunk. A video camera on a 
tripod stood in the centre of the room, pointing at the sofa. Without a 
word, Master handed Julie the envelope.

Hannah circled me, glass in hand, as she studied the nipple rings. "Did it 
hurt, Toy?" she asked.

"Yes Mistress," I said, softly and both women laughed loudly.

"We had a lovely dinner, Toy," Julie said. "You must be hungry."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Over to the sofa, Toy." Julie said while Hannah giggled. Master strode to 
the sofa and stood there looking down at me, still holding the lead, while 
Julie stood behind the video camera.

"Get hard," Master said and I started jerking on my cock.

"Toy," Julie directed from behind the camera. "Undo his pants." I looked at 
her in shock and I felt my leash being tugged.

I looked over at Hannah who was smiling over the rim of her wine glass. "Do 
it," she said and I reached up and undid the top of his pants and his 
zipper. The pants fell to his ankles and his massive black cock hung in 
front of my face.

"You said you were hungry, Toy," taunted Julie. "Suck it!"

This was the final humiliation and I felt a broken sob form in my throat as 
my eyes started to prickle with tears. "Suck it!" Julie demanded and I 
tentatively reach up to hold that black cock, so big that I couldn't  get my 
hand fully around it.

Tears were streaming down my cheeks as I let my open mouth take the head of 
the cock. As I closed my mouth around it and it started sliding in and out, 
I heard the women laughing.

The only way out was to try to distance myself from what I was doing but a 
voice inside me kept reminding me that I was naked, pierced nipples, dog 
collar and on my knees sucking a black cock. The shame was intense.

His cock started getting hard and it pushed against the back of my mouth. 
"God," said Hannah. "Look at the size of that thing. I've never seen 
anything like it."

"Makes Toy's seem pretty small," laughed Julie and I flinched with 
embarrassment.

I felt his hand on my head, holding me still as he drove that huge cock in 
and out of my mouth with no respite. Gagging, I tried to pull back but his 
insistent hand held me there as he fucked my mouth while Hannah and Julie 
squealed with delight.

Suddenly, he pulled out and pumped his cock with his huge black hand. Cum 
gushed from its head and splattered over my face and into my mouth. Julie 
was clapping her hands in delight as sperm hung on my ears and my nose. 
Hannah laughed loudly.

Finally, it was over and Julie switched off the video camera. Master wiped 
his cock on my face and pulled his pants up. My cock was hard and I 
desperately wanted to cum as his sperm dripped from my face.

"Did you figure out how to cum, Toy?" taunted Julie.

I remembered what Darlene had said. "With master," I mumbled, ashamed.

Hannah laughed. "He's not as dumb as we thought."

"I think he may have got a little help," Julie said wisely.

Master sat on the sofa. "Sit on his lap, Toy," instructed Julie and, 
nervously, I did. I felt like a toy seated on his massive thighs but I had 
no choice.

"Baby Toy," Laughed Hannah and put a baby pacifier in my mouth. "You like 
sucking," she said. "Suck on this."

Master reached down and grabbed my hard cock. Julie moved back behind the 
video camera and called, "Action."

His massive hand swallowed my cock and started moving up and down while I 
watched. It felt wonderful. "Suck on the baby pacifier," called Hannah and I 
did as his hand moved faster and faster.

"Cum, baby!" they chanted as the big black man impassively jerked me off 
while I bounced on his thighs like a baby. I didn't care. I needed to cum so 
badly I didn't care I was pumping in and out of a man's hand. I just didn't 
care. Knowing I was making a pathetic figure, I tried not to look at the 
camera but it was hopeless as the passion and the need overtook me.

Suckling on the pacifier, I thrust my cock into that huge black hand like it 
was a ripe cunt and let the forces overwhelm me. In too short a time, I was 
spurting my seed into his hand, crying out with a guttural need as I 
achieved relief.

Soaked in sweat, I slumped against huge body and tried to regain my breath. 
He held his cum splattered hand in front of my face and said, "Lick." I 
removed my pacifier and licked.
I don't remember much more than being led to my room and dumped on the bed, 
a few scraps of food left beside it. Through the mist, I heard Hannah and 
Julie down the corridor engaged in passionate lovemaking all through the 
night while I tossed and turned. Master had gone or I hoped he had and 
winced in shame at the memories of what I had done.

I staggered to the bathroom and did the usual routine, shaved my face and my 
groin, then showered, wincing as the hot water hit my pierced nipples. 
Rushing downstairs, I hungrily ate while preparing breakfast for Hannah and 
Julie. It seemed so long ago when I had control.

I tapped on their door, entered when a sleepy voice ordered me to and placed 
the tray beside their bed. They dismissed me and I spent the time cleaning 
downstairs. When they came down the stairs, they were dressed for work and I 
hoped they would just leave me here.

But no. Julie had a bundle of clothes in her hand and threw them to me. "Get 
dressed," she ordered. Loose red running shorts with large gaping legs  and 
a black net top so my collar and nipple rings could easily be seen.

Hannah produced some papers. "Sign these," she ordered and I did so. Hannah 
picked them up and kissed Julie goodbye, opening the door.

"You'll make the other arrangements?" Julie called after her and Hannah 
waved in confirmation.

Julie drove me into the office in silence, merely telling me to get out when 
we arrived. Sheepishly, I walked into the office. It was early and only 
Mandy was in.

I looked around what used to be my office. Mandy had it redecorated with new 
furniture, all white and modern and the office smelt of paint. Recalling my 
embarrassment under the old desk, I noticed the new desk had a modesty panel 
in front of it.

A waft of perfume, a rustle of clothes and a low whistle as Mandy swirled 
in. "Well, when Julie told me what they'd done to you, I didn't believe it 
but now......." She circled me, a broad grin on her beautiful face. "Did 
that hurt?" she said pointing at the nipple rings.

"Yes Ms Munro," I said. Mandy laughed, sat behind her desk, crossing her 
nylon covered legs and pushing some papers across the desk. "Sign those. 
You're transferring the business to me. I bought it from Hannah." I was 
shocked. My business gone! Dutifully, I signed the papers and Mandy, with a 
satisfied look, quickly swept them into a folder.  Gone!

"Kneel," she said and I knelt in front of her. "Now," she mused as I stared 
up at her legs covered in sheer black nylon, "What am I going to do with 
you." My cock stirred in my loose shorts and she noticed the lump. "You are 
a slut, aren't you."

Laughing, she stood up, glancing at her watch. "Time for the staff meeting. 
Follow me." I cringed in shock. "Come on!" she snapped and, reluctantly I 
stepped into the meeting room. "Good morning, everyone," Mandy said and 
humiliated, I looked around the room. All women, some faces I didn't 
recognise, giggled at my entrance and I felt their eyes look me up and down. 
Lorraine, the young receptionist, examined me curiously.

"This is Toy," Mandy said and there was open laughter now. "Please use only 
that name. Toy is our office slut, a fringe benefit for you ladies." Loud 
laughter and some cheers and applause from some of the staff who had been 
there since the business open. Guess I wasn't that popular.

"Toy will obey you completely at all times. Toy has no choice. Isn't that 
right, Toy," she demanded.

"Yes, Ms Munro," I mumbled and loud laughter again.

"I will demonstrate. Toy, pull your shorts down to your knees."

Face red with embarrassment and with loud cat calls and whistles, I pulled 
my shorts down, my hard cock poking towards the audience. Mandy pointed at 
my cock. "Don't use that for fucking. It's small and he's useless." Laughter 
rang in my ears. "Stick your tongue out." I did, feeling completely 
humiliated. "However, his tongue has been well trained. Worth using. And, if 
you've never seen a male jerk off, you might get him to do that for your 
amusement. Ok, let's get onto business. Get out Toy," she ordered. "Wait 
under my desk." Raucous laughter at that.

I bent to pull up my shorts. "No," she commanded. "Leave them down."  Gales 
of laughter followed me as I waddled out of the office and crawled under 
Mandy's desk.

After about an hour in the cramped confines under Mandy's desk, my pants 
down and my cock hard, I heard her walk back into the room. I was rewarded 
with the sight of her legs swinging under the desk and my cock throbbed at 
the sight of her long legs in sheer black nylon.

Mandy spread her legs and hitched her skirt up, exposing her sheer black 
pantyhose with a small white g-string under neath. Her finger beckoned and I 
kissed her pussy. Covered as it was pantyhose and the panties, I could still 
smell her musky aroma.

The phone rang and she answered it. and put it on speaker phone. It was my 
lawyer, Don.

"Don, I've got you on hands free. Just me in the office."

"That's fine," Don's deep voice replied. "Everything still going ahead?"

"Sure is. He's signed the papers."

"I never thought he would sell the business."

"He's got into this alternative lifestyle. Doesn't want the control any 
more." Could I detect a faint sound of laughter as I kiss her pussy through 
the nylon and panties?

"Yeah, but it's still a surprise."

:Maybe it's the stress of the divorce."

"I'd like to talk to him about that."

"But you can't," Mandy said quickly. "You're representing Hannah. Conflict 
of interest."

"Suppose so. Call me later."

"I will. 'Bye."

Mandy pushed back in the chair, smoothed her skirt down and looked down at 
me. "I'm getting tired of you," she said. "Come with me."

Embarrassed, I followed her through the office and down the stairs into the 
furnace room. "This is where you stay from now on, slut. You do your work 
here. Get those clothes off." When I was naked, she raised the hem of her 
skirt and I grew hard at the sight of her g string in pantyhose. "Keep 
yourself hard. But don't cum," she added as she walked away, leaving me 
naked and hard in the furnace room of my former business.
I sat, naked, on the floor of the furnace room and waited. My cock remained 
hard and I didn't have to jerk off to keep it hard.

Suddenly, the door opened and Lorraine walked down the stairs, holding a 
cardboard sign in her hands. She was wearing a short skirt with white hose 
and I tried to peek up the skirt as she came down the stairs but with no 
luck.

Lorraine wandered around the room, looking at me intently while I waited. 
"You know," she began, "I'm nineteen, fuck my boyfriend when I feel like it, 
give him a quick hand job when I don't but I can't get him to give me head. 
I've always wondered." She looked at me quizzically, looked around the room 
and sat in a old wooden chair.

"Before I came down here, I went to the rest room, took my panties off and 
cut a hole in my pantyhose. Everybody knows I came down here," she added and 
I waited. "Here," she said, holding out the crude cardboard sign. "Hang that 
on the door."

I looked at the sign as I ran naked up the stairs. 'CAUTION: SLUT AT WORK' 
the sign said as I hung it on the doorknob, shutting the door again.

When I returned, Lorraine had pulled her skirt up and was seated with legs 
spread apart, her pussy exposed in a hole in her white pantyhose. She looked 
at me with those big blue eyes I had always thought of as innocent. "You 
know what to do," she said calmly.

I knelt before her and commenced the task I was now so good at. After a 
short while, her breathing was heavy and she clenched my head tightly 
between her thighs as she came with a soft cooing sound.

Standing, she pulled her skirt down. "I'll have to start wearing garter belt 
and stockings. It will be a lot easier." Lorraine looked at me. "I'm 
curious. Jerk off." My hand gripped my cock and started pumping as Lorraine 
giggled. "Boy, that looks ridiculous! Stop! Mandy said you weren't to come. 
"Bye slut," she said as she walked up the stairs. "I'll just reverse the 
sign until your next customer."

Barbara was next, a forty something woman who had been Mandy's closest 
office friend during the crisis that had sparked all of this off. She 
smashed my ass with a ruler, had me lick her until she came and then spanked 
me again before strolling, whistling, up the stairs.

In the afternoon, Julie was followed down the stairs by a tough looking 
blonde woman in leather pants and a halter top, carrying a black bag.

Julie looked down at me. "Toy, I've decided on some modifications. Of 
course," she said, "you will obey. Shave his head," she said and the woman 
approached me. I knelt passively while she shaved all the hair from my head, 
leaving me completely bald.

Julie stared at me as I knelt, waiting for the next instruction. Slowly, she 
shook her head. "All right, do it all," she said.

The woman had me lie down and slowly and painfully tattooed the top of my 
head. I learned later she had spelt SLUT on the top of my shining pink head. 
The word SLAVE was tattooed on my ass and THIS IS OWNED BY MY MISTRESS next 
to my cock. She applied dressings to the bloody designs, quickly and 
efficiently pierced my nostrils and inserted a permanent ring through my 
nose. My scrotum was pierced close to my ass hole and another small ring 
inserted, this time, though a small bell was attached. She then left.

Julie raised her skirt, showing me her black panties and hose so my cock 
sprang to attention. "Good to see that still works."

There was a noise at the top of the stairs and a new female employee came 
down the stairs. "He's all yours," Julie said with distaste and left. The 
woman lifted her skirt and I started licking.

And so it went on. Jenny, Wendy, Barbara again and, finally, Lorraine once 
again. A continuos stream of women and the sign fluttered on the door knob, 
'CAUTION: SLUT AT WORK'.
I spent a week, maybe two in that room. I lost track of time but food was 
brought to me, I was taken to the toilets and I serviced all the women, day 
in and day out. They loved the way my ball bell rang when I jerked off for 
them.

All the women except Mandy. She never visited me in my cell and I never saw 
her again.

Finally, when the scabs on my tattoos had vanished, Master arrived and took 
me home.

Hannah and Julie stared at the tattooed SLUT on my head peeking through the 
stubble of my growing hair and the ring through my nose. "Shave his head," 
was Julie's only comment and Master, silently, went through with the task.

I was taken to Hannah's bathroom and my leash was chained to the toilet. A 
small chain was threaded through the ring in my nose and left to dangle 
across my body, dragging against my nipple rings.

Hannah and Julie stood in the doorway, looking at me as I lay, curled up, on 
the bathroom floor. Hannah turned her lip up, turned on her heel and left 
while Julie crouched down next to me. "We're having a party, Toy," she said 
sweetly. "And you're the special treat for some of our guests. Look," she 
said, opening her legs and I stared into her bald pussy, framed by a black 
garter belt. "Kiss, kiss," she said and I obediently bent to my task, 
bringing her to a fast and furious orgasm.

Julie stood and smoothed her skirt. Pouting in the mirror, she applied lip 
stick. "You are a fool," she said. "We planned all this. Hannah, Mandy and 
I. Planned it all from the beginning." I should have felt shock but, as I 
searched my feelings, realised I felt nothing. "I hypnotised you at the 
beginning but those commands could only last for a short time and you could 
have over ridden them at any time."

Julie put the top on the lipstick and dropped it in her purse. "You could 
have stoped this at any time. I kept pushing the limits and you never 
stopped us. In fact, you enjoyed it. Look at you," she sneered. "You are 
permanently marked, have no money, no belongings, no identity, nothing! And 
you still have a hard cock!" I looked down at my throbbing cock. "If I told 
you to jerk off, you would. I'll have to figure out what to do with you. 
Hannah wants nothing more to do with you. She despises you for the mindless 
fool you now are."

Julie leaned against the bathroom door. "The party downstairs is a going 
away party. Hannah sold her practice and I sold mine. With that money, the 
money from this house and from your business, we're going to live in Italy. 
Tuscany, actually. I expect never to see you again." She laughed. "Goodbye, 
Toy. It's been fun." Julie started to turn and then she turned back. "For 
old times sake," she said, giggling, as she raised her skirt. I gazed up at 
her bald pussy, framed by the black lace garter straps that held her sheer 
black stockings up. Dropping the skirt, she walked out of the bathroom.

After she left, I lay listening to the music from the party below, waiting.
I didn't have long to wait. Elaine appeared in the doorway, glass in hand 
and staring at me.

"Well," she said. "I'll never doubt Hannah again." Elaine was a young 
voluptuous brunette and was dressed in stylish sleeveless dark dress with 
small dots.

Closing the bathroom door, she placed the glass on the bench top and 
inspected me and my marks. "Can you stand?"

"No mistress."

"Mistress. Hmmm, I like that." She casually lifted the skirt of her dress, 
pulled her panties down, sat on the toilet and started to pee.

When she had finished, she reached for toilet paper and then stopped. "Might 
as well take advantage of the situation," she smiled. Shifting forward on 
the toilet seat, she spread her legs and exposed her pussy, covered in dark 
pubic hair. "Clean me," she instructed and I leaned upward and tongued the 
pee from he pussy.

Elaine leaned back. "Hmmm, nice. Don't stop." I continued licking and 
exploring her sweet pussy until, suddenly, she stiffened, rocked forward and 
came.

With a shove of her high heel shoe, I slumped back on the floor while Elaine 
pulled her panties up, smoothed her dress and flushed the toilet.

Standing over me, she looked at my hard cock. "Jerk off," she said and I 
eagerly started pumping my cock with my hand, the bell attached to my balls 
ringing in time with my rhythm. "Why should you get off?" she suddenly asked 
herself. "Stop!" she commanded and I did, reluctantly.

Opening the door, Elaine turned back to me. "Julie offered you to me for a 
dollar. I all ready have one pet. I don't want another.  Can't afford the 
dog food." With a cruel laugh, she walked away.

I lay on the cold tiled floor and thought of what had happened to me. Julie 
was right, I did enjoy my new passive life. It was, I admitted to myself, 
easier to be owned than to be the owner.

Downstairs, the music played. Sounds of glasses, bottles and snatches of 
conversation. Farewell Hannah and Julie.

An older woman raised her skirt, sat over the toilet and dragged the chain 
attached to my  nose ring through her legs so my face was flush with he 
pussy. Laughing, she let a stream of pee run down my face and into my mouth. 
When she finished, she ordered me to lick, kicked me away and left.

The noise from the party downstairs was getting louder. Shrieks of laughter 
could be heard over the thumping of the music.

Three teenaged girls, giggling nervously, pushed their way into the 
bathroom, pointing at my tattoos, nose ring, nipple rings and ball bell. 
Finally, the braver of the three ordered me to jerk off and with intense 
attention, they watched me spurt cum over my hand and onto my belly. It was 
wonderful.

And when they told me to lick it up, I did, willingly.

The party was in full swing, music really loud with continual shrieks, yells 
and laughter. The bathroom door opened and Darlene crowded in and stood with 
hands on hips, looking down at me.

"A few more changes, I see," she said looking at the markings. "Here," she 
said, tossing keys to me. "That should unlock your leash and the chain from 
your nose ring." She burst into laughter at that. "I guess I can afford a 
dollar," she smirked.

"Kneel," Darlene ordered and I did. Her hand cupped my chin and she looked 
deeply into my eyes. "There's been a change of owner, slave." A finger 
pointed at the tattoo on my groin. "The Mistress mentioned there is me. You 
call me Mistress from now on. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress," I said humbly, glad to be owned again.

Darlene motioned for me to stand and I did, although my legs were weak. 
Causally, she handed me a robe and a cap, gesturing for me to put them on. 
In her hand was a large carry-all bag and she pulled a few items to briefly 
show me. The strap-on dildo, puppy tail, bridle and gag. "I'm looking 
forward to having a puppy," she giggled.

Darlene took my leash and led me down the stairs and through the milling, 
laughing people. I drew a few curious stares but most ignored me.

As we past the crowded front room, I saw Hannah and Julie dancing together 
as slow music played. Hannah had her eyes closed and her head on her 
partners shoulder. Julie saw me as I walked slowly past and smiled coldly at 
me, her eyes glinting.

A tug on the leash and I followed Darlene to her car, my new life and my new 
home.
Nessus29@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nessus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





