BDSM Library - Michael




Michael
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: If you have enjoyed reading "Engaged and Committed", feast your eyes on this: time to put a guy in torture and rape for a change.
Michael




Michael

Part One: The Blackstone institute


Chapter One

The transition from dreamworld to reality was slow but relentless. Even in
sleep, Michael knew that something was terribly wrong, that consciousness would
bring unwelcome knowledge. He clung to the scraps of the dream that lingered in
his mind and tried to ignore the increasing discomfort in his body as it
awakened.

Awareness arrived, and told him that he was lying on his back on a soft surface,
with his legs raised and parted. Something light covered his body. His limbs
felt heavy and stiff, his mouth was parched and his head ached. His eyes felt
gummy and would not open. He tried to wipe away the residue of sleep from his
eyes but his arm did not, or could not, respond to the signals his brain sent
it.  Panic rose inside him, rushing up from the pit of his stomach to his head,
leaving a bitter taste in its wake. Dizzily, he tried to turn over, but again he
could not move.

Just calm down, he told herself, fighting the urge to scream, knowing that he
might not be able to stop if he did. He began methodically checking his body,
limb by limb. There was sensation in every part of his body, as far as he could
tell, although he could not move an inch. It felt as if he was wrapped in straps
that were also attached firmly to the bed, suppressing any movement. He could
just manage to get a wriggle out of his toes, but that was the limit of his
mobility.

His legs were held at a ninety degree angle from his body, with his knees bent,
so that he was in a sitting position, and his legs were spread wide. He guessed
that his legs were propped up in gyneaocological stirrups for he could not bring
his thighs any closer together.

Michael was naked apart from the restraints. Between his legs, he could feel
that his penis had been strapped in position, exposing his sex in full  glory.
He felt that unmistakable bareness that told him that his pubic hair had been
completely shaved off. There was some kind of rather uncomfortable tube attached
to him down there, but he couldn't work out what it was for. It wasn't in her
rectum, but it was definitely inside him. It was hard to tell, but he also
thought he could feel something lightly pressing against his prostate, which was                     
throbbing a little. He wished that he could touch himself to see what had been
done, or at least pull his legs together so that he wouldn't feel so vulnerable.
He hoped that the cover went all the way down and hid his exposed penis from
view.

A sudden swishing sound by the side of his head preceded the touch of a cool and
soft hand on his forehead. Michael was startled, but soon soothed by the kind
female voice that crooned; "There, there, you poor man, waking up all alone.
Let's wash the sleep out of your eyes, shall we?"

A damp cloth gently rubbed his face, removing the gluey substance from his eyes.
Michael blinked and gradually opened them all the way. He looked up into an
exquisitely beautiful face surrounded by a white headscarf. The young woman
stroked Michael's forehead and smiled.

"You must be thirsty. Here, let me help you with some water." The woman reached
for a squeeze bottle with a long straw and held it to Michael's lips. As he
sipped, tasting the sweet sticky liquid, he tried  to observe his surroundings.
He was lying on a bed  in a small room with dirty green tiles on the wall.  His
body was under a white sheet hat came up to his  bare shoulders, and rose up
over his legs, obscuring his view of most of the room. He could see a single 
window which was covered with a thick steel bars,  but no door, so he guessed
that it must be on the wall  that was hidden by the sheet. There was a little
metal table  next to the bed, and a sink. But except for those the  room was as
bare as a prison cell.

The woman was obviously a nurse. She wore a well-fitted white tunic, that was
maybe just a little shorter in the leg and deeper in the cleavage than the
average nurse's uniform. Her white heels were high and pointed, but her
headdress was rather like a nun's. It was a strange combination.

"Where am I?" asked Michael once he had quenched his thirst a little bit.

"You don't know where you are? ...Well, where do you think you are, Michael?"
she replied softly while tilting  one of her brows to an arc. She obviously was
concerned  about his strange question.

"This is a hospital, isn't it? So I must have had an accident."  Michael
frowned. He suddenly realised that there was a gaping hole in his memory that
extended from... when? He could remember being on his way to see Leasa, his
fiancï¿½e, to spend a romantic weekend together at her  place but that she
unexpectedly had to cover work for a  sick coworker nurse at the Windsor
institute where she was  employed as one of the senior nurse staff.  He
remembered a message left on her answering machine and  her invitation to come
over to the Institute to accompany  her through her night shift. But what
happened afterwards?  Did he went to see her at that so-called Institute? What 
kind of Institute was it anyway? He probed his mind for more information but
none was forthcoming. A sliver of fear slid into his heart.

"Where's Leasa?"

The nurse smiled sweetly and shook her head. "I don't know who Leasa is, my
dear. Do you remember how you got here?"

Michael shook his head, "I can't remember anything bad, but something bad must
have happened, right?"

The nurse stroked Michael's cheek. "Don't worry. You've had some serious
physical trauma and it's not surprising that your mind is a little shaken up.
Everything will come back to you soon, when the time is right. Right now you
need to stay relaxed and think about positive things, so that your body will
heal."

"But what is wrong with me? Why can't I move? I don't feel any pain in my body."

The nurse pulled down the sheet a little, so that it just covered Michael's
nipples. Michael could now see that there were leather constrains snaking up
from under his armpits and circling his chest above his torso. The constrains
also crossed between his nipples and wrapped around beneath them. Judging from
his complete inability to move, the bindings were also fixed firmly to the
mattress somehow. He wasn't sure why his upper half had been left bare, but it
made him feel a little edgy, especially as the sheet was hardly covering him.

"I'm going to tell the doctor that you are awake."  The nurse put her hand on
Michael's shoulder, which made him feel slightly aroused.  "I'm nurse Angelica,
and if you need me for anything, just call. I can hear you with this little
intercom, see?" Nurse Angelica gestured to the head of the bed where Michael
could see, by craning his head back, that there was a tiny microphone attached.
"Just relax, doctor Stanfield  will be in soon."

As the nurse moved to go, her hand slid downwards and brushed over Michael's
strapped down penis. Michael's face turned a little red, he's getting a hard
one.  The sheet slid down further and revealed Michael's nudity  almost
completely. Nurse Angelica had already turned away, and Michael was too
embarrassed to call her back.

Michael was mortified that the doctor would come in and find him this way, but
there was nothing he could do to cover himself. They are doctors, he told
herself, they won't care about an erect cock. But then he felt a draft between
his legs and his mind reeled in horror as he realised that his most private
parts were totally open to scrutiny as well. The doctors were bound to be
examining him down there. They had already put the tube in. What else might they
do? Panicking, he began to struggle violently, however, this seem to be of no
use.




Michael

Chapter Two

"And how is the patient doing today? Is everything going well?"   A tall man in
his late sixties dressed in a white doctor's  uniform was staring down at
Michael's face. He was examinating  his eyes and pulled with his glove covered
index finger Michael's  left eyelid up. The man, who was probably a doctor of
some kind,  was not addressing to Michael in particular because he continued 
his questioning without waiting for a reply.

"How long has he been awake?"

"For only about half an hour sir, I was checking his statistics  when he started
mumbling and stirring in his sleep."

"Did you give him any medicines after he awoke?"

"I've only given him something to drink, nothing else doctor."

"Did you prepare the equipment for the operation?"

"Yes doctor."   "Good, than we can go on with the procedures."

Michael, who was still strapped down to his strange and  demeaning position,
started to panic. When the doctor first  entered the room, he has hoped that he
was able to explain to  him what has happened, but instead, he was completely 
ignored and they were bound to start some kind of medical  procedure on him. He
tried to speak up to attract their attention,  but his throat was soar and his
voice seemed too small to  be heard by the others.

"What, what's going on, what are you going to do with me?"

The nurse, who Michael remembered to be called Angelica,  turned to him and
tried to comfort him by stroking his hair  which has became moist with his
transpiration.  "Calm down Michael, everything is going to be alright,  the
doctor is going to conduct a small operation which is  standard for any new male
patients arriving at the Blackstone  Asylum. We have anaesthetized you so you
won't have any  pain in case you woke up before the procedure has ended.  It
will be over soon."

Michael's mind started racing after hearing the nurse's reply,  What does she
mean by standard procedures, why was he  committed into an asylum? He suddenly
remembered his trapped  private parts and fear gripped over him as he imagined
what kind  of treatment they could have installed for him. "No, please, don't 
castrate me!!!"  He pleaded and tried to struggle out of his restrains.  With
shear panic in his eyes he begged the nurse to release him, but  Angelica only
smiled at him pitifully and kept whipping his damp  hair out of his pale face.
"Don't worry, everything is going to be fine,  just try to relax."      

Suddenly, he felt a cold metal probe tunnelling deep into  his rectum and
pushing down at his prostate. It didn't hurt  him but the pressure applied to
his prostate made him want to  release himself and let him lose some urine,
which the nurse  wiped away with a damp jodium soaked cloth without even 
looking twice. Michael on the other hand felt humiliated and  tried to hold the
rest of his bladder contents in. He tilted his  head to the right as far as his
restrains allowed him, and observed  in quit panic the doctor, who was examining
the instruments that  where spread across the table on a green cloth.

"Is the incision area sterilized nurse Angelica?"

"Yes doctor."

"Good, we can begin."

Michael saw the doctor heading for his rear end, which was still  covered with
the white sheet. He carried a black humming box which  was connected to a series
of wires that disappear beneath the sheets.  Suddenly, Michael felt a flow of
electric shocks exploding against  his prostate, each of them lasting only 2
seconds or so, he felt his  pelvis muscle contract and the  bladder which he has
been trying to  constrain with so much effort emptied itself. Before he could
recover  from the first blast, The doctor pushed the button for auto control 
and Michael was internally bombarded by a series of electric shocks.  To his
disgust, the enforced movements of his pelvis induced his penis  to erect into
full proportions, however, because of the anaesthetics he  didn't feel aroused
at all and he was very afraid that his erect throbbing  lid will succumb to the
doctor's knife. Michael tried to call out for help but the only sounds he was
able to  produce between the electric shocks he received was childish mumbling.

Angelica was keeping an eye on Michael while Dr Stanfield proceeded.  She
noticed Michael's effort to speak and felt sorry for the young man  strapped
down at the operation table. How can such a kind looking man  with those sad
puppy eyes be a reaper and a woman killer? Of course she  knows his records and
was familiar with the reason of his commission to  the Blackstone Institute,
which was infact an asylum for the criminally insane.  But still..  The poor guy
is petrified that he will be castrated, but instead the doctor  was inserting
electrodes and sensors underneath his lid. The sensors can  be set to give a
signal when the penis was erected by arousal, this activates  a chip, which will
also be inserted into the male patient, to release a series  of painful electric
shocks to the neurons in the penis, causing the patient  squirm and scream with
pain. This punitive device was used to prevent  male patients getting their
hands on female orderlies and nurses, it was  also used as a punishment for
patients who were charged with rape crimes.  For Michael, this means that any
arousal will be punished with a series of  200 Volts electro shocks lasting for
more than two hours. Angelica felt  really sorry for him, the 200 Volt chip was
only meant for severe rape  criminals and was in practice hardly ever used.  
Michael's ordeal lasted no longer than 20 minutes, but to Michael it  seemed
like hours, finally, the electric shocks seized and after Dr Stanield  has sewed
tight the incision wounds, a sedative drug was administrated to  him by
Angelica, which put him within minutes into a light slumber.  He felt that his
constrains were removed and that he was lifted off the operation  table by two
male orderlies, and put onto a stretcher. They strapped  Michael to the
stretcher using leather wrist and ankle cuffs. One of  them looked at Michael
and smiled friendly at him. "So my friend,  that was something wasn't it? Now
just relax and don't start any  trouble, than everything is going to be all
right." Michael tried to smile  back at the orderly, he felt dizzy in a good
kind of way and was totally  exhausted. The only thing he wanted to do now was
rest, he hardly has  the energy to cause any trouble at all.       

As Michael was wheeled out of the small operation room and into  the corridor,
he stared at the green ceiling that was gliding above him  at what it seemed
bedazzling speed. Michael wanted to make a comment to the  friendly orderly, the
one who has asked him to be cooperative, but as  soon he opened his mouth he
forgot what he had in mind. Soon the  drug kicked in completely and Michael
dozed off into a serine sleep.




Michael

Chapter 3

"Michael.. Michael, are you awake?" He was lying on the soft padding  of an
isolation cell, curled up in a corner and strapped firmly in a straitjacket 
when Angelica entered the next morning to check on him and feed him his 
breakfast. Michael opened his eyes and was greeted by her warm and  friendly
smile, which was one of Angelica's many enchanting features.  Although he was
still disorientated by the sedative drug given to him  after his operation
yesterday, although his arms were aching and his  heart was refilling with the
fear of his commission into this hell hole,  he felt secure and save in her
company. "Are you hungry enough to eat  something or do you want to wait a
while?" She asked compassionately,  "I think you really should try to eat
something, otherwise you will go  hunger for the morning."  She helped Michael
to sit upright after she  had watched him struggle clumsily to get up by
himself. With her soft  hands she gently stroke his hair away, which kept
falling over his eyes.  He is really sweet, she thought, what a shame that he
has to spent the  rest of his life in here. Michael gave the nice nurse a quit
little smile  and said softly;  "I think I want to try some of that fine
breakfast of  yours, although I cannot promise to keep it down." Angelica bound
a  napkin around his neck and fed him some kind of cold watery porridge, 
although the stuff was dreadful, he was really hungry and eagerly gulfed  down
every spoon that she offered to him. It was only after a while that  he noticed
that he was drooling. Ashamed of this uncontrolled behaviour,  he hoped that
Angelica was not noticing it and he tried to lick up his salivary  every time
just before she brought the next spoon to his mouth.

That was not really successful and Angelica again felt pity for him that he was
so embarrassed, so she pretended not to see him drooling and spoiled on purpose 
from time to time some porridge on his face in order to wipe off his drool.

"So, are you feeling better now? If you have any pain, I can give you some
medication for it." Angelica hoped that Michael won't asked for any sedative
drugs because it was known that most of the patients in the Institute became
addicted to them. The senior staff were happy to use those drugs to keep their
control over the patients, since it kept them docile and helpless, but Angelica
was always against that policy. She thought it to be amoral and cruel to sedate
the patients just to convenience the staff. 

"No I don't think I need them yet, but my arms are aching and I can hardly
breathe in this straitjacket, can you please release me from this thing?"
Michael replied. He has apparently slept all night lying on his left arm and it
felt like it would snap out of its base at any moment. The orderlies had also
strapped a crotch strap over the bandages which were covering his wounded lid
and secured it to the slots provided by the straitjacket. Because they were
fastened to tight, every movement with his arms or legs were transferred into a
sharp pain in his private parts. That's why it was so hard for him to sit up
right, in order to do so he had to stretch his straitjacket and the attached the
slots in length, causing the crotch strap to cut into into his wounded flesh
between his legs. He tried it once when nurse Angelica came in and the pain that
was caused by that action made his eyes water and he was curled up and lying on
the floor within seconds trying to stop the pain. He really hoped that Angelica
would not make him to sit up in order to eat the dam breakfast, but she was
obvious familiar with her new patient's suffering and helped him in an upright
position without hurting him too much by slightly bending his back forward a
little, letting the cotton fibers that connect the crotch strap and the slots to
relax. "She is really a nice person." He thought. "Maybe she will pity me and
let me out of this uncomfortable torture device."

Angelica gave Michael another of her gentle smiles and said; "I am sorry
Michael, the straitjacket has to stay on for a while, but if your behaviour is
good, you will soon be allowed to live without it."

" Please Michael, don't despair. It 's not that bad in here." She tried to
comfort her new patient as much as she can but Michaels eyes went watery and his
face was filled with sorrow after hearing her last words. "But, what have I done
to deserve this? I am not crazy you have to believe me!! Let me call my parents,
they live in New Jersey and they can proof that I am a nice and sane person. Or,
let me call my girlfriend Leasa Richardson, we are engaged only a little while
ago and she knows that I am normal guy, please, let me call her!!! "

Angelica did everything trying to get Michael calmed down but he kept on
rambling and pleading about his sanity when the door to his cell opened and two
black orderlies came in. Angelica seemded to expecting them because she said
softly to one of them; "Please Jakc, just be gentle with him, he has just
arrived and the operation wounds are not healed yet." The black orderly who was
supposed to be called Jake grabbed Michael by his left arm painfully and
replied; "But don't' you think he needs some tranquillisers, he's rambling like
an idiot, seems like the boy is hysteric or something."

"No I don't want you to give him any, he is just unfamiliar with the whole
situation, that's all, now please be gentle with him during bathing, I don't
want him to get hurt!!" Angelica stared with a severe look at Jake, hoping that
her words and gesture were enough to make the big black man obey her orders.
Jake was a strong and in his mid thirties, he came to work in the Institute when
he was just a teenager put on civil service for robbery and violent behaviour.
He has been working here ever since and was notorious for his cruel treatments
of disobedient patients. There where also roamers that the man assaulted and
raped male patients, and although Angelica had never believed those macabre
stories she was deep in her heart petrified by that man. She only never showed
it in front of him for her patient's sake. She could only imagine how scared her
poor patients were, since they were totally defenceless against him. Jake
however, seemed to at least respect a certain amount of authority, a weakness
she tried to exploit to protect her patients and herself from him.
Unfortunately, it did not always work.

Jake gave her a honing smile and shrugged. "Ok, If that's the way you want it,
we will make sure our little friend here will have a nice bath and we will stay
low on the drugs." he turned his face to Michael and said; "too bad nurse
Angelica don't want you to get some of those fine stuff, you don't know what
you're missing!"

Under the worried eyes of Angelica, Michael was dragged on his feet by the two
orderlies and guided out of his cell. When they were disappeared in the
corridors she shake her head sadly and silently closed the door to Michael's
cell.




Michael
Part 2

Chapter 4

Michael tried to gasp for air when the first flow of ice-cold water hits his
stomach. He was hung by a couple of wrists cuffs coming from the ceiling of the
batching facility. Both his ankles were attached to a couple of old steel cuffs
boarded sturdy in the tiled floor. Although he could reach the ground with his
toes, he was unable to stand and his whole body weight hung on his sore arms.
Except for his bandages around his scrotum and penis, he was completely naked.
Michael screamed hell and murder to Jake and his colleague; "Stop this you sick
fuckers, Stop this!!!!!!" Jake however seemed to be familiar with this kind of
abuse and aimed with the jet to Michael's head. "Shut up you little white cunt,
now let me wash those dirty words out of your mouth!"

"Urppp, Hulpppr!" Water filled his mouth and nose, gasping for air, he swallowed
the water into his trachea and lungs, which made him cough spadismotically. When
the jet of cold water finally went down to his lower parts, Michael was still
trying to catch his breath. Jake was really enjoying the whole procedure and was
making a game out of it by making Michael spin around, using the force of the
jet. Michael's wrist cuffs became tighter with each round and he felt them cut
into his flesh. He tried to stop himself from spinning by getting a grip with
his toes on the cold tile floor but it was far too slippery. Besides, the cold
water was freezing his muscles and he began to feel numb. "So, it seems that our
new friend has decided to stop badmouthing us, how polite of him, maybe we will
get along after all." Jake aimed the jet to the bathing room floor, giving
Michael the time to regain some of his strength. He was still painting heavily,
and was shivering because of the cold. The so-called bathing facility they had
brought him to was not heated and after his ice cold shower he felt like he was
going to die of hypothermia. His breath was making clouds in the cold air. "What
season is it?"

He thought, remembering that he went to see Laesa in early autumn. The weather
during his ride from Chicago where he lived and worked to Laesa in Windsor was
pleasant and warm. He remembered having the rooftop of his cabrio down and the
late September sun warming up his face while listing to 'Bitter sweet symphony"
on the radio, one of his favourite songs. Judging by the temperature in this
cold and dark windowless room it should be near the beginning of the winter by
now. How could it be that such a long period of time between that warm autumn
day in September and this horrifying present is missing from his memory?  Before
Michael could organize any further thoughts, he was roughly brought back to
reality by Jake who was busy ripping off the bandages around his pubic area. "We
have to clean this smelly mess down here white boy, so you better keep your legs
parted while I am busy to make it easier on yourself or you will really regret
it afterwards." Michael tried to do so as told but Jake was really rough on him
and strips of bandage with coagulated blood and crust was ripped of the wound,
making him squirm and pull together his legs in agony. Jake irritated by this
performance, started shouting at him. "You silly little white dick, told you to
stand still. Now spread your legs again so I can remove the rest of the
bandages, I don't want to stare at your dirty little messy cock for ever you
know!" Hesitatingly, Michael spread is legs as far as he was allowed by his
restrains. He suddenly realised that his bladder was full since he wasn't
allowed to go the bathroom ever since he was put in a straitjacket last night.
It was really bad timing that he had to urinate right now, but the removal of
his crotch trap and bandages had dimished the pressure that had kept his urge to
relieve himself for so long. Scared of the consequences he might face when he
released as much as a drop in front of Jake's face he tried to hold it in as
good as he can. Jake was in the meantime ripping off the bandage around the most
painful swollen arias as slowly as possible to inflict more pain to his helpless
victim. He laughs mockingly; "So that's a good little white boy, now keep your
legs apart, daddy is going to give you something sweet." Without any further
warning, Jake's gigantic hand grab hold to Michael's red and swollen penis and
yanked it so hard that tears filled Michael's eyes and made him screaming like a
wounded animal. Jake, still holding Michaels dick in his tight and painful grip
started laughing and the other black orderly joined in. "That 's right Jake,
teach that little white bitch a lesson!" It was only when a warm stream of urine
was leaking onto his other wise stainless white uniform that Jake stopped
laughing and released Michaels tormented lid. "What the...YOU LITTLE SHIT!!!!!"

Michael had lost control of his bladder by Jake's infliction, although he was
first unaware of it            

Distracted as he was by the burning pain in his lower regions, he finally
realized to his full horror that he was urinating on his tormentor. He tried to
stop the hot stream coming out of his body but wasn't able to control it
completely and the urine kept dripping on Jake's uniform which was now showing a
big dark yellow spot.

"YOU MOTHER FUCKER, I AM GOING TO KILLYOU!!!"  Shouted Jake furiously, "JUST
WAIT YOU LITTLE WHITE DICK, I AM GOING TO FUCK YOUR BRAINS OUT FOR THIS!!!!!"

"No please..no...."Michael, numbed by all he already had to suffer felt his
heart racing in his throat. He tried to plead for mercy but his voice was
blocked by fear. Jake removed his wrists cuffs and pushed him together with the
other orderly to the cold floor. Michael tried to struggle against his
assaulters but Jake pushed his elbow in his spine, making Michael wince with
pain. Jake whispered in Michael's ear; "I am going to fuck that little white
cunt of yours, you should have listened to daddy, but oh no, you have to make
daddy mad, now you're going to have it!" Jake pulled his hard throbbing dick out
of his trousers and shafts it inside Michael's anus. Michael moaned and painted
heavily as the big black monster was enforced into his tight behind, It went al
the way inside him and he thought he was going to faint. The second orderly got
up from Michael's back and used a dirty looking towel to gag him in order to
smother the sounds he made. He secured the towel to Michael's head with a piece
of leathery restrain. Jake started to fuck Michael's ass in order to get himself
off. He was going faster en faster, thrusting his hot lid deeper and deeper in
Michael's rectum each time. "I am fucking you like the horny white bitch you
are!!!" shouted Jake and pulled hard at Michael's hair. "And you are enjoying it
aren't you, you little white demented slut, you really wanted to be fucked
didn't you hum!? Didn't you!?" Michael wanted to cry, he was in pain and he felt
terribly humiliated, and he begged for God's sake that his assaulter will stop
or that He would let him die. But Jake kept fucking him till he finally came and
Michael felt a warm flow of liquid released inside of him. Slowly, the gigantic
monster which has tormented his ass so heavily retreated and white creamy sperm
dripped out of Michaels ass to the floor. Michael tried to get up a little.
Although he was shivering of pain and humiliation he thought his ordeal was over
and he felt somewhat relieved.

"That was a sweet bitch.," said Jake to other orderly. While he zipped up his
trousers.  "Maybe you wanna try him, bet he's horny enough for us both." Before
the second black orderly forced his steaming lid inside of Michael could only
think that there was really no God and that his crazy uncle Thomas was right
about shit happening to good people....

When the second orderly finally came inside of Michael, his rectum was bleeding
heavily and he needed stitches. Jake however, ignored the damage he and his
colleague has done to him and started wrapping clean bandages around his scrotum
and penis. When they where done they rolled up the pieces of dirty bandages
which were earlier removed from Michael to an tight ball, and stack it deep into
is anus in order to stop it bleeding, stretching his newly inflicted wounds
painfully. "Now don't start that crying shit on me." said Jake as he saw Michael
tears rimmed eyes. "And I warn you, no squealing on us to nurse Angelica either,
or we will invite some brothers to share that pretty white ass of yours." But
Michael couldn't help it, he started sobbing in front of the orderlies like a
little child while they were putting hem into his straitjacket. Jake, disgusted
and feeling pity for the guy at the same time finally gagged him with the towel
and restrains used earlier to stop him whining. He grabbed Michael as gently as
he possibly could by his arms and helped him back on his feet, since Michael
kept going through his knees. " Now stand up you little white cunt. Listen to
me, we are going to bring you back to your cell, so try to work with us a
little, and I promise we won't hurt you anymore for today." Michael felt
relieved to hear this and he tried as good as his injuries allowed walking with
to orderlies back to his cell. When they finally arrived, Jake took over from
his colleague and put Michael as gently as he could down on the soft padded
floor in a corner of the room. "Now," he whispered into Michael's ears, "I know
that you were hurt this first time, but I promise that you will grow to like it
eventually." He stuck his tongue in his ears and than licked the salted tears
that were running from Michael's cheeks. "See you around little white cunt."
Jake stood up and left, locking the door behind him, leaving Michael lying cold
and wounded on the floor of his padded cell.  




Michael

Chapter 5 : Dane

Three weeks later, Michael was standing in the corridor in front of Dr
Stanfield's room. A white orderly called Dane has brought him here to see doctor
Stanfield for an examination. In order to keep Michael docile during the whole
procedure, he was drugged with propafol, to make him too dizzy and nauseous to
run away or give any resistance.

During these two weeks in the asylum, Michael's health was restoring and the
surgical wound on his penis was healed. Although they made him wear the
straitjacket and the crotch strap all the time, he has grown used to it. The
crotch strap could even arouse him when he made a certain motion or when he sat
in a specific way. Sometimes late at night, when he was locked away in his cell
after Angelica has fed him his meal and kissed him goodnight he would try to
masturbate by flexing his pelvis muscles rhythmically and adding pressure to his
crotch trap. The first few times he did this he used to picture Leasa before
him, lying naked in front of him, with her milky white skin and perfect shaped
breast as round and soft as peaches. He would imagine sliding his throbbing lid
into her warm and moist vagina, kissing her golden manes and burying his face in
her neck. But lately, the memory of her began to fade and Michael started
picturing nurse Angelica during his feeble attempts to masturbate. He was
ashamed of this behavior, finding it perverse of himself to be aroused in even
these kind of surroundings, however it was his only escape from the horrors he
had to endure in reality. Jake and his pale Fly (the other black orderly) bathed
him every 3 days and every time they would chain him, humiliate him and rape
him. Jake was resourceful and tried out different ways to make his life a living
hell. At one time he stuck the water hose in Michael's ass and turned up the
jet. Michael was screaming while his bowels filled with gallons and gallons of
water and he suffered from severe diarrhea afterwards. The orderlies mockingly
wrapped him into a diaper to prevent him from soiling his cell, but refused to
change him till the next washing day, leaving him to sit and sleep in his own
excrements. They also refused to let him go to the toilet when they were in
charge, forcing him to pie in his pants.

"Look what our little demented friend is doing, can't even keep his bladder in
control." Said Jake when he brought in Michael's meal and saw his yellow stained
crotch. "Since you soil yourself like an animal you maybe should also eat like
one!" He poured the porridge all over Michael's crotch and ordered him to lick
it up. Michael, afraid of the cruel punishment that awaits him if he refused,
bended over and licked up the porridge from his own urine stained crotch, while
Jake laughed and amused himself over his humiliation. Michael hated Jake, but he
was also very afraid of him, so when this morning Jake entered Michael's cell
together with Dane to bring him to Dr Stanfield, Michael jumped up en fled to
the door. Jake however was really fast and caught Michael by his legs. Michael
fell with his face down on the floor while Dane jumped on his back and locked
him into position by pushing his knees in his spine and securing his head with
both his hands. Michael screamed and tried to free himself from Dane's grip, but
with the straitjacket on, he couldn't use his arms. Dane pushed Michael's face
deep down the soft padding of the floor, silencing his screams. Jake pulled down
Michael's pants and inserted a thick needle in his buttock and emptied the
syringe, releasing the anesthetic. Michael moaned softly, while Jake rubbed the
drug in to his muscles, and pulled his pants back up. They left him lying there
for a while to let the drugs kick in.

"What are you going to do with me?" Whispered Michael while he tried to get up,
but his muscles were getting numb. He started to transpire heavily and his
vision got blurry. Finally, he managed to lift his head an inch from the floor
to look up at his tormentors. Jake was leaning against the porch of the door,
smoking a cigarette, while Dane was fumbling in his jacket pocket, trying to
find something. He fished out a set of ankle cuffs and some kind of dog leash
and started to approach Michael. "Easy sport, we are not going to hurt you, we
are bringing you to see Dr Stanfield for a general examination. If you work with
us I promise that you will be back safe in your cell in no time. Now hold your
legs still and let me put these on." Michael obeyed the orderly and stopped
trying to kick him with his legs. He recognized Dane as the friendly orderly who
spoke to him after the operation he was subdued to during his first day at the
Asylum. Although he wasn't sure that his intensions were benign, he trusted the
long, dark haired orderly with the honest looking face more than he trusted
Jake. Dane secured the ankle cuffs around his ankles and put a leather collar
around his neck. The collar was attached to a thick long chain, just like one
you would use to walk a dog. "Ok my friend, get up now, we are ready to go."
Dane gently grabbed Michael's left arm and tried to get him up from the floor.
He tried to let Michael stand up on his own but he was already way off and kept
going through his knees, fallen back on Dane for support. "Damm it! Jake, can't
you move you're sorry ass over here and help me with him? He is way off by now,
we should have brought the wheelchair!" Jake, who has been standing by the door
relaxing, came over and grabbed the leash out of Dane's hands. "You don't have
to help him to get up his feet. He can do that by himself! Drop him and I will
show you." Dane, not sure what Jake meant, let Michael's weakened body slides
down to the floor. Jake shortened the leash en jerked hard. Michael felt the
collar around his neck tightening, making it hard for him to breathe. "Now let's
see if our little pet is still to weak to walk by itself." Said Jake, smiling
devilishly and started pulling the collar while he walked to the door, dragging
Michael over the floor by his throat. Michael was suffocating and started to
cough and breath spadismatically, he tried to get up to avoid strangulation, but
once he was on his knees after great efforts, Jake would shorten the leash and
jerk hard, causing Michael to land face down to the floor. "COME ON YOU PATHETIC
LITTLE DICK, YOU DON'T WANNA GET ME MAD!" Shouted Jake and started kicking
Michael in his testicles while shortening the leash even more. Michael was lying
on the floor, twisting in pain and gasping for air while he started to black
out.  "What are you doing? Stop that! Are you trying to kill the guy?" Dane
stormed up at Jake and tried to grab the leash out of his hands, but Jake pushed
him fiendishly aside and Dane landed with his back against the padded walls.
"Don't spoil this mother fucker Dane, He is walking on his own shitty legs to
the doctor and we ain't gonna carry or drag him. Now get up or I am going to
lynch you alive you sick little dick!" Again Jake jerked on the leash and
Michael was cut off air all together, panicking, he started to crawl on his
strapped elbows and his knees to get closer to Jake in order to relax the leash.
Jake seemed to be amused by this and loosened the leash a little, while he
watched his victim crawl like a dog. When Michael reached Jake's feet, he tried
to get up on his feet, but his legs felt like they were turned into jelly and he
kept falling back on his fours. Jake, sadistic as he was, took this opportunity
to step on Michael's right foot, leaning with his whole weight on it. Michael
screamed and tried to pull back his foot, but Jake tightened the leash till up
to a few inches, forcing Michael to sit strait up and to stretch his neck in
order to avoid suffocation.

"Jake, this is enough! If you don't let him go I will report you to Dr
Stanfield!" Dane voice trembled of anger and frustration. Although Dane was a
strong man in his early thirties, he was no match for Jake and incidents like
these always made him feel helpless. The only thing he can do now is trying to
reason with him.

"Please Jake, leave him alone, you don't wanna get into serious trouble because
of him, do you?" Jake gave Dane a dirty look and for a while Dane was afraid
that his comments on his behavior would only feed his anger, making it even
worse for the poor soul who was delivered at his mercy. To his great relieve,
Jake let the leash go and Michael who was almost passed out fell coughing and
gasping back on the floor. "If you want to drag him two corridors down to see
Stanfield, fine, but don't expect me to help you with it." Jake cleared his
throat and angrily spit on the floor next to Michael. "This little sick dick
ain't worth it!" Jake left the room, leaving him alone to take care of patient. 

Dane carefully lifted Michael up by his arms, he didn't want to upset him
anymore than he al ready was after suffering from Jake's treatment. " Hee sport,
are you OK? Just keep on breathing, let me loosen this dam collar for you." Dane
widened the collar around Michael's neck when he noticed the red stains that the
collar left in his flesh. Dam, he thought, Jake must have jerked on that leash
real hard...poor guy. Angelica was right asking me to accompany Jake to pick him
up to see Dr Stanfield. If Jake had gone alone or together with that no good
pale of his, they would have certainly made it real hard for the poor devil. He
let Michael sit straight up and recover for a while before he started helping
him up his feet. "So, do you think you can walk together with me to see Dr
Stanfield?" he asked and gave Michael a friendly smile. Michael, although still
shaking from exhaustion, was thankful for Dane's kindness and nodded. Dane led
Michael trough the door, while supporting him with his right arm.        




Michael

Chapter 6: Dr Stanfield

Dr Stanfield was sitting at his dark oaken desk in his office and was busy
flipping through Michael's file while eating his lunch. Dr Stanfield was a tall
man in his late sixties. In his mid thirties, Dr Stanfield was a well-known and
respected psychiatrist. His therapy for rapists and other kinds of sex
disillusioned patients based on a humane treatment and intensive physiological
guidance was very successful and was adapted in almost every state psychiatric
institute. However, his reputation was tarnished 10 years ago, during a trial
process that falsely accused the doctor of severe abuse of his patients. Dr
Stanfield was expelled from the academic society and was forced to resign from
him position as a chairman from the council of mental health care. Bitter and
revengeful as he was at that time, Dr Stanfield acquired the poor paid job as a
physician at the state institute for the criminally insane in a little village
called Black Stone in Maine. He started to work his way up in the institute and
finally ended up to become one of the head physicians. Dr Stanfield no longer
believed that sex criminals should be treated in a humane way, au contrary,
these freaks of nature should be submitted to harsh and severe punishments to
stop them harming others and themselves. Coming from a very religious Catholic
family, Dr Stanfield believed that sex, for any other purpose than propagation,
was a devilish act, provoked by the Satan itself. Today, he would try to save
one of these poor fools from this demonic burden of sex.

When Michael was brought in by Dane, He was quivering from the lack of muscle
control as a result of the anesthetic drug he was given. Dr Stanfield ordered
Dane to remove Michael's clothes and put him in the "treatment" chair, a massive
wooden structure in the middle of the room which has been bolted sturdy into the
floor. Michael was tied up naked with his ankles strapped to the legs of the
chair with metal ankle cuffs, metal cuffs were also placed around his neck, his
waist, and his wrists. Each of these cuffs were secured to the chair so that he
was very restricted in movement. Michael felt humiliated by his enforced pose,
but was also weakly aroused by it, and his dick started to rise a little. What
is wrong with me? He thought by himself, here he was stripped bare naked before
the eyes of two other men and tied up like an lab animal and he was getting wet.
Dr Stanfield observed Michael's minor erection with a disgusted look on his face
and asked Dane to leave the room. " I will call you in to return Mister Ambrose
to his cell when I'm finished with him Dane, go have your lunch." Dane nodded
and closed to door to Dr Stanfield's office while leaving.

The first 5 minutes that Michael was left alone with Dr Stanfield he was ignored
and the doctor walked to the left corner of the room, in which stood a large
bookcase filled with what seemed to Michael hundreds of books. The doctor took a
volume out of the bookcase that was entitled " medical treatments for the
insane" dated 1925 and flipped to a page marked by him with a dodger. He stood
there reading a passage out of the book, while fumbling in his pockets of his
white doctor's coat. He finally fished out his mobile phone and dialed in an
automatic number. "Hello, Dr Stanfield here, I think you can come in over half
an hour, he should be ready by then." After making his short call, the doctor
returned the book in the bookcase and walked over to Michael, who started to
think that however strange this doctor fellow may be, he was surely a physician
since he had the profession's trade mark; an undisguised arrogance towards
patients.

"So Mister Ambrose," he said while he gloved his hands " I think you probably
know that I am Dr Stanfield. I am the physician in charge of your treatment and
mental health. Your progress or your failure to progress will be my
responsibility. Therefore, I do not tolerate any disobedience, anything in your
behavior that what so ever displeases me or will tarnish my reputation here at
Black Stone institute will be severely punished!  I thrust that you know in what
kind of institute you are in?"

Michael was looking straight at the face of the doctor, his words has scared him
since they really made him feel like he was some kind of mental health patient
who needed therapy, but if he ever wanted to get someone in authority to listen
to him, this was now or never.

He stumbled; "I.., I don't know where I am, I woke up and the first thing I knew
was that I was strapped down to a operation table. The people in here treat me
horrible and they keep telling me that I am mad, that I deserve to be treated
like this. Please Dr Stanfield, I am not insane nor a criminal. This must be
some kind of mistake and"

Before he could finish his sentence, Dr Stanfield grabbed Michael's balls and
was twisting it until it turned purple. Michael screamed and tears rimmed his
eyes.

"Are you telling me that THIS is the reaction of a normal mentally healthy male?
Shouted the doctor and he nodded to Michael's quickly disappearing erection.
"You are, to address this in more common term, a sick little fucker AND a liar!
Don't tell me that you don't remember raping two young teenage girls and being
sentence for life in an mental health institute for it, don't give me that
amnesia CRAP!"

Michael's heart turned ice-cold when he overheard the doctor's words. No, that
can't be true! He can't recount any of those things. This must be some kind of
mistake, this is a bad dream, nothing more than a nightmare. Within seconds he
would wake up and find himself warm and safe back in his bed with Leasa at is
site. This MUST be a dream!

But it surely wasn't a dream; Dr Stanfield kept shouting abuse in Michael's face
while he tied up his balls with a string of rough rope. He than parted them
using the rope, carving deep into his soft flesh. "Now lift your ass off the
chair." The doctor commanded and Michael, as helpless as he was, obeyed the
order. The doctor ran the rope across Michael's ass, parting his ass cheeks and
cutting into his rosebud. The doctor jerked the rope to assure that pain will be
constantly inflicted upon his victim and finally secured it tightly to Michael's
neck cuff. 

"Now let me start over again, Mister Ambrose, do you know in what kind of health
institute you are?" Michael, who was still disillusioned and hoped to be
awakened any time from this nightmare shouted at him; "This is not real and you
are not real, this is a fucking nightmare!" Dr Stanfield's face hardened and
walked to his desk to collect his treatment tools. Michael was obviously going
to be a difficult patient to treat.

"I am afraid that you are still not willing to accept the consequences of your
crimes, maybe this is going to bring you back to reality. Now, this is gonna
hurt you more than it's gonna hurt me." Dr Stanfield placed two steel
sharp-ended pincers on Michael's tortured scrotum. Michael screamed and moaned,
he wriggled his body and arched his back trying to escape the pain. Please, God
let me wake up, Please! Don't let it go on! He shouted in his mind. But God
seemed to be merciless and Dr Stanfield placed five more of these inferno
torture devices on Michael's scrotum. He particularly selected area's which
showed the underlying veins and pinched them to reduce bloodflow out if his
balls, making them to swell up and increasing to his pain.

Dr Stanfield let him suffer for a while, and walked to his desk to get some of
his paperwork done. He sat behind his desk and started typing an article as if
nothing has happened. The time seemed to crawl by for poor Michael and since he
was unable to look down at his crotch he was sure that his balls had been turned
into a bloody mess and would drop off any time. Every minute op pain made him
come more to terms with reality and finally he gave up his though of all this
being a nasty dream and the little bit of hope he had left in his heart left
him. He started sobbing while his body trembled uncontrollably. He felt cold and
abandoned by everybody; Leasa, his friends and his parents. He remembered that
his parents had taught him to be strong and to respect himself. If they could
see what has become of him now. How ashamed would they be!

Finally, Dr Stanfield was finished with his article and walked back again to see
Michael. He observed his patient's fear and distress; tears were running down
his face and dripped onto his naked body. He was sobbing loudly and his body was
trembling. Good, very good, thought the doctor, I think this may have done the
trick. He stared right into Michael's face and said; "So Mister Ambrose, still
thinking that this is all just a rosy day dream and not harsh reality, or have
you come to your senses?

Michael didn't know how fast he had to nod to please the sadistic doctor. "Yes,
you are right, this is not a dream, this is real. Please don't hurt me no more."

Dr Stanfield smiled contently; "You see! With a little help and you will be
better within months! Now let me work down my little checklist. Can you finally
tell me in what kind of institute you are committed? And remember the pincers!"

"It's.... It's the state asylum of the mentally insane."

"Correct! Very good! Now, next question. Why are you committed in here?"

Michael hesitated to answer this question, he knew what Dr Stanfield wanted him
to say, but answering the right answer will also mean that he will admit to his
fictive crimes. Since he was innocent, discriminating himself felt like a
terrible thing to do. Although it seemed impossible to him to convince anyone in
this institute of his innocence, he still had his morals values, and admitting
to crimes as low as rape and murder of defenseless young girls, which he could
never commit, was almost as bad as actually committing the crimes themselves.

Dr Stanfield waited impatiently for a couple of seconds and that turned away
from Michael while he shake his head. This was going to be a long session. He
walked over to his tool cabinet and collected some sterile number 4 stitch
threads, needles and a pot of Vaseline and laid them neatly on the table in
front of Michael. He also collected what seemed like long flexible sticks with
different thickness and also displayed them on the table as if he tried to make
sure that Michael noticed them.

Without further saying a word, Dr Stanfield grabbed Michael's cock and picked up
the thinnest stick displayed on the table. Michael, finally realizing what the
doctor wanted to do was sick with fair and tried to free himself from his bonds.
Dr Stanfield watched his fruitless attempts and felt pity for the deranged
creature. This however didn't prevent him from proceeding his treatment and
before the eyes of his devastated victim he inserted the 10 cm long thin stick
into his urine tube. Michael once again screamed out of pain and twisted in his
bonds. The doctor inserted the stick as far as he could and then pulled it out
slowly. He rubbed the stick against the urine tube's wall, causing Michael to
howl like a wounded animal. The doctor played with Michael's cock for a couple
of minutes and then retreated the torture device. Michael felt like his penis
was on fire and he was breathing heavily trying to relieve himself from some of
the pain. He saw trough his half closed eyes that the doctor picked up the
second stick in his arrangement, also 10 cm long and flexible, but thicker that
the first one. Michael shrugged and started to beg the doctor not to insert it
in him but his pleas were totally ignored. Carefully, the second stick was
inserted into Michael's cock and this one was causing him even more distress
than the first. The doctor worked down all the seven different sizes of sticks,
ending up with inserting a thick stick with a diameter of 1 cm into Michael's
tormented lid, he shoved it in and out for a while before inserting it as far as
he could into Michael's penis and leaving it there. Michael in the mean time
went almost mad because of the pain and was only able to produce animal like
sounds to express his distress. Dr Stanfield finally inserted dollops of
Vaseline into his enlarged urine tube and sealed the opening with neat surgical
stitches, trapping the stick inside his cock. 

Dr Stanfield removed his gloves and washed his hands with disinfecting soap.
"You won't be able to urinate for while Mister Ambrose. The stick however won't
damage your urine tube permanently, it's only giving you an amount of discomfort
at the time being." Michael thought that the word "discomfort" was a real
understatement compared to what he was going through. He felt as if a whole box
of razorblades were inserted in his penis and every tough however gentle caused
an explosion of suffering.

Dr Stanfield was standing before Michael admiring his handiwork when someone
knocked on the door. "Come in Miss Belinda, the door is not locked." When the
door opened, a beautiful young girl in a tight sexy nurse uniform entered the
room. She had a somewhat dark colored skin, but it was difficult for Michael to
identify her race, she had long straight dark brown hair and was build quite
petite, just like Asian girls, but she also had wide European eyes and a
delicate Caucasian nose. Her firm boezem seemed to be just the right size for
her body but what Michael was most excited about were her ruby colored lips.
They looked like two beautiful precious stones.  

"I believe that Mister Ambrose is still refusing to accept his punishments for
his crimes Miss Belinda, I have hoped that this part of the procedure was not
necessary for him but it seems to be unavoidable. Will you be so kind to lead
this poor disillusioned creature through the rest of the protocol?"

"I will see to that doctor, leave it to me."

"Good, than I will check on him in the evening."

Nurse Belinda called in two orderlies to help her free Michael from the chair.
They removed his ankle, neck and hand cuffs, but left the rope and pincers in
their place. When they lifted Michael up, the pain caused by the pincers hanging
from his scrotum watered his eyes. As they made him walk towards the door, the
rough string of rope that parted his ass cheeks and his balls started to rub
against his soft delicate flesh, making him grimace. He was only able to take
small steps at the time, since any rough movement increase his torment.

The orderlies however were in a hurry and started to push Michael to make him
walk faster. When they reached the door, nurse Belinda told the orderlies to
hold and she quickly grabbed the dog leash which was used to guide Michael to Dr
Stanford from the table and attached it to his neck. "We don't want you to cause
any trouble, do we?" And she looked him straight in the eyes to spot any sign of
resistance. Michael draw ashamed his eyes to the floor and shake his head. "Good
boy." She smiled and walked into the corridor, followed by the orderlies who
dragged Michael's naked and tormented body to his next ordeal.  




Michael

Chapter 7; Miss Belinda

Michael was brought down to the basement of the Black Stone asylum and was led
into a cold and dark room which smelled of vomit and excrements. Chains and
cuffs were attached to one of the walls and a single light bulb dangling from
the ceiling lit the depressing surroundings. Miss Belinda ordered the two
orderlies to chain Michael to the wall and leave the room. When she was finally
alone with Michael, she walked up to him and started softly petting his tortured
cock.

"Poor man." She whispered. "Did the doctor hurt you bad?"

Michael didn't know how to react to this sudden kindness, but he nodded silently
and hoped that she will keep on being gentle with him.

"Oh how awful of him! You can't help it can you? It's not your fault that your
mentally ill."

Michael once again nodded silently. He felt somewhat relieved, maybe she was
kind, just like nurse Angelica.

"No you can't help it can you? You poor deranged man. I bet you have suffered
immensely since you have been brought here. Now, don't you worry, I'm going to
make it all better, no more delusions, demons and nightmares for you."

Michael kept nodding and was at the brink of bursting into tears again, he was
so thankful for her understanding! Although in any normal circumstances he would
never fall for it, he was too stressed and too longing for a kind voice or
gesture after all these weeks of torture to see trough her pretentious good
will.

Belinda fished out a role of ductape out of her pockets and started to roll a
long piece of tape over Michael's right cheek. "Now just hold your head still my
sweet, don't panic." She unrolled the ductape over his nose, taping off both his
nostrils, Michael was alarmed and tried to turn his head away, but Belinda was
faster than him and managed to secure the tape.

"Sssst, Michael, don't make it harder for your self, just breathe through your
mouth." She said softly and began to stroke his hair as she was reassuring a
wild animal. "Sssst, just breathe gently, don't resist it."  

Michael started to paint heavily through his mouth, he was afraid of things to
come.

Belinda fished a long plastic tube out of her pocket together with some kind of
metal device, which resembled strongly a opened bear trap without spikes.
Michael remembered finding one when he was 15 and was spending the summer
holiday with his folks in the woods. He and his dad had disarmed the bear trap
to avoid woodland creatures to be caught in it. Michael was a kindhearted boy
and he remembered being in great distress when his father told him that the poor
suffering animals trapped in such an inferno device will sometimes chew their
paws off in sheer panic. He felt now just like one of those trapped animals and
would gladly sacrifice a leg or arm in order to get out of here.

Belinda made an attempt to put the bear trap in Michael's mouth, but Michael
resisted. She than reached down between his legs and pinched and twisted his lid
which caused him to scream in pain. As he wailed in torment, she quickly forced
the contraption into his mouth and secured it with a leather strap. The metal
contraption was stretching his mouth wide open and a steel rod in the middle of
the bear trap pushed down his tongue, making it impossible for him to speak.

"Told you to work with me, now don't cross me again, it's for your own good."

Belinda put the long plastic tube in Michael's mouth and forced it deep down the
gullet into his stomach. She saw that he had to hold in his urge to vomit since
the tube triggered random gullet contractions. Belinda left 15 cm of the tube
stick out of his mouth and took a step back to admire her handiwork. He seemed
to be ready now for the last part of the treatment.

She left the room for a while and returned with a jug full of clear yellow
colored liquid. She showed it to Michael and smiled ever so sweetly.

"Do you know what this is Michael?"

Michael shook his head.

"This is my urine, I had to go the ladies room. It's still hot since it has been
out of my body for only a couple of minutes. Do you want to know how it taste
Michael?"

Michael started to shook his head violently and made as much noise as he could
to let her know that he really didn't want to drink her urine, but she grabbed
the end of the tube and started to pour the liquid into his stomach. She also
poured some of it directly into his mouth. She really wanted him to taste it
before it was swallowed.

Michael gulped down as much of her urine that was poured into his mouth as fast
as he could, he tasted the salty warm liquid and felt that he would vomit, but
wasn't able to bring up anything since his nose was blocked of. Finally, the jug
was emptied and he choked and coughed as his throat burned and he gasped for
air. Belinda smiled and wiped off some of his transpiration from his forehead.

"Now, that wasn't so bad, was it? Did you like the taste of my urine? I want you
to remember it."

She looked Michael into his soft green eyes and stroke gently a lock hair away. 

"You know, I think you must taste the urine of other people before you can truly
appreciate that of mine." She whispered in his ear while she hold his face
between her soft delicate hands. "Let me get some for you now."

Michael wanted to cry out and started jerking on his restrains, but he was as
helpless as a trapped animal. Belinda walked to a drainage well that was in a
corner of the room and opened the lid, the room immediately filled with the
thick stench of human waste and urine. She filled the jug with the sewage and
came back to show it to Michael. The jug was filled with a faul cloudy liquid,
Michael made whining noises and shook his head to prevent Belinda from grabbing
the tube, but once again she was faster than him and poured the sewage into his
mouth and into the tube.

The liquid even tasted fauler than Belinda's urine and Michael felt his stomach
turn. Belinda however really enjoyed watching him suffer and as soon as he had
finished the jug, she refilled it again and forced another half a liter water
down on him. After the fourth jug, Michael resistance faded and he meekly drunk
the sewage poured down his throat. After the sixth jug his stomach became
painfully full. When Belinda started refilling the jug, Michael moaned and tried
to howl trough his gag, hoping for her mercy.

Belinda walked towards Michael and gave him once again one of her bewitching
smiles. "Don't worry my poor wounded animal. I'm a trained professional and I
know exactly how far I can go with this. Now be quiet and hold still, just
swallow it as quickly as you can and don't panic."

Michael obeyed, but when he took it down, his stomach became very hard and
terribly bloated. His breathing became labored as pressure was exerted on his
diaphragm. The seventh, eight and ninth jug caused him utter agony. By then, his
belly was swollen as if he was nine months pregnant. His bladder felt like it
was at the point to explode and he had a terrible urge to urinate, but was of
course unable to since his urine tube was blocked. His breathing was reduced to
little half breaths to soften the pain in his swollen belly.

When Belinda walked over to him with the tenth jug of sewage, Michael started to
cry and howled trough his gag, pleading to Belinda for mercy.

Belinda took a long look at her victim and smiled naughtily. "I am not going to
make you drink this last jug of water silly, you already look like you are nine
months pregnant. We don't want you to die from this treatment now do we?"

Michael was still sobbing. His mind was too messed up to think clearly anymore;
he was too occupied with the pain in his bloated belly and in his bladder, he
meekly nodded to everything Miss Belinda said.

Belinda smiled and stroke lovingly with her soft hands his bloated belly like a
husband stroking his wife's during pregnancy.

"You know, I really like this treatment, it makes you men always so....so
vulnerable"

She demonstrated her words by suddenly poking in Michael's kidney area's,
causing the poor soul to scream out of pain. Finally she removed the tube and
the bear trap and left to room, leaving Michael alone in total agony.

Belinda didn't return to see Michael until late noon, and when she entered the
room, Michael, who had slumbered away due to total exhaustion, was violently
awakened by her. Belinda had brought with her a huge black rubber dildo, which
was attached to a cock cage with restrains. She released Michael from his neck
and hand cuffs and Michael fell exhausted to the floor. His belly was aching
terribly and the pressure on his bladder was enormous.

"Now get on your knees Michael." Said Belinda. Michael tried to get him self on
all fours but was moving too slowly according to Belinda's taste, she kicked his
bloated belly and Michael, suffering from pain inflicted by the blow, fell back
on the floor while moaning uncontrollably. "Get up Michael." Said Belinda icily.
"You don't want me to kick you again." Michael rolled over and with great effort
got him self up on his hands and knees. Belinda looked content and started to
pet Michael's ass.

" It's over soon my sweet."

She grabbed the dildo and forced it inside Michael's rectum, Michael moaned
softly, but since the first part of his ass has already been widened by Jake and
his pale Fly for several times by now, it wasn't that painful. It became only
very painful when Belinda pushed the rubber cock deeper and deeper into Michael,
forcing pressure on his prostate. It doubled his urge to urinate, and Michael
almost went mad since he was unable to squeeze out a single drop out of his
painful cock. Belinda shoved the rubber dick up and down inside him, increasing
the tension on his bladder and adding to his discomfort. Finally she was
satisfied with the position and she began securing the rest of the restrains.
She bend Michael's tormented lid in a 90 degree angle to fit it inside the cock
cage. The stick that was still inside his urine tube made this action extremely
painful, and Michael once again screamed and whined, but still tried to keep his
forced position since he was too afraid to move. Belinda noticed his obedience
and after she got the job done, she let him recover for a while. She petted him
and started comforting him.

"Sssst, still now, it's going to be all right. Sssst."

"I want to pi, please help me, I really need to pi....." Sobs Michael. "I can't
take it anymore, please, please help me...I want to pi.."

"It will help you with it soon, now be strong and let me finish this.'

Belinda secured the cock cage to the restrains that were running around his
waist, she was extra careful around his belly area, and she secured the waist
strap as loosely as possible. Then she fastened the restrain running from the
black rubber dildo to the waist strap, this time however, she was less gentle
and she jerked hard on the restrain to force the dildo even deeper into him
making him whine in pain. Finally, she chained his hands and feet to bolts
embedded in the concrete floor and secured the dog collar around his neck, she
hung the leash over a pipeline running across the ceiling and tied it up.

Belinda looked at Michael and smiled. "I am going to leave you alone like this
for a while Michael. I am afraid that you have to keep yourself in this
uncomfortable position for while, but don't despair. I promise that I will
return in the evening to check on you.

Michael was mad with fair to be left alone like this and started to beg Belinda
not to go, but she petted his head for the last time and then shut down the
light before leaving him in total darkness.             




Michael

Chapter 8: requiem for a dream


Nurse Belinda didn't returned to check on Michael till the next day. When she
unlocked the door to the prison cell in the basement, she heard Michael rambling
insanely on the other side. Michael had been on his hands and knees position for
almost 24 hours now. He had been unable to rest on the floor since his dog leash
would strangle him if he tried to lower his head. If he tried to lower his
backside in order to sit down, his restrains will force the dildo deeper into
his rectum, causing heavy pains in his bloated bladder and belly. Because of
this, Michael had been unable to sleep during the night and he was totally
exhausted with every muscle in his tortured body aching. The worst of all was
his full bladder that he had been unable to empty for so long. His urge to
relieve himself had drove him insane; every time he heard somebody approaching
his prison cell he had shouted and begged for help, but nobody ever came in to
check on him. After a while he started imagining hearing footsteps in the
deserted corridor, he would hear voices and see figures in the darkness of his
cell, devils, which were there to torture him and take his soul. He had screamed
and begged them to leave, but as the night progressed, the voices would grow
loader and more demon-like until he dreaded every footstep that approached the
door.

When Belinda opened the door, she found Michael in a terrible condition. He was
shivering from the cold and pain and his neck, thighs and arms were spasming. He
seemed to have lost his sanity and was drooling uncontrollably while mumbling to
himself in a quiet voice. As he saw Belinda appear in the room, he thought that
it was one of the creatures which had been lurking at him in the dark and he
cried out an animal howl in pure terror.

Although Belinda on the outside seemed to be very sadistic, she still knew the
virtue of mercy and the sight of Michael standing there so helplessly and in
great suffering finally triggered some kind of genuine pity in her. She
approached Michael carefully and managed to grab hold of his collar. Michael in
the meantime started shouting and crying and jerked hard to release himself from
her grip, only hurting himself in his fruitless efforts.

"Devils!" He shouted. "The devil have send you here!! Go away!! Please leave
me alone!!! Leave me alone!!"

"Michael, stop this you are hurting yourself!" she tried to reassure him by
talking in her sweet and tender voice. "Michael, ..don't you recognize me? I
am nurse Belinda. Calm down Michael and look at me  Michael look at me!!"

Michael, who had been avoiding her sight since she entered, glimpsed at her face
briefly and seemed to calm down a little. He recognized the beautiful lady in
the nurse uniform, although his memory and reasoning was still clouded by fear.

Belinda quickly put her soft hand on his eyes, forcing them to shut. "Ssssst,"
She hushed. "Ssssst, everything is going to be fine, just calm down now
Michael, I am here, nobody is going to hurt you." She cradled his head between
her hands and hummed softly. This seemed to do the trick and Michael's shaking
body came to a rest. 

When she thought Michael had calmed down enough she released him from his ankle
and wrist cuffs and removed the collar from his neck. Michael collapsed to the
floor from total exhaustion and lied heavily breathing on the floor. Belinda
noticed remorsefully that the dog collar that she had made him wear had left a
deep red scar on his neck. Maybe it was a little harsh of her to let the poor
soul suffer for so long. She should had released him from his position before
she left work yesterday. Trying to make it up to him, she decided to remove all
the "treatment devices" from his body and let him see Dr Stanfield as quickly
as possible.

"Michael, I know that it is painful, but I want you to roll on your back and
spread your legs slightly. I am not going to hurt you, trust me."

Michael started to sob but he obeyed her orders meekly. He didn't trust her
since his blurry memory seemed to associate her with the infliction of pain, but
he was too scared to resist and rolled on his back. The weight of his heavy
water filled intestines and bladder crushed his organs and caused him extreme
agony. He parted his legs and waited dreadfully for things to come. When Belinda
reached out for the pincers, Michael whined softly since he feared that she
would torture him again. But instead, she removed the pincers one by one as
carefully as she could. The pincers had been left on his skin for too long, and
most of the veins that were pinched off were damaged, causing subcutaneous
bleedings. The instant re-flow of blood in the area's also caused poor Michael
severe suffering. When Belinda tried to remove the cock cage, the pain it caused
was too much for him. Michael writhed and pulled his legs together. Belinda let
him rest for a while before she tried it again, but it seemed an impossible task
to remove the cock cage without hurting him. Eventually she used a pair of
scissors to snap the leather bands that were connecting the rings in order to
release his tormented lid. She also cut and removed the ropes and the restrains.
Finally, the dildo had to be removed. Belinda ordered Michael to get on his
hands and knees again and she pulled out the dildo from his behind. As soon as
the device came out, Michael was no longer able to control his bowels and a warm
brown stream of diarrhea flowed down his legs. He defecated all over himself
while Belinda watched with a mix of pity and utter disgust on her face. As the
constant stream of filth finally ended, she walked over to remove the ductape
that had been inhibiting him from breathing through his nose. By unblocking his
nostrils, the urge to vomit suddenly came up and he spewed out his bitter
stomach content. He vomited for more than half an hour and continued to retch
even when his stomach was totally empty. Finally, he collapsed on the floor and
lay there motionless in his own filth. Belinda was quite upset, she had been a
nurse at the asylum for 5 years now and she had carried out this kind of
treatments many times on different patients, but she had never let them alone
for so long. She also never had patients in such a bad condition afterwards as
Michael and by now she was really concerned about his health. Without even
minding the stench and the filth, she hurried towards him and checked his pulse.
It was irregular and his hands were ice-cold. "Michael, ..Michael? Can you
hear me, wake up Michael!" She held his head in her leap and laid her hand over
his forehead to take his temperature. It was burning hot. Now she really started
to panic. "Don't worry..." She whispered more to reassure herself than her
victim. "I am going to get Dr Stanfield. He will know what to do." She sprung
up and ran out of the room.

Michael was lying there on the floor. His consciousness was slipping but the
pain in his abdomen and his bladder seemed to dissociate from him. His body was
producing an overwhelming amount of endorfine to relieve his suffering. Maybe I
am dying. He thought by himself. Maybe this is the way to get out of this
hellish place  Although Michael had never believed in the existence of God or
heaven and therefore had always dreaded death, he realized that at this moment,
he was not afraid of it anymore. Death would be a relief and he would embrace it
as a long lost friend. It would bring him no more pain and suffering, no more
cold and hunger to endure. He would finally find rest. He closed his eyes with
and a peaceful smile on his face as he drifted off .

He was standing in an open field at a warm afternoon. It was mid summer and the
tall grass that reached till his middle was colored golden brown by the sun,
field flowers were cradling their heads in a gentle summer breeze and there were
sounds of humming insects and singing birds everywhere. His father was teaching
him how to fly a kite. It was not particularly windy that day, but his father
was skilled in almost every outdoor activity and before the eyes of a seven year
old Michael he made the kite dance with it's tail swirling like a swallow in
love. "You see Michael," his dad spoke to him "If you just let the rope go a
little and don't try to control it too much, it's easy to let it reach for the
sun!" Michael looked at his father with great admiration. "Can I give it a try
dad?" He asked. His father gave him an encouraging smile. "Of course you can,
I bet you are even going to be better with this than your old man." He handed
the kite over to his son and Michael, mad with excitement, tried to keep up the
kite as high as his father did. However, his inexperienced hands were unable to
guide the kite sturdily and before Michael could correct his mistakes the kite
took a dive and landed far away in the fields. Michael was disappointed and a
little bit ashamed that he was unable to live up to his father expectations, but
the good man gave his son a reassuring pet on his shoulders. "Hey, that went
pretty well, you kept it longer in the sky than  when I learned it the first
time! I bet it's going to stay even longer up for the second time." Michael
was relieved that his father was still proud of him. "Shall I get it so we can
give it another try then?" He said with a happy smile on his face. "Sure, go
get it! But hurry, it's already 4 o' clock and I don't want us to be late
again for dinner!" Michael went off to collect the kite, he ran trough the tall
grass as fast as he could to the spot where the kite had dropped. As he started
searching, a silver colored object hidden in the grass caught his attention. He
squat down to take a closer look at it. It seemed to be some kind of big
mousetrap, only this one was made entirely of metal. It had caught something 
Michael didn't want to find out what it had caught, but a little voice in his
head kept telling him to take a look. He finally could not stand the temptation
and pushed aside the weed to see. Encaged in the bear trap was an amputated
human leg, the spikes were driven deep into the flesh and the reddish colored
open wounds were filled with maggots, eating away the flesh. The leg was swollen
and turned already purple, but it still twisted in its restrains as though it
tried to escape. Michael was in shock, as he watched the abandoned leg wriggle
helplessly a shadow fell over him. As he looked up, he recognized himself as a
grown man.

 "I had to chew it off you see " He whispered  "I had no other choice they
had me trapped I was so scared, I had to get out .I had to chew it off.." The
young Michael was horrified as he realized that the adult Michael was missing
his left leg, it was amputated to the knee, deep red blood oozed out of the
wound and fell as rain droplets on the grass leaves. Flies were buzzing around
the wound and some of them crawled inside the to lay eggs. Torn stripes of flesh
were still dangling down his thigh-bone. "Go away!!" Michael screamed.
"Please go away! Leave me alone! No! No! NO! NO! NO!!!! ."     

The screams echoed in his head while he slowly regained his consciousness. As he
awoke, tears were streaming down his face and he was bathing in his own sweat.
He was lying in a hospital bed in a brightly illuminated room with no windows.
The pain in his bladder and abdomen were gone, but he was feeling very weak,
almost narcotic. Michael realized that he was unable to move his arms or legs,
they seemed to be fixed to the bed by restrains. He tried to call somebody for
help, but as he swallowed to lubricate his dry throat, he felt a sharp stinging
pain. He tried to form words, but he was only able to produce weak
incomprehensible sounds. In a panic reaction, Michael tried to lift up his head
to see what was going on, but as soon as he moved he felt terribly dizzy and he
had to lie down again to stop his head spinning. Terrified, he waited for
somebody to come check on him. Although he still felt very sleepy, he didn't
want to doze off since he was afraid to have the same nightmare again. Even in
my sleep I cannot get any peace, he thought sadly. Why is there no pity in this
world?

As he listened to the sounds from outside the room, he tried to recollect the
terrible things he had been trough in the last couple of weeks. He had been
reduced from a confident and physically strong human being into a shivering pile
of misery, a shadow of the man he used to be. He almost had lost his sanity in
the dark basement where he had to endure nurse Belinda's sadistic treatments.
What more are these people going to do to him? What do they want? He knew that
the doctor wanted him to confess to the crimes that they had criminated him
with, but why did the doctor need his confession? If they had really trailed and
sentenced him to life imprisonment in this institute, why would he bother with
forcing him to confess? These thoughts were racing inside his head as the door
suddenly opened and nurse Angelica came into the room. She gave Michael a warm
friendly smile and put her hand on his forehead.

"Hi, are you feeling better now?" She whispered softly as if she was afraid to
scare away some delicate bird. "ahhhgrrrgghhh hhgggh" Michael tried to speak
but it was useless, he was unable to express himself and his attempts to speak
were very painful.

"No! Don't try to speak! The doctor he had..." Angelica hesitated to finish
her sentence.

 "Rgggr rgggrahhh!" Michael wanted her to go on, he wanted to know what the
good doctor had done to him. "hhhgggrrr ffjfdd!"

"Stop Michael! Don't keep doing that! It's very bad for the healing process,
if you keep on doing this you might never be able to speak again!" 

As soon Angelica had spoken out these words she regretted them since she saw
Michael's face hardened and his struggle to speak intensified.

"Grrhhhhfffgkdddsthggghh!!!" 

"Michael, stop it! The doctor, he had to perform a trachea punction on you. You
were not breathing by yourself anymore and Dr Stanfield was unable to insert the
incubation tube in time to hook you up to the respiration machine. He had to cut
open your throat to make a hole in your trachea in order to let you breathe.
It it had damaged your vocal cords. It was either that or losing you. I am
sorry Michael "
     
Michael fell into a silence, he looked away from Angelica and stared at the
ceiling, he thought that he will probably never hear his own voice again. He
thought of all the times he had joined in with his favorite songs if they were
playing them on the radio. Of all the times he cheered at a point scored or
cursed at a point missed at the games of his favorite baseball team. Of all the
sweet and obscene things he had whispered in Leasa ears when they made love. All
these things he will never be able to do again, just because some sick doctor
wanted him to stay alive so he can endure even more of his tortures! Tears of
frustration ran down his face as Angelica stayed by his side and she reached out
her hand to stroke his hear in order to comfort him but Michael didn't wanted
her pity anymore and turned away from her.

Angelica didn't want to upset him, she draw back her hand and waited there in
silence. Poor man, she thought, no wonder that you don't trust no one anymore
after what you've been trough, but I wish that you would trust me. I will never
be able to hurt you 

After a while, she stood up and checked as cautiously as possible the tubes to
which Michael's body was hooked up. Michael had been very ill; he had an
influenza virus infection that had developed into pneumonia in his lungs. He had
been balancing at the brim of death for three days before his situation finally
stabilized. Still, his body was weak and tubes in which nutrition and fluid ran
were inserted into his veins to feed him during his illness. In order to let him
secrete the urine that had been painfully kept inside for so long, a catheter
was inserted in his bladder that collected the urine in a plastic bag. He had
been given sedatives to calm him down and leather restrains were used to fix him
to the bed. A dirty looking bandage was wrapped around his throat in order to
keep the wound germfree.

Angelica tried once again to comfort Michael when she returned to his bedside,
Michael's head was still turned away from her, but she saw that his shoulders
were shaking and she figured that he was still crying.

"Michael It's not so bad, Dr Stanfield told me that there is a good change
that your vocal cords will heal perfectly and that you will be able to speak
again. Just don't give up on yourself now and try to give them some rest in
order to heal. Meanwhile, I am here for you. Are you in any pain? Do you need
something?"

Angelica waited in silence for a reply, she didn't expect Michael to react to
her, but she wanted him to know that she will help him as good as she can.
Michael pretended that he didn't hear her and kept staring at the opposite
wall. After a while Angelica got up from his bedside and started walking towards
the door.

"I will check on you later "

As she stood in the corridor and locked the door behind her, she felt an emotion
inside her that was a fusion of anger and shame. She was angry at the people
that were in charge but had no pity whatsoever towards the patients, and she was
ashamed because she was too afraid to stand up against them and do something
about it.        




Michael

Chapter 9: recovery and escape


During the following weeks Michael recovered slowly. He was fed trough the tubes
that had been inserted into his body until the wound in his throat had healed.
As the orderlies finally removed them from him, he had to get used to eating
again since the scar tissue that had formed around his trachea was pushing
against his gullet painfully. Although he had regained his ability to speak, it
was still terrible difficult for him to form more than 2 or 3 words at once.
However, nurse Angelica who had watched over him during his recovery, insisted
that he kept practicing half an hour a day. She had brought him books so he
could train his voice by reading aloud, she also hoped that they would reduce
his boredom and keep his mind of his problems.

 "Here." And she handed him a copy of 1984 by George Orwell. "It is one of my
favorites. If you promise to read al least one page a day aloud, I promise you
that your voice will be completely recovered by the time you finish the book."
Michael was sitting in his bed with his restrains removed. He had been put back
into a straitjacket but his health was good and he had somehow managed to
recover some of his confidence. He was very thankful for everything Angelica had
done for him, she had been there to encourage him when he learning to eat solid
food again and without her, he would probably had lost all hope of ever be able
to recover his voice.

He gave her a friendly smile. "What is it about?" His voice was hoarse and
almost inaudible, but still she knew what he wanted to say. She had spent so
much time with him by now, that she almost knew what every little gesture or
expression on his face meant. She had in fact fell in love with every aspect of
him secretly.

"Itï¿½ï¿½s about the suppression of individual freedom. I think you would like it.
Give it a try, even if you are not going to read it aloud."

"I like to read it but..." Anglica laughed as Michael pulled a serious face and
nodded towards his arms, which were packed into his sleeves firmly. "Maybe I
can flip the pages with my nose." He joked and he was rewarded with another
sweet smile on her face. God, he loved it when she smiled. She got that twinkle
in her eyes when she laughed and the corners of her beautiful lips will curl up
like rose paddles.

"That ï¿½ï¿½s no excuse not to read it. But if you want I can flip open the pages
for you. Or, I can read it to you." Michael looked up at her and smiled. "I
would like that."
Angelica sat down at the side of his bed and she wetted her fingertips. She
turned the first page and began to read to him.

 After a while, the visits that Angelica paid to Michael grew more frequent.
Except for reading to him and following his progress in speaking, she also
started to talk about all different kind of things that occupied her daily life.
Michael enjoyed her visits since she was the only person in the institute that
he regarded as a friend. Angelica lived alone in a little cottage just outside
town. She had a garden with a 19th century greenhouse that was fallen into decay
when she moved in but she had it carefully restored to its original state. She
loved gardening, roses were her favorite and she grew different types of them in
her garden. Except for her cat Theodore she had nobody to look after her here in
Blackstone. Her family lived in Baltimore and she visited them every holiday. It
seemed to Michael that Angelica was a bit lost and lonely, someone who wanted to
be strong and independent but on the inside was still afraid to be alone.

Michael on his turn told her about what his life was like before he was
committed. He had a job as a head research scientist at a major pharmaceutical
company in Chicago, where he lived in a  what he called highly overpaid
apartment. Michael was an outgoing type of guy, witty, charming and good
looking, respected and liked by his colleagues at work and he had many good
friends. He liked his job and after work he used to hang out with his pales in
bars, having a drink and talking about the games. If the weather was good, he
took a day off and went fishing on his boat on Michigan Lake. He enjoyed taking
friends out for dinner, attended parties and flirted with the women who were
attracted to him like bees to flowers. Frankly, he was quite happy with his life
as it was. Then he met Leasa. He was introduced to her at a private dinner party
of one of his married pales. At the night that they first met she wore a tight
flaming red dress that had a high split on the side, revealing her long silky
legs. She also had her hair down and as she approached Michael, walking
elegantly on here high heeled shoes, waving her drink in one hand and looking o
so temptingly into his eyes, he fell in love with her instantly. They got
engaged after only dating for 3 weeks and Michael would have married her
immediately if she was not telling him that she was not sure about it yet. So
they established a long distance relationship. Leasa, who was in town for
visiting her brother, went back to Windsor where she lived and worked and
Michael went to see her every weekend. In the beginning it was difficult for him
to focus on his normal life in Chicago during the week since he was so addicted
her, but eventually he accepted the fact that she wanted more time for their
relationship to evolve and he used to make the time that they spent together as
special as possible. However, he wandered if all women were as careful as Leasa
when it came to choosing the right man. He wondered if Angelica was also
involved with somebody that she kept on a distance because she wasnï¿½ï¿½t sure that
she wanted to spend the rest of her life with him.

"Are you seeing somebody?" He asked when she was visiting him again on a late
afternoon. Michael had noticed for a while that Angelica was wearing a silver
ring that she never took off, even when she was bathing him. Angelica looked at
Michael with a surprised expression on her face.

"Itï¿½ï¿½s because of the ring that you are wearing all the time."

Angelica smiled and pink blushes appear on her transparent white cheeks as she
said; "Itï¿½ï¿½s an engagement ring, and yes I am engaged."

Michael realized to his surprise that he was somehow feeling disappointed
hearing her already being involved with someone, although he didnï¿½ï¿½t understood
why. Angelica had been a real angel for him but he was not falling in love with
her, or was he? Was there not a strong longing for her deep down that had been
fed trough the days that she had cared for him? Was it only gratitude that he
felt toward her? As soon as these thoughts rose inside his mind he brushed them
aside immediately. What good will it do to have feelings for her, he was an
inmate, a lunatic, stripped from all his rights and freedom. She wouldnï¿½ï¿½t be
interested in him. They can never be together in this lifetime. Loving her would
only make his life more miserable than it already was.

"Who is the lucky guy?" He asked as indifferently as possible to hide his true
feelings.

"Itï¿½ï¿½s someone you know, itï¿½ï¿½s Dane Marshall, and we are engaged since
September last year."

As he heard the name of her fiancï¿½ï¿½, his disappointment made way for relief.
"Congratulations!" He said sincerely. "I am sure that he will make you very
happy, he is a good man."

Angelica looked at him with her sky-blue eyes in which he sometimes seemed to
drown. "I know that he is a good man, he is the only good person in this whole
dammed institute."

 She sat down by his bedside and bended over towards him. Michaelï¿½ï¿½s heart
started to bump in his chest, she was so close now, he could smell her sweet
perfume that mingled with her sweat. He tried to remind himself that he was not
in love with her, but his heart seemed to have a mind of his own. Angelica swept
a lock of hair away that was dangling in front of her eyes, it brushed aside her
long delicate neck.

"But still...I am not sure if I want to marry him. Sometimes I think that what
we have is not love, but merely friendship, soul mates that share the same moral
principles in a place that has none." She reached out and with her soft hand
she touches his cheek.

"Or maybe I am just too afraid to be alone."

Slowly, she bended her head towards him and kissed his forehead, she gently
stroke his two day old beard and then guided with her other hand his chin
towards her. Michael was overwhelmed by her, his pulse was racing and he started
to sweat. How he longed to kiss her on her moist lips and tough her soft hair.
If he could just free his hands from his restrains. Suddenly, she forced her
warm lips against his passionately. Michael was surprised, but returned her
kisses eagerly. She put her arms around his neck and he lost himself in her
embrace. He closed his eyes as she forced her tongue inside his mouth, he
breathed in her warmth and swallowed her fluids. She sat on top of him now with
her legs spread on each side. Her crotch was pressed against his lid and he
could feel the warmth of her vagina through her nickers, making him mad with
longing for her. For a moment, he felt that she was the center of the universe,
she burned as hot and bright as the sun.

She finally detached herself from his lips and pushed him aside. Her breasts
that were captured in her blouse were dancing up and down as she tried to catch
her breath again. Michael looked at her as she tidied up her uniform and her
hair. She looked so beautiful and he realized that he felt so much for her that
it was impossible to lie to himself any longer, he was in love with her and he
had it bad.

Angelica stood up silently and kissed him one more time on his lips while she
ran her hands through his dark hair. Softly she whispered; "I am not afraid to
be alone anymore... I have found you."

Michael was happy but also confused as she spoke out these words, she had also
feelings for him, thatï¿½ï¿½s for sure, but how was she supposed to deal with Dane?
Dane was a good man, he had helped Michael on many occasions when he was
tortured by Jake. He didnï¿½ï¿½t want to repay his gratitude by cheating on his
fiancï¿½ï¿½. But still, his feelings for her were so strong, he didnï¿½ï¿½t thought that
he was able to control it.

"What about Dane?" He asked, regretting the question as soon as he had spoken
out the words.

Angelica raised her eyebrows and reacted as she was suddenly awoken from a
dream, she moved away from him and walked silently to the door. As she reached
it, she turned around and said softly; "I am not a heartless woman, you have to
believe me...But Dane and I..."

She fell into a silence as she looked down to her hands and fumbled her ring.
Her face was pale and it seemed as if she was struggling with the emotions
inside her. Finally she raised her head and said; "You are right Michael, maybe
this was a mistake." She turned away with and sad expression on her face and
left.

Michael was left pondering with his own thoughts when early in the evening Jake
and his pale Fly came by. Michael had not dealt with them for almost a month now
and was of course not eager to see them, their sudden appearance placed a cold
knot in his stomach. This meant trouble, he thought.

 "So little white shit, are you getting better? I sure hope so cause the Doc
ordered us to bring you back to your cell, no more soft beds and nice hot meals
for you anymore pale! And no more nice nurse Angelicaï¿½ï¿½s cunt for you either!"
Michael flushed with anger as he heard this; "Donï¿½ï¿½t talk like that about nurse
Angelica, we didnï¿½ï¿½t do anything! Stop badmouthing her or I will.."

"Or you will do what? You little fuck!!"

Jake hit him three to four times hard in the face with his knuckles, causing him
to fling to one side of the bed. He then pulled his head up by his hair to face
his own. Michael could smell his bad cigarette breath as Jake spoke; "You think
that we will be more gentle with you now, cause you have screwed the nurse? I
donï¿½ï¿½t think so brother. The doc has ordered us to take care of you, he saw you
two getting a little bit too close for his comfort and decided to switch the
staff. You will get nowhere near nurse Angelica from now on."

Michael heart felt cold and heavy like stone, the words that Jake had spoken
were more painful to him than the beating on his swollen face. This was a cruel
joke, he thought, just as he started to care for someone they were going to make
it impossible for him to see her. Jake laughed as he saw that his message had a
demoralizing effect on his victim and he spat in Michaelï¿½ï¿½s face as he said;
"You should have fucked her while you still could, white boy, now youï¿½ï¿½re never
gonna know how her cunt feels like."

Michael was filled with anger and jerked his head lose from his grip, flung
himself forwards and rammed his head in Jakeï¿½ï¿½s stomach, causing him to lose his
balance and fall down on the floor. "Shut up you sick bastard, you wanna have a
piece of me? Come and get it!" He shouted. Jake was lying there gasping for air
as Fly jumped on Michael and pushed him to the backside of the bed. "You white
trash! You wanna play rough?  I can play rough with you." And he reached out to
strike Michael in the face, but Michael was faster and avoided the blow, he
turned around while he freed his legs from under his blanket and kicked Flyï¿½ï¿½s
face with his heel causing a creaking noise. "Fly cried out as he reached for
his nose. "Arghhhhh! You little shit, you broke my nose! Iï¿½ï¿½m going to kill you
for that you mother fucker!" Fly flung himself on him like a mad animal and
started to beat Michael up, Michael took a couple of blows on his chest, but
managed to kick Fly in the testicles with his other foot. Fly cried out as he
writhed and grabbed his balls in pain. Michael rolled out of bed and stood
shakily beside Jake, who was still lying on the floor writhing with pain. "This
is for raping me you shit head!" And Michael rammed his foot into Jakeï¿½ï¿½s balls
as hard as he could. Jake yelled out in agony and started to shout; "You little
white fuck, wait till I get my hands on you!! Guards!! An inmate is escaping!!
Catch ï¿½ï¿½m!! Catch the mother fucker!!" Michael looked bewildered as he heard
him, he had no plans of escaping but he may now have no choice left. He ran
towards the door that the two men had left unlocked and rushed out of the room.
Bright unnatural TL light fell on his face and blinded him partly. Michael
squinted into the corridor, he couldnï¿½ï¿½t recognize anything and he had no idea
which way to go. He started to run in sheer panic, passing closed doors behind
which he heard the screaming and yelling of madmen. Finally he reached a
bifurcation. Ok, which way to go now? He panicked. Behind him, Jake was yelling
for help and he would probably be able to see him if he turned around, he had to
no time to lose. He turned left, rushed down the second corridor, which was also
lined up with countless doors, then he reached a second bifurcation, which way
now? Right, he turned right this time. As he ran down the third corridor, he saw
that the end was closed with a gate. No, no, no, please donï¿½ï¿½t let it be locked
he pried silently. He pushed himself against the gate, he kicked against it as
hard as he could but it was no use, it was locked on the outside. Just as
Michael wanted to give up and turn around to try the other corridor, he heard
footsteps rushing into his direction.

"There he is! Get him! Give me the keys, give me the keys!" Orderlies were
rushing towards the gate, one of them was searching in his pockets for the keys.
Michael started to run into the opposite direction, his heart bumping fast and
his pulse racing. As he reached the last bifurcation, he turned the corner and
almost knocked down Dane. Michael looked frightened and backed up as Dane
approached him slowly. "Ok old pale, calm down now, nobody wants to hurt you,
let me bring you back to your room. Easy now, easy..." Dane reached out and
grabbed Michaelï¿½ï¿½s shoulder, he then grabbed him from behind and held his arms
around his waist. "No! No! No!!! Let me go! Let me go!!" Shouted Michael and
flung himself backwards against the wall. Dane hurt his back and loosened his
grip, Michael then banged his back into Daneï¿½ï¿½s midriff, forcing him to release
him. As Dane collapsed on the floor, Michael wriggled himself free. "I am
sorry, I am sorry!!" He started to run again, he turned left, then right, he
ran till he was almost out of breath, the corridors seemed endless, then he
heard voices approaching him. He turned another corner and there were Fly and a
group of white-coated orderlies, running towards him. "Here he is, get him! I
will teach you to break my nose you dick!" Michael turned around in panic and
ran back into the corridor from which he came, the men were following him
closely and he was getting tired, he might not be able to lose them anymore. In
a last desperate attempt to escape, he pushed against every door that he past,
hoping that one of them will be unlocked, he got lucky, a gray door with no door
handle opened to the inside and Michael found himself in some kind of laundry
room, piles of clothes and linens of the inmates where spread around the floor
and in a corner of the room was a laundry shaft which was left open. Michael
hesitated, but there was no other way out, the orderlies were catching up on him
and there was no door or window he could escape trough. He swung his legs over
the shaft, he was hanging with his feet above the tunnel as he realized that he
didnï¿½ï¿½t know how deep it was, he could be on the second store or on the 14th, if
he fell unfortunately on something hard he would probably break his neck. As he
hesitated, the door to the laundry room swung open and Fly stormed in with the
other men. "What the fuck are you doing? Get out of there!" Shouted Fly and he
rushed towards Michael to drag him out of the shaft. Michael dropped himself
down the shaft tunnel. The first part of the tunnel was sloping and he was able
to slide down on his back, then the tunnel made a sudden drop and he fell.
Michael was screaming, his heart was racing in his throat as he reached the end
of the tunnel and landed in a pile of dirty laundry. He groaned as he pulled
himself from under the clothes and started heading to the door. He heard Fly
swear on the other side of the shaft "Fuck! He is getting away! Get downstairs,
quick!" Michael rushed into the corridor, he was at the ground floor and the
inmates here were walking around freely, they stared at Michael as if they
seeing a ghost. Michael started to ran, he knocked down an inmate as he turned
the corner, he ran till he his lungs were burning and he felt light in his head.
Finally he reached a gate that separated the clinic from the secluded part of
the institute. The gate was locked but he could see people walking on the other
side, family of the patients who were visiting, doctors and nurses who were
attending the psychiatric patients. Michael rattled the gate furiously and
started to shout; "Help! Please somebody help me! Let me out of here! Please
open the gate. Open the gate! Open the fucking gate!!"        




Michael

Chapter 10: Crime and Punishment


"Please op the gate, open the gate! Open the fucking gate!!" As Michael
screamed and yelled like a madman, the people at the other side of the gate were
alarmed and some of them backed up as if they were watching a dangerous wild
animal trying to escape at the zoo. One of the nurses tried to calm him down and
shouted; "Mister? Hey mister! Stop this at once! I will get help for you but
please calm down!"

"No! No!  You donï¿½ï¿½t understand! They are after me, if they catch me I am gonna
be dead! Please....open the gate for me so I can get out of here...please!!"

"I am sorry, but I canï¿½ï¿½t do that, now just calm down and I will get someone to
take care of you. You are obviously lost. Now let me call someone..."

"No! No! You mustnï¿½ï¿½t! Please donï¿½ï¿½t tell them where I am! They are already
looking for me, donï¿½ï¿½t let them get to me please!!"
 
A Doctor, who was standing beside the nurse grabbed her on the shoulder and
pulled her back. He hissed; "Stop talking to this madman! Get on the phone and
call the guards at the secluded ward, they will know what to do with him." The
nurse hesitated, she stared at Michael who stood trembling against the gate, he
looked so desperate and tears of frustration started to run down his cheeks.
"No...Please donï¿½ï¿½t let them get to me...Please" He mumbled and stared back at
her. "I beg you, please..."

As he looked at the faces of the people who were staring at him, he realized
they wouldnï¿½ï¿½t help him. They no longer consider him as a fellow human being,
they looked at him with a mixture of disgust and pity. He was a pathetic
rambling lunatic in their eyes, someone who was potentially dangerous and who
should be locked away in a dark deep hole so that they could forget about him.
Even the nurse that had tried to speak to him was obviously afraid of him. This
was no use, he should just give up...it was over....

He shakily took a deep breath as he sat himself down on the floor. He heard the
doctor who had been talking to the nurse now shouting to her that she should get
on the phone and call the security guards. There were voices of people at the
other side of the gate whispering to each other, he heard a concerned young
womanï¿½ï¿½s voice say that her brother was like this before they had to put him
away. A man said that this was an utter disgrace for the institute, patients
like that should be chained and locked up somewhere, they shouldnï¿½ï¿½t be allowed
to walk around freely in the minimal security ward.

Michael closed his eyes and tried not to listen to the hostile voices, he sat
trembling against the gate and hoped that it would be over soon...

As Dane reached the ground floor of the institute, he heard a colleague of him
yell that the escaped inmate was at the east wing at the gate that was
separating the institute with the clinic, he rushed over there and found Michael
sitting on the floor, trembling and scared like a wounded animal, he leaned
against the thin wires that were keeping him away from his freedom. Dane
approached him carefully, as he remembered the damage he had done to his back.
He grabbed in a quick movement Michaelï¿½ï¿½s arms and pushed him to the floor, as
he fixed his arms with his hands and pushed his knee in his spine, Dane worried
that he might resist and that he wouldnï¿½ï¿½t be able to keep him controlled before
help arrived, but all fight seemed to have gone out of Michael and he docilely
let Dane sit on top without any resistance. He only moaned softly as Dane pushed
his other knee on his left leg to get a better grip on him.

"Sorry pale, donï¿½ï¿½t want you to get excited on me before the cavalry arrives."   

Michael cleared his throat and swallowed his tears as he tried to speak though
it was hard since Dane had pushed his face down to the floor. "I am sorry, I
didnï¿½ï¿½t mean to hurt any body, I just wanted to get out of here..." His voice
was trembling and it sounded weak and helpless.

"I know pale. I know." Dane hesitated for a moment and then said; "and I am
sorry for you didnï¿½ï¿½t made it..." 

As finally two orderlies arrived and took it over from Dane, Michael was jerked
up on his feet by his straitjacket and he was roughly dragged back to the7th
floor. There, Jake and Fly were waiting for him. As Michael was guided towards
them, he saw that Fly had a bandage covering his nose. Fly yelled as soon he saw
them; "You shitty little mother fucker! you broke my nose! Youï¿½ï¿½re dead man,
youï¿½ï¿½re dead!" Jake stood beside him silently, his dark eyes were staring
maliciously at Michael and he looked even more threatening than before. The
orderlies dropped Michael on the floor just in front of Jakeï¿½ï¿½s feet.

"We got him Jake, he has managed to slip into the minimal security ward at the
ground floor. Dane nailed him at the gate to the clinic. He seemed to be calm
now. Look."

The orderly who had spoken slapped Michael at the back of his head. Michael
writhed but kept himself lying still on the floor. Then the orderly kicked him
with his boots in his ass. Michael moaned softly but stayed down.

"He is just as docile as a cow. Frankly, I donï¿½ï¿½t understand how you ever had
let him get to you. Must be in a moment of total weakness."

The two white orderlies laughed amused at the joke but stopped immediately as
they saw Jakeï¿½ï¿½s face. The big black man stared at them furiously and his
nostrils flared with anger.

"The motherfucker took me by surprise, but I can guarantee you that he will
have to pay for his disrespect for me. And as for you two..."

He looked the orderlies one by one strait into their faces and squeezed his
gigantic hands into fists. "If you two shit ass white boys donï¿½ï¿½t get out of my
way quickly, you will also be getting a taste of his medicine!!"

The orderlies turned pale and one of them stumbled; "Jesus, sorry Jake, it was
just a joke, donï¿½ï¿½t take things too seriously..."

They turned and walked away hastily, leaving poor Michael at the mercy of his
two tormentors.

Jake pulled Michael up by his hair and spat in his face. "YOU LITTLE
MOTHERFUCKER!! WHERE DID YOU FIND THE GUTS TO KICK ME!!!" He draw back his fist
and hit Michael in his left eye, the pain was immense. Then a second blow, and a
third. Colors appeared and danced in front of his eyes, he felt like a lifeless
string puppet that was flung from one side to another by a pair of rough
inexperienced hands. A forth blow cracked his nose and a fifth one splintered
his nose bridge. Jake kept mashing up his face till he was out of breath. He
dragged him then by his hair back up on his feet. Michael was standing quivering
in front of him. His nose severely bleeding and swollen, his left eye was beaten
shut and he felt dizzy. Jake was amused with the sight of the damage he had done
to him. He smiled maliciously. "Get him into the bathing facility, I know what
we can do with him to make sure that he wonï¿½ï¿½t have the guts to run away
again."

Fly pulled a rubber club from his belt and hit Michael hard with it in his
spine, causing him to arch his back in agony. "You heard what Jake said you
little shit, start walking!" He pushed him down the corridor. Fly bashed his
club against the hollow of his knee, forcing him to go through his knees in
pain. "Donï¿½ï¿½t keep Jake waiting white boy! Hurry up!" He kicked him in his
back. "Keep on walking you pathetic little white dick!!" As Michael crawled,
stumbled and was dragged to the bathing facility by Fly, who was administrating
blow after blow with his club on Michaelï¿½ï¿½s back, his buttocks, his knees and
the back of his neck, Jake was walking triumphantly in front of them. His dick
was getting hard at the sight of his victimï¿½ï¿½s suffering and he was even getting
more aroused at the thought of what he had planned for him.  
 
Michael was chained up naked to the wrist cuffs coming from the ceiling and his
ankles were fixed with steel cuffs that were bolted to the floor. Fly made him
wear a steel collar to which a long chain was attached. He pulled Michael by his
hair and cleared his throat; "Open your mouth white boy." Michael didnï¿½ï¿½t
obey, he gazed Fly in his eyes and grinned dementedly; "I donï¿½ï¿½t take orders
from monkeys who are dancing to their masterï¿½ï¿½s lashes." Flyï¿½ï¿½s eyes pulled
white with anger, his voice trembled as he replied; "Why you little white ass
dick! Think youï¿½ï¿½re smart hey?! You mother fucking bitch!!" Fly jerked on
Michaelï¿½ï¿½s collar chain, making his whole body swing forward, he then draw his
fist and hit Michael in his right cheek. The impact of the blow swung his body
backwards, but Fly jerked on the chain, causing his body to fling towards him
again. "I will teach you to mess with me!!" he hit Michael on his chin, his
left cheek, his broken nose. Then he pulled out his rubber club and stroke him
with it flat on his stomach. Michael cried out in agony, the pain of the blow
paralyzed his body.

"Now open your fucking mouth!!" Michael still disobeyed him, Fly was losing
his patience and grabbed his cheeks roughly between his thumb and fingers, he
squeezed them together, forcing Michaelï¿½ï¿½s mouth to open. "Got you now white
boy." Fly grinned triumphantly, he cleared his throat and nose and was
cumulating slime inside his mouth. "Youï¿½ï¿½re gonna swallow this like the rest
that weï¿½ï¿½re going to offer to you." He spat a green dollop of phlegm into his
mouth. Michael coughed disgusted while Fly released his cheeks. Jake was
standing at the back of the room and watched him with great amusement. "Tasty,
isnï¿½ï¿½t it?" He said. "Thank Fly for it white boy!" Michael tried to spit out
the phlegm and pulled on his restrains, he yelled out in his broken voice. "
You sick bastard, Fuck you Jake! And fuck your monkey too!" Fly reacted
immediately on this and stroke out with his club, hitting Michael hard in his
testicles, Michael moaned loudly before the second blow hit him on his left
collar bone. A sharp pain went through him as a rusty razor went through paper.
Another blow was administrated on the same area. Michael cried out a primitive
howl and arched his back in pure agony. He thought that Fly had snapped his
collar bone like a dry piece of firewood. Fly walked around him like a hyena who
was stalking his injured prey, his face was shining with the rush of revenge. "
You know white boy." And he caressed lovingly his rubber club that he held in
front of him like a priced piece of antique. "These clubs are very special, the
government wouldnï¿½ï¿½t allow us to use steel rods to handle the inmates, they
prefer to give us useless dummy sticks that barely bruises them. Luckily, Dr
Stanfield knows with what kind of scum weï¿½ï¿½re dealing with here and had these
babies made for us." Fly stroke out with his club and hit him again on his
collar bones, this time the pain was almost unbearable and Michael wriggled
spasmodically in his restrains as if he tried to escape the burning sensation in
damaged body. Fly laughed sadistically. "Look white boy, look what you are
dealing with." Fly peeled off a thin layer of black rubber that had been
covering the club, underneath was the glistering of metal. "Massive steel, good
for breaking bones of scum like you." Michael moaned in despair as he saw Fly
draw back his club for the administration of another blow. He hit him on the
knees this time, smashing his knee caps and bruising his legs. He bashed his
legs brutally over and over again, amplifying his pain and suffering till
Michael cried and begged shamelessly like an animal. His vision became blurry
and tears that streamed down his face dripped on his quivering naked body. He
instinctively tried to avoid the blows by twisting his body in his restrains, he
tried to protect his knees by folding one leg over the other but his efforts
only angered and encouraged Fly to hit him even harder. His knees were turned
into a bloody swollen purple mess. " You forgot to thank me you little white
ass dick! What do we say if somebody tries to teach you a good lesson?! Hey?!
What do we say?! Speak up you mother fucker!!!"

" Thank you...Thank you Fly..." Michael voice was trembling and weak, Fly had
broken him.

" Thank you MISTER Fly!" And he stroke out with his club, bashing Michaelï¿½ï¿½s
ribs. "Thank you for spitting in my mouth and teaching me a good lesson, Now
say it you mother fucker!"

"Thank you mister Fly... Thank you...Thank you for spitting and teaching me...."
Michaelï¿½ï¿½s mind was getting clouded by the physical abuse he was suffering, he
started to stutter and didnï¿½ï¿½t know what he was saying anymore. He just wanted
the pain to stop, it was unbearable. 

Fly jerked on his collar and pushed the club under his chin, forcing him to
stretch his neck towards the ceiling. "You got it all wrong you imbecile, are
you trying to fuck with me again?!" Fly grabbed Michaelï¿½ï¿½s injured knee and
squeezed the mass of splintered bone, blood and flesh together, Michael cried
out insanely, his mind was all empty except for the hot burning presence of this
unbearable pain, he started to yell out the words that were forced upon him by
his tormentors incoherently; " Thank you mister...Thank you Fly...Please stop
this!!!!!....Thank you for spitting...spitting and teaching me...Please!!!! Stop
hurting me!!!....Please!!!!!...Mister Fly...Please!!!!! Arghhhhhh!!!" Fly
intensified his grip, squeezing the fractured pieces of bone to cut through his
tormented flesh, bone splinters started to stick out like needles in a cloth,
blood oozed between Flyï¿½ï¿½s fingers and dripped on the floor. "Youï¿½ï¿½re are a
rambling mother fucking imbecile, arenï¿½ï¿½t you? Listen what to what youï¿½ï¿½re
yelling! Itï¿½ï¿½s total crap, you fool!!" Michael went totally mad for an instant,
the pain in his destroyed knee exploded in his body like a neutron bomb and had
transformed him into a wriggling, screaming worm. He would do and say anything,
anything in order to cast this hellish pain out of his body. " yes I am crazy,
I am mad....Argghhhhhhh!!! Please stop!!!!....Please!!!" Jake was watching this
while sitting on a chair in the dark corner of the room, he had his paints
unzipped and his right hand disappeared in his trousers. He was jerking himself
off. "Donï¿½ï¿½t stop till the idiot had spoken the words out right!" He yelled
while closing his eyes in pure pleasure as he heard Michael scream in agony at
the abuse of his body. "Hit him! Hit him hard!!"

"You heard him white boy, and this monkey has to obey his orders." He said
sarcastically and kneaded his formless knee in his hand as if it was dough.
While Michael cried out in pain, he walked behind him and parted Michaelï¿½ï¿½s ass
cheeks with his club, pushing the big fat end of it against his anus. "You
better come up with the right sentence now silly white boy, or this monkey will
make your ass so wide that it can fit a whole boot inside!!" Michael started
rambling out the words that he seemed to be totally unable to put into the right
order. His voice trembled uncontrollably and had to swallow his tears; "No
Please donï¿½ï¿½t!! Thanks... Thank you mister Fly...Thank you for...Thank you for...I
canï¿½ï¿½t remember anymore...Please I beg you....Donï¿½ï¿½t push that thing inside
me....Please I canï¿½ï¿½t remember....Spitting... Please thank you for spitting on
me....Please donï¿½ï¿½t do this to me!!!" Fly grabbed him by his collar and thrust
the club inside his anus with all his might, Michael screamed like an animal, he
could feel the flesh around his sphincter tear up by the force the device was
rammed inside him. "Argghhhhhh!!! Stop!!! Please I beg you stop..." Michael was
crying shamelessly in front of them, he had no pride left in his broken body.
"The words...Thank you...Thank you mister Fly for spitting...spitting in my mouth
and...and..."

"And what you shit head? And what?" Fly tightened his grip on Michaelï¿½ï¿½s
collar and forced the club even deeper inside him, Michael moaned loudly and
panted heavily through his mouth. The words, he had to remember the last part of
the sentence before the thing ripped  him apart. "And..." He gasped for air. "
And..."

"What white boy!? Do you want me to shove this into your appendix? AND WHAT?!"

"And ...And..." Fly rammed his club more than an inch further into him, tearing
up his flesh and bulging his rectum. Michael cried out once more, he was so
tortured by now that the only wicked and merciless thing seemed to him not his
tormentor but the fact that he wasnï¿½ï¿½t able to remember the last bit of the
sentence that could liberate him from his suffering. "Please stop!" he begged
and cried; "I canï¿½ï¿½t take this no longer Argghhhhh!...I remember the last part
now...Itï¿½ï¿½s...Itï¿½ï¿½s...Thank you mister Fly for spitting in my mouth and teaching me
this lesson...Thank you...."

Fly pulled his collar and yelled in his ears; "Thank me for making your ass
nice and wide!!! Thank me for sticking the club into your ass! Thank me for it!
Say it you shit head!"

Thank you...Thank you mister Fly for making my ass wider and sticking the club
down my ass...Thank you for that....Please stop now...Please!!! I canï¿½ï¿½t take no
more of this Please!!! I beg you!!!" Fly let lose his collar and pulled out the
club slowly. It was covered with filth and blood. "Look what you have done
white trash dick, you messed up my club with your shit!" Fly pulled a face as
if he was offended deeply by this.

"I...I am sorry mister Fly...I couldnï¿½ï¿½t help it." Stuttered Michael weakly.

"How am I suppose to use this if your shit is still dangling on one end of it!
You dirty little shit bag!"

Michael was losing his nerves, he trembled like a leave and every insult of Fly
drove him to the brim of tears. "I am sorry mister Fly!! I am sorry!! Donï¿½ï¿½t
hurt me for this please!! Donï¿½ï¿½t hurt me!!ï¿½ï¿½ he sobbed.

"You wanna make it up to me?" Fly asked and grinned a faked benignant smile.

"Yes...I will make it up to you...if you just stop hurting me...Please....let me
make it up to you mister Fly...Please...."

Fly hold the soiled rubber club in front of Michaelï¿½ï¿½s mouth and pushed it
against his lips. "Then open your mouth and lick it clean!"

As Michael hesitated, Fly grabbed his tormented knee again and knead it slowly.
Michael moaned and yelled that he would obey him, he would lick it clean if it
pleased him. He would lick his own excrements and coagulated blood from the
torture device that he had use to torment him with, he would do anything he
asked!              Fly loosened his grip on his knee. "Good boy, now swallow
it." He pushed the soiled rubber club inside him when Michael opened his mouth
meekly. It tasted faul. "Eat it, as if you were having something tasty. Say
that you like to eat your own shit, say it!"

"I...I like to eat my own shit..." croaked Michael as he eagerly licked up the
filth that was still clinging on the surface of the rubber club. Fly pushed it
in side his mouth and pulled it out again occasionally, as if he was lovingly
feeding his girlfriend a scope of ice-cream. "Thank me for it, thank me feeding
you your own shit! Say it!"

"Thank you mister Fly...Thank you for feeding me my own shit..." Michael didnï¿½ï¿½t
stop licking the club, he didnï¿½ï¿½t think anymore about how degrading it was and
how pathetic he looked, he didnï¿½ï¿½t care that he heard Jake moaning of pleasure
and jerking himself off at the sight of him. If this was the only way to stop
the pain, he would obey them.

"Good boy! Now..." Fly fumbled in his pockets and fished out a set of keys.
"let me release you from your wrists cuffs." Fly unlocked him from his
restrains and Michael collapsed to the floor as a sack of  potatoes. "Now kneel
before me white boy. Hurry up." He draw back his club as if he wanted to hit
him, Michael writhed and immediately started to beg him not to hurt him, he
crawled into position and kneeled in front of Fly. He was facing Flyï¿½ï¿½s crotch
now and could smell the faul stench of his wet trousers. "Now...be a good white
boy...." He loosened his belt and unzipped his pants. "And show Daddy what you
have learned." Fly pulled out his erect hard dick and rubbed it against
Michaelï¿½ï¿½s lips, Michael stared at  the big steaming lid meekly, as if he was
looking at a alien spaceship. A flickering of his old self returned, he pulled
himself away from the huge black cock and wanted to scream, but Fly grabbed his
hair and pulled him back into position, as Michael clinched his lips together in
order to avoid Fly to penetrate his mouth, Fly pulled out his club and bashed
his temple.

An explosion of pain, he could feel his hearts echo in his head, another blow,
the remnant of resistance which was left inside of him vanished like fragile
summer birds in the winter. He bend over and tried to protect his head with his
hands, blood was oozing out of a wound hidden somewhere on his skull. The next
blow hit his hands, smashing them like paper thee cups. Michael howled and
rolled around the floor. He cried and begged Fly to stop, he was sorry that he
resisted him, he was sorry.

"Told you to be a good boy. Donï¿½ï¿½t make Daddy mad again!" Fly was out of
breath, he put his club back into the holster of his belt and pulled Michael
hair. "Now get on your knees and do as I say!" Michael crawled back into
position, as Fly pulled out his huge black dick again and rubbed it against his
lips, he didnï¿½ï¿½t hesitated anymore, he opened his mouth meekly and let Fly push
his lid deep inside his throat.    





Chapter 11: Crime and Punishment part 2

Michael had to suppress a violent convulsion of nausea that came over him once
Fly penetrated his throat with his huge black cock. Fly pressed Michael's head
close against his crotch, so that his lid slid even deeper down his throat. He
then pulled Michael's head backwards by his hair, the friction that was caused
by the lips and the upper part of his throat was arousing him, he started to
push and pull his head harder and faster until he was literally fucking him in
the face. Still, Fly was not satisfied and yelled;

 "Suck my dick you mother fucker! Suck it as you did with the rubber club! Suck
it!"

He pulled his dick out of Michael's mouth and pressed it against his nose, the
black cock already smooth with precum and salivary. Fly rubbed the slimy fluid
that was still dripping out of his dick on Michael's face. "Suck it you fucking
dick head, or I will have to mess you up again, suck it!"

Michael obeyed submissively and took Fly's dick between his trembling lips, he
rolled his tongue all over it, he sucked the white, slimy moisture coming from
the tip of his cock as if it was honey. "That's right, now you got it, keep it
coming you bitch, keep it coming." Fly closed his eyes and moaned loudly.
Michael had never given another man a blowjob before, he had no idea what he was
doing, but he instinctively pushed his lips around the large erection and
started to go back and forth over it's shaft as Fly had forced him to when they
started.

"Ohhhh, Yes!! Keep it coming you slut, you like to eat dick, don't you...eat it
you sissy boy, eat it!" Fly ran his fingers through Michael's hair and pushed
him gently forward with each thrust he gave. He moved smoothly, as if he was
riding a horse. Pearls of sweat were glistering on his dark skin as he worked
himself to a climax.

Michael felt as if all common sense had left him, he lost himself in his task
and sucked, licked and swallowed the black cock eagerly; each thrust of Fly that
went deeper into his throat caused him to degrade further into an animal like
state. He even tried to kiss his divine huge balls with his precum covered lips.
By now he would do everything Fly ordered him to do, he had lost his own will
and was nothing more than his willing slave, eager to please him. Fly raped his
mouth till his cock was steaming hot and was spewing cum like an erupting
volcano. He shot his load inside Michael's mouth, ordering him to swallow each
drop. Michael obeyed and as Fly finally pulled his black lid out of him, he
couldn't resist licking up the last drops of salty white fluid dripping of his
cock-head.

Fly was panting heavily as he pulled Michael's head away from his crotch. He ran
his thumb gently across Michael's lips, wiping off the left-over cum that was
still there.

"You have been a good boy Michael, you're not learning fast but when you've
learned the trick, you know how to perform it well. Now tell me, who's the
monkey now that dances to the lashes of his master?"

Michael bend his head shamefully and remained silent. Suddenly, the fog that had
clouded his thoughts and feelings disappeared and he realized how he had
degraded himself. He was lower than an animal, lower than a worm. He had been
used by Fly for his shear pleasure and he had eagerly pleasured him, not only
because he was afraid of corporal punishment, but also because he had partially
enjoyed it. It was as if a primitive part of him was longing to be dominated and
humiliated. He had noticed it before when he was strapped bare naked in Dr
Stanfield office, although he couldn't understand how he was ever able to become
excited by his own physical and mental destruction. At this very moment, all he
felt right now was embarrassment and shame. He wished that Fly would take him
away and lock him up somewhere in a deep dark hole and let him rot. He wasn't
worth to be called a man anymore.

Fly looked surprised as he noticed that Michael was sobbing, he forgot his cruel
intentions for a moment and started to caress his hair and put his arm around
his shoulder in order to comfort him. This kind gesture was enough to break up
Michael totally and he cried out bitter tears, clinging on Fly's feet like a
caught runaway slave begging for his master's forgiveness. Fly looked confused
at Jake, who got out of his chair and walked over to them. A large erection was
sticking out of his pants.

"Jake, maybe he had enough for today. Man look at him! He is totally wasted!"

Jake pushed Fly roughly aside and pulled Michael back by his hair. "Don't tell
me what to do with him! You had your share, now it's my turn!" He unzipped his
trousers and pulled out his gigantic cock, fully erect and already gleaming with
moisture. He pulled down his trousers and his pants and stood there waiting,
holding his huge erection in his hand. "Come here, white boy! Let me show you
who's the superior race in here." his voice was loud and threatening, as a
thunderstorm approaching an open field. "I said come over here boy!"

Michael crawled on his hands and bleeding knees towards Jake. His vision was
blurred by his tears and snot was dripping of his nose. His heart sank down his
stomach as he kneeled in front of Jake and saw his immense black cock, dripping
with cum. Fly had already been well equipped, but Jake's genitals were HUGE.
Michael whimpered softly as Jake ordered him to open his mouth. As Jake pushed
his gigantic lid against his lips, he opened his mouth as wide as he could and
swallowed the first part of the cock inside. While Michael was still trying to
be able to breathe and suck the huge dick at the same time, Jake thrust his
gigantic lid deeper into him, forcing it down his throat. Michael retched and
started to cough, Jake ignored him as he gave another mighty thrust. Michael
felt as if Jake had shoved his steaming hot cock into his stomach. He had to
fight the urge to throw up. Jake grinned maliciously as he saw Michael trembling
at his feet, almost suffocating on his gigantic lid that penetrated his mouth.

"Man, Fly was right! You are really a cock-sucking bitch! Maybe this virgin
cunthole of yours can fit even more inside you white trailer-trash slut!!" And
with that said, he rammed his cock till up to his balls into Michael's mouth,
stretching it painfully to its limits. Michael moaned and tears filled his eyes.
His lips were bursting and his throat was hurting badly. Jake seemed finally
content with the position of his cock and he started to rape Michael harshly in
his throat. He banged him as a whore and pulled his hair painfully in order to
increase his pleasure. "I am fucking your face you horny bitch, can you feel me
inside you, tearing up your gullet? You cock sucking whore!! But you like it,
don't you!? You white ass slut!! You like it!!" Michael was suffering heavily,
Jake was banging him so hard that his neck jerked violently backwards each time
he rammed is dick inside him. The friction of his penis caused his sore lips to
burn and his tongue was dry with the taste of cum. Jake on the other hand was
working himself to a climax, riding him like a rodeo-cowboy riding a bull.  

" Ohhhh YES, This is the stuff! SWALLOW IT YOU BITCH!!! SWALLOW IT!!!
YES!!!!YES!! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!"
                
He rammed his black cock inside him, faster, deeper, harder with each thrust he
gave. Sweat was dripping from his forehead, he was pushing and holding Michael's
hair in his gigantic hands in an iron grip. He finally came and shot a sea of
hot, steamy cum down Michael's gullet, flushing it down into his stomach. Jake
moaned loudly at his climax and roared like a conqueror. He pulled Michael away
from him and tossed him aside as if he was an old rag doll. Michael collapsed to
the floor, his mind empty and his abused body sore and broken. Jake kicked him
in his testicles and yelled in his ears.

"I've told you that you shouldn't have the balls to rise against me! Look at you
now white boy! You're pathetic! You're nothing!!"

He spat in Michael's face and kicked him in his genitals again. Michael
whimpered weakly and tried to crawl on his elbows away from his boots.

"Look at you!! You're a pathetic worm!! You crawl and drool like a dog!! You're
nothing you hear me?! You 're nothing!!"

"Please stop.." Michael had stopped dodging Jake's boots and lay still. His body
was in shock. He was finally losing consciousness and he was thankful for it.
His mind was clouded and he could hardly keep his eyes open. His head was too
heavy to hold up any longer and he lay it down on his arms to rest,
"Please...stop...." He pleaded, his voice was weak and almost inaudible. "Stop
hurting me...please...."   

Jake raised his foot once more, but then seemed to calm down by the pleads of
his victim. He draw back his foot and spared him from his last torture
reluctantly.

"Give me a towel." He ordered Fly while he kept his eyes on Michael. Fly rushed
to the cabinet to fish out a snow white towel and handed it over to Jake. Jake
grabbed it and swept the sweat from his eyebrows, he than leaned silently to the
cold tiled wall and searched his pockets for a cigarette, finding it in his
right pocket. As he placed the cigarette filter between his lips, Fly's hand
swiftly moved in front of him, igniting a cigarette burner with his thumb. Jake
lit his cigarette nonchalantly, he inhaled the smoke and let the hot air roll
over his tongue. As he let the smoke escape through his nostrils, he kept
staring at Michael, who lay quivering on the floor. Michael had his eyes half
closed and he gazed empty into the distance like a zombie, all his will to life
beaten out of him.

"Fly." Jake's voice sounded calm, the hate and anger that had poisoned him since
Michael's escape seemed to have vanished.

"Fly, we better make sure that we clean up the mess that we have made."

Fly nodded silently and without further saying a word Jake walked over to
Michael, he squatted down, reached out his hand and stroke gently through
Michael's hair. He looked like a gigantic child squatting down to pet a small
rabbit. Michael writhed and tried to turn away from him, but he was too weak. He
begged softly for his mercy; "Please stop...stop hurting me.." Michael flickered
his eyes to clear his vision, he was so tired, so exhausted, he wanted to sleep.

"Hush white boy, hush....keep still."

Jake pushed Michael's head down gently, as he ran his fingers through his moist
hair he noticed that his locks were sticky with coagulated blood. It stained his
black hands a deep color purple.

"Fly." He spoke softly as he tried not to alarm Michael. "Get iodine and some
clean bandage from the medicine cabinet."

While Fly rushed off to get the stuff, Jake took off the towel that he had hung
around his neck and used it to cover Michael's naked body. Michael reacted
instinctively and crawled underneath the towel, he pulled up his legs close
against his trembling body, trying to preserve the little warmth that he was
still able to produce.

"Don't you worry white boy. We will get you fixed again."

Hesitatingly, Michael relaxed his exhausted body as Fly came back and they
started cleaning his wounds with a soft piece of cloth. He writhed as Jake
dabbed iodine on his wretched knees but as he realized that they were tending
his wounds, he tried to lay as still as possible. Jake bound his wounds and
rubbed salve on his sore anus and lips. He dabbed cold water on his swollen face
and cleaned crust and blood from his hair carefully, trying not to disturb his
head injury. 

"We can't bring him back like this to his isolation cell Jake." Mentioned Fly.
"If Dr Stanfield sees in what kind of state he's in, he's gonna flip."

Jake looked at Fly for moment, he was right. Although corporal punishment was
something that the Doc approved, the pitiful condition Michael was in right now
and his wounds on his lips and anus would certainly evoke questions. If the Doc
ever found out about the sexual abuse Jake and Fly conducted on the patients,
they were both bound to be punished. Personally, nothing scared Jake more than
to be dismissed from his duty at the institute. Despite his physical appearance,
he was a nobody outside the institute, just another ill educated black man with
no prospect for a better future. Inside the asylum however, he was feared by the
inmates over whom he had absolute power. He had such a notorious reputation that
all his colleagues were at least intimidated by him. The truth is that Jake is
so addicted to the power he had over people in the asylum, that he couldn't
imagine working anywhere else. He had to think of something to hide Michael from
the Doc till he was recovered from his worst injuries.

"We can lock him up in the old coal cellar, nobody ever comes there."

Fly agreed with the plan, they waited till it was past midnight when most of the
staff had gone home. Then they dragged Michael down to the basement. The coal
cellar had not been used for it's purpose for many years, it was converted into
a storage room for old patient files and discarded furniture. However, decades
of coal dust had stained the walls and floor as black as the night, creating a
sinister atmosphere in the cellar at night. The cellar  had also a small barred
window but no heating, and the cold wind that came through the window made
Michael's skin form Goosebumps. Fly covered a corner of the cellar floor with a
couple of dirty looking cloths and ordered Michael to kneel on them. He chained
him with his collar to a pipeline that ran across the wall.
        
"I guess we are ready for tonight, I can check on him tomorrow morning."

Jake nodded, as Fly left, Jake once more jerked on Michael's chain just to check
if it was secured enough, then he also left.

Michael sat motion less on his wretched knees for hours. The cloth that covered
the floor underneath his knees had become drenched with blood. Although he was
exhausted and his tormented body longed for rest, he was afraid that Jake and
Fly might still be fooling around with him and were playing a cruel game of hide
and seek. He thought that if he moved as much as an inch while they were gone,
they would come back and beat him up again. But as the hours crawled by and he
got weaker and weaker, he eventually found enough courage to let himself lie
down and rest. He curled himself up to a tight ball to preserve warmth, his cold
penis and balls pushed close against his warm belly. The draught in the cellar
made his naked body tremble like a leaf. As he closed his eyes, he tried to
imagine himself lying there on the floor, chained like a dog, abused and beaten,
left in the cellar to rot. He thought that he would cry out in desperation, that
he would somehow feel sorry for himself or his broken body, but he was not able
to. It was as if he had already shed away all his tears and that there were none
left to cry.




Chapter 12: The tape


Light escaped through the barred window and illuminated the dark corners of the
coal cellar. It hit Michael's closed eyelids, he had been sleeping for the last
4 hours. The light woke him from a shallow sleep and infiltrated his vision with
a bright orange color. He could feel the warmth of this natural light and he
opened his eyes. It was so long ago since he had felt sunlight on his face that
he thought that it was wonderful. As he squinted into the light he lifted his
hand and held it in front of the beam, as if he tried to capture the it. He then
dragged his broken body in a upright position, rubbed the sleep out of his eyes
and observed his surroundings. His prison existed of Ink-black cold stone walls
and a damp and filthy floor. It was packed with all sort of rubbish; old
bookcases filled with files of patients already dismissed from the asylum or
dead, chairs with broken legs, cabinets with drawers missing, boxes filled with
broken stuff and junk. Everything in the cellar was considered worthless and was
therefore discarded in the old coal cellar, just like himself. He was leaning
with his naked body against the cold stones with his wretched legs resting on
filthy clothes. Every painful movement he made caused his chains to jingle,
reminding him that he was prisoner. He had to go to the bathroom. First he
wanted to hold it in, but then he thought it was pretty useless to act as if he
was still a civilized man while in reality he was chained and treated like an
animal. He crawled as far away as his aching body was able to carry him from the
cloths he had used as blankets during the night and peed while he was still on
his hands and knees. He could feel his warm piss stream down his legs and
flooding the floor beneath him. A yellow pool of urine formed between his legs
and soiled his hands and knees. When he was finished, he crawled back to the
clothes, he didn't even bother to wipe himself clean anymore. He lay his weak
body down as close to the beam of light as his chains allowed him and waited
silently.

Fly returned in the afternoon and brought him something to eat. To Michael's
surprise it was not the dreadful gray porridge that he usually got from them,
but a bowl of chicken soup. Michael had forgotten that he hadn't eaten since the
last time Angelica had fed him supper and the smell of real food reminded him
that he was hungry. Fly smiled arrogantly as he teasingly held the bowl in front
of him, close enough to let his nose pick up the aromatic smell and make his
mouth fill with salivary. But as soon as he crawled towards it, his mouth opened
and drooling like a hungry dog, he replaced the bowl just out of his reach.
Michael moaned out of frustration and jerked on his chains, he stretched his
arms to reach the bowl, but he could hardly touch it with his fingertips. He
looked up at Fly, his eyes begging him silently to feed him. Fly squatted beside
Michael and picked up the bowl of soup. He is going to throw it away before my
eyes, thought Michael sadly by himself, he is going to torture me by just
carelessly throwing away something that I'm craving for.

Fly stood up and looked down at Michael. "Are you really hungry Michael? I
thought nurse Angelica had suckled you till you were fat and content before the
Doc ordered us to take it over from her. Do you really want this?"

Michael nodded eagerly and begged him. "Please, I am hungry sir. Please feed me.
Don't throw it away. I will even lick it up from your feet if you like, just let
me have it, please."

Fly smiled contently. "That won't be necessary, I brought a spoon. You will get
some of it, but first I have to take some security measures. Give me your hands
Michael."

Hesitatingly, Michael obeyed and hold his hands in front of him. Fly took a set
of leather hand cuffs out of his pockets and secured it around his wrists behind
his back. He then bound his legs together with an other set of leather cuffs.

"Crawl as close towards me as your chains allow it and kneel."

Michael obeyed and as he kneeled down and facing Fly's crotch, he couldn't help
himself to think of how he had sucked his black dick like a willing sex slave
last night in the bathing facility. He was reminded of how big his cock was and
how warm it felt to have it in his mouth. Shamefully, he abolished the memories
into the darker corners of his mind.

Fly took a spoon full of chicken soup and dripped it slowly onto the floor.
Michael opened his mouth eagerly and stretched his neck in order to catch as
much as he could. It tasted deliciously and his empty stomach yearned for more.
Fly took another spoon full and fed him in the same way, although this time he
moved his spoon from left to right and from back to front, Michael followed the
dripping spoon, trying to catch each drop of soup, his body following Fly's hand
like a snake following it's masters lute. Fly continued this till the bowl was
half full, he then put it on the floor in front of Michael and let him lick the
rest out of the bowl.

Michael licked the bowl spotless, when he had finished everything, Fly made him
sit down on the cold floor and show him his knees. Fly removed the old bandages
that were stained crusted blood and urine and replaced them for clean ones. He
checked Michael's collar bone, he ran his fingers over it, pushing on the
swollen flesh occasionally, making Michael writhed in pain. The area where he
had hit him had turned purple and blue, but he could not feel that there was
anything broken.

"Your injuries are not that serious, nothing broken that cannot heal. How did
you sleep last night white boy? Was it cold in here?"

"It...it was very cold in here."

"Do you need a blanket then?"

Michael nodded hesitatingly, "Yes, please."

"I will bring one tonight when I come back to keep an eye on you. Try to get
some shut eye, you need your rest to recover."  

The next few days, Fly took good care of Michael by feeding him and tending his
wounds. Michael recovered very well, he almost felt gratitude towards the man
who had inflicted the injuries on him in the first place. He learned to trust
him, although his trust was occasionally misled, since Fly would play sadistic
tricks on him every time he felt like it. Sometimes it where the bandages that
he ripped off his flesh too brutally, at other times it were the cigarettes that
he smoked and that he pushed out on Michael's genitals. Fly would order him to
hold his hands in front of his penis when he had to urinate and let him piss all
over them. He otherwise kept Michael hands and feet tied up and jerked on his
chains if he wasn't pleased with something he did and he hit him. Still, Michael
felt he was better off with Fly than with Jake and he suffered every abuse from
Fly without any resistance.

One late afternoon, Fly came down the cellar carrying a paper grocery bag.
Michael was curious what was inside, he hoped that it was something to eat since
he got only fed once a day and it was never enough to satisfy the empty feeling
in his stomach. Fly left the paper bag on an old table in the other corner of
the cellar and ran upstairs again. When he returned, he brought an old fashioned
VHS camera with him that he carefully focussed on Michael before he pulled out
the camera-stand and placed the camera 3 meters away from it's subject. He then
fished 2 flashlights out of the paper bag, and secured these on the stand with
pieces of rope. He aimed the fierce lights on Michael, who was getting alarmed
and had crawled with his back against the wall. He knew that Fly had something
up his sleeves and that was probably gonna involve a great deal of suffering for
him, causing the cold nibbling feeling of hunger inside him to make way for
shear panic. Fly fished two other dark objects out of the paper bag, but the
harsh lights that was shining in his eyes made it impossible to see what they
were. Fly untied Michael's handcuffs behind his back only to retie them above
his head and to secure them on a pipe line that ran aside the cellar wall. He
then replaced the leather cuffs on his feet with two separate steel cuffs. He
forced Michael to spread his legs wide and secured the steel cuffs to another
pipeline and to the leg of a loaded file case that stood nearby. Michael's body
was now stretched between it restrains and he was unable to close his legs
again. His genitals were exposed and in full view of the camera, he was totally
helpless. Fly tied a piece of cloth round his mouth and went back to the camera
to correct the focus and the lighting, he aimed one of the flashlights on
Michael's genitals and one on his now frightened face. Sweat was dripping from
his forehead and was captured in his dark eyebrows, he flashed his blue eyes
from corner to corner like a startled deer in order to observe Fly's every
movement and he prayed silently that what ever it was that he was going to do to
him would be quickly over soon.

Fly fooled around with the camera till he was satisfied and then pressed the
record button, he taped his chained subject and zoomed in on his wrinkled penis
and balls as he started to speak into the microphone.

"Well, well, well, this white ass cunt has a short little dick! Look at how
small it is. It's not even big enough to satisfy a Chi wa wa bitch! But maybe
Big Bad Daddy can do something about it. Hey white boy, moan for me! Moan like
the little sissy you are!"

Fly stepped on Michael's penis, rubbing his sole over his cock as he was rubbing
off dirt from his shoes. Michael was surprised that the sensation caused by this
was not that painful at all, it even felt arousing. Gradually, his cock became
erect as warm blood filled his cold and neglected lid. Fly's shoe rubbed against
his balls, the inner parts of his tights and his sensitive cock-head. Michael
moaned as Fly has ordered him to but as the rubbing progressed the sounds he
made became louder and more natural, he was getting wet. His body twisted in his
restrains and shivered of pleasure and humiliation. Fly increased the pressure
on his genitals now and then, sometimes even stepping on them with half his
weight causing Michael to arch his back in pain, but that pain mingled with the
warm sensual sensation he felt in his belly and became even part of it. He
closed his eyes and moaned like a whore trough his cloth while precum started to
drip of his red and swollen cock. By now he was only slightly aware of the
camera that kept focussing on him and captured every perverse image. An hot
steaming orgasm was forcing it's way out and he had to let it escape otherwise
this burning sensation inside would drive him insane. Sweat ran over his back
and red patches appeared on his cheeks and skin as if he was blushing all over
his body, he was almost there, almost...

Suddenly, Fly's shoe retreated and the rubbing stopped. Michael's moaned and
groaned anxiously, his body wriggled like a fish, still craving to let the
monstrous orgasm escape but finding no way to do so. He thought that he was
going mad with lust, his fully erect cock jerked and his pelvic muscles kept
contracting themselves as if they were thrusting into a non existing vagina. He
whined like a dog, begging his master for more.

Fly was still taping him and laughed sadistically as he saw his poor subject's
frustration. "Look at that! Seems to me that his dick is not that small after
all. Look at that pathetic little white boy getting all excited. You like that
don't you? You twisted little pervert! You like to be treated like a whore! Does
our little white ass cunt wanna come? Tell Big Bad Daddy about it! Moan if you
wanna come! Moan for me!"

Michael moaned as loud as he could trough his cloth, he even spread his legs
wider apart, inviting him to step on his genitals. His body twisted and pulled
on it's restrains, begging to be abused.

"Wow! Look at that horny bitch!! Getting all horny and wet like a pussy!! You
wanna be fucked by big Bad Daddy? Hey? You wanna be fucked like a whore?"

Michael nodded eagerly, tears of frustration started to ran down his cheek.
YES!!! He begged to be toughed, he begged to be taking by this black man's
superior huge cock. He would allow him to fuck him in every orifice he had, as
long as he would let him come!

Fly squatted beside him, he focussed his camera on Michael's face which was
already shining with sweat. Fly stroke gently across his cheek and wiped some
tears from his chin. Man, he thought by himself, this mother fucker looks damn
tasty when he's in distress! He was getting aroused himself. He grinned as he
said wickedly;

"I've a surprise for my little horny sissy boy." He gloved his hands and held up
the dark object he had brought with him in the grocery bag. Michael pierced 
trough the harsh light to get a glimpse at it. It was a big black rubber dildo
that wriggled like a worm. Fly ran his fingers across Michael's shiny cock and
collected as much of the precum as he could. He then smeared it all over the
faux cock. "I want this to slide in your ass as easily as a lump of butter." He
said and grinned. To wake his victim's lust even more, Fly rubbed the dildo
against his sensitive cock-head and turned the vibration on. He played with
Michael's tormented lid as if he was playing the violin with the dildo acting as
a bow. He rubbed it up and down the shaft, sometimes fast and sometimes
teasingly slow, applying pressure irregularly over his most sensitive areas. The
sensation that these caresses caused was enough to make Michael's head spin and
his cock dripping wet. Hundreds of different hormones rushed trough his veins
and triggered his organs; the muscles in his pelvis and his hips contracted
rhythmically, his toes and fingers twisted and his respiration became shallow
and labored. He moaned loudly to express the wicked sensation of depraved lust
that was coiling and twisting inside his body. "PFFFFuck mpffe!!!" He shouted
through his gag pleadingly. "PFFFFlease pffffuck mpfe!!!! Letth mpfe compfe,
letth mpffe compffe!!!"

Fly laughed loudly as he removed the now dripping wet dildo and ran the it's tip
sensuously down his scrotum to the groove between his ass cheeks and back while
the vibration was still on. "Beg me white boy if you wanna come!! Moan and beg
me for it!!!"

Michael, already mad with lust shouted through his gag again and again that he
wanted to be taken, that he wanted to be ravished by the black rubber cock that
Fly held in his hand while he moaned loader and hornier than any of the girls he
had fucked in his life. "PFFFuck mpffe!!! I begpff you, pffflease pfffuck
mpfe!!! Sffftick itff in myff ass, pffflease!!! PFFFuck mpffe pfflike a
pffhore!!!!"
And gradually, the vibrating dildo traveled further south, getting closer and
closer to his anus just before it retreated each time. Finally, it lingered in
front of his rosebud, touching it with it's vibrating tip and rubbing against
the fleshy valley in which it was hidden. Suddenly, The tip penetrated his anus,
spreading it's sphincter and sending sensual vibrations down into his body. Fly
then gave a brute thrust and the dildo vanished for more then two third inside
him. Michael first cried out of pain since the harshness of the assault tore
open his old wounds, but as the pain slowly ebbed away, it was replaced by a
burning wicked sensation that made his legs and arms spasm uncontrollably out of
pleasure. He felt like a virgin that was ravished for the first time and he
moaned and groaned while the vibrations he was riding on brought him into new
heights. Fly watched and filmed him, he saw his victim close his eyes of
pleasure and hold his mouth constantly open as if he was crying out one long
moan. His bare skin was flushed red and shiny with sweat. His otherwise pale
cheeks were rosy as if he was a naughty little school boy that had nipped a
drink from his father's medicine cabinet. Fly zoomed on Michael's delighted
face, then he ran the camera down his naked shivering body till he reached his
crotch. He observed the pool of fluid that had formed on the floor just beneath
his ass. Precum was still oozing out of his hard cock and wet his crotch before
it dripped down the groove between his ass cheeks to the floor.
Fly had to be quick now, Michael was going to come within seconds. He placed the
camera back on it's stand and kept it rolling while he picked up the second
object that he had brought with him. It was a gag formed like a black erect
penis. A long thin tube was connected to it. Fly grabbed Michael's cock and slid
the tube inside, Michael twisted by this unpleasant sensation, but he had tubes
in his ureter before and was therefore not too distressed by this. Fly then
reached out to the cloth that he tied around his mouth. As soon as the salivary
drenched cloth was removed, a load moaning sound escaped. Michael was almost
climaxing and his ravished body needed more oxygen to perform it's task, he
panted heavily while Fly grabbed his cheeks and forced the penis gag down his
throat. Michael coughed and choke his head violently, but soon was captured
again by his rising orgasm and stopped resisting.

"That's a good whore, suck it you slut!! Suck the cock!!! Suck it!!"

Michael obeyed meekly and while the camera rolled on, powerful sensations
erupted in side of him, an overwhelming orgasm exploded like a bomb in his
twisting sweaty body, making him arch his back and shout out loud of excitement
while his voice was muffled by the penis gag. He hadn't been able to have an
orgasm for months now and the final liberation of this burden brought an
overwhelming sensation of relief.    
He shot his load, a flood of hot steamy cum flushed down the tube and forced
it's way down his throat via the penis gag. Michael gargled as he almost drowned
in his own sperm, his eyes widened as he looked up at Fly, who was still filming
his ordeal.

"Don't look at the camera like that!! Just close your eyes and suck it white
boy!! Suck your own cum your horny bitch!!!"

The panic that overcame Michael retreated and he did as he was told. He sucked
the black rubber cock eagerly while he tasted his own cum, salty, slimy and
warm. He swallowed it down and filled his cold empty stomach with the hot
liquid. He sucked till the tube and the penis gag were empty and he had no more
cum to shoot. Exhausted but content, he let his body rest while heavily panting
through his gag.

Fly removed the dildo from his ass, he looked at Michael arrogantly and spat in
his face in contempt of his indignant behavior. "Got your perversities on tape
now white boy! Bet you're gonna make a lot of people horny!" he released Michael
from his steel ankle cuffs and retied his hands behind his back, Michael was
still trying to catch his breath from his sexual exertions, he leaned his
exhausted body against the cold stones and let Fly retie his restrains. The
fantastic warm and content feeling that had first captured him directly after
his overwhelming orgasm was gone only to be replaced by a cold and empty
feeling. He had once again degraded himself. He had let Fly sexually abuse him
and make him beg like a whore to be ravished. The most disturbing part was that
although Fly had let him beg before, this time he had been doing it partly out
of his own free will. Shamefully, he draw his eyes to the floor, he couldn't
bare to look his tormentor into the eyes. He pulled his legs against his sweaty
body, making himself as small and invisible for the world as possible and sat
there silently. He looked like a frightened puppy that had been caught doing
something naughty by his master. Fly packed his stuff back in the paper bag.
"Say goodbye to your good friends Michael, although I promise that they are
gonna visit you again soon." He grinned while he dropped the rubber dildo gag
and the vibrator into the bag. He rushed upstairs with the camera and came back
after a while with a bowl of  food. He put it on the floor just in front of
Michael. "Eat it now if you're hungry, this is all you gonna get for some time.
If you haven't finished it before I'm back I will remove it anyway and feed it
to the rats in the kitchen. Bon appetite white boy." And with that said, he
grabbed the bag and left the cellar. Michael sat there motionless for a moment,
his mind still in shock of what Fly had done to him and had made him capable of.
But finally, his lower instincts took over once again and he crawled over to the
bowl and he started to feed himself like a hungry dog, gulping down his food as
fast as possible.         




Chapter 13		The tape (part 2)



Angelica was doing her usual round in the high security ward at Tuesday night as
she heard giggling and loud laughter in the nurse headquarter. Curiously, she
walked towards the room to find out what was going on. She recognized the voices
that were talking behind the closed door as that of Belinda and Fly. She had
seen them together in the afternoon talking to each other during coffee break.
Belinda had been leaning against the window-frame smoking her cigarette while
Fly hung around her like an annoying insect. Angelica knew that Fly had an eye
on Belinda, but she also knew that she was not interested in him at all. Every
time when Fly tried to ask her out for a date or just walked over to her to have
a nice chat, she will turn down his invitations, make fun of him or simply
ignore him. Although Angelica thought that Fly had it coming with his bad
attitude towards women and sexist's talk, she didn't approve Belinda's behavior.
Belinda was a real prick-tease, she knew how good she looked and she enjoyed to
seduce men with her voluptuous body, she would court and flirt with them till
they were craving for her, only to leave them cold turkey with their hard ones
as she left. Not that Angelica wanted to judge Belinda for her sexual
preferences, she was a modern liberate minded girl and she knew that she should
leave people in their own dignity, but still... Belinda had the tendency not
only to tease the men she met in the bar down town, she also pulled sadistic
tricks on with the patients. And she knew how she had treated Michael down in
the basement during what Belinda mockingly called " hydrotherapy for wackos".
Michael had told her everything about it during their short time together.
Angelica could not comprehend why Belinda would suddenly be interested in Fly
and why these two were having a secret rendezvous. She stood silently behind the
closed door and listened carefully at what they said. She heard Fly making
bad-tasted jokes on prostitutes and gays. Belinda responded with loud laugher;
"Oh, Fly!! That's so funny!!"

Although Angelica couldn't see their faces, she knew that Belinda was faking,
she could hear it by the tone of her voice. Belinda was humoring him, and she
never humored anyone without a selfish reason. Fly on the other hand, was now
convinced that he was quite the charmer.

"You thought that was good? Now then you should hear this one Baby! It's about a
prostitute who goes to see a gynecologist..." Belinda interrupted him
immediately, she had probably heard enough bad jokes for one night.

 "Oh sweety, can't we just stop talking for a while, I'm really longing to see
those videos you told me about. Can we watch them now, please? Her voice sounded
as sweet and smooth as honey. Fly hesitated. "But I thought we're gonna have a
nice chat first and then fool around a little before we watched it! Don't you
like hanging out with me Baby?"

"Oh, yes but of course you silly! I wouldn't agree to go to the movies with you
tomorrow if I didn't like you! And of course we're gonna make love. But you
know.." her voice lowered and as she hissed like a serpent. "I would be so much
better in bed if I could watch those video's of yours before we get started!
That new guy Michael got me so hot last time, I could give you the night of your
life..."

Angelica was shocked as she heard Michael's name mentioned, she hadn't been
allowed to see him since the last time that she left in a hurry. She had been
thinking and worrying about him ever since and had regretted the harsh words she
had spoken when they parted. Dane had told her that Michael tried to escape but
was caught and delivered to Jake and Fly, who had been appointed by the doctor
for his supervision. After learning this she immediately rushed down to Doctor
Stanfield's office. She pleaded to the doctor to bring Michael under her care
again, explaining to him in what kind of danger he was in the hands of these
sadistic maniacs and telling him what Michael had told her; about how they had
abused him and had threatened to kill him. But Stanfield brushed all these
accusations aside and told her that she shouldn't be listening to the ramblings
of a madman, that she was fooled by Michael who he pictured as a cunning but
dirty minded women exploiter. That all the horrible crimes he accused Jake and
Fly of were mere cobwebs of his own sick mind.

"You should be able to draw the line between sanity and madness miss Angelica."
The doctor said as he was looking at her tense face. "If you as a part of the
medical staff are unable to do so, how can we count on you to take care of the
patients?"

She talked, she reasoned and begged, but it was no use. Doctor Stanfield stood
by his decision. So she finally left the doctor's office and tried to find out
where Jake and Fly had taken him. She followed Fly when he was bringing around
supper or lunch, hoping that he would lead her to Michael, but she never found
out where they kept him. They wouldn't take him to the showers and she had never
seen him outside his hidden prison. As the weeks passed by she got desperate.
The sudden mentioning of his name by Belinda was enough to catch her attention
and make her heart beat faster. She forgot about how potentially dangerous it
was to eavesdrop a conversation between these two and carefully pushed the door
slightly open to peek through the chink. Belinda had Fly wrapped around her
fingers and she watched him shiver of lust as she ran her perfectly polished
nails down his shirt and drew little circles around his crotch. A tent was
sticking out of his trousers.

"Oh baby!! Of course we can watch the tapes first,...which do you want to
see...the one I just made this afternoon or the first one I made?" Belinda
looked him into his dark eyes and curled her ruby lips into a devilishly
seductive smile as she whispered in his ears; "I want to see them ALL..."

Fly was getting weak in his leg. "I better start up the tape then." He stumbled
while his dark cheeks flushed a color purple. He got up clumsily and fed a tape
into the VCR. He searched desperately for the remote control only to find it
back five minutes later in his seat. Belinda watched his chaotic behavior
amusingly while lighting herself another cigarette. This is going to be a piece
of cake, she though by herself and brushed her silky dark brown hair from her
shoulders. Finally, Fly got the tape running, he rushed back to his seat on the
bench next to Belinda and put his arm around her shoulder. "You don't mind do ya
doll-face?" Fly asked and grinned like an idiot. Belinda didn't answer him but
merely gave him a faked approving smile, then she turned her head back to gaze
at the TV. Angelica too fixed her eyes on the small TV set in the middle of the
room, she was anxious but she also had a bad feeling about what she was going to
see. The videotape was of poor quality and the first few seconds was snowed down
by static. Then suddenly, she heard Michael's voice. He sounded strange, as if
he was gagged and she wasn't able to understand any of the words he uttered. But
it was him. She was absolutely sure about it. She could recognize his voice out
of thousands. Then, still in the mist of static, she heard a pitiful cry that
caused her skin to form Goosebumps. They are hurting him, she thought in total
shock. She clenched her hands around the fabric of her dress as she heard
Michael beg for mercy. It was followed by the sound of  a clasping whip and by
another petrifying cry. Angelica had to force her self not to rush into that
room and rip the tape out of the recorder. She dreaded for what she was about to
see. The static started to clear, a part of a naked body became visible. She
heard another male voice, this time she recognized it as the loud and booming
voice of Jake.



"Stop whining you bitch!! Aren't enjoying this?! I thought that you liked this
when Fly showed me that perverse tape of yours!! Shut your fucking face!!"

The image was clear by now, Angelica could distinguish Jake's broad figure, he
stood there with his legs wide and sturdy as a rock, in his hand he held a
horsewhip that was dripping with blood. Jake grinned and wiped sweat from
browns, he was transpiring heavily. The pitiful cries stopped to be replaced by
a weak and sad whining that sounded barely human. The camera draw away from
Jake, it focussed downwards towards the ground and stopped as it reached the
victim's trembling naked body. Angelica had to press her hand against her mouth
to hold back an escaping cry.

Michael was lying on an old mattress with his arms and legs tied down and
spread-eagled. A dirty piece of cloth was tied in his mouth. His chest showed
dozens of lash wounds, some were still swollen welts, others were deep cuts
oozing with blood. Suddenly, the horsewhip lashed down on his tormented chest,
Michael twisted in his restrains, his horrible cries muffled, his face shiny
with tears.

"Told you to stop whining you piece of shit!! Stop whining or I will lash you
till all your stinking flesh is torn from your bones!! Shut the fuck up!!"
Another lash, it hit one of the red welts which erupted by the impact, creating
a fresh carved cut wound. Michael's screams intensified, the pain must be
unbearable.

"Told you to shut the fuck up you imbecile!! How slow can you be!? If you want
me to stop hurting you just shut the fuck up, comprende?"

A third blow made contact with his wretched bare skin, but this time Michael
finally seemed to grasp what Jake was aiming at and he pressed his lips tight
together to hold in his cries. As his body suffered five more blows, the only
sound that escaped from his mouth was a weak and sad whining. His chest was
turned into a bloody mess, his legs and arms spasmed at each impact and Angelica
could only imagine how horrible it was for him to suffer such torture. Tears
were running down her pale face. She wished that she could turn away from the
room and forget every horrifying image that she had seen, but her eyes were
fixated on the small TV screen. She had to know what happened to him, she must
know that he is still alive.
     
The camera refocused again, this time it followed Michael's wretched body down
his chest and belly till it reached his crotch. A big black vibrating dildo was
strapped against his penis with leather restrains, the tip of the faux cock was
pressed against his cock-head. The vibrations that were send down his genitals
had given him an erection. It looked strange and contradicting with the torture
that his body had to endure. The presence of his erect and throbbing lid
dripping wet with precum made poor Michael look even more pathetic and helpless;
he looked like a perverted madman who was enjoying their brute treatments.
However, this image was like honey to the bees for Belinda, her sadistic mind
was aroused and her delicate hands started to fumble with her short dress. Her
nipples became hard as she heard Michael's pitiful cries and each lash would
send sensual vibrations down her spine. Her left hand snaked down between her
legs, she started to rub her vagina trough her satin nickers that was already
drenched with her fluids. Her right hand joined in and slipped under the thin
cloth. She felt the warm moistness inside her as she pushed two fingers between
her venus lips and started to rub her clit gently while keeping her eyes
focussed on the screen. Fly observed her from the corners of his eyes, his
libido was almost driving him mad. If it wasn't for the fact that he knew that
Belinda would freak out and leave him with his hard one as he so much as toughed
her during her little trip to heaven, he would had stuck his tongue down her
throat and ripped the clothes from her divine body ages ago.

Easy, he thought by himself, keep your cool, let the girl have her fun for now.
Be a gent. She will keep her promise, she will give you the fuck of your life!
Just lay low for a while till she had enough. Stop looking at her! Think of
something that can suppress your libido; think of baseball, think of public
toilets, think of George Bush! Fly squeezed his eyes shut and forced himself not
to take notice of the gorgeous brunette next to him. It was utter agony.

The sound of the lashes finally stopped and it became silent. Angelica could
clearly hear the shallow and labored breathes that Michael took. Jake, who was
now outside view, said mockingly; "It's surprising how you white guys have ever
achieved to discover America. Man you're dumb!! In fact, it surprises me that
you white trash shit heads can even find your own behind!!" he raised his foot
and stepped on Michael's blooded chest, wiping the dirt of his shoes into his
freshly inflicted wounds. Michael reacted with a muffled cry, he lifted his head
towards his chest in an uncontrolled reflex, only to have it pushed back by
Jake. "You don't like it when I rub dirt on your wounds? Maybe my black man's
shoes are not posh enough for you white ass middle class snobs!! Is that what it
is? You fucking shit head!! ANSWER ME!!!!!"
Jake stepped on Michael's right cheek with his full body weight, pushing his
nose and mouth deep into the mattress and wrecking his jaw. Michael cried out
trough his cloth and the layers of thick nylon, begging for mercy. He couldn't
breathe and he felt as if his jawbone could snap in any minute. Finally, Jake
retreated his foot. With his gigantic hands he lifted Michael's head from the
pit in the mattress and held him close to his face. He hissed while he spoke. "
Now white boy, did you have something to say before I'm gonna fuck you like the
little sissy slut you are? Or do we have to continue with our little foreplay?"
Roughly, he removed the piece of cloth from his mouth, Michael choked and
coughed while he tried to swallow the tears. He opened his mouth and spoke, his
voice weak and trembling; "No...Please...Thank you...Thank you for teaching me a
lesson master ...Thank you for whipping me....I deserved it...I had it
coming...I am nothing...I am an animal, a dog, a slave......I am a crawling worm
not even worth to pee on....please...."
Jake tensed face lightened up after hearing this, his big black lips stretched
wide into a sadistic smile. "You're not that dumb as I thought you were white
boy! It's good that you know your place and have dropped that white prick
heroism of yours. So you're ready to be fucked by the superior race? You're
begging for it aren't ya, to be taken by me like a good willing white slut?"

The camera was still focussed upon Michael, it zoomed in on his pale and
desperate face. "Please fuck me.." And his eyes rimmed with tears of humiliation
as he spoke out these words. "Please fuck me, I will be a good whore....Please
fuck me master...fuck me..."

Jake laughed out loud. "That's the right attitude we're looking for! You're my
bitch now little sissy boy and I'm gonna use you till you're sore and broken, DO
YOU HEAR ME?! I'm gonna fuck you till my sperm is dripping out of every orifice
of your useless body!! "

Belinda was working herself to a climax, her dripping wet pussy soaked her hands
and she moaned loudly with each sight at Michael's torture and humiliation. As
she almost came, the rubbing on her clit intensified and her moans became
shorter and louder. Pink blushes appeared on her ivory cheeks, her velvet lips
were parted while her delicate mouth was forming an dark O. Fly had to clench
his hands to the bench to control himself. Oh how he wanted to take her on the
bench right now!!!

Suddenly, the image vanished and the VCR shut down, leaving behind an black and
white screen with the sound of static snow roaring through the speakers.

Belinda was harshly ripped out of her climax and gazed unbelievingly at the
empty screen. "What the hell is going on? Where is the rest of the tape?"

Fly rushed over to the VCR and tried the reject button, it didn't work. He tried
resetting the machine, still the VCR refused to spit out the tape.

"I asked you something Fly! Why is the VCR not working?" Belinda was flushed
with anger, her orgasm was ebbing away with every second that she was not able
to watch that tape and had to stare at Fly's ugly muck. And she was so close to
coming! Why did that dumb VCR had to break down at this very moment?
 
"God damn it!! Can't you do anything right Fly! I was just getting into the
mood! If you can't fix that VCR within two minutes from now I am leaving!"

Fly started to sweat, he pushed all the buttons that where on the display,
hoping that he got lucky and get the tape up and running again. It was of course
of no use at all. Finally his frustration turned into anger and he smashed the
machine with his knuckles.

"Damn! Stupid tape, get out of there!! Jake's gonna fry me if he finds out! Get
the fuck out of there!"

He rammed his fists onto the VCR, suddenly the display reacted to one of the
blows, it flashed chaotically showing all six digital eighths for a few seconds,
then it finally extinguished, leaving only the small red standby light burning.   
       
"That's it! I am out of here! Try to fix something with your brains next time
instead with your Neanderthal's craftsmanship will you?" She stood up, pulled
her dress far over her knees and marched towards the door.

"Baby! Please don't go! We can leave the tapes for what they are and make it a
special night on our own, right? We don't need those tapes! At least I don't
need them, honest!"

Belinda turned around when she got to the door and gave him a sarcastic smile.
"Oh yes sweety, you do need those tapes, trust me!"

She flung open the door and stepped angrily down the corridor, her high heeled
shoes clicking on the tiles. "Dickhead!" She muttered as she passed by Angelica,
she had seen her and had hidden herself just in time in the closet room next to
the nurse headquarter. Angelica held her breath as Belinda walked by and kept
herself as still as possible. The sound of her footsteps retreated in the
hallway as she finally dare to take a peek trough the chink. She had to find out
where they had hidden Michael. If that horrific videotape was real...and she
prayed that it wasn't...he would be in a terrible condition and needed help
immediately. She waited silently in the darkness, her heart jumping in her
throat while her hands were moist with transpiration. Finally, Fly came out of
the nurse headquarter, cursing aloud and holding only one of the two tapes he
bought in his hand. He must had left the other one in the VCR, maybe he was
getting some tools to fix it, she figured. He couldn't leave it in there if he
didn't want to get caught. Fly locked the room and walked down the corridor in
her opposite direction towards the elevators and disappeared around the corner.



Angelica ran towards the nurse headquarter. She had to be quick, Fly could
return any minute from now. She reached for her keys in her pockets and
nervously tried to single out the right one, almost dropping the whole bunch in
the process. Finally she found it, she unlocked the door and slipped into the
room while closing it behind her immediately. Safe for the moment. As she
crouched beside the VCR and took a look at it, she saw to her relief that the
tape was still there. It was also still stuck in VCR tough, as she pushed the
reject and reset buttons, no reply was given. Desperately, she tried to get the
tape out with her hands, trying to lift it out of its metal casket with her long
fingers, but her efforts were fruitless.

I need a screwdriver, she thought, I need tools, I need to get tools. She rushed
towards the door, but then she realized there might be not enough time to get
the proper equipment before Fly returned to collect the tape. She needed to act
now, maybe there was still something that she could try. Her VCR at home had
once swallowed a video she had rented. The electrician to whom she had brought
the VCR for repair had then taught her a little trick to get al least the tape
out and return it in time. She never tried it out before and it was probably
never going to work, but still...

Tensely, she followed the cable that ran from the VCR to the junction box. She
pulled the plug and waited a couple of seconds. Her blood was racing in her
veins and she could hear her own heartbeats echo in her ears. There goes for
nothing, she thought and plugged the VCR back in. The machine awoke as if it had
been hit by lightning and the display showed once again all six of the green
eighths. It grumbled and stuttered as the bolt of electric current raged through
it's dark bowels, and for a moment it looked like it was going to break down
again. Then its reject mechanism was struck and forced back into life. The
stubborn piece of electronics finally coughed out the videotape. Angelica was
pleasantly surprised, she grabbed the tape without any second thoughts and
rushed out of the office. In her anxiety, she almost forgot to lock the room. As
she fumbled with her keys, the sound of approaching footsteps coming from the
direct of the elevators stroke her hart with cold panic. With a fast clockwise
rotation she locked the door and marched down the hallway while trying to hide
the tape under her uniform. As she slipped it under her white polo-shirt, the
cold plastic caused shivers down her spine. She was just out of the hallway as
Fly turned the corner and walked tensely towards the nurse headquarter while
dragging a heavy toolbox in his right hand.




Chapter 14		Sad farewell



The sound of heels making contact on wood. The stairs that lead to the desolated
coal cellar hadn't been in use for almost two decades since the central heating
system of the institute had shifted from using coal to gas. Cold dark stained
stones lined the narrow stairway creating a claustrophobic atmosphere. The thick
scent of mold and rotten wood filled her nostrils. With a trembling hand,
Angelica guided the beam coming from her flashlight down into the darkness. As
she descended the stairs, her heartbeats increased and she could hear her blood
rushing through her veins. The tape that she stole from Fly had given her an
indication where she might find her lost lover. Fly hadn't made much effort to
conceal the surroundings in which they were filming. Sometimes, the coal stained
walls of the cellar were visible, at other times the camera caught the presence
of pieces of old furniture she recognized as discarded years ago. While studying
the tape at home she had soon enough figured the pieces together. They must have
hidden him in the abandoned coal cellar. At least, she was convinced that that
was the location where they had forced him to perform their sick and twisted
scenarios. With his possible hideout in mind, she waited anxiously till night to
return to the asylum for her late shift, her heart longing to search for him
immediately but her reason forbidding her to go back during daytime. It would be
too suspicious, too dangerous. As the hours crawled by, she searched her house
for a flashlight, a sharp Swiss pocketknife and clean bandages. When the sun
finally set she jumped in her car and raced back to the asylum, going in her
mind through the possible problems she might encounter when she actually did
find him. He was probably wounded and may not be able to walk by his own, he
could also be tied up by leather restrains, or worse, he can be captured in
metal chains that she wouldn't be able to cut lose with her small pocketknife.
She knew that Fly and Jake were both not scheduled to work on the late shift
tonight, but since she stole their tape, it might be that they expected that
something was wrong. They could be waiting for her in the cellar, ready to
silence her. The thought of them lurking in the dark, watching her every
movement right now as she was descending the stairs frightened her, but her
strong belief in justice and her urge to see Michael again made her courageous
enough to take all these risks. Hesitatingly, she started to whisper his name,
hoping for a response.

"Michael?...Michael...are you there?"

Her question was only answered by silence, she had reached the cellar by now and
had lost herself in a sea of darkness. Her flashlight revealed the ghostly
figures of wooden arms and legs, lying scattered or piled up like the remains of
killed soldiers on a battlefield. On each side of her were dark bookcases filled
with pale file maps, the letters scribbled on their backs almost removed
completely by the hand of time.



 "Michael!...Please answer me!...I'm Angelica!...Answer me if you can hear me!"

She held her breath for a moment as she waited for his reply, but the only
sounds that she heard was the dripping of water on the damp floor and her own
shallow breathing. Her heart sank, could it be that she was too late?

"Michael!" Her voice sounded desperate now. "Michael! Please, answer me if you
can hear me! Don't let me leave without you!"

The beam of her flashlight lit every surface she passed by as she tried to find
her way through the wood of furniture. She bruised herself as she fell over a
lost chair, tears started to welt in her eyes as she kept shouting his name
while no response came out of the thick darkness that surrounded her. Please,
she prayed silently, please let him be alive, let me find him Lord, he doesn't
deserve to come to his end in this wretched place.

"Michael! Answer me! Don't leave me alone like this..."

Then, as she held her trembling breath, a weak cry came from the far corner of
the cellar. For a moment she thought that she had dreamt it, that her senses
were playing tricks on her, but as she waited in silence to hear it again, the
cry returned, sounding more certain and real then the first time.
"Michael?..Michael is that you?"

Her heart refilled itself with hope, carelessly, she forced herself a way trough
the thick wood of invisible barriers, stubbing herself against table edges and
file cabinets. She rushed towards the corner near the barred window, where soft
moonlight was infiltrating the cellar and cast dark shadows against the wall.
The cries intensified as she approached, it gave her wings to fly and she
traveled like a bird, avoiding obstacles by instinct. She could pick up the
scent of his warm sweat as her searching eyes, now adapted to the darkness,
finally found him. He lie on a gray mattress stained with his own blood and
urine. His hands were tied behind his back. His mouth was silenced by a piece
cloth, and his legs were forced apart by separate restrains. He cried out to her
trough his gag as she fell on her knees and held him in her arms, cradling his
head to comfort him. Carefully, she removed the cloth stained with blood caused
by the bleedings in the corners of his mouth.

"Are you all right Michael?" She ran her fingers over his tormented chest,
finding the rough surfaces of crusted wounds and the soft humps of swellings.
She couldn't help but cry as she realized how they had tormented his body that
she remembered as almost flawless and strong during the time that she cared for
him. Michael looked at her with a bemused gaze, his otherwise sparkling eyes
clouded in mist and his pupils unnaturally widened. They had drugged him to keep
him silent during the night and to numb his pain. Still, with a trembling voice
he replied to her, as he was frightened that she would leave if he didn't.

"Angel...You're my angel...have I ever told you that?"

Angelica looked him lovingly in his steel blue eyes and pressed his cold cheeks
against her own. "I know that I am your angel, you don't need to tell me that
Michael."

"I prayed for you my angel, I had prayed that I could see you again before I
died." He smiled sadly as he tried to wet his cracked lips. Tears welted in his
eyes. "I saw you in my dreams, I saw your face and heard your voice a thousand
times, and I cried out to you. But each time you left without me, I cried out
your name and tried to pull myself out of the darkness, but I was too weak and
you just couldn't find me, I was so lonely...so sad." She wept as she heard his
words, it stabbed daggers in her heart and made it bleed. With a trembling hand,
she wiped the tears from his face and kissed him tenderly on his crusted lips.
She kissed his cold cheeks and whispered in his ears that she will never leave
him again, she would let nobody take him away from her, never again will his
heart be filled with sadness and sorrow. He returned her kisses slowly, finding
himself lost in the embrace of his nymph who was supposed to be gone forever.
His tortured mind could not grasp the concept of her actual presence and thought
that this all was still a dream. A dream, that could end at any moment.

Angelica forced herself to let go of him. She must keep herself together if she
wanted to free him. Danger was still lurking above their heads like the Sword of
Damocles. She pulled out her Swiss pocketknife and started to cut through his
restrains. He watched her from the corners of his eyes, his heart filled with
sorrow since he was convinced that his Angel was not real, and that her effort
were all in vain. "Please stop that, don't waste our time together like this."
He whispered pleadingly, begging her with his eyes to hold him in her arms once
more. "You will vanish soon from my dreams and I will wake up alone. Don't waste
our time by trying to cut me lose. It is of no use. You can't free me. I know
that."

Angelica looked at him and her heart broke as she saw how sad he was. She
realized that he was confused and thought that she was a ghost, appearing in his
dreams. Her urge to comfort him won against her reason and she held his
tormented body close to her, gently she stroke trough his hair while reassuring
him of her presence.

"I am really here Michael. It's not a dream you can wake up from. I am really
here...Believe me, trust me...."

Michael looked at her as if awakened by her from a dream, he blinked his eyes
and parted his lips to breathe in he scent of her sweat and perfume. He tilted
his head and gazed at her delicate face. Then, as if he wanted to sense her
presence even more, he bend towards her and rubbed his nose gently against her
red lips. Softly he whispered in her mouth. "If you're really here with me, if
you're real and not some kind of ghost haunting me from my memories...Please
kiss me again."

Angelica pressed her lips against his, her passion taking control over her body.
With her moist tongue she tended his cracked lips and she wrapped her arms
tightly around his neck. Michael felt the warmth of her breasts as she leaned
over him and pressed her body against his. He arched his back in pain when her
nurse uniform made friction with his wounds, but he swallowed his cries and kept
kissing her in her neck, on her cheeks and lips, he didn't want her to let go.
She positioned herself on top of him carefully while her hands retreated from
his neck and started to unbutton her white shirt. Her breasts were captured in a
violet satin bra that she loosened anxiously while she kissed him again full on
his lips, tangling her tongue around his. As she tossed her clothes aside
carelessly, she revealed her breasts to him, perfectly round and milky white
like cream with soft pink centers, the color of rose pedals. She guided her
divine breasts towards his lips. He licked and kissed them tenderly, his tongue
lingered around her nipples which were getting hard and erect by his caresses.
Then he suck on one of them, she felt the warmth of his mouth cupping her
sensitive nub and closed her eyes in pleasure. Eagerly, she rewarded him with
kisses all over his chest and belly, working her way down towards his groin. She
tenderly cupped her hands around his scrotum and started to fumble his balls,
rubbing them between her soft fingers. She kissed his lid that was getting
aroused by her attention. With her tongue, she licked his shaft from his balls
to the tip of his cock, teasing him gently by wriggling the end of her tongue

over his cockhead sensually. Michael was overwhelmed by the warm and familiar
feeling that was forcing a way trough his pain ridden body. It was a different
kind of arousal then the ones he experienced when he was forced to come in front
of the camera. The last one consisted of a strange poisonous concoction of
guilt, embarrassment, and fear leaded by lust. The arousal that he was
experiencing right now was pure and natural, like the love he felt for her. He
gasped for air as she put his now fully erect cock inside her warm mouth. She
rolled her tongue against his shaft and sucked the tip of his cock with her
sensuous lips. A stream of warm precum erupted and dripped along his strong
erected lid. She licked up each drop of his liquid as if it was honeydew,
closing her eyes in content as she heard him moan in pleasure. Then, she pressed
her groin close against his, their flesh only separated by the thin fabric of
her satin nickers. She was wet and he captured the scent of her pussy as she
pulled out the piece of cloth that hid her sex and tossed it aside. As she
replaced herself on top of him, he could feel the moistness coming from her
pussy rubbing against his belly. It felt warm and smooth. Her delicate hands
slid into her golden bush of pubic hair where she found her Venus lips, she
parted them for him, inviting him to enter her. He contracted the muscles in his
pelvis and tried to slip his erected cock inside her, but his restrains and his
exhaustion made this task too hard. She noticed his desperate attempts to
penetrate her. Compassionately she and hushed his anxiety and shame away. "Let
me help you with that." She whispered and kissed him on his cheeks. Gently, she
guided his penis with her hands towards her wet pussy. She lifted herself
slightly above his body and placed his lid directly under her. Then, she lowered
herself slowly on his erect penis, sliding herself over it like a perfectly
fitting glove. Michael moaned loudly as he felt the warmth and moistness inside
her, it has been so long since he was inside a woman. Gently, she rode him,
flexing her muscles, pushing his lid deeper into her body rhythmically. Her soft
hands stroke the inner part of his thighs, and she overloaded his belly with
caresses and hungry kisses. Her soft curly hair brushed over his chest, tickling
his senses. She worked his exhausted body towards an overwhelming climax with
her tenderness and care. The hot uncontrollable sensation exploding from his
groin washed his pain and suffering away and ripped through his soul. He
clenched his teeth and closed his eyes, her soft and satisfied moaning ringing
through his ears. He felt his cock swell inside her pussy and his pelvic muscles
started to contract on reflect, pumping his lid deeper into her. She trembled as
she felt his manhood awaken and stir and intensified her thrusts against his
groin while throwing her head back, swinging her golden locks over her
shoulders. Their bodies mingled into one as they performed this ancient ritual
between a man and a woman. She came first, her screams echoed in the abandoned
cellar, her breath forming clouds in the dark air and her naked body steaming.
Then, with one last final shaking plunge and a ragged moan, He came inside of
her, filling her with his warm fertile seed. In that short moment of time, he
died, and was reborn like a phoenix from the ashes. She fell exhausted on his
bare chest, her soft hair framing her face, which was shiny with sweat. Her red
lips trembled and opened to fill her lungs with cold air. He kissed her golden
manes as she cuddled her soft body against his, wrapping her arms around his
shoulders, her thighs still nested between his legs. For a moment they lay there
in silence, their body tangled around each other, their pale flesh illuminated
by the moonlight infiltrating through the barred window. They resembled one of
Rodin's erotic sculptures. Their breaths taken together in harmony.

Michael mused at the dark ceiling as he listened to her calm breathing and
sensed her sweet breath in his neck. How he loved this girl. No matter what they
will do to him in the future, his thoughts will always be with her. She had
stolen his heart and his soul. He tilted his head and kissed her neck. "I love
you my Angel." He whispered in her ears and rubbed his lips against her delicate
ear lobs tenderly. "I love you with whole my heart." She lifted her head and
looked him into his eyes, her pale face still as captivating to him as the first
day he met her. "I love you too..."And she planted a kiss on his forehead, her
words were mere weak compared to the indescribable feelings she had towards this
man.

"I KNEW THAT THERE WERE RATS IN THE CELLAR! DIDN'T EXPECT TO FIND SUCH BIG ONES
THOUGH!"

The two lovers were startled by this booming voice. An ice-cold splash of water
hit their bodies causing them to act in reflex and crawl closer to eachother
seeking comfort and warmth. Then, a harsh light illuminated their shocked faces,
a dark figure was standing in front of them, blinding them mercilessly with his
flashlight. Shivering, Angelica spoke out the words that she had dreaded to
speak since she entered the cellar. "They've found us...."

"No bitch! I've found you! You can steal from that mother fucking idiot Fly, but
you can't fool ME! I've been watching your horny performances behind the
bookcases. You're really something you know that? Walking around the asylum like
a high-class bitch, too frigid and too good to pay attention to the brothers or
me. And then you're screwing a worm like him! Throwing yourself on him like a
horny oversexed slut."

Jake appeared from the darkness, his face folded into a tense expression, his
lips pulled into a sadistic grin. He grabbed her brutally by her shoulder, and
flung her body against the walls. She shrieked as she landed with her back
against the protruding ends of a pile of chairs. Michael pulled on his restrains
as he heard her cries, his heart filled with guilt and frustration, as he was
unable to protect her. Jake walked over to her as she lay on the floor, her
breathing shallow and her hair covering her pain struck face. His giant hand
grabbed her chin and forced her to look up at him. From the corners of his
vision, Michael could see the glistering of tears welt up in her eyes. Then,
Jake slapped her, flat on her cheeks, the violence of the blow flung her head to
once side. She cried out loud, folding her hands protectively over her struck
face. Jake pulled her hair together to reveal her other cheek and slapped her
again and again. The sound of contact between flesh and flesh ripped throughout
the darkness of the night.

"You mother fucking slut! You whore! Did you think that you could FOOL me? Hey?
Did you think you could slip just out of here, taking this miserable worm with
ya? YOU DUMB STINKING WHITE CUNT!!"

He lifted his foot and kicked her in her stomach, the pain that she experienced
made her breath stall and she coiled up in agony on the floor. Michael couldn't
stand this any longer, the cold feeling of fear that was twisting in his stomach
made way for hot burning anger as he heard her suffer from another blow by the
hands of his tormentor. He pulled on his restrains and jerked his head as he
yelled to him.

"Stop hurting her you sick mother fucking bastard! You wanna play rough? Pick on
someone you're own size!! Let me lose and you can pick on me if you want!! Hey!!
Let her go you black PISSHEAD!"
  
Jake's face flushed red with fury, he let go of Angelica and stepped angrily
towards Michael, his hand clenched in fists, his eyes spitting fire.

"HOW DARE YOU TO CALL ME THAT YOU PATHETIC LITTLE WORM?!!!"

ï¿½ call you whatever I want." Hissed Michael and his steel blue eyes looked into
the hellish fires that were burning inside Jake, but he felt no fear. His own
anger diminished all the terror that he had known for this man. Jake breathed
heavily through his nostrils, he draw his fist and punched Michael's face with
all the brute power he had in him. Michael heard the sound of his own nose
breaking. Then a second cracking sound as Jake's fists smashed his jaw. Blood
ran out of his nostrils and filled his mouth with the sweet sickening taste of
liquid iron.

"HOW DARE YOU TO SPEAK TO ME LIKE THIS!!! I AM GONNA KILL YOU THIS TIME YOU
WORM!! I'M GONNA KILL YOU!!"

His big gigantic hands were transformed into claws as he grabbed Michael's neck,
he tightened his grip, choking him. Michael twisted in his restrains, his eyes
pulled white as he tried to grasp air trough his occluded air pipe. His lungs
started to burn and blood rushed towards his head, making him feel drowsy. He
could hear his heart beat in his ears. Jake clinched his hands around his neck
like a madman, wringing it in order to force all the life out of him.

"YOU'RE GONNA DIE NOW MOTHER FUCKER!! YOU'RE GONNA DIE AND WHEN YOU'RE DEAD AND
BURRIED I'M GONNA FUCK THAT LITTLE HORNY BITCH OF YOUR'S ON YOUR GRAVE!! YOU
HEAR ME?!! I'M GONNA TAKE HER!! I'M GONNA TAKE HER AND FUCK HER JUST LIKE I'VE
FUCKED YOU!!!"

Michael's eyes flickered alive, his words ignited such fury inside of him that
he screamed like a wild animal and sank his teeth in Jake's hands. Jake cried
out in pain as he tore away the piece of flesh between forefinger and thumb,
revealing a gaping wound, oozing with blood. Jake retracted his hands, giving
Michael time to catch his breath and fill his lungs with much needed oxygen.
Michael spat out the piece of meat that was still lingering in his mouth and
yelled at Jake in blind anger and hatred, while still tasting his blood.

"KEEP YOUR STINKING HANDS OFF HER YOU TWISTED SICK MOTHERFUCKING SHITHEAD!! YOU
STAY AWAY FROM HER, YOU HEAR ME!!!!?"

He looked like a rambling madman, blood dripping from his nose, his lips stained
red, his eyes flashing with anger and piercing into the darkness. Jake was still
tending his bitten hand, folding it against his broad chest while nursing it
with his other. He roared while his dark eyes bulged out in anger and his blood
started to boil. He reached out and picked up a chair that was piled up in the
corner, he raised it above his head and ran towards Michael, ready to smash his
skull.

"YOU'RE GONNA DIE YOU DIRTY LITTLE RAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"




(to be continued)




Chapter 15		Sad Farewell (part 2)



"YOU'RE GONNA DIE YOU DIRTY LITTLE RAT!"

Jake ran towards him, the chair raised high above his head, ready to splinter
his skull. Michael reacted on impulse and tried to cover his vulnerable head
with his arms, but the restrains made his efforts fruitless. His stomach turned
into cold stone as he closed his eyes, waiting for the final blow.

"Leave him alone you sick bastard!"

Angelica jumped on Jake's back out of nowhere, draping her shirt under his chin
and pulling the fabric tight around his neck, forcing him the drop the chair.
Jake's face turned blue. He gasped for air as his assaulter used all her
strength to suffocate him, hanging her full bodyweight on the improvised halter.

"Get off me you bitch! Get off me!"

Jake let go of the chair, his hands seizing his neck. He jerked on his halter,
trying to allow himself to breathe. Angelica screamed in his ears and pulled as
hard as she could while kicking him in his groin. This harsh action caused him
to cry out in pain; he clawed with his hands behind his back, trying to pull her
off. His sore hand captured her left shoulder and pulled hard on it, squeezing
the blood out of her skin. Like a cornered animal, mad with fear, she sank her
teeth on his freshly inflicted wound and clenched them together determined never
to let go. Jake went mad with pain and released her shoulder, he tried to
retract his tormented hand, only to tear off more of his own flesh from it's
trap. His vision started to fade as his brain became in shortage of oxygen, fire
was burning in his lungs. Angelica was beyond herself, she kept sinking her
teeth deeper and deeper into his hand, tasting blood and feeling his fragile
handbones splinter under her teeth. She wanted this man dead. All the moral
brakes that had dominated her life since childhood couldn't stop her from
killing him. The hatred that she felt towards him right now was so strong that
it had poisoned her mind. She tightened the halter around his neck and pushed
both her legs in his back, for a moment she looked like an adventurous climber,
defeating a gigantic black mountain of sweating flesh.  She noticed that Jake
started to lose the fight, his enormous body swung from left to right as if he
was drunk and his efforts to get her off his back weakened. Please, she prayed
to God, please let him die....
Her strain caught up all her attention as she was startled by a cry coming from
Michael's direction.

"Angelica behind you!"

She let go of Jake's hand and turned her head. Her eyes stared straight into
Fly's sweat worn face, she was just in time to see his hand come down, bashing
her temple with his rubber club. She blacked out, her body turned into milk and
she tumbled to the ground. A crimson rose appeared on the floor as blood gushed
out of her struck temple, staining her golden locks.  

"NOOOOOOO! NOOOOOOOOO!  YOU FUCKING BASTARD! I'M GONNA KILL YOU FOR THIS! YOU
HEAR ME?! I'M GONNA KILL YOU FOR THIS I SWEAR!"

Fly looked up at Michael, his deep brown eyes challenging his restrained victim,
teasing him sadistically with the power he had over the girl.

"For what are ya going to kill me white boy? You mean for this?!!"

Fly pulled Angelica's head up by her hair. He pulled her white neck close to him
and licked her flesh from the fine structures of her collarbone to her chin. He
bit on her earlobe and wriggled his tongue inside her left ear while his other
hand reached out to her groin.

"The fucking bitch is unconscious ya shitty little fuck! I can do whatever I
want with her right now and she won't even notice!"

"NO! LEAVE HER ALONE! GET YOUR DIRTY STINKING HANDS OFF HER!"

Suddenly there was a massive explosion of bright hellish pain that made him
grasp for air and quiver in his restrains. It ignited from his lower abdomen and
spread it tentacles over his entire body. Trough his half-closed eyes, he could
see Jake standing there in front of him, his massive black hands pushing
something hard and sharp into his stomach. His face revealed that he was angrier
then ever. The impudence of his victims to dare to strike back at him had made
him lose the last remains of his self-control.

"THAT'S FOR YOU, YOU MOTHER FUCKING WHITE ASS PUNK! AND THIS ONE IS FOR THAT 
NO GOOD COCK SUCKING BITCH OF YOURS!"

Jake planted himself between his victim's legs and slipped his hands under his
buttocks, grabbing them violently. He forced the sharp end of the broken table
leg into his ass, tearing his sphincter and driving splinters of wood into the
soft flesh of his rectum. Michael felt like his bowels were ripped apart, he
screamed like a madman and lifted his buttocks as if it that would soften the
horrific pain that was roaming inside him. Jake fucked him with the sharp table
leg, he raped his ass till the leg was all covered with blood and shit. He
wrenched the piece of wood inside his bleeding hole, stretching the torn
sphincter even further and fully destroying it. This was far too much for his
victim to endure, in shock he emptied his bowels and a stream of red colored
diarrhea run out his enlarged ass hole, soiling himself and Jake in the process.

"You little piece of shit! Look what you've done! Your shit is all over me!
You're gonna clean this shit you hear me?! You're gonna eat it! Eat it!"

 Jake grabbed the bloody and soiled piece of wood and pushed it on Michael's
mouth. Michael clenched his lips and teeth together as he acted on impulse. The
sharp ends of the piece of wood penetrated his lips and tore them open, still
Michael didn't give in. Jake was furious and shouted to Fly for help.

"Break this mother fucker's jaw! Make him suck his meals through a straw!"

Fly drew his club and smashed Michael's face with all his force. Michael
screamed and gurgled as blood flooded into  his mouth and throat. A terrifying
creaking noise and a bitter/sour taste that almost made him vomit told him that
something was terribly wrong with his jaw. As Jake forced open his mouth, the
noise of splintering bones that originated from the cavities of his left ear was
enough to make him scream. Nothing on the whole damn world was as worse as
realizing the destruction of your own body, knowing that something is done to it
that might never heal. The table leg entered his mouth and was pushed deep into
his throat. It scraped against his wretched jaw. Then the wooden piece retreated
violently, only to be pushed deeper into his throat the second time it entered.
More brute actions ripped open his gullet and tore the flesh from the back of
his throat, filling his mouth with the sickening taste of blood, dung and wood.

"AND THIS IS FOR MY HAND YOU LITTLE COCK SUCKER! YOU'RE GONNA REALLY SUFFER THIS
TIME!"

Jake clenched his right hand into a fist and pushed it into Michael's bleeding
rectum. He thrust his arm till up to one third inside him, and than started to
claw his hand trough his intestines, scraping his nails over his bowels. This
virulent act caused Michael's mind to go blank and turned him into nothing more
then a screaming wriggling creature, twisting in his restrains like an embryonic
deformation, dangling on it's mother's placenta. His mind could no longer
comprehend the terrors that he was suffering and blocked out all his other
senses except for his ability to experience pain. Pain, so extreme and
horrifying that it devoured his whole being. He couldn't care about Angelica any
more; he wouldn't stand up against Jake for her in a thousand years. Facing this
kind of physical torture, there were no heroes. All he wanted is this pain, this
terrifying pain to end. Then, finally, his mind surrendered to the shock and his
consciousness slipped. The last remains of his senses switched off and he
drifted into the welcome darkness of oblivion.

****

Dear reader, if you just want to experience the story through Michael's
perspective, stop reading the part that follows now and continue your reading
where you find the next ****. However, if you want to know what motives and
events lead to the sudden change in the storyline (or what kind of excuse I've
made up to change the scenery a bit from the Blackstone asylum to the
monastery), please keep on reading the next part. It probably won't give you a
hard one (although I never know with you guys) but it surely makes the whole
story more believable (Ahum). Cheers Pan.   

"You killed him! You mother fucking killed him man!" Fly eyes were large and
white of fear as his adrenaline intoxicated mind finally came back to reality.
He saw Michael's body hanging weak and lifeless on his restrains, his face pale
and his pupils turned away in the back of his head. Blood dripped down of the
corner of his mouth and nose. Jake's gigantic hand was still inserted in his
ass, the gray mattress where he was lying on was soaked with blood.
Jake blinked his eyes as he dissociated himself from the spell of his anger. He
pulled his hand out of his victim hastily. It was all stained with blood.
Disgusted and somehow poisoned by fear fo the shear notice of having killed a
man, he tried to wipe of the proof of his guilt obsessively over his white
uniform. With a shocked expression on his face, he clumsily got back on his feet
and stared at the motionless body lying in front of him.

"I...I didn't want to kill him.... ...It was an accident...an accident...he
can't be dead..."

"What do mean he's not dead?! Look at him man, he's bleeding everywhere! He is
not breathing! I should have never listened to ya! Now we're gonna rot in jail
for this! They gonna fry us man!"

Jake was losing his nerves, he grabbed Fly by his shoulder and pushed him with
his back against the wall, sweat dripped from his forehead and his dark eyes
pulling white. He rammed Fly heads against the stone bricks as if he tried to
force his words into his stupid little mind.
 
"Shut the fuck up you imbecile! He's not dead! I didn't kill him, you hear me?!
I didn't kill him so just shut the fuck up!"

He stared Fly straight into his face, the little wimp started to cry while
breathing heavily through his mouth. The hysteria that was coiling and turning
inside him like a treacherous snake made it impossible for him to keep his mind
silent. As soon as Jake weakened his grip on his shoulders, his nerves broke and
he started to shout like a rambling madman.

"We're gonna die for this Jake! They're gonna put us on the fucking chair! You
killed him! You mother fucking killed him!"

Just as Jake's own hysteric venom started to poison his thoughts and he reached
out to silence his worthless accomplice, the sound of footsteps on the wooden
stairs startled the two men. As they hastily hid themselves in the dark corners
of the cellar, their heart bumping in their chest and their flee instinct on
sharp, the stranger descending the stairs called out Fly's name, her voice
sounding strangely familiar.

"Fly?! Jake?! I know that you two are here! Stop hiding and show yourself! You
don't have to hide from me, I know what you are up to, I know all about Michael.
I 'm not going to tell anyone about it. I'm here to help."

Fly recognized Belinda's voice instantly, she had been unintentionally informed
since Jake had questioned her after he had found out about the missing tape and
their secret rendezvous in the nurse headquarter. Jake had first suspected that
Belinda had stolen the tape and he had confronted her with it when she was alone
on duty. She had told him to fuck off and had denied everything. Jake in his
anger showed her literally all the four corners of the room before Belinda made
a smart move and suggested to him that maybe Angelica was the thief, since she
and Michael were so close. Angelica knew about their planned ambush to catch
Angelica who would certainly try to free Michael out of the cellar. Fly just
didn't understand what she was doing here. Were the bruises on her arms and
shoulders not enough to warn her for what Jake was capable of? What was she
thinking to enter this cave of lions late at night, as she knew that they were
there to conduct their illegal activities? Didn't she know how dangerous it was?
Fly was concerned about how Jake would react, knowing that he had probably also
recognized her voice by now. The situation as it is was already bad enough, he
certainly didn't need nosey Parkers to complicate things even more. Jake
observed the girl's dark frame as she started to orientate herself in the
darkness. With little high-heeled steps, she walked in the direction of the
barred window. It would just be a matter of time before she discovered
Angelica's unconscious body and Michael's dead corpse. From the corners of his
eyes, Fly saw how Jake walked away silently while hiding himself behind the the
crates and boxes, he was trying to get behind her to catch her by surprise.

"Where are you two?! It's me Belinda! I told you that I was here to help! Just
show yourself, stop hiding you big cowards!"

She took a big step forward as she almost slipped. Looking down she noticed a
dark pool of liquid, almost indistinguishable from the coal stained floor beside
of it's glistering reflection of the window. Curiously, she ran her finger along
the back of her shoe, capturing some drops of it  and rubbing it between her
fingers. The liquid that had spoiled her shoes was sticky and viscous, it had
that familiar sickening sweet smell.... It was blood.  She gazed into the
darkness, something was terribly wrong, better to get out of this place as soon
as possible. She wanted to turn around and walk back to the stairs as she almost
stumbled and fell over Michael's naked body. As she forced her eyes to adopt to
the darkness, she crouched beside him and reached out to his shoulders with a
trembling hand. "Michael? Michael?! Can you hear me?" She toughed his skin and
was shocked since it felt cold as ice. "Oh my God..." She muttered and quickly
retreated her hand. Maybe he's not dead she comforted herself. Maybe he's just
unconscious. Check his pulse and check his heart. Hesitatingly, she grabbed his
wrists and gently pressed her fingers upon the veins. Nothing it seemed. She lay
her head on his chest and tried to listen to his heart. First, she heard
nothing, and her stomach turned into a cold knot. "No, no, no, this can't be
true..." She muttered softly and held in her breath in order to catch any weak
sign of life.

"Please...Please Michael breathe, don't die on me..."

Then, her ear picked up a weak heartbeat, almost inaudible even in this absolute
silence but it was enough to reassure her that he was still alive. She sighed in
relief, At least she didn't had to deal with a dead corpse now in these spooky
surroundings. But her heart wasn't back at it normal pace yet when a strong arm
grabbed her from behind and dragged her by her waist away from him. Belinda
screamed in fear, but a gigantic hand that was pressed against her lips silenced
her cries. Jake pulled her towards him and pressed her body against his blood
stained uniform. He looked her tensely into her frightened eyes and hushed her
to be silent. Belinda nodded hesitatingly, her brave facade no longer there and
replaced by a face showing utter terror.

"What the fuck are you doing here? Did you come to blow the whistle on use, you
nosey bitch?! Hey? Is that what you're here for?"

Belinda shook her head violently. Suddenly it occurred to her that whatever
those two sick fuckers had done to Michael, they would be surely capable of
doing to her. She was in serious trouble. Maniacally she tried to speak in order
to convince him that he had nothing to fear from her. She wanted to plead for
herself, to put herself in safety. But his hand prohibited her to utter as much
as a word.  

"Hmmpfffff, Hmmmmpffff..."

Her large eyes flashed from Michael to Jake and back again, hoping that he would
understand her gesture. Jake tightened his grip around her waist. He hissed in
her ears more out of desperation than out of anger.

"I know that he's dead, but it was an fucking accident! An accident you hear
me!?"

He pushed his arm against her delicate neck, almost suffocating her in the
process, Belinda resisted with all the strength she had in her, she realized
that Jake was in some kind of shock and that he was capable to act very
irrationally at this moment. As far as she knew he could strangle her just to
ease the panic that overcame him. She managed to push his hand covering her
mouth away, for a few moments she had the change to save herself from a sure
death and with that knowledge racing through her mind, she shouted from the top
of her lungs.

"HE'S NOT DEAD! HE HAD A PULSE! LET ME GO AND I'LL SHOW YOU! HE'S NOT DEAD!"

Jake was amazed by her remark. He retracted his hands, allowing her to pull
herself away from him.

"What did you say?!" Jake still couldn't believe what she had told him, he was
so convinced by his hysteric mind that he had killed the guy. Confused he looked
at Belinda's pale face, maybe the bitch was just lying to safe herself.

"I said that he's still alive!" She crawled over to Michael's unconscious body
and bend over his chest. "I heard his heart beating, you didn't kill him Jake!
You didn't!"

Jake rushed over to his victim while pushing Belinda aside. He lowered his head
and placed his ear against Michael's chest, as he held in his breath just like
Belinda did before and picked up the weak beating of his heart, an icy grin
appeared on his face. He turned around and yelled to Fly who was still hiding
himself in the darkness.

"Hey Fly! The motherfucker is not dead! Thank God! He's not dead, we didn't kill
him!"

Fly appeared out of his hiding place, his eyes wide and with the same icy grin
on his face. He was so God damned relieved!

Belinda studied the two men's reaction while her mind worked maniacally to find
a way to get her out of this mess. Although Jake was not in killer mode any
longer, he could still hurt her badly if she made the wrong move. Why did she
have to get herself in this mess anyway? She knew about the dangers, why did she
have to go in on her client's offer and risk her life for a couple of measly
bucks? Silently she cursed her greed and her curiosity. But maybe this could all
still end well for her. She noticed how the first joy of relief that Jake
experienced started to ebb away and was replaced by desperation and doubt. If
she was able to influence him, right now when he's at his most vulnerable, she
might have a change to get what she wanted. Hesitatingly she spoke to him in her
most innocent and concerned voice, hiding her true intentions from him as good
as possible.

"What are you going to do with him Jake? He's severely injured and should be
tended immediately, otherwise we might still lose him. We have to bring him
upstairs so that he can receive medical care."

Jake's face pulled white as he heard this.
"No! We can't bring him to the clinic! If somebody sees him like this.... We
have to take care of him down here in the cellar, just like the last time he was
messed up."

"Jake! I don't know what you did to him last time, but his injuries right now
are way too serious to keep him here. He had lost a lot of blood and he might
have internal bleedings. Keeping him here in this damp and dirty cellar will
certainly cost him his life."

"I don't want anybody to see him like this, comprende?!! If they find out about
this it will cost us our jobs, or worse, we can get arrested for this and I
don't wanna spend the rest of my life in jail."

"Then you should have thought about this before you did all this to him."

Jake clenched his fist, her remark was of extremely bad timing.
"I thought that you were here to help! If you have nothing good to say, just
shut your fucking mouth will you? Or do I have to mess you up as well you boney
bitch?"

Belinda had to swallow her fear, determined as she was to manipulate this
brainless brute to conduct her lucrative plan. Her voice was covered in honey
and sounded sincere as she replied to him.

"Look Jake, I don't mean to condemn your actions, surely this was an accident.
But if you don't want to have to hide a dead corpse you really should consider
an alternative...I know a place where we can bring him to recover. It's outside
the asylum and nobody has to know about what happened here tonight, I swear."

Jake looked at her with a confused expression on his face. What the hell was
this girl talking about? Taking the little shit outside to asylum to recover? To
him, it sounded too ridiculous to even further consider.
Fly however was captivated by the idea. Frankly, right now, he would have
thought that flushing Michael trough the toilet would be a good idea. "What is
your plan Belinda?" He asked, while his eyes worshipped her as his savior.
Belinda was content with the response she was getting from Fly, but then again,
Fly never had been a problem for her.

"Listen, we can use one of the cages used for transporting security dogs to
bring him outside unnoticed. There we can load him into car and drive away from
the asylum. There's a monastery between Blackstone and Highfield, which lies
remote in the woods far away from the road. If we dump him there in the forest,
the monks will surely find him and take care of him. This way, you two will come
off clean since they won't know who have dropped him off in the first place and
Michael will get the good care that his health demands right now."

"What about Stanfield, won't he notice when one of his patients disappears
mysteriously? And won't our little worm here talk about what happened to him as
soon as he recovers? Have you thought about that?" Said Jake mockingly, although
she could sense from the way he looked into her eyes that his attitude towards
her had changed, he was considering her plan, processing it trough hat feeble
mind of his. With her boosted confidence she continued to explain to them.

"Dr Stanfield will be away for about three months coming next Monday. He has
gained a grant from the Freud-foundation and had choosing to spend the money
abroad to participate in a patient's study of a new drug for treating
schizophrenia in a clinic in England. As long as he's gone, Dr Monroe will be in
charge, and you know what kind of detest he has against visiting the wards.
Michael won't be missed at all. And as for your fear that Michael himself will
expose your crimes..."

Belinda turned around and stared at Michael's wretched face, then she returned
her gaze to Jake, her icy brown eyes piercing trough his soul mercilessly.

"I don't think you have to worry about that for a while. Even if he recovers, he
will be having complications that will effect him deeply. He won't even ever be
able regain his ability to speak."

A short silence fell between them as she waited for Jake to reply.

"I...I didn't mean to hurt him like this, I just wanted to teach him a lesson,
that's all...But he got me so mad...I almost killed him."

 To her astonishment, a trace of what seemed remorse appeared upon Jake's
otherwise relentless face. Could it be that this brute has indeed a conscience
hidden somewhere in his sadistic little heart?  She didn't doubt it. And this
display of genuine virtue caused her own to stir, since her own reasons to get
Michael out of here were far from benign. Still, she brushed the guilt she felt
aside and continued to burden her soul with her actions.

"I know you didn't meant to hurt him Jake. It's your temperament. Your blood
boils quickly. It's just the way you are. I promise you that when you approve
with my plan that nobody has to know about this. Michael can slowly recover
under the good care of the monks in the monastery. As soon as his condition is
stabilized, we can bring him back to asylum before Dr Stanfield returns. It will
be the best solution for everybody. Trust me."
 
Jake was breaking up, his tired mind wanted nothing to do with this nightmare
any longer and without further consideration, he approved to carry out Belinda's
plan. He ordered Fly to wheel the transfer cage close to the door of the coal
cellar. While they waited silently for Fly to return, a sound coming from the
direction of the bookcases disturbed his trance. Suddenly, it struck him that he
had all forgotten about his second victim, who was supposed to be knocked
unconscious. He rushed over to the spot where he had heard the stirring, and
found Angelica crawling over the floor, still half in the grip of
unconsciousness, but recovering quickly.

"SHIT!"
Belinda rushed over to see what 's going on, as she saw Angelica, she herself
had to suppress a curse that almost slipped over her lips.

"What is she doing her?"

"Never mind how she got here, what can I do to get rid of her?" Hissed Jake as
he went to gather some ropes. As he started to tie her up, Angelica's fogged
mind cleared and she shouted for help, Jake slapped her face to shut her up but
she just couldn't be silenced, she was hysterical.

"What have you done to Michael? Tell me! Where is he?!! What have you done to
him?!"

 "Shut up you motherfucking bitch or I've to kill you, you get that? Shut the
fuck up!"

But she kept yelling and screaming, even when Jake pushed a piece of cloth in
her mouth Desperate and out of idea's, he draw his fist to hit her again, but
Belinda suddenly grabbed his shoulders and pulled him back. Although it was more
a gesture then a serious attempt to stop him, Jake voluntary withdrew his hand
and let it rest aside his body. He was obviously tired of using his fists to
solve his problems, and gratefully followed Belinda's orders.
"Let me talk to her Jake, I know how to get her more co-operative."

Jake nodded silently, her confidence and her calmness demanded his respect and
made him trust her. He walked away from the two women leaving them alone for a
moment.

Belinda waited till Jake was out of earshot, she looked Angelica in her
frightened eyes and touched her bare shoulders compassionately. Angelica whined
and begged her with her eyes to free her. But instead, Belinda replied with a
faked warm smile.

"Thought you might need some convincing before we can set you free Angelica. I
don't know how you got yourself into this mess, and frankly I don't care, I'm
here for Michael."

With this Belinda had captured Angelica's attention and she tilted her head
slightly as if she wanted to let her know that she was interested in what she
had to tell her. She hoped that Belinda was here to help Michael, she didn't
care about herself, as soon as she knew that Michael was safe, she would finally
find peace in that restless heart of hers.
"I knew you will be interested in what I have to say, although I'm probably
gonna disappoint you. I am NOT here to free him. Au contrary, I want to sell him
to a good client of mine to serve her as a slave."
Angelica's eyes pulled white, the anxiety that crossed her face was enough to
make Belinda clear what she was shouting to her trough her cloth. She smiled her
sensual sadistic little smile and grabbed Angelica's chin between her long
slender fingers.
"Don't you like the idea Angelica? Your lover serving another woman's cunt, far
away from the asylum. Where he can practice his deranged sexual perversities as
a sex slave without to be subdued to any therapy or restrains? It would be like
setting a caged bird of pray free in the field that is roaming with rodents."

If looks could kill, Belinda would certainly not survive Angelica's furiously
piercing eyes. Her head flushed red with anger. Belinda laughed out loud while
throwing her hair back over her shoulders with one elegant movement. She enjoyed
her cruel little game, especially since her victim was Angelica. She had never
liked her. To her, she was the prototype of an always nice-middle class snobbish
bitch, raised in an all white suburb with cuddly Disney family movies and home
made apple pies while playing tennis, riding on her own horse and drinking
mineral water with French names. She probably didn't get her first shag till she
was 25 and her strong almost religious moral believes made her want to puke. She
resented her, detested her and was also jealous of the attention she got from
Michael and Dane. They both seemed to be really in love with her, and love was
something that Belinda was never able to get from her men, who were only driven
to her by lust. But tonight she was going to get her own little revenge. She
will make sure that this frigid bitch will remember and suffer each word she
said.

"Oh, of course you don't like it, I forgot all about your strong moral believes.
I'm sorry to burst your bubble Angelica, but I think we have to face the facts
here. Michael seemed to have some pervert tendency to enjoy physical torture and
humiliation. You did see the tapes right? So what would be wrong to offer his
body to men and women who will pay good money for his service? Can't you picture
how happy he would be, having his asshole ravished by one man after another,
while he's sucking off their dicks? Can't you imagine him, lying stripped and
bare naked, chained to a bed, his only task pleasuring cunt after cunt with his
face buried in a thick bush of pubic hear, licking each of his mistresses to a
climax? Or are you just to frigid to have any sexual fantasies?"

 Angelica screamed trough her cloth. Right now, she would be able to kill this
wicked woman. Her eyes shot daggers at her and adrenaline rushed trough her
veins. She hated her, she hated her for everything she was going to put Michael
trough.

"Guess you really have a lack of imagination. No wonder I always feel sterile
when you're around. But listen to me, listen to me and stop whining if you
really do care about him. If you don't care if he lives or dies you can keep on
screaming like that."

Angelica became silent, a deeply concerned expression crossed her face and her
delicate brows were drawn together in a frown. She didn't want to give Belinda
any excuse of hurting her lover.

"Good girl, now let me explain the situation to you. Michael is severely injured
and should be given medical care immediately..."

She paused to observe in delight the panic response in her victim, she enjoyed
every minute of it! Maybe she could just say a little more to add to the sweet
flavor of her triumph.

"I know that I shouldn't do this while you in such a fragile state. But I'm
curious. Tell me, is it your fault that the poor man is beaten near death by
Jake? Are you to blame for all his suffering?"

Angelica's eyes welted with tears, guilt washed over her body and stabbed her
sorrow filled heart. Belinda had hit bulls eye with her remark. To her, it was
all her fault. Why wasn't she more careful? Why was she so stupid to go risk
their lives by trying to rescue him by her own? Now her lover was floating near
the brim of death because of her, how could she ever claim that she loved him if
all she does was pushing his life further into destruction? 

"Don't start sobbing on me Angelica. You know how sensitive I am for these
things." Belinda faked a concerned smile and stroke her shoulders gently as if
she tried to reassure her. Angelica was desperate, but not this kind of
desperate that she could not see through her treacherous pretence. She pulled
her shoulder from under her hands and fixed her watery eyes hatefully on her.
She was not that easily fooled.
"Hey, I just wanted to comfort you, that's all. No need to be such a bitch."

Sensing that her little tricks didn't work on Angelica, she changed her tactics.

"Let me be frank with you, the reason why we are having this little chit-chat is
that I want you to promise us to keep this our secret. We will let you go,
you'll pretend that nothing has happened and you keep on doing your job in the
institute. We don't want you to warn the authorities and we certainly don't want
you to call the police. If you co-operate with us, I promise you that we will
take good care of your Michael and bring him back to the asylum safe and sound
within a couple of months. However, if you ever decide to blow the whistle on
us, you'll be sure to receive your lover back in little pieces. I mean, you know
Jake, he's capable of anything with his kind temperament."

Angelica couldn't believe her ears, this woman was blackmailing her with
Michael's life! She wouldn't, no she couldn't give in to that!

"I know that your good morals have convinced you that you have to do the right
thing, which would be in this case calling for help and getting us arrested. But
be honest. Would you be able to live with yourself if your conscience carries
the heavy burden of his death? Be a smart girl Angelica, chose wisely!"

Angelica felt silent while Belinda's words lingered in her mind. She knew that
what she had told her was true. She cared too much for this man to risk his life
for her own principles. She looked up at the vixen, and nodded reluctantly to
make clear to her that she agreed with her proposal. A wicked smile appeared on
Belinda's lips. She had her exactly where she wanted her.

"Good, so we have an agreement then, don't we? Now, I need you to be silent for
me Angelica. We're going to take care of Michael. Then I will convince the
others to let you go. But..."

Belinda crouched beside her victim and stared her straight into her face, her
eyes were as cold as ice.

"If you what so ever stir or make a sound, we will cut off a random part of his
body and show it to you before we feed it to the dogs, do you get that?"

Angelica clenched her lips tightly together, making sure that no sound escaped
out of her mouth and nodded eagerly.

"Clever girl! You know it's not personal. I do like Michael a bit and I would
prefer to get him out of here in one piece. But I have to get some proof of your
goodwill if I ever want to succeed in convincing the other two guys to let you
go. Consider it as an informal safety measure."

****

As Michael woke up, the strange feeling of mobility struck him. His body was
carried by an invisible force trough the darkness while his legs felt numb and
inactive. But it was OK tough, it was fine. He was too weak to care about what
was happening to him, better to let himself slide away into oblivion. But as he
stirred in his semi-conscious state, bright hellish pain flashed trough his
body. He screamed only to feel another sting, this time exploding from the upper
part of his jaw, stabbing in his nerves. Tears welted in his eyes as he tried to
keep himself as motionless as possible, his confused mind yelling to him to lay
still since every movement he made would cause utter agony. So he kept himself
motionless, while he left his mouth hang open, drooling like a dog with rabies.
Where am I? Where are they carrying me to? His troubled mind could not give any
answers. He could only recall the horrifying scene of Angelica, lying on the
cellar floor, her golden locks stained with blood, her body pale and lifeless.
Sorrow and guilt washed over his body. What had happened to her? Was she still
alive? She had risked her life to save him. He could only blame himself for
dragging her into this misery. He closed his eyes in shame as he remembered how
he had stopped caring about her. Just for a moment when Jake was torturing him
mercilessly, he had her banished from his mind and even had wished to put her
trough all the suffering instead of himself. He had betrayed her, and this made
him in his mind nothing better then the animals that were crafting his doom. He
could never look her straight into her face again. There was no change of seeing
her ever again anyway, he thought sadly. They will never let him go. At least
not alive.
Silently, he prayed to God that they'd give him a clean and instant death, a
gunshot at the back of the head or one swift brutal movement that breaks his
neck.

 A bright light appeared and blinded him for a moment, As he blinked with his
eyes, he could distinguish the dark frame of rough gauze, showing the outside
world to him in a strange checkered pattern. He glanced trough the little wired
hole; gray doors moved by succeeded by what seemed miles of green walls. He was
carried through a hallway. Eager to find out more, he crawl his pain struck body
closer to hole and clawed his fingers on the wires for support. As he pulled
himself up and brought his face close the wires, a loud banging coming from all
around him startled him. Frightened and at the end of his nerves, Michael let go
of his support and crawled back into a dark corner of his strange prison,
pressing his hands against his ears to block out the threatening noise and
making his presence as small as possible.

"Damn, that mother fucker is awake. I saw his fingers sticking through the
wires. We better hurry up before he make us look suspicious."       

 Fly nodded eagerly and speeded up his pace while pushing the wooden transfer
cage in front of him. The cage was ideal to get Michael outside without somebody
noticing him. It was all sealed, except for one small breathing hole at the
front. The staff used the cage often to transfer the restless guard dogs from
one part of the asylum to the other. If they could keep Michael silent while
they were wheeling him out, nobody will question the contents of the cage. Of
course for this plan to succeed there shouldn't be human body parts sticking out
of the hole, but slamming on the wooden roof of the cage seemed to have scared
the little wimp and Jake sighed of relief as they reached the backdoor of the
asylum without too much trouble. Fly opened the door and wheeled the cage into
the alley while carefully observing their surroundings. It seemed that the coast
was safe. Swiftly, they opened the wooden lid from Michael's prison and grabbed
him by his arms. Michael first shocked by their sudden assault, whimpered as
they dragged him hastily out of the box and into the trunk of a car. The
carelessness with which they performed their action made him suffer and caused
his rectum to bleed. As they pushed his legs tightly together to fit him into
the trunk, a pitiful animal like howl escaped lips.

"Shut the fuck up you pathetic white trash shit. I don't want to hear any sounds
coming from you, understood?"

Michael nodded silently. His mind raced. They gonna kill me. He thought while a
wave of panic hit him. They gonna drive away from the asylum, find some quiet
place to torture him to death and then they gonna drop his corpse in a river or
bury it in the woods. Suddenly, the prospect of dying was not that attractive to
him anymore. He started to make yelping noises like a frightened dog and begged
with his eyes to his tormentors to spare his life. But Jake was merely irritated
by his behavior and rammed a piece of cloth into his mouth to silence him,
causing him to squirm of pain.

"Told you to shut up you demented slut!"          

A second bulk was forced into his asshole to stop him bleeding. Then the trunk
was closed and locked, leaving him in total darkness.




Chapter 16	Hidden sanctuary


They drove in the pitch black night for what seemed hours while they kept him in
the trunk at the back of the car, naked and wounded. The car was speeding, every
time they made a turn, G-forces will throw Michael's tormented body against the
side, hurting him severely. He was getting scratch wounds all over his body from
the pointy innards of the trunk. Still they kept driving. The oxygen level in
the air was getting low while CO2 clouded his head, making him sleepy. Michael
knew that if he dozed off he would never wake up again, so he kept fighting the
drowsy fog that was clogging his consciousness, but as the trip took longer and
longer it became harder for him to keep himself awake. Eventually he closed his
eyes and let himself slip away. If Fly and Jake hadn't reached their destination
within minutes afterwards and had opened the trunk, he had certainly passed over
to the other side.

"Hey! Wake up white boy! Don't fucking die on me now! I don't want to have to
bury your sorry white ass."

Michael opened his eyes, Jake and Fly had dragged him out of the car. He was
lying in the mud on the side of the road with both his arms locked in the grip
of the two black men. Their dark hostile faces were hovering above him like
gigantic insects.

"That's a good boy! Now get the fuck up and start walking, we don't have all
night to spend on you."

They hauled him to his feet. Clumsily and shakily he took a step, but the pain
resulting from this action reminded him urgently that his body was too damaged
to perform the task; bending his knees was like sticking needles into it and
using his buttock muscles ruptured his arse. He could feel a stream of warm
blood run down his shivering legs. He whimpered, begging them not to let him
walk anymore.

"What's the matter with you bitch, I told you to walk! Now start walking!"

Jake grabbed his protruding genitals and squeezed them till they turned purple.
Michael cried tears of pain and humiliation, he dropped on his knees and covered
his sex with his hands, trying to protect it. But Fly grabbed his wrist
violently and twisted his arm in a 90 degree angle, causing poor Michael utter
agony. He gave up and let Jake's hand grab hold of his wrinkled balls and penis.
Jake jerked on them painfully, forcing him to get on his feet. Then he dragged
him by his genitals, stumbling and crawling, into the dark forest.

The spot where they have been told by Belinda to bring Michael to was only half
mile away from the road. They had to walk in north/eastern direction for 15 min,
then they would find an old gravestone in the middle of the woods. That was the
place where they had to leave him behind. It took the three men longer to get
there since Jake and Fly constantly had to hit, kick and force Michael to walk
any further. As they finally reached their destination, their victim collapsed
on the damp forest floor and huddled up like a frightened animal, an image that
was intensified by the fact that he couldn't speak and had to whimper in order
to beg for mercy. Michael watched with hollow eyes how Fly flung a piece of rope
over a thick branch and secured one end of it to the stump. Jake walked over to
him, visibly disgusted by the faul and shameless creature he had made him
become. He grabbed his wrists brutally and started to tie them together with the
rope, then he tied up his ankles with another piece of string. He checked if
everything was secured, then he gestured to Fly to string up their victim. A
flash of pain shot through Michael's shoulder blades as the two men raised his
feet high above the ground, making him support his entire bodyweight on his
wrists. He groaned and panted while he blinked his eyes and stared into the far
distance, trying to distract his mind from the burning pain. Never in his entire
life had he thought that it would end like this. He had always hoped that he
would die from old age in his own house, comforted by his future wife and
children. He had feared to die from lungcancer since he used to smoke more then
20 cigarettes a day. But this...this was an utter nightmare. He shivered while
cold mist started to collect over his body. The bundle of cloth stuck in his ass
was soaked with blood and dripped between his legs. He started to cry as Jake
ran his callous fingers across his ass cheeks, almost as tender as a lover. He
didn't want him to touch him. If he had to die at least let him die without the
humiliation of being used by this sadistic man. But it was as if fate kept
playing tricks on him. The sight of his victim hanging there so helplessly was
sending shivers down the spine of his ruthless tormentor. He reached out with
his hand grabbing Michael's genitals and started rubbing his cock. Michael
protested and screamed as he felt two fingers protruding his ass, running across
the new enlarged boundaries. Jake pushed his sweaty face against his groin and
licked the inner parts of his thighs with his rough tongue. Michael shivered all
over his body, he couldn't help it, but the sudden attention around his manhood
after so much suffering caused him to become excited. Jake squeezed his balls
gently while he kept licking him from below. Then, he started to fuck him in his
ass with three, four fingers, which was nothing compared to what Michael had
gone through this evening and the screaming that was accompanied by the first
intrusion was soon replaced by soft groans. Michael was losing his mind, he felt
pleasure and pain wash over his body in successive waves, faster and faster,
till his senses could no longer separate them from each other. He started to
moan as Jake fumbled his dick, squeezing it rhythmically as if he was milking a
cow. His lid got hard and stiff and fluid started to spurt out of it. Jake
observed his victim's state of excitement and grinned maliciously.

"You like this don't you little whore? You like this! Shall I let you come in my
mouth? Hey? Would you like that sissyboy? Tell me, moan for me if you would like
that!"

It was as if he had stepped out of his own body and he was watching somebody
else from a distance, someone low and stupid, someone so weak that it allowed
that black monster to take advantage of his body over and over again. He watched
as the madman opened his wretched mouth and started to moan as horny as a bitch
in heat. It was a deep and primitive sound that could only be produced by a
mindless animal. To that pitiful creature nothing mattered any longer, nothing
made sense anyway. It would just do as it was told since it's own free will was
long since beating into submission. From a far corner of his consciousness, he
could hear the black monster speak to the deranged creature.

"Thought you would like it. Now come to Daddy little sissy boy."

The restrained loon gasped for air in shear pleasure once his erect penis
disappeared into the dark maul of the monster. The black beast was suckling on
it, he sucked the last traces of sanity that was left out of the wriggling
creature. Michael could see how the lunatic reacted. Shamelessly, it rolled it
half-closed eyes back, and stirred by the ecstatic sensations that the monster's
slippery innards caused on his genitals. Although the creature was speechless,
he knew the words that it wanted yell if it had a tongue. It would beg his dark
master for more. More humiliation, more pain, more depraved pleasure to satisfy
its lust. Michael could no longer stand the sight of this despicable creature,
it's actions made him sick. He wanted to run away from this twisted scene and
banish the memory of it to the farthest corners of his consciousness. Instead,
he felt himself pulled towards the disgusting animal, he draw closed and closer
to it while his mind screamed and his non-existing body resisted to be united
with this faul creature, a creature too low to be called a man any longer.

Jake was fully devoted to his task, he enjoyed watching the white boy twist his
body and throw his head back in his neck in perverted pleasure. This was so much
more reassuring to him then the whimpering little pile of misery that he had to
deal with before. He hated it when men behaved like that, they would seem so
fragile and vulnerable. If he hit them like that it felt like hitting a child.
It made him feel guilty, it made him feel bad about himself. But if he could
make them indulge into sexual pleasures with his sadistic little games, if he
could make them scream in terror and moan hungry for his assaults, it would make
him feel better. It would be as if they were provoking him to do these things to
them, that no blame could be laid on his shoulders. If he raped the little
perverted bastards while they were horny like monkeys in heat, he would only be
giving them what they deserved. Steadily, he worked Michael to the point of
climax, he took the white boy's lid in his mouth one more time, ready to pull it
out as soon as the first drop of cum spurted it's way out. He wouldn't let the
little bastard come of course, but he would really enjoy fucking his horny ass
afterwards while the demented slut is desperate to come. He wanted him to beg.
Beg like a mindless slut to get raped by him. That will teach the little worm to
respect him. That will show him his place.

He was surprised to find a warm liquid, too watery to be cum, flooding into his
mouth before he even had time to pull himself away from Michael's groin. He let
the taste of the strange liquid roll over his tongue and swallowed a few drops
before his nostrils recognized the smell of it. Disgusted, he started spitting
and coughing. His lips were clenched tightly together as he pulled himself away
from the urinating penis. The stream hit his face and for a while his dark skin
was covered in yellow urine dripping from the tip of his chin down to the
borders of his shirt. Jake looked up at his so-called victim. He was wearing a
painful grin on his face and chuckled childishly. The little demented fuck had
done this on purpose. He had done this to humiliate him.

Jake's eyes shot daggers while the veins in his neck started to show and his
dark face was pulled together in a terrifying mask. He was a volcano on the brim
of an eruption.

 "YOU DEMENTED SLUT!!!!!!!!!!!!"

He grabbed Fly's belt and pulled out the rubber club. With all his brute power,
he smashed it against Michael's shinbones.

"YOU LIKE TO PLAY ROUGH? I WILL PLAY ROUGH WITH YOU!!! YOU SICK LITTLE
BASTARD!!!"

Fly was horrified as he observed how Jake lost his temper and attacked his
victim with the virulence of a raging bull, clenching his fist around the club
so tightly that his white knuckles showed. Each bash on the flesh caused the
white boy's body to fling backwards against the tree like a human boxing-bag,
while his legs were turned into pulp. The worst were the terrifying cries that
came from him, barely human, loud and sharp as the death cries of a wounded
deer. Fly's nervous mind urged him to stop this human turned predator, if he
didn't do anything to stop him, he would surely kill the guy. But his fear for
turning Jake's rage against himself withdrew him from any actions. Silently he
stood there, clenching his fist tensely and blocking his ears from hearing the
pitiful cries of their prisoner. Shit, what if he really kills the guy? Jake is
a fucking idiot, he thinks with his dick while the rest of him is controlled by
his temper. He could get them in serious troubles with this. He didn't want to
go to jail just because mister caveman here was peed on by the little worm. He
had to do something to stop him. Stop it now for fuck's sake...

"Stop it Jake! Stop It! You're killing the little shit! You're killing him!"

But Jake was so absorbed by his rage, he couldn't or didn't want to hear him at
all. He kept smashing his club on Michael's legs. He wanted to make him suffer,
he wanted to torture him till he was ready to rot in hell. He wanted him dead.

Finally Fly's nerves broke down, he flung himself in front of Michael, catching
a brutal hit on his chest from the club. He bend forward as the air was smashed
out of his lungs. The pain surprised him since it was so enormous, it burnt
inside his body and numbed his senses. He sank trough his knees while he held
his hands over his chest and collapsed on the forest floor. How could that
little wimp suffer more then one blow of this and still dare to challenge Jake?
Was he out of his mind? This was more than a man could bear, this was enough to
break a grown man down to a whining child. Still trying to catch his breath he
screamed to Jake, who stood there motionless with the club in his hand like a
comic version of a Victorian picture. If he ever wanted to get the message
through his thick skull, this was the time to do so.

"Jake!....Stop this shit man!..... You're killing him!...... You'll get us into
big troubles with this little piece of shit! Pull yourself together! Stop it!
Stop it now!"

 "HE FUCKING PEED ON ME THE SICK SON OF A BITCH!"

"Just leave him alone for fuck's sake.......You've already beaten the shit out
of him. He's more dead then alive! Look at him man! Look at him!"

Jake stared at his victim, he blinked his eyes as if he saw the damage he had
done to the poor man for the first time. Michael's legs were bloodened, swollen
and red. His left shinbone was turned in a weird angle with a frightening bump
sticking through the other side. Veins near the surface of the skin were busted
by the brute assaults. The bandages that had nursed his knees were minced into
the flesh and Jake could clearly distinguish a splintered piece of white bone
sticking through the redness. It was only for the fact that Michael had been
raised too high above to ground for him to brutalize his chest, stomach and head
or he would have surely killed him with the severity of his attack. Jake was
surprised to find his victim to be still conscious, a merciless act of fate,
since the pain must be unbearable by now. Still, this horrifying image didn't
bring up any emotions of compassion in him, he observed the suffering of his
victim as a man watching the news who had just learned about a disaster that had
killed hundreds of people in a colony on mars. It didn't toughed his soul, it
didn't even reached it's front door. But he realized that he couldn't keep
beating the little wimp up. Fly was right, he was more dead then alive already,
it wouldn't take much more to send him six foot under. Still, he wanted to teach
this piece white ass shit a lesson. If he couldn't hurt him physically, he had
to find another way. What was it that his old man used to say? Teach those silly
white boys a lesson when they're disrespectful, calling you nigger and stuff.
Hit them where it hurts the most. Hit them in their weakest spots. And suddenly
it occurred to him. He knew how he could make Michael suffer more then of any of
his physical abuses. He took a deep breath to calm his nerves and looked back at
Fly, giving him a reassuring wink to let him know that he had himself in control
again.

"We're gonna leave you here white boy! I'm not gonna kill you myself. I can let
the sun and the bugs do the job for me."

His voice was deceivingly calm. Almost comforting as if he as talking to a
difficult child that was receiving a mild punishment. He spat on the ground and
rubbed the phlegm into the black soil.

"I know that it's cold now white boy, but it's soon gonna change when the first
sunrays arrives. It's the middle of June you know. If you're lucky, you'll
survive a couple of rainy days but sooner or later the heat kicks in. Our state
is famous for the hot summers you know. Weeks without a single drop of rain."

He paused before he continued and grabbed both Michael's dangling legs, he ran
his fingers over the damaged flesh tenderly, while being careful not to press on
the bruises.

"The sun will burn that white skin of yours into a crispy brown, maybe you'll
get as black as we brothers are. And I bet the bugs will love you. I bet they're
gonna nest in your ass cause it's dark and moist in there. They will crawl
inside your guts and eat you from inside out. You ever watched those
documentaries on Discovery channel? Those damn bugs that lay eggs inside an
animal, and then the maggots get out and eat them self fat while the dumb beast
is still alive? You'll get so much of those bugs inside you that they will come
out of your eyes! And I bet the birds will come. They'll come for the eyes
first. They always come for the eyes first cause it's nice and soft to eat.
Then, when the maggots have eating their way trough your rotten belly, they come
back and rip out your guts. God I would really enjoy watching that..."

He closed his eyes as if he was treasuring the image, his deranged mind running
amok with his sick fantasies. He knew from the yelping sounds coming from his
victim that he was scared, but scared was not enough for him. He wanted him to
be desperate. He wanted to hurt him in his most vulnerable spot. A lie was all
it took to achieve that goal.

"Just as I enjoyed watching that little bitch of yours dying."

Michael startled, the fear that the Jake's words had placed in his heart was
overwhelmed by a wave of emotions; guilt, despair, panic, denial. Most of all
denial. This must be a lie. She couldn't be dead. He must be lying to him.
Michael stared down into the face of his tormentor, something that he had avoid
to do since they had brought him into the woods and had string him up. His eyes
were searching for any sign on that relentless face that could betray his owner
and give away that he was lying. But Jake stared back at him, his face concealed
behind a mask of deceptive sincerity. His lips pulled back over his teeth in a
sadistic grin.

"She's dead white boy! That skinny little bitch was too fragile, couldn't even
stand one blow on the head. But you shouldn't blame Fly for that. If it wasn't
for you, she didn't had to go down the cellar to look for you anyway."

Michael closed his eyes, the words lingered in his mind like a bad record stuck
on a needle. He felt sick, the world turned before his eyes, while his
disbelieve made place for acceptation for this cruel lie.

"You killed her white boy! She didn't have to die if she didn't cared about your
worthless ass."

Pain washed over his body. The image of her tumbling to the floor, her blood
stained hair, her closed eyes and parted lips. She was gone, the sick fuckers
had killed her. And in a way it was indeed his fault, he was responsible for her
death. Guilt and remorse, both more powerful in it's destructive ability then
any physical torture crawled inside his mind. Images, moments, memories of her
flashed before his eyes. Her smile, her lips, her kisses, her warmth, her scent,
her sweet and tender voice. Tears started to welt, a scream burnt inside him and
erupted as he cried out loud over the top of his lungs. He cried till he lost
his mind. He cried till he forgot all about the reason why.

"It's your fault white boy, remember that. She wouldn't have died if it wasn't
for you!"

Jake was content with himself. This was even better then beating the little shit
to death. More then the threats of his approaching and painful death, these
words will be eating him for the rest of his miserable life. He had hit him
where he was most vulnerable, he had hit him right in his heart.

****

The woods were silent except for the singing of birds. The trees were concealed
under a dark blue veil, the colors of an approaching dawn. Cold morning dew that
had collected on his bare skin formed little rivers that streamed down his
shivering body. His mind was slumbering, perhaps keeping him lingering on the
borderline of awareness on purpose in order to protect him from the truth that
had send him into this darkness in the first place. What was that truth? He
tried to recollect his memories. There was something he knew, a knowledge that
will cut through his heart with a blunted knife if he dug it up from the dark
pits of his mind, but was also too important to him to forget. Did he have the
courage to unravel this truth, to learn it for a second time? He moaned softly
and moved his hands, only to find them tied together and stretched above his
head. He was hovering high above the ground. For a short moment, he thought that
he was outside his body again, but the sharp pain cutting through his shoulder
blades as he moved convinced him otherwise. Shreds of memories started to flood
into his mind that was no longer protected by the thick mist of sleep.

They had left him.

They had taken him away from the asylum and had left him in the woods to die.
And they had killed Angelica. They had killed her. Sorrow filled his heart,
making it feel empty and cold. That's what his mind was trying to protect him
from. From the knowledge that she was gone forever. Salt tears started to stream
down his face. She died for him. They killed her cause she cared about him. The
agonizing feeling of guilt jumped out of the chaotic pool of emotions like a
psychotic jack-in-the-box. He had caused her death. Shivering from emotional
shock, he started to sob silently.

The sun appeared above the trees. It filled the pinewood forest with warm
colorful rays of light. The orchestra of birds died away and was replaced by the
humming of insects, announced the beginning of a beautiful summer day. Michael
blinked his eyes, It occurred to him that this was the place where he was going
to spent the last moments of his life. A Sudden ease fell over him. Slowly, he
looked up and took a deep breath to fill his nostrils with the smell of pine. He
resigned with his fate, with the prospect of dying here. The woods were
beautiful, so quiet and peaceful. It was also in some way comforting familiar.
It reminded him of the forests back in Maine where he grew up as a child. And
maybe, if there is still a God out there after all he went through, he would
meet her at the other side. He would then finally be able to shrug off that
terrible feeling of guilt and loneliness that was eating away his soul. But how
many days would it take? How much more does he have to suffer before he was
allowed to find his eternal rest? He remembered Jake's words, about how he would
die of thirst. How his body would be eaten away by birds and bugs. A sarcastic
grin appeared on his face. It wouldn't take more then three or four days of
drought to kill him, but he wouldn't give a rat's ass about what happened to his
corpse afterwards. A mental picture appeared before his eyes, where he saw his
rotten corpse dangling from the tree that supported him, while squirrels were
nesting inside his ass. He giggled childishly, he just could picture those
little rats, picking up nuts from the forest floor and storing it inside
asshole. Stupid and idiotic, but then again, his life so far seemed to be one
sick joke. At least they had the decency to give me a headstone, he thought as
he observed the moss covered gravestone that stood a couple of feet away from
him. Although it would have been nicer if they had also buried me underneath it
instead of letting me dangle six feet above. Another giggle escaped his lips, He
couldn't help it. The sudden awareness of the absurdity of his fate had struck a
strange inner chord. He tried to press his lips together to withhold himself
from bursting into laughter like naughty school boy trying to keep in his
chuckling while pulling a prank on the teacher. I'm losing my mind, he thought,
I will die as a giggling senile bastard strapped to a tree while pissing all
over myself. And with that mental image popping up in his head, he couldn't hold
himself in any longer. He burst into mad kind of laughter, loud enough to
startle the birds hidden in the trees and made them flee in flocks.

On the other side of the woods, Nero was leading the pack across a small stream
when he was the first to pick up the scent. The tall Doberman pointed his wet
nose high into the air. He recognized it. It was the scent that they had been
searching for. He had lead the group wandering around in the woods all morning,
trying to pick up traces of the right odor. The pack had been restless,
especially the young Beagle with the dark spot over his right eye. When he and
the rest of the group was searching the damp forest floor for fresh tracks, the
young brat ran off to chase a stupid chipmunk. He had to bark and bite to force
him back into the group. He couldn't understand why their Lady was ever so
careless to include the brainless thug into the group. Still irritated by the
events of the morning, he snarled at the young male, showing his teeth while he
raised his tail high above the ground. Better let him know that he didn't want
him to mess things up now that he had finally found a trail. The rest of the
dogs were also alert by know, driven mad of craving by the rich sweet musky
smell that their Lady had trained them to recognize. It also made them nervous
since a second scent, equally strong as the first, was mixed into it and was
coming from the same direction. It was the smell of blood; human blood and it
awakened their predator's instincts. Nero knew that his pack was anxious to go.
All they were waiting for was a signal from their leader. He groaned and turned
around while wagging his tail. Suddenly, he took off, tailed by the whole pack
of hounds behind him. They vanished into the thick foliage of the forest.

Michael couldn't remember when he stopped laughing, he couldn't remember when
the sadness and cruelty of his life stopped amusing his sarcasm. He just found
himself silent for a moment when he heard rustling down in the bushes. First he
thought that it was a deer or a rabbit, but then he heard the barking of dogs.
Large dogs. His heart skipped a beat as he realized that they were roaming into
his direction. Michael had never been afraid of dogs. When he was a young boy,
his parents had given him a puppy for his ninth birthday. He had named him
Snowball, since his fur was as white as snow. The little fellow kept his company
and was his best friend till he died of old age eight years later. Since then he
had never kept another pet for the reason that he didn't want to get attached to
an animal that could only be with him for such a short time. He was heartbroken
when Snowball died, and he didn't want to go through that ever again. However,
the dogs that where approaching now, were by no means evoking any sentimental
feelings in him. The fact that he was dangling helplessly from a tree while his
body was stained with the smell of blood made him aware of how dangerous the
presence of a pack of hungry stray-dogs could be. With a shaking voice, he tried
to scare them away by screaming, but the dogs seemed not to be intimidated by
him at all. Au contrary, it even made them ran faster into his direction. From
the corner of his eyes, Michael could see a dark snout sticking trough the
ferns. Then, a fierce looking animal appeared, his black coat shiny with
collected dew. His ears were pulled flat against his neck and his back was
hunched as it first set eyes on him. Immediately it started barking loudly while
threatening its victim with mock attacks. Michael was getting scared. That dog
was huge and he knew from its body language that it was not afraid of him. It
was aggressive and excited, as if it was a wolf hunting down its prey. More dogs
emerged from the thick foliage of ferns. There were five of them, two Beagels
and three Dobermans. Only the first one had a collar round his neck. A spark of
hope lit up in his dark despair. He realized that the dogs were not hungry
stray-dogs roaming the countryside, but runaway pets owned by somebody cause
their fur was well kept and they didn't show any sign of mall-nourishment. There
was a chance that he could be rescued if the owner of these dogs was still
looking for them. That was, at least, if the dogs didn't dig their sharp teeth
into him before he was found.

The big dark Doberman that had emerged first out of the bushes was circling
around him while the other dogs were barking madly. Suddenly, it jumped up and
snapped at his legs. He reacted just in time and the dog missed. Furiously, the
animal pulled back his upper lip and showed its teeth while growling at him.
Then, as if given an invisible sign by their leader, all the other dogs flew at
his legs from what seemed like every direction. Michael cried out in fear as he
was forced to pull his legs up against his buttocks to keep them safe from those
snapping jaws. It amazed him that the even the Beagles were capable of jumping
so high. The little bastards took off from the ground like miniature rockets and
he could feel their hot breath on his the back of his feet. Their vicious attack
lasted for a long time, tiring out poor Michael who was getting exhausted from
keeping his legs pulled up. His muscles became soar and the bending of his knees
was extremely painful since it ruptured his old wounds. Sooner or later he would
have to let his legs down again, risking them being torn from his body by the
mad drooling beasts.

After hours of fear and exhaustion, Michael couldn't hold his tense position
much longer. He lowered his legs shakily in order to allow some of his muscles
to rest. One Doberman snapped at his feet and missed, leaving a splash of warm
slaver behind. He screamed as another attacker missed his heel by an inch and
pulled up his feet up again on impulse. Michael had hoped that the dogs would
eventually get tired and stop their assaults, allowing him time to regain some
of his strength. But to his amazement, the animals seemed to have considered
that possibility, and took turns in snapping at his legs while the tired ones
rest in the shadow under the trees. When the day finally drew to an end and
darkness fell, Michael could only hope that they would at least leave him alone
for the night. He was absolutely terrified since he could not see them in the
darkness except for their sinister predatory eyes reflecting the moonlight. But
the ruthless beast kept circling beneath him, threatening, barking and biting.
Michael was very tired, his leg muscles were spasming and tears of frustration
were running down his sweat worn face. Why wouldn't they just leave him alone?
Why on earth did he deserve this horrible death? He closed his eyes while he
considered lowering one of his legs, sacrificing a limp in order to get the rest
his body was craving for. The idea was ridiculous but he was on his last feet,
he couldn't hold on much longer. His fatigue was winning from his fear. He let
go of his legs, relaxing every burning muscle in his body, and for a moment his
limps were dangling in the air, free for the dogs to snap at. A sharp sting cut
trough him as the first of the dark creatures with bright reflecting eyes took
hold of his right leg. With a monstrous strength, it pulled on it, almost
removing the leg from its base. Michael arched his back in agony and swung his
legs back to get the animal off him. The creature was flung against the trunk of
the tree. It let go of him and yelped as it hit the ground. Michael was still
trying to deal with the pain of the first assault, when a second set of teeth
penetrated his bleeding leg. Then a third creature grab hold on his foot, and
made him howl as it crushed his footbones while ripping off his toes. Frightened
out his mind, Michael tried to pull up his legs again, but it was already too
late. The dogs turned wolfs wouldn't let their prey go. More sharp teeth dug
into his flesh, intensifying his pain till it cut trough his whole body. His mad
cries for help ripped trough the silence of the night, while the terrifying
barking and growling of the animals were ringing in his ears and fed his fear.
He felt how rips of flesh were torn away from his limps, how his bones
splintered between their jaws and how his blood flooded out of his body. They
were tearing him apart while he was still alive.

A gunshot exploded. The animals startled as from the shadows of the woods three
dark figures emerged. Three man, dressed in monk's habits, their faces covered
with shadows cast by the cowls they were wearing. The dogs were frightened and
jumped back, folding their tails between their legs and yelping anxiously. They
knew what was coming now, they experienced this dozen of times since they were
trained to locate and hunt down prey that they found on their Lady's territory.
But still, this part of the hunt was frustrating for them, having to leave their
price to these men. Nero, still excited by the smell of Michael's blood in his
nose, tried to scare off the men by showing his teeth, but one of them carrying
the firestick raised his feet and kicked Nero on his snout.

"Back off dumb beast, get away from him."

The Doberman yelped and ran away. He knew that the men were not afraid of him
like the man who was dangling from the tree. He couldn't smell their fear.
Frustrated, he joined his pack and sat down under a bush while carefully
watching the strange men doing their duty for their Lady.

Michael felt a pair of hands touching his cold skin, grabbing hold of his waist.
He writhed and uttered muffled sounds of distress. His pain intoxicated mind
begged the invisible hands to leave him be. He knew that he would die if the
strangers would leave him here for the dogs to feast on, but he was scared. But
then a warm blanket was wrapped around his shivering body, and a tender voice
spoke to him.

"Ssst, don't be afraid now, everything's alright. You're safe with us."

Michael choked on his tears, the hands raised his body from his restrains to
relief his bleeding wrists and cut him lose. He fell weak and half-unconscious
in the arms of his saviors. They brought him on the back of a carriage and laid
his broken body on a soft pile of hay. Michael was still crying, he panted while
he kept uttering pitiful sounds. One of the monks sat beside him and tugged him
in with another blanket. Michael could see a friendly smile appear on the old
man's face when he came close and touched his cold forehead to comfort him.

"You're safe now lad, don't worry. We will take good care of you."

The carriage started to move as the driver on the box urged the horses to get
into full gallop, making the canvas spun above the back of the carriage swung
heavily. The monk was trying to tend some of Michael's most serious wounds. He
wrapped his feet in thick cloths of linen to stop him from bleeding. The dogs
had bitten off two of his toes, a third might have to be amputated. His shinbone
appeared to be broken on multiple places and splinters of bone were sticking
through his skin. The poor lad might lose his whole right leg if they didn't get
to the monastery in time to give him much needed medical attention. The old man
shook his head disapprovingly. This was not going to please the Mistress. They
were too late with finding him and pulling back the dogs. If the lad was going
to be handicapped because of this incident, his potential value for the Mistress
would drop severely. He wouldn't be profitable to be saved and the Mistress
might even consider of disposing him before he had any chance to recover. The
old man felt sorry for the lad. Although he had done his duty to the Mistress
for a long time now, he still couldn't deal with all of her cruelties. Silently,
he prayed to the Lord to protect the young lad, to keep him save. This was all
he could do for him beside from stretching his life for the very moment.  

Back in the woods, the two monks who had stayed behind gathered the dogs
together. The man who had been carrying the gun put a leash on Nero's collar
while scratching the animal behind its ears.

"I'm sorry that I hit you my old friend. You've done your job well. It's our
fault that we didn't arrive in time. Don't hold a grudge."

Nero yelped and licked the man's face. All was forgiven. The monk smiled and
petted the animal's head.

"You and your friends are going to get a well deserved meal when we get home."

Happily, Nero looked up at the man and wagged his tail. The monk got up and
tugged gently on Nero's leash, ordering him to follow. Nero stepped calmly
beside him and the other dogs followed silently as they walked their way back to
the monastery.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pandora


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





