BDSM Library - Kidnap Fantasy




Kidnap Fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She always fantasized about being kidnapped by truck driver and bound tightly. Then she had a chance to fullfil her fantasy with her online friend.
Kidnap Fantasy
by Gromet 
 




Kidnap Fantasy
by Gromet 
 

I��d been talking to Cliff for over six weeks on the internet, we��d met in a
chatroom devoted to bondage lovers and after many discussions I began to let
slip some of my fantasies. Then one night while logged on with Cliff I let him
know that one of my fantasies was to be kidnapped by a truck driver and kept in
bondage for a trip across country. As fate would have it, it turned out that
Cliff was an interstate truck driver and would be on the road next week. He told
me that this trip would be a six day round trip, my heart leapt into my mouth as
he asked if I would like to fulfil my fantasy and join him on the trip. We
chatted some more and worked through some details of what he��d like to do with
me, our chat finally ended as I had work the next morning and it was now getting
late, I signed off but said that I would think about his offer and let him know.

All the next day at work my mind drifted off into my fantasy, how I would be
tied up and used by my fantasy truck driver. That night I logged into the
chatroom and chatted some more with Cliff and a couple of others, then Cliff
asked for a private chat to continue our discussion from the night before. We
talked some more about bondage, sex and my fantasies, I don��t know whether it
was intentional on my part or the fact that I felt at ease talking with him but
I let slip about a mummification session I��d done whilst at college, how I��d
been wrapped up with kitchen wrap and left tightly bound as my then boyfriend
played with my bound body, gently stroking me and teasing my sensitive body with
his light touch, how incredibly turned on I gotten. I��d spent about an hour
wrapped and my climax after was the most intense I��d experienced. In fact I was
now getting hot between my legs just thinking about that time and my thoughts
now focused on releasing some of my pent up frustrations.

Cliff wrote that he would love to wrap me up in a nice tight cocoon and play
with my body for a while, he went on to describe in detail how he��d use me
whilst helplessly wrapped and under his control. Whether because it was late or
the fact that I was now very turned on, I agreed that we should meet, not only
that I would consider going with him as planned on his trip interstate as his
prisoner. But just now I had something that needed my urgent attention and I
closed down my computer and went to bed with my vibrator.

The next evening I logged on again with Cliff and he went into some ground rules
and more details of the trip, he asked me again if I was willing to do this? I
had made my mind up to do this even though I��d only talked to him over the net,
it had been a deeply held fantasy of mine, my mind had been in overdrive
thinking about the possibilities and what could happen, even the dangers
involved in what I was about to embark on. Cliff had only one condition
remaining and that was that once in the truck I would be his ��sex slave�� for
the remainder of the trip. Again my nerves returned was I doing the right thing,
yes I would be living one of my fantasies but could I trust someone I��d never
met. We chatted some more and Cliff reassured me that all would be safe and I
would return at the end of the trip and that a couple of members we both knew
very well in the chatroom would be informed of our decision both for my safety
and his.

I said that I would come with him on the trip as long as there was a safeword
that we could both use in the event of there being something either of us
didn��t want to do, I stressed that I was pretty open to anything he wanted to
do but felt the need for some safety margin. Cliff agreed and went on to give me
the details of where we would meet, what time etc. He��d be driving through on
the main interstate highway which was about 50 miles from where I lived, we��d
meet in a small town not far from the highway, Cliff described his truck and
himself and said just to make sure you don��t get in the wrong truck.

On the Monday at work all I could think about was what was going to happen to me
the next few days, here I was going away with a man I��d never met, to fulfil a
fantasy that in reality would be a crime. He was going to kidnap me, tie me up
and have sex with me for the next six days supposedly against my will, well that
was the fantasy. My body began to react to these thoughts my tummy began to have
butterflies and I could feel my sex tingle and become wet, my breasts felt
tender and I had hot flushes through my body. I could feel my cheeks become red
and burn as my thoughts drifted off into my fantasy. Just then my boss walked
passed me and asked if I felt okay? He commented that I didn��t look well; I
said that maybe I was coming down with something but would be okay; well this
was better than expected as I would be off work the next few days anyway.

When I got home that night I retreated to my bedroom, took off my clothes and
decided to relieve myself of all my frustrations that had built up during the
day. Later after a short nap and two earth shattering orgasms I wandered over to
my computer and logged on to see if Cliff was about. Luckily I��d just caught
him before he left to prepare for the trip, he asked me what I��d be wearing
when we��d meet, as he didn��t want to kidnap the wrong person! I hadn��t
thought about what to wear and asked him if he had any preferences? He came
across with some ideas but I said that I would either get arrested for wearing
that or pick up some clients thinking I was a hooker! Then he asked me if I had
something that made me look like a schoolgirl, I said that I could probably
manage that with a skirt and blouse and would he like my hair in pigtails? He
said no to the hair but would love to see me dressed as a schoolgirl and that
this would work into my fantasy, truth be known was that I began having this
fantasy whilst still at school and had gotten myself off some nights dressed as
a schoolgirl, kidnapped and tied up with my pants around my ankles and used by
some hairy truck driver for his pleasure (and mine).

After Cliff had gone over the details of where we��d meet we closed the session
and I went to be to continue my fantasy with my trusty vibrator. The next day I
awoke, showered and had some breakfast. I rang work and told them I wouldn��t be
in for a few days and then walked into my bedroom to get dressed for my
adventure. My thoughts turned to sex and I decided to surprise Cliff with
something under the uniform, I had just the thing that I��d bought a couple of
months back. I dug out a white bodice, it had laces up the front to fasten me
tightly inside, suspenders hung down waiting for stockings to attach to, my
breasts nicely presented and held together. Next I chose some white nylon
stockings that went with the outfit, I loved the feel as they slid up over my
smooth skin covering my legs in their grasp, and it always turns me on the way
they feel as they glide over my flesh. I stood up and looked at myself in the
mirror, the image displayed was of a beautiful woman dressed in white, her
hourglass figure enhanced by the bodice as it held her waist and pushed up her
breasts, her stocking clad legs seemed very long and shapely, what man could
resist her. I picked out a matching set of panties and covered my now moist sex. 

Putting on the blouse and skirt I admired myself in the mirror, what would he
think of me. The skirt just covered the tops of my stockings, if I bent down
this would rise and reveal the tops of my thighs and would present a nice
picture for any one to see. I moved into the bathroom and began to apply my
makeup, and then I selected my shoes and had a final check in the mirror.
Satisfied with the way I looked I switched on my answer phone and left a note
for my flatmate that I would be away for a few days. I jumped into my car and
began driving to my appointment with fate. On the trip I began to have second
thoughts about what I was about to do, could I trust him, I didn��t know this
man but was going to give him myself for whatever he wanted to do to me. Visions
from horror movies and murders ran through my head and I nearly turned back, but
I carried on, at least I owed him an explanation as to why I couldn��t go
through with this. As I got closer to our meeting point I began to allay my
fears and rationalise them, this was something I��d dreamed of and wanted to do,
I decided I would meet Cliff and decide what to do then.

I arrived at the town and drove to the centre, I was twenty minutes early and
quickly found the place Cliff had told me to meet him, he said that there would
be a bus stop with a bench outside of a motel, I was to park my car in the motel
car park and wait for him on the bench. My fantasy was that I was a schoolgirl
awaiting the bus when I was grabbed by this truck driver and bundled away in his
truck. As I waited for him to arrive I was still in two minds whether to jump
back in my car and run off or to stay. Just then a truck pulled up in front of
me and the driver stepped down and walked over. I looked him up & down, he had
blond hair and was well built, in his late 20��s or early 30��s and had a tan,
he was not at all what I had envisaged he��d look like. He introduced himself
and said that he was happy to finally meet me in person, he went on to say that
he didn��t think I would be here waiting for him, that I would have gotten cold
feet or decided that I didn��t want to go through with this. I did confess that
I had my doubts and very nearly turned back. Cliff seemed disappointed with this
and I quickly explained that after seeing him all those thoughts had disappeared
& I would go through with what we had agreed.

As I stood up I let Cliff glimpse the tops of my stockings under my skirt, he
asked me to turn around and show myself off, I did a little twirl and wiggled my
bottom as I did so. Cliff then asked me if I was sure that I wanted to go
through with this and I could back out now without embarrassment? I quickly
thought about this and before I let my doubts creep up inside me again I looked
into his eyes and said that I wanted to be his. He told me to turn around away
from him and I felt him grab my wrists and the cold steel of handcuffs close
around them, I couldn��t pull my hands apart and Cliff moved me quickly to the
truck and helped me climb inside. There were a couple of steps to climb and I
felt his hands on my behind as he pushed me inside. I was now his kidnap victim.

Cliff climbed in behind me and pushed me down on the passenger seat, holding me
in place as he reached behind and brought out some rope, he began to bind me to
the seat, several ropes went around my body and tightened to hold me firmly to
the seat. Next from the glovebox he produced a ballgag and inserted this into my
mouth, he fastened the straps around my head that held the ball between my teeth
and secured them with a small lock. Satisfied with my bondage he moved over to
his seat and started the trucks engine. I was bound securely to the seat and
began to move around testing my bondage and getting to enjoy the feel of them,
Cliff looked over and asked if I was okay? I nodded my head; I was fine in fact
I was loving this. All I wanted now was for my ankles to be tied and I started
wiggling my feet hoping he��d get the message. Cliff noticed and said that he��d
be fixing me up outside of town, just sit and enjoy the ride. The truck then
moved off and I began my adventure.

We��d driven for about thirty minutes when Cliff pulled over to the side and
down a dirt track into a small forest, he stopped the truck and switched off the
engine, he looked over at me and I whimpered into my gag playing the helpless
victim. He moved over to me and began running his hands over my bound body,
moving them over my breasts feeling me through the fabric of my blouse. My
nipples reacted to the touch and began to swell and stand out as he continued to
caress me, then he looked into my eyes, I could see the lust within them as he
began to pull my blouse apart trying to expose my sensitive breasts, that��s
when he saw my surprise. He looked up and said that I was a very naughty girl
and that maybe I should be punished for being so deliciously wicked. I let out a
low moan from behind the gag and he began to untie me from the seat. Once he��d
removed the ropes he pulled me into the sleeper cabin behind the seats and laid
me down on the bed. He ran his hands over my body and felt the bodice I was
wearing, his hands then drifted down to lift my skirt and reveal my stocking
clad legs.

He quickly undress himself, his body was tanned all over and also well toned, he
had no hair on his body and as I looked down I could see his very erect member
waving at me. He was also well built too. I gulped behind my gag, this was the
moment of truth I was now his to use as he wished, he began removing my moist
panties and exposing my bare sex to his gaze.

He asked if I��d shaved it for him and I nodded. He ran his fingers over my
flesh and probed into my pussy and found my love hole, he removed his fingers
and brought them up to his face and smelt my musky odour, then he ran his tongue
over them to taste them. Cliff then moved his body down and brought his face
between my legs, he pushed my thighs apart with his hands and ran his tongue
over my wet sex, pushing with his firm tongue against my clitoris. Delving
deeper he pushed his tongue into my hole and sent shockwaves throughout my body
as I cried out into my gag.

He took his time playing with me bringing me close to orgasm with his mouth and
then stopping before I could climax, then with a wicked smile he moved himself
up my body and pushed himself deep within me. I felt as though I��d been
impelled on a stake as he drove himself home within me. He began to move in &
out of my love hole, pushing harder with each thrust building up momentum until
we both climaxed, our orgasms coming together crashing over our bodies. 

Cliff lay on top of me for a while as we came back down to earth then he moved
to one side and asked if I was okay, I weakly nodded and gulped behind my gag,
he asked me if I still wished to continue with my fantasy? After what had just
happened and the mind-blowing orgasm I��d experienced I was not about to say no
to more of the same treatment. I shook my head to indicate yes I did wish to be
used and abused by him. Cliff seemed very happy with this, he said that the
agreed safeword should be orange or that I should shake my head if gagged if I
was not happy with anything that would happen.

He then rolled me over in the bed so I was face down and began to re-tie me,
working the rope around my ankles and cinching the rope tight he moved up my
legs and bound around my knees.  Next he circled rope around and between my
thighs and pulled this tight, he reached up and removed the handcuffs still
holding my wrists, and he then bound my wrists together with rope. More rope was
placed around my chest, in between my breasts separating them as they cut in
between them and the rope came back around to form a body harness. Next my he
grabbed my legs and brought them up to meet my wrists, rope then held them
together holding me in a hog-tie position. A blindfold was placed over my eyes
and the gag was retightened behind my head forcing the ball further in my mouth,
the straps cutting into my flesh.

Happy with his handiwork he patted my bottom and asked if I was okay, I nodded
my head that I was fine, he said good because I wouldn��t be released for
sometime, as he had to get some driving done. I would remain bound in some form
for the remainder of the trip and I was now his bondage slave to be used by him
as he wished. The words sent shivers of delight throughout my bound body as I
lay there wriggling against my bondage. My mind went into orgasm as he spoke of
this, Cliff then climbed into the drivers seat and we continued our journey. I
was now his prisoner, I had done this to satisfy a deeply held fantasy of mine,
I knew there would be a risk but from what I��d seen and experienced so far I
knew that the next few days would be amazing.

Later that day I felt the truck stop, Cliff climbed out of the cab without so
much as a word or look in my direction, I remained bound, gagged and blindfolded
in the sleeper section of the truck. A short time later I heard the door open
and someone climb in the truck, they moved into the sleeper section and ran
their cold hands over my bound body without saying a word. The rope that held me
in the hog-tie was cut and my legs fell onto the bed, their hands continued to
play with my stocking clad legs and move up to the cheeks of my rear. Next I
felt movement on the bed as he moved himself down the bed towards my feet, he
straddled my legs and lifted my hips up off the bed so that I rested on my knees
with my bottom in the air. I felt a cold finger probe my warm pussy; I heard his
zipper open and steadied myself for what I thought was about to happen. I could
feel the head of his penis stroke my labia, gently brushing up & down getting
covered in my juices, he then pushed himself forward and entered me, finding his
way deep inside me. He grunted as he moved himself within me, I was being taken
from behind doggie style, still tightly bound and unable to resist, I was loving
every minute.

It didn��t take him long to orgasm and he grunted his pleasure within me, I
could feel his member expand as he neared his climax then the sperm gush out of
him and into me. I had not come and that pleased me, I was his sex slave, his
toy for his own personal use, I felt satisfied that I��d pleased him. He
withdrew from me and lay down beside me, he spoke softly to me, I now knew it
was Cliff, I hadn��t been too sure but there wasn��t much I could have done to
stop them using me bound as I was. Cliff then untied my hands from behind my
back and re-tied them in front. I was to remain tied this way overnight as Cliff
drifted off to sleep my fingers found their way to my pleasure centre and found
my magic button.

We awoke early the next morning and Cliff removed all the ropes binding me, plus
the gag and the blindfold, he gave me a pair of overalls to wear and helped me
out of the truck. After going to the toilet we had breakfast in the truckstop
caf��. When we returned to the truck I climbed inside followed by Cliff. He told
me to remove the overalls and lay on the mattress, he quickly re-tied me into a
bodyharness with the rope, crossing over between my breasts as before. Then he
continued around my waist and down through my crotch, pulling this tight against
my tender flesh tying this off behind my back. He then cuffed my hands in front
and bound my ankles together. I was now flat on my back lying in the rear cabin
as Cliff unzipped himself and pulled his member out of his pants and presented
it to my mouth, I opened my lips and kissed him lightly on the head. Then I ran
my tongue over the top and down the side, moving my body to get closer to him. I
closed my warm lips over his penis and sucked him down into the back of my
mouth; I tasted his salty pre-cum as I swallowed allowing myself to savour his
taste. I moved my head up and down on his shaft, sucking hard to increase his
pleasure, my tongue darting over him causing tiny shudders through his body. I
took him deeper within me as I felt his member swell and he approached climax
and prepared myself to receive his load within my mouth, a couple more moves by
me and he shot his sperm within my mouth, as he did so he held my head down
forcing me further onto his penis and nearly down my throat.

Afterwards Cliff moved me from the bed up onto the passenger seat, he took some
more rope and tied me to the seat, suitably bound he moved over and sat in the
drivers seat. I asked him if he��d forgotten something and puckered my lips in a
mock kiss, ��you��d like to be gagged?�� he asked. I nodded my head. After he��d
fixed the straps behind my head holding the ballgag tightly in my mouth, he
moved over and we continued our journey.

Later that day we began approaching a city, the countryside started to disappear
to be replaced by housing, Cliff spoke and said that this was a stop over point
and we��d be changing some cargo, unfortunately the place we��d be stopping had
high security and they would probably check inside the cabin, he didn��t want
them finding a bound naked female in the cab. He said that I would have to be
hidden away and shortly we��d stop so he could prepare me. I had goosebumps at
the thought of this.

We found a quiet spot outside of town and pulled off the road, my side of the
truck would be hidden from passing vehicles and it would look as though he was
changing a tyre. Cliff untied the ropes and removed the gag, he climbed out of
the cab and suggested that I take advantage of the stopover and relieve myself
in the bushes. When I returned I stretched my limbs as Cliff began emptying out
the storage locker under the trailer. Cliff said that I would have to be hidden
from this point on until he��d finished loading and left the other side of town.
He then reached up into the truck and brought out 2 rolls of plastic kitchen
wrap, he told me to stand with my legs apart and began covering them tightly in
the plastic, he ran a couple of layers over each leg and told me to place them
together. Next he started to wind wrap around both legs binding them tightly
together, moving slowly upwards he covered my legs and continued over my hips
and tummy, then reaching my breasts he started to place the wrap in a cross over
fashion over my shoulders and then back over my breasts until all the roll was
used. He than began to use the other roll and tightly covered my breasts
squeezing them against my body reducing their size.

He continued to wrap the plastic over my body working up and own until the roll
was used, next he brought out a couple of rolls of silver duct tape. He started
binding my ankles and worked his way over my legs and body until the tape
covered all of the plastic wrap. He then started with the other roll and bound
me as tightly as he could, when he��d finished I had trouble breathing due to
the compression of my chest, he said that once I was lying down it would
improve. I was now covered in 2 layers of tape over several layers of plastic
kitchen wrap with only my feet and head exposed. He climbed back into the truck
as I tried to maintain my balance, when he returned he held in his hand what
turn out to be a latex hood. He explained what it was and then placed this over
my head pulling it tightly over my face and the back of my head, the back was
zippered closed and he adjusted the breathing holes below my nose, I could still
see through the hood as there were eyeholes but my mouth was covered. The latex
hood was now stretched tightly over my head and secured at the base of my neck
with a small lock.

Cliff grabbed hold of my shoulders and placed me on the ground, he then wrapped
the film around my feet and covered them with more tape, I was now covered from
head to feet and totally unable to move. It felt absolutely delicious!

He then moved to the storage cabinet and removed a large canvas bag and brought
this over to me, he laid this down on the ground next to me and pulled it out.
He then rolled me over into the bag until I was face up and on my back; he
grabbed the sides and pulled them up over my tightly wrapped body, closing the
zipper as he worked the canvas closed. He said that I would be hidden inside
this canvas bag and stored away in the locker below the trailer, no one but he
would know where I was and I would stay here until he wanted to release me. He
was saying all the right words to turn me on, my body was crying out for orgasm,
I was highly frustrated and wanted him to use me here and now, instead he closed
the bag over my head blocking out the light and I felt him pick me up and place
my bound, wrapped and enclosed body in the locker.

My bound body was pushed to the rear of the storage locker and Cliff started to
reload all the items he��d removed including a large canvas tarpaulin that he
place on top of me pushing me down against whatever was below me, if I could
have had limited movement before now it would be impossible. Several other items
were placed back in the locker and I heard the door close and the bolts lock
into place, I was now trapped within several layers of wrap and tape, enclosed
within a canvas bag and locked away until further use. I felt the truck move and
we headed off into the city and thereafter to the warehouse. I had deliciously
wicked thoughts and wondered what people would think if they knew I was here as
we passed by them. 

I��d lost all track of time by now the truck had stopped moving and I could hear
movement above me in the cargo area, it must be the workers changing the load
and I had visions of what they��d do if they found me here. I had a mini orgasm
as my mind drifted off into fantasy of being found and used by several men at
once while Cliff looked on directing what they were doing to me. I also wondered
how long I would remain bound like this and my thoughts drifted off into me
being permanently bound this way, I��d been kidnapped by an Egyptian cult and
they��d mummified me as part of some ancient ritual, I would remain this way for
all eternity. I didn��t care as I was thoroughly enjoying every minute of this.

I was awoken by the truck moving, we must have finished loading and were now
heading off, I lay there tightly wrapped and as horny as hell as I felt the
vibrations rumble through the truck. Cliff carried on driving until we were
safely outside of town, he found a nice quiet spot surrounded by trees and
pulled over, after hearing the truck stop I hoped that it wouldn��t be long
before he came and got me. I heard the locks being opened on the cabinet and
some things being removed, then I felt his hands grab hold of the canvas bag
containing me and he pulled me out onto the ground, next I was picked up over
his shoulder and carried for a short distance, I didn��t know where I was as I
couldn��t see. Cliff dropped me down onto the ground and began to open the bag,
I could see daylight, I��d been in the bag overnight. He then rolled me over and
I felt him touch the wrapping near my rear, he cut open the wrapping with his
knife to reveal my rosebud, his fingers quickly moved to prise open my cheeks
and I felt something cold being applied to my rear hole. 

I felt his body weight as he lay down on top of me and then I felt his erect
penis push against me, he must have applied some lubrication as he slipped
against me bottom with his member. Next he moved his fingers and pushed them
into my rear opening me up as he did so, first two then three fingers played
with my virgin hole, he was using more lubrication getting me ready for his
manhood to use me. Satisfied with his work I felt him move himself into position
and then felt his penis push up against my hole, it put up some resistance under
finally he managed to push the head of it in. I screamed into my gag as the pain
flashed through my brain and he eased himself off and started to pull out, I
didn��t want him to stop and wriggled against him to indicate that I wanted him
to continue, he quickly got the message and I felt him push himself into me
again. The was less pain this time and I began to relax myself hoping that it
would make it easier for him to enter my behind.

We lay still for a little while whilst my body got used to having an erect penis
up my rear, Cliff then started to move and pushed himself a little deeper and
then started to build up his rhythm, moving himself in & out of my hole. As the
pain eased I experienced another more pleasurable sensation and began to enjoy
what was happening to me, it wasn��t as bad as I first though and I was
beginning to get into this when I felt Cliff grow within me and knew that he
would not be far away from climax. A few more strokes later and I felt him cum
deep within me, he continued pumping into me until he��d finished his orgasm and
then lay there on top of me spent. I couldn��t move at all as I was still
tightly wrapped and had to wait until he moved off of me.

I felt him ease himself out of me and he stood up, he admired his handiwork as I
lay there wriggling like a silver fish, covered in duct tape. I was desperate to
relieve my bladder and maybe stretch my limbs, I wouldn��t have minded a climax
or two as well but just a pee in the meantime would be good. Cliff said that I
wouldn��t be released just yet, but if I wanted to go to the toilet he��d roll
me over and I could use the hole he��d made in the tape. I felt his hands on my
bound body and he rolled me over and pulled my head so I was now in a sitting
position, well this opened the floodgates so to speak and I relieved myself
there and then. He asked if I was finished and I shook my head yes, he pushed my
head back down and rolled me back into the canvas bag. He quickly fastened up
the zipper and secured me inside again, I was carried back over to the truck and
again stored in the locker, all the contents were thrown back inside with
several landing on me and the door closed and locked. I was now just his sex toy
to be taken out and used as he wished, I was in my fantasy as the truck pulled
away with its hidden cargo.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gromet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





