BDSM Library - BBW meets BDSM




BBW meets BDSM
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl's journey into bondage and mastery. Then she got to know what the truth was.
BBW meets BDSM
by zone




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 1

I am a bbw. I have big breasts and a nice waist. I have brown hair to my
shoulders. I like to write erotica especially dealing with submissiveness and
masters. Just thinking of it makes me want to cum.

I am 36 years old and live in the outskirts of our nations capitol. I love the
BDSM life. I was initiated into sex when i was a student out of the country.

I met the man and he became my friend. At that time I did not know what BDSM or
slavery was. (Except concerning the Bible and the American Civil War) He was so
nice he fondled me and led me to the ultimate peak. He kissed me and sucked my
nipples and then showed me what he would like to do with me. He simulated his
penis with his fingers in me. I came so hard. I had wanted that for the past few
weeks that we had been petting around. As soon as I came,  he pulled my legs up
over his shoulders and entered me without even stopping for my virgin shield. He
just made his home in my vagina. He was so big.  His fingers were nothing like
this.

As I became used to him he moved in and out and before i knew it we had reached
out climax together.

We parted with the idea that I would come to his home on the weekend. To spend
the weekend in bed and frolic with him.

All week i was in a state of sexual frustration. I wanted to have him in me
again.

When I arrived at his home it was down a long road with hardly a neighbor in
sight. I walked up the long road dragging my suitcase with all my sexy bbw
lingerie.

He opened the door and let me in. He showed me to the bedroom and told me to
hang up my clothes and to make my self at home. When i came down stairs he asked
me if i wanted a drink and some lunch.

Which i said thank you I do? He told me to wash the dishes and to join him in
his rec room downstairs. He came over and French kissed me long and hard. He
said it was to get him into the mood.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 2

I stood by his sink and washed the plates, cups and pots.  When I was finished I
went to the bathroom and checked my makeup and fixed up a little.  I then went
to the bedroom and put on a slinky negligee with a matching robe.  The thing was
so shear you could see right through it.  It was black with little red inserts
in the nipple area and the vagina area.  I thought I looked great.  I was a
little embarrassed by it but I wanted him to get on with the making love part of
the weekend.  I had been horny all week.  I had been laid just once and I wanted
to do it again.

I went down stairs and opened the door to be rec. room.  The stairs were steep
and long.  As I went down I had to hold onto the wall which was made out of
stone.  As I turned the corner I saw all types of weird equipment.  There were
things that I had never seen before.  On the far wall was a king size bed with
brass headboard and foot board.  A wall size TV screen.  There was a type of
gynecological table, gymnastic horses and other things I had never seen.  There
was also a big roaring fire in the fireplace.  But there were no windows.  I
must have thought about leaving because he grabbed hold of my arm and pulled me
into the room.  He showed me around.

He said welcome to my life.  By your being here you are now part of my life. 

I am now going to clean you up proper.  He dragged me over to the bathroom and
told me to lean over the stool in there.  I was so scared that I did what he
told me.  He said you look very nice in that get up and he pulled the back up
and over my head.  I could not see what he was doing.  I heard the water running
and he inserted a small tube in my rectum.  I started to scream no, no, no.  He
just slapped me on the butt and said be quiet.  When he got it in he turned the
faucet on and I felt the water enter my butt and when he finished he took out
the tube and he told me to hold it in for 5 minutes.  I was in pain.  I told him
I couldn't and why was he doing this to me when all I wanted to do was to make
love with him. 

He said that this was his way and he wanted to share it with me to make me his
sexual slave.  "Oh no way,"  I said as I to get up.  He gave me a wallop on my
butt and I almost let everything go.  He then pulled me up and plopped me down
on the toilet and told me to let it go.  I was more then happy to do this.

He then told me to lie again across the stool and he reinserted the hose into me
and this time I did not protest. 

When he was finished in the bathroom he led me back into the main room and I
jerked away from him and bolted up the stairs.  He was after me in a flash.  He
tackled me right near the top.  I was so close.  I thought I could be fast
enough but he was faster.

He pulled my leg and I went down.  He dragged me down the steps until I reached
him where he was on the steps.  He ripped my robe off and tore my nightgown up
the back.  He then kicked my legs apart and entered my vagina in one swoop.  I
was still very small inside and he felt like the first time.  I didn't know, 
until later, that by him entering me this way, he could get into me furhter and
fuller.  He moved in and out until he had a climax. There was no climax for me. 
I felt that I was raped and crying. 

When he finished he took my robe and tore a long piece of material off of it and
secured my hands behind my back. When they were secure he pulled me up and had
me stand in front of him while he ripped the rest of my negligee off my body. 
There I stood in all my glory.  My breasts were heaving and so was my stomach. 
He just reached up and flicked my nipple and massaged my stomach.  I was crying. 
He then tore another piece of cloth and tied it in my mouth causing me not to be
able to talk or scream.

He then pulled me down the rest of the stairs until we reached the gynecological
table.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 3

He backed me up to it and told me to sit on the edge.  I had a hard time so he
helped me up by pushing me up and scooting me back on the table.  He untied my
hands from the back and retied them in front of me and then lifted them until
they were over my head and secured them somewhere behind me.  I was crying full
force and trying to scream and plead.  I was unable to do because the gag he
placed in my mouth. 

Once he secured me he came down and reached for my legs I started to kick him. 
He took his hand and slapped my thighs until they were bright red and I stopped. 
He stood there looking at me with a serious look like I was in big trouble.  The
back of the table was raised to that I was in a reclining position but I could
see what was happening.  I saw that there was a mirror on the ceiling.  It was
allover the ceiling.  He then took my legs and spread them wide.  He inserted
them into stirrups.  These were not regular stirrups these closed to make a
metal manacle around the each leg.  He then spread the stirrups even further
until I could feel the tension in my vagina. 

He then came and stood between my legs and said,  "we will now learn the proper
way to call the parts of your body do you understand."   I nodded in fear. 
"First this is not your vagina it is now known as my pussy.  These are not your
breasts they're my boobs and nipples.  And this is not your rear or butt but my
ass.  You get it.  They are mine to do as I wish."  I nodded.

He said, "the first thing I have to do is clean up my pussy."   He took a comb
and brush out and brushed the hair that I had down there.  I was a very hairy
girl down there.  He made sure he brushed all the hair from between my lips
also.  He then took his comb and like a hairstylist combed the hair straight out
and cut it down to the skin.  Just leaving a little stubble.  I could feel the
air and he exposed more and more skin.  When he had it almost bare he went into
the bathroom and brought back a bowl of steaming soapy water and he opened a
straight razor.  He placed the bowl between my wide spread legs. I had a clear
view of my I mean his pussy.  He let the bowl sit there and I could feel the
steam on his pussy.  He said we'll let it soften up my pussy hair.  He kept on
testing the hair by running his hands over his pussy.  He kept on saying what a
nice and full pussy I now have.  I think this is the best pussy I have ever
owned.  I just looked at him with wide eyes. 

He finally seemed to be ready and he smeared some soap on it and pulled the lips
opened and shaved me. From top to bottom.  When he was satisfied he ran his
fingers in side the lips.  When he rinsed the pussy off I looked bald as a
billiard ball.  The pussy lips were so full and plump.  He bent down and pulled
the lips open and kissed my clitoris head on.   He slipped his finger into me
and said you are not wet hardly at all.  The water must have washed my sperm
out.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 4

He moved his finger in and out trying to get me to lubricate.  I was too scared
to do anything.  I found myself in a situation that I had no idea how to deal
with.  I knew he was not going to let me go.  If he cared he would have let me
escape but instead he stripped me and raped me right there laying face down on
the stairs.

He pulled my lips to both sides and peered inside me.  He said that I was still
like a virgin.  I was tight and small but he would take care of that.  When he
was through I would be able to take anything easily without hurt.

He pulled his finger out and it felt as if my insides were going to pull out
because they were so dry and tight.  He removed the bowl and took it to the
bathroom.  He came back in and stepped right between my legs.  He positioned his
penis right at the entrance of my pussy and he spread the lips all the way back
and placed his thumb and forefinger there to hold it open.  He commanded that I
look down at his penis and when I did he slowly pushed his penis in.  It slowly
disappeared inside my pussy until his pubic hair was pressed tightly against my
vagina.  It looked as if it was my pubic hair.  He started to push in and out. 
I was starting to get the feeling back in my body.  I was loosening up.  He must
have felt something in me because at that moment he started rapidly moving until
he was approaching his climax.  He spurted into me and quickly removed himself
from my pussy.  I was so close I could see the pussy lips quivering for
fulfillment.

He just stood back and looked at me and smiled.  I was crying.  I was left
unfulfilled and scared about what was going to happen.

He approached me and I lifted my hips hoping he would finish what he started. 
Instead he took his hand a hit me right on my pussy.  I screamed from the sudden
impact of his hand.  He unhooked my legs and untied my hands from behind the
table.  He replaced the materials for some leather cuffs and he reached for the
cloth in my mouth but he said, "No I'll leave it like that I like how it pulls
your mouth open."

He then yanked the cuffs and led me over to the bed.  He secured my hands to
each side of the bed.  However with my legs he also attached cuffs and attached
them to where the hands attached to the headboard.  Effectively bending me in
half with my head right above my bald pussy.  He got on the bed between my legs
and bend down and started to lick me between my legs.  He then reached down and
pulled my ass cheeks apart and licked there too.  He kept on taking me to the
edge and stopping.  I was pleading with my eyes. 

He looked at me and said, "You want me to relieve the pain of wanting don't you
and I shall."
He spread my lips and spat into my hole.  He then took his fingers and started
to saw them in and out and in and out until I was approaching my climax.  As I
was in the throws of my climax he took out his fingers and spread my ass cheeks
wide and pushed his penis into my ass.  The pain was horrible. However, since I
was in the middle of my climax I came and came hard.  I was trying to scream but
all I could do is pull my ass up to give him further access to it. 

He finished and pulled out and said, "That was a surprise most people don't come
from their first anal fuck."

He got up and came back with a bowl of ice cubes and said lets cool you down. 
He put on rubber gloves and like a gynecologist he spread my lips and put the
ice chips inside my canal.  I was shivering by the time he was finished.  I
could feel them melting inside me and freezing my insides. 

He then shoved his penis into my pussy and began to shove it in and out until it
felt like he had shoved all the ice cubes all the way to my womb.  I started to
come with very little stimulation that time. 

He released my legs and asked me was I ready to be completely his slave and that
I should realize that it would mean giving something up as a token of my
submissiveness.  I said I was because I did not know what I had to give up.  I
thought it was just my sexual freedom.  But I was wrong.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 5

He untied me and led me over to the sawhorse.  He made sure my hands were tied
securely to the legs and well as my legs.  This spread my legs wide.  He
fastened my calves to the legs as well and fastened my waist and upper arms.  He
then pushed my ass to see if I was secure. 

He positioned the horse so that my face was facing the fire.  He reached over
the fireplace and pulled off the mantle a branding iron.  He showed it to me. 
It was his three initials. I was like the signet ring type of letters.  It was
no bigger then a silver dollar. He put it into the flames and just stared at me
while it got hot. 

When it looked hot he put it back in the fire again and approached my rear and I
could feel him spread some type of alcohol on my ass cheek. He then blew on it. 
It sent a shiver up my spine and then he tapped me on the ass.

He then went to the fire and pulled the iron out of the flames it was glowing
red.  He went behind me and I tried to ready my self for it but I was unable to. 
He pulled one of my rear cheeks open and I could feel the heat from the iron
before it touched my skin.   The pain was terrible.  I couldn't hold a scream
back.  You could tell I was screaming even with the gag on.  It seemed he left
it there for a very long time.  My bladder couldn't hold anymore and my urine
poured out of me.  He removed the iron and tossed it on the side and he let my
ass cheek go.  I could feel one cheek rubbing against the other and that brought
more pain on.

He then came around the front and I could see he had a ranging boner.  He untied
my mouth tie and pushed his penis in front of my mouth and told me to show him
homage and a slave shows her Master.  I opened my mouth wide and engulfed his
penis and moved my head back and forth as well as I could until he spewed into
my mouth.  I didn't swallow and he said to swallow His tribute. 

He then returned to my ass and applied topical ointment to the brand.  He said
that was part one of your sacrifice.

Oh my lord what would be part two.

He untied me and led me over to a seat of some sort.  It was a long stick that
reached from the ceiling to floor and in the middle of it was two hooks on a
swivel caster and a crossbeam near the top.  He told me to lean against the pole
and he adjusted the hooks so that they were on each side of my pussy and upper
legs.  He then secured my hands around the crossbeam.  This caused my breasts to
stick out.  He attached a waist holder to my waist and the beam.  He spread my
ass cheeks so that my ass clenched the pole between it.  I could feel cold water
flowing through the pipe.  It was an actual water pipe for his house.  He then
pushed the swivel caster hard against the hooks and turned a knob.  This caused
my legs to open wide.  He then attached a clip to one pussy lip and put it
behind me and measured the length then cut it a little to short.  He then pulled
it and attached another clip to that side and let go.  This caused my pussy lips
to be wide open.  He took some foul smelling something and spread it down on my
vagina and he took some ice and stimulated my nipples until they were standing
out.

He then pulled out what looked like a medieval torture instrument.  It was new
because it was shinny.  It looked like pliers with two sharp nails sticking out
of the mouth pointing inside.  I couldn't imagine what he would do with that.  I
did not have to wait to long.  He approached me and with one hand he pulled my
nipple out until it was stretched far from my body and with the other he closed
the pliers at the base of the nipple.  He allowed it to hang from my nipple. 
The pain.  He then did the same thing to my other nipple and he let the pliers
thing hang down. I now had to pliers hanging from my breasts stretching the
nipples.

He then took out a third pliers and bent between my legs.  I couldn't see what
he was doing I could only feel him rubbing something and I began to get wet
between my lips.  He was rubbing me to climax.  When I climaxed he picked up the
pliers and the pain hit me.  He said I got the clit right on.  And I could feel
the pliers hanging from my clit. 

He then took three rings out and pulled on each pliers until you could see holes
behind them and he inserted rings in my nipples and clit.  They were hefty
rings.  He disconnected me and told me to go upstairs and take a long shower and
wash my hair and put on something nice, which he was sure I had in my suitcase. 
He would be upstairs in 1 hour to inspect me.  This was his test to see if I
would comply.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 6

I rushed upstairs and found the shower.  I cleaned myself making sure I did not
touch my brand or piercings.  They all throbbed.  I dried my hair and put on one
of the negligees I brought.  It was pure white with little matching panties.  I
then stood there and waited. 

It seemed like forever until me came upstairs.  I could hear his footsteps on
the stairs.  He turned the knob and entered.  He came over to me and made me
turn around.  When he was satisfied he gave me high-heeled shoes and told me to
put them on.  I could barely stand in them.  He then led me out the door and
into the living room.  When I got there I saw a woman sitting in a high back
wing chair.  She was wearing all black. Even her hair was dark black.  He pulled
me over to her and told me to get down and kiss her boots for, as he was my
Master she was my Mistress and his girlfriend. 

What the hell was he talking about?  I was his girlfriend.  I looked at him and
he said you are nothing but a slave to me.  I watched you and courted you and
fucked you just so that I could make you our slave.

I couldn't believe it.  I had thought I loved him and was willing to do anything
for him.  He slapped me in the face and told me to kiss her boots like he
ordered me to. And while I'm down there think of the punishment that you will
get because you failed to respond right away to my command.

I got down and kissed her boots and she slid her legs apart and told me to kiss
her inner thighs and then kneel up.  I did what she told me.  I was on my knees
between her wide spread legs.  She had no underwear on and I could see her
crotch.  It was naked to except for an abundant amount of fur on her lips. 
There she had long pussy hair.  She leaned into me and pulled my head towards
her and I could see her open her mouth and she closed it on my lips and kissed
me long and hard.  Her tongue delved into my mouth, forcing its way in.  She
told me this was known as French kissing and I would be doing a lot of that. 

She then told me to stand up and she told me to take off the negligee but leave
on the panties.  My big breasts came out and my nipple rings were sticking real
close to her face.  She fingered my nipples and rings.  She then ran her hands
down my stomach and cupped my vagina making sure to finger the ring there
through the cloth.  She told me to turn around and she gripped the back of the
panties and pulled them between my ass cheeks.  It all but disappeared into the
crack.  She pulled my cheeks apart and looked at the brand and complimented my
Master on the workmanship of it.

She arose still keeping a grip on the back of the panties and led me to the
dining room where in the corner was a birdcage.  It was big enough for a human. 
She led me to it and pushed me into it.  She told me to sit on the perch with my
legs on either side so that I straddled it and to hold my hands out to the side
where she tied them to the side of the birdcage.  She through a cloth over the
cage and told me good night.  Get a good night sleep if I could.  Tomorrow,
which was Sunday was a training day before they released me back to go to
school.

As I sat there I could feel the perch pushing into my tender vagina and it hurt. 
I was able to catch a few catnaps during the night.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 7

When morning came I heard them coming down the stairs.  They were whispering. 
They pulled the cover off the cage and I had to squint because the sun was too
bright.
She slid her arm into the cage and petted me and asked me how their little pet
was today.

He put a bird feeder tray and a water bottle into the cage and told me to eat
and drink.  I had to strain but I was able to eat.

When I finished she unlocked the cage and led me down stairs.  She pulled the
pants out from between my cheeks and she pulled them down and off of me.  She
told me to go to the bathroom.  I waited for her to leave but she just stood by
the door.  I sat down and she told me to spread me legs so that she could watch. 
I was unable to go with her watching me.  She turned on the water and let it
run.  Finally the pee started to come out of me.  Once it started it wouldn't
stop.  It felt like I hadn't peed for a couple hours.

When I finished she reached behind me and retrieved a baby wipe and wiped me
off.  She then took her finger and reached underneath me and inserted it into my
anus and I started to have a bow movement.  When I was finished she once again
wiped me off and then washed her hands with antibacterial soap.  She then
sprayed my nipples and clit rings with alcohol.  It hurt.  She then pulled me up
from the toilet and had me lean over the side of the bathtub where she inserted
an tube and I felt warm and soapy water enter me.  She made me hold it for 10
minutes and then empty it.  She then did it two more times until the toilet bowl
was clear.

When this was all finished she led me out of the bathroom and told me to kneel
down and her husband came forward with a metal color and she put it around my
neck and locked it in place.  It looked like a necklace.  She then told me to
crawl to the pummel horse.  When I got there she told me to lay over it on my
stomach.  She placed a pillow under my ass raising it into the air.  She then
nodded to the Master and he let go with a yell and I felt something like a ruler
hit my ass.  He kept on doing it until my ass was burning.  He said this was the
punishment for not listening to him yesterday.

When this was over she untied me and led me over to a closest.  She took out a
blouse, which I knew was going to be too small.  She told me to put it on with
out a bra.  It was white.  When I tried to close it I couldn't.  She slapped my
hands away and left it unbuttoned and tied it under my breasts leaving my middle
exposed.  She then gave me a skirt that looked like a peasant skirt but when I
put it on there were slits all over it.  This showed my legs.  She put the shoes
on me.  She then reached into the blouse and rouged my nipples.  She applied
makeup to me and then she took out scissors and cut all my long hair off up to
the shoulders.  She then showed me what I looked like in the mirror.  I looked
like a slut.

The Master then told me it was time for my first public outing with them.  They
took me to the front door and told me to stand before it.  They went upstairs
and when they came down they were dressed conservatively.  He was in a suit and
tie and she in a beige dress.

They led me out and we entered a land rover without a top.  It was a bright
sunny day.

I sat in the back with him while she drove.  He fondled me all the way to the
mall.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 8

When we got to the mall we exited the car and entered the mall.  Inside they led
me over to a store that had sexual merchandise in the window.  It had mannequins
dressed in leather and whips.  I looked around and realized that this was no
ordinary mall. There was a dirty bookstore, movie house, and other stores in the
same style. 

When I hesitated my Master pushed me into the store forcibly.  They were greeted
warmly by the proprietor and proprietress of the store.  They asked what they
could do for them today.  The Mistress explained that I was a new slave that had
to continue my schooling.  However in order to make sure that I came back they
need a number of devices to insure that.

The proprietor smiled and said we can take care of that.  Come into the fitting
room.
They led me into the fitting room and told me to get up on the stool.  It was a
wood stool like the dress makers use to hem pants.  The Master and Mistress sat
down in two comfortable chairs.  The storeowner told me to disrobe.  I was
embarrassed.  It was one thing to be undressed for my Master and Mistress they
had already seen me naked but for total strangers I was afraid they would laugh
at my shape. 

The Master said don't be an asshole get undressed now.  I untied my shirt and
let it fall to the floor and then bend down and took the skirt off.  I then
covered myself with my hands, my Master looked stern and said put your hand
behind your neck and spread your legs apart.  A slave always keeps her legs
apart. 

The storeowner asked if he could inspect me and the master inclined his head
yes.  I was petrified.  No one had ever touched me besides he and my Mistress. 
He ran his hands over my ass and then let them travel to my breasts and
inspected my rings.  He then smoothed his hands down my stomach and said,
"Nice",  and then he cupped my vagina with his warm hand.  He placed one hand on
my ass and with the other he put his fingers into the folds and moved them back
and forth.  He looked up at me and he knew my secret.  He turned to my Master
and said, "She is wet, I didn't even enter her passage but the folds are
dripping." 

His wife came in with a case of paraphernalia.  She showed it to the Mistress
and the Mistress said, "Lets try out all this stuff for size."

First they pulled out an imitation penis.  It looked huge.  They instructed me
to spread my legs and the man went behind me and spread my pussy lips and she
slid a finger into me and I moaned.  She looked at my Mistress and said, "This
is going to be fun."  She then inserted the penis into me and moved her finger
around the outside of the penis insuring that it was in correctly.  As she
pulled her finger out she scratched my clit. 

She then took a leather chain and threaded it through the base of the penis and
my ring in my clit.  She attached a strap around my waist and locked it close. 
She then attached the front strap to the waist and she reached down and pulled
the strap between my legs and threaded it to a back loop and pulled tight.  It
went in-between my ass cheeks.  She pulled it really tight and attached it also
to the waist.  She then took a spray bottle and sprayed the leather in my ass
and took out a blow dryer and blew it dry.  As it dried I could feel it
tightening even further.  I was stuffed.  She said, "every time she sits down
the dildo will start.  It has a pressure button.  When she is at class she will
be thinking of you and by the end of the day she will be running back to you." 

The Master and Mistress got up to examine me and were pleased with that.  They
led me over to their chair and told me to sit down.  As soon as I sat down it
started to hum pleasurably.  It wasn't strong but I could see that after a day
it would be uncomfortable. 

"Very good" the Master said, "now stand up" and it stopped. Up and down and up
and down he made me do it.  He then told me to climb up on the stool again and
he unhooked the leather belt pulling out of my ass crack and letting the whole
thing hang down from the dildo's end.  When he untangled me he slowly pulled the
dildo out of my pussy and a string of liquid came out with it attached to the
end of it.  The Mistress said, "I see that this will have her running back to
us."

Then they led me over to the masters lap and made me lie across it face down. 
He spread my vagina and inserted two cold silver balls in and slipped a hand
over my vagina and squeezed.  I was so close to coming I was nauseous.  The
master kept on playing with me until he was satisfied.  He told me to stand up
and spread my legs.  Every move was complete torture.  He cupped his hands under
my pussy and told me to expel the two silver balls.  I was mortified.  When I
didn't do it right away he slapped my ass six times until  I expelled the two
balls right into his waiting hands.

My Mistress said that she wanted to get an anal plug for me, a vibrating dildo,
a regular dildo and a butterfly.  The storekeeper's wife came over and told me
to bend over and she greased her finger up with olive oil and inserted into the
beginning of my rectum.  She said, "I have an idea of what sizes she will need." 
She laid out several anal plugs as my Mistress requested.  She placed all the
materials in a bag that read Slave's Boutique.  My Mistress handed it to me and
told me to get dressed. 

When I got dressed she retied the blouse to show my breasts off.  She tweaked
the nipples to make them stand out against the fabric.  The Master told me to
bend over and he lifted my skirt and laid it on my back.  He slapped my ass
until my legs were wide enough and he reinserted the balls making sure that they
were well inside me.  He then told me to stand up.

They led me out of the store.  With every step I could feel the delicious
movements of the balls inside of me.

They led me around the mall.  After our little walk they led me into the movie
house and had me sit in the front row with them.  They sat down and told me to
sit down in-between them.  When I did they each lifted a leg and placed it over
the arm of the chair.  It was uncomfortable. 

The movie started.  It was about a couple of girls who were sent to prison and
the warden of the prison was actually a man and a woman.  I had never seen a
woman who also had a penis.  The inmates were stripped searched, analy and
vaginally and then raped by these men/women in prison.  I was disgusted with it
but I was unable to look away.  My mistress opened my shirt fully and began to
play with my nipples, which were very sensitive due to my sexual state.  My
Master was rubbing my clitoris at the same time.  Everytime someone on the
screen came they stopped and made me watch the person on the screen reaching
their climax but they denied me mine.  They must have seen the movie before
because the last time the person came on the screen  they allowed me to come.  I
was moaning with them as they allowed my climax to approach.

When the movie was over I could barely stand up they had to help me.  They led
me to the car.  On the drive back my Master drove and my Mistress sat in the
back seat with me stimulating me.  She leaned me back against the door and
opened my legs and leaned down and licked and kissed me down in my vagina.  This
was my first real encounter with lesbian sex.  She kept me on edge. 

When we got home we were barely in the front door when she gave me a push and
pointed to the stairs.  We went down stairs and when we got there they tore off
my clothes until I was naked and they tossed me unto the bed.  I laid on my back
and my Mistress said no turn over.  She got under my head and pushed it down to
her vagina and told me to lick and suck her until she reached climax.  I put my
head down and began to lick her and as I got her clit into my mouth I felt my
Master spread my legs and delve into my canal and remove the balls.  He then
shoved his penis into my vagina and began to move back and forth.  He grabbed my
hair and pushed my head into his wife's vagina until she came.  He finally came
with a groan and let go with his seed.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 9

He disengaged himself from me and pulled me up from his wife until I was on my
knees.  She crawled out from under me.  She leaned down and put her hand to my
vagina and inserted her fingers into me.  She moved them in and out until my
Masters cum started to come out of me.  She continued the in and out motion
until I could barely catch my breath.  Then the Master reached around me and
pulled me back until my back was against his front.  He thread his fingers
through the rings in my nipples and began to pull them straight out from my body
until I was wincing in pain.  His wife kept this on until I was sopping down
there and then she stopped.  She got up and put her hands around me and her
husband and kissed me on my mouth.  I kept my mouth closed and she kept on until
she was able to get her tongue in between and deep kiss me.  I didn't want to
open my mouth but she finally got it open and didn't stop until she had it open
as she wanted it. 

I could feel the Masters hands still on my breast between us.  She was starting
to get turned on again because I could feel her moving against me.  She was
grinding her pussy against mine.  Then I realized every time her husband pulled
my rings he had to rub her nipples and it was exciting her.

My Master said, "Enough," and pulled away and took me by arm and led me over to
the horse and laid me full length upon it.  My breasts hung down on each side
and my head hung off the front.  He tied my arms to the front legs of the horse. 
He then turned the horse so that the back of it was caddy-corner to the corner. 
He then placed cuffs on my ankles and attached heavy cord to them.

I saw him go over to a pulley on the wall and thread one end of the cord on it
and pull.  As he pulled my leg started to go up and to the side.  When he was
satisfied he tied it off and did the same to the other leg.  This caused my ass
to be on the end of the horse and my legs well out of the way.  When he seemed
satisfied he came forwards and rubbed my ass cheeks and kind of spread them a
little and blew into my ass hole.

He then took his hand and started to hit my cheeks.  Starting with one and then
switching to the other.  Back and forth and back and forth.  When he was
satisfied with the heat in my backside he took out a thermometer and shook it
down.  It was a thermometer for a horse.  It was a lot bigger in length and
width.  He inserted it into my pussy and turned it around a few times and then
removed it.  I then felt him spread my ass with one hand and insert the
thermometer into my hole with the other.  He just kept pushing it in until it
wouldn't go any more. 

He left it in for a couple of minutes and then he took it out and said the
temperature was just right and he stepped behind me and he put a box between my
legs.  I heard some one step up on the box and I felt someone spreading my ass. 
All of a sudden I felt something push its way in.  I thought it was his penis
but it was too hard.  I tried to look behind me but whoever was doing this made
sure my head was straight by holding my hair.  I felt the in and out movement. 
It kept sawing in and out and it was huge that it was irritating my hole.  I
could feel the blood dripping out of my ass.  But the person in my ass didn't
care.  All that they cared about was that the blood was lubricating my passage. 
I felt some thing lay across my back.  It felt like the person who was in my ass
because I felt a shifting of the penis in my hole.  I felt them lay down on my
back and I felt breasts.  I shook because I realized that it was my Mistress in
my ass and she was the one who was taking me and causing me the pain.

She started moving faster and faster until she brought her self off.  She
disengaged her self and I felt a real penis enter my vagina.  It was my Masters
and after the plastic one in my ass it felt great.  Being taken by plastic is so
cold and do demeaning.  As soon as my Master entered my vagina it wasn't long at
all until I started to come.  I came twice real fast in a row before my Master
came.  The third time we came together. 

When he was finished he got off of me and went to the bathroom and brought back
with him a warm sponge and water.  I felt him washing my vagina out and then dip
it into the bowl and spread my ass cheeks and wash them in between.  Washing
away all the sperm and blood and soothing my ravaged parts.

He untied me and led me naked upstairs where they asked me what was my schedule
of classes the next day.  I told them at 10:00 I had a history class that lasted
until 1:00 with a 10 minute break.  Then I have a small break until 2:00 which I
take a chemistry lab class that lasts until 5:00 then I'm finished for the day.

He said good.  Now get into the bed and go to sleep.  I climbed into bed and I
heard my master and mistress talking across the room they were whispering.  I
fell asleep. 

When I awoke in the morning I was sleeping between the two.  My master had his
head in his hand and was leaning up and my Mistress had her finger up my cunt
hole and was moving it around in a circle.  He said today I will tell you what
you will be doing.  You will be going to class.  We will dress you and drive you
to class and then you will take the bus home tonight.

We got up and had breakfast.  Then the Master and Mistress took me back upstairs
and she took out some clothes.  She had a very sheer shirt and a light pink
camisole.  She also laid out a pink flowered skirt with deep slits and a pair of
high sandals. 

She pulled out a very dark paint and painted my areolas almost black or dark
brown.  She then told me to put on the camisole and shirt.  She tied the shirts
under my breast leaving my midriff bare.  She then told me to put on the skirt
and shoes.  When I walked to the mirror the slits caused the  skirt to swing
open showing my legs.  I asked her for underwear.  She slapped me across my face
and said you will always be open and available.

She then applied a lot of makeup to my face, eyes and lips.  She then showed me
what I looked like in the mirror.  You couple see my nipples through the two
shirts.  I looked like a slut.  She pulled my hair back in a long braid and she
braided flowers and ribbons into it.

She then led me to the living room and told me to lean on my back on the table
and to open my pussy for her inspection.  I climbed up and she folded my skirt
back and I fumbled around.  She slapped my slit and said pull back on both lips
and spread them.  When they were spread to her satisfaction my Master came in
and leaned down and licked me out and said that was great breakfast.  He then
attached a butterfly vibrator to my clit and shoved some type of cylinder up my
vagina.  He made sure my lips were well closed over it.  I could feel a wire
coming down between the lips and going to the butterfly.  He told me that it was
on a cycling timer and it would go off and on with out any warning. 

When I was in class I was to  keep my legs closed and crossed.  This would make
me feel the effects better.  During break I was to sit on the lawn and spread my
legs wide.  During lab I was to straddle the stools with my vagina right on the
top.  And when ever I felt like it rub it on the top of the stool but only when
some one was looking at me.  If I left any stain on the stool when class was
over I was to bend down and lick it off. 

Before I boarded the bus I was to go into the bathroom and remove the butterfly
and the battery pack.  In my knapsack there would be something for me to replace
it with.  I was not to look at it until then.

He got my book bag and gave it to me and ushered me into the car and dropped me
off in front of school. He got out and helped me out of the car.  He then pulled
me close to him and put his hands on my ass and groped them at the same time he
deep tongued me in a kiss.  Everybody was looking.  I turned bright red.  With a
slap to my rear he sent me into school.




BBW meets BDSM

Chapter 10


I looked around to see that everyone was looking.  I was so self-continuos I had
never dressed this way.  I could feel the air on my pussy.  Just then and there
the vibrating butterfly started to move on my clitoris.  I almost fell down to
the ground.  I had to get to the wall in order to support myself.  The wall
never seemed so far.  When I finally got there I faced the wall and I wanted to
grind my hips into the wall but the wall was covered with students lounging
about.  It kept on humming down there and I broke out in a cold sweat.  How was
I going to get to my class?  I could barely walk.  It finally turned off and I
raced to the classroom before it began again.  I had just sat down and it
started again.  I was sure everyone could hear it.  But when a boy sat down next
to me he didn't seem to hear the noise. 

I remembered that my Master told me to cross my legs and when I did the feelings
became even more profound.  I gasped and then the boy next to me noticed how I
was dressed and started to talk to me.  Complementing me on my shirt and skirt. 
I couldn't answer him.  Finally the instructor started to speak but I found I
could not keep my mind on what he was saying.  My private area was just ablaze. 
Finally it stopped.  It cycled every 10 to 15 minutes and kept on buzzing for
5-10 minutes in-between.

Finally class was over and I found a cool spot on the grass and spread my legs
out.  The cool air that spread over my cunt felt great now.  It caused some of
the moisture to evaporate. 

It was time for my science lab.  I got into the classroom and sat in the back
row in the farthest seat.  I straddled the stool with a leg on each side.  This
caused my pussy and clit to come in direct contact with the seat of the chair
and put pressure on them.  I thought I was safe.  People came into class.  No
one sat next to me.  However when I got up from class there was a ring where my
cunt had been.  I leaned down and licked the seat clean and when I looked up I
noticed my instructor looking at me strangely.  He started to approach me and I
ran out of there as fast as I could.

I remembered that my Master told me to go to the bathroom.  I went into the
bathroom and there were girls in front of the mirror.  I quietly went into the
stall and reached under my skirt and removed the battery pack and the butterfly. 
It was kind of stuck on me and when I pulled to remove it I just got hotter
because it pulled on my sensitive clitoris.

I finally got it off and pushed it into my knapsack.  I reached in and removed
the package.  I unwrapped it and found a human size dildo in there. I tried to
insert it but it wouldn't go in all the way the way I was standing.  The stall
door opened and there stood my instructor and he said you need some help.  I was
mortified.  I couldn't look at him.  He instructed me to come out of the stall
and bend over the sink.  I could see all the girls were gone.  He told me he
locked the door.  He sawed his fingers into me and spread my lips and in one
shove he implanted the dildo into my pussy.  It was huge and when he shoved it
in I moved forwards against the sink and started to hump it.  He said no, none
of that and he unzipped his pants and told me to thank him for his help.

I put his penis into my mouth and started to suck it until he came in a spurt of
hot liquid, which went down my throat.

He let me go and I got up and left the bathroom.  I went to the bus stop and
paid my fare and got on.  The bus ride was at least 1 hour with all the stops. 
I sat down and it pushed the dildo further into me.  With every bump it would
cause the dildo to move and soon I wanted to come but if I did I knew my Master
and Mistress would be furious.  So I just kept it on edge.


(c) zone 1999




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  zone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





