BDSM Library - GWU Alumni Part 1 - A Slut is Born




GWU Alumni Part 1 - A Slut is Born
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the first of several planned sequels to Good Wife University. In Part I, Darlene, Katy, and Maria deal with financial woes.
GWU Alumni

Author: bobbi Jo bobbijo@operamail.com


The GWU Alumni stories are sequels to 'Good Wife University (GWU).' If you like
this story, you will also like the original, available through
http://www.asstr.org author's pages or at http://www.freespeech.org/bjserotica
if you don't like ftp.

My thanks to Mike Ink for his excellent editorial work. Any remaining errors are
mine, probably added after his almost flawless proofing because I never stop
playing with the words.

-=*I*=-




Part 1 - Chapter One

Darlene: A Slut is Born


Darlene waited with Dwayne, waving to the rest of GWU's latest graduating class
as they left the grounds of the old school complex.

"So what's your plan for our weekend with no kids?" Darlene asked her husband.

"We're in the cottage right behind the school. I picked it so we can walk to the
dining room. You don't want to cook, do you?"

"You just want to ogle the naked babes," Darlene accused.

"Oh, the eye candy will be nice, but I'm pooped. At least this is," he told her,
lifting his spent prick.

"Not for long, I hope? I'm horny."

"Then you better find someone else. It's not my fault. You're the one who wanted
me to take on the single kids."

"And you enjoyed every second."

"Yeah, I did," he agreed.

"Let's get some supper," Darlene grinned. Still nude except for wedge sandals,
she led her equally nude husband to the dining room, giving her bottom some
extra wiggles for his benefit. Dwayne dawdled behind her just to enjoy the view.

'This is so much better than arguing all the time,' Darlene thought. Before GWU,
she would have been pissed off that he wasn't walking at her side. Now she knew
that he was enjoying her backside and was pleased that he still wanted to look.
She was even more pleased with the weight she had lost. She planned to lose a
few more pounds. Now that she was hooked on daily exercise, it was going to be
easy.

Darlene chose a seat with some of the staff members and asked, "Are there enough
boy toys this weekend?"

"Just," Lucy replied. "Some will have to share."

"Could Dwayne help?"

"An offer I won't refuse. Are you up to it?" Lucy asked.

"What's going on?" Dwayne asked, tearing his eyes away from the many exposed
nipples, bushes, and tushes.

"Remember me talking about boy toys? Guys for the single girls to practice with?
Or on? Wouldn't you like to get sucked by another virgin?"

"I already did that. Besides, I'd rather watch you get sucked by lots of
people."

"Or fucked," Darlene laughed.

"And," Dwayne grinned, emphasizing, "Sucked _AND_ fucked."

"You really do like watching, don't you?"

"Yes," he replied, becoming more serious. "But it's more than that. I was glad
when you told me about your, ah, problem, you know, the high hormone levels and
stuff. I...I have to confess, hon'. I was ashamed that I couldn't satisfy you,
that I wasn't man enough for you. I want you to be happy and satisfied and
fulfilled, the whole bit. Just once, I'd like to see you get fucked until you're
so sore you don't even want to think about sex for a week."

"Well, you're enough for me," she grinned, leaning over to give him a peck.

"Liar," he accused, adding, "I do get turned on by watching. I want to be last,
the one who gives you that final orgasm, the one that poops you out. I'm
serious."

"I'm getting horny just thinking about it, the possibilities," Darlene admitted.

Lucy broke in to recommend, "Just line up the girls, and go for it."

"Oh, geez. Shit!" Darlene let out a frustrated sigh. "I just finished an orgy
and it's still not enough. I always want more."

"So go for it," Dwayne told her.

"I won't cheat on you," she told Dwayne.

"It's not cheating if I tell you to do it, is it? It didn't feel like cheating
when you told me to screw around with your single classmates."

"That's it!" Darlene yelled, startling her husband and drawing the attention of
the other diners. "Tell me. Tell me to do whatever you want. Make me do it and
I'll do it."

"What you want me to tell you to do is to do what you want to do anyway, right?"

"Huh?"

"Can an uninvolved observer try to clarify?" Lucy asked. Before either of them
had a chance to answer, she continued, "Dwayne, you like to watch your wife do
sexy things like screw around with other people, right?"

"Yeah."

"And Darlene, you're highly sexed and always horny. I bet you fantasize screwing
everything that moves, don't you?" Her blush was the only answer necessary.
"You're actually proud to be married to a woman who's so desirable and sexy and
highly sexed, aren't you?" Lucy asked Dwayne.

"Yes," he smiled, leering at his wife, scanning from her pretty face down to her
erect nipples, to her nearly flat belly, to her fur-covered muff, her muscular
thighs, and then back up.

"You two are a perfect match," Lucy told them. "Darlene's a natural slut who
wants to fuck everything in sight and you're a lecherous voyeur who'd love to
watch her do it. So tell her to do it. Make her do it. The only reason she
doesn't is because she's afraid you'll hate her."

"You'll do anything I want?" Dwayne asked his wife.

"I won't rape or murder little kids, but within reason..." She let the thought
hang in midair.

"Suck my cock," he told her. "Just your mouth. Play with your pussy while you do
it."

"Here?" She had done as much already but not in front of the newest students at
GWU, never in... It was so... so perfectly nasty. Darlene tingled with arousal,
a special excitement that she felt only when she was forced to perform before an
audience. She knelt before her husband and obeyed his command.

"She is a natural," Peggy laughed. "The perfect slut wife."

"Want some advice?" Gwen asked Dwayne.

"Sure."

"Just order her around. Tell her to do the nastiest things you can think of as
long as they're OK for you. Agree on a safe word just like you would in a B and
D scene so she can opt out if it's too much. Then talk about every scene later
to see if she liked it or not and if she'd like to do it again. And tell her
honestly if you liked her doing it, OK?"

"Sounds good to me."

"Tell me what you've observed about your wife," Lucy said.

"Well, she sucks cock good."

"And?"

"Well, she's... She really likes sex." None of the staff prompted him but their
gazes told him they wanted to hear more. "I don't know what you're getting at."

"She's a slut."

"She gets off on you making her show off."

"And doing what you want."

"Especially if it's nasty."

"Naughty and dirty."

"She gets hot when she's spanked, too."

"And when she wears practically nothing in public. She tried to act embarrassed
when we made her strip. She was embarrassed but she got turned on, too."

The women around the table were shooting observations and suggestions at him so
fast that he barely had time to absorb them. Under the table, every suggestion
was like an extra stroke over Darlene's over-stimulated clitoris. Her fingers
had brought her right to the edge of a shattering orgasm when her hands were
kicked away.

"He said to play with yourself, not to come," Lucy snapped.

"I think she ought to wait until everybody in the dining room has come before
she gets to, don't you?" Gwen asked.

"She ought to have to beg for the privilege of making us come."

"With a butt plug up her ass."

"No. A tail."

Darlene was whining around Dwayne's cock, crazy with lust. Her eyes met his. He
smiled down at her. "Lick your teachers' pussies," he told her. "Put your right
finger in your butt so you won't be tempted to come, but keep playing with your
pussy with your left hand."

'No!' Darlene's mind cried. She was right handed. She had tried to diddle
herself to orgasm with her left hand. It never worked. She lost coordination in
her left hand when she got close. She knew that she was going to be one
frustrated... slut. The idea alone was enough to get her close and keep her
there as she crawled from one woman to another, licking until her jaw ached as
the women on the staff kicked her around under the table.

"Do you want to come, slut?" Dwayne's voice asked.

"Oh, yes!" Darlene cried out as she lifted her face from Lucy's crotch.

"But none of these women has come," he told her. "And neither have I. Do you
think you deserve to come?"

"Please," she begged.

"Stand up. Go to the middle of the room and tell everybody that you're a slut.
My slut. Then you can make yourself come."

"Yes, sir." She felt a flush of embarrassment as she got up. Everyone was
looking at her. Another flush of...embarrassment but it excited her. Turned her
on. So turned..."I'm a slut. I'm Dwayne's slut and I...Oh, I'm go...going...
to..."

"Don't stop!" Dwayne yelled at her. "Keep stroking. Do it hard. I want to see
you come and come."

"Oh, no!" she cried out, barely able to stand after her last explosion. Her legs
wobbled as she rubbed harder and faster, closing her eyes and..."Oh!
I'm...almost...Ah!"

--==*==--

"That wasn't too much, was it?" Dwayne asked when they made it back to the
cottage.

"Thank you," Darlene panted. "It was wonderful."

"You're in big trouble now. You know that, don't you?"

"How?"

"I may decide to pimp you out," he told her. "Imagine standing on a street
corner dressed like a whore, the whore you are, begging guys to pay you twenty
bucks for a blow job."

"No!"

"Play with yourself," he ordered. "Maybe I'll make you get a job at a topless
joint, no, one of those 'live nude girls' places that has no class at all."

"Oh, shit," she groaned.

"You won't even be allowed to wear clothes between dances. It'll be an
advertisement for lap dances."

"Oh, no. Damn. Yes! No. Please?"

"You're not even going to be allowed to have that fluff covering your pussy," he
sneered. "You'll have to get a wax job once a week, at least."

"Oh! Oooh... I'm..."

"Don't! You weren't given permission to cum yet."

"Please?"

"Finger fuck yourself," he snickered. "Don't touch your clitty button until I
say you can. When you bring me lunch every day, you'll have to strip naked in
the grease pit. I'm going to invite all the guys in there to watch while you
suck my cock."

"Pleeease..."

Dwayne had never seen a hand move quite as quickly as his wife's was at that
moment. "I might even make you suck their cocks. A quarter for a blow job. Then
you'll be a real two-bit whore."

"Oh, gawd!"

"And starting when the kids go back to school, you're going to do all the
housework naked," he told her. "Or worse. You'd look good in chains. And a
collar. Maybe with a plug up your butt."

"Please, Dwayne! I need to cum." She was sobbing in frustration, right on the
edge.

"Would my slut like for me to lick her clitty button?"

"Yes!"

"Or fuck her in the ass?"

"Yes!"

"Or spank her ass for being such a nasty fuckin' slut?"

"Anything!"

"Show me the dungeon again," he grinned.

"NO! Oh, please."

"Now," he told her. His tone was soft but firm. "Put on your highest heels and
lead me to the dungeon."

"I'm going to go crazy."

"I like you crazy."

"You're a cruel master," she pouted.

Once they were in the basement, Dwayne secured his wife in the sex swing. Then
he got comfortable on a padded stool between her thighs. He managed to keep her
weeping and frustrated for over an hour before she finally cried out, "Red!"

"Red? As in safe word?" Dwayne asked.

"Yes," his wife panted. "I'm sorry. I, well, I'm getting numb. It's not fun any
more. Do something else besides just licking me and backing off."

"Like what? Smacking your butt with a paddle?"

"Oh, no! Please! I've got to come!"

"I want to try out some of these things," he told her, going to the wall where
the whips, crops, floggers, and paddles were displayed. He was testing her. Did
she want to stop the game or did she just want him to stop licking her clit?

"Please, Dwayne. Oh, you're so cruel. I need to cum!"

"When I'm ready." He hoisted her ankles until her legs pointed straight up and
her bottom was exposed, and swung the leather slapper paddle at a cheek.

"Ow! That hurt. Oh, please."

She didn't safe word. Now he knew that she didn't really want him to stop. But
what now? He warmed her bottom good, smacking her so hard that his own bottom
winced each time the paddle landed with a loud report. Still no safe word. Ah, a
big butt plug and K-Y. And still no safe word, just more begging. And a pussy
massage brought out bucking and whining and begging but no safe word. A big
dildo in her cunt elicited pants of "yes, yes, yes" but no safe word. When he
was almost pooped himself, he removed the butt plug and buggered her until he
blasted a load of come up her butt while she continued panting, "Oh, yes, yes,
yes. Oh. Oh, yes..."

Dwayne needed a few moments to recover from his orgasm, so he ordered Darlene,
"Fuck yourself," as he unfastened the Velcro strap around her right wrist. She
immediately started pumping the big dildo in and out of her dripping cunt,
groaning and thrashing in the nylon harness that held her off the floor.

"Can I please cum now?" she screamed.

"Wait," he ordered.

"Oh, no! Please! I'm begging. Please, lover? Oh..."

Sweat was dripping from her butt cheeks and ears. Tears rolled down her face
from the corners of her tightly closed eyelids. Semen oozed from her recently
fucked asshole.

"You are such a slut," Dwayne laughed. "You may come when I tell you. Cum when I
get to zero. Ten."

"Please. Please. Don't make me wait!"

"Nine." It was fun making her wait, especially now that she was twisting, her
legs fighting the nylon webbing, her tits jiggling deliciously.

"Please!"

"What will you do for me if I let you cum?"

"Anything. Everything."

"Eight. Seven. Siiiix. So you'll give me rim jobs? Lick my asshole?"

"Oh, yes."

"In front of a crowd?"

"Anything," she sobbed. "Please let me cum."

"Five if you suck on a dog's dick."

"Yes!"

"Four if you'll fuck a horse."

"Oh, please."

"Will you do it?"

"Yes, damn it. Anything! Just let me cum."

"Then get ready, slut. Because it's three...two...one...cum!"

Darlene instantly bucked up, driving her pussy onto the down- thrusting dildo.
She closed her legs as best she could and madly strummed over her clit,
screaming so loud that Dwayne was afraid the whole school was going to burst in
to see what was the matter.

"Thank you, thank you, oh thank you, lover," she was sobbing. "That was wild.
Fantastic. The best ever."

Dwayne sat back down on the stool to watch his wife and lover. He would never
have dreamed that she would describe being spanked and ass fucked before having
to masturbate to orgasm as 'the best ever'. But he couldn't remember her ever
looking more excited. And she had never looked quite so satisfied as she panted,
a smile on her face. The best part was that he was hard again, hard as a rock,
aching for another bout.

"You did well for being such a horny slut," he told her. "If you want to come
again, beat my meat. You can come as many times as you want to until I shoot all
over your slut face."

"Oh, thank you," she laughed. "Can I sit on the Sybian while I beat you off?"

"Wherever you want."

"Undo me?"

"Sure." He ripped the Velcro loose from around her ankles and left wrist. "So
that was fun?"

"I hope you liked it, too," she bashfully told him.

"As soon as I cream all over your face. What's a Sybian?"

"An orgasm machine. Over there. I'll show you. See? It has a dildo that twists
and vibrates like crazy. It can get almost any woman off in no time."

"And this controls it?" he asked, examining the control box attached to the half
barrel shaped machine with the dildo sticking out the top.

"Yes."

"Your nipples are hard."

"I was just thinking about nipple clamps. My pups are aching for some
attention."

"I heard about some that keep getting tighter and tighter."

"Japanese clovers," Darlene gasped. "They're wicked and they hurt like crazy."

"Show me," Dwayne ordered. "We'll put them on and you can take them off after
I've hosed your face."

"No! Please, lover. Those hurt like crazy."

Not 'red' but 'no', Dwayne smiled. "Yes," he told her.

"Oh, my gosh! Oh, please!" She begged as she got the levered clamps and showed
him how every movement made them tighten. He made her put them on her own
nipples. Darlene cried real tears as she slid a condom onto the orgasm machine's
rubber shaft and mounted it with a gasp of pleasure. She frantically stroked her
husband's cock, trying to make him come quickly but hoping he wouldn't.

He didn't. Dwayne had ejaculated more times that day then in any other day of
his life. It was going to take a while and he planned to enjoy every minute of
it. He did his best to keep Darlene in a constant state of orgasm, distracting
her from the pain in her nipples and the means of escaping the pain. She writhed
and bounced through each orgasm, the wicked clamps putting more and more
pressure on her already sensitive nipples.

An hour later, he carried his unconscious wife back to the cottage after her
last orgasm. She was on the edge when he blasted her face with semen and she
exploded when he removed the clamps and twisted her nipples. She passed out.

--==*==--

After graduation day and her first evening as Dwayne's slut, Darlene needed a
rest. So did Dwayne. But they talked. A lot.

"You really liked it?" Dwayne asked when he saw that Darlene was waking up.

"Yes." She was ashamed of liking the scene so much.

"As a regular diet or just once in a while?"

"That depends on what you mean," she answered bashfully. "I couldn't take scenes
like that all the time, but the things you said excited me."

"Which ones?"

"All of them!"

"Give me one example," he told her, adding, "What you'd like to do next that
excites you."

"You won't get mad?" Darlene asked, still not feeling secure in her new role,
afraid that Dwayne was going to blow up in a jealous rage or that he was going
to end up hating her.

"I promise." His smile did more to alleviate her fears than his words.

"OK," she sighed. "Being forced to strip in someplace public where I could get
caught. Someplace like the grease pit where somebody might see me, especially if
I was shaved down there. I know you said wax but that'd hurt too much and
spoil... Well, it... Shaving, that I... Geez, either way it would be wild,
whether I had to shave myself or bare my pussy for somebody else to do it."

"How about if I invite the whole crew into the pit with me?"

"You wouldn't!"

"Would that turn you on?"

"Like crazy but what would the guys think?"

"That you're a slut, which you are," he smiled. "Now let's talk limits. What's
too much?"

"Anything that might hurt the kids. Actually, anything that might hurt anybody,
including me. Pain's OK, but not injury. Nothing with vomit or shit except,
well... OK, no vomit but a little stink around a butt hole is OK once in a
while."

"That's it?"

"All I can think of right now," Darlene told her husband. "But you have to tell
me to do it so I know it's all right with you."

"Do you have any idea how nasty my fantasies can be?"

"Tell me," she cooed, snuggling against him. "Ooh, you're hard."

"Piss hard on. I've got to pee."

Did she dare? "Want to pee on me? Ever since we talked about far out stuff like
water sports, I've wondered about it."

"I think you ought to drink it from my dick so I don't even have to get up,"
Dwayne told her.

She was tempted. A jolt of arousal ran through her body raising goose bumps. But
drinking piss? Was she that nasty?

"Can I say, 'not today'?"

"Are you safe wording?"

"No. If you really want me to drink your piss, I'll do it but I don't think I'm
really ready to go that far. Can't we, well..."

"Get in the bathroom and sit on the toilet," Dwayne ordered his wife. "On the
bare porcelain bowl, not the seat."

"Yes, sir," she smiled. Just nasty enough. The cold on the back of her thighs,
her legs spread, the fear of the unknown, the nastiness of what was going to
happen, it was all so perfect when Dwayne stood in front of her and aimed at her
breasts. It was so warm, a sharp contrast to the cold porcelain. And fragrant.
Fresh piss didn't have that nasty ammonia smell. But letting a naked man piss on
her, even if he was her husband, was so naughty. Her hands cupped her breasts,
spreading the yellow liquid over them. Pinching and pulling on her nipples
seemed a natural thing to do.

"That was disgusting," Dwayne said. Pissing on his wife didn't arouse him at
all. He hoped that she wouldn't want him to do so very often, if ever. "Now warm
the shower so you can wash us," he ordered.

"Yes... would you like for me to call you 'master'?"

"Why not 'Most Omniscient Lord, Master of all that he can see'? You choose the
term of respect that you use when you address me, but you'll be disciplined if I
don't think it's appropriate, OK?"

"Thank you, master."

"So what disciplinary measures might be appropriate?" Dwayne asked as he joined
his wife in the shower, stepping behind her to soap the breasts that he loved so
much.

"Seriously? That'll be tough, because spanking and bondage turn me on. I guess
the harder whips and stuff, especially a cane."

"That'd leave a mark," Dwayne frowned. "I don't really want to leave marks on
this perfect skin. A little red is all right, but not welts. That's not for me.
It spoils my view."

"It probably wouldn't be very good punishment anyway. I kind of liked the tingle
that the welts left when we did our day of heavy sado-masochism."

"A chastity belt might be the..."

"That's it! I'd die if I was turned on and couldn't cum. They told us that the
main reason for chastity belts was to prevent masturbation. Oh, geez, that'd
be... But you wouldn't make me wear one too long, would you?"

"Where do I find..."

"They have catalogs inside. But they're pretty expensive."

"Shave your pussy. Now."

"Yes, master," Darlene answered. As she got her husband's shaving cream and
razor, she prayed that he wouldn't make her go to breakfast with her freshly
shaved pussy exposed. But at the same time, shaving her pussy aroused her
because she knew that he probably _was_ going to show her off in the dining room
and probably all over the school grounds.

"Get the hair out of your butt crack, too. I want you bare all the way up your
belly. I'm going to pull out any hair I find."

She had to pull her legs to her shoulders and put her elbows behind her knees to
twist into a position to shave her butt crack. It was a terribly humiliating
position... that aroused her even more. So did masturbating while standing in
the middle of the dining room, her pussy glistening with the butter he made her
spread over her smooth lips.

After breakfast, they checked out the catalogs of sex toys. Darlene gave her
husband a tour of the playrooms and described the homemade toys that could be
made from materials in local stores. There were even a couple of chastity belts
in the dungeon for them to look at and for Darlene to try on.

"You like nipple torture, don't you?" Dwayne asked as they went through the
toys.

"I'd call it 'rough stimulation'. It was torture for some of the girls. Most of
them would have safe worded in the clovers. To me, torture's something like
burning my nipples with hot irons or cigarettes or something that causes real
injury. Even though the nipple clamps hurt like crazy, all the squeezing things
get me going."

"Just your nipples?"

"Pretty much. We tried boob stocks. There. See? They go on like this."

"If I was making something like this, I'd make the bottom bigger and carve 'em
out to make kind of a wooden support bra," Dwayne said as he checked out the
breast crushers. "I could even make one with springs and maybe a chain or rope
to a gag. As long as you kept the gag in your mouth, you wouldn't be squeezed
too hard, but if you spit it out, it'd squash you."

"Sounds interesting."

"How about gags?"

"You've got to wear one to understand."

"OK," he agreed, choosing one. He was surprised how difficult it was to get into
his mouth. And how uncomfortable a big ball gag could get after just a few
minutes. But he left it in as he checked out the stocks and pillory, gesturing
to Darlene to come over so he could check the size and measurements and
adjustments. Then he locked Darlene into one of the devices for an hour of
teasing before he made her come with his hands.

"Move like this," Darlene laughed when he finally removed the big ball gag from
his mouth, to find his jaw almost paralyzed into the open position.

"How can you stand that?" he asked, wiping off his slobber.

Darlene took the gag and washed it in the sink using disinfectant soap that was
there for just that purpose. "You picked a really big one," she told him. "There
are soft ones that are just as effective for enforcing silence but aren't as
cruel. They squish down when you bite into them. And then you can always use a
smaller one. I can make noise around them but it just comes out gibberish. If
you really want silence, a pair of panties inside and duct tape outside is
best."

"I'll remember that. What about..." They spent the whole day exploring. Dwayne
wore a small butt plug to dinner to see what it was like. Darlene was secured in
a chastity belt; a leather one with plugs for her pussy and asshole. Dwayne made
her wear it for a strenuous exercise session in the afternoon, releasing her
only after she had urinated while wearing it. "Not sanitary," he noted.

As evening approached, they soaked in the hot tub by the lake, and ended
Saturday with a dip and gentle lovemaking on the pebble beach until the
mosquitoes drove them back to the cottage and bed. They were leaving early
Sunday to relieve Dwayne's sister from babysitting duty.




Part 1 - Chapter Two

Darlene: Slut Wife


Only a few weeks after leaving GWU, Darlene decided that she and Dwayne were
slipping into another rut. Dwayne worked too hard and too much. Even the
quickies at lunchtime ended when she started working at the preschool and day
care center. Neglected wasn't what Darlene wanted to feel, but was how she felt.

If Dwayne's long work hours weren't bad enough, football season had started,
too. Dwayne was a Redskins fan, but he also watched almost every college and
professional game that was broadcast on Saturday and Sunday.

"Ken's having a football party on Sunday," Dwayne announced when he finally got
home Friday evening. 'Football parties' were just the guys from work getting
together for beer, munchies, and a day in front of a TV. "What? No comment?"

"Am I going to become a football widow again this year?"

Dwayne looked guilty. He felt guilty. He knew he was neglecting his wife. They
hadn't made love in days. And now he planned to go out to drink beer and watch
football with the guys again. 'I guess I should stay home,' he thought. Then
inspiration struck.

"No, you are not going to be a football widow. This year, you're going to be a
football fans' serving slave. You will do anything and everything I tell you to,
got it?"

Just hearing the word 'slave' sent a tingle through Darlene's body. Her
imagination immediately began flashing pictures of what Dwayne might make her
do. "Yes, master."

"OK, football slave," he told her. "Spend a few dollars from your salary and buy
a collar that says 'Dwayne's Slave'. Bring that and your cheerleading outfit to
Ken's house on Sunday. And get those clothes off. Now!"

Darlene opened her mouth to object, but her mind flashed a scene of her serving
munchies in that outfit, being leered at by Dwayne's co-workers. She imagined
him ordering, 'No panties.' And she was horny. Frustrated. She took off the
baggy shorts and baggier T-shirt while she glared at her husband, still a little
angry. Then he got the toy box out of the closet and ordered her to the back
yard.

"I can't go outside like this," she protested.

"Slaves have no choice," he told her. "I'll gag you and carry you out if I have
to."

"Well, you'll have to," she snapped, hoping to goad him into action. It worked.
Nylon cuffs tightened around her wrists and a rope wrapped around her ankles.
Dwayne threw her over his shoulder and carried her to the back yard, giving her
bare bottom stinging swats as he walked. Once in the back yard, he sat her on a
swing on the kid's swing set, eliciting a shrill squeal as her bare bottom made
contact with the cold metal.

"I need another set of cuffs," he grumbled as he secured each of her wrists high
up on the chains. He held her legs out straight and looped the rope around an
ankle, then tied it off high on the chain. Her legs still had lots of freedom.
She could even pull up on the wrist cuffs to lift herself off the cold seat.

It was a familiar position, one that she loved. She liked being eaten while in
bondage, especially when she was exposed outside the house. The danger of being
seen by a neighbor or the kids or a cop or whoever added an extra bit of
excitement. She loved being fucked. She loved the stars, the crisp air, and
being teased until she agreed to be a slut cheerleading slave maid for a bunch
of beer drinking football fans next Sunday.

--==*==--

"This is embarrassing," Darlene blushed, standing in Ken and Judy's kitchen.
"I... Well, I promised... It's like this. It's a fantasy and well, I'm... I
promised Dwayne I'd be his... I'm supposed to be a maid for all the guys and
show off a little and..."

"I know," Judy laughed. They weren't close friends but they had known each other
for two years and were something more than just acquaintances. "Ken told me
about your little visits to hubby at the shop. He says you promised Dwayne to do
anything he says."

"Yeah," Darlene answered bashfully, looking at the tabletop, unable to meet
Judy's eyes.

"Well, go ahead," Judy laughed at her older friend. "I'm going to be a Dallas
Cowboy cheerleader. According to Ken, Dwayne's been bragging about your new
outfit. Is it really as nasty as I've heard?"

"I don't even know," Darlene giggled. "A while back I surprised him by dressing
up in my daughter's junior high cheerleader outfit. It was way too short and way
too tight. At first, he said that he wanted me to wear it today. Then he changed
his mind and said that he got something special for the party. He kept it at the
shop. The guys have all seen it, but I haven't."

"I haven't seen my outfit either. I'll kill Ken if it's as bad as yours sounds.
Mine's in our bedroom. I guess yours is too. Is that what was in the bag Dwayne
brought?"

"Yeah," Darlene blushed. "We stopped by the shop after church to pick it up."

Judy was cute and young, around twenty-two. Darlene hadn't asked. She taught
aerobics classes and had the body to prove it. Her long, light brown hair was
always in a ponytail, but her most striking feature was her big amber eyes. At
least, that's what Darlene noticed first. Men tended to see her legs, often
noting that, "you can see daylight between her thighs."

In the bedroom, Judy quickly stripped to her bikini panties and opened the box
with her uniform, a cheap imitation of the standard uniform for Dallas Cowboys
Cheerleaders but more revealing. "I should have guessed," Judy laughed as she
put it on.

Although Darlene continued exercising after leaving GWU, she still carried extra
weight in her butt and thighs. Her bust remained large, giving her an hourglass
figure that most men loved. Judy reminded Darlene of Debbie, another fitness
nut, with the same bouncy personality and bubbling energy. Judy was already
dressed before Darlene managed to undress and open her bag.

"Ditto," she groaned when she looked in the bag. She pulled out the garment on
top that consisted mostly of thin elastic straps, hardly more than strings.

"The guys are going to love you in that," Judy giggled. "Even Ken."

"He won't even look at me," Darlene contradicted. "He'll only see you."

"Variety's the spice of life. He's already seen me naked."

"And me almost naked."

"And he talked about your butt until I was ready to kill him."

"You're kidding." Darlene was really surprised... and secretly pleased.

"No, I'm not. He says I could use a little more padding, especially up here,"
the younger woman chuckled, cupping under her bust.

"I have too much," Darlene sighed, twisting the little garment around again. "I
guess it'd spoil the effect if I wore panties with this."

"Doesn't it have one attached?"

"Yes, but it's crotchless. Split all the way and it has a keyhole opening in the
front, see?"

"Boy, he really does want you to show off your sexy body."

"Do you really think I'm sexy looking?"

"Definitely," Judy told her, careful not to add 'in a mature way' or any other
qualifier. Darlene was definitely sexy, a fox at any age, but especially for a
mid-thirties housewife. She had lost thirty pounds since early spring, which was
the last time Judy had seen her.

Darlene pulled the maid costume up her legs and positioned the two strings
firmly up in her butt crack and the elastic waistband over the swell of her
hips. Garter straps were attached to the elastic waistband to tickle her bare
butt cheeks. There was a shiny black satin front to the bottom but the keyhole
shaped cutout exposed all of her pussy and some bare flesh surrounding it. A
semi-sheer, lace-trimmed apron barely covered the cutout but the slightest
movement left her completely exposed. The top was of the same shiny black satin.
A small panel over her midriff and an underwired half-cup bra with wide-set
straps attached to a lacy white collar that closed around her neck with Velcro.
Judy helped tie the string that snugged the underwires under Darlene's breasts.
White semi-sheer, lace-trimmed cups covered her breasts but her dark areolas
showed through the thin fabric.

"These stick on with Velcro," Darlene noted, pulling one of the cups away, then
carefully replacing it.

"And fishnet stockings," Judy laughed. "Men. They're all the same."

"I've never worn fishnet stockings in my life," Darlene laughed, pulling one up
her legs.

"They're uncomfortable in heels," Judy told Darlene. "I wore a costume kind of
like yours last Halloween except it wasn't quite as skimpy. It came with fishnet
pantyhose."

They discovered that standard garter snaps were hard to fasten onto the fishnets
that Dwayne had bought, but they managed. "You look absolutely sluttish," Judy
chuckled.

"I keep telling myself that I promised," Darlene groaned. "But I just can't go
out in this. I just... Oh, shit. I promised. What's worst of all is that
everybody will probably smell how turned on I am."

"Whatever floats your boat," Judy laughed, picking up pompons and skipping out.

"Wow!" the men gasped when they saw Judy. "Double wow!" Ken added when Darlene
appeared. The other men were struck dumb.

Dwayne smiled, proud of his wife--her body, her breasts, her
bravery--everything. "Love it, hon'," he smiled, getting up to French her deeply
and cup his hands on her bare bottom to the hoots from his co-workers.

She was a little afraid Dwayne would want her to service all the men in some
way, but there was just some playful touching. And lots of showing off. When
Darlene shed the heels because they were so uncomfortable, the men asked for
half-time entertainment, so both wives danced to the band music. The bra cups
were snatched off early in the second half. Judy refused to remove her top,
saying she couldn't compete with Darlene's boobs.

Calvin suggested that Darlene shave. Dwayne told him, "Maybe next time."

"What? You're going to have me nude?"

"Would you mind?" he asked.

"Not if it turns you on," she answered after a moment of thought.

"It definitely does that," he told her, with all eight of his co-workers
agreeing enthusiastically.

"Well I'm turned on, too," she told him, smiling. "You're definitely going to
get worked over when we get home."

"You, too."

Midway through the late game, Darlene called home again to check on the kids.
Jennifer reported that David, Katy and Crystal were already asleep in bed but
that David wouldn't go to sleep when he was told to. "Donnie and me are just
going to bed now. Are you and dad having fun?"

"Yes. See you in the morning."

"Are you going to pay me tomorrow morning?" Jennifer asked.

"First thing," Darlene promised. "Good night."

Dwayne made Darlene wear the sexy outfit for the ride home. Actually, all he had
to do was ask, and play with her pussy while he drove. He licked her pussy in
the living room, then helped pick up the mess the kids left, then ate her pussy
again in the bedroom. Darlene was in heaven when he finally fucked her while she
frigged herself to another orgasm before falling asleep in the outfit.

--==*==--

For the rest of the fall, Dwayne's family got into a groove rather than a rut.
Monday through Saturday were for work and the kids. The family never missed a
ball game, school event, or teacher conference. After church on Sunday was
reserved for football and sex.

Darlene was careful to dress conservatively most of the time. She limited her
flashing and 'wife slut' scenes to a small group of Dwayne's coworkers. She
didn't want her kids teased or harassed about her dress or behavior. Once in a
while, she let  [Image] Dwayne talk her into wearing an extra short skirt or
showing cleavage out in public, if they were reasonably sure that they wouldn't
meet anyone who might object.

Darlene stayed hooked on the Internet, learning more about the family computer.
She regularly chatted on-line with her old classmates and professors from GWU on
a closed channel or in GWU's password protected 'family' listserv. Each time she
sat down at the workstation, she set a kitchen timer to remind her when it was
time to log off. Without that reminder, she had often forgotten the time and
neglected necessary chores.

With her travels about the adult entertainment circuit, Lucy used e-mail through
the listserv and chats to stay in touch with her friends, most of whom were
connected with GWU. Lucy expressed strong opinions about almost everything, but
especially nude dancing and her own independence. Clarice and others, including
her mother, were always after Lucy to settle down to married life. Lucy insisted
that she was a free spirit. "I'll settle down and get married when I'm ready."

Over the Columbus Day weekend, Darlene found Lucy in a live chat. She confessed
that the family was doing better thanks to her job in the pre-school but moaned
about the car breaking down and never having enough money.

 We hv nuthin in savings agn

 Uv told me how u get off showing ur bod. Get paid 4 it

 Rite. me? strip? who'd pay me? maybe to keep my clothes on LOL

 Ud b surprised

Lucy said she was performing at a club in Maryland in a few weeks. "It's less
than an hour's drive from your place. Give it a try, gal." What finally
convinced Darlene was when Lucy suggested that it would please Dwayne. "He likes
for you to show off. You might as well make some money off it. I bet he'll
really get off on it. Have him play pimp and send you out. I bet you can
convince him it's his idea."

Her timer went 'ding' so Darlene said goodbye and logged off. As she fixed
supper for the family, she kept imagining stripping nude in a club full of
strangers. In her mind, the idea seemed exciting. It was scary, but so was
showing off in front of Dwayne's coworkers the first time. Every Sunday since
the start of football season, her exhibitions had become more and more daring.
To both Darlene and Dwayne, each was also more and more exciting.

They all made her activities a game. Dwayne made unlikely bets and the other
guys bet cash against her clothing and services. The second weekend of the
season, she started out dressed in a micromini, halter, and heels with a little
decorative apron. By half time, she was down to panties and heels. At the end of
the game, she wore only the apron and heels.

As the season progressed, Darlene eventually was serving beer in the nude except
for spike-heeled shoes. Before she went beyond showing her body, Darlene
insisted that the guys get permission from their wives or girl friends. She
listened in and even talked to most of the wives and was surprised when most
agreed that she could "give him a hand job" to pay off a bet.

There were enough upsets that Dwayne collected a couple hundred dollars to put
in the family savings account. But Dwayne usually lost, and Darlene progressed
to shaving her pussy in front of the group, then masturbating for them, first
with her fingers and a week later with various toys and vegetables, and finally
allowing them to fondle and suckle her nipples.

Darlene and Dwayne had to pick up the kids and Maria after the guys left. It had
been their turn to host the football party. Maria took their brood to the zoo
and a movie. She loved it.

"The more kids, the better," Maria told Darlene with a smile.

Maria and Jennifer had remained fast friends since the weekend in Virginia Beach
during their GWU session. On the way to the zoo, Darlene asked her husband, "How
far do you want this to go?"

He knew exactly what she was talking about. "I was hoping you'd want to talk
about it. All the guys want to fuck you but..."

After a few moments of silence, Darlene spoke again. "I know. That giant 'but'.
I don't want to commit adultery. It _is_ a religious thing for me. My problem is
that I'm not sure where to stop. I... Dwayne, love, I... Geez, how do I tell you
this?"

Dwayne pulled the car to the curb so he could face her while they talked
privately. "Be completely honest with me," Dwayne told his wife, reaching out to
take her hand.

"It's just that the idea, the fantasy of being fucked by half a dozen guys or
even a dozen or more is so... exciting," Darlene choked out, barely maintaining
her composure. "But I don't want to actually do it. It's just a fantasy. A
pretty exciting one."

"Thank God," Dwayne sighed. "I'm the same way. As a fantasy, it's wild, but I
agree with you. More than agree. I don't want anybody else fucking you."

"Which brings us back to how far I go," Darlene sighed. "I kind of like all the
guys and I already called... Would beating them off be OK?" Dwayne looked back
at his wife. "Your turn to be completely honest," she grinned. "Completely and
totally."

"My fantasy, kind of an idea, was titty fucks," he told her with a blush.

"They all _do_ kind of get off on my puppies, don't they?" Darlene giggled,
cupping under her breasts, which were now properly encased in a bra covered by a
sweatshirt.

"So do I. I was thinking maybe the line is penetration."

"I don't trust any of them enough to swallow their come, so I won't open my
mouth and eat their spunk either."

"Good. I hadn't thought of that."

"I did. I was worried we'd let things get out of hand. I... I've imagined it
all, getting fucked 'til I'm sore and stuff."

"We ought to invite Maria to do a strap-on thing," Dwayne said.

"Order her to is more like it. To really get off, she has to be forced to do
nasty things."

"That's just an excuse."

"Not for Maria. And we better get her before she goes nuts with the kids. We're
late."

But Maria had the whole brood lined up with their mouths open like hungry baby
birds, tossing pieces of popcorn at a partner across the sidewalk. From Jennifer
to Crystal, they were having a ball and Maria was joining in on the fun. "You're
incredible," Darlene laughed, opening the side door of the van.

"I just like kids," Maria smiled back, herding them in and buckling seat belts.

Crystal fell asleep in seconds and Kaitlyn, the six year old, dropped off before
they got home. Dwayne carried Kaitlyn up to bed. Maria took Crystal. Once the
kids were tucked in, the adults settled at the kitchen table.

"Thanks a world for taking the kids," Darlene told Maria again.

"I loved it. I miss my family but it was time for me to leave."

"So, how are you doing otherwise?" Dwayne asked.

"I'm broke."

"Not completely," Dwayne said, holding two twenty-dollar bills out to her.

"Thanks," she smiled. "But child care and the kitchen at Roy Rogers don't pay a
living wage. I want to go to college for at least a little bit before I get
married. Peggy would chew me out but I still don't know what I want to do with
my life other than have a bunch of babies and a big, happy family of my own."

"Clarice would be right with you," Darlene laughed.

"Come on in here, Jen'," Maria called over Darlene's head. "I see you. You're a
teenager now, almost an adult. You don't have to sneak around. Just come in and
sit down with the adults."

Jennifer sheepishly crept into the kitchen, a worried look on her face. Maria
smiled broadly and looked directly at Darlene.

"Clarice is going to spank your bottom good. Why haven't you told your daughter
about her clitoris? Jen told me about your talk, what you told her about sex. No
cock in her puss, butt, or mouth. But you didn't tell her anything else, so I'm
going to stay over and teach her to masturbate... unless you object real
strong."

Darlene's first thought was how much she liked the remnants of Maria's accent,
how she put the accent on 'tur' when she said masturbate and how she trilled the
'r' a bit. But she knew that she had been avoiding the talks she needed to have
with Jennifer and was relieved that Maria was so close to her daughter.

"I admit it. I've been avoiding it. With my kids, I'm still a little inhibited.
I guess it was the way I was brought up."

"The way _you_ were brought up? How about me? Geez," Maria growled. "Well, I
think Dwayne ought'a spank your bottom good for neglecting your motherly
duties."

"That might be fun," Darlene giggled. Then she remembered that her 14-year-old
daughter was listening.

"She knows you're kinky," Maria told Darlene. "Don't 'cha."

"Well..." Jennifer hedged.

"You've gotta have coffee if you stay up late with the adults," Maria snickered.
"I'm disappointed that you haven't offered." Darlene apologized and started a
pot. "So how are you guys doing these days?" Maria asked.

"Getting along," Dwayne answered.

"That doesn't sound real great," Maria frowned at him. Together, Dwayne and
Darlene described their non-sexual lives since leaving GWU. While things were a
little better, the couple admitted that there was always part of a month left at
the end of the money. "I know what you mean," Maria sighed. "That's why I'm
going to start working as a stripper. I'm going to save up enough money for two
years of college."

"You're not serious! You?" Darlene gasped in surprise.

"I have to," she smiled back. "I can't go back home. I have a big family, too,
and they're barely making it. You should have heard mom when I told her."

"You told your mother?"

"I won't hide anything from her," Maria said. "Well, not much, anyway. I didn't
tell her everything about GWU. But I told her I wasn't going to be promiscuous
or dirty or anything. I'm just going to take off my clothes and dance for men
who pay to see my naked body. That's all. You ought to think about it, too."

"I have. Lucy said she's going to be at a club just outside DC in Maryland. I'm
supposed to go see her. I haven't even had a chance to talk to Dwayne about it
yet."

"Or me," Jennifer said. "My mother, a stripper? Ick!"

"She'd be a beautiful stripper," Maria told the girl. "And she'd make more money
so she could get you guys some things and pay off some bills and everything. She
can work late so she's home when you get off school. She won't have to pay a
babysitter 'cause your dad will be home. It's something to think about."

"But what if somebody at school found out?"

"Why don't you tell 'em, eh? Once everybody knows, it's a 'so what?' thing, you
know?" Maria advised. "That's why I told my mom and dad." She laughed. "I even
invited my dad to come watch me so he could be sure I didn't do anything nasty.
I'll die if he actually comes to see me, though. Can you imagine?"

"Dad's seen me with no clothes," Jennifer pointed out.

"But not dancing sexy for a bunch of strangers."

"Yeah. I guess that'd be different."

"Very. So, Darlene. Are you going to try it?"

"I'll think about it. Dwayne and Jennifer and I will have to talk about it."

"I've made up my mind. It's the only job I can find that will pay enough for me
to live on my own and still go to college. I have convinced myself that I have
to, that I'm being forced to do it. It's this little voice in my mind, my mental
mistress. If you want to hear a kinky story, I'll tell you about it."

"Sure," Darlene said, glancing at her husband and daughter.




Part 1 - Chapter Three

Maria: All By Myself


Maria held out her cup for fresh coffee. As soon as Darlene filled it, she took
a sip and started her story.

"After I was dropped off at home, I made plans, you know? I wanted to be on my
own, so I needed a job. But I wanted to go to college, too. Well, I'm the
oldest. I have nine younger brothers and sisters," she said, looking at
Jennifer. "My mom and dad can't afford to pay to send me to college. I don't
know how they manage to always have enough food for everybody but they do. They
both work really hard."

"Well, I went looking for jobs. Know what kind of a job you can get when you're
nineteen and a high school graduate? Unless you know somebody, not much. You can
flip burgers or something, but you have to be over 21 and have experience and
education for most good jobs. I thought about joining the Army, but that wasn't
me, you know? I took a job at Roy Rogers and worked hard like I was taught. You
know, do the best job you can. I get paid OK but it isn't enough for me to live
on with my own place and stuff. I wanted to get out of my house, for me, for my
sisters so they'd have more room, all that. Anyway, I was at the college, you
know, in Annandale, and I saw a card on the bulletin board about this girl
looking for a roommate. Well, I called and she needed somebody to move in right
away, so I did."

"We are _totally_ incompatible," Maria laughed. "But we get along great.
Brenda's this upper crust kid who just wanted to get away from her parents.
They're rich and would have put her through college, even a private one, but she
ran off. The police came to check on her because her parents reported her
missing. They told her parents that she's an adult and they can't tell her what
to do any more."

"So I moved in and pay half the rent. Brenda doesn't cook. She never learned
how. Anyway, we talk when we get together. I work breakfast at Roy's so I have
to be at work at five-thirty in the morning. She works at Bath and Beauty in the
mall from two until closing at nine. Then she has to close the register and
stuff so she gets home about ten. We don't see a lot of each other except when
we wake each other up, which is pretty often but sometimes we get the same day
off and then we talk a lot. I talked her into going to GWU when they open back
up after President's Day next year. She'll go bonkers."

"What about you?" Darlene interrupted.

"Well, that's the best part," Maria giggled. "I had lots of time to think
because I can't afford to go out and stuff, so I stay home and I read a lot.
Anyway, this little voice inside me kept telling me, 'Maria, do this,' and
'Maria, do that.' I call that little voice my mental mistress and I'd say, 'Yes,
Mental Mistress.' If I said no, then I had to be punished but sometimes the
punishment wasn't as bad as what Mental Mistress told me to do." Maria smiled,
took a deep breath, and let it out in a long sigh. "I'm into self-bondage."

"Sounds interesting," Darlene chuckled, a little surprised but not shocked.

"Oh, yes," Maria laughed. "At first I'd just handcuff myself while I was in the
apartment. Mental Mistress would tell me when I could turn myself loose, but she
kept making it harder. I got scared and let myself loose too early. As
punishment, I had to go jogging with no bra. When I wouldn't do it again, she
made me cut off the bottom of my tank top and go jogging again. You should have
seen the looks I got." She looked at her friends. "I must sound totally nuts."

"Sounds insane to me," Dwayne teased, grinning back at her.

"Pretty much," Maria smiled back. "Did Dar' tell you about me? My Catholic guilt
thing? Well, I had nobody telling me what to do and I need that to get off so I
went a little insane, OK? A little voice inside my head took over my life. The
third day, Mental Mistress ordered me to put in my butt plug and go jogging
after I cut off another inch of the tank top. You could almost see the bottom of
my boobs."

"Just the bottom wouldn't be nearly enough for me," Dwayne said.

Then Jennifer laughed, reminding him that his daughter was there.

"I told you how visual men are," Maria laughed with the younger teenager.

"Donnie's _not_ a man," Jennifer grumbled.

"He is male. It's natural for him to want to peek at cute boobies. Just make him
pay." Maria and Jennifer grinned.

"I think I missed something," Dwayne said.

"You sure did," Maria laughed. "Donald's almost twelve and he's growing up. I
bet he pumps his pecker a dozen times every day and he's looking at girlie
pictures and beating off to them, too. What bugs Jen is that he tries to peek at
her, so she's going to confront him next time. She'll show him her boobs if he
does her chores and shows her his pecker. No touching. Just show and tell."

"I don't know," Darlene said slowly.

"No harm. They just need to set things straight, right Jen?"

"I guess."

"You need to have a talk with him, too, Mr. Dwayne."

"Yes, Mistress Maria," he answered, laughing.

"I'm serious."

"So am I," Dwayne told the youngsters. "I remember what it was like to be
twelve. I spent hours pumping my pud in the bathroom. I'm just lucky our family
wasn't big."

"I never heard 'pud' but you mean penis. Has Jen ever seen yours hard?" Maria
asked.

"I certainly hope not."

"Why not?"

"I don't really want to," Jennifer said shyly.

"OK," Maria said, turning back to the younger teenager. "But when you're ready,
ask your dad for a look. Maybe even touching. But no incest."

"I think I'll go on to bed," Jennifer told them.

"If you do, you'll miss the good parts," Maria snickered. "Or do you want
privacy to masturbate?"

"I don't know if I want to do it," the girl blushed.

"I do. You can peek. You've got to learn sometime."

"I want to hear more about your mental mistress," Dwayne cut in. "What did
mental mistress make you do next?"

Maria laughed. "Dirty old man. Well, mental mistress is telling me to tell you
all about it, so here goes. Remember our class on self-bondage where they talked
about freezing a key inside a jug?"

"No," Darlene answered.

"That's right. That was after you graduated early. Didn't you have to do
something like that for Dwayne?"

"Yeah." It wasn't a big thing. She called Dwayne and told him to come right home
because there was an emergency. Then she tied her ankles to the coffee table,
cuffed her hands over her head, and waited. He came in, saw his wife bound and
gagged with a red ball gag, and ran to turn her loose. 'You're supposed to be
turned on and fuck me,' she whined once the gag was removed. His answer was that
she didn't need to be tied down for that. So much for her experience in
self-bondage.

"I froze my handcuff key in the middle of a five quart ice cream tub," she told
her audience. "I told Brenda that it made the freezer work more efficiently. It
does, but I did it to make my bondage real where I couldn't get loose until...
well, for a while. I'd be really trapped. I did it. Mental Mistress made me do
this whole trip as punishment."

"I tied a piece of twine to the light over the tub to hold the handle from the
ice cream tub. Then I got myself ready. I put in my gag, put on my highest
heels, and tied them on my feet. You remember how to do that. Then I got the tub
of ice, cut the bottom out, and tied the handle to the string that was hanging
down. I put in my butt plug and then I tied my legs together while I was
standing in the tub. Then I put on the handcuffs behind my back. I was stuck
there until the ice melted and the key fell. Until then, I had to stand under
the drips and wait."

"Were you naked?" Jennifer asked in a whisper.

"Completely," Maria giggled. "The danger of Brenda coming home early or getting
caught by somebody else made it _so_ exciting."

No one said anything for a few minutes. Then Jennifer spoke up to ask, "Why?
Why'd you handcuff yourself?"

"Lots of reasons," Maria told her. "Mostly it's because I'm nuts. But really,
for me, I had trouble enjoying sex, even playing with myself. When I was with
your mom, they'd spank us if we didn't do what we were told..."

"Mom? Got spankings?"

"They were pretty sexy, too," Maria laughed. "Especially for me because when
somebody else made me play with myself, I could climax easy. I could tell myself
it wasn't my fault, that I wasn't sinning... OK, I'm Catholic, see? Catholics
think that sex is a sin if you don't to it for procreation. That's making
babies. But Catholics are only allowed to try to make babies after we're married
so single people can't do sex. It's this whole trip called Catholic guilt. But I
didn't feel guilty if I _had_ to do it, you know, make myself have a climax.
Does that make sense?"

"Sort of. I guess," Jennifer answered.

"Jen', everybody's different. Your mom never has trouble like me. Maybe you will
or maybe you won't, but it'll be you, and probably different from your mom, me,
your sisters, whoever. But when I had nobody to tell me what to do and threaten
to punish me if I didn't do it, I got all horny because I couldn't climax. So
Mental Mistress came along. It works for me."

"Anyway, so there I am, standing in the tub with ice water dripping on me, and
guess what happens?" She looked at Jennifer, then at the girl's parents. "I
didn't think. Since I cut the bottom out of the tub, the whole chunk of ice fell
on my head. I was lucky it was only a couple inches above me or I might have
been knocked out."

Laughing at herself, she continued, "I still had to stand there and wait for the
ice to melt before I could get the key, and once the ice melted, I had to get
down to get the key. I'm tied up, remember? My nipples were hard from the cold.
I was cold all over and through and through and that little voice from my mental
mistress ordered me to masturbate and have a climax to warm myself up. I did. It
was great.

"So now, whenever I know I need to do something, Mental Mistress makes me do it.
She's great. She makes me keep the apartment clean. If I don't, then I get
punished. And sometimes she makes me tie myself up... Until Brenda caught me."

"I thought maybe that was coming," Dwayne laughed.

"Yeah," Maria blushed. "I was about to come," she laughed. "I was vacuuming the
carpet, naked, and well, I was dressed kind of kinky. Have you experimented at
all, Dar'?"

"A little."

"Well, let me tell you about my discoveries," she said, blushing with a
combination of pride and humiliation. "I found out some neat things to use for,
ah, dildos and plugs. See, Jen', I can't afford sex toys that are made as sex
toys, so I had to come up with ideas. The small soy sauce bottle and the little
Tabasco sauce bottles are perfect size for insertion into, you know, my holes. I
tie twine tight around the neck of the bottles where the caps go on. Then I fill
them about half full of water and put the caps on to keep the water in and to
make sure the string doesn't slip off. Then I wrap the string around my cotton
rope to hold the bottles a couple inches apart. Ta da. Double dildo plugs."

Maria laughed at herself before she went on. "I slimed up both of the bottles
with some Vaseline and put them in, the Tabasco bottle in my bottom and the soy
sauce bottle in my puss. It's kind of a trick getting them in wide part first,
but they have to go in together because they're tied onto the rope. I couldn't
wrap and tie the strings onto the rope with the bottles in me. Having them half
full of water makes 'em slosh when I move and it feels weird but nice.

"Anyway, when Brenda came home, I was punishing myself. My bottles were inside
me and I'd tied my vibrator onto the crotch rope so it vibrated the knots
against my clit'. Mental Mistress made me wear my high heels all day, too, so I
had them tied to my feet with only a foot of rope between my ankles to hobble
me. I felt really submissive that day so I'd put in my ball gag and buckled it
tight. I had binder clips on my nipples and hair thingies looped through them
and attached to my dog collar to pull up on my nipples until I could get loose.
To top it all off, I handcuffed my wrists with the chain under the front of the
crotch rope so I had to undo the handcuffs first.

"I was in submissive heaven," she sighed, grinning. "Mental Mistress told me I
had to finish cleaning the whole house before I could start getting the key.
Don't look at me like that, Dar'. It was completely safe. I could have gotten
out of the apartment just like I was if there was a fire or something, and I
could have cut the ropes with scissors or a knife from the kitchen if I needed
to. But my key was outside in our back yard, frozen inside a plastic milk jug.
It was freezing out there and I had to go out to get it just like I was and then
get back inside."

"I planned it that way," Maria grinned. "The neighbors on each side can see into
our little patch of back yard from their upstairs windows, so I had to wait
until after dark. If I turned off all the lights, it would probably be dark
enough that nobody could see me, and I hoped they'd either be asleep or not
looking.

"I never made it. Brenda came home when I was running the vacuum. I didn't hear
her because of the noise. The stereo playing and my dancing might have had
something to do with not hearing her, too. Or maybe it was that I was climaxing
at the time. I had the handle of the vacuum against my crotch rope and the
bullet vibrator. I was dancing against the handle with my eyes closed and
_Pow_!"

Maria rolled her eyes up and smiled, remembering the pleasure of that orgasm.
"Have you ever climaxed when you're standing up? When you can't sit or lie down?
Isn't it intense? So I'm standing there, groaning and cumming. I finally turn
off the vacuum and open my eyes and there's Brenda, watching me. She just looked
at me and said, 'That was quite a show. You did this to yourself, didn't you?'
As if I would have been vacuuming if some rapist had come in and tied me up.
Geez, it was _SO_ obvious.

"Well, I almost died of embarrassment. At least she didn't bring anybody home
with her. To make a long story short, now she's my mistress. Kind of, anyway. We
got into tying each other up and even spanking once in a while, but we haven't
even kissed, if that's what you're thinking."

"That was exactly what I was thinking," Dwayne chuckled.

"Men," Darlene laughed. "All the same. Come here and let's give him a show."

"Watch, Jen'," Maria smiled. "Kissing a girl won't make you gay." She embraced
Darlene and tilted her head so they could tongue kiss. Both of them stroked
their fingers through the others' hair as they smooched for several minutes.
When the kiss ended, Maria turned to Jen', saying, "Come on. Time for us to have
some fun."

"And parents," Darlene added, taking Dwayne's hand.

"Let's clean up first," Maria said, picking up coffee cups. Jennifer helped
rinse the cups, then they headed to Jennifer's newly created private room in the
basement of the old home. "I usually sleep in the buff. How about you?"

"I have two brothers," Jennifer answered without further comment.

"I had five so I know what you mean," Maria smiled. "You have a robe?"

"Yes."

"Stick with that," Maria suggested. "It'll drive Donnie nuts waiting for the
belt to come undone. And if you feel like it, you can always whip it open and
say, 'Is this what you wanted to see, pervert?' Giving brothers a hard time is
part of what being a sister is all about, right?"

"You still love your brothers, don't you?"

"Of course. Just wait. In a few years, he'll come to you for advice on how to
pick up girls," Maria told Jennifer. "He'll quit trying to sneak peeks at you
and start trying to get his hands into some pretty girl's pants. My brothers
call me for advice all the time. But tonight's for you, not your brothers or me.
Ready to get naked?"

"I'm scared."

"Scared is OK," Maria told her young friend. "Actually, it's good. I stay
scared. If I wasn't scared, I might have gone wild and not used common sense. I
might be pregnant or I might have AIDS. I've finally got to where I think
logically. Thinking's better then just feeling. But right now, I feel horny. Do
you know what that means?"

"That you feel sexy?"      [Image] "More than that," Maria snickered. "Horny
means that I feel like having sex and doing something about it. But you're just
feeling scared, not sexy or horny, right?"

"I don't know," Jennifer sighed. "I feel different. I get all... I don't know,
just weird. Teenage guys are different, too."

Maria laughed. "When you were a little kid, it was OK to sleep with a guy who
was also a little kid. Now you're a woman. A young woman, but still a woman. You
need privacy. You need modesty. I went through it, too. One of the reasons I had
to get out on my own was my little sisters and brothers. At home, there was no
way for me to get any privacy. It's nice that your dad fixed you up a room in
the basement."

"Kind of a room."

"I think it's neat," Maria said, looking around. The walls were covered with
sheet rock and painted plain white. The outside of the walls were still bare 2x4
studs with cables running to the boxes for the outlets Dwayne had put in. "At
least you have privacy. Do you do stuff like get naked and play with your
clitoris so you can climax? Have you ever had one, an orgasm?"

"I don't know," Jennifer squeaked. "I don't think so."

"Then you haven't. I sure knew when _I_ had my first one. That was just last
summer, too."

"When you were at the retreat with mom?"

"Yes," Maria smiled. So 'retreat' was how Darlene explained her absence to her
kids. Maria waited for another question. When Jennifer didn't speak, Maria asked
her, "Do you know where your clitoris is?"

"I think so."

"Do you ever touch it so it feels good?"

"No." Her answer came out as a tiny squeak.

"When I was your age, I didn't either," Maria laughed. "No privacy and besides,
I thought it was a sin."

"Yeah," Jennifer softly acknowledged. "At Sunday school, they said that sex
before marriage is wrong."

"Sex with a guy, going all the way. Intercourse is the term. Do you know what
that is?"

"Oh, yes," Jennifer answered, rolling her eyes around. "The man inserts his
penis..." She repeated what she had learned in school Sex Ed with no
embellishment.

"Good. So, will a man's penis fit in you?"

"I guess," Jennifer shrugged.

"Well, a baby can come out of there," Maria chuckled. "So smaller things can fit
in. I like the feel of things inside me. I'm going to love fucking when I'm
married. What? What's wrong?"

"The f-word. I'm not supposed to say it."

"Me neither. But it's easier to say then intercourse or other technical names.
It's like saying pussy instead of vagina or pussy lips instead of labia. It's OK
between us girls. Are you ready to get naked now?"

"I'm kind of tired."

"And a little chicken," Maria said, smiling at the fourteen- year-old next to
her. "Can I get naked and play with myself? I get a special kick if somebody
watches me. It makes my climax more powerful. Would that be OK?"

"I guess," Jennifer blushed.

"Thank you," Maria told the youngster seriously. "I was afraid you might be so
scared that I'd have to hide in the bathroom to get off. I can climax two or
three times. Do you say climax, orgasm, or cum or what?"

"The girls at school say big-O," Jennifer giggled, blushing again. "They talk
about it. Some of them have been with guys."

"I feel sorry for them," Maria said. "It's better to wait. I'm glad I waited.
But I do wish I'd learned to make myself have a big-O sooner. It feels good and
helps me get to sleep. And when a guy is nice but I'm not ready to screw with
him, I can come home and relieve my sexual tension. Like this."

Maria peeled off her sweatshirt and reached back to unhook her bra. She spent a
moment scratching around the bottom of her breasts before she got up off the bed
to remove her jeans, taking her panties down with them. "I told you I was
weird," Maria laughed. "Last summer I tried shaving and got ingrown hairs that
itched like crazy. The ladies said I should try a depilatory cream like Nair.
Nair's expensive but I found some that's less expensive and I tried it. I like
it. I don't get ingrown hairs, and it's supposed to keep the hair from growing
back in so thick, and what does come back is supposed to be lighter and thinner
then if I shaved or just left it. I'm experimenting, see?"

Jennifer put her hand over her mouth to stifle a giggle. Maria's pubic patch was
thin and light on one side, dark and curly on the other and one spot was
completely bare.

"I do my bikini line every spring because my hair's so thick and dark. Next
spring I'm going to make my bikini line my whole crotch. Now," she said, putting
her left hand on her mons and using her fingers to separate her outer labia, "A
woman's clitoris--I usually just say clit--is right here where the inner pussy
lips meet, see? Mine's small like the eraser on the end of a pencil. I saw
everyone else's last summer and most are kind of small like mine. I've heard of
a clit as big as a thumb. Your mom has the biggest one I've ever actually seen
myself. Can I see yours?"

When Jennifer just blushed and looked down at her hands folded in her lap, Maria
said, "It's OK. I wouldn't have shown my pussy when I was your age, either. But
I am very, very horny. I get off lots of ways. If I use my fingers, it's slow
and nice. When I want it quick, I use my vibrator. With a vibrator, it's easy to
get off without working at it. Do you have some baby oil or something?"

Jennifer went to her dresser, picked up a tube of hand lotion, and brought it
back to the bed. "Is this OK?"

"Fine," Maria smiled, squeezing a dab onto the fingers of her right hand. She
used the left to open her labia again, then spread the cream with her fingers
and began to rub. "I like to put one finger on each side of my clit and go up
and down until I'm about to pop. I can't stand to touch my clit when I start
out. It's too sensitive even when my little hood covers it, see?"

"That's OK," Jennifer said after a quick glance.

"Yes, it's OK," Maria sighed. "Very OK. It feels so good." Mental Mistress was
making her masturbate in front of a teenager that she really wanted to ravish
with pussy licking and fingers. But mental mistress wouldn't let her touch the
girl, reminding Maria of how she would have felt in the same circumstances at
the same age.

Maria laid back, bent her knees, and pulled her legs up. She squeezed more
lotion onto her fingers, then divided it between her hands. Wedging her elbows
behind her knees, she stuck her left index finger in her anus and her thumb in
her pussy. "That feels so good," she moaned as the fingers of her right hand
began to work on her clit more forcefully.

Before long, Maria was moaning continuously. She used her thumb to pull the hood
back from her clit and began strumming her love button with her fingertips like
a flamenco guitarist. That sent her over the top. She tried to keep her cries
quiet. Mental Mistress told her that she was gagged so she wouldn't wake the
rest of the family. Then all the tension in her body abandoned her and she
collapsed. "Wow," Maria sighed. "I needed that."

When Maria didn't move for some minutes, Jennifer asked, "Are you all right?"

"Wonderful," Maria smiled, opening her eyes. "That was nice but I want to come
again." She opened the athletic bag that she brought and dug around inside until
she found the battery powered vibrators hidden in the bottom. "A nice, easy,
quick one helps me get to sleep. Want to try one?" Maria held out a bullet
vibrator.

"Not right now."

"Want to practice French kissing?"

"Not right now."

"Chicken. Hey, you're still dressed. Get naked, girl," Maria teased.

"I usually sleep in pajamas. I don't think I could sleep naked," Jennifer said.

"I sleep naked," Maria smiled. "So get into your PJs."

"I've got to go to the bathroom," Jennifer said, quickly grabbing her
nightclothes and running out. Maria heard the basement stairs creak, then the
rattle of the old pipes when the toilet flushed. She twisted the bottom of her
medium size vibrator and slid it between her labia to rest beside her clit. When
Jennifer got back, Maria was slowly stroking with her right hand while her left
hand held the vibrator in place.

"Don't you put it in you?" Jennifer whispered.

"I have, but they're awful hard and not very comfortable," Maria replied. "If I
want something inside me, I prefer soft but firm unless it's for punishment.
I've used lots of stuff, but a dildo that's made for it works best. Would you
get my dildo, please?"

"OK," Jennifer answered. Her uncertain tone was obvious.

"And a couple of rubbers," Maria added. "It's easier to put a rubber on sex toys
than it is to clean them."

Jennifer found three rubber objects in Maria's bag. "Which one?" she asked.

"All of them."

Jennifer laid all three on the bed.

"Rubbers?" Maria prompted.

"Latex condoms," Jennifer smiled, tossing the strip of foil packages beside the
dildo. "We learned about them in school."

"They told you that they're not fool proof, too, didn't they?"

"Yes. 'Abstinence is the only sure way to prevent disease transmission or
pregnancy'," Jennifer said in a poor imitation of her teacher's voice.

"Have you ever filled one up with water?"

"No."

"Come on." They both ran up the creaky basement stairs to the kitchen. Maria
pulled out the spray hose, put one of the condoms on the nozzle, and pressed the
button. The pair giggled and poked at the ballooning latex as it filled the sink
and still hadn't burst. "I guess we better stop before we make a big mess,"
Maria said.

"Let's pop it," Jennifer giggled, grabbing a meat fork from the holder by the
stove. She poked a hole in the side and was surprised to see a tiny stream of
water squirt out rather then a sudden burst.

"It's not a balloon," Maria grinned, turning the stream toward Jennifer.
Jennifer threatened with the fork. Then they both burst into giggles. "Sshhh.
We'll wake everybody up."

"And they'll see you naked," Jennifer snickered.

"Well, I'm going to take a job stripping so I guess I might as well get used to
it."

"Mom, too." Jennifer was suddenly serious. "My worst nightmare is getting to
school and finding out that I forgot to get dressed."

"I had the same nightmare," Maria laughed. "It's different when you're older. I
used to hate my body. Now I like it. Do you like your body?"

"Yick." They finally emptied the rubber and threw it in the kitchen trash.
Jennifer made sure it was covered up. Then they went back down to Jen's room and
talked about body image and the changes she should expect. They spent most of
their time talking about hair and pimples and clothes rather than boobs or sex.
They kept talking until Jennifer yawned.

"I guess it's time for sleep," Maria said. Then she yawned, too.

"But I need a good climax. I've gotten used to making myself come before I go to
sleep. I have trouble nodding off if I don't. Put a rubber on the dildo for me,
please."

"This one?" Jennifer asked, pointing.

"I'm sorry," Maria said, trying to sound sincere. She was pretty sure that her
young friend had never seen sex toys before. "Yes, that's a dildo. Go ahead. I
intend to teach you how to use a rubber, so you know how when it comes time to
use one for real. Now this one is a sleeve. It goes over the small vibrator like
this, see? That smooth one is my butt plug. I like having things in my bottom
sometimes. Would you put a rubber on it, too?"

"I guess." The girl tore the foil package and looked closely at what she found
inside. She touched the lubricant and checked the reservoir on the end, then
rolled it onto the dildo.

"Not bad. Are you sure you've never used a rubber before?"

"I saw one before, but this is the first time I ever touched one except for the
water rubber," she giggled as she opened another package and rolled the condom
onto the butt plug. "Doesn't it hurt?"

"Not if you're used to it. They make one that's even smaller, just the size of a
finger, but it isn't wide enough to stay where it belongs."

"Here," Jennifer said, handing the butt plug to her friend.

Maria laid back and pulled her knees to her chest to reach her bottom hole. The
lubricated condom let the plug slide right in. With the dildo in one hand and
the sheathed vibrator in the other, Maria went to work. She swiped the dildo up
and down her slit a couple of times, then worked it into her vagina. Once it was
in, she started slowly pumping the dildo. She turned the base of the vibrator
with her teeth and slid it back and forth until her pussy lips separated.

"I love my... vibrators," Maria grimaced. "I got... good ones... that really...
go to... town... so... Geez, oh, gosh, oh fuck... Oh, I'm sorry...Oooo." After
she collapsed on the bed, the dildo slowly slithered out. As soon as Maria
caught her breath, she asked again, "Sure you don't want to try?"

"Not right now. I'm tired."

"I want my kiss," Maria teased. "With tongue."

Jennifer blushed. Maria put her arms around the girl and hugged her, then moved
her mouth over the youngster's. A little gentle prying was needed to coax the
girl to open her mouth. Before long, they were having tongue battles. Maria
broke the kiss, saying, "Now get to sleep." She quickly snapped off the lamp and
slid under the covers. Jennifer wasn't sleeping. "Feeling a little queer because
you liked kissing a girl, huh?"

"Yeah."

"Wait 'til you try it with a guy."

"I love you," Jennifer burst out, hugging her friend again.

"It's not love," Maria teased. "Just sex."

"That's not what I mean," Jennifer snapped.

"But it sure was a sexy kiss."

"You," Jennifer snapped again, clubbing Maria with a pillow. Maria retaliated
with her pillow and then Jennifer started tickling. "No fair!" Maria squealed.
"No!"

--=*=--

"Did either of you get any sleep?" Darlene asked the bleary eyed teenagers when
they finally came upstairs at ten.

"Not much," Jennifer said quickly, running past her mother toward the bathroom.

"How'd it go?" Darlene asked.

"Teenage modesty overcame curiosity," Maria chuckled. "She never took off her
pajamas."

"I bet you did," Darlene laughed, grabbing her friend and tongue kissing her. "I
just wish Dwayne was home to see us."

"Some other time. I really need to get home."

"I'll drop you off." When Maria came back up, dressed and carrying the bag over
her shoulder, Darlene called to her daughter to watch the younger kids. "I'll be
back in an hour."




Part 1 - Chapter Four

Katy, Maria, and Darlene's daughter Jennifer: Baby Baby Baby


"I am _NOT_ a baby," Jennifer informed her mother.

"You were my first, and even if you are the oldest, you're still my baby,"
Darlene told her teenage daughter.

"Just don't treat me like a baby," Jennifer growled. "I'm going to my room and
read over my science stuff before I go to bed. I have a quiz tomorrow."

"OK, baby," Darlene snickered.

Jennifer rolled her eyes and sighed dramatically as she left the kitchen. Once
in her basement room, she carefully slid the bolt of the lock that her dad
helped her install to be sure she wouldn't be interrupted. She turned on her
radio and flipped open her science book. She scanned the assignment for ten
seconds, unwilling to tell her mother an outright lie. Then she pulled the
bottom drawer of her dresser completely out. Under the drawer, she got out
Maria's toys.

Maria had left so quickly that she forgot her sex toys. Jennifer found them
lined up on the bed: the neon pink dildo, the small vibrator with its realistic
sheath, a small black butt plug, an eight-pack of AA batteries with only two
missing, and a strip of ten condoms. Her first thought was that Maria wouldn't
be able to get to sleep. She wondered...

"Hello?"

"Hi. Is Maria there?"

"She just got back," the voice on the phone told her. In the background, she
could hear, "Maria. It's for you."

"Hello?"

"Hi, Maria. It's Jennifer. I think you forgot some things."

"Keep 'em. I know who to ask if I forget mine next time I visit you guys."

"Thanks. How often do you, you know?"

"Every night. It really does help me get to sleep."

"How did you learn about stuff like that?"

"An older woman," Maria answered. "Actually it was women, plural. But like I
told you, that was just this summer and..." They talked for half an hour until
Darlene got back home. Jennifer hid the toys. Her mother might not freak if she
found them, but Donnie was always finding excuses to come down to the basement
and peek into her room. That evening, she was about to get the toys out. The
drawer was pulled out when Donnie opened her door, saying, "Hey, have you seen
my green rugby?"

"Get out! Mom! Dad! Donnie came into my room and didn't even knock," she wailed,
slamming the drawer shut and running up the stairs. "I might have been undressed
or something." 'Something like playing with myself,' she added mentally.

"I have the solution," Dwayne told her. "Be right back." He was back in two
minutes with a simple bolt lock, used but still functional. Ten minutes later,
Jennifer had a lock on her door. "When you want privacy, just slide it over."

"Thanks, dad. I love you." She gave him a peck on the lips and a hug.

"I love you, too."

Jennifer was too nervous to try out the toys that evening, even with the lock.
But by Sunday night, her curiosity and scrambled hormones led her to the toys
stored in a leatherette shaving kit that her father never used and would never
miss. She tossed it on the bed, then turned to look at the full length mirror on
the back of her bedroom door. The mirror was a luxury but it had been on sale.
Dwayne bought two, one for the master bedroom and one for Jennifer.

She watched herself in the mirror while she stripped. Except for a few fat
girls, she had the biggest bust in the seventh grade, and her breasts looked
huge on her slender frame. Turning sideways, she sighed as she checked her body
profile. She imagined what it might be like to be a stripper, beginning to
undulate in time with the music coming from her radio. She kept moving until the
song ended and an ad interrupted her. By that time, her nipples were erect and
tingling.

Maria said that her nipples were sensitive and that she loved to play with them.
Jennifer knew that hers were sensitive, too. Some girls in school went without a
bra, but doing so drove Jennifer nuts. Fabric rubbing against her nip's made
them instantly pop up. They were so sensitive that any more rubbing almost hurt.
She wore a bra not for support but to protect herself from friction against her
overly sensitive nubbins. Experimentally, Jennifer cupped her breasts and
squeezed her nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. A tremor shot through
her body. Goose bumps prickled her skin and she felt a tingle in her pussy.
Maria said that her nipples were connected to her clit, so Jennifer wasn't
surprised. What did surprise her was the intensity of the feelings.

The radio ad was over and rock music was playing again. Hand lotion slicked her
breasts and made the breast play more pleasant.

With gentle, slick caresses, her nipples felt wonderful rather then painful from
friction. She could feel her pulse in her nipples... and in her pussy. Her heart
beat rapidly and she was almost panting. She felt swollen between her legs and
moaned when she let one hand creep down her front and cup her mons.

Since Maria used her fingers first, Jennifer decided to do the same. She put
some more hand lotion on her fingertips and slid them between her pussy lips.
"Aahh," she sighed. She still did a grind in front of the mirror even though her
eyes were closed. With her knees bent, she leaned her head back and savored the
sensations of her fingers beside her clit. She swiped her fingers over the
little hood quickly during ads, then moved them in time with the music when
songs played on the radio.

When the news came on, she realized that it was time for her to get to sleep.
She also knew that she wouldn't be able to sleep until she finished what she
started. She was tense. Her heart was going 'a mile a minute'. She flopped onto
her bed and put out her hand, groping for one of the toys. She found the dildo
first. Then she found the strip of rubbers, pulled one off, opened the foil, and
rolled it onto the toy.

Imitating her older friend, she opened her labia with her fingers and placed the
tip of the toy at the entrance to her vagina. She pressed it in firmly,
withdrew, then pressed again, pushing harder on the base. Something went 'pop'
and she gasped. It didn't hurt. Well, it hurt a little bit but a lot less then
stubbing her toe or getting stung by a bee. In and out, in and out, a little
farther in each time, until the rubber cock was buried all the way inside her
14-year-old pussy with the fake balls touching her butt cheeks. 'This does feel
good,' her brain acknowledged.

Jennifer experimented. Pumping the dildo with one hand, she squeezed her nipples
with the other but could only do one at a time. Rubbing her clit with her thumb
while the dildo was all the way in felt good but she couldn't move it in and out
at the same time. But if she used her other hand, her nipples ached for
attention.

Frustrated, Jennifer looked around her room. A pile of hairpins caught her
attention and she got up, holding the dildo in with her hand as she waddled over
to her dresser to get two of the pins. Back in bed, she closed her legs to hold
in the fake penis so she could used both hands to spread the hairpins open and
let them gently close on her nipples. She sighed with pleasure at the feeling of
her nip's being hugged firmly. 'Now I can concentrate on my pussy,' she told
herself, once again flopping back on the bed and grabbing the vibrator.

Jennifer started slowly pumping the dildo again as she worked the vibrator up
and down to split her labia. She found that swirling the tip of the vibrator
while thrusting the dildo was something like patting her head while rubbing her
tummy--difficult--and frustrating. As she became disgusted with her inability to
reach a climax, Jennifer stopped.

The vibrator didn't. Its humming continued. It felt good. Real good, Jennifer
decided, pressing harder without moving it. She rocked her hips up. That was
even better. Rocking faster felt even better. But as she tensed, approaching
'the big O', she lost her concentration and her clit lost contact with the end
of the vibrator. More frustration.

'One more try and then I'm going to sleep,' Jennifer told herself. She held the
dildo still and put her thumb out to hold down on the end of the vibrator while
she gripped its base with her other hand. She concentrated on just feeling. So
nice. So hot. So incredible. Tension built until... Boom! Her body shook,
trembling through the first orgasm of her young life.

The glowing numerals on her clock radio read '1:47' when she woke up, chilled.
The radio was still playing. Her light was still on. Hairpins still squeezed her
nipples. She quickly pulled the pins off and massaged the purplish and
completely numb knobs.

She peeled the rubber off the dildo and put it back in the shaving kit. She
twisted... Agh! Blood was finding its way back into her nipples. They burned.
'Like when my hands got so cold they got numb,' Jennifer told herself, giving
one nipple a pinch. That hurt too much to try again.

The vibrator's batteries were dead. As she looked for how... "Geez, that hurts,"
she said aloud, cringing as tingling joined the intense burning in her nipples.
The sheath came off the vibrator before she discovered that the batteries went
in from the bottom. All she had to do was screw the swivel switch beyond 'OFF'
and the bottom of the device came off. She poured the dead batteries into her
trash bucket and put two new ones in.

To distract herself from her throbbing nipples, Jennifer pressed the smooth,
hard plastic into her groin, parting her pussy lips and holding it firmly
against the side of her clit. 'Practice makes perfect,' she told herself as she
felt her body respond quickly to the strong stimulation. Her heart was pounding
in her ears. Her nipples felt like they were going to explode. Her whole body
tensed again and then exploded in convulsions of pleasure.

--==*==--

"No! Not yet! Not now! We haven't finished Lamaze classes," Katy whined.

"They told us that one or two of us wouldn't... Deep cleansing breath... in...
out... and blow. Good," Bruce smiled, beginning his role as coach. "And this
might just be Braxton Hicks contractions."

"We shouldn't have been screwing," Katy whimpered.

"Dr. Learner said it was OK."

"Not now. My waters broke. And you broke it."

"I know we can't continue," Bruce sighed.

"I'm scared."

"Only of the unknown," Bruce said, trying to reassure his young wife. "This is
normal. You've done everything else they talked about, nesting and all that.
You're ready."

"We just moved," she growled. "I still have to get us settled. I couldn't
...oh..."

"Deep cleansing breath...in..." Bruce checked his watch. With each contraction,
he was more certain that he would soon be a father. Excitement mixed with fear.
He and Katy were already in better shape than many of their friends. Both of
them knew other young women whose babies who would start life without a father.

Katy was sweating. Her contractions were stronger than he expected. He felt a
pang of guilt about pressuring Katy to let him fuck her once more. He knew his
cock wasn't sharp enough to break the amniotic sack. It wasn't really his fault,
he told himself. But he still felt guilt.

At Katy's last appointment, Dr. Learner told them that it was likely that Katy
had a 'false period' and that she was almost nine rather than eight months
pregnant. Now that he knew more about pregnancy, Bruce was convinced that she
had morning sickness before the period that the doctor used to calculate the
date of conception. He and Katy were relieved that the baby would soon be there.
They were also terrified.

"We better get to the hospital," Katy told him after the contraction subsided.

"We have hours," Bruce grinned, glad that they had taken the natural childbirth
classes. "Relax."

"Oh, here com..." Bruce checked his watch again. Maybe they _should_ start
toward the hospital. He coached his wife through the contraction, then called
Dr. Learner and helped Katy to the car. Another contraction tightened Katy's
belly while he brought the bags out. Katy panicked until he made it back to
coach her through the pain.

Bruce drove to the hospital calmly and safely. Everything went just like the
nurses described during the Lamaze classes. They were preregistered and
prepared. Once he got to the hospital, Dr. Learner commented, "I love you fit
young women who take good care of yourselves and your babies."

--==*==--

"Isn't he beautiful?"

"Handsome," Bruce told his wife. "My little man."

"I bet you already bought a baseball mitt."

"A football and a hammer," he chuckled, watching his son nurse at his wife's
breast. "Can I have a taste?"

"It's just colosterum so far."

"Colostrum," Bruce corrected. "It's supposed to be sweet. And we still need to
toughen your nipples."    [Image]

"Benjamin's doing a fine job of that all by himself," Katy giggled, looking down
at the tiny mouth working at her nipple. "But I guess it wouldn't hurt." She
unfastened the other cup of her nursing bra and held her breast out to her
husband. She swooned at the feelings of both nipples being sucked at once. "I
love you," she said, directing the thought to both of her men.

Neither answered. A mouth full of swollen nipple secreting delicious sweet fluid
effectively gagged them. Katy felt sorry for her husband. He looked exhausted.
He probably was now that he was working two full time jobs. She rarely saw him
except at meals and in bed, where he slept. Their sex life had ended with Ben's
birth.

"That tastes good," Bruce grinned. "Really sweet."

"Glad you like it. Can we talk?"

"Is it going to be one of _those_ talks?"

"Yes. Bruce, I need to contribute to our family welfare. I can't just stay at
home doing nothing while you work two jobs."

"It'll be better when it warms up," he told her. "Once spring gets here and
construction starts again, I'll find one good paying job with plenty of
time-and-a-half overtime."

"Until next fall when it gets cold again," Katy told him, carefully controlling
her tone and emotions.

"We'll make it. We agreed that one of us will be home with Benjamin. He's not
going to day care."

"I'd be working at night," she grinned at him.

"Not at a Seven-Eleven," he frowned.

"No." She was still smiling. Bruce wasn't. "How would you like to be married to
a sex goddess? A stripper?"

"Oh, no," Bruce roared. "No. No way. I will _NOT_ have my wife strutting around
naked in front of a bunch of strange men!"

"I'll have to practice," Katy grinned at her husband. "A lot. On you."

"No."

"It'll still be a while, probably Thanksgiving, and Benjamin will have to be at
least partly weaned and on some solid foods. I have plenty of time to convince
you."

"No way," Bruce insisted.

"I can talk you into anything, you know," Katy grinned at him in the way that
she had learned melted his resistance. "And right now I want to talk you into
giving me something to suck on. You and Ben have been getting all the good
sucking."

"You can't manipulate me like that," Bruce growled. "I won't let you."

"Let me what? Suck your cock? Whip it out, stud, before Ben here gets old enough
to know what's going on."

"Damn you, woman. You're going to drive me nuts."

"I'll suck on your nuts if you'll bring 'em over here." Baby Ben napped while
his mother got down on her knees and sucked her husband.

--==*==--

"Lap dances are half price for this song only," Katy told her husband, grinding
her hips at him.

"How about a free sample?"

"I'm not doing this for pleasure. Pay up or I move on to the next guy."

"Baloney," Bruce laughed. "You're enjoying every second. I think I married an
exhibitionist."

"A very scared one," Kaitlyn whimpered, embracing her husband.

"A very excited one," Bruce chuckled. "You're on your way up to the top of the
first hill on a roller coaster. You feel scared but you know you'll love the
ride."

"I only ride you," she told him, kissing him deeply. She started the grind
again, reaching for his zipper. "So pay up."

"Will you take an I.O.U?"

"No. Pay up or I move along to the next guy."

"I guess you'll have to move on," Bruce sighed.

Katy looked at her husband. "Really? You're really going to let me do it?"

"You've been nagging me ever since Ben was born. You've made all your plans
about how we're going to pay off all our bills and..."

"And you're going back to school. We'll save. We won't even get a new apartment
yet, or even another car. I'll have the car in the evening and you'll have it
during the day. And every night when I get home, we're going to have wild sex so
you don't feel neglected. I'll need to buy some outfits, but I can start off
with what I already have and..."

Bruce let her talk. Although he teased her about how much she was enjoying it,
he knew she was terrified of taking her clothes off in front of strangers. But
she discovered that two of her friends from GWU planned to try stripping. They
decided that they would work at the same place. Their audition would be on an
amateur night. If they did well, they would be hired.

Katy was definitely excited. All she talked about was what they would do with
the money that she would make. Bruce had mixed feelings. He felt inadequate that
he couldn't support his family. But he knew that they needed the money. He would
go along with it... at least for a while.

--==*==--

"You're really serious about stripping?"

"Yes," Maria answered. "It's the only job I know of that'll pay enough that I
can really be independent and go to college, too. Working at Roy Rogers doesn't
even pay the bills."

"I hope I'm not too old," Darlene sighed. "I've heard that strippers are washed
up by thirty."

"Feature performers, maybe," Lucy told the group of women collected in Bruce and
Katy's tiny apartment. "I've seen a fifty-year-old make decent money. The guys
are going to love you. Most guys are into big boobs. If nature didn't provide
'em, most strippers go for boob jobs to increase their income."

"I don't intend to do this 'til I'm fifty," Darlene said. "As soon as I have
eight thousand in the bank, that's it."

"Will we have to go all the way? Completely naked?" Katy asked.

"Yes," Lucy answered. "But think 'nude' rather than naked. Are you ready?"

"No," Katy whimpered.

Everyone laughed. "Bruce is your only audience. How bad can that be?" Maria
asked.

"I'm pretending I'm in the club."

"Good," Lucy told her. "Are you ready now? Good. You get paid anywhere from
minimum wage to about ten bucks an hour by the club but most of that is withheld
for taxes. To make good money, you have to hustle table dances and lap dances."

"I thought lap dancing was illegal."

"Shit," Katy cussed. Ben let out a wail and her left breast instantly squirted a
stream of milk. "I can't..."

"Yes you can," Lucy contradicted. "There are quite a few guys out there who'll
pay extra for milky boobs. Now, ladies, let's go over the rules. There can be no
sexual contact. How that's interpreted changes with what county you're in,
politics at any given time, if the police chief takes bribes, you name it.
What's OK today might change tomorrow, and you could end up arrested for
indecent exposure or lewd and licentious acts. So, Maria, if you ever want to be
a lawyer or doctor..."

"I just want to meet a dreamy man who wants to make a dozen babies with me and
live happily ever after."

"Katy?"

While nursing Ben, Katy shrugged. "I have no plans like that."

"Darlene?"

"I kind of like the idea of scandalizing people."

"OK," Lucy grinned. "Then within limits, the nastier you are, the better your
tips. Start with a gimmick to get their attention. I start my act by
deep-throating a sausage."

"I doubt I could even give a decent blow job," Maria groused.

"Then do something else, but get noticed. Gaudy jewelry, maybe. A belly chain
and ankle chains are good. Bright neon stuff, maybe. Leather, rubber, whips, and
chains are always good. Do some experimenting, OK?" When her three students all
nodded, Lucy went on. "Once you catch a guy's eyes, make him think 'sex'. Sex
sells. That's why there's a woman in a bikini in beer ads, car ads, camera ads,
vacation ads, you name it. Bump and grind isn't a very good description. It's
more like making love... Scratch that. It's like fucking air."

"Hump and grind," Katy giggled, thrusting her hips forward as she switched Ben
to her other breast.

Maria's expression looked odd. "Maria? Are you all right?"

"I'm sorry," Maria smiled. "It _is_ about sex. That's why some strippers use a
snake as a prop. It's a penis substitute, right?"

"Right, a phallic symbol," Lucy acknowledged. "Like my sausage or the pole
that's part of the stage in a club. So, make the guys think about sex. Make
their cocks hard and..."

"...all the blood drains from their brains," Maria laughed.

"Are you brainless yet?" Katy asked her husband.

"Nope. You all still have clothes on."

"That's another thing," Lucy told them, trying to be serious. "Strip tease and
shows are for the featured performers. If you want to try it, come up with a
performance that's sexy, artistic, and unique. Otherwise, stick with the basics.
A set is three songs. Start out in something sexy and bare your boobs during the
first song. Get naked by the end of the second song and then convince everybody
that you're the sexiest dancer in the place during the third."

For several minutes, everyone nervously stood, waiting. "Have you picked music
you like?" Lucy asked to break the tension.

"I have," Maria said with a broad smile. "Hot salsa."

"Good. What's your stripper name?"

"I'm gonna stick with Maria. It's so common that ..."

"You're Salsa. Hot Salsa. Hot, sexy Salsa," Lucy told her. "If you work long
enough, sooner or later you'll run into somebody you know. How about you two?"
She turned to face Katy and Darlene.

"Betty," Darlene answered.

"Kitten," Katy offered.

"OK, I guess. Betty Boobs and Sex Kitten? That'll do. How about music?"

"I found a few things I think I can dance to," Darlene answered.

"You have to be able to dance to anything. You don't get to pick the music for
table and lap dances. You have to dance to whatever's playing, so we're all
going to dance to every song. OK, Maria. You're first."

"Mental Mistress says, 'Get nasty,'" she giggled, slipping the CD into her boom
box and pressing 'PLAY'. Maria lifted her arms and began to dance.

"You're a natural," Lucy smiled, joining her friend and former student in
rocking and thrusting her pelvis in time with the music. A minute into the song,
Lucy yelled over the music, "Now your top."

'Lose the top,' Mental Mistress ordered. Maria had to obey. She peeled off the
athletic bra top as sexily as she could manage. Maria was thankful that neither
Lucy nor Mental Mistress, "MM", ordered her to remove her thong panty.

"Not bad," Lucy grinned as the third song ended. "I'd put a slow one in there,
though. Otherwise you'll be exhausted."

"Do guys tip better for fast or slow?"

"That depends on what they think of your dancing, but it's easier to slip a bill
under your g-string or garter if you're not moving quite so fast."

"And you'll need the break," Darlene added.

"And you're next," Lucy said, pointing her finger at the end of her outstretched
arm.

Darlene was puffing after nine straight minutes of dancing even though she chose
a slow song for her third number. Like Maria, she removed her top, but just
simulated removing her panties.

Katy went all the way but felt clumsy. They collectively decided that they all
needed more practice.




Part 1 - Chapter Five

Katy, Maria, Darlene, & Jennifer: Student Strippers


"Come on, guys. If you can't do it for a few guys, how do you expect to do it in
front of a whole club full?" Darlene challenged.

"Lighten up, Dar'," Lucy told her. "There's something about a stage and lights
that makes it easier for some people."

"It's hard for me because I know these guys," Darlene groaned.

"Bull," Maria snapped, then laughed.

"OK, so I get off on it," Darlene sighed. "It's still scary."

"You don't _have_ to do a girl-girl dance," Lucy reminded her.

"You said we'd make more money that way."

"True. Like I told you, the nastier you get, the more you'll be in demand. You
make your money in tips and table dances."

"Then I'll do it," Darlene said firmly.

"Me, too," Katy agreed with equal conviction. "Start the music."

Maria punched the 'PLAY' button on her boom box and 'The Time of My Life' from
the movie 'Dirty Dancing' began to play. Katy smiled at her more mature friend
and walked to her as sensuously as she could manage, exaggerating the swivel of
her hips. When they stood tit to tit, Katy became the aggressor, embracing
Darlene and kissing her with enthusiasm as they swayed in time with the music.

"Go girl," Maria cheered. "Lick her tonsils."

"Nobody'd see," Lucy said. "Show some tongue, guys. Pull back so the guys can
see you swap spit."

Katy's hands were busy, sliding up Darlene's sides, avoiding her breasts...
barely. Katy backed an inch away from Darlene's face so everyone could see that
her tongue was stuck in her friend's mouth and swiping side to side.

"That is _SO_ sexy," Bruce said.

"I'll say," Dwayne agreed.

"Do you really get turned on when she does stuff like that while other people
watch?" Bruce asked.

"Yeah. You?"

"I get kind of jealous, you know?"

"Better stay away from the club then," Dwayne advised.

"I'll have to. The only way this'll work is if I watch Ben when she works.
Otherwise, babysitting will eat up too much of what she makes."

"That's not legal, you two," Lucy chided. "Hey. HEY! Practice like you're at a
club. If you do that, you'll both be arrested and the cops'll shut the place
down."

"Should we separate them?" Bruce asked no one in particular.

"Nah," Dwayne laughed. "Let 'em get it out of their systems. We'll pull them
apart before they cum so they'll be horny when..."

"Too late," Bruce laughed as Darlene leaned her head back and squealed, bucking
against Katy's face.

"Come on, you two," Lucy said in a disgusted tone. "You can get that nasty only
at private parties."

"Could we make more money that way?" Katy wanted to know, lifting her mouth from
between Darlene's legs so everyone could see the slickness that covered the
lower half of her face.

"Potentially," Lucy admitted. "You make more per hour of work but the
good-paying private jobs are few and far between. I've got to admit that lesbian
acts are popular, though."

"Which means you need more practice," Katy chirped, pressing on the back of
Darlene's head. "Practice makes... oooooo."

"I think your wife's a bad influence on mine," Bruce laughed.

"Sorry about that," Dwayne sighed. "Should we break 'em up?"

"They'll just go back to it if we pull them apart."

"Well I need to practice," Maria said, choosing another track on the CD. "How's
this?"

Lucy critiqued as the Latina danced for Dwayne and Bruce, then coached her
through a table dance and lap dancing. "If you find a guy who's really hot for
you, you can make a ton of money doing lap dances, but it's technically illegal.
Be careful, OK? It's generally accepted that only you do any touching. The guy
can't touch you in any sexual way. That means butt, breasts, or between your
legs. The outside of your legs, your shoulders and arms, and your tummy are
usually OK if that's OK with you."

"What if the guy wants to give me a massage?" Maria asked.

"Shoulders and neck only," Lucy frowned.

"Feet? Mine are killing me."

"Either of you have a foot fetish?" Lucy asked the men.

"No, but I'm pretty good at foot massage," Dwayne said, scooting over on the
sofa to make room for Maria. Instead of accepting the invitation to sit on the
couch, she dragged the coffee table back to the front of the sofa and put one
foot in Dwayne's lap and the other in Bruce's.

"Hold onto her feet real tight, guys," Lucy ordered the men. "Don't let go until
she cums."

"No, please," Maria begged without conviction.

"You're going to cum for Bruce and Dwayne or we're going to tickle you to death,
aren't we?" Lucy remembered that Maria needed the illusion of being forced in
order for to really enjoy sex. Bruce had heard about Maria's hang-ups from his
wife and readily agreed to play along with Lucy when the professional stripper
moved behind the Latina to add underarm tickling to the torture applied by the
men. Before long, Maria was begging them to allow her to masturbate for their
viewing pleasure.

Maria enjoyed being dominated by a real person. Mental Mistress only provided
needed relief and mostly just made her do what she should be doing anyway. The
simultaneous foot and boob massage while she masturbated was even more
enjoyable. Once Maria popped off and the married women disentangled themselves,
they all practiced their strip tease until Lucy declared them ready for the real
thing. Maria went back to her apartment alone, sated for the time being. Darlene
and Katy showed their husbands how well they could lap dance when everyone was
completely nude.

--=*=--

Darlene, Katy, and Maria got together to select clubs from the telephone
directory and called about auditions. The three friends insisted that they be
allowed to work together, and hung up on one man who insisted that they each
audition for him privately. Several of the clubs had amateur nights or contests
that also served as auditions. The trio agreed that they would check out those
clubs to start with. Lucy only knew about a few of them. She worked only as a
feature performer in the larger and classier 'Gentlemen's Clubs'.

So on Wednesday night, the week after Thanksgiving, Dwayne drove the minivan to
the first club on the list. A waitress and then the manager demanded that they
each purchase the mandated 'two drink minimum' as soon as they were seated, even
though the women planned to dance for the contest. "Too many women chicken out
when the time comes to dance," the waitress explained.

The crowd in the club was large but most of the patrons looked bored. The trio
watched the regular dancers go through their routines on three separate stages.
At any given time, one of the dancers was shedding her top for the first song of
a set, one was topless and taking off her bottom, and the third danced nude. At
9:30, an obese man with a bulbous, cherry red nose brought a microphone onto the
center stage and introduced a feature act, a pretty classy strip tease.

After the featured dancer finished, the same guy reappeared, announced the
amateur 'contest', and asked for volunteers. He offered the use of the dressing
room and said that there were some costumes available, too.

"Want to check it out?" Maria asked her friends.

"Nah," Katy replied. "We're ready."

"I'd like to see what it's like, you know?"

"Me, too," Darlene agreed. She gave Dwayne a peck and headed to the dressing
room with the other two.

The dressing room was crowded, hot, and filthy. It smelled like a combination
locker room and smoking lounge. Only one sink, no hot water, one toilet with no
door on the stall, six vanity tables completely covered with cosmetics, costume
jewelry, overflowing ash trays, and articles of clothing, four electric fans,
twenty regular dancers, and racks of clothes left barely enough room to move
around.

"That's the public stuff if you want to see what's available," a woman told the
trio as she pushed by. Darlene, Katy, and Maria looked at the soiled costumes
and were glad that they came prepared. They asked for a place to put their
things, and were told that they would have to leave them with the bartender or
leave them unsecured. "I lock my shit in my car," the woman grumbled.

The smell of marijuana mixed with the thick cigarette smoke in the room. Maria
noticed, nudged Darlene, and pointed to a skinny woman with salt-water or
silicone boobs holding a disposable lighter over a crack pipe as she sucked hard
on the stem. "Let's get out of here."

Darlene and Katy agreed, collecting Dwayne as they headed out. Back in the van,
Darlene told him about the condition of the dressing room and the open use of
recreational pharmaceutical products. "I just don't want, you know, to be
associated with, well... I may be a stripper or nude dancer but..."

"I know what you mean," Dwayne said. "You don't have to explain. Just say that
it's not right or doesn't feel right. That's enough. We are, however, out quite
a chunk of change."

The second nude dancing cabaret on their list was quite a bit farther away. Too
far to try that night. But the third club on the list wasn't too far. They
parked and went inside a little before 11 p.m. Like before, they were told that
they needed to buy drinks. "We're looking for jobs," Darlene said. "I need to
make some money, not spend more. Is the manager or owner around?"

The young woman pointed to a black man. Dwayne stood back while his escorts went
to speak to him. "Ladies, and I use the term loosely, we pay a prize for the
amateur contest only when there's five or more willin' ta take it all off, but
you all are all's shown up, so ya' jest get yo' asses up there and show me what
you got, and then maybe we talk."

"I'm not showing my skin until I know what I'm going to get out of it," Darlene
snapped. "What's the pay?"

"Six bucks an hour."

"That you withhold for taxes on our tips, right?"

"You got it," he grinned.

Darlene silently thanked Lucy for explaining the drill. "OK, here's the deal. We
work together. We don't hustle drinks but we will wait tables. If..."

"Look, bitch. Ya' do what you're told or take a hike."

"Good evening, sir," Darlene snapped, adding, "and I use the term loosely," as
she led Katy and Maria back to the door.

"What a waste of time," Katy groaned.

"It's not like Lucy didn't warn us about this," Maria reminded them.

"I know, but it's just so... I don't know, fucked up, I guess."

"There are more places." Maria tried to sound positive. "We have two more to
check tomorrow night and there are more that we can find and check out. There...
Like that one." She pointed to a neon sign flashing 'LIVE NUDE COEDS' down the
side street as the minivan started rolling away from a red light. "Let's check
it out."

"It's midnight," Darlene told her. "And this doesn't look like a place we'll
make any money."

"It won't hurt to check it out." Maria finally convinced the others and Dwayne
circled the block. There was plenty of parking on the street or in a vacant lot
next to the building. As they got out, they could hear music coming from inside,
a thundering, rhythmic rap' tune. Otherwise, the street was deserted.

Several of the brick buildings on the block were boarded up. A small grocery
occupied one corner out by the main road. A warehouse and an upholstery shop
looked like they were still in business. As the group approached the doorway,
they saw a muscular black man leaning against the doorframe with his arms folded
over his chest. When he saw them, he smiled. "Good evening, ladies and
gentleMAN," he kidded. "Come right in."

"Why, thank you," Maria smiled back, stepping inside as he held open the heavy
curtain.

As their eyes adjusted to the darkness inside, they saw the black man gesturing
at the slender black woman who was dancing beside a table near the stage. There
were only about twenty men in the place. All black. "I don't know about this,"
Katy whispered nervously.

The dancer hurried up onto the stage and continued to dance until the song
ended. "Lucy says black guys are lousy tippers," Darlene whispered quickly
before another young black woman got to them. She wore a white thong bikini
bathing suit and white high-heeled sandals that glowed under the black lights.

"Pick any place you want. What can I get for you?"

When Darlene and Katy hesitated, Maria spoke up. "Actually, we're looking for
jobs as dancers and just came by to check out the place."

"Well have a drink and I'll get Kat to come over when she finishes her set. So
what'll you have?" she yelled as the next song blasted from the speakers.

"How much?" Dwayne shouted back. Adrenalin was pumping through his system.
[Image] Even though he had good friends and co-workers who were
African-American, he wasn't used to being a minority. He chose a table some
distance from the stage.

"Depends on what you're having."

Darlene asked for coffee, and Katy and Maria chose Coke. Dwayne asked for a
draft beer. "Be right back," the young woman said with a smile.

As soon as the waitress left them, the trio of women leaned to the middle of the
little cocktail table. Darlene and Katy began to complain again that Lucy said
black men were poor tippers. "And the place is practically empty." "There's not
a white guy in here." "It's a crappy neighborhood."

Maria listened to her friends' objections until the music stopped again and the
waitress came with their drinks. "Kat'll collect," she grinned. "It's my turn to
dance."

Their waitress met with the woman called 'Kat' at the back of the stage and
spoke to her, pointing toward their table. The music started again and the
waitress began to undulate to the music. She took off her top immediately and
pulled up on the sides of her thong bottom so it narrowed and hugged her crotch
tightly. She started grinding her pelvis against the fabric of the thong and got
a couple of the men to yell, "Yeah, baby. Do it."

"Hi. I'm Katina, Kat for short. Kit said you want to dance."

"I want to make money," Darlene spat out.

"Me, too," Katy added.

"Wednesday's a slow night," Kat told them. Then she sighed. "I guess I better be
honest. They're all slow nights. We're not doin' real good."

"So I see," Darlene said, looking around. The mezzanine level that circled the
club was completely empty. Other then their table, only the chairs at the bar
running around three sides of the main stage and a few tables right behind them
were occupied.

"Yeah. This was supposed to be our big chance," Kat told them. "You see, Rocky,
my husband, well, he got in some trouble when he was younger and it's tough
getting a good job when you've got a record even if you've straightened out. The
liquor license is in my name. We were going to be entrepreneurs, own our own
business, make something of ourselves for our kids. We hoped that business would
pick up a little at a time but, well, we barely break even. I couldn't afford to
pay you."

"Dancers just work for tips anyway," Maria interjected. "Even at the fancy
places, salary for the regular dancers is withheld to pay taxes on the tips. We
could work for just tips for a while."

"But remember what Lucy said," Darlene frowned at her Latina friend.

"That niggers don't tip?" Kat suggested, raising her voice and her eyebrows. Kat
looked at Maria as she continued, "Well, whoever Lucy is, she's pretty much
right, although spics are even worse."

"So you need to attract honkies with bucks," Maria grinned. "So where have you
advertised?"

"Haven't," Kat sighed. "Even with my tips, we barely make the rent and put food
on our table."

"And word-of-mouth won't help if folks come by and the place is dead," Maria
observed, twisting her mouth as she thought. "Can you show us around?"

Katy loudly whispered, "Salsa! What's the point?"

Maria gave her young friend a serious look, then got up just as Kit's second
song ended. Maria walked deliberately toward the stage and shouted, "Hey, mother
fuckers! Anybody here who ain't fucked a mother?" Exaggerating her Latin accent,
Maria went on. "My honkey friends are scared of you all. They're not used to
bein' minority, ya' know? But I'd kinda like to dance for you, see? So youse
gotta let 'em know that yer O.K, see? So how many criminals in here, huh? Let's
see your hands."

The club's patrons were surprised. A couple of them raised their hands, then a
few more. As Maria looked at the rest of them, each man smiled and raised his
hand.

"See?" she yelled back at Katy and Darlene. "Nothin' to worry about. They all
admit they're crooks, but they're straight now or they'd be in the hoosegow. So
how many murderers here, huh?" Maria went toward one man who didn't raise his
hand. "What? You never shot nobody?"

"Shot him, stabbed him, kicked his head in but the motherfucker wouldn't die so
it wasn't murder," the man teased. "But why you running yer mouth, ho'? Let's
see some skin."

"Hey, Rock. Got any salsa?" Rocky looked confused. "Salsa music, something with
a Latin beat." He shook his head. "Well, put on something nice and turn down the
volume a little, too, please."

"Her mental mistress must be going nuts," Darlene said, frowning as Maria began
moving to the hip-hop beat coming from the speakers.

Maria stuck her thumbs under the waistband of her stretchy skirt and pushed it
down over her hips. She turned her back and bent over. She wiggled her butt and
yelled, "Like my booty?"

The men on the far side of the stage got up and brought their drinks around
where they could see the newcomer. Maria smiled at them, then danced toward the
man who wanted to see some skin, rocking her hips in time with the rhythmic
music. She held her arms over her head and danced just inches away from him with
her bottom exposed. The front of the stretchy skirt clung to her lower belly.

The man looked at her exposed navel, then the swell of her breasts under the
skimpy tank top. When he finally looked into her eyes, Maria smiled and nodded.
The man raised his eyebrows, silently asking a question. Maria kept smiling and
nodded again.

Uncertainly, the man looked Maria in the eyes.

--=*=--

Maria's mind was whirling. She instinctively liked Kat. She liked the atmosphere
of this club. Unlike the first two places, she didn't feel intimidated,
nauseated, or scared. That her friends weren't comfortable, she decided, was due
to prejudice. She consciously decided, 'This place has possibilities.' Then
Mental Mistress told her, 'Well, bitch. Do something about it.'

Shaking with the mix of excitement and fear that she had learned to love, Maria
took the man's hand, a big hand, strong, capable, calloused. She liked his hand
and drew confidence from the nervousness the black man showed. He was
forty-something, very dark-complected, and partly bald, but not bad looking. She
held his hand, straightened his fingers, and guided his fingertips under one
side of her skirt. She repeated herself with his other hand.

The man was still uncertain. Maria tried to reassure him with her smile. She
deliberately snapped her hips to one side so her skirt slid down a bit as his
hand remained in place. Another nod from her brought a smile of recognition from
the man. When she straightened, his hand stayed in place while she rocked the
other way. An inch at a time, he helped lower her skirt.

As the skirt dropped, the man had to lean forward. His head pressed against her
belly and he couldn't resist giving her belly a peck. Maria giggled. She liked
the feel of his graying hair as he moved his head to the side of her leg as the
short skirt reached her shoes. She stepped out of the skirt and danced away,
giving him a good view of her bottom.

Mental Mistress ordered Maria to go to the old man next. He was unshaven and at
least sixty. Holding her hands high over her head, she leaned forward and rested
her forehead against his. He took the hint and gripped the hem of her tank top.
Maria started backing up, twisting so her bra-encased breasts brushed his arms.

The song was ending but Rocky quickly faded it out and faded in a slow number.
Maria changed her pace to keep time with the music.

MM ordered her to "give the old man a thrill." When her tank top cleared her
head, she dropped her arms with her top stretched between them and stood up
straight. Stepping forward, she waited for him to pull the top down off of her
arms. As he did, Maria stepped up even closer so his face was between her
breasts and he had to pull the top over her mounds.

"Thank you," she said loudly, kissing his forehead. He fumbled with some bills
he had laid out on the table and held up a dollar bill. Maria smiled at him and
locked her hands behind her neck, still dancing in front of him. He took a
leisurely look from hair to shoes and back up, then smiled and pulled out on the
elastic string at her waist and slid the bill under it, letting go with a 'snap'
against her skin.

Turning around, Maria scanned the place, smiling at the customers and her
friends. She loved being the center of attention. She felt powerful and
confident, not her usual shyness. She saw Kit standing back near the steps up to
the stage. MM said, 'Yes. Her.'

Maria hid her body's quivering with dance movements as she headed toward the
skinny black girl. She danced her way right up to the coffee-complected woman
until they were standing tit to tit and undulated her body. Rocky put on a piece
with a Calypso beat pounded out on steel drums. "Tell her," MM demanded. Maria
stopped moving and loudly said, "Your dancing turned me on."

"Your dancing's turning everybody on," Kit replied.

"Help me?" Maria whined loudly enough that those near them could hear.

Kit wiped her hands on her sweaty thighs and reached toward Maria uncertainly.
"Are you queer, girl?" Kit asked as her hands got to the bra clasp between
Maria's breasts.

"Why? Want to try me out?" Maria teased with a giggle.

"Maybe," Kit grinned, teasing back, cupping her hands over the bra cups when the
bra clasp was released.

Maria mischievously backed away and turned around, the bra cups stuck in place
on her breasts. She backed into Kit's body and ground her hips against the black
woman, reaching way back to stroke the woman's hair. Kit stroked Maria's sides,
teasing the men as her hands approached the bra cups again.

"Don't try to hurry her," MM ordered. Maria wanted to get it over with, to
quickly expose her boobs to strangers, to... But disobeying Mental Mistress was
out of the question. Kit waited until the next song began, a slow, soulful jazz
tune, before she pulled the bra cups away from Maria's breasts.

"Thanks," Maria smiled, turning around again to hug the black girl. She also
obeyed orders to do some bumping and grinding.

"I've got the door," Maria heard Kat yell over the music.

"That means we can get butt naked right here," Kit said. "If a cop comes, Kat'll
push a button. If you see a red light and hear a loud beep, get up on stage
quick, OK?"

Maria was still on a high from her naughtiness and the excitement of being
stripped naked in public for the first time. But there were more orders from
Mental Mistress. Before Kit could react, Maria stepped in front of her again and
hooked her thumbs under the straps of the thong that Kit had put back on when
she left the stage. She just ground against Kit until the black girl put her
thumbs under the elastic holding the patch of fabric over Maria's mound.

Smiling, Maria held her knees together and began to squat down, pulling down
Kit's thong as she went. At first, Kit bent down. Then, knees splayed wide
around Maria, Kit also squatted, pulling the Latina's g-string to the back of
her knees and then down her calves. Both of them left their bottoms on the floor
and rose together, hands touching each other's sides.

Before she lost her nerve, Maria whirled around and skipped toward the
customers. She stopped only one step away from a table and began to undulate
with the music again.

--=*=--

"Go ahead," Dwayne told Darlene.

"What?"

"You're horny as hell and jealous of Salsa," he laughed. "I can tell. Go on. Get
your stripper cherry busted."

"I don't want anybody touching me," Katy said nervously.

"No touching my friend Sex Kitten, guys," Darlene announced loudly as she
dragged Katy toward where Kit and Maria were dancing. Then she loudly teased,
"Kitten's gay. Only women can touch her, but she likes to show off for guys.
Come on, Kitten. Show 'em what you've got."

One dollar at a time, the three women earned some tips. Katy danced only on the
stage. Being fondled by strange black men got Darlene into such a state that she
dragged Dwayne up onto the mezzanine and all but raped him. She didn't even care
that some of the customers followed them and watched. Their presence added spice
to the frantic coupling.

Once the customers realized that Katy was nervous and inhibited, they pooled
their money and called her down for table dances. "No touching," Kat told the
group of six who formed a circle around the youngster. "And the law says that
she has to keep her bottom on if she's not on stage."

"You don't. They don't," the guys pointed out.

"Do you want all of us to follow the law, too?" Kat challenged.

They conceded that they preferred a liberal interpretation and lots of
stretching where the law was concerned. "We're all criminals, after all," they
joked with Maria, who spent much of her time completely nude as she danced
around the tables. Twice the alarm sounded and the red light flashed to warn of
possible vice cops and she ran to the stage to continue her dance.

A little after midnight, Darlene was surprised to see a uniformed policeman walk
up to the bar while Maria was dancing at a table in the buff. The little minx
danced right up to him and put on a short show for his benefit while he sipped
the coffee that Rocky poured for him.

At one, Rocky announced that the show was over for the night even though there
were now over thirty customers. "These ladies need their beauty sleep."

"Will you be here tomorrow?" one of them asked Maria.

"Sure. I think I'll start early. What time you open, Kat?"

"Five," she answered.

"I'll be here," Maria announced.




Part 1 - Chapter Six

Maria, Darlene, & Katy: Strippers


"Are you nuts?" Darlene challenged Maria.

"Maybe. Probably," she answered, smiling broadly. She was still completely nude.
"All you two see is a place about to go under, but I see possibilities. I like
it here. The people are friendly and every one of those guys..."

"Might rape you," Katy snapped.

"Would be happy to make sure we get home safely," Maria frowned.

"And if they won't, Rocky will," Kat assured the girl as she joined the group at
the table.

"I brought my birth certificate," Maria told Kat. "I know I have to prove that
I'm not an illegal alien or something. So, do I have a job?"

"I can't pay you."

"Well, I made... let's see... fifty-one dollars," Maria smiled. "And you can buy
me dinner tomorrow night.

"Is that little voice in your head talking to you again?" Darlene asked, her
brow furrowed into a stern frown.

"Yep," Maria giggled. "I'm going to work here at least one month. I've got to
work somewhere. I already quit my job at Roy's, and Brenda's moving in with her
boyfriend, so I have to make more money to live."

"You can't live on less then a hundred dollars a day," Katy informed the Latina.

"I made over fifty in a couple hours. I'll make more tomorrow and more the day
after that. Come on. Give it a try."

"No," Katy told her. "We need to find a place where I'm going to make good money
if I'm going to dance naked. I'm sorry, but I don't think we'll make much here,"
she told Kat.

Maria spoke up immediately. "OK. Give me a week. No, two. If you're not making
good money in two weeks, then we'll go some- place else. Look, guys. Kat's not
telling us we have to share tips with the bartender or bouncer, she's telling it
like it is. Also, guys talk. I bet a bunch more guys drop in tomorrow just to
see if the guys that are here tonight were telling the truth about the wacko gal
called Salsa. Bet me I'm wrong. I dare you."

"We agreed to stay together," Darlene reminded Maria.

"We can be together here," Maria insisted, pouting.

"We haven't even seen the dressing room," Katy snapped.

"We didn't need to," Maria said. "It's going to be perfect. I just know it. Kat,
can we see the rest of the place?"

"Sure." Rocky and Katina lived in an apartment carved out of the third floor
loft. "It's technically illegal. We don't have an occupancy permit but since
we're paying for the whole building and can't afford another place, we're making
do for now." The loft was divided into four apartments, one for Rocky and Kat,
another for Kit, short for Kitanalla, Kat's younger sister. The other two
apartments were vacant. One served as a huge dressing room and the other was a
storage area. Rocky installed the extra plumbing including multiple showers in
the dressing room.

While they checked the place, Kat told them about herself. She was twenty-nine,
almost thirty. Rocky was thirty-two and had spent two years in jail. He no
longer drank or did drugs and hadn't been in any trouble in more then five
years. They had two young kids, two and five. Kit was twenty-five, divorced, and
on her own with a four-year-old. They also met Shirley, Rocky's kid sister, who
was babysitting. Shirley was 18 and obese, over two hundred fifty pounds.

"You ought to start dancing," Maria told her. "It'll take the weight off."

"Me? Dance? Shit, girl, I'd drive their last customer out."

"No way," Maria insisted. "Most real guys like their women to be real. You don't
see any of us with boob jobs, do you?"

On the drive back home, Darlene and Katy grudgingly admitted that they, too,
liked Kat and Rocky. Neither was convinced that the club would ever make it.
Dwayne dropped Katy off at her apartment. Maria slept on Darlene's sofa.

--=*=--

At exactly five, Maria was standing at the door to 'Kit Kat's'.

Nine men waited with her. Only one had seen Maria the night before, the old man
who removed her top. Today, he was clean-shaven. "You ought to see this lady
move," he told the others. "Damn, but she's hot."

"Why, thank you," Maria grinned, giving him a kiss on the cheek. When a hand
goosed her, Maria whirled around. "Look, guys. I'm a dancer. I'm pretty liberal
and all, but I dance to make a living, OK? I am NOT a whore. Hands off. Once I'm
into the mood, I might allow a little touching, but that's my choice, got it?"

"She's like Kat," the old man said to the rest of them. "And the law says it's a
felony to touch if she don't want it. Sexual assault. You'd have to register as
a sex offender. And make no mistake about it, I'll testify against anybody who
puts a hand on her."

"Let's not get too extreme, sweets," Maria told him, giving him a friendly hug.
"Whoever it was, was probably just trying to pat my fanny and missed. By the
way, what's your name?"

"Tom," he answered. "And not one crack about Uncle Tom," he quickly added,
raising his cane at the other men threateningly just as the lock clicked and
Rocky swung the door open. Rocky's surprise was obvious as nine men pushed past
him and two white guys got out of a car at the curb to come inside.

"What time's the dancin' start?" one man asked. "As soon as you all have a
drink," Rocky grinned.

"Not two?" a white man questioned. "How much?"

"Depends on what you're having," Rocky answered.

"Not seven or eight or ten bucks, no matter what?"

"Nope. Our prices are posted."

The white man looked at the board over the bar and said, "All right!" He and his
buddy rushed to get a seat at the stage.

The other men, except Tom, also took seats along the stage. Kat wasn't down yet,
so Maria tossed her jacket and gym bag onto the bar, grabbed a pad and pencil,
and started taking drink orders by the stage steps and worked her way toward the
bar. She didn't need the pad. Seven draft beers, two Budweisers, and two
run-and-Cokes were quickly delivered. When she took the tray back to the bar,
she fished around in her bag and handed Rocky a piece of paper and a stack of
CDs. "Do you have a portable microphone?"

"A couple," he answered as he scanned Maria's note.

"I'll want one for my second set, OK?"

"OK. Ready to start?"

"Anxious. We don't want to lose any of our customers."

"Go for it," he grinned, turning to insert the first CD and punching in the
track that the note said Maria wanted.

"Not too loud," Maria told him. "You know, you need to put a couple speakers by
the door to attract people from outside so you don't have to turn everything up
so loud." She quickly skipped over to Tom as the music started, a slow Latino
instrumental. She smiled broadly as she approached him. Tom smiled back.

To begin her first full night of dancing, Maria wore a bright yellow halter top
with ties behind her neck and in the middle of her back, and a matching
wrap-around skirt. She squatted down in front of old Tom so he could pull the
ends of the bowknots. Maria cupped her hands over her breasts to hold the top on
when the straps fell away. She teased her little audience a bit before turning
to face the old man and lean forward. He turned his palms up to receive the
garment.

The soft, slow guitar instrumental suddenly changed tempo to a wild Latin beat.
Maria jumped around and shook her body with the beat, running her hands through
her long mane of shiny black hair. She danced along the floor beside the stage,
then turned and went back to old Tom to present the bow at her hip just as the
tempo of the music slowed again. Tom performed his duty, holding the end of the
bow so Maria could back away slowly and then spin out of her skirt as the beat
picked up.

Wearing only a neon yellow g-string and heels, Maria got into the dance,
circulating by each of the men and dancing for just him for a few moments before
moving on to the next customer. When two more men appeared from under the heavy
drape at the door, she gestured to them and smiled as she worked her way around
the low bar at the edge of the stage. Kat appeared just in time to take drink
orders from the newcomers.

When the first song ended, Maria asked loudly, "OK, guys. Your decision. Do I
get naked on stage or do I dance down here like this?"

"I heard you dance naked at tables."

"Oh, no way," she said with exaggerated seriousness. "That would be illegal."
Then she smiled broadly at the man and used a stage whisper to tell him, "But
maybe later, after nine or so, if there are no cops around, maybe." She
straightened again. "What'll it be? Naked on stage? Let me see your hands." Six
hands went up.

"G-string down here." Seven hands. "Music, Rocky."

And the 'Theme from Rocky' burst out of the speakers. Kat was busy with more
customers coming through the door. Maria danced wildly, spinning and swaying.
After each spin, she ended up in a man's lap. "I am _SO_ clumsy," she wailed
loudly, wiggling a bit as she got back up onto her spike heels, usually with a
helping hand from one or two of the men.

Just as 'Rocky' was ending, Maria mounted the stage and presented the bows at
each side of her g-string to men seated along the bar. They pulled until the
knots untied and the ends of the strings separated. When the front patch stayed
in place, she cooed, "Oh, dear. It seems that I need your help." She offered
another man the dangling string on one side. She clenched her butt cheeks around
the string up her backside and played tug-of-war with the man, giggling when the
patch of fabric pulled away from the two-sided Scotch tape she stuck to her
belly. To end the game, she bent at the waist, stepped over the elastic, and let
the man slowly strip the string out of her butt crack. The guy played along with
her games, sniffing at the string and patch of fabric, then letting out a long,
satisfied sigh. As a reward, Maria did her nastiest dancing for him, spreading
her legs and bending to display her freshly depilated pussy lips and asshole.

Mental Mistress made her do it. She used depilatory cream rather then shaving
her bikini line because after shaving, Maria got an unpleasant rash followed by
ingrown hairs and terrible itching for a week. She learned about depilatories at
GWU. Wanda recommended a brand that was long lasting. According to Wanda, the
hair that did grow back would be lighter and thinner, too. She had been
experimenting for a while, then just spread the cream everywhere early that
morning.

Some of the men commented about her bare mons. Maria wanted to hide, to cover
up, to... But MM ordered her to show everyone. "You have to save the Kit Kat
Klub," MM kept telling her. "Do it for the children, Kat's and Kit's. Do it for
little Benjamin so Katy won't have to work when he's older."

Since Kat was busy talking to a patron, Maria motioned to Rocky to put another
song on. He picked a short one. When it ended, Kat was waiting at the steps.
"What is this?" she demanded, holding out a card.

"When a business needs more business, a business has a sale, so we're having a
sale on table dances."

"You could have asked. You should have said something."

"There wasn't any time," Maria told her. "You had customers waiting as soon as
you opened the door."

"Well thanks," Kat grinned, hugging the naked girl before she ran to the middle
of the stage to begin her set.

Maria danced down the edge of the stage to retrieve her g-string. She borrowed
the man's finger to hold the strings in place while she tied a bowknot on each
side. "Thanks," she told him, kneeling at the edge of the stage so she could
kiss his forehead and so that he got a spectacular view of her erect nipples
dangling at eye level.

As soon as Maria descended the steps, several men held cards aloft. "I gotta get
drinks first," she called to them. "If you keep yer shirts on, I'll leave mine
off." Maria left her top in Tom's safekeeping and skipped to the door to greet
some new customers and to take their drink orders. When she returned with the
drafts, she saw Kit dancing at one of the tables. Maria headed for another table
where she had seen someone holding up one of her cards.

Maria danced enthusiastically for the whole song. When it ended, she was about
to move on when a guy at the same table produced a twenty-dollar bill and
slipped it under the elastic of her g-string. She made sure that he got his
money's worth, rubbing her hand over the bright yellow patch that covered her
pussy as she ground her body against an imaginary lover. It was her first,
official, paid-for-in-cash-at-full-price table dance.

Maria's feet already burned from running around and dancing in spike heels.
Mental Mistress demanded two hours in those heels and the tiny g-string. Maria
thought she would feel embarrassed by the brevity of the garment, just a tiny
yellow patch of fabric and thin elastic [Image] strings. What she actually felt
was elated, giddy, silly, happy, sexy, and brave. Everything was working, and
working faster and better then she hoped.

--==*==--

Early that morning, Maria woke herself with a dream filled with orders and
images of Mental Mistress still fresh in her mind. She even saw MM for the first
time, a domina in black leather bustier and leather shorts, black high-heeled
boots laced to knees. If only MM had a face.

Maria spent all the money she made last night, $25 for the setup and design, and
$25 for the box of business cards. The design was simple: a cat face on each
side, Kit Kat Klub in big letters, the address and directions, and 'GOOD FOR ONE
FREE TABLE DANCE' with a tiny disclaimer, 'one free dance per customer per
night', across the bottom. The Quick Print shop did them in only an hour.

Thank goodness, it was a relatively warm day. Maria put on the yellow
micro-mini, halter-top, and g-string that she bought weeks earlier. Slipping on
her jacket, she headed out, working her way toward Kat's place. She approached
men who ogled her and asked, "Want to see me naked?" Then she handed the man (or
men) a card and quickly moved on.

"This better work," she told MM aloud, feeling silly talking to an imaginary
domme. Cab fare for all the short trips was rapidly burning up her meager
savings but she couldn't walk far in the high heels. She visited malls, shopping
centers, and office buildings. She left a few cards on the bench at D.M.V. She
handed a card to each cab driver, and left another one on the cab's back seat.

Her last taxi ride dropped her off on a busy street just a few blocks from Kat's
club. She managed to pass out a dozen more cards before she walked to work,
escorted by two young black men. Their conversation was filled with sexual
innuendo, but they were otherwise perfect gentlemen. Both were still in the
club, seated at the stage, nursing their first drink. They were working class
guys like her father.

Even though her feet hurt, Maria had to keep smiling. MM's orders. She didn't
get a break for the first two hours. When she wasn't on stage dancing nude, she
was doing a table dance or acting as waitress. Tips for delivering beers, the
most popular drink, were small but consistent. "Keep the change." Fifty cents
here, fifty cents there, a dollar, then another. As the clock showed 7:00, Maria
felt good as she slipped $100 into the moneybag with her name on it. She handed
it to Rocky and asked that he keep an eye on it.

With her gym bag slung over her shoulder, Maria skipped up the two flights of
stairs to the dressing room. She stuffed her hair into a loose shower cap and
took a two-minute shower to remove some of the sticky sweat. She brushed out her
hair and made ponytails high on each side of her head, pulled on a white thong
panty and tank top. The top was thin, stretchy, small, and cropped so her
breasts held the hem of the top out. Even stern MM knew she would need a break.
For the next two hours, Maria was allowed to wear sneakers.

When she skipped back down the stairs, Maria saw more people coming in the door.
Kat was dancing on stage and Kit was delivering drinks, so Maria greeted them,
seated them, got their beers, and then took the card they offered and gave them
the free table dance. Kit was at the bar when Maria got back there. "I'm pooped
already," she sighed.

"Me, too," Maria admitted. "But I'm making pretty good money."

"Me, too. The free dances were a good idea."

"If I can just last the night," she grinned as she gripped the handles of six
mugs and hurried to deliver them.

"How about another dance?" the man asked, putting six dollars on her tray to pay
for two beers. Another dollar tip but she turned down the twenty.

"Can't. I'm up next. If you wait ten minutes, I'll come by. Otherwise, I can ask
Kat or Kit to come over."

"I'll wait," the man smiled.

Maria waited at the back of the stage next to the steps while Kat finished
dancing through the last song of her set. "I hope your friends hurry up," Kat
panted as she picked up her bottom.

"They said they'd be here by nine," Maria told her as she strutted forward to
start her set, shedding her top quickly. MM pointed out a vacant chair and Maria
had to step down from the stage to the bar to the chair and down to the floor,
dancing past every occupied table in the club and returning to the stage before
the first song ended. She shed her bottom as the second song started. Then MM
demanded that she show pink. 'Just showing my bald lips is bad enough,' Maria
complained to her imaginary boss. But MM wouldn't let her back out. MM wouldn't
let her put her top back on, either.

When Maria finished her set, she went to the table where the man had asked for a
table dance. He ordered two more beers for him and his buddy, "and a tall Coke."
Two more tables also needed refills. She dropped off the other drinks on the way
and finally made it back just before a new song started.

"Sit down. I want to see you dance without moving from that chair."

"Huh?" Maria was confused.

"Take a break," the man said, handing over a twenty. "I'll just stare at your
tits for a few minutes if that's OK." But he was looking into her eyes, smiling.
"The Coke's for you. I hope it's OK. Or would you prefer Sprite?"

"Perfect," Maria smiled. 'He deserves a show,' MM told Maria. 'Give him one
he'll remember.' 'How?' Maria asked as she sipped the coke, the ice pressing
against her upper lip. It was a hint. No. An order. She fished a crescent shaped
piece of ice out of the glass and wiped it across her forehead, down her cheeks,
around her throat, around her breasts, around and around her nipples, flicking
each nubbin with the chunk of ice until it was too small to hold and her nipples
were seriously erect.

'The song's not over,' MM growled into Maria's mind. 'Make love to your glass.
Lick it like it's a pussy. Suck on a piece of ice like it's his cock.' With new
orders, Maria made drinking the rest of the Coke an erotic tongue dance. Her
pussy had received signals from her cool tits and now the mental image of what
she was doing in front of strangers had her tingling under her thong. Damn, it
felt nice to relax and enjoy herself.

Maria suddenly realized that fact. "I really am enjoying this," she mumbled
aloud.

"So am I," the man grinned.

"Good," she smiled back. The song was ending. Mental Mistress was already
telling her to 'get back to work.' 'Slave driver,' Maria snapped at the
imaginary domina. She obeyed the order but not before she leaned over and put
the traditional smooch on the man's forehead. Her aim was true. Her nipples
grazed the backs of his forearms where they rested on the table, just like MM
demanded.

As she looked around, Maria saw bills held in the air. She yelled to everyone
that she had to take drink orders first. On her way to get the beers, she heard
a man telling Kat, "Do what she did." When she didn't understand, the man told
her about it.

"Well, she took ice and sort of made love to it and to her drink. She rubbed the
ice all over, on her nipples and belly and then she licked her glass and sucked
on ice cubes. Man was it hot."

"Like this?" Kat asked the guy. Kat's style was different. She cupped one hand
under her boob to hold it up high as she iced her nipple to erection. The guy
panted out suggestions as the chunk quickly melted, liquid dripping off her hand
and breast to trail down her belly. Kat made every sip of the coke a show in
itself.

When they met at the bar later, Kat asked Maria, "Are you sure you've never done
this before?"

"Yep, well, ah, nope. I mean, it really is my first time."

"That was quite a trick with the ice. The breaks are nice for us and the guys
love it. Got any more great ideas?"

"They're not really my ideas. Mental Mistress tells me to do things and I just
do 'em. I'll have to tell you about it some day."

"You do that. I sure hope your friends get here soon."

Maria nodded agreement as she headed back to deliver icy mugs of beer to two
tables, then did a table dance at another. When she finished that dance, she had
just two more songs before she had to go back on stage for another set. She
sighed. She was already exhausted but she felt good in the way she felt after a
workout at the gym during her final weeks at GWU.

Movement at the doorway caught her attention. Ten young men stood together. All
of the other men in the club were obviously well over 21 years old. Several of
these guys looked like teenagers. Because customers were already waiting at
opening time, Maria wasn't sure of the procedure for carding customers. She
wasn't even 21 yet, herself. 'Oh, well. I'll cope,' she decided.

"I.D., please," she said firmly. She looked at the men's faces.

They all looked at her exposed boobs. 'But that's why I'm here,' Maria reminded
herself as she checked driver's licenses and ID cards closely while pulling her
shoulders back to display her chest. All had profiles on their licenses and she
had to look closely at the dates. They were all 21 but barely. The fifth card
looked pretty good but she knew it was fake. Her brother had one just like it.

"Are you the designated driver?" Maria asked.

"Ah, well, I, ah..."

"I can't take a fake card," Maria told him. He finally looked up at her. "Let's
see your driver's license."

"I, ah... I don't have it with me."

"Don't try to bull shit me. Give."

"I guess I'll see you guys later," the young man said dejectedly. He put out his
hand for the ID card.

"Oh, no. I'm holding onto this. Now, as long as you're over eighteen, you can be
in here. You just can't drink. You can be a designated driver, but you can't be
designated driver unless I see a driver's license. So give." Maria extended her
hand, palm up, her fingers wiggling. The guy fished out his billfold and finally
presented his operator's license. "All right, William. Or do they call you
Bill?"

"Will."

"OK, Will. You're the designated driver. Now let's see yours."

The next young man presented his license and smiled broadly.

Maria looked closely. Then she looked again. "It's your birthday."

"And I'm twenty-one," he grinned broadly.

"Good. You're next." The last guy was almost twenty-two. They went to the far
side of the stage and pushed three of the little cocktail tables together and
arranged the chairs around the back of the row so they could all see the stage.
From under the elastic at her waist, Maria pulled out two of the 'FREE DANCE'
cards she had already cashed and presented them to Will.

"We have coffee, Coke, and Sprite," she told him. "And, as designated driver for
three or more others, you get one free dance as a reward."

"I'm a designated driver, too," a guy in the middle announced.

"Not one drop of alcohol, then."

"I don't drink much anyway."

"You drink nothing tonight," Maria frowned. "I'll bring your cards when I come
back. Now what do you want to drink?" They chose beers, six drafts, a Bud, a
Miller... and two cokes.

Back at the bar, Maria asked, "Do you have any tape?"

"Will masking tape do?"

"Perfect. And a marker?"

Rocky gave her a roll of four-inch wide masking tape. She tore off two pieces
and used the marker to print 'DESIGNATED DRIVER' in big block letters. She wiped
the sweat off of her breasts and stuck the tape to her boobs to free her hands
to carry the heavy tray of drinks.

Playfully, Maria stuck the tape labels onto the foreheads of the two designated
drivers, gave the second DD guy two cards, and served them their soft drinks
first, then circled the tables to set the beers down. A song was ending. It was
Maria's turn to dance on stage again.

She met Kat on the steps. "See the blond guy over there with the flat top
haircut? His name's Larry and it's his birthday. He's 21 today. We ought to do
something special for him."

"Let's bring him up on stage a little later and all dance just for him."

"Super," Maria giggled, quickly moving forward to begin her set. The clock said
it was already after nine. She was so busy that she missed the change and break
she had planned for nine o'clock.

She wondered where Katy and Darlene were or if they were even going to show up.




Part 1 - Chapter Seven

Darlene, Katy, and Maria The Kit Kat Klub


Darlene was nervous. She had to park in the far back end of the vacant lot next
to the club. There were no lights back there, but lots of broken glass. There
just was no other place to park. She didn't see anyone among the cars, but a
rapist or robber could easily have been hiding in the shadows.

She and Katy jumped out of the minivan, slammed the doors, and walked quickly
back out to the relative safety of the lighted street. Four men were walking up
the street toward them. The two women quickly retreated to the greater safety of
the club.

"Is this the same place?" Katy asked as the drape swished closed behind her.
There were over a hundred men inside. Kit was on stage, dancing nude, and Maria
and Kat were dancing at tables. A moment later, as the four men came in behind
them, Maria looked up and saw them.

"I'll make it up to you, but I gotta go for a sec'," she told the man who had
just paid the $20 charge for a table dance. "Where have you guys been?" she
demanded of her friends. "We're going nuts in here. No matter. Get into
something skimpy and get back out here. Oh, and see the blond kid back there at
the row of tables pushed together, the one with the flat top? It's his birthday
so be real nice to him. Go on. Get to work."

Darlene and Katy hurried up the stairs to the third level to change. Darlene
wore her thong and a structured bra under her sweats so she didn't have to
change anything but her shoes. She also chose to wear white anklets to pad her
feet in the high-heeled pumps.

"I'll see you downstairs," she called to Katy, who had barely managed to peel
off her skin-tight jeans.

Once she descended from the mezzanine level, Darlene went straight to the
birthday boy. "You doing OK?" He nodded his head. "How about a table dance? On
me." Before she lost her nerve, Darlene released the hook between her breasts
and exposed her boobs to the young man.

As soon as her nipples felt air, they popped out in a rigid salute. Darlene felt
the tingle all the way to her pussy. Her clit was hard, too. A fold of lining
from the T-back panty was rubbing in just the right place as she began to grind
her pelvis. Just right. Perfect. She was well on her way to an orgasm when the
song ended. When she opened her eyes, she saw that Will's eyes were focused on
her tits. His mouth was hanging open. 'Designated Driver' was written across his
chest. He wanted her.

She wanted him, too, but the reason she was here was to make some money.

"And our next pair of dancers are Betty's Boobs," Kat said into the microphone.
With a start, Darlene remembered her stage name and realized that she was up.
She shuffled over to the bar to give Rocky a stack of CDs and then headed to the
stage. The music started before she got to the stairs, so she began moving with
the beat. She was already topless. Birthday boy still had her top clutched in
his lap.

Thanks to Lucy's coaching, Darlene let her big boobs do much of the dancing for
her. She never did get the hang of twirling tassels when Lucy tried to teach her
that skill, but she still practiced while the kids were at school. She tried to
remember the routine that she had practiced and realized that there was no pole
on this stage. "Damn," she snapped. Then she forced a smile back onto her face
and just moved with the rhythm of the music blasting from the sound system.

Her second number was 'Popcorn'. After hours of practicing in front of a mirror,
she could twitch the muscles in her shoulders and make each boob bounce
separately in time with the music. The original plan was to remove her top
during this song. Now she had to improvise. She held her hands behind her neck
and did her tittie dance, adding pelvis twitches and dips. She finally got up
the courage to unhook the sides of her T-back bottom and squat with her knees
spread.

"Look at that!" a guy seated at the bar gasped. Darlene blushed.

The guy was looking right at her oversized clit' sticking out at him. She felt
his eyes as if he was actually touching her. It was enough to make her terribly
horny, but she wasn't going to get off this way. Darlene found herself wishing
that live sex shows were legal. At that moment, she would have fucked almost
anything to get off.

Through most of her last song, Darlene showed off her 'pink', outlined by neatly
trimmed pussy hair (another suggestion from Lucy). Just thinking about all the
guys looking at her pussy and even inside was... She looked over her shoulder
toward the door. Then she looked back at birthday boy. She had to get off. Just
had to!

'I can't believe I'm doing this,' she told herself as her hands started rubbing
her pussy lips. 'But I've just got to get off.' She began fingering her clit'
with the fingers of her right hand just as the song ended. "No!" she screamed,
startling the men near her.

"More! More!" one began chanting, soon joined by others on that side of the
stage.

Kat needed to get control back and announced, "Our next performer is the Sex
Kitten. Come on down, Miz Kitten."

"I can't," Katy whined into the relative silence between songs.

"Come on up here, bashful," Darlene said, her horniness forgotten for the
moment. "Come on. We'll do our special dance. Come on. These guys won't bite
unless you ask them to. You can do this, babe. Don't chicken out now."

Even strip club patrons can be sensitive. They waited patiently as a nude 'Betty
Boobs' and 'Hot Salsa' in a thong coaxed the young and cute 'Sex Kitten' up onto
the stage. She was darling in her tiny, sheer camisole top and matching string
bikini panty. Everyone applauded when she climbed the four steps up onto the
stage and stood there nervously.

Maria rushed to the bar to tell Rocky what song to play while Darlene held the
youngster in a firm hug at the center of the stage. Katy sobbed softly while
Darlene stroked her hair. Rocky found the 'Dirty Dancing' CD, popped it into the
player, and selected track 1. As the music started, Darlene told Katy, "Do it
just like we practiced."

Well, not quite. Darlene was already nude. Katy giggled when she went through
the motions of swirling her hands around Betty's boobs and unfastening an
imaginary hook. Darlene's hands sliding under her top were real, though. She
tensed as the flimsy camisole slid up her torso but lifted her arms to reach
back and caress Darlene's cheek... just like she practiced. She smiled. It was
OK now. Her tits were out there for everyone to see. That was the hard part.
Showing her pussy would be easy after that.

Katy spun to face the crowd but couldn't see them, blinded by the spotlight that
Rocky turned on and focused on the pair. The slow part of the song was over. As
the tempo picked up, Katy got into the beat and rocked her hips to help Darlene
strip off the bottom. They traded places. Since Darlene had no bottom to remove,
Katy just slid her hands down the sides of Darlene's hips and legs.

No one would argue whether the long version of 'The Time of My Life' should
count as two songs, especially when two women were dancing at the same time. The
song finally ended. "Are you all right now?" Darlene asked as they both
acknowledged the hoots and applause with waves.

"Yeah. I'll be OK." She blushed when Darlene gave her a big hug under the
spotlight's brilliant illumination. Her cheeks colored again as the next song
began, a slow, sensuous one. Showing her freshly trimmed bush was agonizingly
humiliating and there was absolutely no way she was going to 'show pink' to this
crowd. But Katy endured her set and quickly pulled her panties and top back on
before leaving the stage.

Even though Katy wasn't as wild as the other dancers, she discovered that she
was in demand. The men loved making her blush during table dances. The customers
named Maria's ice show and glass licking routine 'break dancing'. Katy was soon
renamed 'Vani Kit', short for Vanilla Kitten because of her bashfulness.

"No way you're a sex kitten, girlie," Tom told Katy. "You's 'bout as vanilla as
day come. With cherry on top when you blushin'," he snickered. Kitallana became
'Coffee Kit'.

A little after ten, Maria remembered Larry, the birthday boy. She whispered her
plans to each of the other women, then went to collect birthday boy. "Come on,
Larry. We have a surprise for you." It took encouragement from his friends to
get him up and onto the stage. Then all five women stripped completely and
danced against him as he sat in the middle of the stage for one song.

For what seemed like an eternity, all of the women were busy. One a.m. finally
arrived and Rocky announced that the show was over. "How about table dances?" a
man called out drunkenly.

"Up to the ladies," Rocky yelled back, putting on some soft music and turning up
the lights a bit. "And it's last call for alcohol. Coffee's on the house."

When the women looked around, several twenty-dollar bills were being waved
about. Rocky put the spotlight on Katy to reveal her crimson cheeks as she
danced for one group. The white guys at the birthday party table were intrigued
with the two black women, especially after they learned that they were sisters.
"You even look like sisters."

"We all look alike to you honkies," Kit teased.

"No way," they protested. "Most black women are fat."

"Is Lenda Murray fat?" Kit challenged.

"Who's that?" one asked. "Former Miss Universe, a body builder," the older of
the two designated drivers told him. "She's got muscles in places where most
women don't even have places."

Maria saw that Tom was still in his place and went to give him a free dance.
"Thanks for being here for me," she told him as she settled into a chair and
plucked a chunk of ice from her glass.

"I should be thanking you," he grinned. "I haven't felt so young in twenty
years."

"Is there anything I can do for you?"

"Nah. I get along OK on my pension."

"Too bad. I was kind of hoping you'd help Rocky behind the bar."

"You serious?" Tom asked.

"He couldn't keep up with us tonight. You could just perch on a stool and pull
drafts, I bet."

"You haven't even asked him, have you?" Tom challenged.

"OK, so I'll ask."

"And I'll think about it," the old man said, getting up stiffly, using his cane
for balance. "See you tomorrow night?"

"I'll be here."

"I'm looking forward to it."

--==*==--

"I can't believe it," Katy squealed. "Five hundred eleven dollars for five hours
of work. That's a hundred bucks an hour!"

Darlene hadn't made nearly as much, but her take was still many times what she
would have made working for eight or more hours at the child care center.

"We should tip our boss slant bouncer slant bartender," Maria announced, taking
five twenty-dollar bills from her stash.

"No way," Rocky said, putting up his hand. "This is the first weeknight that
we've done more then break even. I should be paying you."

"Yes, you should," Maria snapped. "This is a business, after all. Now, where are
our employment applications?"

"Upstairs in the file cabinet," Kat answered. "I'll get them."

"And gratuity reporting forms," Maria reminded her. "I'll give you the receipt
for the cards later and you can write them off as a business expense."

"Only if you let us pay you for them."

"Deal," Maria smiled happily. "Now, you two go home and rape your hubbies,"
Maria ordered Darlene and Katy.

"Do you need a ride?"

"I can afford a cab," she told them. "Now go. Fill out your applications for
Kat's files so you can turn 'em in tomorrow. For now, just write down how much
you made in tips. Let's see now, Katy, I see that you made over two hundred
dollars. Not bad for five hours of work. I worked for eight hours and made..."
According to Lucy, under-reporting tips was traditional. "Just make sure you
never deposit more then you report. Now go home, you two. Shoo."

Darlene and Katy quickly collected their things. Rocky made sure that they were
safely locked in the minivan and that it started. By the time he made it back
inside, Kat, Kit, and Maria were relaxing up in Kit's apartment.

"I'm not very educated but, well, I read a lot," Maria was explaining. "Anyway,
I figured the club needed a hook and some advertising. Here. Give me your feet."

"It sure worked," Kit smiled as she put her feet in Maria's lap. "But I couldn't
handle two nights in a row like this one."

"We just need more help," Maria said, rubbing Kit's feet firmly. "At least six
on weeknights and more on weekends. Or maybe a few waitresses to take some of
the load off of us. Put Shirley to work. And keep advertising."

"As soon as we have the help," Kat said firmly.

"Amen," Rocky groaned, pulling his wife's feet into his lap.

"I'm going to have to reorder everything tomorrow. We served more beer tonight
then we usually do in a week. We were just lucky that they delivered this
morning or we'd 've run out. Actually it was yesterday morning now."

"We need to move some speakers, too," Maria told him. "I have a whole bunch of
ideas. We need candles on the tables. The heat helps stir up the air and clear
the smoke. And we ..."

"We?" Kat frowned at Maria.

"Well, you, I mean."

"No, it _IS_ we," Kat smiled. "Where's your moxie, girl? If I were you, I'd be
demanding a partnership."      [Image] "I'm just doing this to earn money so I
can go to college and meet a nice guy that I can marry so we can make bunches of
babies," Maria told them. "But I wouldn't dance at the other places we went to
because the guys who owned them were total sleezeballs. When you were so honest
last night, I just knew I wanted to work here. Tom helped, too."

"Who's Tom?" they all asked at once.

"You know. The sweet old guy."

"He's a bum," Rocky snapped. "One drink the whole..."

"He is NOT!" Maria growled, jumping to her feet so that Kit's dropped to the
floor. "He's retired and on a fixed pension."

"He just took up a table near the stage," Rocky snarled back.

"We should give senior citizen discounts."

"You're nuts," Rocky barked.

"If you only knew," Maria sighed, smiling broadly. "Guess I better get going...
unless you tell me to stay," she said slowly and softly, looking at Kit in the
manner demanded by her Mental Mistress.

"I think it's time for us to go," Kat told Rocky. She pulled him after her,
calling, "Good night," as she closed the door.

Maria sat back down, leaned over, and picked up Kit's feet to continue the foot
massage, working her fingers between each toe. "I must stink," Kit said, unable
to think of anything else appropriate.

"I don't mind," Maria grinned. "I'm just glad Mental Mistress let me off the
hook. I was supposed to suck your toes and lick between them. I really am nuts,
you know. Over the summer, I discovered that I'm submissive, like kinky
submissive. I couldn't have an orgasm unless somebody forced me to do the nasty
orgasm-producing stuff. Well, when I got back home, I wanted to cum but there
was nobody to tie me up and order me around. I know this sounds really weird. I
guess I better start at the beginning. That was last... Wait. New orders from
MM. The story can wait. Right now I have to shower with you and then we get some
rest."

"Maria, I'm not, ah, I've never..."

"Until this summer, I hadn't either. It's OK. Here's the deal. I am no longer a
woman. I am now just a vibrator, a sex toy. How about a robot? A pleasure robot,
your pleasure robot." Smiling broadly, Maria began speaking in a nasal, monotone
imitation of robot voice. "My prime directive is give pleasure. If I fail to
comply with my prime directive, I will self- destruct. I must give pleasure or
self-destruct."

"You are one whacked out chick," Kit laughed heartily as the Latin pleasure
robot took her hand and led her to the bathroom. Out of curiosity, Kit just
stood there when Maria released her hand, waiting to see what the crazy young
woman was going to do next. The reality surprised her. First, Maria warmed the
water in the shower. Then she stripped Kit and put her in the shower. Kit wasn't
surprised when Maria stripped and joined her. After all, they had spent quite a
bit of time nude, and even hugged so that their bare breasts mashed together in
the club.

Kit stood passively, moving or turning only when Maria turned or moved her.
Under the spray to wet her hair. Farther out so the spray pelted her chest while
Maria poured out shampoo and worked it into a luxurious lather. Back under to
rinse. Back out while the Latina used her fingertips to wash Kit's face. When
Maria got to her breasts, Kit momentarily tensed, but quickly relaxed when Maria
moved on.

Kit was confused. She was pretty sure that Maria wanted to make love to her. Kit
even admitted to herself that she was curious. What would it be like? She loved
sex with men. A bit too much, Kit admitted. Now, when she felt the need, she
masturbated to relieve sexual tension, but she never felt satisfied. How would
she feel, making love to a woman?

Kit waited. Being bathed was sensual, arousing her in a mellow, lazy sort of
way. A twinge as fingers rubbed soap through her curly pubic hair, then wiped
the soap away under the spray. Kit was still waiting when Maria turned off the
water and began to pat her body dry. Kit let the Latina lead her to bed, waiting
for a kiss, a caress, a sexual touch. Maria disappeared for a minute and
reappeared with bath powder, sprinkling it and massaging the white dust into her
skin. Shoulders, neck...

--==*==--

"You're just full of surprises, girl," Kit laughed.

"Pleasure robot," Maria said in robot style. Then she cracked up, holding her
belly, laughing so hard that it hurt. "I really got you going, didn't I?"

"And you left me high and dry."

"You needed to rest."

"And I got it. Sheesh, it's almost noon! Where's R2?"

"And you call me crazy?" Maria laughed. "What kind of mother names her first
born child R2?"

"Rochester the second, Rocky II," Kit explained. "When Kat's kids saw 'Star
Wars', they nicknamed him R2 and it just stuck."

"You named him after your brother-in-law?"

"Yeah," Kit smiled, settling into a chair by where Kit put the eggs, bacon, and
toast. "I was a dumb kid gettin' in trouble all the time. I got knocked up and
tried to hide it, but Kat knew."

Maria saw the pensive look. "Who was the father?"

"Best he never know," Kit answered.

Maria was about to ask who should never know, the father or R2. 'Change the
subject, idiot,' MM ordered. "R2 really likes his pre-school. What time does he
get home?"

"Twelve-thirty. Then we get our quality time together."

"Good," Maria smiled. "You do quality time. I'm going to help Rocky get ready
for tonight. I bet Friday nights are wild."

"Not like last night," Kit grinned. "Until now, anyway. How many more of those
free dance cards did you hand out?"

"A box of two hundred and fifty."

"And we saw what, forty or fifty last night?"

"Something like that." Maria cocked her head and obeyed another order. "Are you
disappointed I didn't try to seduce you last night?" Kit almost choked on a bite
of toast, coughing hard to move the grit out of her windpipe.

Maria laughed at her. "I'm in no hurry. Last night was nice. I enjoyed what we
did without going any farther. Why rush? It's not like we're never going to see
each other again. Now go get R2. I have things to do."

--==*==--

Maria gave Rocky suggestions for placing speakers near the door and remounting
the spotlight so he could aim it more easily from where it hung over the bar.
Then she took a cab to pick up new cards that granted half-price table dances.
'This will attract even more customers so you need more help,' MM said. 'Find
Kat the help that she needs,' was the next order issued. "How?" Maria demanded
of the voice inside here head. "Where the hell am I supposed to find women
willing to dance naked? Shit."

"Got a dollar, lady? I'm hungry," a girl with garish cherry red and purple hair
in a row of spikes that stood straight up asked, extending her hand.

"Why don't you get a job?" Maria growled, frowning and clutching her bag.

"Who'd hire me?"

Maria stopped and looked. The girl had freckles under the black makeup that made
it look like she used charcoal for cosmetics. Maria counted six gold rings in
each of the girl's ears, three in her nose, one through the septum and each
side, one through each eyebrow, and two in her lower lip. Maria wondered if she
had any more piercings under her clothes. "Do you do drugs?"

"I'm rebellious, not stupid. Do I look stupid to you?"

"So, do you live on the street?"

"Too cold this time of year," the girl snapped.

"So you live where?" Maria asked.

"What's it to you?"

"Are you over eighteen?" "Where are you goin' with this, hon? What's... Hey, are
you going to give me a buck or not?"

"I was thinking about giving you a job. How'd you like to dance naked? That'd
really freak you parents, wouldn't it?"

"Leave my parents out of this."

"What's your name?"

"Gutter Rat."

"Bull shit," Maria snapped. "Tell you what. Give these out to fifty different
men, then come to the club tonight. If at least five men come in with one of
these, you get paid fifty bucks and I give you a chance to try out for a job as
a dancer. That's the deal. Hope to see you there." Before the girl could
respond, Maria strode away, ignoring the questions shouted at her back.

Maria found herself several blocks away, panting from her brisk walk away from
Gutter Rat or whatever the girl's real name was. "I need a break." Maria looked
around as the cold wind cut through her jacket. She was standing in front of a
church and wondered if they dared leave the sanctuary unlocked.

They did. Maria let the heavy door close by itself and went to kneel in the back
pew. She wasn't sure it was proper, but she was planning to pray for help, for
women willing to dance naked at Kat's club. She took one step and... "Are you
all right?" she asked the young blond cowering on the bench, clutching a cheap
cloth coat around her throat.

"I just had to get out of the wind."

"I know what you mean," Maria smiled. Streaks down the girl's cheeks showed that
she had been crying. "My hose aren't much protection." Maria slid off the bench
and onto the kneeler. 'OK, God,' she challenged silently. 'Is this one part of
Your answer to my prayer? Mary, Mother of God, guide me. Hail, Mary, full of...'

Maria finished the rote prayers that she memorized as a little girl, said the
act of contrition, and made a silent confession of her sins, questioning each
one. 'I have not been pure,' she confessed. 'Neither have my thoughts and my
actions been pure. Geez. Am I wrong, Lord? Am I a whore? I have remained a
virgin but in only a technical sense. Was the Baptist preacher right? He said,
"God is not stupid." I know you aren't. Is it really wrong to touch my own body?
Is pleasure, sexual pleasure, really wrong? Please guide me. I want to...'
"Amen," she finally said aloud.

"You're Catholic?"

"Very," Maria laughed. "It's part of me. 'I am part of the body of Christ' and
all that, even when I do things that the church doesn't approve." She giggled as
she whispered, "I was just praying about masturbating."

"You're kidding," the girl gasped.

"No, I'm not. So what's your story?"

The girl instantly burst into tears. Maria slid across the hard bench to embrace
the youngster. "I am just so totally fucked up." The girl cried some more, then
began telling a story. "I was in love, you know? I ran away from home with my
boyfriend. We were going to get married but, well, he... He never really loved
me. It was just sex. That was all he wanted. Sex!" The girl spat out the word as
if it were profanity. "But I couldn't go home. My parents... I was the oldest.
They couldn't take me back because it would set a bad example for my little
brothers and sisters."

"My parents would say I'm a bad example, too," Maria cooed, running her fingers
through the girl's hair. "But I know that mine would welcome me back as a
prodigal daughter."

"You're in church. You go every Sunday, don't you?" the girl said. Maria nodded.
"Well I was turning tricks for a pimp until a few days ago. I was a whore!"

"In some ways, I am, too," Maria said softly.

"I thought so."

"Why? Because I'm wearing a short skirt? I'm still a virgin if you consider that
being never letting a penis in my vagina. But I bet I have a lot more experience
at other sex stuff then a lot of married women. So what happened a few days ago?
How come you're here?"

"I couldn't do it any more," the girl cried. "I ran away from Darren just like I
ran away from home and from Kevin and..."

"And you're still running. Well, give it a rest. Come with me and you can do a
sexy dance, get paid a little, and not have to do any real sex. How does that
sound?"

"No. I'm done with sex stuff. I want to get a real job and earn an honest
living."

"Good. But first earn some money, get out of the streets, get your head on
straight, and then at least finish high school and give college or trade school
a try. Then you can get a job that pays a living wage. You have to start
somewhere, and I think it ought to be something you're qualified to do."

"I can't dance."

"As long as you're naked, the guys don't care much."

"I couldn't."

"Well, where else are you going to go?"

"I wouldn't have to, you know, do anything, would I?"

"You won't have to fuck or suck anybody, if that's what you mean."




Part 1 - Chapter Eight

Maria: New Recruits


Maria said a silent prayer of thanks and smiled. Everything seemed to be working
out. Yes, life was good. The slightly chubby girl she found in the church was
'Charli', short for Charlotte. Rather then walk in the biting wind, Maria hailed
a cab for the trip back to the club. Besides, she wanted to be there early. They
arrived just after four.

"It's C.O.D.," a deliveryman snapped at Rocky as the young women came in the
door.

"I know," Rocky smiled. Because of some lateness in paying for earlier
deliveries, most of his suppliers now demanded cash on delivery. "What's it take
to get on your good side again?"

"You're gettin' there," the man answered. He counted the bills, issued a
receipt, and slid eight cases of bottled beer off his dolly. Then he turned to
go back to his truck for another load.

"And this young lady is the reason," Rocky smiled at Maria. "She's a marketing
genius. Pretty good looking, too, don't you think?"

"Come by after work and I'll do a special dance for you," Maria cooed at the man
as he appraised her legs.

"No, thanks. I have a wife and kids to go back to."

"Good for you," Maria chirped. "I'll save that special dance for later. Rocky,
this is Charli. She needs a job."

"You have to be over eighteen. Do you have ID?"

The girl sat down and removed her shoes. Under an insole, she pulled out her
learner's permit from Ohio and handed it to him. "I'll need proof of citizenship
within a month, a birth certificate, original social security card, or..."
Before he could finish, Charli produced her original social security card from
under the insole of her other shoe. "You're hired, then."

Maria saw movement at the front door. Two faces peeked through the heavy drapes.
"Come on in," Maria called, waving to them.

It took a moment for their eyes to adjust to the relative darkness before they
moved toward the bar. "We's lookin' for jobs," one said. Maria and Rocky looked
them over, glanced at each other, then back at the newcomers.

"We are looking for dancers," Maria said carefully. "But you have to get off the
smack first."

"I don't do drugs," one snapped.

"Your eyes say you do," Rocky said. "Let's see your arms."

"Why the fuck you care? Shit, I can dance neked. I ..."

"Come back after you've been clean for a while. Then we'll talk," Rocky growled.
"But not before. Maybe I should call the cops. Are you carrying now?" Mumbling
curses and profanity, the pair quickly left.

"We still _do_ need more dancers," Maria sighed aloud.

"How about me?" a squeaky, accented voice asked softly from the shadows by the
doorway. "And me? Us?" a second voice asked.

Rocky saw movement in the dark area beside the curtains. The glare when the
first pair left temporarily blinded him. "Are you straight?"

"What do you mean by that?" a third voice demanded.

"Do you do drugs?"

"No way."

"Come on over here," Maria suggested. The new trio came forward, obviously
nervous. "You're all over eighteen?"

"Yes," each answered.

"Got ID?" Each produced a driver's license. "You're an answer to my prayers,"
Maria smiled, returning the identification cards. "Have you danced before?"

"Not in a joint like this."

"Need money, huh?" Maria said.

"Doesn't everybody?" came the snappy retort.

"Don't be so defensive," Maria told the big mulatto woman. "Gay gals turn guys
on like crazy. They're perfect. If he gets you, he brags about being so good he
turned a gay woman straight. If you shoot him down, he just says, 'Ah, she's
queer anyway.' It's a perfect setup for a fragile male ego."

"What makes you think I'm gay?" the mulatto asked.

"Because you look like a dyke." Maria saw no reason to lie.

"OK, so what if I _AM_ gay?"

"You won't mind being naked in front of a crowd of horny men?"

Her embarrassment was obvious. "No."

"Did you bring something to dance in? Good. Come on upstairs. Say, how'd you
find us?" Maria asked.

"Old Tom told me about your place," the smallest woman with the accent replied.

"Rocky, right at five, put on something with lots of rhythm and we'll all make a
grand entrance," Maria said as she left. He acknowledged his instructions with a
smile and a salute. He trusted Maria's instincts.

They were all upstairs before Maria got a good look at the new trio. Each was
unique. Melissa was a petite, very dark- complected, Afro-Asian with long black
wavy hair that extended past her butt. Her small breasts looked large on her
tiny frame.

Denise was very light-complected, obviously mulatto, and looked like the
stereotypical bull dyke with large, well-defined muscles, small breasts,
masculine attire, and dark brown, curly hair with a reddish tint styled in a
masculine flat-top. The sprinkle of freckles around her nose gave her a youthful
look.

Jane, short for Janice, was average height, curvy, black, and ultra feminine
looking. Charli stood nervously in the corner of the dressing room, just
observing the strange goings on. Maria seemed to have no inhibitions at all.

"Are you horny all the time?" Maria asked Denise. "You look kind of mannish and
full of testosterone. Is your clit' big?"

The mulatto's blush was obvious. "All of the above," Jane answered for her. "I'm
trying to tame her."

"So you're gay and kinky, too," Maria observed of Jane.

"For now," Jane shrugged. "None of us hates guys."

"Wear white if you have it," Maria advised as the women began to undress. "The
black lights make white stuff glow and it gets attention. Kat's the boss. She'll
explain everything." Maria ran down the hallway and knocked on Kat's apartment
door. On the way back to the dressing room, they found Gutter Rat in the hall.

"Didn't think I'd come, did you?" the girl challenged loudly.

"I'm glad you did," Maria grinned, motioning the youngster into the dressing
room.

"I'll start with the law," Kat addressed the group. "You can't touch the guys.
Dancing nude at tables is illegal. You can only be naked on stage. We bend that
rule sometimes but let's keep to it for now. You can't touch yourself sexually,
which includes your butt, nipples, and pussy. We bend that rule, too. You can be
arrested, and we can be shut down, if the cops see it and have a hard-on for us.
A set is three songs of about three minutes each. Everybody..."

Charli barely heard Kat's explanation. She feared that she couldn't dance nude.
Revealing her body to her boyfriend had been hard for her. Even hooking for a
pimp in New York, guys just wanted to get off. She got them off as quickly as
possible. That seldom required that she let the john see her nude. She could
usually just pull the crotch of her panties to the side for a fuck. Blow jobs
didn't require nudity, although a lot of guys wanted to see her tits.

"Let's see what we can find for you to wear," Maria said to her. "Get your
clothes off. Want me to help? Or me and Jane, maybe?" the Latina teased Charli.

"I... I don't think I can do this." Charli had always been ashamed of her body.
Some people described her as voluptuous or Rubenesque. Most said she was chubby.
Those who were less kind called her fat.

"Why?" Maria asked with genuine concern.

"I just can't."

"Can't? Or won't. Charli, this is legal and it pays good."

"I'll... Nobody'll pay to see my body."

"Bull," Maria snapped. "First, you're cute and so is your baby fat. Maybe you
won't make as much as some of these guys. Hell, I won't either, but it's a job.
You need a job, right?" When Charli nodded affirmatively, Maria teased, "If you
have any fantasies, try them out here. How about if us lesbian and bi- sexuals
gang up on you, huh? Would you like that? Or maybe you'd rather do it yourself?
Oh, well. Hey, try this." Maria produced the stretchy white lingerie she wore
the night before. "It's small to show off your bod'," Maria giggled.

Feeling like an ox among Thoroughbred racehorses, Charli shyly removed her coat
to reveal a short, white plastic miniskirt and loose tank top. She had no bra.
Maria told her that there was liquid soap in the shower stall and suggested she
use it. "You're a little funky."

A nice way of saying she stank. Charli knew it was true. She hadn't bathed in
several days and, until she met Maria, she had no prospects for a place to stay.
She slept on a bench in the bus station last night. She was about ready to try
to find a trick when Maria found her.

The shower felt heavenly. When she turned off the water and pulled the shower
curtain back, she was startled by a towel sailing at her. Maria was naked.
Charli bashfully looked away.

The atmosphere in the apartment that served as their dressing room was one of
intimacy, of female bonding, of mild kinkiness. Charli patted herself dry and
wished the towel was larger, that it would hide more as she held it in front of
her body. Back in the main dressing room, she heard Rat saying, "...through my
clit', just through the hood. It rubs on my love button, though. I can get off
just by pulling on it." Charli saw the skinny girl with her legs splayed out
wide, pulling on a gold ring between her legs.

"I can't do this," Denise whimpered, clamping her legs together tightly with
toes pointed in. She looked like a frightened little girl.

"Why not?" Melissa asked and Jane demanded simultaneously.

"I'm a freak," she sobbed. "I... Shit."

"We're all embarrassed," Maria said softly. Although nude, Maria walked
barefooted to the big mulatto woman and hugged her. "I still get embarrassed in
spite of how it seems."

"But you're not a freak."

Melissa giggled. "Come on, Denni. You promised. Guys'll love it."

"No, they won't. They'll make fun of me."

"Which'll make you extra money," Maria pointed out. "My friend Katy -- they call
her Kitten or Vanilla -- she blushes when she has to do a table dance. Guys pay
her to table dance just to see her blush."

"And they'll pay to see your little pecker," Jane snapped.

"Pecker?" Maria asked. "Are you transsexual or a hermaphrodite or something?"

"I'm just a freak," she snapped, tears still pouring out.

"Her clit's like a little pecker," Melissa told everyone. "It's like two or
three inches long, big enough to give a blow job."

"Like you'd know," Jane snapped.

"She told me you gave her one," Melissa giggled. "Didn't you?"

"So?" Jane growled.

"Exactly," Maria said firmly. "So what? My friend who'll be here later is the
same way. She's horny all the time and has a big clit'. So what? She gets
embarrassed because once she gets turned on, her panties rub her and keep her
turned on. Her clit's as big as the end of your thumb."

"We're all freaks," Rat said. "I have to work at it. You come by it natural.
Like they say, so what?"

"Can I see?" Maria asked shyly.

"Do you have any inhibitions at all?" Charli asked. She laughed, feeling more
comfortable now that she saw that everyone was ignoring her fat.

"I'm actually terribly inhibited. You wouldn't believe," Maria laughed. "I have
a voice inside my head that makes me be completely honest even when it
embarrasses me. I call it my Mental Mistress or MM, for short. I learned to be
assertive and open last summer. Now MM makes me keep it up but I'm basically
really shy."

"Couldn't tell it by me," Jane snapped.

"You guys are all together, aren't you?" It was a statement, not really a
question.

"Yeah, Maria," Melissa said. "We're all freaks. We met in high school. We were
the school outcasts. Janice is gay and black, Denni has mixed parents and a big
clit that she's always afraid someone will see, and I'm another mongrel, adopted
orphan. We're not at all [Image] alike but we get along great. Usually."

"How'd you decide to give nude dancing a try?" Maria asked.

"Old Tom. When we graduated high school last spring, we got an apartment in his
building. We talk to him pretty often and were griping about our jobs and never
having any money."

"It's a three bedroom apartment," Denni pointed out. "I'm not really gay."

Maria broke in. "Personally, I'm multi-sexual. As long as I'm forced to get off,
I can get off on men, women, vibrators, cucumbers, and dildos but I usually
settle for my fingers. I'm technically a virgin because I won't let a penis into
my honey pot until after I'm married, but I've taken a cock in my butt, sucked a
couple, and I gave some guys outstanding tittie fucks. I got off on that. Oops.
There's the music. No chickening out, now. Want me to be first?"

"If you don't mind," Jane answered.

"No, me," Charlie said, jumping up. "If I don't go now, I won't be able to go at
all."

"Shoes," Maria nodded. Charli quickly slipped on her cheap, white plastic pumps
and ran out the door and down to the mezzanine. The song Rocky put on was just
drums beating out a slow rock'n'roll march rhythm like the introduction to
Rose's 'Stripper'. "Put your hands behind your head," Maria whispered to Charli
as they walked across the mezzanine toward the main stairs down to the ground
level. "It'll lift your boobs and make 'em look bigger. And smile."

As soon as the line of women appeared, all the men in the place started
applauding. There were only twenty or so customers, but they made up for small
numbers with enthusiasm.

Charli sucked in her belly and turned to descend the stairs. It amazed her that
men were actually clapping and whistling... at her. Charli knew she was going to
die of embarrassment before she got down the stairs. "Smile," Maria yelled after
her. She couldn't help but smile back at all the faces smiling up at her as she
took one step every four beats, rocking her hips in time with the other three
beats.

For the sake of the dancers (and to lower fuel bills), Kat kept the club cool.
For Charli, the result was hard nipples poking against the tight, flimsy top.
She prayed that no one would notice.

Everyone noticed.

At home, forever ago, Charli loved dancing. Never having a male partner didn't
change her love of rhythmic body movement. In high school, fat girls didn't get
asked out to dances. That didn't stop Charli from dancing in front of her mirror
at home. Now she looked over the heads of the men and pretended there was
nothing out there but the mirror over the dresser in her bedroom. With arms held
high over her head, she kept moving when she got to the main floor. Only the far
side of the stage had steps. She had to dance all the way around the stage with
Rocky spotlighting her every move.

Maria held the rest of the women behind the rail that circled the upper level.
"I can't," Denise whispered to Maria as they watched Charli.

"Take a deep breath and hold it," Maria ordered. "Otherwise you're going to
hyperventilate and fall out."

"I can't even move," Denise groaned. "I'm turned on like crazy. My little
pecker's rubbing against my panties."

"Take 'em off," Maria said. "I've got it." She ran back to the dressing room and
came back with the wrap-around skirt and top she wore the night she found Kit
Kat's. "Take off your panties and just wear this."

Denise put on the skirt first, afraid someone would see her naked bottom. Maria
laughed to herself. Logically, she was going to be dancing naked in a few
minutes, so what was the big deal? But Maria had just gone through the same
ordeal. She understood Denni's need to preserve some modesty for just a little
longer.

The first song ended when Kat was half way down the stairs and another drum
piece with a Conga beat began. Kat picked up on it immediately, two steps
forward, one back, hip thrust right, two steps forward, one back, hip thrust
left, two steps... The younger women all prayed silently that they would look as
good at thirty.

Maria directed traffic. She sent Rat next. Alternating dark and light skin
suited Maria's aesthetic sense. She saw through Rat's bravado. The girl with the
colored hair and piercings was just as frightened as the rest but hid her fear
behind a broad smile and exaggerated locomotion.

"You're next," Maria told Melissa with a tap on her shoulder. At only 4'11", the
little Afro-Asian with long ebony hair was a contrast to the pale, lanky girl
with spiked purple/red hair. Mel, who chose the pseudonym 'China Doll', moved
sensuously and gracefully in comparison with the thrusting and bumping movements
of the women who preceded her. The swishing of her long hair added to the beauty
of her movements as she descended.

"Your turn," Maria told Denni. "Smile and go for it. Just keep moving to the
music. Give 'em a show they won't forget."

"I can't," she whined, even as she allowed Maria to push her to the first step.

"You can, too," Maria scolded. "Your butt hasn't stopped rocking since..."

"I'm about to pop," Denise said through gritted teeth, her eyes scrunched
tightly closed. "I'm ...Oh, fuck. I can't help it. Shit, I'm going to cum."

"Go," Maria ordered Kit, giving her a shove. "Go." Kit danced down the stairs,
hamming it up by turning her back and bending over, twirling so she almost
tripped, and generally having a good time. Her ulterior motive was to watch
Denni have an orgasm from dancing alone.

"You all right now?" Maria asked.

"No," Denni panted. "I can't. I can't go out there and... and..."

"Every guy here will think it's because of him that you're getting off," Maria
told her. "You are going to be a hit. You're sexy and beautiful and wild and
crazy and brave and get your brown ass in gear and get down there."

"I can't."

"Can," Maria said, wrapping her arms around the much bigger woman who looked so
mannish but was acting like such a prissy little girl. "Give me a hand, Jane.
Now let's go." Maria kept alternating orders with encouragement, bumps and
grinds with firm shoves. The feminine Jane worked on the other side. At times,
one pushed and the other pulled the reluctant young woman along until they were
all on stage.

--==*==--

Kit saw that some of the club's patrons were getting impatient, so she took
charge of the stage, taking off her top and teasing with her bottom. Rat
followed along, exposing her pierced nipples to win surprised gasps and then
applause from the men. Everyone was surprised that Melissa was next to shed her
top and then was first to go completely bare. She and Rat began a competition to
see who could be the most daring.

Rat won in the daring department but Melissa's beauty and sensuousness had every
man in the club drooling.

"I'm a freak," Denni whined as Maria and Jane pushed her onto the stage.

"The star of your very own freak show," Maria laughed. "Or will Rat be the star
with her piercings, huh? Melissa's doing all right, too. Now I feel like a cow."

"Me too," Denni whimpered as Jane pulled the string on the skirt and ran to the
back of the stage. "I can't do this."

"You're already doing it," Maria laughed.

"I... I can't... I can't... fuckin'... cum... in front... of... Oh, oh, fuck,
shit, damn, ahhhhhhh." Another orgasm, just from moving, from dancing, from her
pussy lips rubbing her big clit.

"All right now?" Maria asked the youngster who was panting hard.

"For a little while," she replied. "I still don't think I can do this."

"You can't keep cumming all night," Maria laughed. "Want to serve beers or stay
up here?"

"I'll dance now before I get turned on again."

It only took a few minutes for Maria and Kat to serve the guys their first round
of drinks. Maria asked Old Tom if he was ready to help out. "Sure." With his
cane in one hand and a bar stool in the other, he made his way to the back of
the bar at the beer spigots and planted himself on the stool. Since no drafts
needed to be drawn just then, he picked up the masking tape and marker and made
a rotation for the dancers that he posted on the mirror behind his perch. He
even made tapes for Betty Boobs and Sex Kitten with 'Vanilla' in parenthesis. He
set their tapes aside until they arrived.

Now that there were seven dancers, each woman only did a set on stage once an
hour. That gave them more time to wait on customers and table dance. They needed
the help. Word-of-mouth spread the news that Kit Kat's was the place for a good
time for working stiffs. Rocky's price list designated 5 to 7 p.m. as 'Happy
Hour' with special prices. Guys in work clothes and suits came in to hold tables
for their co-workers and ordered a dozen draft beers at a time. By seven, Maria
and Kat had to start seating customers on the mezzanine.

"You didn't tell us about 'break dancing'," Melissa complained to Maria. "I
thought they wanted me to spin around on my head."

"Sorry about that," Maria told her. "Did you figure it out?"

"Yeah. It's nice to have a break once in a while."

"It definitely will be before tonight's over," Maria said, grunting as she
lifted the tray with nine mugs of draft beer and started toward the mezzanine
stairs. Denni followed with a case of candles that Rocky bought that afternoon.
She quickly discovered that it was nearly impossible to get a match to the wick
deep in the glass holders. One of the men offered his help. He used his
pocketknife to split a swizzle stick and used that to hold the match. It worked
perfectly.

The candles Rocky bought from his supplier were on half-price special. That was
the only reason he bought them but his choice was serendipitous. The squarish
shape of the glass focused the light from the flames into four soft beams that
the customers used to illuminate table dancers. Although carrying drinks to the
mezzanine was extra work, the women were rewarded with extra tips and table
dances on the upper level so far from the main stage.

--==*==--

Darlene and Katy were delighted to see the extra help when they arrived at
eight. Old Tom added a short break, quick shower, and costume change to his
rotation schedule. Maria insisted that she and Kit take their break together and
shared the shower. There was no time to play around. After drying off, they
covered each other with bath powder and ended up looking like ghosts under the
black lights.

The radical differences in the women turned out to be a huge draw. Some men
loved Rat's kinky piercings. Others preferred the sensuous grace of Melissa or
Jane. Kit and Maria were popular for their energy while Katy and Denni were in
demand because of their obvious shyness. Darlene's boobs made her popular. And
Kat and Charli took up the slack when everybody else was busy, which was often
enough that they made good money without some special attraction.

At eleven, Darlene and Katy did their special 'Time of My Life' dance. It was
the only real feature of the night and quite a few customers had asked when they
were going to perform. Then Darlene did her 'Popcorn' number, dancing her boobs
as if they were independent of the rest of her body. She was in demand for table
dances for quite a while after that.

One a.m. and 'last call' finally arrived, ending the stage show. Like the
previous evening, table dancing continued until just before the government
mandated closing time at two. When the doors closed behind their last customer,
the women plopped into chairs near the bar. Rocky took time from washing mugs to
fill tall glasses with ice and Sprite. Maria served each of the women before she
sat down across from Denni to count her take.

"Was it as bad as you thought?" Maria asked the mulatto girl.

"No," Denni answered. "But it was more work then I expected."

"Was it worth it?" Maria asked as Denni's count topped two hundred dollars.

"Yeah. Here's my share of the rent," she grinned, reaching back to hand Jane a
stack of bills.

"It _does_ get easier," Kat told them. "And we're not this busy on weeknights.
Hey, Boobs and Vanilla. Go home."

"Yes mazza maam, missus boss-maam maam," Katy panned in a bad imitation of a
nineteenth century Negro slave. Kat made a face. Katy stuck out her tongue and
grinned. Kat smiled back. Even though Kat felt offended by Katy's manner, she
wasn't going to do anything about it just then. She was the boss, after all. She
needed good workers and Katy did her share.

"Uh, Kat," Darlene said seriously. "I can't be here tomorrow night. I need to
spend Saturday night with my family. If I did come, it'd be like ten-thirty or
later and wouldn't really be worth the trip. I... I'm doing this for them. I
want to make things better at home, not worse."

"Hubby problems?"

"Yeah. Making more money then he does, not being there for him, all that."

"We'll manage somehow," Kat told her. "Take care of yourself."

"I'll be back Monday," Darlene promised. "Ah, will you be all right?" she asked
Maria.

"I'm fine. Go on."




Part 1 - Chapter Nine

Maria and Friends: Bonding Party


"Don't," Rocky snapped when Maria got up to answer the knock at the door. "We're
closed."

"I called out for pizza," Maria grinned. "Call upstairs and tell Shirley to get
her butt down here if she wants some." She opened the door and disgustedly spat
out, "Ah, shit."

"What's wrong?" Kat asked. Maria's tone worried her.

"My tip was going to be a naked dance," Maria grumbled as she led a very
embarrassed young woman to the tables. Everyone pounced on the boxes as soon as
the pizza delivery girl slid them out of the warmer.

"Maybe she'd like a tittie dance anyway. It's not just guys who like to look at
women, you know," Jane teased as she wiped pizza sauce and a string of cheese
from her chin with her fingertips, then licked them clean.

"Ah, no, thank you," the girl sputtered. "That'll be sixty-six ten, please."

"I'll get it. I should have gotten something for everybody yesterday," Kat said,
peeling off four twenty-dollar bills.

"That's OK," Maria said, picking pepperoni from the box and stacking it on her
slice of thick crust. "You weren't expecting such a big crowd. You were
surprised. I do have a couple of favors to ask, though."

"Anything," Kat told her.

"Can we flop in the empty apartment upstairs? Rat, Charli, and me, at least."

"It's full of junk," Kat told her. "And it's not safe. No fire escape, smoke
alarm, sprinkler, or anything."

"We'll be careful. Just for a little while," Maria begged. "My roommate moved in
with her boyfriend and I had to let my apartment go and Charli has no place to
stay and I bet Rat doesn't want to go home either. It'll only be a few weeks,
max'."

Kat looked at Rocky. He shrugged, then nodded. "OK. But get your own place by
the first of the year."

"Agreed," Maria smiled. "Thanks. Now let's party."

"I'm pooped," Melissa complained.

"I know," Maria said. "But let's have a pajama party minus the pajamas, just us
girls and Tom and Rocky if Kat'll let him play. How about it, Kat?"

"Hands off my man," she frowned at Maria.

"Darn. I wanted to get my hands _ON_ him. Oh, well. You don't mind, do you,
Tom?"

One crooked front tooth gave character to the old man's smile. "What do you have
in mind, young lady?"

"Come with me and I'll show you," Maria said, standing next to the elderly black
gentleman. She smiled mischievously as she held her crooked arm away from her
body. Tom gallantly placed her forearm on his. "Let's check the accommodations.
It'll be fun. Come on everybody."

"Be right there," Melissa said, closing a pizza box to make it easier to carry.

"I thought you were tired," Jane grumbled.

"I've been an outcast for like forever and now I feel, well, like I kind of
belong here. We worked our butts off ever since we graduated and got nowhere.
Things are looking up if I make half what I made tonight on other nights. I want
to celebrate. Come on, you guys."

The others followed even though they showed less enthusiasm. Rocky fetched a key
from his apartment, apologizing for the mess as he opened the door and gave
Maria the key. Maria wasn't disappointed. The old mattress and box springs
stored against the living room wall were usable. So was the sofa, even though a
piece of scrap wood took the place of one front leg. Extra chairs were stacked
in the room, too.

The radiator clanged and hissed as it worked to keep the apartment comfortable.
An early December storm was blowing outside. Denni went down to the mezzanine to
get candles since the only lamp in the apartment had no bulb. She used the split
swizzle stick that she had kept in her fuzzy flat top to hold matches and light
a half dozen candles.

"Time for party games," Maria chirped.

"Before I do anything else, I need a shower," Kit told Maria.

"That's the first game. Here. Take one but don't open it yet," Maria said. She
held out eight sticky notes that were folded so the weak adhesive held them
closed. "Since you won't let us play with Rocky, you two are out," Maria told
her boss. "Everybody else take one. Yeah, you too, Tom." Once everyone had a
yellow slip, Maria explained, "We're going to conserve water and energy. That
way we'll all get a hot shower. Open your note and see who you're going to
shower with."

"Oh, no!" Charli objected before she even got a slip. "No way."

"Come on, guys. It'll be fun. You don't have to have sex or even do anything but
wash, OK? I know it's a little kinky, but so what? We've been dancing naked all
night. Come on. Be a little adventurous."

Jane asked, "What if we get our own name?"

"I guess you get to shower alone. Look, this isn't that big a thing. It'll be
fun. You and Rocky ought to take a shower together, too," Maria told Kat. "This
isn't a sex thing." Then she snickered. "But I'd be lying if I didn't admit I'm
kind of hoping Jane and Tom get paired up."

"No way," Jane snapped.

"Why not? Tom's nice. I said it isn't sex but it's sure sexy. Have you ever
washed a guy's hard-on?"

"What makes you think I can even get it up?" Tom asked.

"Because MM makes me look at crotches," Maria said, her eyes looking down shyly.

"I see. Well, I am afraid that you failed to think this through," the old
gentleman told Maria. "Not only can someone pick her own name, there may be no
pairs at all."

"Oh, but, see, well... Shit."

"The solution is easy. Only four pick. If someone picks their own name, they
draw again and if they pick one of the people who has already chosen, same
thing," Tom suggested.

"So who picks?" Melissa asked. "I'll be first so I could get anybody."

"Use those," Tom said, pointing to a pair of large furry dice in the corner.

"I remember those," Rocky laughed. "I got a ticket for 'dangling objects' when
those were on my rear view mirror."

"Low or high?" Kit asked.

"The four lowest rolls," Tom suggested. "But if you get one, you choose right
away. I'll roll first." The fuzzy die he rolled stopped on 6. "Guess I won't
choose."

"Me next," Melissa squealed, grabbing the foam filled cube and rolling it.
"Yeah!" she cheered herself when one spot showed. "Everybody give Maria their
slips so I can see who I shower with."

"I can't believe I'm still here," Denni grumbled.

"I have nowhere else to go," Charli whispered, handing Maria her yellow slip.

Maria held the eight slips out. Mel closed her eyes and grabbed three, swishing
her fingers until two fell to the floor. Slowly, she peeled the edges apart and
opened the slip. "I was afraid of that," she said softly, turning the paper so
everyone else could see.

"Yes!" Jane shouted. Then the feminine black girl scrunched herself into a
little ball of embarrassment and hid her face.

Melissa laughed. "You guys know Jane's gay. She and Denni and I have been
friends since ninth grade even though Denni and I are straight. She always
wanted to seduce us, and we, well, we're always teasing each other about it.
She's always promised that one day she'd get us naked and show us how good it
could be. She finally got to Denni because of a bet. She's never touched me,
though."

"Looks like she gets to touch tonight. How many women have you made love with?"
Maria asked Jane.

Jane sat on the floor with her chin resting on her knees and her arms circling
her legs. "Truthfully? Just Denni and she didn't give back, but I've known since
I was like ten that guys don't turn me on and girls do."

"It isn't so much men or women that turn me on," Maria said. "It's situations
and stuff. I get turned on when I'm embarrassed and when I'm helpless. The most
turned on I've ever been was when I was tied up and helpless. It was women who
got me off but I would have been just as turned on if it was a guy. Or guys."

"Let's get that shower," Rocky suggested to his wife in a husky whisper. She
rose and left with him.

"Go ahead and get cleaned up, you two. Leave the door open," Maria told them.
"We want to see that you don't do anything too nasty. There's safety in numbers.
One reason I got so turned on being helpless was because everyone there was my
friend and I loved and trusted them. When I get married, I'm going to be scared
shitless the first time my husband ties me up."

"I just can't see you letting someone tie you up," Rat said.

"For me, it's just _SO_ hot," Maria sighed. "I'm kinky. I told Kit how I can't
get off because of guilt and thinking sex is a sin. I had to invent Mental
Mistress to tell me what to do. It works for me. It's the only way I can get
off. You wouldn't believe how jealous I am of you, Denni."

"Me?"

"Yeah. You get off so easy."

"But I'm a freak. Anything that rubs me gets me, well... It's not hot like
sexual, it's like a real problem. It's purely physical, see? I want more than
that."

"Just like teenage boys," Tom broke in. "Guys go through a time when anything
that touches his cock gives him a hard-on. We're all afraid we'll get hard at
the wrong time and somebody'll think we're queer. I made a mess in my drawers
more then once from just the rubbing of a button fly."

"That's kind of it," Denni agreed. "I get the spasms and cum but it's not that
great without the loving and caresses and kisses and stuff. For me, those
orgasms are just annoying."

"I should be annoyed like that," Rat said. "I diddle my love button for an hour
and I still can't get off. The only thing that's ever worked for me is a
vibrator and even that takes forever."

"I never got off at all until my friends made me have one. That was just last
summer," Maria revealed.

"What's crazy is how easy I get warmed up," Rat said. "I feel sexy and turned on
quick just from thinking about doing sexy things. It's getting over the top,
getting the big-O."

"Hey!" Jane yelled from the bathroom door. "Got any towels?"

"I'll get some," Kit offered, heading for her apartment while Jane and Melissa
dripped on the bathroom tiles.

"You guys didn't even look," Melissa complained.

"Did you get off?" Rat asked.

"No, but it was nice."

"Like Maria and me," Kit said as she handed over a stack of bath towels with a
face cloth on top. "We showered together last night. I thought she was trying to
seduce me."

"I was. But you were so up tight and so tired that I'd never have been able to
get you off," Maria said. "Like I said, you turn me on. But I'm in no hurry. We
have lots of time."

"Maybe we'll get each other."

"Maybe. Who has the... OK, roll," Maria told Rat. The die showed two spots when
it stopped against Maria's knee. Maria rolled next and got four. So did Denni
when she rolled. Kit got a three and so did Charlie. "Guess you get to pick,"
Maria said, presenting the remaining slips.

Rat would never admit her fears. She quickly chose a slip from the middle.
"Tom," she said, blushing.

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to do," Tom said softly.

"I know. I want to. I... I... I've never been with a man."

"So?" Maria interrupted. "How many virgins here, huh?" Everyone except Tom, Kit,
and Charli raised a hand. "I'm only technically a virgin. I've given head and
got guys off in my butt and between my boobs."

"Doesn't that hurt?" Rat asked.

"What? A tittie fuck?"

"No. I mean up the butt."

"Not if you're ready for it," Maria said. "I know at least one gal who really
gets off on anal sex. For me, it's OK. I like the full feeling but I only climax
if I get direct clitoral  [Image] stimulation. Well, go on, you two. There are
more funky bodies here that need a shower."

"You don't have to..."

"I'm not going to chicken out," Rat snapped at Tom, quickly dragging her panty
down her legs.

"I may," Tom said softly. "I... This is a dream come true but I still feel like
I'm being unfaithful to my wife."

"Would she have wanted you to stay single, to never have another relationship?"
Rat asked Tom quietly and seriously. Then she perked up and loudly announced,
"We're just going to wash each other. This is for fun, not some serious
relationship, right?"

Tom smiled and wobbled to his feet to begin taking off his clothes. Rat went to
help. Maria thought that they looked cute together. Rat was pale and several
inches taller then her shower partner. Tom's skin was wrinkled and had lightened
with age, but he was still dark. "You're not cut," Rat squealed with delight
when Tom's cock poked through the slit in the front of his boxers.

"One hundred percent natural organic ingredients," he joked. He offered his arm
and Rat took it for the short trip to the shower. He walked carefully, leaving
his cane leaning against the chair.

--==*==--

Melissa and Jane's shower was silent; the only sound the others heard was water
pelting tiles. Rat and Tom were vocal. As the others talked in the cluttered
living room, they heard sounds from the bathroom. "You are a dream come true."
"Is my dream going to cum?" "Damn, that feels good." "Oooh, that feels nice." "I
think I like older men." Giggles. "Let me." More giggles and a masculine groan,
then female moans emanated from the shower.

"I guess I shouldn't judge people by looks," Maria told Denni as she gave the
big teenager a foot massage. "I figured you were a dyke because of your vest and
flattop and stuff."

"My hair's totally nappy and kinky. I can never do anything with it even with
hair relaxers, so I cut it off. It's really easy to take care of when it's this
short."

"I'm like Sampson. I'd die if you cut off my hair," Maria grinned, then turned.
"I didn't figure you for gay, Jane. You look so female."

"I am," Jane shot back. "I like female, both being female and making love to
females. Feminine women turn me on, not masculine dykes."

"You've only had one lover," Maria noted. Then she giggled. "And I thought she
was a dyke. Jane, you're kind of young to be so sure about your sexuality."

"Oh, I'm sure. I've never felt anything for boys but disgust."

"I was afraid you'd _all_ find me disgusting," Old Tom said, standing with Rat,
naked.

"Well, it's what's inside that counts," Maria said. "But your outside is pretty
good for what, sixty something?"

"Seventy-one," he smiled, proud of himself.

"And he can still get it up," Rat announced. She looked very different. Her hair
was light brown with a reddish tint with the dye and wax washed out. It hung
like a stringy mop around her head. Maria noted that the color was too even to
be natural and looked at the teenager's pubic patch of strawberry colored fuzz
to confirm her suspicion.

"I don't get it up like I used to," Tom sighed. "When I was your age, I'd have
been hard just looking at and thinking about you lovely ladies."

"Come on, Charli. It's our turn," Kit told the chubby white girl.

"I can't believe I'm so nervous," Charli blushed. "I've never showered with
anyone before."

"Neither had I until last night. Maria dragged me into the shower. I was afraid
she was going to try to seduce me." They walked side by side to the bathroom
without touching.

"I was," Maria laughed loudly. "You still turn me on. Actually, everything about
working with you and Kat turns me on. Dancing naked is a kick. And Rocky is _SO_
cute. Tom, can I suck your cock? Please? I love feeling a man get hard in my
mouth."

"Here? Now?"

"I have a thing for older men," Maria smiled. "The only man I ever let fuck me
was a friend's husband who was over fifty. He did my ass so I'd still
technically be a virgin. He was so gentle. I really got off on it."

"I really have died and gone to heaven," the old man laughed.

"Don't you dare die on me," Maria scowled at him. "You don't have a bad heart or
something, do you?"

"No, just bad knees and hip joints, as far as I know."

"You haven't, you know." Maria suddenly felt uncertain. "Tom, don't be offended,
please. But are you safe? You haven't, you know, been promiscuous or with
prostitutes or anything, have you?"

"I was married for over forty years and I was faithful for every one of them.
Maybe I better ask about you, though."

"You have every right," Maria admitted. "I haven't exactly been acting like a
shy virgin, have I? I really am, though. I've only seen or touched a few cocks,
and they were either in a rubber or they'd been tested so I knew they were safe.
Only one cock ever came inside me. I already told Kit about my Mental Mistress
who orders me around. Maybe I told you, too. I don't remember. Anyway, if I had
my way, I'd be tied up so I'm not responsible for what happens. I get off on it.
I sometimes like spankings, too. Psychologically, I'm submissive."

"Bull shit," Kit said. "You're a take-charge go-getter if I ever saw one."

"That's just MM."

"And MM is you. You are a strong, vital, smart, sexy..."

"Do you really think I'm sexy?" Maria teased, sounding hopeful.

"You know you are."

"And I'm ignoring our guest. Did you wash under his foreskin?" Maria asked Rat.

"You'll find every part of Mister Tom is clean," Rat giggled. "I kind of went
exploring. You guys may figure I'm experienced or something, but I'm a virgin,
too. Yours was the first adult prick I ever touched." She scooted over on the
sofa to kiss the old man while Maria knelt and lifted his flaccid cock to her
lips. Rat broke the kiss and told Tom, "You really turned me on. You sure know
how to use those old fingers of yours."

"Ought too," he sighed deeply, thrusting into Maria's mouth. "I told you... I
was... married... Oh, my..."

"I was wondering if it's the same with a woman," Rat said, running her fingers
through Maria's hair as she watched the Latina move her head up and down on the
growing cock. Rat looked toward Jane and continued, "Ever since I heard that
you're gay, I've wondered what it would be like with a woman, you know?"

"And I've wanted to touch your rings." Jane was glassy eyed with lust.

"I'm busy right now but we have all night," Rat told the black lesbian. Tom's
body fascinated Rat, the curly gray hair on his chest, the bareness of his
slight paunch, the wrinkles where his neck met his shoulder. "I'm going to have
to get a white boy friend, too. Look at our nipples. I bet everybody's nipples
are like fingerprints. Jane's are just a different black from the rest of her
but Tom's are kind of reddish black and so tiny. Mine are pink and spread all
over my tit. Denni's get long and hard like little pricks."

"Don't remind me," Denni groaned.

"They're neat," Rat grinned. "Can I suck on them?"

Denni groaned even louder and rolled her eyes. "Why do I only attract girls?"

"It's not... just... Oh, shit, that feels good. You... sure... attract... me...
young lady. Can I... taste?" Tom was panting as Maria worked her magic on him.

"This is just so unreal," Denni said, looking around.

"So come on over here. Let's see if we can't kill Old Tom with pleasure," Rat
giggled.

"I'll die happy," Tom smiled broadly.

"Come on, Denni. Feed him a tit. But kiss him first. His mustache tickles. It's
neat." Rat rolled against her senior citizen lover for another kiss.

"That thing... in your tongue. Now, ah... that's what's neat. Wild," Tom said
when Rat pulled back. Denni shyly sat down on his other side and leaned forward.
Tom smiled as the big girl's face approached his.

Denise would never admit it, but this was the first time she ever kissed a man
using her tongue. That her first French kiss was with Jane embarrassed her
tremendously. Denni figured that she should be just as embarrassed that her
second tongue kiss was shared with an old man, but Rat's comment about the
mustache aroused her curiosity. The actual kiss aroused much more then just
curiosity. She felt both surprised and humiliated.

"Your turn," Kit said, tapping Denni on the shoulder.

"She's busy," Rat giggled. The lanky girl saw Denni's nipples elongate as she
pulled back after a long, sensuous kiss. "See what I mean?" Rat asked Denni.
"Isn't he something?"

"Yeah," the big mulatto girl panted is if she had run a mile. "I guess there's a
lot to be said for experience."

"Do you eat pussy as good as you kiss?" Maria asked, pumping Tom's partially
erect cock.

"That's disgusting," Tom said, making a face.

"You never gave your wife oral sex?" Maria looked surprised, then smiled. "I
heard that. According to some survey I read somewhere, black men and women tend
to be more conservative in their sex. It's supposed to be a cultural thing, not
racial. Do you like to watch girls eat pussy?"

"I saw it in porno movies," Tom admitted.

"Did watching it turn you on?"

"I never really thought about it. That one act, I mean," Tom said, looking down
between his thighs. "I must admit that I liked watching the sex movies."

"Men are so visual," Maria giggled. Following orders floating in her conscious
mind, she added, "And women are delicious. Why don't you try one or two or a
few."

"I may have to," he sighed. "I'm not going to satisfy anybody with that." He
nodded toward Maria, who was still manipulating his cock. Under her
ministrations, it grew to full length but remained soft instead of rigid.

"Oh, bull shit," Maria snapped at him. "We're being distracting rather then
sensual. One of the great things about older men is how long they last. I bet
once you get hard, you could do all of us."

"I haven't had a woman in so many years," Old Tom sighed. "With my bum leg, I
can't even get into position."

"You are _SO_ conservative," Maria laughed. "Modern ladies like being on top.
Are you telling me you can't even lay flat on your back? Didn't your wife ever
do it that way?"

"She was sick for quite a while before she died."

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't dredge up bad memories."

"You're not. I loved her like the dickens. I hate admitting it, but she was in
so much pain, it was a relief when God finally took her home."

"I love that expression," Maria sighed. "Going home."

"I'm over it. I've done my grieving." The room was silent for long moments. "I
didn't want to ruin your party," Tom said to break the somber mood.

"You didn't. We're all just tired," Maria told him.

"I'm not," Tom laughed. "Slept 'til two this afternoon."

"Me, neither," Rat told him, reaching for his cock now that Maria had released
it. "I want to get fucked. I don't want to be a virgin any more."

"Safe sex only," Maria frowned. "Do you have condoms?"

"It's safe. I've been on the pill since I was thirteen and I'm still a virgin.
Tom's not promiscuous."

"Well, you ought to get to know him and his cock first. Stroke him and then suck
him before you even think about fucking him."

"Yes, Miss Bossy," Rat snapped.

Maria didn't want an argument. She looked up at Denni. "Come on. It's our turn
to shower."




Part 1 - Chapter Ten

Maria and the Kit Kat Krew: The Party Continues


Denni let Maria drag her to the shower. She stood passively as Maria warmed the
water. "You have to take off your bottom," Maria told her. "This isn't sexual
unless you want it to be."

"I don't know," Denise sighed. "I don't want it to be sexual. I don't want to be
turned on by women, but I get turned on by just about everything."

"So guys turn you on?"

"I don't know. I guess. Thinking about being with guys turns me on." Denni was
whining now. "I'm too big, too tall, too everything. My hair's a disaster. I
keep it short because it just sticks out everywhere in a total frizz and I can't
do anything with it. Maybe I should get implants so guys will notice me," she
finished, looking down at her pancake breasts with their long nipples.

"Guys notice you," Maria giggled. "They sure did tonight."

"Yeah. And they talked about my itty bitty titties with pricks on the end. And
my little prick." She sounded disgusted. "The only reason they noticed me is
because I'm a freak, not because I'm sexy."

"You've got to talk to Darlene," Maria told her. "She has a big clit and she's
horny all the time, too."

"It's embarrassing!" Denni snapped.

Maria was still laughing as she pulled the teenager into the shower with her.
"You should be me. Being embarrassed is a turn-on for me. I get this sexual
charge out of being humiliated in public. Even a danger of being humiliated is a
trip. I'm totally getting off on dancing nude."

"That's me, too. Sometimes," Denni admitted. "But you don't have a clit that
sticks out. I'm a freak."

"Turn around and I'll wash your back," Maria told the girl.

"Thanks. Damn. Maria, I'm not gay. I..."

"You're too young to sweat it," Maria snapped. "You didn't talk to Darlene. She
gets off on guys, girls, spankings, dildos, cucumbers, and probably breathing.
She's definitely not gay. She's happily married and has five kids. If you get
turned on by women, then say, 'OK, so what? I'm bi',' and deal with it."

"I don't want to be bi'," Denni whined like a little kid.

"And you want big boobs with little nipples rather then the other way around."

"That, too," Denise sighed, turning around. Her long nipples stood out and her
clit pushed out from between her outer labia. She wanted to hide herself without
insulting Maria. That wasn't possible. "See? I can't help it."

"I wish I was so physical," Maria sighed. "It takes me forever to get off. I
have to get my mind into it and fantasize being dominated. It takes me forever
to get warmed up good unless I'm tied up and forced to enjoy sex. I know it's
all mental. The brain is the sexiest part of everyone's body."

"Not mine," Denni groaned as Maria soaped her tits.

"Yes, yours. You're thinking about it," Maria laughed. "You're thinking about
your tits and cunt. Think about me for a while." She handed the bar of soap to
Denni and lifted her mane of hair out of the way. "Get to work."

Denni immediately started to tease Maria, sticking soapy fingers in the Latina's
ears and belly button, plucking at nipples until they stood up proudly, and
running the soap up and down Maria's ass crack. When Maria turned under the
shower spray to rinse herself, both of them realized that Denni's nipples and
clit had shriveled even though she was soaping a naked woman in a shower. 'Maybe
I'm not gay,' Denni told herself. 'Maybe it _is_ all in my mind.'

"I don't turn you on, huh?" Maria asked.

"Guess not."

"You do look like a dyke," Maria frowned. "We're going to have to bring out your
feminine side."

"Get me a boob job."

"Save your money if that's what you really want," Maria told Denni, patting at
her with a terry towel. "Come on. Let's see if we're going to have an orgy
tonight."

Denni felt confused. She could almost feel the sexual energy crackling around
the apartment even if she didn't feel very aroused herself. It was interesting
watching everyone. When they got back to the living room, they saw Tom on the
floor with Rat between his legs, sucking his cock.

"How does that tongue piercing feel?" Maria asked Tom.

"Fantastic." He didn't turn. His eyes were focused on Rat's bobbing head.

"Ready?" Rat asked, lifting her head and holding his now rigid cock firmly.

"I am only the instrument. You have to do all the work. I'm in no shape to be
deflowering virgins."

"Your shape looks fine to me," Rat smiled, straddling him to position her pussy
over his cock. She settled down slowly.

"Are you juiced up?" Maria asked.

"Spit," Rat giggled, lowering herself a bit.

--==*==--

Rhonda the Rat felt high on life. Until she met Maria and the other women, she
never fit in with any group. Because she felt like an outcast, she consciously
rebelled. She chose to shock people, her way of getting attention and some form
of acceptance. Showing off had become natural. Taking her own virginity in front
of a group seemed just as natural.

High school was hell for Rat. She spent her freshman year in Eielson Air Force
Base, near Fairbanks, Alaska. Her father, an Air Force colonel, was transferred
to the D.C. area in the middle of her sophomore year. He came alone to find a
place to live while her mother and brothers, one older, one younger, went to
stay at her mother's house in Georgia. Her sophomore year ended with barely
passing grades because of the difference in curriculums. Dad rented a house for
her junior year, then he bought a house over the summer and she attended a
different school her senior year.

Rat 'went Gothic', as she put it, at the start of her junior year. Her gangly
frame and pale complexion were perfect for the style. In her opinion, the
disapproval of her parents was a bonus. She was "grounded for life, young lady"
more times then she could count. It got worse each time the family moved.

Despite her apparent rebellion, Rat's true personality was very conservative.
She easily identified with Maria. Like her new Latina friend, Rat had to force
herself to be bold, to do the things she wanted and needed to do to assert her
independence and, more importantly, to overcome her fears. Maria's energy and
positive attitude were what gave Rat the courage to dance nude and to stay the
night in spite of her parent's ultimatum: "As long as you live under this roof,
you follow our rules." Well, she was no longer under their roof.

Sitting on a hard, black cock attached to a seventy-one-year-old man, Rat loved
holding the attention from him and the other women. She felt pressure and
stretching as she lowered herself more, then a 'pop'. "Was that it?" she asked
aloud, feeling herself slide down farther, feeling a pleasant sensation of
fullness. "I expected it to hurt. Am I bleeding?"

Tom groaned as she dismounted to look at his cock and swab her fingers through
her labia. "You did it, Tom," she giggled. "You popped my cherry." After
recoating his cock with her spit, Rat remounted her lover and began thrusting
herself on his shaft. "Gad, that feels good. I wonder if I can cum this way. How
are you doing?"

Tom didn't even hear the question. He was hypnotized, watching the silvery rings
on Rat's small tits swing up and down as she bounced on his cock.

"I need direct clitoral stimulation to get off," Maria told Rat. "Do you? Want
me to diddle you while you fuck?"

"Would you?" Rat loved attention. She loved the idea of being masturbated by a
woman while everyone watched to see whether it would help bring her to orgasm or
not. She loved Maria's touch even more, and when Maria dipped her head to suck a
nipple while strumming Rat's clit and flipping the silver ring in the clitoral
hood, the white girl began groaning, chanting, "I'm gonna cum. Oh, yeah, I'm
gonna cum. I'm gonna..."

Rat wasn't showing off. Her eyes scrunched closed and she grimaced as waves of
pleasure washed through her body. Spasms rocked her and left her quivering and
shivering with sensual relief. She fell forward onto Tom's chest, panting, slick
with perspiration.

--==*==-- Maria sat back on her heels. Her thoughts went back to her summer at
GWU and everything she learned. It wasn't the sexual things that came to mind.
Rules. 'Smile' was one. Every GWU student read Dale Carnegie's 'How to Win
Friends and Influence People' and they practiced the techniques from the book.
They all had to take part in sensitivity training. Maria knew that even though
the instruction concentrated on picking up signals from a husband, the same
techniques worked on other men, women, and even children.

--==*==--

"That was really hot," Jane said, breaking into Maria's rumination. "Almost
makes me want to try out a guy."

"Sex is all in the head," Maria chuckled. "You could get the same feelings with
a dildo if you warm it in the sink. Want to get it on with me?"

"Ah, I'm kind of tired."

"Chicken," Maria snickered. "I think that you're a virgin virgin, that you've
never had a climax with anybody but yourself. I'd kind of like to get it on with
you. What I'd _really_ like is if you tied me up and made me pleasure you."

"Got any rope?" Jane asked, accepting the challenge.

"There's a whole box full in the bedroom. I'll get it." There were actually
several boxes of rope back there. One of Kat's ideas was to use rope for
decoration, along with decorative fishing nets to create a nautical look. Along
with the sisal rope, there were heavy nylon ropes, both laid and kernmantle,
cotton and nylon clothesline, parachute cord, and sash cord.

"Thicker rope is better," Maria told Jane, who had followed her into the back
room. "Some people may get off on the feeling of rough ropes. For me, it's just
the feeling of helplessness. If I have a choice, I'd rather be comfortable while
I'm helpless."

"Like this?" Jane asked, finding two coils and a dozen shorter lengths of woven
5/8"-diameter nylon rope.

"It'll do," Maria said, taking one coil and some of the shorter pieces. Jane
picked up the other coil and a few more short lengths before following Maria
back into the living room.

Rat was still on top of Tom, her knees pulled up so she could grind her pelvis
while she hugged him. Tom had one arm behind his head, the other around his
teenage lover. He looked up as the pair came back in and smiled at them. "She's
using me."

"Looks like you're enjoying it," Maria grinned back.

"Oh, lawdy, yes," he sighed, closing his eyes to absorb more of the pleasure Rat
was providing as well as taking.

Maria dropped her rope and looked at Jane. Jane looked back. "What now?"

Maria started to answer, 'Just tie me up.' Then MM reminded her that Jane had
probably never tied anyone up before and may have never tied a knot more
complicated than an overhand knot. "What kind of knots do you know how to tie?"
Maria asked her.

"I can tie a shoe lace. That's about it."

"There are a zillion ways to do it," Maria told her. "The top, the one doing the
bondage, needs to use imagination as well as knot tying skill. If you don't want
to or if you can't learn to tie decent knots, you can buy cuffs and all sorts of
restraints. If I'm going to show you, we'll need a victim."

Rat was still working herself on Tom's cock. Charli was curled up in a fetal
position in the corner, a blanket clutched tightly to her chin. Denni had joined
Kit and Melissa on the old sofa.

"I need a volunteer to show Jane how to tie a woman up," Maria said to the group
on the couch. "Who's it going to be?" When no one accepted, she looked at Kit.

"Oh, no," Kit said, her eyes wide.    [Image]

"Pleeease," Maria whined. Her phony pout turned to a hopeful grin, raised
eyebrows, and a questioning tilt of her head. "Please?"

"Oh, OK. But no funny stuff."

"But funny stuff is what it's all about," Maria said as Kit got up from the old
sofa. "When you're tied up, you give up control. It's all about giving up your
power to somebody else."

"Like you? Why should I trust you?" Kit asked with a frown.

Maria smiled at her friend. "You tell me. Why should you trust me? I'm loco. I'm
kinky. I dance naked and it turns me on. And a voice in my head's telling me to
tie up my friends so they can learn how to tie me up. So what could you possibly
be afraid of?" Then she stopped the teasing. "Kit, this is supposed to be
erotic. I am going to tease you until you tell me to stop by saying a code word.
I'll give you two. If you say 'safeword' or 'red', I'll stop whatever I'm doing
and turn you loose, OK?"

Kit looked into Maria's eyes for almost a full minute before answering, "OK."

"Loosen up, Kit," Maria laughed. "This is fun. It's play, adult play. I do
naughty things to you until one of us gets tired of it... Unless you chicken out
first. Ready?"

"I'm not really into this," Kit said nervously, eyeing the ropes in Maria's
hands.

"You're not gay, either," Maria giggled. "But I'm after you. And I'm going to
get you. I bet I feel better then your fingers or a vibrator. Let's find out.
Now sit down here."

Kit hesitated. Did she really trust Maria? 'Yeah,' she decided. 'I know exactly
what she's going to do. She's going to try to get to me but she'll back off if I
ask her to.' She sat down in the straighT-back chair and allowed Maria to bind
her to it.

--==*==--

Maria remembered every detail of her bondage lessons at GWU. For her, bondage
was by far the most arousing and erotic part of the class. To restrain her new
friend, she chose the classic chair tie
(http://ms.ha.md.us/~tammad/over21/bondage/gstring/) described by John Wiley. It
only took her a few minutes.

Maria was whispering now. "Don't chicken out too quick," she told Kit, running
her fingertips down the black woman's cheek. "Don't say a word. Don't even
think. Close your eyes. Just feel. Close your eyes, love. It'll give you an idea
of what it would be like to be blindfolded but you can chicken out easier. I
wonder how long you can keep your eyes closed. Let's see if I can make you open
them."

As soon as Kit's eyes were closed, Maria motioned for Jane. The
eighteen-year-old black lesbian joined her beside Kit. While Maria secured one
of Kit's legs to a chair leg, Jane secured the other, imitating the six even
wraps and two fraps. "You're helpless," Maria whispered to Kit. "Just relax and
enjoy."

The Latina moved behind the black woman where Jane joined her. On orders from
MM, Maria embraced the black girl and shared a sensuous kiss before turning back
to her captive. "Just feel," Maria whispered as she began massaging Kit's
shoulder with one hand. Jane watched and imitated Maria on Kit's other shoulder,
moving down Kit's arm when Maria moved her hand. Maria signaled to Jane with her
free hand and again whispered, "Just feel," before using both hands to stroke
Kit.

Kit felt more hands on her body. She also heard Maria's admonition to 'just
feel' and consciously decided to obey. She definitely wasn't in pain. She was
definitely helpless, unable to physically stop the sensuous assault on her arms
and shoulders but empowered by code words that would stop everything. Kit asked
herself if she really wanted the touching to stop and couldn't decide with any
certainty. 'It's too soon to stop,' she told herself, even when hands reached
behind her and stroked down her back while more hands massaged her belly.

"Just feel," Maria continued to coo. "Don't stop us too soon. If you say the
word, you'll never know what might have happened. Just relax and feel."

By that time, Kit's mind was beyond hearing words. Her ears took in the sound
but her brain processed the vibrations only enough that she knew that she was
safe and the touches were soothing, not dangerous. She couldn't stop her body's
instinctive reaction to the first touch under her breasts, an attempt to pull up
her arms to cover herself. But her arms were secured, tied to the chair. She
really was helpless.

Kit gasped when her nipples were first touched. Four hands were still roaming
over her body. She didn't recognize that two pairs of lips were gently gripping
her nubbins until two tongues added to the sensations being transmitted to her
brain, a brain still recalling other messages: "Relax. Just feel."

Involuntarily, Kit pulled at her bonds and tried to thrust up with her hips when
hands stroked along her inner thighs. But she was aching with need by then.
'Just feel,' was swimming through her conscious mind. It had been so very long
since she had felt like this, so aroused, so close to completion, so...

Maria and Jane both sensed the change. They knew that Kit no longer cared what
or who was providing the delicious stimulation. Kit was in another world where
she could do nothing but absorb pleasurable sensations. Resistance was gone. Her
attempts to thrust her hips up were a way of begging for even more intimate
touching.

Kit was making incomprehensible sounds, grunts, groans, and whimpers. When she
felt Maria's lips leave her right nipple, she cried out, "Oh, no!" She was
twisting her body, searching the air for more feelings.

But Maria had glanced up and seen Denni still sitting on the sofa. She crooked
her finger at the mulatto girl. Denni initially shook her head 'no' but came
over to the chair and knelt at Kit's right side when she saw Maria's stern frown
of disapproval that changed to a broad smile as soon as she moved. "Just feel,"
Maria cooed, taking Denni's hands and putting them on Kit's belly and back. Then
she pointed to Kit's abandoned nipple. Maria puckered her lips and made sucking
motions, then smiled.

Denni was shy and tentative, extending her tongue to flick the hard nipple. She
giggled, then tried a sucking kiss. Her reward was Kit's moan of "Oh, yes!" She
saw Jane smile around the opposite nipple, baring her teeth to show how she was
gently biting. Denni tentatively imitated Jane, keeping the pressure light,
afraid that she would hurt Kit. She didn't have to worry for long. Jane closed
her lips and began sucking hard. Denni felt more comfortable with sucking then
biting and they quickly had Kit squirming and crying out.

Maria knelt on her heels and bent toward Kit's puffy pussy, blowing gently and
smoothing back the wet hair with her hands. Kit moaned through her gritted
teeth. "Oh, no. Please. Oh, fuck." Maria leaned forward and began to caress
Kit's inner thighs and puffy labia with the tip of her tongue. She spent several
minutes down there, slowing working toward Kit's core, slurping the inner labia
but barely touching the black woman's clit before backing off.

Maria realized that she had been waiting for Kit to beg for completion. Then she
remembered her own experiences. Kit wasn't going to beg. Maria figured that it
was taking all of Kit's willpower to keep her mind blank, to keep feeling, to
keep herself from screaming 'red' or 'safeword'. Kit was already dripping sweat
and straining against her bonds, already moaning and crying out. It was time.

Maria used her thumbs to open the delicious pussy wide. She planted her lips
around the little love nubbin and began to flick at it with her tongue while
sucking it into her mouth. Kit went wild, screaming incomprehensible syllables
and yanking violently against the ropes. Kit's body tensed and relaxed in
multiple spasms for most of a minute as Maria held on and kept flicking her
tongue as quickly and firmly as she could. She slowed only when Kit slumped in
her bondage, barely twitching when Maria dragged her tongue over the junction of
the inner labia, the clitoris now withdrawn under its protective hood.

When Maria began untying Kit's legs, Denni and Jane started to work on the ropes
securing Kit's wrists. By the time they had the woman's arms free, Maria was
pulling the g-string rope from behind Kit's back so it was loosened over her
shoulders. All three of them helped Kit stand and walk to the sofa. "That was
unreal," Kit sighed, her eyes finally open.

"And you're not even gay," Maria giggled. "I bet Jane would've gotten off even
more."

"You wouldn't need to tie me up," Jane told Maria.

"That just makes it more intense. Com'eer, gay girl," Maria grinned, opening her
arms. Jane walked into Maria's embrace and turned her head to kiss her Latina
friend, immediately opening her mouth and extending her tongue to deepen the
kiss.

Denni sat on the floor in front of the old sofa to look around and watch Maria
and Jane. Rat was asleep beside Tom. Both of them still wore satisfied smiles.
Kit was already asleep on the couch, her body totally relaxed, and her breathing
slow and regular. Charli was still curled in the corner. Only Jane and Maria
were providing any entertainment.

Even though Denni considered herself straight, she couldn't deny that Jane's
tonguing of her clit' had produced a spectacular orgasm. Losing a bet wasn't too
bad. It felt good. "I must be bisexual," she told herself. Watching Rat with Tom
had aroused her as much as watching Jane and Maria did now.

Denni laughed at herself. When she first went to Kit, she felt aroused. She
wasn't sure why, but she acknowledged the feelings. But once her lips were
sucking Kit's nipple, she was competing with Jane to see if she could arouse the
'older woman', if one considered twenty-something 'older'. The act was less
arousing then the anticipation. She had concentrated so much on giving pleasure
to Kit that she forgot her own pleasure. Even when Kit exploded in orgasm, Denni
felt only the satisfaction of success, not sexual arousal.

"Stay there," Maria was ordering Jane. "Don't move or I'll spank you. Put your
hands behind your neck and keep them there."

Maria had moved Jane to the easy chair. The black lesbian was now slumped in the
chair with her bottom at the front edge of the cushion. Her eyes looked huge as
she obeyed Maria's command.

Denni couldn't explain her motivation, but when Maria knelt between Jane's
thighs and began licking, Denni got up and went to kneel by her friend. "If you
move your hands, I'll hold you down while she spanks you," Denni growled at Jane
even though she was smiling. Then she leaned over to kiss her friend, starting
as a slow kiss with only her lips but quickly escalating to a deep French kiss.

"Close your eyes and just feel. Relax and feel," Denni told her ebony friend,
reaching out to pinch and pull on Jane's nipples. The strain of leaning over
from her kneeling position eventually got uncomfortable and Denni planted her
bottom on the padded arm of the chair to continue stimulating her friend's
nipples.

Jane was so turned on that she exploded quickly, squirming all over the chair
cushion. When she popped, she moved her hands and gripped Maria's hair to mash
the Latina's face into her pussy. She wasn't as loud as Kit but her orgasm was
obvious. As she came down from her sexual high, both Denni and Maria hugged her,
one on each side, until Jane dozed off.

"Now I need to get off," Maria grunted through her teeth as she stroked her
pussy.

"Can I help?" Denni asked, reaching out to pull on Maria's nipples.

"If you don't mind," Maria panted, strumming her fingers over her clit like a
Flamenco guitarist. "I can't sleep when I'm this horny unless I cum."

"Let me," Denni told Maria, pushing the Latina down onto the vacant cushions on
the floor. Denni lay down between Maria's thighs and tentatively licked up
between the bare pussy lips. She was surprised when she found the taste neutral,
neither a great turn-on nor a disgusting turn-off. Maria's reaction, though,
encouraged her. She began by slurping the slit, then concentrated on Maria's
clitoris until the girl exploded. It didn't take long.

"Thank you," Maria mumbled when Denni scooted up to cuddle. A few minutes later,
Maria was sound asleep.

Denni lay there for a minute, then got up to use the bathroom. She returned to
survey the living room and blow out all of the candles but one. She went back to
the bedroom to clear off the bed and lay down, her mind reviewing her
experiences.

She got off on dancing. Just walking down the stairs that first time had made
her cum. She got off on turning guys on and had several more orgasms while
dancing. She felt jealous of Rat. Why didn't she feel jealous about the rest of
the activities? Why didn't she feel left out because she hadn't cum during the
after-work party? 'Because you're not really gay or bi',' she acknowledged.
'You're just strange and weird and all that. Oh, well.'

She smiled, feeling good about helping to get her friends off, but completely at
ease without another orgasm from them. She dozed off seconds later to dream
through the night.




Part 1 - Chapter Eleven

Maria, Kat, and Rocky: A Better Wife


Maria awoke feeling giddy with excitement and sensual pleasure. Her prayers were
being answered. Her instincts about Kat and Rocky and their club were 'right
on'. They were good people and the old saying about 'birds of a feather' slid
through her mind. Still, Maria sensed something amiss between Rocky and his
wife. Something just wasn't right.

Looking around the cluttered flophouse where she spent the night, Maria couldn't
help smiling. The sleeping bodies she watched each housed a soul and a brain
filled with hurts from the past. But Maria saw strength and determination, too.
As quietly as she could, she got up and used the bathroom, taking a quick shower
before grabbing her sweats from her gym bag.

When she slipped into the hallway, she met Kit and Shirley with the three kids,
Rocky Junior, 11, Kitrina, 4, and Kit's son, R2, 5. "We're going to the zoo,"
little Kitrina informed Maria.

"Oh? Isn't it kind of chilly for that?"

"We're going for a workshop in the reptile house," Kit explained. "I'm taking
all of them so Rocky and Kat can have some time alone."

"Good idea," Maria grinned.

"The wind's supposed to die down later. We might walk the rest of the zoo, too.
It's not crowded this time of year and walking will keep us warm." Kit was
obviously looking forward to the excursion as much as the kids.

"Then we're going to McDonalds," Kitrina chirped. "See ya."

"Ciao," Maria waved, surprised that Shirley wasn't going with the kids.

"Well, let's get to work," Rocky sighed, starting toward the stairs to the main
part of the club.

"Wait," Maria snapped, frowning. "Your kids are gone for the day."

"And we have a lot of work to do," Kat said. "We have to get ready for tonight.
If last night was any indication, we're going to be packed."

"No kids," Maria reminded them. "Privacy. Alone." MM gave her new orders.
"Shirley, I bet you can handle the cleaning chores. Ten bucks an hour if
everything's clean by two. That's fifty bucks."

"I'll need help," Shirley said.

"Bull shit," Maria snapped. "The glasses are all done. Wipe the tables and
chairs, and vacuum. That's it. Sign for deliveries and such. Call upstairs if
there's any problem. I know you can do it."

"I guess," the fat girl grumbled.

"Good. Now you two go back to your apartment."

"Shirley _DOES_ need help," Kat snarled before her sister-in-law was out of
sight.

"And Rocky needs a blow job," Maria snapped back, planting her fists on her
hips.

"Yuck, that's gross." Kat made a face showing her disgust at the very idea.

"You don't suck his cock?" Maria asked, really surprised. "Not ever? Doesn't he
eat your pussy?"

"No way," Rocky grimaced.

"It's the nineties, people. Oral sex isn't even kinky," Maria told them loudly.
She turned to Rocky. "Tell the truth. Would you like a blow job? Wouldn't it be
a turn on? The truth, now."

"Kat won't..."

"That's not what I asked, damn it. Geez, Rocky. It's supposed to be women who
are evasive. Tell the truth now. Would you like to have your cock sucked?"

"Well, sure."

"Then you better learn to suck cock!" Maria yelled, turning to Kat. "Otherwise,
some cock sucking bitch like me is going to steal your husband away. When was
the last time you two made love, huh? I mean hot, sweaty,
I-can't-keep-my-hands-off-you- because-I'm-totally-in-lust love. I mean
passionate, sexual love. Tell me. It's been what? Weeks? Be honest."

"That's none of your business," Kat snapped angrily.

"Bull shit," Maria snapped back. "You're my friends and I'm not going to let you
two fuck up your lives because you're inhibited. So you tell me, Rocky. When was
the last time? When you got out of jail? Or did she let you have a little for
your birthday?" Maria whirled back toward Kat. "And you. When did he make you
cum last? Or do you fake it? Geez, I can't believe this. No wonder I felt so
much tension between you two. Get your asses back to your apartment."

"Bug off!" Kat yelled at Maria. "Mind your own business."

Maria's mind was whirling. Kat was bigger then she was and would probably win a
physical confrontation. Unless... New orders were being received from MM. Maria
slipped back to the flop pad to get her gym bag. When she came back, Kat was
snarling, "...of pervert are you, anyway? If I'm not enough woman for you, you
can just get your nasty nigger cock out of here and... What the fuck?"

Before Kat could react, Maria pulled Kat's other wrist back and closed the
second cuff around it. She sighed with relief. If Kat hadn't had her fists
planted on her hips just that way, Maria would never have been able to cuff her.

"Get these fuckin' things off of me," Kat yelled.

"Please don't yell or I will have to gag you," Maria said calmly, holding Kat's
arms.

"Rochester, get me out of this," Kat demanded of her husband.

"He's going to help me," Maria calmly informed her boss. Maria wondered why she
hadn't noticed the submissive streak in the man. He would do anything to please
a woman, especially his wife. He obviously loved her, but Maria sensed that he
could easily be tempted by just about any woman who bossed him around. "Now are
you going to shut up or am I going to gag you."

"There is no fuckin' way your spic ass is... Oh, no. Get away from me!"

Maria had fished the ball gag out of her bag. "Help me take her back to your
apartment," she told Rocky.

"Don't you touch me!" Kat snarled through her gritted teeth as she eyed the gag.
"Get away from me!" Maria held tight as Kat tried to twist away, swatting Kat's
bottom with the gag's strap. It had no effect through Kat's jeans.

"Hold her," Maria ordered Rocky. "Wrap your arms around her and nibble on her
ear." While Kat continued to cuss and tried to kick Maria, Rocky obeyed, hugging
his wife in a bear hug. She shook her head to prevent his nibbling on her ear.
While Kat was distracted, Maria wrapped rope around Kat's legs and tied it off
in a square knot. "Back to your apartment," Maria said, picking up Kat's legs.

Maria ignored the women looking out the door of the flop pad as she and Rocky
carried his squirming, cussing wife back to their apartment and deposited her on
the unmade bed. "Hold her," Maria ordered, preparing two ropes that she fished
from her bag. She tied a length of rope to each of Kat's ankles. Then she pulled
one taut and tied it to the leg of the bed frame, since there was no footboard.
She held tightly to the other rope as she released the coils that held Kat's
legs together. It took all Maria's strength to pull Kat's other leg out so she
could tie it to the far corner.

Rocky watched Maria work while he continued to bear hug his wife. Kat continued
to cuss and threaten when Maria brought out her 'Love Cuffs', one of the
graduation gifts from GWU. She slipped one of the padded cuffs over each of
Kat's wrists and secured the Velcro fastenings tightly. Maria then threaded the
nylon webbing ties through the headboard and handed the ends to Rocky. "She
can't get loose," she told him. "Just hold. Don't pull or we might hurt her."

Kat was getting hoarse from her yelling and cussing. She had calmed down now,
just glaring at Maria and Rocky, shooting bullets with her eyes. When Maria
unlocked the handcuffs, Kat tried to swing at her. Rocky was momentarily
surprised but quickly took up the slack, pulling Kat's wrists together over her
head. "Tie them tight in a square knot," Maria told him. "Do you have some
scissors?"

"Yes," he answered as he tied off the long straps attached to the padded cuffs.

"Get them," Maria said. He reached into the drawer of the bedside table and
handed them to her. "Don't worry, Kat. I'll replace your clothes," Maria said as
she started cutting off Kat's jeans.

"No! Damn it, you bitch, STOP! You're fired. Get the fuck away from me. I'm
going to have you arrested for assault, for rape. Rochester, stop her. Damn it,
I'm leaving you. I'll leave you. Shit. Don't..."

"If she opens her mouth again, gag her," Maria told him, handing him the ball
gag. It was fairly small for a ball gag and had a hole through the middle to
ensure adequate breathing. Maria kept snipping away at Kat's clothes, pulling
away pieces of jeans, and then snipping Kat's plain panties. She left the
leather belt around Kat's middle. She cut off the sweatshirt as Kat cussed away
through gritted teeth, threatening Rocky with more jail time and divorce when
Maria cut through her bra straps and plucked the cups off of the black woman's
heaving breasts.

"Tickle her," Maria ordered Rocky, taking the ball gag from him.

"I'm not ticklish," Kat snarled through her gritted teeth.

"We'll see, won't we? Try the soles of her feet."

"No!" Kat whimpered as Rocky pulled off her socks. "No!" she screamed when he
put his fingertips to her arch. Maria pressed the gag home and buckled the
strap. Kat struggled against the bonds and screamed into the gag while Maria
calmly pushed a length of rope under the bed and went to the other side to fish
out the end. She tied the rope to each side of Kat's belt and pulled it tight.
Then she loosened the leg ropes so Kat could move around a little.

Maria smiled as she caught her breath. "Now we have all day to make love to
you," she smiled at Kat. Turning to Rocky, she ordered him to take off his
clothes while she stripped herself. "Put one pillow under her head and
shoulders," Maria told Rocky. "We don't want Kat to be uncomfortable." While he
stuffed one pillow into place, Maria rolled the blanket and stuffed it and the
other pillow under Kat's hips. "There. Is this the first time you've ever played
bondage games?"      [Image] "For sure," Rocky answered, glancing back and forth
between the two nude women.

"They're a nice change of pace for a married couple," Maria said evenly. "A few
times a year might be enough unless you really get into bondage. Now let's make
Kat uncomfortable. Get your cooking oil from the kitchen. It's best, because it
doesn't soak in, and you can eat it."

Rocky was back in seconds with a quart-size squeeze bottle of Wesson oil. Maria
instructed him to put a little in his hands to warm it. She did the same, then
started massaging Kat. While she massaged her boss, Maria lectured them, telling
Rocky to avoid Kat's breasts and pussy for a while until she calmed down and was
receptive. Maria prayed silently that Kat would be responsive. This wasn't like
GWU where they had weeks to bring out a woman's responsiveness.

--==*==--

Kat resigned herself to the bondage. She knew she couldn't get loose. But she
was determined to fight to control her response. There was no way she was going
to let herself become aroused. She mentally stoked her anger to the boiling
point and kept it there while Maria and her husband massaged her neck and
shoulders. She mentally planned revenge while chewing on the rubber ball
strapped in her mouth.

"I think Kat'd be cute with this gone," Maria said, brushing her hand through
the woman's dense growth of pubic hair. "She'd probably get a few more table
dances, too. Besides, eating bald pussy is _SO_ delicious."

Hearing Maria's statement, Kat started struggling again, pulling against the
nylon straps and ropes with all her might while Maria put the severed leg of
Kat's jeans under the woman's butt and started snipping away with the same
scissors she used to cut off Kat's clothing.

"Better hold still," Maria warned. "If you keep wiggling, I might cut off one of
your pussy lips or even your love button."

Fuming, Kat stopped moving while Maria kept talking. "I tried shaving once and
got ingrown hairs that itched like crazy when it started to grow back. I found a
depilatory lotion that's really good. It takes care of all the hair without
getting ingrown hairs, and a lot of it never grows back. What hair does grow
back is thinner and lighter, too. Rocky, would you please go get my gym bag? And
don't worry about putting on any clothes. The girls will like seeing your body
as much as you like looking at theirs."

Rocky was gone less then a minute. Maria had him find the bottles of depilatory
in the bottom of the bag.

Kat wanted to cry when she felt the depilatory cream saturate the stubble that
was left after Maria finished with the scissors. More then anything else, she
wanted Maria to shut up. "I bet Rocky's going to love your bald pussy. He sure
likes mine. Have you noticed how he looked at the girls with no hair down there?
I have. It makes me hot when he looks at me like that. Does it make you hot when
he looks at you? Probably not. You don't dance for him, do you? You need to do
that. Make him pay." Maria giggled, adding, "By eating your pussy until you cum.
Is it OK if he practices on me?"

Kat shook her head violently in a jealous rage, screaming for them to keep their
hands and mouths off of each other. Maria waited until Kat calmed down. "You
might as well relax. We can't understand a word of what you're trying to say. I
guess that means that he can't practice on me, though. Rocky, it takes a lot of
practice for a guy to eat pussy really well. I'll show you what to do when this
stuff is done. It'll take a while. Why don't you get dressed and see how
Shirley's doing?"

That terrified Kat. She shook her body, trying to escape, trying to let Rocky
know how scared she felt at the thought of being left alone with this crazy
Hispanic woman. But Rocky obeyed Maria and was gone before Maria started talking
again.

Once Rocky was gone, Maria concentrated on Kat. "You have no idea how lucky you
are," she told the black woman. "I'd give a lot for a man as good as him. I
don't think you appreciate him enough. When you're married, you're supposed to
keep things fresh by adding new things for as long as you're married. I can tell
that Rocky's bored with you, with sex, with life. Aren't you bored, too? I bet
you are."

Maria sat down on the side of the bed. "We're going to drive you nuts," she
giggled at her captive. "I bet I can get Rocky to eat your pussy. Wanna bet? It
feels _SO_ good. I love it when I get my pussy licked, especially if I'm tied
up. Relax. We aren't going to hurt you. You have to admit that this is a new
experience. Just mellow out and enjoy."

Maria gently stroked her fingertips over Kat's upper chest as she softly cooed,
"Think about how great it'll be to feel the passion you felt when you were first
married or first started screwing around with Rocky. Know what? I'm going to
lick your asshole. What are you going to do about it? Shit in my mouth? I bet
you don't. At least I hope you don't. Rocky's cock is gorgeous. Can I please
taste him? I know you're ..."

--==*==--

Kat couldn't remain angry after listening to Maria's smooth tone. It was
hypnotic and calming. For most of a year, Kat worried about money, the business,
and her husband. He had a wandering eye, and it had often wandered toward the
little Hispanic girl who had burst into their lives just a few days ago.

"...taste him." Taste? 'She really wants to suck Rocky's cock,' Kat realized.
She shook her head 'no'.

"Damn," Maria sighed. "Well, before today is over, one of us is going to give
Rocky a blow job. Are you ready? No? Then I'll have to teach you. Relax and
enjoy yourself. I'm not going to let you up for at least a couple of hours.
Ooops, there's the timer. Now I get to wipe off all your pussy hair."

All the tension drained from Kat's body. She sighed through the air hole in the
ball gag, resigned to her fate and to whatever kinks that Maria planned. She
closed her eyes when Maria got up off the bed and kept them closed even when she
sensed the return of the kinky Latina. She heard water splashing and knew that
Maria was wringing out a face cloth. She waited.

'She warmed the water for me,' Kat thought when the rough, wet terry began
scrubbing between her legs. Maria rinsed the cloth frequently as she washed away
the pubic hair. 'I hope I don't have pimples or warts under there,' Kat thought.
'And I hope it looks OK.'

Maria finished and got up off of the bed to carry the basin back to the sink.
Kat laughed at herself. All she could think was, 'I hope my pussy's not ugly.'
She rocked her hips up as much as she could and lifted her head to try to see
past her boobs.

"Want to see?" Maria giggled. "When I did my puss', I couldn't wait. Here."
Maria held Kat's mirror, the big one with the handle that she kept on the
dresser. Maria lay down on the bed to get the angle right. "See? Isn't it
gorgeous?"

Gorgeous wasn't quite the right word but it didn't look bad. The girl left a
heart-shaped patch of close-cropped hair on her lower belly. That was cute. But
her bare slit was gross. 'Who would lick something like that?' Kat wondered. She
couldn't imagine it.

"This may sting a little," Maria said, putting the mirror down. Kat squealed
into the gag. A little? Her skin was on fire and she bucked down onto the pillow
under her butt, trying to escape the torment. But after a few seconds, the pain
went away and Kat felt...

'I will _NOT_ let her turn me on,' Kat promised herself. 'I refuse to. I won't.
I can't.' She closed her eyes, fighting back tears of shame, praying that Maria
wouldn't notice anything, that the nutty girl wouldn't realize the effect of her
massage with the warm skin lotion.

"I'm going to call downstairs," Maria said, getting off the bed again. Kat felt
relieved. She heard numbers being punched on the phone and Maria saying, "Get
your butt back up here, stud. You're not going to get out of eating pussy with
some lame excuse about work or helping your sister. You have a wife to please
and I have a marriage to save. No. Now. No excuses or you'll go to bed horny
after I spank your butt."

Kat watched Maria sit back down on the edge of the bed and pour more oil into
her hands. She started kneading Kat's calves with strong fingers. It felt
heavenly. Dancing for eight hours a night in high heels kept her calves
perpetually tight, but Maria's expert massage was relieving the tension.

When Rocky returned, Maria ordered him to strip and join her. She coached him on
technique. He was a good study. They moved to her feet, massaging so firmly that
Kat never thought of how torturous the tickling had been. It seemed like an
eternity ago when they had tickled her feet so Maria could put in the gag.

The massaging hands moved to Kat's thighs, then up to her shoulders and neck.
When they moved to her chest, Kat tensed. Four hands were working around her
breasts when she heard Maria say, "You suck nipples, don't you?"

"Yeah, I like that."

"You'll like licking clit' even more," Maria giggled. "You're going love making
Kat cum. But let's hold off on even her boobie knobs for a little while."

Although they hadn't yet touched her nipples, Kat knew hers were erect. She
could feel them throbbing in time with the rapid beating of her heart, aching
for a touch. How long had it been since Rocky sucked her tits? Weeks? How many?
Six? Eight? Oh, how she loved the feeling of his tongue flicking and swirling
around her nips. With her eyes closed, Kat waited.

'No more teasing,' Kat whined into the gag when Rocky and Maria began kissing
her sides and belly and neck and cheeks and ear lobes and everywhere but where
she craved attention. Maria was gone now. No hair tickled her flesh. Kat jerked,
startled by the warm cloth washing her feet. A frustrated scream whistled out
the hole in the gag when two mouths and tongues attacked her toes, sucking and
licking. Kat renewed her struggle against her bonds until she was exhausted.

"She's almost ready," Maria told Rocky. "We just need to relax her a little
more."

"It's me that's ready," Rocky groaned.

"You'll get yours, stud," Maria laughed, moving her caressing hands up Kat's
leg. "Just wait. This is for Kat."




Part 1 - Chapter Twelve

Maria, Kat and Rocky: Kat Torture


A violent quake rocked Kat's entire body when two sets of lips simultaneously
closed around her nipples and began sucking. Her body's reaction was stronger
then some of the orgasms she had experienced. It was far more intense then
anything Kat previously felt during foreplay.

"See how hot we got her?" Maria's voice intruded. "The longer a woman stays
turned on, the hotter she gets."

'As if I could get any hotter,' Kat thought, mentally pleading with her
tormentors to give her some relief. Fingers gently twisting and pulling her
nipples was much less intense then the strong sucking tha... 'Yes! Finally!'
They were touching her pussy lips, now smooth and hairless. They? 'No. No! I am
_NOT_ a lesbian,' Kat told herself, willing her body to _NOT_ respond to Maria's
touch, trying to twist away from the crazy woman.

"When you get down here, plan on staying a while. Have fun. You have to try
different things to see what Kat likes. Bite her outer lips and suck her inner
lips and lick her pussy hole for a long time before you do her clit." Thumbs
were opening her down there, Kat knew. She prayed that the thumbs were Rocky's.
"Look here. See? Right there at the top of her inner lips where they come
together, that's where her love button hides. Watch."

Maria pushed up on those inner lips, exposing Kat's clit. Even though the amount
of friction was tiny, Kat almost flipped when the hood over her clitoris was
slid upward by Maria's thumbs.

"Wow," Rocky gasped as Maria rocked her thumbs up and down, making Kat squirm
and cry out around the gag.

"That's where you've got to go to get her off," Kat heard Maria instruct Rocky.
"Do you ever just finger her 'til she cums?"

"Nah. She always wants to fuck after a little while."

"Probably because you just finger fuck her pussy hole," Maria commented. "Most
guys are like that unless they have a woman to teach them how to do it right.
Did you know that only the outside rim has any nerves? The only thing a woman
feels deep inside is a nice full feeling, kind of a pleasant pressure like a
belly rub when you have a tummy ache. You don't have to go deep to get a gal
off. That's why we always say that it's not how much you've got but how you use
it. Long does nothing for a girl except up here."

Kat didn't need to see Maria to know that the girl was pointing to her head.
They were both ignoring her now. Kat didn't even mind. It was getting hard to
breath around the gag and through the little hole in the middle of the rubber
ball.

"For me, fat cocks are kind of nice. Fat dildos, anyway. I'm still a virgin. No
real cock has ever been in my pussy. But fat kind of stretches me nice and rubs
around my sensitive pussy rim. Fat ones even pull up and down on my pussy lips
and that rubs my clittie _SO_ nice. I haven't gotten off that way yet but I get
close. I guess Kat's cooled off enough that she won't pop too quick. Let's eat
some pussy."

'Please don't let me cum,' Kat prayed when she felt Maria's hair brush her inner
thighs. She hated Maria's skill at turning her on. She hated involuntarily
responding to Maria's touch, the massage, the... Oh, shit. Tongue. That is _SO_
nasty and it feels _SO_ incredible.

"Don't go for her clittie button too quick," Maria told Rocky after playing her
tongue around Kat's inner pussy lips and on both sides of the exposed clitoris.
"Have a look at mine. I guess every woman's a little different, but we all come
with the same equipment in pretty much the same place."

'No!' Kat screamed into the damned gag, straining her head up and opening her
eyes to shoot daggers at Maria. The bitch was standing on one leg with the other
one up on the bed, holding her beaver open for Rocky. 'Not with my husband, you
don't,' Kat cried as she watched Rocky put his hand on Maria's belly and pull up
on the bitch's pussy with his thumb.

"No touching me, stud. Check out your lady for yourself. Go on. Have a taste."

'Oh, damn, that feels good,' Kat gasped. 'And he's never done that before... I
hope. Oh, shit. Ooo.'

"You've got her purring, now," Maria giggled. "Keep her purring for a while.
Drive her nuts."

Kat was lost in a thick forest of sensations. Her mind quit working. She was so
aroused that she didn't care that it was Maria caressing her breasts and
massaging her nipples. She didn't care who or what the wet thing was swirling
inside her slit. Her body was rising to higher and higher plateaus of
sensitivity and lust, aching for release, begging for relief.

--==*==--

Rocky couldn't figure out what was going on in his head. How did he end up with
his tongue in Kat's crotch? That woman smell that he never quite got used to was
always a stink, like dead fish or something... until he got down there and
licked for the first time. The first time he made Kat squirm, he had to do it
again, and she rolled her bottom the other way, pulling against the ropes with
her legs. Now the smell was nice. Sexy.

'Guess it's like beer,' he told himself, using his thumbs to make Kat wiggle her
bottom. 'I didn't like beer or even how it smelled when I first tried it.' But
beer didn't react. Kat did. It was incredible. "You ought to open up a sex
school," he told Maria.

"Somebody beat me to it," Maria laughed. "Back to work, stud. I want to see your
lady cum but remember that it'll be better for her if she has to wait. Work all
around for a while, then go for her love button. I bet you figure out what to do
all by yourself. Just keep your mind on her pleasure and keep doing what she
seems to like. Wrap your arms around her legs. You'll have to hold on tight."

Once he got started, Maria loosened the ropes holding Kat's legs so their victim
had a little more freedom of movement. The ropes tied to Kat's belt and the
wrist cuffs kept her from moving down toward the bottom of the bed.

Now that he knew the territory, Rocky no longer feared the act of eating pussy.
When he resumed his oral assault on his wife, he licked up the juices oozing
from her pussy hole. 'I could get to like that,' he told himself when Kat
groaned around the gag and rocked her hips. 'The taste isn't bad, either.'

Maria moved back up to sit on the bed by Kat's chest. When Rocky looked up, he
saw Maria tweaking Kat's nipples, them cupping the bottom of the black breasts.
Damn, it looked sexy. He forgot to concentrate for a moment and took a long
slurp up Kat's slit. When his tongue slid up, pulling up on the clitoral hood to
expose Kat's love button to his tongue for the first time, she went crazy.

"That's not an orgasm yet," Maria said softly. "But you've got the right place,
that's for sure."

'This is fun,' Rocky decided. He was smiling in his wife's pussy even though
nobody could see. It felt so good to make her react, to turn her on, to cause
her pussy to ooze love juice, to make her twitch, to cause groans behind the
gag. He felt like a king, a conquering hero saving the helpless princess from a
drab existence. He was going to make this memorable. He knew that he would never
forget his first pussy meal. How many men have the advantage of a sexy, naked,
female coach?

Kat was moving constantly, now, fighting the ropes, alternately trying to thrust
her mons at her husband's face, and trying to sink away from him and from the
evil Latina. Rocky held on, flicking faster, swirling, flicking, swirling. Then
he felt a change. Kat was vibrating with tension. 'Wound up like a clock,' Rocky
thought as he bored in on the love button that was now completely uncovered. He
could feel it with his tongue, a hard little nubbin that made Kat crazier every
time his tongue touched it and that was several times a second now.

Rocky didn't think Kat could get any more tense. She wasn't breathing. He was
almost ready to stop and ask Maria if his wife was all right when Kat's pelvis
rocked up and slammed into his mouth, bruising his lips against his teeth. 'This
is it,' he told himself, flicking his tongue as fast as he could on the spot
where he should have felt that nubbin. It seemed to be gone, but Kat bounced
violently with every flick of his tongue, screaming around the gag. He figured
he must be doing something right, and kept going until Kat slumped, totally
relaxed.

'What now?' he wondered, realized that she had come... and that she had probably
faked every orgasm that he thought he had given her, if this was any indication.

"See how much difference a long buildup makes? The next time you guys have lots
of time, lick her again until she's almost ready to pop before you fuck her.
Some women will explode as soon as you get your cock inside but I've heard that
a lot of women still need some kind of direct stimulation on their clit. You can
do that with your fingers if you have to. Or she can. Now come up here and
cuddle. Ladies need cuddling after they cum."

"I need to cum before I cuddle," Rocky growled.

"Not yet," Maria frowned. "I know your balls ache, but cool it. This is for Kat.
You'll get your turn. Kat, if you promise not to yell or cuss, I'll take your
gag out now. Do you promise?"

Still wallowing in the afterglow of her orgasm, Kat didn't even hear Maria.
Maria unbuckled the strap anyway. "Don't say a word," Maria cautioned. "And
definitely no cussing or yelling or I'll put it back."

Kat felt the rubber ball leave her mouth. It felt nice when Maria massaged the
sides of her aching jaw. It felt nice to have a warm body on each side of her
sticky, sweaty skin. So nice.

"I want a tongue kiss," Maria said, frowning deeply. "Can I French Rocky? Or
will you kiss me? Hey. Kat! I'm talking to you. Can I lick Rocky's tonsils?"

"No."

"Then I'm going to kiss you," Maria giggled, leaning over so her hair fell
[Image] around Kat's face. She used her hand to push it to the side opposite
where Rocky lay so he could see.

"Noo," Kat whined.

"Would you rather Rocky do it? I'd like to try him out."

"No," Kat whimpered, unwilling to make the decision. She lay there passively as
Maria's lips met hers. She felt Maria's tongue between her closed lips, prying
at her teeth.

"Open up and stick out your tongue or I'm going to lay one on Rock' that he'll
never forget," Maria snapped. "Open. Tongue."

Kat couldn't stifle her laugh. She stuck out her tongue as far as she could,
remembering how she used to do that to irritate the boys when she was six. Maria
took full advantage, pursing her lips around the tongue and sucking on it.

Now Kat worried. This was fun. She giggled against Maria's lips and fought a
tongue battle for a few seconds before Maria pulled back. "Time to eat some more
pussy," Maria told Rocky. "A wife deserves it and you've neglected her for too
long. It's about time that you made up for that. Get to work."

"I think I'll start up here," he snickered, cupping Kat's breast and lowering
his lips to the nipple. He was rewarded with a groan of pleasure.

"You have a fast learner here," Maria giggled, imitating him on her side.

"Noo, I can't stand any more," Kat moaned.

"Bull," Maria snapped, using her thumb on Kat's nipple while she talked. "You
may be able to have multiple orgasms. We haven't tried you out yet. Rock, you'll
have to practice a lot. If you back off too many times or use your fingers too
much, you can make Kat sore or numb so she isn't enjoying herself any more. It's
kind of a balancing act. But us ladies are lucky. We can come more then once
without having to recharge. She can stand at least one more."

Rocky made some humming sounds around his wife's nipple to acknowledge hearing
Maria. After a couple of minutes, he began his trek to the south, pausing along
the way to nip, tease, and kiss the territory he found along the way. "Very
good," Maria said when she saw him reach his goal without leaving Kat's side.
"You guys can try a sixty-nine later but not while she's tied up. You might gag
her and she couldn't do anything but smother to death or puke on you. I want to
show you some more stuff anyway."

While Rocky started feasting again, concentrating on licking up the juices that
poured from his wife, Maria untied the ropes holding Kat's legs. She put one
into Rocky's hand, saying, "Tie that to the corner of the headboard." She tied
her rope to the other corner so Kat's legs were pulled back, her knees almost
touching her breasts and her bottom lifted. "It's time for a new adventure,"
Maria giggled. "Rim job and around the world."

"Oh, no," Kat gasped.

"Shush. If you don't keep quiet, we'll put the gag back in."

"I've got to pee."

"Later. Yummy. I love assholes. I love getting rimmed and I even love doing the
rimming. Watch." Rocky watched with a combination of horror and disgust as Maria
licked up his wife's ass crack. Kat immediately tried to clench her butt cheeks.

"Ow!" Kat shrieked when Maria smacked her bare bottom.

"Open up," Maria snarled. "You'll never know if you like it if you don't try
it." Using her fingertips to pull Kat open, Maria attacked Kat's brown asshole
with her curled tongue, thrusting in and out, then licking round and round. "Do
her puss while I do her back here."

Rocky watched for a few moments more, fascinated by Maria's act and his wife's
reaction. He found both hard to believe but if Maria could get that kind of
reaction, he figured that he could at least try it. Hell, if it made Kat whimper
like that, he'd do it if there were a turd half way out, he admitted as he
lowered his mouth to Kat's denuded mons.

He was concentrating on Kat's reaction so that Maria's peck came as a complete
surprise. She just tilted her head back and planted a smooch on his bald
forehead, then returned to her rim job. When Kat was rolling her hips
constantly, Rocky decided to let her cool off for a second and gave Maria a kiss
in her hair. She reacted quicker, tilting her head up to peck his lips before
playing ostrich in Kat's butt cleft. Every minute or two, they shared pecks and
smooches, even swapping spit with their tongues for a second. Only later did
Rocky realize that he had sucked a tongue that had just been removed from his
wife's asshole.

Kat realized what was going on. But it was just playing around, not like giving
or getting a real French kiss. She laughed. "All right, you two. This is
supposed to be for me. Back to work."

"Yes, mistress, miz boss lady, ma'am," Maria snickered. "It's time to move on
anyway. You get to work, Rock."

Maria got up and coated her hands with oil so she could caress Kat's breasts
again. "Sssh," she told Kat. "Just feel." When she was sure Kat was aching for
release, she cautioned Rocky to "keep her on the edge. Don't let her come yet."
Then Maria got up and took the Wesson oil with her. "Let's really drive Kat
nuts." She squirted some of the oil into Kat's butt crack. "Put your finger in
there. Just one knuckle at first."

"No," Kat gasped.

"And put your thumb in her pussy hole and swirl it around while you lick around
her love button. Don't let her cum, though. Now, Kat, are you ready to give
Rocky head? Will you give him a blow job?"

"Nooo," Kat wailed as Rocky backed off again, leaving her so close to an orgasm
that she thought she was going to die.

"We're not going to let you cum until you promise him a blow job," Maria
laughed. "We'll keep you tied up all night if we have to. So, are you going to
suck his cock?"

"Anything! Gawd, yes! Please."

"Please what? Do you mean, 'Please can I suck your cock, Rocky?'"

"Oh, yes. I'll suck. Cock. Fuck, please."

"Think that's close enough?" Maria asked. Rocky's answer was to once again drill
his tongue right into Kat's clitoris, then work even harder when it suddenly
withdrew back under the little hood as her spasms started. Maria pinched and
pulled hard on Kat's nipples as the black woman exploded, rocking and rolling
her bottom. Rocky was ready this time. With his middle finger in his wife's
bottom and his thumb in her pussy, he held onto her as if her pelvis was a
bowling ball, his mouth planted firmly over her labia, her clit sucked between
is lips, his tongue flicking relentlessly.

'Little death? The French have _that_ wrong,' Kat thought as she finally came
back down from heaven. After she started coming, Rocky kept licking this time.
Before she could relax, she was coming again. And again. She lost count when she
lost consciousness. Though never completely out, her mind and body had just shut
down, leaving her a puddle of useless chemicals. Rocky tried a few more tongue
flicks but got no response at all so he gave up and laid down next to his wife.

Maria untied Kat's legs and ripped open the cuffs' Velcro fasteners to release
her friend. "Oral sex isn't so bad, is it?" she asked Rocky.

"I think I can put up with it," he laughed.

Idly running her fingertips over Kat's breast, Maria told him, "You don't have
to do it every night or even every week, but a lady deserves it once in a while.
We ladies take a while to get that hot, so it has to be some time when you have
lots of time. We do like attention even when we don't cum, though. Remember
that. I bet Kat'll let you use her as a sperm dump for a week for a good pussy
licking, won't you."

"Whatever you say," Kat mumbled.

"Don't get too comfortable," Maria chuckled. "Rocky's next and you promised to
suck his cock. Then you'll be a cock sucker." She giggled at the dumb joke, then
cuddled against Kat's shoulder and looked at Rocky. "Patience, my man. Give her
a few minutes to catch her breath."

No one counted the minutes that went by before Kat spoke. "I'm still mad at you
two for raping me."

"You'll have to punish us," Maria said, her head still lying on Kat's shoulder.

"My arm's asleep."

"I'm sorry." She got up and began massaging Kat's right arm and shoulder.

"That was pretty... wild, I guess," Kat said, working the fingers of both hands
to restore circulation now that Rocky was off her other arm.

Maria ignored Kat's statement and turned to Rocky. "Your turn, stud. On your
back, hands over your head."

"Huh? Why?"

"We're going to tie you up. No way am I going take a chance on you losing
control and ruining it. This will be Kat's first blow job. If you lose control,
grab her head, and gag her, she'll hate it and you'll never get head again. Now
on your back or forget it."

In less then a minute, Rocky was tied spread-eagle to his double bed, waiting
for whatever Maria had in mind.




Part 1 - Chapter Thirteen

Maria, Kat, and Rocky: Rock Torture


"How did a kid your age learn so much about sex?" Kat asked Maria once Rocky was
secured to the bed.

"Would you believe a school? What you just experienced is nothing compared to
what's possible. I learned a lot of other stuff, too. Sex is really just a small
part of it. Communica- tion is the real biggy, and not just talking. It's
observing and..."

"Hey, you guys. It's my turn," Rocky interrupted.

"Do you want to be gagged?" Maria threatened. "Don't say another word or we'll
get the gag." Rocky glowered at her but he remained silent as she continued. "I
guess sex is the most obvious for me because of what I'm doing. But I was
talking about communication. You and Rocky and everybody else communicates all
the time whether you want to or not. I just got a feeling that maybe you two
needed a push."

"I'm still mad at you."

"That's OK," Maria giggled. "But no chickening out saying you were under duress
or something. You promised to suck his cock and you will."

"I will," Kat sighed. "But I still think it's disgusting."

"Then let's get it over with," Maria told her. "But let's get him cleaned up
first. I wouldn't suck a dirty cock."

"You licked my shit hole."

"And we both liked it. Come on. Let's get some water so we can clean him up."

"I don't understand you," Kat sighed, following the naked Latina to the kitchen
to refill the tub.

When they got back to the bed, Maria held the plastic basin in her lap and
instructed Kat. "Pull back on his foreskin. Harder. He's not a baby. You have to
get it all the way back. Good. A lot of guys who aren't circumcised don't clean
under there very well. You can get yeast infections and fungus if you're not
careful. See? That stuff." Maria pointed at the slightly off-white goo. "It's
technically called smegma. Geez, I still remember the definition from school: a
thick, foul-smelling, cheese-like, sebaceous secretion consisting chiefly of
desquamated epithelial cells that collect beneath the foreskin of the penis or
around the clitoris. I can even spell all those words even though I don't know
what they all mean. Anyway, wash it off. It's gross. If you were gross, I'd have
had Rocky wash you, too, but you practice good personal hygiene."

"Did you learn that in your school, too?"

"Yeah. I also got a CPR card and learned first aid. I learned accounting and
household financial planning, how to use a computer, you name it. It's pretty
intense and you learn a lot more than Home Ec teaches in high school. I'll
sponsor you so you can sign up for the spring semester if you'd like."

"And they teach... what I just went through."

"That's just a start. It's the nineties, Kat. Most people don't even think of
oral sex as kinky any more. I've read that teenagers do it all the time so they
won't get pregnant. Giving blow jobs is the 'in' thing these days. So, ready for
your first?" she asked as Kat put the cloth back in the basin.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," Kat said, holding Rocky's cock in her hand and
looking at it as if it was made of bitter poison.

"It's attitude, lady. It's all up here," Maria repeated for the zillionth time
in last two days as she tapped the side of her head. "We're going to have fun.
Don't jump right into it. That's why we tied him up. Get down there between his
legs and just give him a lick up the bottom side of his cock."

Kat obeyed. Rocky groaned at the first touch. Kat giggled and did it again.
Rocky's cock bounced up and down in her hand.

"Ooo, pre-cum," Maria cooed. "It's really slick. Touch it."

Kat had been married for almost ten years, and had never looked at Rocky's cock
this closely. Their lovemaking usually consisted of her lying back with her legs
open and her eyes closed while Rocky 'did his thing' to her. A few times, he got
hard a second time and lasted long enough that Kat had an orgasm. Her mother had
advised faking it. She did. Every time she got fucked.

Kat touched the oily secretion, rubbing it between her fingers.

"Taste it," Maria told her. "I've only sucked a couple of guys without a rubber
and it was tasteless."

Kat tentatively brought her finger to her mouth and touched it to the tip of her
tongue. Satisfied that she wasn't going to gag or vomit, she sucked her finger
clean. "Yep. Tasteless."

"Real cum's kind of salty and tangy. I guess it is. I've only tasted it once.
And you don't have to taste it today if you don't want to. Letting a guy cum in
your mouth is a big step, even if he's your husband. I'd wait until his birthday
or your anniversary or something and make it special. Until then, you can
just..."

"Will you two please..." Rocky interrupted.

"Silence! Now!" Maria snapped at him.

--==*==--

Rocky was in agony. His balls sagged to the surface of the bed. His cock had
been rigid for well over an hour. Maybe two. He had no idea what time it was or
how long they had been playing sex games. He couldn't deny that he enjoyed
pleasing his wife, but he needed to cum. His groin ached, engorged with enough
sperm to impregnate an entire harem. He was going to die if he didn't get off
soon.

"How often do you beat off, Rocky?" Maria asked. "Be honest."

"Once in a while," he answered evasively.

"I see. Did you do it yesterday? Or this morning after closing? Tell the truth."

"Yeah," he answered, obviously embarrassed.

Maria turned to face Kat and frowned. "You're neglecting your husband. If you
don't get him off at least three or four times a week, he's either getting it
someplace else or beating off. Maybe both. If he's really horny, it only takes a
few minutes. And if you suck him or whack his pud, you can't even get pregnant.
Guys don't mind being whacked off by a naked woman, do they, Rocky?"

"Would you please let me cum?" he begged, lifting his head to look at the naked
women sitting between his legs. When Maria frowned at him, he answered her
question. "I not only wouldn't mind if you just stroked me off, I'd love it.
Especially right now."

"See?" Maria giggled. "But you need to suck him first. He's so horny, you better
give him the squeeze. Fingers and thumb top and bottom right at the base of his
cock. Yeah, right there. Now squeeze firmly. That way he can't cum. It's a
technique that couples use when hubby's a premature ejaculator. Now lick that
cock to get it wet, pucker up, and slide your lips down until your mouth is
full."

Kat knelt there, still not sure she wanted to do it. She licked her lips and
used her thumb to wipe away the pre-cum collected at the tip of his cock.
Bending forward, she stuck out her tongue and let some spit flow onto her
husband's cockhead, then spread it with the tip of her tongue. Pumping up her
courage while squeezing firmly at the base of his cock, she leaned down and let
her lips slide over his cock and down and inch or so.

"Up and down," Maria coached. Kat sucked in and slid her lips back up.

"Yeah!" Maria cheered, clapping her hands. "You are now officially a cock
sucker. OK. Time to get him off and not with your mouth. Like I said, save that
for a special occasion. I'd like to see how far he can shoot. Katy's husband,
Bruce, can shoot over his own head. Aim Rocky up at about a forty-degree angle
and stroke him off. Here, use some oil."

"This is nuts," Kat mumbled.

"I'll say," Rocky growled through his teeth as he tensed.

"Faster, Kat. Squeeze harder, all the way around and whack. Faster."

"Oh, shiiit," Rocky grimaced, his body arched up off the bed.

"Don't stop!" Maria yelled. "Go, girl. Stroke. Faster."

For ten, fifteen, twenty seconds, Rocky didn't breath or move, every muscle in
his body tensed, his back and hips arched off the bed. Kat was moving her hand
up and down as fast as she could, watching Rocky, fascinated. She had never seen
him like this before. Then he let out a strangled cry and Kat felt his cock
pulse in her fist and send a stream of cream flying out to land across his face,
pooling in his left eye socket, and running down his cheek and over the top of
his head.

"Don't stop," Maria coached. Both women watched the second blast make it to his
chest. Kat's windage was still a little off to the left. She aimed the third
spurt at his navel and filled the depression to overflowing. Although Rocky
continued for another four spasms, the rest of his spew just oozed out over
Kat's hand.

"Not bad," Maria grinned. "Sixty-nine seconds start to finish. Go ahead and
taste. Go on. You're going to let him cum in your mouth pretty soon. Just have a
taste, for now."

Kat got bashful and looked away. Then she looked back at her husband. He looked
so peaceful and totally 'tuckered out'. She reached a fingertip out to get a
drop of sperm, then changed her mind and leaned forward to lick some spunk off
Rocky's cockhead. "It is salty," she said. "And slimy." She twirled her tongue
around in her mouth and smacked her lips. "And it tastes a little like
pepperoni."

Maria laughed. "I've heard that guys taste like whatever they've eaten. Can I
have a taste? Oh, I guess I shouldn't until we've all had AIDS tests. Oh, well.
Let's get him cleaned up and ready for round two."

"Round two?"

"Oh, yeah," Maria grinned. "We've only just begun. Want me to help or are you
still on your 'don't touch my husband' kick?" When Maria saw Kat's pensive look,
she waited a moment, then said, "It's OK, lady. Be jealous. Be a little
insecure. When you and Rocky are so totally into each other that you don't worry
at all any more, maybe you'll be OK with it. If you're not, that's OK, too. I'll
get over it." She impulsively hugged Kat and the black woman immediately pulled
back. Maria laughed heartily. "OK, madam inhibited. Clean up your husband."

Rocky groaned as Kat took his flaccid cock in her hand and scrubbed it with the
dishcloth. Then she wiped the spunk off his chest and face and out of his belly
button. Then she washed his cock twice more when Maria said she was going to
have to suck him again.

"I just _love_ feeling a cock get hard in my mouth," Maria told Kat. "Nurse on
him just like we sucked your nipples. Until you've done it, you can't believe
how powerful it makes you feel to be able to control a part of a man's body. Go
on. Try it."

Rocky was either asleep, passed out, or doing a good job of faking
unconsciousness. Kat looked at the fat, floppy worm before she picked it up with
her hand. She giggled as it bent to Rocky's right, her left. She looked at
Maria, then Rocky's face, then the limp penis she held. Opening her mouth wide,
she took him in. The whole squishy thing fit easily.

A tonguing seemed appropriate, so Kat started swiping her tongue around the
thing. Rocky groaned. He and his cock woke up at the same time. As his manhood
filled with blood, it pushed his wife away. She kept sucking. It was payback
time. She was going to make his twitch for every time he made her twitch.     
[Image] "Oh, yes, Kat, baby," Rocky panted. "Geeeeez."

"Am I a good cock sucker?" Kat asked, stroking his cock as she watched his face.
His eyes were still closed.

"Oh, yeah, baby. Best I've ever had."

"And how many have you had?"

Rocky's expression changed. His cock started deflating. "Sore spot," Maria said.
"You'll have to talk about it later. You, stud, be honest with your wife, got
it?" She stabbed her finger into his chest for emphasis. "And you respect his
privacy," she glowered at Kat. "Don't tell anybody what he tells you, not even
me. He has to trust you with those private things. If you got that kind of
reaction, I'm sure it's not something he's proud of, something like getting
sucked in jail or as a kid. OK, enough of that serious stuff. Now it's time for
the gross stuff."

"I don't like the sound of that," Kat said, frowning at Maria.

"I've never done it on a real man," Maria admitted. "But wives need to do it for
their husband's protection and health. When was the last time you had a
physical, Rocky?"

He thought for a second. "High school football. My senior year."

"At least ten years. Guys. You're all the same," Maria sighed. "And that's why
you have to take care of him. Do you know what a prostate gland is?"

"Oh, no!" both Kat and Rocky exclaimed together.

"Yes," Maria said firmly. "Every man needs a regular prostate exam. [* see
footnote] Self-exams and wife exams are just as important to a man as breast
exams are to a woman. You do regular breast self examinations, don't you?" Maria
could tell by Kat's expression that she didn't. "You _DO_ need to go to school,
woman," Maria sighed in exaggerated resignation. "Well, you're not getting out
of this. One of the reasons I had Rocky ream your butt hole was so you'd be
ready for some payback. You can wash your finger. I'm not going to make you lick
it clean."

"Oh, no! No. No way," Rocky growled. "After that body cavity search the last
time I went in, I swore never again."

"This isn't a body cavity search," Maria told him. "It's much more important.
Besides, a lot of guys like it if a girl does it."

"Not me. Get away from me."

Maria was afraid he might actually break her 'love cuffs'. The nylon webbing for
the ties was fairly narrow and he had managed to stretch it noticeably. But MM
was transmitting new orders.

"You just need the right incentive, Rocky." She could already see what she
needed; Kat's sewing accessories. She walked over and got the pincushion. "Body
piercing is the 'in' thing right now. I wonder how many times I can pierce your
cock before you let Kat do a simple little prostate exam."

"No!" Rocky yelled, his eyes bugging out. Now he was really terrified.

"But I'll have to be real sure that you don't get infected. Kat, do you have
some rubbing alcohol? I know it'll sting but it's really important. You wouldn't
want his cock to get infected after I do the piercing. You wouldn't be able to
suck it."

"OK, you crazy bitch. If you'll stay away from me, I'll let Kat do what she
needs to do," Rocky panted out, his body covered with perspiration.

"I'll just hold onto this in case you need an incentive. I hear that pecker
piercings feel really good inside a pussy. Kat might like it if I put a nice
ring in your cock."

"Stay away from me," he said, his eyes wide open, his head up.

"OK, Kat. Oil up your finger and his butt hole. Lots of oil makes it easier,"
Maria said. She waited until Kat had wiped one oily finger through Rocky's crack
and reoiled it. "Now real easy, with your palm up, push your middle finger in
all the way. Rocky, it'll be easier if you push out on her finger like you're
trying to push out a turd."

Rocky didn't push out to make it easier. He pushed out to try to expel the
invading digit. The result was the same; his sphincter relaxed as his rectum
tried to contract and Kat's finger slid right in.

"Good. Now feel around with your fingertip for a hard thing about the size of a
walnut. Feel it?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Good. It should be firm, kind of uniformly hard. Feel around for any lumps or
growths." Maria and Kat both chuckled. Rocky was hard as a rock and groaning.
"Told you that some guys like it," Maria giggled. "He sure seems to like your
finger. Now press it against his pelvic bone and make sure it's not squishy. Is
it? Good. Now you can just play with it. I've heard that doctors can get sperm
samples by massaging the prostate and that some guys can cum without anything
ever touching their pecker. See if you can make him cum."

"You really are a kinky bitch," Kat laughed. "Is there anything else I need to
do while I'm in here?"

"Not unless you want to try to make him cum."

"I prefer a more natural method," Kat grinned, slowly removing her finger from
her husband's bottom. Rocky let out a groan and his cock immediately deflated.

"Sucking is natural," Maria told her.

"Just what I had in mind," Kat giggled, quickly engulfing his cock with her
mouth and sucking vigorously. Rocky was hard in a few seconds. While Kat
distracted him, Maria moved the ropes that held his ankles, reaching under the
bed to thread one over the middle of the bed frame's cross bar. She crossed the
two ropes into an overhand knot and pulled Rocky's legs together. She finished
securing the rope with a square knot before he could pull free.

"Fish his balls out from between his legs and climb on," Maria told Kat. "Try
out the female superior position since you're definitely a superior cock sucker.
I can't wait to try that with my husband if I ever find him. Use Rocky. If you
can't cum from just fucking on his love stick, frig yourself off where he can
watch. He'll love it. Have fun, you two."

Maria stood at the door, watching. Kat looked at her, then at Rocky and his
waiting cock. "Kinky bitch," she mumbled as she straddled her husband and
lowered herself into position. As she seated herself, she let out a satisfied
sigh. Maria waited until Kat began to fuck her husband before she left, making
sure she locked the door behind her. --==*==--

When Maria turned around, Rat and Charli were waiting, watching from the door of
the flop pad. "Is everything all right?" Rat asked. "We heard yelling."

"Fine," Maria grinned. "I just had to spread some more good cheer. Have you guys
eaten yet? I'm starved. What time is it?"

"A little after two."

"Good. We have time to eat and to do some shopping before we have to open up.
Let's go."

The trio shared a cab ride to a mall in the suburbs. After getting burgers at
the food court, they bought... everything.

They found matching g-strings at the mall's erotic boutique, patches of bright,
shiny maroon lame', Redskins colors. Maria and Charli learned that Rat was an
avid football fan and followed her to the NFL store next to Sears. They left
with maroon- colored nylon diaper-wrap shorts and white, stretchy-knit,
turtleneck halter tops with the Washington Redskins logo on the front.

At a discount store across the highway from the mall, they found nighties. Tiny,
almost transparent, and sexy. Maria proposed a wet lingerie dancing segment. Rat
and Charlie wanted a 'girl next door' look, too. That was easy. And they all
needed ordinary clothes. They requested a station wagon cab for the return trip.

Back at the club, Maria told the group, "I've got an idea." She made a phone
call and came back smiling. "Now let's recruit another dancer for tonight."

"How? We open in just over half an hour," Rat told her.

Maria was delighted to hear 'we' and explained her idea to Charli and Rat. The
bounded up the stairs and confronted Shirley. "Kat needs help tonight," Maria
informed Rocky's kid sister. "You're going to dance."

"I have to baby-sit."

"Not tonight. A babysitter is coming. You're over 18 and you can dance, so
you're going to."

Shirley objected again and again. She was too fat. She would drive away
customers. She couldn't dance. "I'd be embarrassed to death."

"Get over it," Maria told her. "All of us were embarrassed. We went through the
same thing. Guy'll tease you and insult you. They're cruel. So what? You just
smile and take their money."

"I'm not going to do it. No way."

"No choice," Rat informed the fat girl. Charli worked on her, too. While they
were busy, Maria recruited Kit, who had just made it back with the kids.
Darlene's daughter Jennifer had come in with Kit who paid the enormous cab tab.
In the end, the women had to physically hold Shirley down and strip her. She was
still protesting when they literally dragged her down the stairs to the
mezzanine level to begin the night.

In spite of an enormous bottom and a protruding belly to match, Shirley's jumbo
size boobs got her lots of table dances. The guys did everything they could to
humiliate her. To her credit, Shirley sassed them right back. The customers
enjoyed the variety and novelty of an obese stripper and Shirley was happy with
the money she was making.

By seven, the club was busy. Customers almost filled the main floor, and a few
who wanted more privacy for their table dances had moved onto the upper level.
"We could sure use Boobs and Vanilla," Kat yelled over the music, using Darlene
and Katy's stage names.

"Just say a little prayer," Maria told her. "Lord, we could sure use some more
help. Please send us some. And, oh, by the way, Lord, Kat's going to take Rocky
and the kids to church tomorrow."

"Don't make promises you can't keep," Kat cautioned.

"I'm not," Maria grinned. "If help arrives, you'll go, right?"

"Fat chance," Kat growled, hoisting six full mugs of beer.

Miracles do happen. At eight, pizza girl showed up, asking how much money she
might make if she was willing to dance naked and if she could start right away.
At eight-thirty, a Marine and his Asian wife arrived. They weren't making it in
the DC area on his corporal's pay and her job in the PX at barely over minimum
wage.

He had come by the bar with his buddies for "one beer" and was impressed with
the dancers. Could Ming try dancing? Maria took them upstairs and they were soon
dancing in Redskins' colors.

"Thank you, Lord," Maria said aloud. Then she added, 'And thanks, MM, for
telling me to buy extra stuff.' ____________

[* Although I use a wife's prostate exam as a form of domination in a bdsm story
it's a serious matter. Men need regular prostate exams just as much as women
need regular breast exams. With your partner's help, both types of examination
are at least a bit more tolerable. With a little imagination, prostate exams can
be a bit of kinky fun. For instructions on doing a self exam of the prostate or,
for even more fun, a partner exam, go to:
http://www.healthcentral.com/drdean/deanfulltexttopics.cfm?id=13-228
Remember, do it often. Men need it ;-))]




Good Wife University (GWU) Alumni

By bobbi jo

Part 1 - Chapter Fourteen

Maria and Friends: Masochist


"I can't believe this," Shirley smiled, recounting her money and deciding how
much of the pile of cash to declare to the IRS. "I'm fat and I still made more
then forty bucks an hour."

"You're going to be sore tomorrow," Maria warned. "But if you keep dancing,
you'll lose weight pretty quick and the soreness will go away as you get used to
the work. Now let's do some real work. Here, everybody." She passed out two
small, bound ledgers to each of the women. "One for the IRS, one for real." She
also gave each woman a spiral notebook. "Even if it stays in your checking
account for now, set aside at least ten percent for savings. If you're saving
for something special, like a car or rent, set some more aside for that. To
figure out how much, you need a budget. Take out..."

"I'm too tired for this," Crystal the Pizza Girl, nicknamed 'PG21' by the
customers, complained. "Can't this wait until tomorrow?"

"Be here with your books at three-thirty tomorrow afternoon," Maria said firmly.
"And bring your check book and..."

"I don't have a check book," Charli interrupted.

"You'll open an account on Monday," Maria told her. "And we'll look for a place
to live, too. Well, I guess we're not going to get anything else done tonight.
There's food upstairs. Come on."

"Food? At this hour?" Rocky and Kat were surprised.

"Everybody has to tip Jennifer five bucks," Maria grinned. "She fixed us
something to eat after the kids went to sleep."

And what a feast Jennifer prepared: baked lasagna, garlic bread, tossed salad,
and chocolate brownies with chocolate ice cream on top. Jenni blushed as Rocky,
Tom, Ming's husband Greg, and ten topless women pounced on the food that she
brought down to the mezzanine. Then she felt a flush of pride as she accepted
compliments and thanks from the starving workers.

After a bit of pleasant conversation, Rat and Tom left the club for the short
walk to his apartment. Denni, Mel, and Jane decided not to spend another night
in the flop pad and went with the couple. Ming left with her husband. Kit and
Kat helped clean up and went to their respective apartments after offering
Jennifer their couch. Maria counter-offered the mattress in the flop pad and
Jennifer chose to join her older friend along with Shirley, Charli, and Crystal,
the former pizza delivery girl. They quickly showered and crashed, completely
exhausted.

--==*==--

Everyone slept in on Sunday. Maria woke Charli for church, assuming that she was
Catholic. They barely made it to the crowded 11 a.m. mass. Maria left a card
offering a half-price table dance in the songbook. At noon, they picked up
Dunkin' Donuts and milk for the others, passing out more of the dance cards as
they went. When they got back to their flop pad, Shirley and Jennifer were up,
talking.

"I shouldn't have donuts," Shirley said, groaning as she stretched stiff, sore
muscles.

"You'll burn it all up this evening. You're dancing tonight."

"I'm too sore. I ache all over."

"And you'll be sore every time you dance unless you keep doing it at least every
other day for a week or two. Once your body's used to it, you'll be fine, but if
you wait until you're not sore any more, the next time you dance, you'll be just
as sore all over again. So you dance tonight. You can take Monday off, then
dance Tuesday, off Wednesday and Thursday, if you want. Then plan to work next
Friday and Saturday. OK?"

Shirley groaned. Maria offered a massage, then threatened to tie her up if she
didn't strip herself and endure the massage. Of course, the Latina couldn't
resist teasing Rocky's baby sister when the youngster's fat nipples stood up.
Rocky, Kat, and her sister stopped by after church. "It wasn't as bad as I
remembered," Kat told Maria.

"It's good for the kids, too," Maria grinned.

Jennifer went home in a cab, pleased to have earned a nice chunk of money for
Christmas shopping. Before she left, Maria worked out a budget with her. Then
Maria she sat down with Charli and helped her come up with a budget that would
let her rent an apartment by New Years and buy a used car a month or two later.
Shirley was next.

Maria's lecturing and cajoling earned her the nickname 'Mother' as she insisted
that everyone budget and account for all their earnings. Once she was satisfied,
Maria led a discussion of plans for the club. "Should we have themes? How about
an amateur night? Darlene, Katy, and I were looking for amateur nights as an
audition."

"If I get to dance, Kat'll take anybody," Shirley laughed.

"No," Kat told everyone. "You have to be sober and no drugs. I want this place
to have a decent reputation. If we attract the wrong kind of people, we'll lose
customers and gain problems from the neighbors and the police."

Maria turned and pronounced, "Say 'no' to drugs."

"Yes, mother dear," Kit laughed aloud. "And none of you under-twenty-ones has so
much as one drink, got it?"

"Yes, big sister dear," Denni teased.

"Hey, I'm the _big_ sister here," Shirley snapped, smiling.

It was almost opening time. The group collectively decided on costumes for the
evening, nighties, and everyone changed right there on the mezzanine. Maria
turned to Kat and told her, "You don't get to dance tonight. And Rocky, Tom can
handle the bar. Kit can help him if he needs it. You two need to spend an
evening with your kids and each other."

Kat started to object. Then she looked around. Nine young women were ready to
dance, including her sister-in-law and sister. If she insisted on staying, she'd
take table dances from them. "Thanks." "Don't thank me. Tom came up with the
schedule. You get tomorrow and Tuesday off, too. Darlene and Katy will be back
so we'll have plenty of help."

"What schedule?" Kat demanded, furrowing her brow even though she was smiling.
Tom showed them the schedule he came up with. It gave two or three consecutive
days off to each of the women. As soon as everyone saw it, they started changing
it. "Why don't we make up some blank ones and just let everybody fill in their
names?" Kat suggested. Everyone agreed.

The younger women all wanted to work Friday and Saturday because of the extra
money they expected to earn. Kat and Kit would work every weekend "unless the
kids have something at school. Sometimes I'll start late if they do."

"That'll be fine. We can ..." Tom offered his services in the office. Kat gladly
accepted.

--==*==--

As expected, Sunday was slow. "We're still busier tonight then we used to be on
Saturday nights," Kit told Maria. "You should go into business management."

"All I want is a loving husband and a house full of kids," Maria sighed. "I'm
not cut out to be a career woman."

"You couldn't tell by me," Kit laughed.

The small crowd began to dwindle before midnight so Tom called 'last call' at
12:30. The club was empty before one and Kit locked the doors so they could
count their earnings. Everyone made reasonably good money. Even Shirley counted
more then $200.

From the mezzanine, Kat called, "Come and get it." She apologized for the
simplicity of the meal. "It's the best I could come up with on short notice."

"It's home-cooked and scrumptious," Charli told her, sucking gravy from her
fingertip. "I love meatloaf, but do you have some catsup? I like catsup on mine,
not gravy."

"I'll get some."

Meatloaf, mashed potatoes, gravy, green beans, and Kool Aide were simple but
also tasty, healthy and filling. When everyone's tummy was distended, they
relaxed and talked, then helped Kat clean up in the flop pad's kitchen so they
wouldn't disturb the kids.

"Get a blow job tonight?" Maria loudly asked Rocky.

"No, but I ate some tasty pussy," he chuckled.

"If you neglect our chief bartender, I'll have to take matters into my own
mouth," Maria teasingly threatened Kat.

"Then take those cuffs of yours back," Kat shot back. Her broad smile let Maria
know that she enjoyed it.

"Only if you tie me up with them."

"That can be arranged," Jane told Maria. "I owe you."

"You don't owe me anything. I had fun."

"And you told us that you don't really get off unless you're tied up and
somebody makes you cum. Well, tonight's your night. Kat, you get those cuffs.
I'll get some rope."

Maria felt a surge of excitement, the blend of anticipation and fear that she
craved. None of these people had any experience or training in bondage. 'I'll be
helpless. I could get hurt.' Those fears just added to her arousal.

Jane made it back first. "Tell me about this," she said to Maria, nodding at the
ropes in her hands. "What goes on inside your head? It is a head-game, right?"

"Yes," Maria replied.

Jane waited for more. When Maria didn't continue, Jane did. "So what do you
like? Real tight? Being tortured? I've never done anything really kinky. Dancing
naked was at the top of my list until I watched you the other night. Is that the
kind of thing that you want?"

"I wish I knew." Maria let out a soft laugh. "Part of it is not knowing. I don't
know how to explain it."

"Try, Salsa," Jane ordered. "Or I'll whip your butt."

"You really know how to turn a girl on," Maria laughed nervously. She looked at
Jane, then quickly looked away, trying to avoid the dark, serious look on the
black lesbian's face.

"Maybe we ought to tie her up and whip it out of her," Rat suggested, sitting
down at the cocktail table with Jane.

"Would you like that?" Jane asked.

Maria felt the rush of excitement. "Probably."

"We're trying to figure you out," Jane told Maria. "You're special. I've only
known you a couple of days, but it's like I've known you forever in some ways,
but in other ways, we don't know you at all."

"Whatever we do, it's got to be good for you," Rat said. "We don't want to hurt
you any more then you want to be hurt. Do you like being hurt? Are you a
masochist?"

Maria laughed nervously. "I wish I knew. Most of you know that I went to a
school over the summer. It was fantastic. One of the things we did was a little
bondage and spanking and stuff, just a way to add a bit of spice to a marriage
if it gets boring, you know? Most everybody figured it was OK once in a while,
but I really got off on it."

"It sure can be spicy," Kat giggled, looking at Rocky with a broad smile.

"Yeah," Maria snickered. "Part of the excitement is not being in control. If I
tell you exactly what to do, there's no surprise, no fear, no danger. I don't
really want to be in danger, but I want to feel like it. Does that make any
sense?"

"Are you avoiding my question?" Rat asked. "Are you into pain?"

"I guess I am," Maria sighed. "Not real heavy like whippings but, well, yeah.
When I tie myself up, I put clothespins or clamps on my nipples. Not being able
to do anything about them makes the whole experience so ...intense, I guess."

"You tie you'self up?" Ming asked in her heavy accent.

"I have. Quite a bit. The danger of getting caught and of being humiliated gives
me a charge. To tell the truth, humiliation is a kick, too. That's why I needed
Mental Mistress. She tells me to do scary things and sometimes nasty things. She
makes me wear my skirts too short, makes me keep my pussy bald, all that."

"Couldn't you, you know, cut off the blood to your nipples? I'd be afraid they'd
die and fall off," Charlie shivered.

"I learned lots of rules last summer. The biggest one is to have a safe word.
It's an out, a way to stop things if they're not right. We used a red-yellow
thing. Red is stop, yellow means I'm getting close to my limit so slow down or
change things or something 'cause otherwise I'll have to say 'red' and stop and
I really don't [Image] want to stop. As for nipples, it'd probably take over an
hour before they died, but they do get numb. It hurts more when the blood gets
back into them than the pinch at the start."

"Well, let's go upstairs and I'll tie you up," Jane chirped, leading the way.
The dirty dishes were left on the mezzanine. Everyone went upstairs to the flop
pad. Jane pulled an easy- chair swivel-rocker that badly needed reupholstering
to the middle of the living room. "Kneel," she ordered Maria, pointing to the
threadbare seat.

"Yes, Mistress Jane," Maria smiled, kneeling on the unsteady surface.

"Spread 'em," Jane said, putting her hand between Maria's legs to encourage her
to open them. When her calves were pressed against the spindles supporting the
chair's arms, Jane wove a rope around Maria's lower leg and the armrest
supports, repeating the process on the other side. Maria tested the bonds. They
were barely snug but very effective.

"Cuffs," Jane said, extending her hand as she watched Maria. Kat laid the 'love
cuffs' in Jane's hand. Jane looked at them for a moment to figure out how the
cuffs worked, then slid one over each of Maria's wrists, and fastened the Velcro
snuggly. She tied the straps to the ornate spindles that protruded above each
side of the rocker's back and pulled the ends of the straps down to tie them off
around the arm rests so Maria couldn't pull the ties up off the spindles.

"If you like tying yourself up, I bet you've got some sex toys in here," Jane
told Maria, hefting the big duffle to the middle of the room. To Maria's horror
and delight, her new friends went through her collection of sex toys, commenting
on each one. The presence of the three men, Tom, Rocky, and Ming's husband,
added to her embarrassment. After leaving some toys with Darlene's daughter
Jennifer, Maria not only replenished but added to her collection.

"Those are butt plugs, small, medium, and large. Do you like your butt filled?"
Rat asked.

"Yes, Mistress Rhonda," Maria answered.

"Then maybe we should fill it." Rat squeezed a generous glob of K-Y onto Maria's
brown hole and poked it in with her fingertip.

"If you put a rubber on the stuff, you don't have to worry about washing,
Mistresses," Maria suggested. Rat rolled a condom onto the biggest butt plug and
pressed the point against Maria's little hole. Maria consciously relaxed and
pushed out. When it popped into place, she let out a gasp. Rat worried for a
moment that she had hurt her friend but one look at Maria's face assured her
that even if it was painful, Maria liked the sensation.

"Hm, a ball gag. We couldn't hear a safe word if you're gagged, though. Besides,
I want to hear you beg and plead and cry," Rat told Maria, trying not to giggle
and possibly spoil the scene. "I think your nipples should be stimulated,
though."

Jane fished Maria's entire collection of nipple clamps from the big duffle bag
and untangled the chains that connected most of them. She and Rat examined them
closely, experimenting on their own nipples. Jane applied a pair of tweezer
clamps connected by a silver chain, adjusted so they just hugged her nip's just
snuggly enough to stay in place. "These feel kind of nice," she commented.

"Try leaving them on for a couple of hours," Maria told her. "You'll go through
a whole range of sensations, gentle squeezing, at first, then usually throbbing.
They don't really hurt while you're wearing them unless you tighten them up, but
wait 'til you take 'em off."

"Damn! These are really wicked," Rat exclaimed, working the clover clips with
her fingers. "They get tight just from their weight."

"And they pinch every time you move," Maria grinned.

"Every time _YOU_ move," Rat grinned, approaching Maria.

"Oh, geez, those things really hurt," Maria grimaced as Rat opened the jaws of
the clovers and positioned them. Maria let out a squeal as they closed on her
nipples.

"What was your safe word again?" Rat asked.

"My safe word is red, but don't you dare stop now, damn it!"

"Ooo, profanity. Naughty, naughty. Now we have to spank you," Jane teased. She
smacked Maria's bottom with her bare hand.

"Harder," Maria told her.

Jane's hand and wrist hurt after a few more slaps. Maria was still begging for
more. Charli found an old ping-pong paddle with a sandpaper surface and tried
it. Melissa used her hairbrush. Maria demanded more. Rocky offered his wide
belt. It still wasn't enough.

An hour later, everyone was frustrated; no one was satisfied. Maria's buttocks
were cherry red, bruised and covered with welts.

The other women were tired and frightened by how much punishment they inflicted
on their friend. Maria's reaction was even more frightening. "Harder. The belt.
Hard so it really hurts. Damn, I wish, I wish we had a cane or something."
Though she was sobbing and obviously in pain, she continued to beg for more.

"That's enough," Jane snapped. "Enough, damn it! Stop!" She hurried to release
Maria's bonds. The Latina couldn't stand. Just trying to straighten her body
hurt Maria. "I'm sorry," Jane sobbed, trying to help Maria.

"It's OK," Maria whimpered, hugging her friend. "It's my problem."

"Lay down with me. I'll get you off." She tried to pull the plug from Maria's
bottom but Maria objected. As they cuddled on the mattress, everyone else
wandered away. Once Maria was down, Jane licked Maria's bald pussy until her
friend had an orgasm. It was enough for Maria to fall asleep.

--==*==--

"So how's it going?" Katy asked as she swiveled into the minivan's passenger
seat.

"Totally wrong," Darlene sighed. "I'm the mommy. Even though Dwayne loves the
kids, he doesn't deal with them very well. Jennifer's being a teenager. The boys
are wild. Meals are disastrous. The house is a wreck. Dwayne's exhausted. I
thought it'd be sexy to wake him up with a blow job and we ended up arguing. He
hates the idea of me going back to the club."

"Bruce, too. Benjamin's teething. Bruce is going nuts from all his crying."

"I don't know if this is going to work," Darlene sighed.

"I thought the same thing until we counted the money. I can do this. We can do
it. I'm going to dance until we pay off our bills and Bruce gets his
contractor's license."

"Are you sore?"

"I was a little last week but I'm over it. It wasn't as bad as the first week at
GWU."

"Same here. But I could sure have used a massage. Instead, I got up early to get
the kids off to school and Dwayne off to work. I did get a nap."

"I'm just managing short naps. Like I said, Ben's teething."

Those were the last words spoken until they parked next to the Kit Kat at eight
Monday night.

--==*==--

After Kat and Kit got the kids off to school, they napped. Rocky was up at nine
to begin taking deliveries. Maria joined him, negotiating for credit and
invoicing. "You're amazing," Rocky laughed as the third deliveryman left without
cash in hand.

"So are you. Get a blow job yet?"

"Yes, I did, thank you," he chuckled. "And I'm invited to shower with my lovely
wife when Emily takes her nap this afternoon. I have a strong suspicion I might
get another one this evening."

"Good," Maria grinned. "I'm going to pass out a few more cards."

She took a cab to the business district. Walking was painful. She felt stiff.
Her butt was sore. She tried to figure out what went wrong and didn't have a
clue. She always got off at GWU.

When Maria got back to the club, Kit and Tom were talking about how to handle
the bar without Rocky. Ming was waiting. "My husband is working four to
midnight," she explained. Charli showed off a new pants suit. "I got some jeans
and shirts, too."

"Underwear?" Maria asked.

"Lots. I threw my old stuff away."

"Get anything to dance in?"

"A white T-back thong," Charlie grinned. "And new shoes. 'Looks like a pump,
feels like a sneaker'," she sang. "I guess I'll know by the end of tonight."

When they opened the doors at five, there were more dancers then customers, but
several of the early arrivals held tables or chairs at the stage for their
friends who would be along soon. It was going to be an easy night, especially
once Darlene and Katy arrived at eight.

Maria was confident that they would all make good money. At the rate they were
going, she would be able to afford a decent apartment of her own by Christmas.
So could Charli and Shirley. They were quickly becoming fast friends. Maria
worried about Tom and Rat. Talk about a May/September romance, he's old enough
to be her grandfather.

With luck, Darlene and Katy would save enough so that their husbands could go
into business for themselves. Dwayne wanted his own repair shop and parts place.
Bruce planned to have his contractor's license by next summer. With Katy's
income, they hoped he could buy a truck and tools to get a good start. Neither
of them wanted to continue dancing for any longer then necessary to meet those
goals.

For the three Musketeer outcasts--Melissa, Denise, and Jane--nude dancing was an
adventure. Maria envied their closeness.

Maria planned to work on getting Kat into the first session of GWU when it
opened in the spring. In her opinion, Rocky and Kat were special and needed to
be nurtured to grow and thrive. Wicked images of Kat's first week filled Maria's
mind as she thought about what might happen in the upstairs apartment once the
kids were asleep.

Kit was a different story. So outwardly confident, so internally frightened of
everything, Maria figured that it would be best to delay Kit's entry into GWU
until Kat was back home to watch R2. Kit was devoted to her son. Who was Rocky
Two's father? Maria never pried and Kit never volunteered.

With a deep sigh, Maria stretched her body, trying to relieve some of the
soreness from her beating last night. She still wore some visible welts and she
was badly bruised. "I'll survive," she told herself.

But she wanted more then survival. If she worked hard and danced almost every
night, Maria figured that she could save enough for a year of college by the
following August. With luck, she could keep up with her studies and dance a few
nights a week to finance the following year. 'But what am I going to study?' she
asked herself. All she really wanted was a big loving family like the one she
grew up in. That required a loving husband. And good husbands were found at
college, right?

"To the future," she toasted Kit and Tom. They held their glasses of 7-Up high
and nodded back at her. It was her turn to dance.

--------------------===*===---------------------

This is the end of Part I of the continuing story of the women of Good Wife
University (GWU). Some of the graduates quickly settled into their lives. Let me
go back to graduation day and give you an update on some of the rest of the
class.

Kim went home with Bill and Laura. She chose to go into a voluntary seclusion
until all the trials and legal maneuvering were over. Bill and Laura were busy
rediscovering love, sex, and communications. Dan and Debbie were married and
honeymooned in the Bahamas. After many long talks, they decided to try to have a
baby right away, so their sex life was pretty boring; missionary style twice a
day, five days a week and three times or more on Saturday and Sunday. Jennifer
went to college. Her story will have to wait.

Darlene, Katy, and Maria have more to say. And what about their new friends?
Will the Kit Kat thrive? Or wither and fail. Will Maria find true love? Will
Kit? Will Jane find a gay but feminine lover? Will Charli come out of her shell?
Will Rocky get to cum in Kat's mouth? How will Denise cope with her body? Can
Katy make enough money so Bruce can start his own contracting business? Who
knows? They control the story but, for now, they will have to wait.

Gwendolyn graduated from GWU with Maria, Darlene, and Katy. Remember her? Wendy?
The quiet college senior who was afraid that she was gay? So quiet and
conservative except for one wild weekend? Well, she's clamoring for me to tell
her story, rudely interrupting Maria and friends. Her story is next.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bobbi Jo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





