BDSM Library - My New Slave




My New Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Magical kingdom, a new male slave gets a different owner, but then, so does she!
My New Slave by Dragonette

http://www.homestead.com/DragonetteStories/slave1.html




My New Slave by Dragonette

http://www.homestead.com/DragonetteStories/slave1.html


In a land of magic, in another world, women are the leaders.  Males are all
slaves.  Some can eventually become servants, the trusted ones, though they are
still slaves.

No males are ever free.

We women rule, and I happen to be one of the most powerful ones here.  I have
great magic, and therefore great wealth.  My home is a massive castle, with
many, many slaves to do my bidding.

I rarely leave my castle, always studying, reading and acquiring more knowledge
in the ways of magic.  I have crystal balls, magic mirrors, crying items etc, to
observe my competitors and adversaries.  When I do leave, I usually transform
myself into a creature to suit my purpose, so that I can survey and check on any
progress within this land that could become a threat to me!

Today, I have retired to my own private room, tired and bored, needing a break
from my studying - needing a diversion, wielding magic is very draining and
exhausting.

I call my head servant/slave, after he has bowed and groveled, asked the usual
inane questions about my health and happiness, he then begs to know how he may
please me. As I pace about and glare at him, I ask if he has found anything of
interest recently, something new and novel to relieve my boredom.  He is scared,
as usual, as he knows that if I am not pleased I can be exceptionally cruel and
my punishment can be very severe.  He informs me that he has bought a new batch
of slaves, most are waiting in my harem, eager to please me.  This bores me
also, as they are always eager to please me!  My reputation as a very cruel
mistress is well known.  I stop my pacing and stare at him, glaringly!

He eventually stammers that there is a new slave in the dungeon, but he is not
ready yet.  He is still fighting against the rules.  He was kidnapped from
another land far away, where males are in charge and he is definitely not
willing to submit to being a slave, let alone a slave of a female.  Seemingly he
was a person of some rank in his country, a Prince or a very high ranking Lord,
but he will not admit to it!

Now this starts to interest me!  Hamm, this could be fun, relieve my boredom, I
rarely see any slaves who are not completely submissive!

Within my palace I have secret viewing areas of every room, including and
especially the harem and the dungeons.  No one knows of these, therefore I can
watch, look and listen anywhere and at anytime.

I stop pacing and recline on my massive four poster bed.  This makes my
servant/slave even more nervous.  I then, very calmly, ask some questions about
this new slave.  After he has stammered and eventually answered my queries, I
dismiss this cowering servant, who gratefully and quickly bows his way out.

I laze on my bed for a while, thinking and contemplating then decide that this
could be the relaxation and diversion I need.

I take a leisurely bath, perfume myself and put on one of my favorite gowns.  A
long, flowering, low cut, diaphanous blue gown, that sparkles and shimmers as I
walk, almost but not completely revealing.  Underneath I am wearing my special
outfit!

Then entering my secret passageways I wander around, looking and listening into
many rooms, including the harem.  All is as I expected, boring!

Changing direction, I travel down another passage that will give me access to
the dungeons.  I know which one this new slave has been incarcerated into.  It
is one of my favorites!

A large cavern room with chains and manacles attached to the walls, dimly lit by
torches placed around the walls.  Also on the walls are many instruments of
torture, whips, clamps and many new devices I have dreamed up.  In the center of
the room is a wooden structure, a simple square frame.

As I look down at this new slave from my secret viewing point, I can see he is
very tired.  At the moment he is chained by wrists and ankles to the brackets in
the wall, which do not give him much room to move and no way to relax.  He is
still trying very hard to stand up, but it is obvious he is getting very weary. 
He is also very dirty!  But he still has an air of defiance, pride, about him,
still trying to fight!

And he looks young and could be fairly cute under the dirt!

Yes, I believe I am interested, this could be fun and relieve my boredom for a
while anyway.

I return to my private chamber and summon my servant.  When he appears, bowing
and begging to know my wishes, I give him my instructions for this new slave.

First he must be bathed, thoroughly, shaved, fed a decent meal and given a drink
of one of my special brews.  (This special potion will revive him).

Then, he must be attired in one of my special outfits.

Naked, except for this harness.

A collar to start with, then a harness.

The collar is very special, and very important to me, because it contains
special elements, which stop any magic wielder from using their power, (more
powerful than any other restraint!).

At this stage, it is just a precaution, I have not sensed any magical power
emanating from him.

Then (of course) manacles on wrists and ankles.

He is then led back to the dungeon and my servants attach him to the square
upright frame.

He finds himself standing, but attached by his wrist manacles to the top corners
and by his ankle manacles to the bottom corners.

His arms and legs spread wide, a cross shape.

He also realizes that there is a chain attached to the collar he wears, and this
is secured above his head.

He now knows he is completely helpless, defenseless and very
vulnerable................

This makes him very angry and frustrated!

I am watching all this and I see his attempts to fight it.  Hamm, this is very,
very interesting.

My servants then set up a table, just in front of him with some of my special
toys (interesting objects).

There are whips, ropes, gags, blindfolds and some other items, which he is not
to sure about.

There are quite a few other items he does not recognize, but he knows they are
not good!

There is one he now recognizes, a chain with clamps on the ends.  He now knows
what this one is!

He tries to maintain his courage and his pride.

But as time passes, he starts to feel tired in this cruel position, and with the
chain attached to this collar he wears, he can only look at the items on the
table.

Then.............

He hears a noise, soft, like material sliding over a surface, and then he can
smell something, a lovely perfume.

He suddenly realizes that he is no longer alone, there is someone else here, he
cannot see anything, it is too dim with only the wall torches for light, and as
he concentrates he knows it is behind him, whoever or whatever!.

Suddenly he feels hands gliding over his back, gently caressing.

It gives him a shock as he was trying to prepare for pain!

Then....... He can feel nails lightly roaming over his back, it makes him
shudder.

Next he feels lips giving quick gentle kisses over his shoulders and then up and
all over the back of his neck.

He tries very hard to ignore this, not knowing what is going on or what will
happen.  He is still expecting pain, torture of some kind!

Little nips and licks he feels on his neck, shoulders, back and those hands and
nails continue to wander around.

The hands and nails wander around more, down his sides, down his legs, then up,
but this time on the inside of his legs.  Slowly, gently, moving up, touching
the inside of his thighs, roaming around.................

He tries so hard not to react, but his body tenses and he groans......

He thinks he hears a chuckle, but so faintly that he is not sure.

Suddenly the hands are gone, but then he feels a tongue playing around his ear,
licking, then and a gentle suck on his earlobe.

He can't move his head because of the chains attached to the collar; all he can
see is the table with these torturous items displayed, and the way he has been
restrained!  He is confused!

Now the hands, still gently caressing, move over his chest, so very teasingly,
circling his nipples and softly brushing them, making them harden.

He is trying so very hard not to react, but this was not what he expected!

As the hands, fingers and nails roam all over him, he feels a body pressing into
his back, he already knew it had to be female from the touch, the nails and the
perfume........

He can feel soft breasts pressing into his back, and the hands that are now
touching him are slightly firmer........

His body is reacting, he cannot control it, and this was not what he
expected..............

Even his breathing, he is gasping and moaning!

And even though he hates to admit it, he is enjoying it  oh, if only he could
move!

The muscles in his arms and legs are hurting, this position is very cruel, and
he now realises that this female knows exactly how torturous her touch is.

Then, suddenly, nothing!..........

She has moved away.

There is relief, for a moment, then frustration!

Again a moan escapes him.....And was that another soft chuckle!

His frustration and anger builds inside him, but he is so determined not to give
in!

As he battles for his own control, he knows she is still there, watching him,
and this angers him more.

As he begins to find some inner calm, to control his breathing and relax, he
feels something placed over his eyes and tied tightly behind his head.  He is
now blindfolded.  A while ago he may have wished for this so that he could not
see the items on the table, now, again he feels fear.  He is helplessly and
cruelly bound and can no longer see, he now can only listen and feel, and worst
of all, imagine!

He tenses, expectant, but not sure what for!

Soft lips gently kiss his lips, and he responds, kissing back, it was so
unexpected, he didn't have a chance to be prepared to fight against it, and
again his body betrays him.  He strains forward to try to capture those
lips........

Then his lips are kisses again, softly, gently, but always staying just that
fraction away whenever he strives for more!

And even though he hates to admit it, he does want more!

Fingers and nails running over his chest, playing with his nipples, circling
them, rubbing them, then licking them, while hands wander around.

Moving closer to him, I place my arms around his neck, pressing close, feeling
him.

Letting him kiss me, which he does, hard, pushing his tongue into my mouth while
he tries to push his body closer to me.

His very hard penis is pressing into me, and I move so that it presses between
my legs.  He is moaning and straining against his bonds.

"What do you want?"  I whisper in his ear

His body jumps, this is the first time I have spoken to him

He pulls away from me, with great difficulty, and says "I just want my freedom!"

He jumps again as he feels fingers touching his penis, lightly gliding, stroking
up and down, then holding it and rubbing the tip.

Again he hears me whisper, "Is freedom all you want?"

He gasps "nooooooo, yessssssssss!"

I kiss him, slowly, lingeringly, letting my teeth nibble his lips and my tongue
wander around, then I move away.

He gasps, moans and then says (from clenched teeth) "Bitch!!!!!"

He hears another chuckle and the words "Later slave..........."

I leave him to think while I return to my room, call my servant and issue some
orders.  I have a rest and something to eat, and think....

He finds himself being released by two very strong servants, led back to his
room, fed and told to rest for a while.  He will be summoned later!

He rests, or tries to.

Later these same two servants come for him, they pull his arms behind his back
and attach his wrists together, and then they clip a leash to his collar.  He
struggles, but he knows he can't escape.  He is then led through passages and
eventually arrives in front of a very ornate door.  They stop, and opening the
door they tell him to enter.  Knowing he has no choice he walks into the room.

The door closes behind him.

He stops and looks around, it is a large room lit my candles and the main piece
of furniture is a very large four poster bed.

The lighting from the candles does not let him see too well, but he can make out
a figure reclining on the bed.

He glances around the rest of the room but there are no other doors, no escape,
so he stands there, determined and proud, even naked and bound as he is!

He hears the words "Come here slave!..........."

But, on hearing the word slave, he grits his teeth and stands taller, more
determined!

The figure on the bed, slowly moves, stands and starts to approach
him............

Her features are hard to see clearly, there is a shimmering around her, he
recognises this as magical, but the voice he knows is the same as the one in the
dungeon.  And from what he can determine, she is naked.

She approaches him and takes hold of the leash, then gently pulls it, he finds
he cannot resist this leash and has to follow, (the magic of the collar!).

He is led to the bed, and knows he must lie in the middle of it, he tries to
resist, but there is strong magic at work and he has to obey!

He finds himself on the bed, and suddenly his wrists are released.

She, this female, reclines next to him, just watching him.....

Her hand then touches his chest and slowly starts to caress him....

His body reacts, he likes the touch, but he will not be used this way so he
grabs her wrist.

Strangely she does not seem worried, she moves closer and brings her lips to
his, just touching............

He wants to kiss her lips, but fights against it!!!!

He wants to fight her, as well as taking his revenge.............

He is angry, frustrated and very determined to fight against this captivity!

But...........

He realises that there is some sort of other restraint, not just the collar and
leash......Magic........

She leans over him and moves his arms, and he feels his wrist manacles attached
to the posts of the bed, his arms are pulled tight, he groans in frustration and
anger!

He now knows the meaning of slave.........

He feels hands and nails again roaming over his naked body, and even though he
tries to fight, he enjoys the touch, the feeling, the sensations, his body
reacts...

The lips on his, softly, moving away as he tries to reach them....

His penis has become so hard again that it is throbbing, painfully........

He can feel her, smell her next to him....Soooooo close.....

He wants to be free, to touch her, to tease her, make her moan and groan in
pleasure, to tease her torturously, make her feel helpless....

To make her his captive!!!!

He wants his freedom.....

He is so angry and frustrated!!!!!

But..............

The touch and smell of her, her hands wandering over him, her lips touching his,
her tongue, licking his lips, then down his neck, little touches and then nips
of her teeth.  Occasionally a harder bite....

Then a suck and nibble of his nipple.........

Hands roaming all over him............

Stroking, caressing, soft touches, harder touches, licks, nibbles and
bites..........

Then his penis is held firmly and he feels it stroked, up and down the length of
it, slowly, then faster, and then slowly again......

The tip is rubbed, it is now wet and he is so hard.........

He groans.................

Then he feels her lips moving over it, and her tongue licking it, sucking the
tip........

His body arches up, trying to get closer, wanting, needing.....

He is hurting, the throb of his penis, needing release..................

He struggles, fights...

But he is a captive, tightly bound, helpless...

And he hates it, he will NOT be a slave, he will not give in....

But...

His body keeps betraying him, he hurts, frustration, this longing for release,
he wants to have control, revenge, he wants freedom!  Oooh, if he was free,
things would be very, very different.

He is clenching his teeth, trying so hard not to even make a sound, but he
cannot help it, he is moaning in frustration....

And he can hear her wicked chuckles as he responds to her touch!

She continues to touch him, caressing him, pressing herself to him

Her naked flesh touching his, her breasts against him...

She moves a leg over his, he can now feel her, her heat, her wetness against his
leg....

Again he moans and struggles...

He feels her lips against his again as he feels her move.

She moves over him, astride him, and lowers herself to him.

So that the tip of him can just feel, can just touch her, feel her heat, her
wetness.

She moves so that his penis glides over her, letting him feel her, letting his
tip find the opening, letting it in, but only just...

He tries to push, wanting more, desperate, aching to feel the heat, the wetness,
and the very inner depth of her.  Needing this special place.

To be inside, to feel it all, the heat, the wetness, the tightness, then even
tighter, grabbed by her muscles.  He wants to thrust into her hard, so very hard
into her, to impale her on him, to make her move with him, to hear her moan,
groan and to make her beg him for her release!

But she is still playing with him, and he cannot help his moans!!!!

He is in torment...

He struggles...

Suddenly she moves away from him, he almost yells but manages to stop himself,
and just lets a groan escape instead...

One wrist is released, so suddenly it is a shock!.....

His shoulder and arm muscles are so cramped that the release is painful, and he
moves this arm to relax it before he actually realises that one arm is free...

He then feels her against him, so very close, everything touching, her skin, her
breasts, her inner self on his leg, her heat....

He is very wary of moving, why has his arm been released?

Then....

Again her lips on his, touching, licking, teasing and moving away...

His free arm moves, he moves his hand to her hair as if to stroke it.

But he grabs it, takes a good hold and pulls, forcing her, her lips to his....

He is not in a mood to be gentle, at least a kiss, before she makes him helpless
again....

He hears her gasp, but her lips are now on his...

For a moment he gently kisses, savoring, enjoying the feeling

But he feels frustrated, if all he can get is her lips, her mouth, then he will
devour it, rape her mouth with his tongue!

He tries to kiss her harder, to place his tongue inside her mouth, but she
resists...

He pulls her hair, very hard...

She gasps and tries to get away, but he just pulls harder.

What game is she playing?

He knows she can stop him at any time, he has listened and learnt from the other
slaves, her magic is very strong, and the collar he wears is very powerful, and
it stops anyone wearing it from using their own magic! (Not that he has any)

He would prefer not to play her game, whatever it is, but she has teased him,
tortured him, maybe there is some way he can win?

Maybe...............

He pulls harder, pulling her head back, his lips on hers, hard, his tongue
forcing entry into her mouth...

Her hands push against his chest, trying to push him away....

She still fights him....

But, her lips open and he gains entry to her mouth.

He pushes his tongue into her mouth, probing, thrusting in, letting his wants
and needs drive into her mouth, raping her mouth....

His hand releases her hair, and moves over her.

Her neck, her shoulders and down.

He finds a breast, soft, and his fingers circle it.

He touches it, caressing it, holding it and he hears her softly moan.

He plays with it, finding the nipple, touching it, rubbing it, and teasing it
until it becomes hard and erect.

His mouth is still on hers, his tongue still probing.

But he wants to do more.

His fingers hold her hard nipple, and start to play with it, rubbing, pulling
it, gently at first....

She moans and her body arches up, closer to his hand, his fingers...

He feels a moment of triumph, she has responded to his touch.

Now....

Still holding her nipple, playing with it, his lips and tongue release her mouth
and move down, over her neck, licking and nibbling, both soft and hard nibbles.

She still has her hands against his chest, trying to push him away, but her body
is responding to his touch.

He knows she is playing with him, she can stop him, restrain him, even cause
excruciating pain, do anything to him, as long as he has this collar on!

He does not want to play her game, whatever it is, but, he realises he must
continue this, maybe there is a chance of escape?  And he wants release, needs
release and his freedom!!!!!!

His lips move down and capture her other nipple, licking and sucking it, while
he teases the other one with his fingers....

She moans and arches herself up to him, but still pushing him away with her
hands...

He then lets his teeth bite on the nipple that he has captured in his mouth and
squeezes very hard on the other one....

She yelps in pain and tries to get away, trying to pull away but at the same
time, having to move closer to try and relieve the pain.

He releases the nipple in his mouth, but puts more pressure on the other nipple,
very hard...

She is reaching up, arching herself, moaning, he knows he is causing a lot of
pain...

He decides that maybe this is his chance, and giving her a soft kiss, he then
whispers

"Release my other arm!"

She struggles and moans  "Noooooooo!!!!"

His lips move to her other nipple again, and gently bite it...

He then tells her that he will bite harder until she releases his arm.

She fights him for a little while, but eventually he hears her moan. "Yes! OK, I
will release you, no more - please!"

And his other arm is released.

He is surprised, but knows he is not really free, as long as he wears the
collar, he can only do what she allows!

But for this moment, his freedom is a relief.

He lets her go, as he needs to ease his cramped muscles...

She falls back on the bed, but quickly moves away from him.

He relaxes and then moving onto his side, resting his head on his arm, he just
looks at her.

She is watching him as well.

A slight smile on her lips.

He points to the collar on his neck and raises an eyebrow.

An unspoken question, but the meaning is very clear.

She shakes her head, "No!!!!"

"You are now my slave, my property, accept it!"

"I know you have heard and learnt some things, you know there is no escape, but
if you please me, keep me interested in you then you can be treated very well!
There are worse things!"

He sighs and shakes his head.

"No, there is nothing worse, freedom is everything!"

She smiles and says "Then I guess you have to learn the hard way, it is much
easier if you just accept!"

"Never!" he says almost yelling it!

Suddenly his wrists are attached to the bedposts again.

She moves over him again, astride him.

Her hand holds his penis, stopping him from further entry.

And her lips and tongue start wandering around again, his neck, his lips, his
ears, and his nipples...licking, sucking and nibbling.

Again her voice, so softly in his ear.

"What do you want  - my SLAVE?"

He is about to beg her, plead, anything, until he hears that word!

"Noooooooooooo, never!" he yells as he tries to fight!

He hears her chuckle again; he really hates that sound now!

Suddenly he feels his penis released and it surges into that hot, wet, tight
exotic place.

He thrusts as hard as he can, it is such a wondrous feeling that he almost
explodes in relief and ecstasy.

Then he hears her gasp, and he feels her, her hotness...

He may be helpless, bound as he is, but he can make her wait!

Difficult as it is for him, he slows himself, thrusting into her, but slowly!

She writhes against him, touching him, pushing onto him, needing her own
release!

He has a moment of feeling in control, holding back, but she has teased him so
much, he is so hard, it is so very painful, and the feeling is so exquisite, he
knows he cannot last!

He then can only see one way of keeping his pride, and says in a very harsh
voice.

"Admit it BITCH, you want it!!!!"

As she moves with him, letting him into her, thrusting with him, feeling him
fill her, wanting all of him, ready for release, oh so ready, gasping and
panting, moaning, writhing, pushing onto him.

He hears her whisper "Yes!"

He cannot hold back any longer, even though he wanted more submission from her,
but he has been pushed too far, he needs the release more than she does, he
gives a final very, very hard thrust into her, feeling everything, and
explodes...

She collapses on top of him and while they both catch their breath, he feels his
wrists released, and he wraps his arms around her.  Without realising it, he is
kissing her forehead and hugging her tightly.

After a while she slides off him and snuggles into his side and rests her head
on his chest, then he hears her breathing change as she falls asleep.

He lies still, holding her and thinks about what has happened, then drifts into
sleep himself.

Some hours later, she awakens and is startled to see him lying beside her, just
watching her.  Normally she would have had him taken back to his room in the
harem.  She tries to move closer to him, but can't seem to, she tries to move
her hand to touch him, but again she can't.

He smiles at her then, still watching, as she looks and sees that he has
attached her wrists to the bedposts, and as she tries to move her legs, she
realises they are secured to the bedposts as well.

She struggles frantically for a while, then relaxes. 

He then sees a very frightened and amazed look on her face and she stares at the
collar still on his neck!  He realises that she has tried her magic to release
herself and found that is has not worked.  He chuckles and holds up a leash, so
that she can see it and gives it a pull.

She yells in shock and horror as she feels the tug at the collar on her neck! 
How did he manage that?

He answers her, before she can ask.  "I looked around when I awoke, and I found
this in one of the drawers, pushed to the back  I was not sure if it had the
same properties, but seemingly it has, your magic doesn't work now does it?"

He sees great fear in her eyes and she struggles wildly for a while, until she
exhausts herself.

He waits patiently, smiling, watching and enjoying her struggles.

He then tells her that he knows she cannot release his collar, until he releases
hers, so they are both captives at this moment!  But she is the one that is
restrained.  He asks if she would like to try to call her servants, but does she
really want them to see her like this?

She just glares at him!

He replies "I thought so"

His hand moves over her, fingers caressing her, roaming around.  Touching,
circling her breasts, slowly, softly gliding over her nipples.

She moans, and tries to pull back, but he has her tied tightly, she cannot get
away.

He plays with her breasts and nipples, then moves his head down and licks and
sucks them, while his hands wander all over her.

She starts to respond - he knows she is fighting hard against it and he is
enjoying that greatly.

He lets his lips trail up to her shoulders, little soft kisses and nips, up
further, on her neck, then up more until his lips are poised over hers.

He looks into her eyes and sees the anger and also the fear.

He softly asks "How do you like being the slave?"

She glares at him and he chuckles!

He lowers his lips to hers, but her mouth and lips are tightly clamped shut.  He
gentle licks her lips and places soft kisses on them, but she turns away from
him.  He grabs her hair and forces her face back, hearing her moan.  He says
"You will kiss me, you know that!"

She tries to shake her head, but he is holding her hair too tightly, so she
angrily says "Never!"

He just smiles and chuckles.

His hand releases her hair and starts to wander over her body again, cupping a
breast, rubbing the nipple, then playing with it, gently squeezing it.  She
tenses, remembering!  And he is still staring into her eyes and smiling!

But this time instead of the pain she expects, his hand wanders further down,
slowly, gently touching her, caressing her skin.

Down her side, over her stomach, circling, then down her hips, down her legs,
then the fingers gently gliding up the inside of her legs.

She gasps and again tenses.

But his fingers glide down the inside or her other leg then up again, over her
stomach.

Even though she is trying to fight all of this, those fingers, the touching have
started to create the 'tingles' inside her.

Arousing her................

His hand lightly roams around, fingers gently touching her, stroking, caressing. 
Moving further down.  She moans, she can't help it!

Then a finger slides down, and gently glides over her mound, onto her inner
treasure, softly rubbing it, stroking it, slowly, arousing it.

She writhes helplessly, moaning, wanting to pull away but at the same time
wanting that touch.

She is continuously saying "Nooooooo!", but her body is already trying to push
up, to feel that touch, closer, harder.

He just plays with her, slow, soft and gentle, knowing she wants more!

His lips touch hers again, gentle kisses and she responds, but still there are
soft murmurs of "Noooooooo".

He continues to tease her more, a bit harder and faster, and she responds to his
touch, her breathing becomes faster and her body tries to arch up to his
fingers, wanting, needing!

He kisses her harder and her mouth opens and his tongue explores her mouth,
devouring her. Her eyes close and she responds to his kiss.

His fingers works faster, and she strains towards him, gasping and panting with
need.

His lips leave hers and she hears him whisper "What do you want?"

She then gasps loudly as his fingers also moves away, and he rests his hand on
her stomach.

Her eyes open in shock and she sees him grinning at her.

She is in torment, agony, and he knows it.

"Well?" he asks.

She shakes her head, and manages a pitiful murmur "Nothing!"

He laughs and this makes her very angry, she struggles again!

"Fight me as long as you can" he says "I do not want you to give in easily, I
have to get my revenge while I can!"

His hand starts to move again, up to her breast, and his lips move to the other
breast. While he rubs one nipple between his fingers he sucks the other one. 
Then he squeezes one hard and firmly bites the other at the same time.  She
moans in agony and tries to pull away.

"Just a reminder" he says as he releases her nipples.

His fingers then move down again and her body arches expectantly, even though
she tries to fight it!

He rubs her hard, slowly then faster, enjoying her response, hearing her breath
quicken.

Then he suddenly, harshly, thrusts his fingers into her making her yelp in shock
as her body automatically rises.  He moves his fingers inside her, pushing and
probing, making her body move and arch.  She is so hot and wet.

She struggles to get away, desperately, but he just plays, moving inside her,
then out again, rubbing, slow and then fast, soft and then hard.  Inside, then
out, playing, teasing, driving her wild!!!!

She is moaning and gasping, and her words of "Nooooooooooo!" have a different
meaning now!

His lips brush hers as he whispers "Beg me!"

She writhes and shakes her head, but as his lips touch hers again, she is eager
for his kiss and responds desperately, hungrily.

He continues to rub her special spot, gently, then harder and faster, and she
responds, striving, seeking, and needing...

Then he feels her first contraction, and as he continues, her heat so hot, her
muscles contract again and again...her body straining and arching up, her moans
and whimpers getting louder, her breathing ragged...until, eventually a final
massive contraction and her breathing stops...

After what seems like ages, (maybe seconds or minutes), she breaths again, deep
breaths and her body relaxes...

He slows the movement of his fingers, watching her, and sees a small smile of
contentment appear on her lips.

He then slides his fingers inside her again and starts moving them, exploring,
roaming, pushing.

Her eyes fly open in shock and again he hears another "Nooooooo"

He knows what this one means, but he is not about to give her a rest!

He chuckles as he gives her a quick kiss, then whispers "How does it feel to be
the slave?"

She tries to struggle, but he just pushes his fingers harder into her, making
her gasp and clench her teeth!

"You will beg me!" he says.  "You are helpless, you cannot use your magic unless
I remove your collar!"

She shakes her head again, but he can see the fear in her eyes.

He just smiles at her and gently kisses her.

His fingers then finds that special spot inside her and starts rubbing it,
softly to begin with, then harder and faster.  Her body is already moving with
his touch and he can hear her whimper, but she has no choice, he is in complete
control now!

He presses on it, rubbing, softly then harder, fast then slow.

He knows she is tired, but he keeps playing with this special spot, and her body
responds to his fingers.  He rubs on it, harder and faster and he feels her
first muscle contraction, she is so hot inside.  Her body is trying to reach for
more but at the same time she is trying to escape.  She is moaning and
whimpering, in pleasure and pain.  He knows he is being rough and cruel, but
that is how he feels, he is still very angry and frustrated, he wants some type
of revenge, and of course he still wants his freedom!

Continuing his touch inside her, he then licks and sucks a nipple, gently
nibbling it, knowing that it must be very tender from his earlier rough
handling.  She struggles and writhes and her body moves up to him as well as
trying to pull away.  She makes so many sounds, but so far he cannot hear any
words!

He presses harder, rubs and moves his fingers faster inside her, feeling more
contractions, her body arching, straining, her breath ragged, gasping.

He knows she is almost there, reaching her final organism and his fingers are
feeling crushed from her strong muscle contractions, but he continues and feels
that very last strong spasm, her whole body going rigid. Her breathing stopping
again, then that long sigh and her body going limp, relaxing.  She breathes
again, taking big breaths!

He slides his fingers out, slowly and just gently rubs that other special spot,
so slowly and very gently...

Again he hears a gasp and a soft "Noooooo" then an even softer whisper "Please!"

Leaving his fingers there, but not moving them, he places small kisses on her
stomach, his lips gliding up to a breast, licking the nipple and a gentle suck,
feeling her tense.  Still being very gentle he licks and sucks the other nipple
and just very softly holds it in his teeth while his fingers press a little
harder on that now so very sensitive spot.

Her body tenses, he knows she is waiting and expecting his next move!

His lips move up, kissing, licking and nibbling her neck, then he gently kisses
her lips.

He looks into her eyes, which are again wide open, shock and fear showing!

He smiles, places another gentle kiss on her lips and moves away, leaning his
head on his hand, and letting his other hand slowly move away, gently touching
her stomach, moving up and brushing both nipples, then just gliding over her
lips.

His hand moves away, no longer touching her anywhere, and he sees her relax,
slightly. 

He sees confusion in her eyes and waits for her question!

But he already knows how proud and stubborn she is!

He takes hold of her leash and gives it a gentle tug, just as a reminder!

Her eyes flash angrily and she struggles again and he chuckles as he gives her
leash a really strong pull this time, knowing it will hurt!

She yelps in pain, but continues to glare at him, gritting her teeth!

He casually drops the leash and puts his hand on her breast, holding it firmly,
as he feels her tense up, he just raises an eyebrow!

A whimper escapes her and he grins...

He starts to caress this breast, letting his fingers rub over the nipple,
feeling her try to pull away, knowing it must be very tender and sore.

He still watches her, waiting, but knowing she still wont submit.

In a way he is glad because he wants to take her, while she is helpless. His
touching of her body, teasing and tormenting her, and her response has excited
him, he desperately needs his own release and this may be his only chance!  His
revenge, for this moment anyway.

He moves closer to her, kissing her hard, pushing his tongue into her mouth, as
she tries to resist, he puts pressure on her nipple, and she opens her mouth to
him, knowing what will happen if she fights.

His hand moves down her body, firmly this time, and his fingers start rubbing
her special spot again, it is so tender and he is not being gentle now, but her
body responds even as she whimpers against his mouth.

He rubs it harder and faster, then suddenly plunges his fingers inside her,
pushing right in, viscously and cruelly. She is so sore and tender from his last
assault on her that it really hurts, she wants to scream from the pain, but his
mouth and tongue are silencing her.  All she can do is make pitiful, sobbing
noises.  She tries to get away from his forceful and torturous fingers, but he
leans over her, using his body to pin her down, and the way he has her tied and
stretched out, leaves her no room for movement!

She can see his eyes; they look so hard, cruel and angry.  She is now truly
frightened!

Gradually his fingers move more gently, softer, then slide out and just gently
rub her.  He releases her mouth and moves off her, lying on his back and taking
huge, deep breaths.

He continues to very softly rub her, but so very gently and then his fingers
stop moving and just lightly rest there.  She can hear him still breathing
deeply, but slower now, until it seems back to normal.  He then moves his hand
away and rests it on her stomach, just gently letting his fingers caress her.

She quickly glances at him, but he seems to be staring at the ceiling, gradually
she relaxes and her sobs and breathing quietens as well, but she is very
confused and still very frightened.

After a while he rolls on his side again, watching her as his hand starts to
roam around again, but gently this time.  He leans over and sucks and licks a
nipple and his hand wanders down, rubbing her gently, feeling her respond again.
He smiles and kisses her as he moves his fingers faster, bringing her to another
start, a muscle contraction, then another until she reaches that final one, then
he slows her down and moves his hand away.  She sighs in pleasure, her eyes
closed, enjoying the rest this time, but her eyes open suddenly as she feels him
moving over her.

She feels him pressing himself into her, slowly, in a bit then out, then in
further until he thrusts himself completely inside her.  Her body arches up and
he thrusts harder and faster, she moves with him, thrusting with him.

Feeling him inside her, she moans as she feels her muscles start contracting and
he groans as he feels it to.  They are both moving together, almost there, he
tries to slow things down, but she is so close.  He can't wait any longer
himself, he thrusts deeply into her, again and again and she pushes herself to
him each time and her muscles are holding him tightly inside her.  A final
thrust and she arches with him and he explodes inside her as her final
contractions grab him tightly.

They stay rigid for a few moments, as the waves of need, release and enjoyment
overwhelm them both

He slows down, then stops as he collapses on top of her.  Both of them gasping
for breath. When he can breathe again he looks at her and sees she is watching
him.  He leans down and gives her a gentle, long kiss, then slowly slides off
her.  He then unties her legs, then her arms and watches while she stretches her
cramped muscles, then he picks up the leash and gently pulls it towards him. 
She looks scared again, but he smiles and says

"Don't fight, just come here"

She moves next to him and he puts his arms around her, her head resting on his
chest. Then his hand gently holds her chin and tips her face up to his, he
kisses her and she responds to a long gentle kiss.

He picks up the leash again, and says "After we get some sleep, we are going to
have to work something out about these collars, aren't we My
Lady??????????................"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dragonette


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





