BDSM Library - Renaissance Fair




Renaissance Fair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Follow-up to Dangerous Wagers when Erin finds out Blair wrote a story about her.
Renaissance Fair 
by Blair




Renaissance Fair 1/3 (f/Humiliation)

Blair was excited to be going out with Erin. She had secretly desired the petite
red head ever since they started working together on acquisitions and due
diligence. Though this was not a "date" Blair hoped things would go well between
them. So well that she could maybe approach the attorney about........ Blair
felt herself getting excited at the thought.

Blair was a CPA for an accounting firm. She kept her secret very well. Her
secret that she was bi-sexual.....very bi-sexual. She had not been with a man
for over two years and was beginning to think she was more a true lesbian. She
had dated men in

this time but only to keep up appearances. her other secret is she loved to
write stories of submissive women or rather professional business women that get
tricked, trapped or blackmailed into losing their pride and position of respect
in the business world.

No one Blair worked with or was associated with knew of her secrets. Blair was
never threatened and the risk of being found out was nominal. She was always
very careful with her liaisons.

Erin was someone Blair desired. She was very smart and professional. Her suits
were always expensive and tailored to show off her body. More than once over
lunch Blair had to catch herself from staring at her. She was so beautiful and
elegant, her body so firm, her breasts under the sweaters or blouses looked so
perfect for her size. Blair had masturbated more than once dreaming of Erin.

Blair put her shoulder length brunette hair into a ponytail. It was a hot August
day and it would be cooler that way. She picked out a pair of tan shorts and
black tank top. She thought about a bra but thought the bra straps would look
tacky showing under the spaghetti straps on her tank top. The top showed off her
firm full 36C breasts extremely well. Erin just has to notice these she thought
running her hands over them. At 29 she kept herself in great condition and was
proud of these assets they didn't sag at all and going braless definitely showed
this.

Blair had long legs and the shorts and sandals with a two inch heel showed them
off. The shorts though not short shorts came down to cover her cheeks by three
inches. If she bent over at the waist only they would show.......hopefully
appeal to Erin.

Blair felt a lump in her throat when she saw Erin. She looked wonderful. Her
flat stomach showing with a belly shirt that hugged her perky breasts. Her denim
shorts showing off luscious legs. Blair was so happy being with Erin and glad
she had been invited to the Renaissance Fair.

It was the first time Blair had ever been to a Renaissance Fair and she was
looking forward to it. This one was out in the country well outside Cleveland.
Erin told her how much fun they were having the actors talk and dress in
medieval costumes. Laughing Erin told her they pick spectators out to
participate and take part in the festivities. "Maybe you'll get picked with how
terrific you look" she told Blair. Her heart skipped a beat. Did Erin really
think so.

They were at the fair for about an hour. Blair was having a fun time watching
the skits and looking at the exhibits when they heard a scream. They went to
investigate. "Oh Oh she is in trouble Erin laughed. A blonde woman in street
clothes had rope tied around her wrists and was being lead by a man on a horse
followed by four "soldiers." Her friends were laughing at her. She had an
apprehensive look on her face trying to force a smile. She was going to become
part of the fair.

They waited around and the woman came our still with her wrists tied but now
dressing in medieval attire. She was lead over to a pond and tied to a chair on
a big pole. "Here ye here ye this woman is accused of being a harlot. He
punishment is five dunks in the dunking chair. She screamed as the chair was
swung out over the lake and disappeared beneath the water. When she was brought
up everyone cheered especially her friends. She sputtered and caught her breath
then they dunked her again. When her "sentence" was over she was freed. She hit
her boyfriend laughing. She looked like a drowned rat. Blair noticed the woman's
hard nipples. The dress she had on had was white at the top. her breasts showed
clearly through the wet material.

Blair's heart sank when she saw Erin and the man on horseback look at each
other. There eyes met and she smiled and nodded her head. Erin was heterosexual.

It was late in the afternoon and most of the family's had left and the crowd had
changed to manly adults when the man on horseback and the soldiers came up to
Erin and Blair with a crowd of "townspeople".

Witch! Someone yelled. Blair jumped as she was grabbed by the soldiers. Her
wrists where tied together but behind her back.

"I'm not a Witch she protested. Her protest fell on deaf ears as everyone
started yelling Witch at her. She knew this was part of the fair and felt it was
just her turn to become part of the festivities. She wanted to play along and
kept protesting her innocence.

"Silence the wench" the rider commanded.

Blair's eyes popped wide open as her hair was pulled. She opened her mouth to
scream nothing came out as a thick wood dowel was shoved into her mouth. Rope on
the ends was tied tightly behind her head. She was gagged and silenced. She
became of how hot she was as her heart pounded.

She looked over at Erin who was clapping and yelling witch along with everybody
else. She was smiling from ear to ear. With only her large brown eyes Blair
implored Erin to do something. She had not seen any of the others taken treated
like this.

Erin came forward and put her hands on Blair's shoulders. "Don't worry just play
along it's just part of the fun." Blair felt better at that comment. Yes she
thought this is just fun and games. Erin didn't lift her hands off Blair's
shoulders she instead slid the spaghetti straps on the tank top off her
shoulders down to her elbows.

Blair's muffled protests were laughed at by everybody. With her arms behind her
she became aware of how her breast were being thrust out.

"Harlot! Whore!" The cries changed. In danger of having her breasts exposed
Blair pinned her arms to her sides. Erin stepped back. "A witch and a whore not
a good combination" she laughed.

With a jerk Blair stepped backward. The horse was leading her through the crowd.
She saw Erin moth the words "Have Fun."

Rather than go straight to a tent to change she was lead through the entire fair
so everyone could see her. Fortunately the rider went slow so she wouldn't
stumble. She lost her sandals after going just a short distance and was bare
foot. Blair wanted to cry. This was humiliating. Something flew at her and hit
her on the tit. She was startled and looked down it was mud. When she looked up
she saw everyone holding wet sloppy hands full of mud. The cries of witch, whore
and harlot went up again.

Blair tried to duck out of the way when the mud started to fly at her. She
failed. The mud hit her in the face and hair, her whole body was a target. She
stopped moving and just took her "punishment" biting down on the wood between
her teeth. It didn't occur to her she was still in her clothes and was not
changed into medieval attire. She kept her eyes tightly closed not wanting to
get mud in them.

Erin got several hands full from the buckets being walked around. She was
enjoyed Blair's humiliation. Enjoying it a bit too much.

Blair felt the mud all over her. Her hair was a mess and matted to her head and
face.

The scrungy holding her hair in a ponytail had disappeared when she was gagged.
As she turned her face to avoid the clumps of mud her hair swung from side to
side and stuck to her face.

Worse she felt the cotton top soaked with heavy mud trying to work it's way down
as she began to be lead by the horse. This time though they were moving faster.
Blair felt the material moving as her breasts jiggled as she fought to keep up
with the horse.

Fortunately they made the tent before Blair exposed her breasts. As the
disappeared behind the flap of the tent an awww of disappointment went up.

Still tied and gagged Blair's face was washed off. She could see again. What she
saw was Erin standing with the rider and several men and women.

She stepped forward with a pair of scissors. I owe you bitch she said as she
took the scissors and cut the tank top from Blair. Tears welled up in her eyes.
MFMFGNHGMD was all she could say as she stood topless. Several others helped the
redheaded attorney take the tan shorts off of the struggling Blair.

"They didn't have these in the middle ages" she said as she grabbed Blair's
white lace panties and tore them from her. Blair screamed as the material tore
through her puss.

Erin stepped back and looked at the crying, naked, humiliated accountant. "This
is more like it."

"You really need to be more careful dear Blair. Your secretary found a disc on
your desk a couple of weeks back. When she opened it she was surprised at the
contents. Imagine you writing a story about humiliation and bondage. She was
shocked someone so intelligent and proper could have such a gutter mind. Blair's
heart was racing as she struggled listening to Erin.

You can let her go. The two men holding Blair let go. Leave if you want. The
flap of the tent was lifted and a cheer went up from the people waiting for
Blair's punishment to continue when they saw the naked female inside. The tent
flap was quickly lowered and Blair's shoulders slumped.

"Maureen thought the victim in your little story sounded familiar. Too familiar
so she sent me the disc. I was stunned the description of the female fit me
almost to the t. You posted it on the Internet and people that knew me could
have seen it. What was it called. Oh yeah "The High Price of Wagering"

Blair was crying and apologizing. No one could understand a word she was
mumbling through her wooden dowel gag.

"This is my turn to get even except this isn't a story. This is real and one
Renaissance Fair you won't forget. I paid a nice little sum for you to be taken

and degraded. You have no idea what is planned but I will say it is a bit over
the line" Erin and everybody laughed. She leaned ever and whispered in Blair's
ear "Just remember how the story ended."

Three women came forward one was holding a burlap bag with head and arm holes
cut out. The other two both had on rubber gloves and one had a bucket. Evil
smirks were on all their faces.




Renaissance Fair 2/3 (f/Humiliation)

Blair had tears streaming down her face. This couldn't be happening. how could
Erin be so cruel. She just stood naked waiting for more humiliation. She didn't
have to wait long.

"You know personal hygiene in the middle ages left a lot to be desired." Blair
had her eyes closed and her head lowered as Erin spoke to her. "Seeing how you
are a bitch and a whore....oops...sorry, witch and harlot." Everyone laughed at
Erin's mocking of Blair's plight. "Stacy and Lauren are going to help you get
even more into character.

The two girls dipped sponges into the bucket and began roughly wiping the mud
out of her hair and off her body. The smell was terrible and with that chunk of
wood between her teeth all she could do was breath through her nose. She made a
face and scrunched her nose to try to block the smell.

"Wondering what it is?" Everyone started laughing. "Blair it is only two day old
horse piss."

Blair thought she was going to vomit. She dropped down to her knees. She was
being washed off with horse......

She was pulled back to her feet by her hair so her bath could be finished.

"There you look better no more mud. OHHHH but that smell! You stick!"

Blair knew the rank odor was coming off of her. She looked at Erin and tried to
plead....... to beg her forgiveness for the story she wrote. She tried to talk
Erin into letting her go. Nobody understood a word. Spit and drool oozed from
the corners of her mouth. The gag was very effective.

Her hands were untied so her "dress" could be put on her. She pushed Stacy and
tried to bolt. Erin grabbed at her catching her hair and pulled her viciously
back. Blair screamed around her gag fell onto her back. She rolled over to get n
her hands and knees but Erin didn't let go of her hair. Erin dragged her back to
the center of the tent.

Blair's body still wet and was now covered in straw and dirt. Two men held her
as the burlap sack was lowered over her head. Each of her arms were put through
a hole in the sides. The neck hole was a very deep V. It went down to well below
her cleavage and half way down her back. The arm holes where also cut deep into
the sides exposing the sides of Blair's breasts.

The burlap dress barely covered her breasts it would not take much movement for
them to pop out and be visible to anyone. The bottom of the bag was only 6
inches below her crotch.

Erin's wish was to have Blair degraded. Blair knew she was being successful.

The whimpering CPA's arms where crossed behind her and tied tight. The effect in
addition to having her defenseless was to thrust her firm breasts out.

Erin, feeling jealous of the brunettes large firm breast began rubbing her hands
over the thrusting mounds and squeezing. Blair's protests told her and everyone
else she was having the desired effect. The coarse material was irritating to
her tender skin. Her finally degradation i the tent was when Erin picked up the
bucket of horse piss and threw what was left on her.

Blair was nothing but a toy to Erin to get revenge for the story she wrote about
her. Blair in all her dealing with the redheaded never knew her to be vicious.
She was crying.......how could she have ever desired to be with someone like
this.

Erin untied the wooden dowel and took it out from between Blair's teeth. "Oh
thank you thank you Erin. I am so sorry please, please I am so sorry I wrote
that story please let me make it up to you please........" Blair's begging fell
on deaf ears as Erin just turned and walked over to a bale of hay to sit down
and watch.

A man and a woman came over with gourd. It was a special gourd as Blair would
soon find out. The big end was cut off and was replaced with a black rubber
bladder. A hole was bored through to the other end. The bladder was pushed
through and clamped so it would stay attached to the vegetable. The woman
pinched Blair's nose when she shut her mouth. As she gasped to breath the man
shoved the bladder and two inches of the gourd into her mouth. He kept it shoved
in as the woman picked up pump and took the tip of the gourd off. As she began
filling the bladder with air Blair felt her mouth first fill and then her cheeks
bulge out.

With pleading eyes Blair looked for help. All she saw were smiles. The inflated
bladder held the gourd in her mouth. There was no need for it to be tied to her
head.

"One more thing." A woman put a dirty white clothe hat on Blair and tied it
under her chin. The hat was filled with mud. As she tied it the mud oozed out
and ran down her face and hair.

Blair was anything but the attractive brunette she was a short time ago. She was
a barefoot, smelly, dirty, gagged witch and harlot wearing a burlap bag that
barely covered her.

"Are we ready for act two" Blair whimpered as her secretary from work, Maureen,
walked in. She held a video camera.

"Did you get act one?" Erin asking smiling.

Oh yes! Maureen was so damn perky. " Everybody will love seeing Bitchy Blair
turned into Mud Girl." Blair tried to protest but her mumbles only brought
giggles from the women and laughter from the men. They all had the same thought;
this was going to be the best Renaissance Fair yet and all because of Blair.

Blair was escorted out of the tent with soldiers on each side. The crowd had
pretty much dispersed with the amount of time they were in the tent but quickly
re-formed. The crude mocking comments made Blair keep her head down and
shoulders slumped as if that would shield her. Everyone noticed how revealing
the harlot and witches costume was.

The flashes told her lots of people were taking pictures. At least if her head
was down maybe, just maybe they wouldn't capture her face.

"Wow, you were right these people really get into role playing honey"

"I told you and you better behave" he laughed "or you might get to join her" he
told his wife.

"I just want to know how they got that whole gourd in her mouth." The wife was
commenting Blair's bulging cheeks.

The bound harlot and witch only looked at the couple with pleading eyes.

Blair was taken to a raised platform with a pillory. She started crying when she
saw the sign posted below the pillory.

My name is Blair Brecken, I am an actress that agreed to play the role of a
Witch and Harlot for the Renaissance Fair. I agreed to all the punishments
administered. I am normally a CPA with the firm of Johnson and Weber when not a
bitch and whore.

Her head was put into the pillory and it was locked down. Her arms remained
tied. With her neck locked in place one of the soldiers made the announcement of
the witches punishment. Blair fought from crying when she spotted Erin and
Maureen laughing, egging on the crowd that formed and worst of all holding the
video camera. The flashing red light told her it was recording.

"Hey the view is better over here!"

Most of the crowd moved to behind the stuck brunette. Being bent at the waist
her burlap dress rose to expose her tight shapely behind. Blair kept her legs
together to keep her sex hidden.

"Wow look at those tits!" Everybody was looking, the whistles and comments
humiliated the proud........well once proud female. Her dress so bare on top and
with her arms bound behind her exposed her round firm breasts. Blair cringed as
the camera's snapped picture after picture of her.

"This witch has been sentenced to one hour in the pillory." Blair breathe a sigh
of relief. Only an hour and then it would be over.........and 30 lashes on her
behind. Blair screamed into her gag. "That's 30 on each cheek."

Each soldier stood off to the side with a piece of leather and alternated her
public whipping. Blair danced to try to avoid the pain in her behind. her
efforts were rewarded......rewarded with laughter and shouts of harder and
harder. To her it could not get any harder. By the time they were finished Blair
was sweating profusely. The heat of the day had not subsided and the burlap
though brief was hot. Blair had become numb to it but several people close began
commenting on how foul she smelled.

When they finally finished a Stacy one of the women who helped get her into this
situation came up with a bucket. "The people of this village are kind. We have a
soothing salve for this harlot." She reached into the bucket and rubbed honey
onto Blair's red burning butt. Blair squirmed as she put her fingers into her
crack and between her legs.

She went to the front to face Blair. "This harlot has a ugly stench about her.
This will help." She rubbed honey all over Blair's face then ceremoniously
dumped what was left onto her back. The sticky fluid ran down to Blair's hanging
breasts and dripped from her nipples.

The soldiers tied rope to each ankle and pulled Blair's legs apart. To make her
more exposed but to open her for her next torment.

The effect was almost immediate after Blair was left alone on the platform.
Flies, gnats and bees began buzzing around her and landing. The itching and
crawling of what seemed like a thousand bugs drove Blair crazy. She danced in
place to no avail. They crawled on her defenseless face. She tried to blow air
out her nose to shoo the flies away but only succeeded in creating laughter her
efforts sounded like a snorting pig. The insects found her private hot sweaty
parts covered in honey. Tears ran through he mud on her face.

Blair was mentally, emotionally and physically exhausted when her hour was up.
The beautiful woman who came to the Renaissance Fair hoping for a date no longer
existed. She was now a beaten down ugly smelly humiliated harlot and witch.

Standing between two soldiers still on the platform the Town Crier asked the
crowd. "Do the townspeople feel the punishment is just for this witch and
harlot's crimes?"

A cry of "Yes" went up. Blair stood with a blank expression and looked at the
people entertained by her humiliation.

Has this woman endured enough or are her crimes so great she needs further
punishment?

"More! More! More!" Rang through the spectators. Blair dropped her head.
Everyone wanted to see her further humiliated.

She had to be helped down the stand her legs were shaky. She was taken to a
tree. Her arms untied from behind but quickly tied together in front to another
length of rope which was thrown over a branch. She moaned as she felt the rope
pulled tight. She raised up on her toes. She was suddenly distracted by a cheer
that went up. The burlap was up over her puss. As she was raised up to her toes
and the rope tied off she hung her head in defeat.

A knife was produced by one of the soldiers and slit the burlap from her body.
FLASH, FLASH.......Blair closed her eyes.......she was hanging naked and the
numerous flashes told her everyone with a camera was recording her "punishment".

Two women came forward with buckets. One pulled the cap from her head.

"Ohhh this harlot smell like a full chamber pot" Her comment illicited more
laughter and degrading comments.

With horse hair brushes they began at her dirty feet and brushed a black sticky
paste on her body. "Don't worry bitch this isn't real tar" Though it was
discussed."

They were careful to not cover her puss, behind or breasts with the paste. They
did though put it in her once immaculate hair. Next several people were selected
from the crowd. They reached into sacks full of feathers and threw them at her.

Blair cringed, she was being tarred and feathered.

When they finished she was let hanging for what seemed like an eternity. When
she was finally let down she dropped to the ground and lay trying to rest. Her
resting was only momentary as the rope tied to her hands was pulled and tied to
a horse. Two women lead her on another tour of the fair grounds.

The comments were crude and the stares burned into her as her humiliation was
complete. Covered in feathers only her tits, ass and pussy showed her skin.




Renaissance Fair 3/3 (f/humiliation)

The fair grounds were empty everybody was gone when Erin, Maureen and two men
brought the naked brunette out of the tent. Blair had been hosed off but the
mixture of honey, and black paste still gave her a filthy appearance.

Blair was unbound except for her mouth. They put a ring gag into her mouth. The
metal and rubber donut fit over her teeth and kept her mouth obscenely open. The
ring was held in place by leather straps that cupped her chin and framed her
nose running between her eyes. Blair had a dumb cross eyed look to her that of
course was captured on film.

Her shoulder length dark hair was braided into a pony tail with a long piece of
rope.

Blair went meekly along, the rope attached to her hair dragging on the ground
behind.. She had been humiliated beyond her wildest imagination. In her stories
she had fantasized about being humiliated but the reality was much worse and not
arousing at all. Her pride and reputation was ruined. Maureen and Erin had told
her they would pick the best pictures and pass them around. They had plans for
her and working at the accounting firm being an intelligent successful business
woman was not one of them.

They brought her to one of the animal exhibits. She moaned and shook her head no
when she saw it was the pig sty. They made her get on all fours and tied long
pieces of rope to her ankles and wrists. Erin and Maureen buckled a spreader bar
to her knees. The beaten female tried to resist but her energy was gone along
with her pride. With the men's help Blair's knees were spread wide opening her
sex for all to see.

Blair resisted crawling through the gate into the filthy smelly pig sty but with
one of the men pulling the rope in her hair she had no choice. They lead her
through the mud and around the pen several times. She struggled to keep up but
with the spreader bar limiting her legs she fell face first into the slop
several times. All this was captured on the video Maureen was making.

She was dragged over to a huge sow and pulled over it. The coarse skin of the
animal felt like sandpaper on her smooth skin. Bound as she was she struggled
crawling over.

"Hey the horny bitch is trying to mount the pig" Maureen commented.

"If I would have known she was into that I would have strapped a dildo on her so
she could fuck a pig not just look like one." Erin laughingly added.

Blair was brought to the gate to the pen and placed facing out of it. The rope
in her hair was pulled across the pen and tied to the rail. Her wrists were kept
in place out to the side, about a foot outside her shoulders, when the rope was
tied to posts. Her ankles were also tied off to posts though with the spreader
bar she couldn't close her knees anyway. Blair was on all fours unable to stand.
Blair was tempted to lay down face first to just rest. This possibility was
quickly eliminated as she moaned when her head was yanked back. The rope in her
hair was pulled tightly to a rail across the pen and tied off.

What used to be a successful beautiful brunette business woman was now a naked
female covered in muddy slop on her hands and knees. Her mouth obscenely open
for anything.

Erin came over and knelt in front of her.

"I bet you are so sorry for writing that disgusting story about me no. I can
just imagine your profuse apologies." She was smiling. " I looked up on the
Internet to see if you had written anything else and guess what. You are a
little prolific writer." Erin was mocking her. Through her crossed brown eyes
Blair could only look. Erin pointed out to the others the drool running down her
chin. With her mouth open and head back it was difficult to swallow and easier
to let her saliva pool and roll out of her mouth.

"It seems you have some very creative lesbian submissive fantasies Blair dear.
You were trying so hard to cover them up I think you are just confused as to
your sexuality. Maureen agreed to help me figure out just what you want or I
should say are. It is amazing how many hard cocks and wet pussies we have lined
up for you. Tonight you only have to stay here like a good girl." Blair tried to
give Erin a dirty look at her mocking her plight. It was useless.

"We will be back in the morning before the workers show up so don't worry no
people will come across you so disgusting and open for sex. Blair felt relieved
it was the only comment Erin had told her since being taken. "I know you were
worried about people seeing you like this dear sweet Blair but if I were
you.......Blair's eyes open wide........it is the animals and dogs roaming the
fair grounds I would be worried about.

Erin pulled two bells out of her pocket. They had clamps on them on snapped them
cruelly on Blair's hanging breasts. Blair fought to get free not only of her
bondage and the clamps on her nipples but to avoid............

The four walked away laughing as the bells jingled throughout the deserted
Renaissance Fair. The bells were ringing because several dogs had found the
former accountant.

The End?

Comments can be sent to blairbrek@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  blairbrek


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





