BDSM Library - Baby




Baby
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: after breakup mom remarries. stepdad introduces both to spanking and other things, then step-sons return to take baby on to further adventures.
                              BABY
                               by
                             ALLENE




                              BABY
                               by
                             ALLENE

                                                                 
I had a pretty uneventful life until I was twelve. 
    My parents had argued over money as far back as I could
remember. They blamed each other. Mom would tell him if he had
any ambition he would find a better job and he would tell her if
she had not got knocked-up so he had to drop out of high school
to marry her he could get one.
    I never felt we were bad off. We always had food and a house
to live in and none of my friends had money either since the
little town we lived in only had one industry, a little saw mill
where almost all the men worked.
    The fights usually started after Mom had got food stamps or
had shopped for our clothes at Goodwill.
    One night when he came home tired as usual she started
bitching that the only clothes she could find had to be altered
to fit us and since he was too big a failure to get her a sewing-
 machine she would have to sew them by hand. They had a big fight
then Dad said, "Alright! I'll do something about it."
    The next day he went to the sawmill and tried to organize the
men to join a union for better wages. The boss fired him on the
spot.
    That brought on another fight and he grabbed some clothes and
left. The next we heard from him was when Mom got a letter from a
lawyer with divorce papers. She was to get child support so she
signed them but he never sent any money and she had no idea where
he had gone.
    She managed to get a job at the little restaurant in town but
that was just minimum wage so we were actually worse off than
before. Dad had taken the car with him so she had to walk about a
mile to work.
    One night she was crying because the rent had left us totally
broke then said, "We can't go on like this. I know how to make
more money. Dixie gets dollar tips while I just get quarters. I
am as pretty as her she just dresses sluttier." 
    She got out her needles and thread and hemmed up her dresses
so they barely covered her butt and lowered the necklines until
all the cleavage showed and the tops of her breasts. She did have
a good figure. I knew from shopping with her that she wore a 36D
bra and had a tiny waist that was always too small for the
dresses. I was glad that we looked a lot alike. We were both
blonde and my breasts were rapidly getting nearly as big as hers.
    It worked. The next night she bragged she had made more on
tips than she had on salary. Not only that she began getting
dates with the customers. I asked her if she might marry one of
them but she said, "God no, Baby. They are as poor as your Dad. I
just go with them for fun. It makes me feel special to know they
are spending more than they can afford to take me to the nice
places in town."
    It became pretty obvious why they were spending their money
on her. I would hear them coming home late with Mom giggling and
then could hear the bedsprings squeaking in her bedroom next to
mine. I knew they were having sex since all my girl-friends had
told me what they had done. I really felt left out since Mom said
I could not date until I was sixteen since she didn't want me to
get in trouble like she had.
    Finally I told her that I knew she was sleeping with them and
asked her if she wasn't afraid she would get pregnant again. She
said, "Oh no,Baby. I have birth control pills now and when you
start dating I'll get them for you too."
    I said I am really curious about sex. I could hear you
sighing. It must really feel good."
    She grinned and said, "I am going to have to keep an eye on
you. I think you are just as horny as I was at your age. If I
hadn't married the first guy I slept with I would probably been a
real slut."
    "That reminds me, aren't you worried about what people will
think."
    "Fuck these people. They are nobodies. I am making good money
now. Soon I will save enough so we can move to the city and find
a man with a good job."
    She didn't have to. One night I heard a car come into our
driveway and saw a Cadillac there. She got out and was followed
by a tall guy in a cowboy hat and snake cowboy boots with a shiny
black shirt and black jeans.
    They came in and she said, "Baby. Meet Sam. I just came home
to change clothes. Sam is taking me to dinner in town."
    She left me to go into her bedroom to dress. He was kind of
frightening to me. He was tall and obviously muscular and looked
a lot like the bad guys in the western movies.
    I found out he was bossy too. When Mom came out in one of her
cotton dresses and asked if he liked it he said, "We are going
dancing too. Do you have something like a cocktail dress?"
    She said, "I have something I think you will like."
    While she was changing he looked at me. I felt a little
embarrassed since he seemed to be looking right through my t-
shirt and jeans. Then he said, "You are as pretty as your Mom.
Come over here so I can get a better look at you."
    I went over to him and turned slowly in front of him. He
reached out and felt my tummy saying, "Good. You have a nice flat
stomach." I blushed and then even more when he felt my butt and
said, "You have a nice firm butt. Just made for spanking. Does
your Mom spank it a lot?"
    I stammered, "No. I haven't been spanked since I was little."
    "Too bad. Girls need a lot of spanking to keep them in line."
    Right after that Mom came out in a black silk dress she had
never worn before. It had a vee neckline going almost to her
navel that made it obvious she was not wearing a bra and the silk
hugged her curves so well she almost looked like she was just
painted black.
    He looked at her and said, "That is more like it. Then led
her out the door.
    I waited up for them even though they didn't get home until
almost one AM. 
    I peeked through my bedroom door and was surprised when she
just gave him a kiss goodnight and he left.
    I went out and said, "How was your date?"
    She said, "Why are you still up? You have to go to school
tomorrow."
    "I was too curious. I have never seen a man like him before."
    "Me either Baby. He is good looking and rich. He has a big
cattle ranch up in the woods. He bought me a lobster dinner. It
cost over fifty dollars and he didn't even flinch when he got the
bill. That is more than I make all day. He is a great dancer too
and he said he was really proud that the men at the restaurant
and lounge thought I was pretty."
    "If you like him so much why didn't you sleep with him."
    "Oh no! I want to marry this guy. I am going to hold out
until I am sure he loves me. Wouldn't you like a rich daddy?"
    "I am not sure. He kind of frightens me. He patted my butt
and said you should be spanking it to keep me in line."
    "Oh don't let that bother you. Men love patting butts. That
is why I get big tips and he is right about the spanking. I just
haven't given you one in a long time because you have been good.
If you do something wrong you should expect to get spanked. He
has been a widower for about five years. His wife died in
childbirth. He is ready to get married again. He told me that he
really missed his wife who would do anything for him. If that is
what it takes I will do anything he wants too."
    "What if he decides you should get a spanking?"
    She thought about it for a minute then said, "I guess I
couldn't object if I did something wrong but I know better than
to do something wrong."
    She stopped dating other guys and he started taking her out
almost every night. He brought her some kind of present every
time either a piece of jewelry or clothes. All the clothes he
bought her were very revealing but she was just thrilled. 
    Then he really outdid himself. He told her it was a shame she
had to walk to work and loaned her his wifes car. It was a cute
little sports car and she was thrilled beyond belief. That was
the clincher and she slept with him. He stayed all night. I was
up for hours listening to her sighs and the bedsprings.
    The next morning I stayed in bed until he left then went to
her to say, "I thought you weren't going to sleep with him."
    "I know. I just got carried away. He was wonderful in bed. I
just hope I didn't make a mistake. He didn't ask me to marry
him."
    He kept dating her though then on a Sunday he came to the
house and said, "We are gong to have a picnic and go swimming at
the ranch. I bought you some bathing suits. He knew our sizes
because he he had bought her clothes and also me althugh mine
were mostly halters and tiny shorts.
    We went into our bedrooms to put them on. I had never seen
anything like my suit. It just had two tiny triangles to cover my
nipples and the bottom was real low in the front and just had a
strap going up my butt crack that bared my round cheeks
completely. I looked great in it and was glad I had got cooties
at scholl causing Mom to shave the hair off my pussy because
otherwise it would have shown around the edges. I was sure Mom
wouldn't let me wear it because the only bathing suit she bought
me was a one piece that covered everything.
    I guess I am a born exhibitionist. I had left my door ajar
and peeked out of the corners of my eyes while I posed in front
of the mirror enjoying his smile as he watched me. Then I heard
Mom say, "God I can't wear this. I am practically naked."
    He said, "Don't be ridiculous. We have complete privacy and I
have seen you naked. You will wear the suit or stay home."
    That convinced her and she came out where he had her turn in
front of him then put his hands on her buttcheeks to pull her
into him to give her a kiss and say, "You look beautiful. You
should be proud of yourself."
    By then I had opened my door and was standing at the frame
with my tummy sucked in to look as good as possible.
    She said, "Baby's suit isn't this small is it?
    "Sure and she looks great in it. See for yourself."
    She turned and saw me posing saying, "Oh it is tiny! Are you
embarrassed Baby?"
    "No not really. It covers my sexy places and I feel kind of
proud. Like a pin-up girl."
    He made us proud by saying, "You both look like pin-up girls.
You look more like sisters than mother and daughter.
    He grinned and she giggled saying, "I guess it is alright
then."
    He opened another sack and handed us a couple of tery cloth
robes for cover-up that barely covered our butts. Mom was
relieved saying, "Thanks for the robe. I was afraid someone might
see us on the way to the ranch."
    Actually I was a little disappointed. The top was down on his
car and I was kind of hoping I could be seen since I had never
felt so sexy.
    When we got in his car we both kind of gasped at the sensuous
feel of the soft leather on our butts. I loved that feel it was
almost like sitting on someones warm skin.
    When he got going I felt a warm breeze on my tummy and opened
the robe to feel it all over.
    Sam said to Mom, Don't be bashful. Baby isn't."
    She said, "Oh you." and blushed but she opened her robe too.
    We only met one car on the gravel road to the ranch. It was
an old pickup with two men in it who whooped and beat on the
sides of their doors with their hands. I felt proud We had
excited them but Mom said, "Oh God. They made me feel naked!"
    Sam said, "Yeah. It is kind of a kick. Isn't it?"
    She thought a minute then said, "Yeah I guess it is kind of
exciting."
    As far as I was concerned that was an understatement. I was
wishing we were on a freeway where gobs of men might see us.
    We stopped at the ranch house where Sam got a blanket and a
picnic basket. I was really impressed. It was a huge log home and
our whole house could sit in what he called the great room. We
explored while he changed. There was a huge TV, big wrought iron
chandeliers and a big jacuzzi tub in the bathroom upstairs with
smaller baths in the bedrooms.
    We came back downstairs just as he was coming out of the
bathroom carrying towels. He was beautiful. He had a slim
muscular body with a ridged stomach like guys I had seen on TV.
He was wearing a tiny bathing suit and I was fascinated by the
huge lump at the crotch where his penis was.
    We walked down the grssy field to a pretty little lake made
by damming a stream.It was really hot and Mom and I raced to the
lake to splash around in it and dogpaddle since neither of us had
really learned to swim.
    In a few minutes he yelled that lunch was ready. We walked
out of the lake to discover something else about our suits. The
white material had become almost transparent. You could easily
see my pink nipples and her darker ones and the wet bttoms hugged
our vaginas like a separate skin. Mom looked at me shocked then
said, "I guess it is too late to worry about it."
    She ran back to the blanket to cross her legs but I posed in
front of him with my boobs pushed out and my tummy sucked in
glorying in his fascinated stare until Mom told me to sit down.
    Lunch was great. Fried chicken, potato salad,baked beans and
a salad. He poured gasses of white wine and Mom said, "Only one
for her." but it was really good and I sneaked another glass.
    I ate my fill and started to get up to go back to the lake
just as she was pouring him a cup of coffee. She looked at me to
tell me not to go out too deep and spilled some coffee on his
hand. He yelped and dropped the cup. Mom said she was sorry and
poured some ice water on his hand to stop the burn but he said,
"Shit! That really hurt. You are a waitress. You should know
better. You deserve a good spanking."
    To my surprise she said, "I'm sorry. You can spank me if it
will make you feel better."
    "Good. Baby, take this knife and cut a switch off that willow
tree."
    I didn't feel sorry for her. My spanking had not hurt much
and it seemed right she should be hurt a little to make up for
her carelessness. 
    When I got to the tree I found the switches came in all
sizes. Some as long as buggy whips. I decided she shouldn't be
hurt too much and cut one about two feet long.
 She let out a little moan as I handed it to him  and said, "Oh
God. It will hurt! I thought you would just use your hand."
    He said, "I think you might like that. This is supposed to be
punishment. If you don't think you deserve it I'll just take you
home."
    I was afraid if he took us home he may never come back and
was about to tell her that she deserved it but she must have
perceived the threat because she said, "No. I hurt you. I should
be hurt." She didn't protest when he had her get up on her knees
then lean down to rest her chest on the blanket which pushed up
her butt. 
    He began spanking her buns now completely bare as the thong
slipped into her butt crack. I watched fascinated as little red
lines began appearing on her butt which gradually ran together to
make it red all over. It excited me! Not so much from seeing her
let out little yelps and waggle her butt as imagining how they
would feel on my butt. I also noticed that the bulge in his suit
grew until the head of his penis worked it's way out of the
waistband to reach nearly to his navel.
    Suddenly he stopped and pushed his dick back out of sight
then began caressing her buttcheeks while he said, "Have you
learned your lesson?"
    She panted, "Yes. I deserved it. Now my butt is as hot as
your hand. She turned to kiss him then said, "Take me to the
house and make love to me so I know I am forgiven."
    He grinned and said, "I have some salve we can put on your
butt and my hand. Come along."
    They began walking back to the house with his hand resting on
her red butt. My clitoris was tingling and I pulled the blanket
over me to rub it with my finger to give myself a greater orgasm
than I had ever had in the last three years I had discovered the
pleasure it could give me then went to sleep in the warm sun.
    I was awakened by her shaking me saying "Baby! Baby! Wake up!
I am engaged! Look at this ring!"
    She showed me a diamond bigger than any I had ever seen. And
said, "It belonged to his first wife but I don't care. It is
beautiful. I really impressed him by accepting punishment without
a lot of crying or struggling."
    "I was impressed too. Didn't it hurt awful?"
    "Not really because it was also exciting and I felt guilty
for hurting him. When he took me to the house to caress salve on
my butt I was more than ready to make love. He admitted that my
spanking was more like a whipping with the switch but I told him
that was better than a spanking which seems childish."     
    "You know that since he has whipped you he will no doubt do
it again someday. What do you think about that?"
    I think he is fair. I don't think he will do it unless I
deserve it. If I get one it will be my fault."
    "It kind of scares me. If he whips you he will probably
expect to whip me. I have only had little hand spankings."
    "Well yes he probably will. He told me he whipped his first
wife and even the cook."
    "Oh I am afraid I won't be as brave as you. I don't know if I
can just lie there and take it like you did."
    "I am sure you will be able to. It doesn't really hurt that
bad."
    "Where is he?"
    "He really likes me. He made love to me again then went to
sleep. I was too excited about my engagement to sleep."
    "Oh I am excited too. This place is beautiful. I will love
living here."
    "Oh me too. It will be great not to have to work in that
greasy spoon anymore and there won't be much work here. He likes
his cook so she will prepare all the meals and clean up. I'll
just be keeping the house clean. Oh I forgot. You are going to
have brothers. He has two boys fifteen and sixteen years old.
They are in prep school but will be here this summmer and
holidays. Help me clean up the picnic."
    We put the dishes in the basket and I followed her to the
house. Her butt was still a little red but it obviously didn't
bother her.
    We put the leftovers into a huge refrigerator and she began
washing the dishes. She said, "I can handle this. You can explore
the house some more."
    I saw a hall leading to another wing in the house and went
into it. That is where I saw my new brothers. The hall was full
of 8x10 pictures. There was pictures of two good looking boys on
horses but the one that really caught my attention was one with
them standing by a pretty blonde woman in bathing suits. They
both had good bodies and she was obviously not bashful. She had
her hands on their shoulders and was wearing the tiniest costume
I had ever seen. It was just two little circles covering her
nipples and held on by strings and another skinny triangle at the
bottom that just covered the slit of her pussy. She had a great
body with round breasts that needed no support and a tiny waist
that made her hips look big. She was his pin-up girl. There were
several more pictures of her posing in other tiny costumes often
bent over to show her completely bare butt.
    About that time Mom joined me. Her eyes widened as she saw
them and I said, "She is almost naked. I'l bet he will want us to
wear a tiny costume like that too. That would be embarrassing.
How could she do that? Look at the edges of the pictures. There
are other men besides Sam there."
    "Well she is beautiful and was probably proud of it. She was
probably also pleasing Sam. He probably got a kick out of showing
her off. You know how he grinned when the guys in the pick-up
yelled at us."
    "Yeah but we were more covered. It would be a lot more
embarrassing with a lot of guys and standing up so they could see
all of us."
    I was surprised by her response saying, "Yeah. That would
make it much more exciting. Wouldn't it?"
    "Oh I think I would just be embarrassed."
    "Maybe not. You were proud to show Sam what you looked like."
    I couldn't argue with that so turned to look at pictures on
the other wall. These were more normal. They must have had a
barbecue because she was dressed in lowcut jeans and a cowboy
shirt knotted below her breasts to show off her flat tummy while
she watched steaks on a barbecue. There were other pictures of
her with her arms on the shoulders of two grinning men. Raising
her arms so high had lefted her shirt to show the bottom of her
boobs making it obvious she was not wearing a bra.
    The last picture shocked both of us. Her jeans had been
pulled down to her knees and her shirt was off while she laid on
the top of a tree stump. Sam was standing beside her grinning
holding a leather strap and other men were standing around. Her
back, butt and thighs were red proving he had hit her with the
strap. What really impressed me was her boobs bulging out at the
sides and her flattened thighs indicating she was pressing her
front into the stickery stump.
    I said breathlessly, "God. She is unreal. She isn't tied or
anything. She must have been really brave."
    Mom gasped and said, "Oh God. Do you think he might spank me
in front of other people?"
    "Well he spanked you in front of me."
    "That is different. Strangers seeing it would be really
humiliating."
    She didn't say she wouldn't allow it though and went through
the door into a large rec-room with a pool-table, bar, and
another big TV with a huge leather couch in front of it. I went
over to sit on it enjoying the feel of the soft leather on my
butt and back and she joined me.
    Sam walked in and said, "Comfy? Would you like a drink?"
    Mom said, "Yes! I think I need one."
    "Really? Why?"
    "We saw your picture gallery. The one with your wife on the
stump was really scary."
    "Oh yeah. She hung that one up. She wanted everyone to know I
was her boss. She had forgotten to get the keg of beer for our
party. She felt so bad about leaving everyone dry for the hour it
took to go down and get one she volunteered to be spanked. You
can see she wasn't hit hard. There are no welts. I was real proud
of her to offer to make up for her carelessness. Everyone thought
she was really brave not to scream or anything."
    "Oh God. Would you expect me to volunteer for a spanking?"
    "Only if you agreed you deserved it. Isn't that fair?"
    "Oh I guess so but it would be horribly embarrassing.
    "Maybe. Maybe not. It really made Midge excited when the guys
cheered and applauded."
    I could understand that. It had really excited me to make the
guys in the pickup carry on the way they did. I said excitedly,
"Would you have me get naked like that too?"
    He laughed and said, "I think you would like it. I saw the
way you grinned at the guys in the pickup."
    I blushed but I couldn't deny it.
    Then he said, "You guys take it easy and look around. I have
to make some calls to set up the wedding. Do you have some
girlfiends you want to be bridesmaids."
    Mom said, "Not really. The only women I know worked in the
restaurant and they aren't really friends."
    "That's okay. Baby can be your bridesmaid. Kyle my oldest boy
will be best man."
    We went upstairs to look at two big bedrooms that were
obviously the boys because of the pin-up girls on the wall. I
grinned at the thought that now they would have a real pin-up
girl. Me."
    There was another bedroom with a big bath that Mom said would
be mine. It was wonderful. My old bedroom only had enough room
for my bed and a dresser this one was huge and big enough for a
walk-in closet and I even had my own TV.
    Sam walked in  to say the wedding was set for the first of
June, two weeks away. I ran over to hug him saying, "Oh my
bedroom is beautiful!"
    "Yeah but it is empty. Let's go to your place and get your
things."
    We went home in his van but we didn't really need that much
room. Dad had rented a furnished house so all we had was our
clothes, kitchen stuff, and a few knickknacks.
    He rejected most of our clothes saying they weren't good
enough and didn't need any of the kitchen stuff so we were able
to carry everything out to the van with a couple of trips.
    On the way back he said, "Baby is the same size as Midge. I
could never bear to throw out her clothes. If it doesn't bother
her she can have anything she wants."
    I said, "It doesn't bother me. I am sure she had nice
things."
    "Well they cost enough. I liked her to look pretty so I
didn't mind what she spent on clothes."
    When we got to the ranch he led me to the master bedroom and
opened the door to a huge walk-in closet. It was amazing! Almost
like being in a store. There were two long bars holding dresses,
blouses, skirts pants and warm fur and cloth coats with gobs of
shoes and cowboy boots in racks below the clothes. There were
also drawers I assumed held foldable things.
    He said, "If there is anything you like just lay it on the
bed to move up to your closet. Your Mom and I will get dinner
ready."
    "Oh I thought you had a cook."
    "Yeah but I just use her for special things like the picnic.
Mostly she cooks for the guys at the bunkhouse."
    He left and I dived into the clothes. I stripped off the
bathing suit and began trying everything.I was exactly her size.
Even the shoes fit although a couple of pairs of high heels with
five inch heels kind of hurt my feet and forced me to take little
steps. There wasn't anything I didn't like! I finally decided it
was silly to keep piling things on the bed and left them on the
hangers. Then I went to the cabinets. There were drawers full of
tiny panties and bras, bikinis that were just little pieces of
cloth, Gold Lame, and leather held on with elastic string. Other
drawers held nylon, silk, and fishnet stockings as well as soft
cashmere socks to wear with the boots.
    In a bottom drawer I found a vibrator like the one I had seen
in an advertisement being held against a girls cheek. My
girlfriends had laughed and said "It was never meant to be used
on a cheek." When I asked what they meant they explained girls
used them in their pussies to get them excited. I pulled back a
towel and saw a bunch of rubber penis's in all sizes. Some way
too big to go into my tiny slit. Another drawer was full of
leather straps, little whips, handcuffs, and gold chains with
toothed spring clamps at the ends. I guessed correctly that they
were meant to clamp onto nipples and tried one. I didn't leave it
on long because it hurt and seemed to get worse the longer it
stayed. Since all that stuff was in her drawers it was obvious
she was excited by pain and I understood why she had volunteered
to lie on that stump for a spanking.
    I finally decided to show them how well the clothes fit and
put on a tiny panties and bra and a light blue cashmere cocktail
dress that called for the high heels I put on then went out to
the kitchen to show them.
    I twirled to show them how the soft material hugged every
inch of my body and said, "Oh Mom. Isn't it beautiful. It feels
wonderful. All the clothes are great. Maybe some of them will fit
you."
    Mom said, "God Baby. You look all grown-up. You could
probably get into any bar in town in that outfit. Sit down and
eat then we'll try on some other things."
    I was too excited to eat I just picked at my food anxious for
her to finish so we could go back to the closet. She increased my
anxiety by insisting we clean up before going back. I helped her
wash up everything to get it over with then tugged at her to
hurry back to the bedroom. Sam grinned at my delight and followed
us.
    It turned out Mom's boobs were too big for the blouses and
too tall for the pants but could wear some of the mini-skirts. I
said, "Well anyway the underclothes will fit you. They have
elastic strings."
    Sam said, "Yeah Jan. Why don't you try on some of them while
Baby hauls clothes up to her closet."
    I grabbed an armload of clothes off the bed to take up to my
room. It took several trips. Everytime I came back for more she
was wearing a different set of undies. Then I got a big garbage
bag out of the kitchen to fill with socks and while she was in
the bedroom showing off another set I put the vibrator, rubber
penis's and whips in the bag.
    When I came back down all that was left was the underwear and
some skirts Mom wanted.
    She was wearing a top of silk gauze with a matching bottom
only a couple of inches wide. You could easily see her nipples
and the slit of her pussy. The hair was sticking out all around
it. She was facing a mirror and said, "Wow I guess my hair will
have to go if I am going to wear this."
    Sam said, "I was going to suggest that anyway. I hate getting
hair in my mouth."
    Mom just grinned but I blushed as I imagined his lips and
tongue on my slit.
    Sam said, "Lets see what you look like in the underwear
Baby."
    I looked at Mom doubtfully knowing I would be nearly naked
but she said, "It's alright Baby. You will look great in them."
    I went into the closet to change and soon I was really
enjoying his rapt attention as we came out and posed in different
outfits while he praised our beauty. He ended it by saying, "Go
up to your room and arrange your clothes Baby. This fashion show
has turned me on."
    He was already pulling off her bra before I was out of the
room. I was really jealous of her and became really excited
imagining what he would do with her. When I got to my room I dug
out the vibrator and turned it on to rub up and down my slit
feeling electric shocks as it vibrated my clit until I had a
great orgasm. I was relieved that I could have some of the
pleasure she was having but knew it was not the same as having
him kiss and lick my pussy. I got up and carefully hung up my new
clothes. 
    I still wasn't sleepy so I went to look at Mike's room again.
I was still naked so just for the fun of it I assumed the poses
of the girls in the pin-up pictures. I found if I opened the
mirrored doors of their closet I could see all of me. That made
me feel good. I looked as good as they did and wasn't jealous of
the girls with bigger boobs because they sagged while mine were
firm and stood out from my chest. I noticed another door and
opened it to discover a lot of photographic equipment, There were
still cameras, a movie camera and a camcorder on a tripod a
nother set up I guessed was an enlarger and a closet which he
must have used as a darkroom. I spotted some photo albums with
the year taken on them. I picked up the first one with a date
that would have made him about nine years old. They weren't very
interesting. They were mainly scenery pictures and peopl full
clothed but since he was interested in pin-ups I jumped forward
to a few years later. That was more like I had expected. There
were several pictures of girls in tiny bathing suits and a few
with bare breasts. I looked for an album even later but I didn't
find any.
     I peeked through their drawers and was amused by his bikini
undershorts that were almost as small as my panties and began
imagining how he would look in them. 
    I opened a bottom drawer to find men's magazines that had
obviously provided the pin-ups. I copied their poses too then got
another. It was much more obscene than the first magazine or the
pin-ups which showed the girls with their legs together and with
hair on their pussies that hid the slit. In this magazine the
girls were either lying, standing or on their hands and knees
with their legs open so much you could see their hairless slits
open so far you could see the pink parts inside. I copied their
poses between the mirrors until I imagined the photographer
looking at me which made me embarrassed.
    I went back to the magazines to leaf through them looking for
poses that were more glamerous and found one with no picture on
the cover. It was just a plain cover with the title "Pleasure
Whipping" I opened it to see it was like a comic book except
there were color photos rather than drawings with captions under
the photos. A woman dressed in skimpy underwear was hugging a man
wearing black leather jeans. She had pulled her bare tummy into
his hairy stomach. The caption said "I need you!"  He answered,
"You know what excites me." The next two photos showed her
without the bra and then without the panties. then there was a
series of her pulling on her nipples and playing with her pussy.
When I turned the page I was shocked to see her handing him a
whip with long leather tassles. The caption said, "Whip me until
I beg for your cock."  The next picture showed her stretching up
to hold on to a big iron chandelier. That pulled up her breasts
and shrunk her tummy to make her look even more beautiful. 
    Then there was a long series of either the whip hitting her
or pulled back to show the whole front of her body being reddened
then glowing from her perspiration in the bright light while the
captions just said, "Oh!" or "Ah!"
    I was fascinated! I had always assumed people were just
whipped on their back or but which would just be painful but it
didn't seem to be hurting her. She just looked excited. There was
also something else that fascinated me. The man had taken off his
pants to be naked too. I had only seen a man's penis in an
anatomy book my girlfriends and I had giggled over in the
library. In the picture his penis was just hanging down but in
the whipping pictures his penis lengthened and became stiffer at
each photo until it was standing straight up to show this was
exciting him as much as her until a caption said, "Oh please fuck
me!"
    From then on there were photos of them fucking With him on
top, Lying sideways, her on top, and finally with her on her
hands and knees while he plunged into her from the rear while he
gripped her red boobs to pull and twist them. 
    The final picture had him lying on his back while she kissed
his glistening softened cock while the caption said, "Oh. I love
you so much!"
    It excited me so much I rubbed my clitoris until I had a
great orgasm. Then  caressed the same part of my body that was
being hit on her until I had another climax. The strange thing
was that the pictures of them fucking seemed almost anti-
climatic. What really excited me was imagining myself hanging
there while the whip stung my stomach, breasts and crotch.
 By then it was late so I went to my bedroom and pulled back the
covers on my bed to discover silk sheets. It was obvious the only
way to sleep in them was naked and I finally went to sleep
sliding the top sheet on my nipples.
    The next morning I decided since I was on a ranch I would go
western and put on some pants that were so tight I had to powder
my legs to get them on. They were obviously custom made because
the front of the waist dipped down way below my belly button. It
seemed only natural to tie the blouse under my boobs to show off
my flat tummy then put on some lizard cowboy boots over the
cashmere socks.
    When I came downstairs they were at the kitchen table
drinking coffee. Sam looked at me with a shocked look on his face
and said, "Jesus! I thought for a second Midge was back." I
grinned taking that as a compliment since she was so pretty.
    Then he said, "You must be psychic. I was just telling Jan
that I would give you both a riding lesson by riding up to the
bunkhouse to introduce you to the boys. I have the horses
outside."
    Mom gave me a plate of eggs bacon and hashbrowns I ate
ravenously since I had been too excited to eat supper.
    After breakfast he tok us outside and I saw three horses but
only one with a saddle.
    He explained that the only way to learn to ride was bareback
since it would force us to get in rythmn with the horse since we
couldn't stand up in the stirrups and also it was a safety
measure since if we fell off we couldn't get hung up in the
stirrups and be drug.
    He was really strong. He lifted us up on the horses with no
effort at all. We started out just walking as he showed us how to
turn the horses by neck reining which meant just moving your hand
in the direction you wanted to go which would loosen the rein on
one side while tightening it against the horses neck on the other
side. To stop we just had to pull back on both reins.
    When we were comfortable at a fast walk he speeded up to a
trot. Our braless boobs began jumping and weaving which he
obviously enjoyed watching. I liked it too. My nipples were
rubbing on the blouse and I found a bone at the base of the
horses neck was rubbing my pussy. Both of us were gasping in
excitement when he slowed back to a walk. Then we got to a long
straight stretch and he speeded up to a gallop. That was even
better. My hips naturally moved back and forth to rub on that
bone. I think I might have had an orgasm if he hadn't slowed to a
walk again.
    Mom must have had the same reaction because she said shakily,
"God. I had no idea riding a horse could be so exciting."
    Sam said, "Yeah. Women all love riding horses. You should try
it naked sometime."
    That really appealed to me. I could imagine the horses hair
tickling my pussy as it hit the bone.
    The road got steeper so we just walked. I was disappointed
that I had slid back enough to no longer feel the bone.
    It was a long ride and I asked why the bunkhouse was so far
away from the ranch house. He said, "I like my privacy. No-one
comes to the house unless they call first."
    We finally got to the bunkhouse and Saturday was obviously a
day off since four men were sitting on the porch drinking beer
and talking.
    When we got up to them three of them got up to hold our
horses and help us off. 
    Sam said, "Boys I want you to meet my fiancee Jan and her
daughter Baby. Aren't they beautiful?"
    One of them stared at my flat tummy as he said, "They are
fan-fucking-tastic. It will be great to have good looking women
around and maybe you won't be so crabby."
    Sam grinned and said, "Yeah. Jan will be able to keep me real
mellow but that doesn't mean you can shirk the work."
    Another said, "They are real beauties alright. Where did you
find them?"
    I began to feel like some kind of fine animal Sam had bought
and it didn't change. He told us to turn around slow so they
could see all sides of us. They got real personal saying we had
great figures with nice boobs and butts. Sam emphasized the
feeling of ownership by squeezing our buttcheeks and saying,
"They are well muscled." just as he might describe a horse. Mom
and I blushed then a man kept the animal concept going by saying,
"Yeah they are pretty and seem to mind well."
    Sam grinned and said, "Yeah. They will do anything I want.
Won't you girls?"
    That made me feel like a slave. I knew Mom must have felt the
same way but she said quietly, "Yes Sam. Anything."
    "How about you, Baby?"
    I was embarrassed knowing they knew Sam was in total control
so I hung my head and blushed as I said, "Yes. anything at all."
It also excited me because I thought "Anything" may include being
whipped. I knew at that point it was just a matter of time before
he was showing us off naked and maybe even whipping us in front
of them just like he had Midge but rather than frighten me that
idea excited me. I swear if he had told me to strip I would have
done it without protest.
    I was almost disappointed when Sam said, "Well we have to be
getting on. The girls have to get to town to be fitted for their
dresses. You cheap bastards had better come up with a nice
wedding present. The wedding is June first and I want you looking
good."
    One said, "Shit Sam. You have everything in the world but we
will come up with something."
    We started riding back down the hill and again my clitoris
was being crushed and massaged by the bone. That brought on
excitement that I increased by imagining myself naked in front of
his cowboys that fantasy was followed by imagining myself lying
across the stump breathlessly awaiting a spanking.
    Mom must have been thinking about that too because she said
shyly, "I recognized a couple of your cowboys in the picture of
Midge on the stump. Would you let them see me being spanked that
way?"
    "Naw. I guess I didn't explain that well. I was not angry
with Midge. Hell I don't even drink beer. The guys were the ones
hurt so she agreed to let them spank her. I had just taken the
strap from the last guy when the picture was taken. They thought
she was great to make it up to them and I was proud of her
courage to make the offer. I have to admit I got a kick out of
seeing how excited they got."
    Mom said, "God weren't you worried that they might get so
excited they would rape her?"
    "Naw. They have Sonia for sex and she is supposed to be
great. I understand she can take on three of them at a time with
her mouth, pussy and asshole."
    That picture in my mind made my pussy drool.
    Mom said, "Oh that makes it different. I was thinking Midge
was a slut but she was just accepting punishment she had coming."
    I said excitedly, "Oh yes! She was like a martyr or a spy
accepting torture rather than tell secrets."
    I had that fantasy where I was a spy being stripped and
tortured but I couldn't imagine how that would really feel. Midge
knew and now Mom knew and it didn't seem to bother either of
them.
    Sam said, "It is interesting you would have that insight.
Midge said she liked to be hurt because it was the only way she
could prove she really loved me."
    Mom made no further comment but the little smile on her face
convinced me she would not dread accepting other punishment.
    By the time we got back to the ranch the constant excitement
had exhausted us. Mom said she was  really tired and Sam told us
to take a nap and he would wake us when dinner was ready.
    I could hardly wait to get between those silk sheets naked to
masturbate long enough to get the orgasm I had been so close to
all day.
    He yelled up to me that dinner was ready and I slipped on my
jeans and a tight cashmere sweater. I felt overdressed. Mom was
just wearing a white nighty that let us see the dark shadows of
her nipples.
    After dinner Sam showed us how to operate the satellite TV
and settled on a sexy movie. When the hero and heroine took off
their clothes to get in bed Sam kissed Mom and said, "Shall we
join them?"
    Mom kind of whimpered "Oh yes!" and they left me to go to
their bedroom. I ran upstairs to find the same movie on my TV
then played with myself while I tried to imagine how the heroine
felt until I went to sleep.
    The next morning he said we should go into town to be fitted
for our dresses and to stop by a jewelry store for a necklace and
earrings to go with the dresses. 
    He said, "I thought pink would look good on your white skin
and I trust John at the jewelry store to pick out a nice
necklace."
    Mom said, "Gee aren't I going to have any choices?"
    The question seemed to upset him. He said sharply, "What's
the matter? Don't you trust my judgement?"
    Mom seemed surprised he was angry and kissed him saying, "Of
course I do. I am just not used to be taken care of so much."
    "Get used to it. Your only job is to look good and please
me."
    She didn't answer and we got in the car to go to town. The
dresses were beautiful but Mom said, "The neckline is awfully
low. Half my boobs are showing. Can you add a button or
something?
    The sales girl said, "This is what Sam wanted. If you don't
like it you can talk to him. He is too good a customer for me to
make him mad."
    When we left I said, "God Mom. What is your problem. The
dresses are beautiful and you know he loves your boobs."
    "Yeah I suppose you are right. It just seems like I should
have some choice for my own wedding."
    "I don't think you could have found anything better. I love
my dress."
    "You are beginning to worry me. You love showing off.I think
you are just as horny as I was when I was your age. I am not
going to let you get knocked up at twelve like I was. We will be
on our honeymoon for three weeks and you will be at the ranch
with his two good looking sons and those horny cowboys. After the
jewelry store we are going to a doctor to get you birth control
pills."
    I was ecstatic but tried to hide it. Her getting me pills was
as good as saying she had no objection to my losing my virginity.
    John at the jewelry store had picked out a big ruby necklace
with matching earrings and a smaller set for me. Even Mom had to
admit nothing else would go as well with the dresses. We were
both impressed by the cost of them.
    She took me to the doctor who made a cursory exam and gave me
a prescription. As soon as we got them at the drugstore I took
one. Mom giggled saying, "Wow you must be expecting some early
action."
    I blushed and she let it drop.
    After dinner she said, "Sam. I brought the jewelry home.
Would you like me to model it for you?"
    He said, "Sure."
    She picked up her purse and went to the bedroom. I was
puzzled. The jewelry was in her purse and I wondered why she
didn't just put it on. I found out.
    She came out of the bedroom stark naked except for the
jewelry. She stood there proudly with her shoulders back to push
out her boobs and her tummy tucked in so tight the muscles in it
were trembling. I also saw her pussy was now completely hairless.
That excited me as I imagined him pulling on it to make it tight
to shave every hair like Mom had done mine.
She smiled and said, "How do you like them?"
    He said, "Who could look at jewelery when they could see that
beautiful body."
    He got up and carried her to the bedroom. I was disappointed
I didn't even get a chance to model mine. I went to my bedroom to
strip and put them on then posed in front of the mirror imagining
men were looking at me admiringly. That got me excited and I went
to bed to play with myself for hours imagining it was his hands
caressing me rather than mine.
    I slept in and when I got up there was a warm breeze blowing
in my window making me realize it would be hot. Since I had
missed the chance to get naked I decided that I would enjoy the
next best thing and put on my tinsiest bikini to go swimming.
    They thought that was a good idea and said they would be down
later.
    I laid on a blanket on the beach for awhile feeling the hot
sun and imagining I was on a public beach with gobs of good
looking boys watching me. That excited me and I was getting
sweaty so I decided to go into the water before I got carried
away and let them catch me playing with myself. 
    They came down as I was dogpaddling and I yelled at them to
come on in. I kept swimming until I got tired and let my legs
down to stand up. I had drifted quite a way out and when I put
down my feet I just sunk over my head. I panicked and began
thrashing around sputtering and yelling for help.
    Sam dived in and I was embarrassed when he only had to pull
me about ten feet to shallow water.
    He was really upset and Mom was too. She yelled, "What in
hell were you thinking about. You know you can't swim well. Why
did you get in deep water?"
    "Sam said, "You should give her a spanking."
    "No. You should. You are her Daddy now but she is too big for
a little spanking. She should be whipped like I was."
    She took a knife out of the picnic basket and said, "Baby. Go
cut a willow switch."
    I couldn't argue. I agreed I was really stupid and might have
drowned if Sam hadn't been there.
    I went to the willow tree and looked at all the switches. I
rmembered how proud he was of Mom and Midge for being brave and
decided I would show him I was even more courageous by picking a
switch worse than Mom's or Midges strap. I cut one almost as tall
as me. As I slowly walked back cutting off the leaves and twigs I
realized I had a whip Like one I had seen at the bunkhouse only
it was braided leather.
    I began to get frightened and when I handed it to Sam I was
trembling with fear.
    He said, "You picked out a hell of a switch. Do you think you
can stay still for the whipping?"
    Suddenly the fantasy of hanging from a limb awaiting torture
as a spy came back to me and I knew being tied would not let me
try to cover up or run to make me look like a coward.
    I said, "I know this will hurt bad and I think it will be
easier if I don't have to try to be still for it. Could you tie
me to the limb of that dead tree? That way I could think of
myself as a spy being tortured to help me be brave. It will be
better for you too because you will be able to hit me anywhere
you like instead of just my butt."
    Mom said, "Oh Baby. Are you sure? You have only had little
spankings on your bottom."
    "Yeah. That would make it a real whipping like the old days.
I saw a picture in the library. The man hanging from a tree limb
had red stripes on his stomach and chest."
    Sam said incredulously, "You mean you can accept being hit on
your breasts and crotch as well as your butt and thighs?" 
    I shuddered at the thought but said, "Yes. It should hurt
awful so I will never do anything so stupid again."
    "Okay but I'll let your Mom do your breasts since she can
appreciate how much that may hurt."
    That wasn't really true. Even when Dad had really been mad at
her she had only needed me to put salve on the welts on her back
and tummy. It made me feel even prouder that he was impressed and
I thought Mom would probably not hit hard.
    He tore the towels into strips he tied together to make a
rope then had me hold out my hands to tie it around my wrists.
Sam led me under the limb then threw the "Rope" over the limb and
pulled me up tight. He was so much taller than me he could reach
up to knot it to the limb although I was on my toes.
    He stepped back and looked at me awestruck saying, "God. The
stretch really makes her body look beautiful."
    I knew what he meant. I often stretched in front of the
mirror to make my waist smaller and my boobs rise. I think that
is what brought on my dream of being hung up to be whipped.
    To my surprise Mom said, "She will look even better without
the suit." and came over to take it off me.
    I was surprised she would let me be naked in front of him but
was glad because the lump in his suit grew to prove he thought I
was beautiful. His mouth dropped open and he stared at me totally
awed by my beauty.
    The soft towel didn't hurt my wrists and I could have hung
there for hours being admired but I was suddenly reminded that
this time my fantasy would not end before I was hurt when Sam
said, "How many lashes should we give her?"
    Mom said, "Not we just you. She obviously expects to be hurt
bad and I don't think I can do it. She may as well know what it
feels like to be hit all over so she won't do it again. leave
stripes from her shoulders to her thighs front and back."
    It had never occurred to me that I would be hit more than a
dozen times. I had never been spanked more than that and I knew
the skinny switch would have to hit a lot of times to turn that
much of me red. I was suddenly reminded of a pirate movie I had
seen where a man whipped on his back had bled. It really scared
me and I whimpered, "Please don't make me bleed!"
    Mom said, "Don't be silly. He won't be that mean. Of course
it will hurt. We want to make sure you never go into deep water
again. Now be brave. You are embarrassing me."
    That hurt my pride and I stopped sniffling to stare at her
defiantly and said, "Go ahead then!"
    I heard a whir from the switch going through the air then a
sharp sting below my shoulders. It hurt more than I thought it
would but I managed to take it with just a gasp. More stings went
down my back as I gritted my teeth to keep from screaming but
when he got to my butt the pain seemed to lessen. He finished
with one across the top of my thighs that made me suck in air but
I still managed not to scream.
    He began putting stripes on the front of my thighs working
slowly up. It hurt more but it was different. Now the pain was
also excitng. When the switch went across my crotch I was sorry
my thighs protected my pussy. Then there was one just at my pubic
bone just above my clit that doubled my excitement as stings
continued up my tummy to even sharper ones on my boobs. Then
there was a terriible sting on my nipples that threw me into an
orgasm stronger than  had ever reached by playing with myself.I
yelped then my body began to pulsate as shock waves ran through
my whole body. .
    I heard her say increduously, "Jesus! She is being excited by
this!"
    Sam must have wanted to confirm it because he said, "Open
your legs, Baby."
    I knew that would let him hit my pussy but by then I wanted
it to feel the sting and opened my legs a little. He just stared
at me increduously so I opened them more.
    He brought down the switch to cross both lips dagonally and
another orgasm made me shudder and encouraged him to keep hitting
it making them stronger until the monster one. That drained me so
much I let my head hang in exhaustion."
    It excited them so much they pulled off each other's suits
and began making violent love. Even though there was no way I
could have a more powerful orgasm I was jealous of her as I hung
there with my striped body drenched in perspiration as after
shocks of the monster made me shudder as I watched his huge dick
plunge into her while she made delighted squeals Then he just
dropped onto her and slowly rolled off to drag his now soft dick
out of her pussy to lie on his back breathing hard. Mom looked
crazy. Even after making love she laid there for awhile digging
at her pussy and squeezing her breasts into grotesque shapes to
continue her orgasms until she also fell back panting.
    I let them rest for a moment then moaned to remind them I was
still hanging there and my shoulder joints were getting sore.
    Sam got up still naked to untie me from the limb. I brought
my still tied wrists over his head to hug him and say, "Thank you
for letting me down." while I enjoyed the feel of his chest hairs
rubbing on my tender nipples. Then I felt his dick begin to
harden to push against my tummy. He looked embarrassed and pulled
up my arms to untie my wrists holding me away from him.
    He turned to Mom and said, "I feel perverse to have her
excite me so much. She is just a little kid."
    That hurt my feelings. I felt totally adult after that
experience and Mom made me feel better by saying, "You shouldn't.
She has the body of an adult but don't get the idea I may let you
have sex with her."
    He said, "Naw. I wouldn't do that." but that didn't stop him
from staring at me while his dick grew until he suddenly turned
and put his bathing suit on.
    He said, "Come up to the house. I have some salve to stop the
stinging."
    I wasn't sure I wanted it to stop. I was so sensitive I could
feel the warm breeze caressing me.
    They started walking toward the house and I followed without
even thinking about putting my suit back on. They followed and
Sam said, "I have some salve that will stop the stinging right
away."
    When we got to the house he got the salve then they had me
lie on my stomach on the dining room table. He filled his palm
then gave it to Mom. They began caressing the welts on my back
with it. He was right. The stinging went away and their caresses
felt wonderful. Then Mom told me to turn over and she put it on
my thighs while he caressed my boobs it was not just soothing
anymore it became very exciting especially when he concentrated
on my nipples while Mom rubbed my pussy. My body began to tremble
in excitement. 
    It must have excited them too because he suddenly stopped
massaging my boobs to say, "Go take a cool shower. That will stop
any other stings." and led Mom to their bedroom.
    I took the cool shower even though I didn't sting anymore
just for the excuse to caress my body with soap. Naturally that
brought my excitement to a peak and I began playing with my pussy
with my right hand while squeezing my boobs with the left until I
got a great orgasm.
    I went to my bedroom to look at myself in the full length
triple mirror. There were just faint red lines that were fading
fast. I began to think I had exaggerated the pain. As I
remembered hanging there feeling the stings I became excited and
fell on my bed to masturbate again. That put me to sleep.
    I woke up thirsty and slipped on my nightie to go downstairs
for some pop. They were drinking and watching television.
    Mom said, "Come over here Baby so I can see if you are
alright."
    She turned me to face away from them then pulled up my
nightie to look at my butt.
    "She said, "Look Sam. You didn't hurt her bad. The lines are
gone and her butt is just a healthy pink."
    I was relieved to know Sam wasn't cruel when he said, "Good.
I was afraid she may be bruised. It would be a shame to mar that
beautiful body."
    I turned and said, "My front is good too. See?"
    I pulled up my nighty to my neck to show them my boobs loving
the hungry look on Sam's face but Mom stopped it by grinning at
me and saying, "Enough showing off. Go do whatever you came down
here for."
    That reminded me of my thirst and I got a coke and went back
to sit by Sam hoping he might caress me but he was absorbed in
the movie they were watching. 
    A man was holding a girl by her shoulders and yelled, "Why
did you do that? You knew better!"
    She whimpered, "I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you."
    He let go of her shoulders and she stepped back to take off
her clothes. When she was naked she stood there a moment allowing
him to look at her pretty body. I thought they would make love
but then she turned and began walking away. The camera followed
her to a wall where she picked a leather strap off a hook. I
realized then she was going to be punished and I knew just how
she felt because it was like me getting my switch with a
combination of fright and excitement.
    I knew the courage that took and I guess I wanted to remind
them of my bravery as I said, "Oh she is brave. She must know the
strap will hurt."
    It worked. Sam grinned and said, "No more than you Baby. You
knew the switch would hurt."
    She came over to the man to kneel in front of him to hand him
the strap and when he took it she leaned forward to hold on to
his ankles. He brought the strap down her buttcheek to make it
quiver and turn red as she squealed then hit the other cheek. My
butt tingled in empathy as it went on but then her squeals
stopped to be replaced by moans and heavy breathing. then she let
her chest down and began rubbing her nipples on the rug.
    I said totally awestruck, "Oh my God. This is exciting her!"
    Sam grinned and said, "Yes it can be very exciting. Can't it
Baby?"
    I blushed feeling perverse since I knew my girlfriends had
whined about little spankings."
    Mom noticed my blush and made me feel better by saying, "It
hurts at first but it can become very exciting but you have a
higher tolerance for pain than I do. I don't know if a switching
like yours would excite me."
    Sam said, "But if I wanted to switch you. You wouldn't
object. Would you?"
    Mom thought a moment then said, "I think I would need an
excuse. Either feeling guilty about something or being so
grateful to you I would want to prove how much I love you. It
really frightens me so it would have to be special."
    I realized that I shouldn't feel bad about being excited by
the switching. Now I was sure it was just something in our genes
and the boy's magazines proved a lot of girls enjoyed it.
    The girl in the movie confirmed her excitement by pumping her
hips to meet the strap while dragging her nipples on the rug.
Then the man hit right down the center to let the strap slide
through her hips to hit her pussy. She raised her head to squeal
and I thought that would stop her excitement as the switch
hitting my boobs had stopped mine but to my surprise she lowered
her upper body to mash her boobs into the rug and opened her
legs.He hit her pussy twice more making the lips squirm and turn
red then he stopped!
    She got back up on her knees and unbuckled his belt and
unzipped his fly to let his hard dick flip out of his pants. She
took it in her mouth! She sucked on it as she pulled his pants
down his legs while he pulled off his t-shirt then looked up at
him panting. He pushed her down on her back and laid on her as
she brought her legs open and up.
    Sam said," That does it for me and picked up Mom to carry her
into the bedroom."
    I hardly noticed as I watched his huge dick forcing open the
girl's pussy. Since I was alone I jerked off my nighty and began
digging at my pussy as I watched them making love in different
positions until I had a fantastic orgasm that so exhausted me I
could barely make it to my room to collapse on my bed.
    When I woke up I began thinking about the movie and
remembered Mom admitting spanking could be exciting. I put on a
t-shirt and some shorts to go down to talk to her about it.
    She was sitting at the kitchen table drinking coffee. She
said, "Good morning. Sam went to town to pick up some tables and
chairs for the reception and order the cake. We won't have to do
a thing! He is having a caterer provide the food."
    I was barely interested I said excitedly, "You missed the end
of the movie. He made love to her in all kinds of positions."
    She grinned and said, "It couldn't have been as exciting as
the spanking."
    That's what I wanted to talk to you about. I really hated it
when you or Dad spanked me. I don't understand why it should
excite me now."
    "Well it is kind of hard to explain. Your Dad was real mean
and used to hit really hard for things that really didn't deserve
so much pain. But spankings when you have done something wrong
are easier to accept and it helps to know they will excite your
man to make up for it by making love to you. I hated spankings by
your Dad as bad as you did because he was so violent, just
pushing us over a chair to hit hard on our panties then leaving
while we cried. Easier ones while naked are completely different
and exciting."
    "I guess I understand. Getting naked to be punished is
exciting because the man is so obviously excited to see you. I
can understand little stings would be exciting but I got excited
with really bad stings."
    "Yes I know. Maybe you romanticised it. Have you ever had a
fantasy about a lover whipping you?"
    "No but I have had fantasies and even dreams about being
captured as a spy or by Indians and wanted to prove I was as
courageous as famous martyrs like Joan of Ark."
    "That explains it. To maintain your courage you have managed
to turn the pain into excitement. I am not that courageous but
proving you love someone enough to be submissive gives you a
feeling of power because it makes them so excited. Not only that
Sam and I know that most women would fight it to make me almost
irreplaceable."
    "Oh yes. I understand. A man would know you loved him very
much to be willing to prove your love but if it is so exciting I
wonder if it would matter if you loved him or not?"
    "Oh yes. Your father would beat me with his belt and I hated
him for it."
    I suddenly remembered cringing in my bed when I was little
hearing her screams and the slap of his belt then the next day
helping her by putting salve on terrible bruises on her back
where she could not reach them.
    "Oh yes. I must have wiped the memory of your screams from my
mind but I remember now. You hated him and that would make the
pain worse."
    "Yes. I love Sam and respect him. I want to be his slave."
    I changed the subject to something else I was curious about.
    "The woman in the movie licked and sucked on the man's dick.
Does that taste bad and is it exciting?"
    "It doesn't taste any more than sucking your thumb and it is
only exciting because it makes the man excited to make love to
you."
    "Oh yes. That would give you a feeling of power too."
    "Exactly because you are totally in control to tease him or
bring him to full satisfaction."
    "Oh yes. In the movie after making love he was totally soft
but she was able to get him hard again by sucking him even though
he said he wanted to rest. What does it feel like to have a man
put his thing in you. That man was so big his dick must have gone
almost to her stomach, Does that hurt?"
    She laughed and said, "No. Nature has made sure you can make
room for it. The stretching feeling just adds to your pleasure. I
don't think I could enjoy a little dick like your father's
anymore."
    "Oh that sounds so exciting. I can hardly wait to do it!"
    "You must have inherited my genes but that worries me. You
can't just fuck anyone. That will make you a slut that no-one
will respect. Promise you will wait until you are sure you love
someone."
    I remembered the girls in school calling some other girls
sluts with utter disgust and promised although wondering if I
could wait that long.
    We kept pretty busy with the wedding for the rest of the week
but I did get another riding lesson and was told I could now ride
alone as long as I didn't go up in the woods in steep terrain. 
    The wedding was pretty small although first class all the
way. Mom hadn't invited anyone since she no longer wanted to
associate with her old friends and her folks had disowned her
when she got pregnant with me. The guests were just the cowboys,
Sonia the cook who turned out to be very pretty dressed in a silk
cocktail dress that showed off her slim figure. She waited on the
cowboys who were constantly fondling her making her giggle. There
were three other couples. The wives jumped to get food or drinks
for their husbands and I realized that all the men expected women
to cater to their every whim. 
    The ones that caught my attention and who I stayed close to
were Sam's sons. They were even better looking than their
pictures and were real friendly. I blushed when Mike said I was
beautiful and Kyle said I would make a great plaything.
    The wedding went on real late after Mom and Sam left for
their honeymoon. The last thing she said was for me to be good
and to stay out of deep water. Sam said, "We don't want you to
get hurt. You mind the boys. They will keep you out of trouble."
Mom said, "Yes. You do whatever they tell you to do." Mike made
me blush by saying, "Hey. I like that idea."  Sam said, "You know
what I mean. Don't let her get hurt by a bull or anythng."
    We all followed them to their car and waved goodbye.
    As they went out of sight Mike hugged my waist and said, "Are
you really going to do what we tell you?" I said, "Yes. You heard
Mom."  Kyle said, "Good. I have some ideas." I blushed again
letting them know none of us were thinking about dangers.
    I was disappointed when they left me to join the party.
Everyone was drinking but Mom had said I couldn't have any and I
finally got bored and went to bed.
    I got up early but when I knocked on Mike and Kyles door to
see if they wanted breakfast they just snarled to leave them
alone.  
    I ate some cold cereal then went outside. It was a beautiful
day so I decided to go riding. My horse was in the corral so I
put on it's bridle and used a hay bale to use as a step to get on
it's back. I was wearing shorts this time and the tickle of the
hair on my thighs added to the bone rubbing on my pussy as I rode
around the lake and into the woods. Soon the house disappeared in
the trees and it seemed very private so I got off to take off my
shorts and t-shirt to see what the hair would feel like on my
bare pussy and the breeze on my breasts. I rolled the shorts in
my t-shirt then tied the shirt to the leather band going behind
the horses ears. I couldn't jump high enough to get on the horse
so I led it around looking for something to stand on and finally
found a tree stump. 
    That reminded me of the picture of Midge so out of curiosity
I laid across it with my legs straddling a broken limb and my
breasts pressed into the stickery top. That was wild! It was like
a million little needles were pushing on my boobs, stomach and
pussy. I made a little lunge as if hit by a strap which increased
the feeling a lot more but I was afraid it may make me bleed so I
got up to see just that little bit had left my front red.
    I used the stump to get back on the horse and when I started
moving the little hairs began tickling my pussy. It felt great so
I used the fingers of my right hand to hold my slit lips open to
feel them on the more tender inner lips then slid forward so the
hairs on the bone could stick and tickle my clit. I kept riding
until I had an orgasm then another and another until I was
panting and became so sensitive it really began to hurt and I
stopped the horse to slide off and lie on my back in the soft
grass to caress myself until I calmed down and went to sleep.
    When I woke up my horse had wandered about a hundred feet
from me and was nibbling grass. I cursed myself for not tying it
but thankfully I had no trouble catching it to lead it around to
find a fallen log to climb onto. I decided I didn't need any more
stimulation so I put my t-shirt and shorts back on and climbed
back on it. Naturally I hadn't paid any attention to where the
horse had taken me and suddenly realized I was lost. I rode
around aimlessly as panic arose hoping to see something I
recognized but everything looked the same and I could only see
about a hundred feet because of the brush and trees. Time went by
and my panic grew until I remembered an old cowboy movie where
the cowboy was shot and he had got on his horse and said,"Take me
home,Boy." 
    I knew it was just a movie but he couldn't do worse than me
so I just laid the reins on it's neck and said, "Take me home."
    At first it just kept going in the same direction but then it
must have known I wasn't trying to guide it because it made a
right turn and began walking faster. I must have rode into the
woods a long ways because almost a half-hour went by before I
spotted the lake and then the house through the trees. I picked
up the reins and began trotting and then galloping back to the
house in great relief.
    When I got back to the barn Mike and Kyle were saddling
horses. Kyle saw me first and said angrily, "Where in hell have
you been. We were just going to search for you. You have been
gone for hours."
    "I just went for a ride. It is such a nice day and the woods
are beautiful."
    Mike said, "Didn't Dad tell you not to ride out in the
woods?"
    "Oh he meant up in the hills where I could fall off a cliff.
I just went in the flat part north of the lake."
    Kyle said doubtfully, "I don't think so. It is real easy to
get lost in the forest. Did he tell you that if you got lost to
just let the horse bring you home? They always know where their
barn and oats are."
    "He didn't tell me but I remembered seeing a cowboy movie
where the horse brought a wounded cowboy home."
    Mike said triumpantly, "So you did get lost!"
    "Well maybe a little, but I wasn't worried."
    That was a lie but it seemed to satisfy them. They started
taking their gear off the horses and Kyle said, "Your horse is
sweaty. Rub it down with the towels in the barn and give it a can
of oats."
    I got the towels and began rubbing the sweat off it then
noticed they were watching me avidly as my breasts moved under my
t-shirt. I enjoyed the attention and rubbed harder and stretched
up to wipe the horses back so they could see my flat tummy and
belly-button when the shirt slid up sticking to my sweaty skin. I
looked down and realized my sweat had caused my t-shirt to mold
mu boobs and show the bumps of my nipples.I rubbed and stretched
more until Mike said, "That's enough. You look pretty sweaty too.
Why don't you go on to the house to take a shower. We'll put the
horses back in the pasture."
    Kyle said, "Yeah. After your shower put on a swim-suit. After
we get something to eat we'll give you some swimming lessons. Dad
said you can't swim for shit."
    I ran up to the house to shower and then put on one of my
thong bathing suits. I put on the short robe and posed in it
realizing I could tease them by lifting my arms to let them see
my bare butt or turn to let the front open.
    When I came downstair they were at the kitchen table in robes
drinking tomato juice out of a big pitcher. I said, "Oh I am
thirsty. That tomato juice looks good. Can I have some?"
    "It isn't just tomato juice. We are a little hungover after
last night. The guests didn't leave until the beer keg was empty.
This is "Bloody Mary's." It may be a little strong for you but
you are welcome to try it."
    I poured a glass and it was strong. I choked a little on the
first sip but it tasted good and made a nice warm feeling in my
tummy. I sipped on it as I took out some hamburger patties to fry
them on the gas grille. I leaned over further than I needed to
get out lettuce and tomatoes knowing that bared my butt and loved
it when Kyle exclaimed, "That is one beautiful ass!" and Mike
said, "Yeah and the legs and boobs are great too."
    I said, "Oh you guys are embarassing me." but They knew I
wasn't offended. Then I pretended to look for potato chips
although I knew exactly where they were to give me a chance to
bend and stretch to get even more compliments. I kept drinking my
drink until I felt a little giddy.
    Finally the burgers were done and I turned to face them after
pulling the robe open to be held that way by the sides of my
boobs. Kyle whistled and said, "Oh that is a beautiful bod. Look
at that flat tummy."
    Mike said, "Yeah but that robe is hiding too much. Take it
off."
    I giggled and said, "Well Mom said I should do what you told
me." and slid it off enjoying even more compliments when Mike
told me to turn around real slow so they could see all of me.
    Kyle said, "Lets eat. I am anxious to go swimming to see what
that suit looks like wet."
    We wolfed down the food then I ran to the lake with them
following to watch my bare cheeks. I jumped in to dogpaddle
around in the shallow water then stood up to walk back to them to
join them on the blanket where they had poured more drinks. As I
sipped on mine Kyle said, "That is a great suit. It is damn near
transparent."
    I said, "Oh. Do you think it makes me look slutty?"
    "Hell no! You look beautiful in it!" I had only said that
hoping for another compliment and grinned when I got it but then
they didn't say anymore and didn't act as if they were going to
do anything with me. 
    I said, Aren't you going to give me my swimming lesson?
    Mike said, "Sure. Come on Kyle. Lets get in the water."
    When we were about waist deep Mike said. "Your big problem is
that you don't know how to stroke and kick. We'll hold you up so
You can learn how to stroke. Kyle, You get between her legs to
hold up her bottom. I'll hold up her front."
    I laid out on the water and Kyle held me by my thighs. while
Mike put his hands by my head to hold up my shoulders. They
showed me how to kick and stoke by kyle lifting my thighs. As I
moved my arms Mike said I had better get a better grip and moved
his hands down to cover my boobs. I kicked and stroked for awhile
enjoying the feel of their hands on my thighs so close to my
pussy and on my boobs. Then Mike slid up my top so my bare
nipples were resting in his palms. That felt even better so I
didn't protest which encouraged Kyle to undo the bows at the side
of my suit to let the bottom fall off. He let me hold up my legs
by kicking then moved to my side to slide his hands between my
legs to cup my pussy in his palm. That really felt good and I
kicked and rolled to make their hands slide on my pussy and
nipples until I was panting in excitement.
    Mike said, "You love this. Don't you?"
    I moaned, "It feels wonderful!"
    "Well I know something better. Have you ever made love?"
    "No but I saw it in a movie. It looked really exciting."
    "You'll love it. Let's go back to the blanket."
    I walked between them with Kyle still fondling my pussy and
then they had me lie on my back. I was so wet Mikes dick slid
into me easily and I squirmed and pumped to get it in me as deep
as possible and let my clit rub on it. It fel wonderful but just
as I was almost to climax Mike grunted and pulled out. I felt
really frustrated but then Kyle got on me and was able to give me
a glorius orgasm but I wanted even more.
    Mike grinned at me and said,"Did you like that, Baby?"
    "Oh yes it was fantastic even better than I dreamed. Could we
do it again?"
    To my surprse he was not as eager as I was saying. "Maybe
later.Let's just rest awhile. Then maybe we'll think of something
you can do to really excite us."
    I laid between them as they idly caressed me but rather than
get excited by it they began breathing deeper as if about to fall
asleep. I touched their penis's and confirmed their lack of
interest when I found they were soft.
    I began thinking of ways I might excite them. I considered
dancing but there was no music and then thought I might lick
their dicks but that seemed too slutty. Then I noticed Mike had
brought a camera with him.
    I picked it up then said, "I saw your pin-up girls. Do you
think I am pretty enough to be a pin-up?"
    Mike said, "Sure. Would you like to model for me?"
    "I guess so if you think you would be proud enough of them to
hang them in your room."
    "You bet! Let's get started."
    He had me pose in several positions but I was disappointed to
see he was so engrossed in getting the perfect picture he stayed
soft although Kyle's penis got bigger. 
    Then I assumed a pose without his direction. I opened my legs
then stretched up my arms as high as I could while I sucked in my
tummy.
    They loved that and both said I looked beautiful. I said, "I
would look even better if I was hanging from something."
    Mike said, "Yeah and I know just what you should be hanging
from. Kyle. go to the barn and bring back that soft nylon rope."
    I said,"Oh you aren't going to tie me are you? That would
make me helpless so you could do anything to me." Actually that
was just what I wanted.
    Mike said, "Yeah. It will make you look great! You want to
look good don't you?"
    "Yeah I guess so. I am sure that will make my waist really
small."
    Kyle had run as fast as he could and was back by the time
Mike had led me to the tree.
    Mike had me hold out my wrists to make several wraps around
them explaining that would keep the rope from hurting me but by
then I was so excited I didn't care.
    Mike threw the rope over the limb and Kyle pulled on it until
just my toes were touching the ground.
    They looked at me awestruck then felt my body to comment on
how firm I was as I watched their dick's lengthen. He took
pictures of all four sides of me then said, "Thats enough."
    They were both hard and I was afraid they would just let me
down and fuck me although I wanted even more excitement.
    Then I saw the willow tree and wondered if they would be
excited even more by whipping me. I knew it would excite me to be
switched by these beautiful boys.
    I decided to see if they would be interested. 
    I said, "I feel a little guilty. I lied to you guys. I did
get really lost in the woods and was really getting scared before
I remembered the horse would bring me back. Mom would have
probably given me a switching for worrying her."
    Mike was real interested. He said, "What would she do. Spank
that cute butt until it is all red?"
    "Well no. Last time I had to get naked and Sam and her
switched my whole back and front."
    Kyle said excitedly, "Wow! Even your boobs?"
    "Yeah. That really stung!"
    Mike said, We don't want you to feel guilty. How about
letting us switch you?"
    Now I was really excited and said, "I guess it would be
alright. Mom said I should do anything you want."
    Kyle yipped in glee then ran over to the willow tree to rip
off a couple of switches. I was really relieved to see he had got
little ones only about two feet long. He gave one to Mike and
they stripped off the leaves and twigs as they stared at me
trembling in excitement swinging gently at the end of the rope.
    They came closer to me and Mike said, "Are you ready for
this?"
    "Yes. I deserve it. I will try to be brave so you can be
proud of me."
    Kyle said excitedly, "Yeah and if you are real brave we can
reward you with new ways of having sex."
    That added to my excitement and I said, "I'll be real brave.
You can make me red all over!"
    Mike was obviously the boss as Kyle asked, "How many times
should we hit her?"
    Mike answered, "I don't know. Whatever it takes to get her
red from her shoulders to her thighs like she said. Get on the
other side of her and we will forehand and backhand her so we can
both get shots at her back and front."
    I braced myself then Kyle hit the back of my thighs about
halfway down at the back then Mike hit the front. Surprisingly it
didn't hurt bad at all. It stung but not terribly and I found
being stretched and helpless as the stings began crawling up my
body just excited me.  I did keep my thighs together sure that
the switch hitting my pussy would be too much that soon but my
excitement just rose as the stings crawled up my tummy and back
to make me tremble in excitement and make little gasps. Then I
realized the next would hit my breasts and I clenched my teeth
remembering how much that had hurt when Sam did it but amazingly
it just stung a little more and when one came across my nipples
to really sting I went into orgasm.
    They hit my boobs over and over as I moaned and panted as new
orgasms hit. Then Mike stopped and said," You only have one place
still white."
    I knew what he was talking about and was sure it would hurt
but I was so excited I just moaned, "Yes. Make it red too." and
opened my legs. 
    They began bringing the switches down diagonally to cross the
lips and it was just more exciting. I began pumping my hips to
meet the switch as Kyle said in pure awe, "Jesus! She is getting
off on this."
    I don't know how many times they hit me but I know I was
still ready for more when they quit.
    Then Mike said, "She deserves a special reward."
    He got on his knees and began licking my pussy! I could never
have imagined how good that would feel and it got better as his
tongue fluttered on my clit that was so sensitive. 
    Kyle began rubbing suntan oil on my anus and then stuck in
his finger to rub in a circular motion stretching the hole. That
felt wonderful too but I wasn't ready when his dick began pushing
against my rectum. I finally relaxed and it slid in which also
felt wonderful. Then Mike stood up to push his dick into my
pussy. Now my insides felt stuffed as they were both deep into me
and my orgasms began making me squeal until they came and pulled
out.
    Mike untied me as Kyle held me up then they let me slip down.
I slid down Mikes body until his dick was at my chin and it
seemed perfectly natural to let it slip into my mouth. It
hardened again and I looked up into his face enjoying his look of
excitement then he made a face and his dick began jumping in my
mouth and some liquid almost like phlegm shot out. It didn't
taste bad so I swallowed it then licked his dick until he stepped
back saying. "God you have drained me. Lets go up to the house. I
think I need a drink."
    We all had one then I noticed I was still sweaty and my
crotch felt slimy so I said, "I think I'll take a shower."
    Kyle said. "Great idea. We all need one."
    They led me into the huge shower with four heads in Sam's
room. We began washing each other then I began sliding their
dicks through my palms fascinated by the way they were growing.
    Kyle said, "I am clean enough." and so did Mike so we stepped
out to dry each other with nice soft towels. That really felt
nice since they concentrated on moving my breasts and pussy to
dry every drop. We stepped out of the bathroom and I looked
longingly at the bed assuming since they were both hard they may
want to make love again but Kyle went on into the living room and
Mike followed.
    Kyle suddenly sat down on the floor then laid back to say,
"It is my turn for a blow-job. Come on over here and start
sucking the "Big Fella" Baby."
    I didn't want to do it. I had only sucked Mike because I was
so grateful for the wonderful orgasms. It had done nothing for me
and it seemed slutty to just walk over and suck him for no
reason.
    As I hesitated Mike said, "Good idea. She needs the practice.
She isn't that great at it."
    It occurred to me that if I was being punished I wouldn't
have to feel slutty. I turned to Mike and said, "Maybe I would
try harder if you spanked me with Sam's strap until I made Kyle
climax."
    They thought that was a great idea and Mike got the strap
while Kyle told me to get on my hands and knees to put his dick
in my mouth. By the time Mike got back I had let my breasts down
to let my nipples slide on the nap of the rug which was at least
giving me pleasure as well as Kyle. Mike came back and said,"Use
your tongue to rub on it and get it all in your mouth."
    That was ridiculous. Just half of it was hitting the back of
my throat to make me gag so I ignored him. Then I felt a terrible
sting on my butt-cheek that made me scream and lurch forward to
push Kyle's dick deep into my throat. I pulled back quickly to
breathe but Kyle said, "Great! Hit her again. She got it down her
throat!" 
    He did and it hurt just as bad and also made me get his dick
in my throat but then The pain was too much and I decided that I
would so whatever it took to get him off fast. I began licking
and sucking frantically and pushing his dick into my throat as
much as I could and still breathe but then I guess my butt got
numb because it wasn't hurting so bad. I decided I could get
thrills out of this if I let my pussy down to rub on the rug but
when I spread my legs to lower my pussy the strap came down on
it. It really stung but it was also exciting and seemed to hurt
less and excite me more as it went on until Mike suddenly stopped
to drop down to slide his dick into my pussy from the rear. It
felt wonderful especially since he used his fingers on my clit.
His lunges buried my nose in Kyles crotch hair which inspired him
to grab my nipples in his hands to pull and push me. That was
fantastic and I had at least three orgasms before they came.
    When Mike pulled out of me I rolled over wiping some of Kyles
semen from my mouth with the back of my hand. I laid there
panting as little aftershocks pulsed through my body.
    To my disappointment they got up to put on their jeans and T-
shirts. I said dejectedly, "Oh. Is it all over? I'll put on my
clothes."
    Mike said, "No! I want you to stay naked. With our clothes on
you will feel more naked and we can think of you as our little
slave girl."
    I did feel especially naked but I didn't care since there was
hope they may get interested again.
    Kyle made me a drink of mostly vodka with a little orange
juice then patted the cushions between them on the couch for me
to sit down.
    They began fondling my boobs and Mike said, "It is great to
have a little slave girl isn't it Kyle? How do you feel about
that Baby?"  
    That made me innocent and not slutty at all!  I said
sheepishly, "Oh I guess I am your slave. I let you do anything
you wanted."
    Kyle said, "Even more! We would not have had the nerve to
switch you if you hadn't volunteered. We would never have guessed
it would excite you."
    That made me seem perverted and I quickly said, "I didn't
volunteer because I thought it may excite me. Sam's switching
hurt terribly. I just felt guilty."
    "Yeah but you did get excited."
    "Not at first but you weren't hitting hard and as it went on
it just got exciting."
    "Yeah, especially when we hit the sexy parts. Your boobs and
pussy."
    Mike said, "I think you must have thought about this while
playing with yourself. A lot of girls do."
    Really? A lot of girls do it? I never talked to other girls
about it. I guess I was ashamed."
    "You don't have to be ashamed. Everybody does it. We sure do
don't we Kyle?"
    "Hell yes! Ever since we were little. We have fantasies to
get us hard. What do you think about?"
    I blushed and said, "Oh I couldn't tell you. You would think
I was silly and weird."
    Kyle said, "No we won't. I'll get us another drink and tell
you one of mine.
    I sipped the strong drink while he told a long elaborate
story about how he would find a beautiful girl with her car broke
down on a desolate road giving a complete description of her
beauty and the sexy clothes she was wearing. The girl was
desperate and would tell him if he helped her she would do
anything for him. He would fix her car then she would slowly
strip off her clothes to show a fabulous body then would come to
him to take off his clothes to hug and kiss him then make love to
him. I agreed a girl may be that grateful since she would be
afraid being stranded like that.
    Mike got me another drink and said he would tell his favorite
fantasy.
    It also involved a beautiful girl but it was more cruel. He
would find a girl lost in the woods and when she desperately
begged him to show her the way out he only agreed if she would
slowly take off her clothes one by one and make love to him.
Unlike Kyle the girl would be wearing a lot of clothes and would
whimper as she removed them then followed his directions to lie
on the ground with her legs open for him to make love to her.
Both stories had the girl grateful for giving her such wonderful
feelings and promising to do anything they wanted.
    By then I was feeling a little giddy from the drinks so after
more prodding I said, "Mine were different. I had no idea what
making love would be like until you showed me so mine was being a
heroine who was forced to take off my clothes and then made proud
by compliments.
    Mike said, "Was being whipped involved in the fantasy."
    "Not actually being whipped because I didn't know what that
would feel like either. Usually it involved my being a brave
heroine. I was captured as a spy or by indians to be forced to
tell secrets. Naturally I would have to be naked for the whip and
just being naked and hung up helpless in front of a lot of men
who thought I was beautiful was enough to excite me.
    Mike said, "I see. So we satisfied your fantasy."
    "Yes. The tree you hung me on was just like the one in my
indian fantasy but I never guessed actually being hit could get
exciting. It was proving my courage and being proud of their
compliments that excited me."
    Mike said, "I must be beat. Your story didn't excite me the
way it should. I think I will go to bed."
    Kyle said, "Me too. It is going to be awhile before I get
hard again."
    I was disappointed. It had never occurrred to me that they
couldn't get hard all night. I went to bed but they had given me
more than enough to remember to let me masturbate until I had an
orgasm and went to sleep.
    I slept late and when I went downstairs I found a note saying
they had gone up to the bunkhouse and would be back by noon and I
should have lunch ready for them.
    I had come down naked hoping that may make them want to make
love to me but since they weren't there and there was some
morning chill I went back up to put on a sweater and skirt.
    I had some time to kill so I boiled eggs and potatos to make
potato salad and sliced some meat and turkey I found for
sandwiches.
    They showed up a little later and we sat down to eat.
    Mike watched me eat and when we were done he said, "Why are
you wearing clothes? You know we like you naked."
    I said, "I'm sorry and got up to start pulling off my sweater
but he stopped me saying, "No. Leave them on a minute. Kyle put
on some music so she can dance for us whuile she takes them off.
That will be good for you Baby. You can imagine you are in a club
with a lot of people watching. Now take them off real slow."
    I moved out to the middle of the floor and began swaying to
the slow beat of the music closing my eyes to help me imagine a
crowd. They helped by applauding and when I was naked yelling at
me to shake my boobies and pump my hips. It was a medley and by
the time the three songs were over I was sweaty and panting from
the exertion and my excitement. I stood there not knowing what
else I should do when Mike told me to come over and kneel in
front of them. I did it thinking they may want me to suck them
but I didn't care as long as it made them want to make love to
me.
    But that wasn't it. They just watched me kneel there
breathing hard which made my boobs heave then Mike said. "I have
been thinking about your fantasy. I can't see why you think you
were a heroine. You said it excited you to get naked and be hung
up."  
    "Oh but I was. I didn't tell them any secrets."
    "Yeah but they hadn't done anything to hurt you."
    "No, but I wouldn't have anyway."
    "Maybe. How about a test. Lets pretend you know three numbers
of a safe combination. If you are really brave you will take off
our belts and hand them to us then stand up with your hands on
your head and your legs apart so we can spank your boobs and
pussy. Just six spanks to each will prove you are really brave."
    I gasped and said, Oh no! They are my most sensitive parts.
That would hurt awful. Couldn't you just spank my butt?"
    "Aha. You proved my point. Real torturers wouldn't just give
you a little spanking. You are just a little slut who loves
showing off her body."
    He had struck a sore point. I knew it was slutty to show off
and had rationalized that I had no choice. By refusing I would be
admitting I was a coward and also a slut. I was afaid though.
Before my boobs and pussy was saved for the last after I had
become excited. Now my most sensitive parts would be hit first.
    I whimpered, "I am not a slut. You know this will hurt me
terribly. I'll prove I am brave."
    I walked over to them on my knees and took off their belts to
hand to them then stood up to put my hands on my head. 
    They let my fear and excitement build by telling me to push
out my boobs and open my legs further and further until I felt
the lips open. then Kyle felt my boobs saying, "these will really
be stinging. Mike cupped my pussy in his hand and said, "This
too. Why don't you just admit you are a slut and give us the
combination?"
    Suddenly it was just like my fantasy and it was important not
to tell. I said defiantly, "No. I'll never tell!"
    "Okay. You can count. When you are ready say 'One.'"
    That seemed to make it worse. I would be asking for the
lashes. My only hope was that so far they had not hit hard.
    I braced myself and said, "One."
    Mike brought his belt acroos both my boobs just below the
nipples. I gasped at the sting but I knew he could have hit much
harder so I gritted my teeth and said, "Two."
    Kyle brought his belt across both boobs above the nipples
even harder. The sting semed to explode my boobs as they jumped
and quivered. I stood there a second feeling the stings spread
out then closed my eyes and said, "Three."
    Mike's belt came across both nipples to double the sting. I
gasped as tears flooded my eyes and breathed hard for a moment as
that sting spread to seem to move toward my crotch."
    This time I watched as I said, "Four."
    I am sure Kyle hit just as hard. I saw his belt sink into my
boobs to bury the nipples and make them shudder but the sting did
not seem as bad and my excitement leaped.
    I yelled "Five!" and watched my boobs jump and shudder from
one lifting them from below as excitement rose futher to make me
yell, Six!"
    Kyle hit my nipples again and I squealed realizing I was on
the edge of orgasm.
    I stood there panting in excitement with my red boobs heaving
for a moment until Mike said, "Well are you ready to talk?"
    I panted, "No. Seven!"
    He brought the belt down diagonally to cross the lips of my
slit but the sting was pure excitement and I quickly said,
"Eight" for Kyle to cross them from the other side."
    I went into orgasm! I yelled "Nine!" and then "Ten" as
orgasms and pain made my body convulse.
     Mike squeezed and pulled on my pussy to increase the burn as
he said, "Last chance. Will you talk?"
     I moaned, "Never!"
    Kyle pulled back on my shoulders as he pushed his knee into
my butt to shove my pussy forward then Mike swung the belt up
directly into my slit. It was unreal. I am sure the belt went
clear inside me as the sting seeemed to go into my guts as my
clitoris caught fire. II brought down my hands to caress and
protect my fiery pussy but it had also brought a monster orgasm
the left me panting and moaning.
    Kyle moved to my front and said, "Wow! it is really red!"
    Mike said, "Yeah. I think that did it. What's the combination
Baby?"
    I felt drained and I really didn't want another but it seemed
stupid to give up with only one more to go. It took all my
courage but I managed to put my hands back on my head and
defiantly spread my legs even more and said, "Twelve!"
    They were amazed! Mike said "You really are brave. You
deserve a special reward."
    He knelt between my legs and began licking my super sensitive
pussy. It felt so good I can't describe it and Kyle helped by
sucking and nibbling on my erect nipples.
    Then I had a another orgasm that made my knees buckle and I
let myself sink to the floor. Mike must have thought I wanted to
be fucked because he slid his dick into me which continued my
orgasms but nothing could top the orgasm from his tongue on my
stinging clit. When Kyle knelt down to push his dick into my
cheek I turned to let him put it into his mouth and sucked as I
bucked my hips to drive Mike in as far as possible.
    When they came they moved away and I stretched out to enjoy
the little aftershocks running through my body and the lingering
tingle on my nipples and clit. I was exhausted and finally
completely satiated. I knew now what the boys meant when they
said they had been drained. I knew that I could never have
received the crashing orgasms that had drained me without the
pain that had made me so excited and realized I was now hooked on
pain. Just masturbation or even fuckng would seem like nothing
now.
    I was amazed by my reaction. The little switching they had
given me had made me excited as foreplay but I had no idea that
greater pain to my sexy parts would bring me to orgasm all by
itself. I laid there caressing myself until the exhaustion took
over and I went to sleep. 
    I was awakened when I heard Mike saying, "Are you alright?"
    I turned my head to see them on the couch staring at me in
wonder. I had obviously been asleep for some time since there
were empty bottles of beer at their feet and I was now rested. I
stretched  then said "I guess so. I feel all tingly and feel
rested. I was really exhausted."
    Kyle said, "I can believe that. You were bucking and
trembling as if you were having a fit. I had no idea girls could
get so excited."
    Mike said, "You were really courageous Baby. We are proud of
you."
    Kyle said, "God yes! You would flinch when you were hit but
you would push your boobs or pussy back out for more. It was
amazing!"
    "Yes I was brave wasn't I. I could really be a spy! I think
that even as bad as it was I could have suffered a lot more
without giving you the combination."
    "Was it like what you had fantasized?"
    "Well no. Not really. In my fantasy there was a real whip
made of leather with four leather thongs coming out of a braided
handle like I had seen in a history book and there were more men
watching me. I was also braced for really terrible pain. Your
belts really stung but not as bad as I had imagined."
    Kyle said, "Hell I could make a whip like that. I have some
nice soft deerhide that wouldn't cut you. Would you like me to
make it?"
    I knew by agreeing I would also be agreeing to be hit with it
but that just excited me so I said, "I suppose that would make it
more like my fantasy. Yes. Make one."
    Kyle said "Right on and jerked on his pants to run out to
wherever he had the leather leaving me with Mike.
    Mike began putting on his clothes but this time I was not
disappointed because I just had a lethargic feeling with no
excitement. When he stood up I knelt in front of him and said,
"May I put on my clothes?"
    He grinned and said, "Hey. You are getting the right
attitude. Yeah, put on some jeans and a sweater. We have a hole
in the fence that is letting cattle out. I told the boys I would
check the fence here in the lower forty. You can ride along."
    I remembered how exciting riding naked was and said, "I could
ride naked if you want me to."
    "Naw. If you are naked all the time I will get used to it and
it won't turn me on anymore. Go put on the clothes and meet me at
the corral."
    I ran upstairs to dress but then decided I could at least
look a little sexy and put on a micro skirt that was low cut so
the waist was just above my slit and put on a half-shirt to have
my tummy bare just below my boobs.
    I went out to him just as he was putting tools in a saddle
bag then tied a coil of barbed wire to the leather strings behind
his saddle. My horse as usual was bare-back.
    He turned to watch me walking toward him and I knew I had
made the right choice because he was watching my bare tummy and
my boobs swaying under the half-shirt avidly. I took long strides
to make the skirt ride up my thighs and my pussy was still so
sensitive I could feel the lips rubbing against each other.
    That was my first clue that a woman could be sexier partly
clothed than naked and explained all the sexy things I had taken
from Midges closet.
    At first he rode beside me grinning as he watched my boobs
move but when we got to the fence he moved ahead to trace the
fence.
    I rode behind feeling the neck bone against my pussy but we
were just walking slowly so the hair tickling the lips just get
me slightly aroused. It was not as exciting as the first time and
I was wishing I could be naked to get more of a thrill.
    We walked along the fence but I was not interested in it.
What fascinated me was trees I could be tied to and limbs that
seemed to be a sea of whips. There seemed to be an unending
amount of things that could torture me. Along with limbs and
switches there were berry bushes with long thorny vines. I
couldn't help but imagine how the little thorns would feel being
whipped against my nipples and realized that as bad as my pussy
whipping had been I could take even more. I was getting very
excited when he found the broken wires.
    He got off to take out a pliers to cut the old wires at the
posts then string new ones to staple to the posts with a hammer.
Just hearing the hammer hit the posts increased my excitement.
    He said, "That is probably it but we'll ride the rest of the
fence to make sure."
    I saw more vines and things and closed my eyes to imagine
them hitting me. Suddenly I felt a sting on my stomach and looked
down to see a branch slide along just below my belly button to
make a red welt. I had gasped and he looked around to see the
limb snap past me.
    He said, "Jesus. Didn't you see that branch?"
    I admitted, "No. I had my eyes closed. Riding reminded me of
a dream I had. Indians had captured me and had cut off my clothes
with big sharp knives then tied my hands behind my back and put
me on a horse. They tied my ankles together under the horses
chest to make sure I couldn't jump off to run away and then to
make really sure they wrapped twine around the bases of my boobs
and put the twine around the horses neck. I must have been
pulling on my boobs in my sleep because it seemed so real with
the twine jerking on my boobs as the horse moved it's neck. They
took me to their village where a lot of braves were waiting for
me just wearing loin cloths and standing by a tree with a rope
hanging from a limb while they held whips. I woke up
fantastically frightened and excited."
    "Jesus. You really have a wild imagination. It really turns
you on to think of yourself naked in front of a lot of men.
Doesn't it?"
    I blushed and admitted, "Yes. I guess I must be really vain.
It excites me that I could get men really excited and want me."
    "I think I caould work that out. The boys said they thought
you were beautiful. It would really turn them on to see you
naked. Especially hanging from a limb. The stretch makes your
boobs tight and your waist really gets tiny to make your butt
look bigger."
    The thought really excited me but I was also embarrassed and
said, "Oh I couldn't do that. They would think I was a terrible
slut."
    "Not if you didn't have a choice. They assume a woman should
be punished when they do something wrong. They whip Sonia when
she screws up and she expects it."
    That made me feel better. I was afraid I was really strange
but if Midge and Sonia was willing to accept punishment I may be
completely normal. I was sure they would have left if they had
been really upset by it.
    I said, "Well maybe if I do something wrong. Would you lick
my pussy again if I was realy brave?"
    He grinned at my implied agreement and said, "Yeah. If you
can be brave enough for what I have in mind we would all lick you
until you can't cum anymore."
    He dropped the subject and we continued walking the fence as
I imagined the cowboys staring at me and then all around me to
lick my pussy and nipples. Even though we continued to walk slow
my fantasy and the gentle tickling gave me a few little orgasms.
    It took a long time to walk the rest of the fence and fix one
other place. The sun was nearly down when we got back.
    Kyle was waiting impatiently and said, "Where have you been
so long. I had time to make two whips."
    Mike explained we had fixed the fence and said, "We are
starved. Did you make dinner?"
    "Almost. I made a salad and fried some spuds. The barbecue is
ready for steaks. Why is she wearing clothes? It would have beeen
real sexy to have her ride naked."
    "Yeah but I had work to do besides It isn't so sexy to have
her naked if she is that way all the time."
    "Well maybe but I want her in something sexier than that.
Baby, go up and put on one of those sexy panty and bra outfits."
    I ran up to do it glad that at least Kyle was anxious to see
me I had been disappointed Mike had not told me to strip even
after telling him the indian story.
    I put on one of the tiny sets that barely covered my nipples
and pussy and left my butt bare. I combed my hair and put on
lipstick then went down where Mike was barbecuing steaks. I was
delighted when Kyle whistled and had me make slow turns to let
him see all of me.
    Mike told me to go make a pitcher of screwdrivers while the
steaks cooked. I put about a half of bottle of vodka and a like
amount of orange juice to bring out to them. We had a glass
before the steaks were done and then sat down to eat. I was
ravenous and ate the whole steak along with the salad and
potatos. Kyle grinned and patted my ass saying, "If you keep
eating that much your stomach is going to be as big as your
butt."
    I blushed, Mike said, "We will be giving her too much
exercise to get fat but we should weigh her because she is the
perfect weight now."
    Kyle jumped up to go get the bathroom scale he carefully set
to zero then I got on it to find I weighed a hundred and five
pounds. Which was nearly ten pounds more than the last time I had
weighed myself at the scale in the drugstore.
    Mike said, "You are perfect now. If you get bigger you will
get five swats on your ass with this spatula for every pound you
gain. That will hurt. Bend over and I'll give you a sample."
    It was a big spatula with a long handle so the cook would not
have to get too close to the fire. I knew it would be bad so I
said, "Okay. But not too hard."
    I bent over then there was a terrible sting on the left cheek
of my butt that made me yelp and reach back to rub it with tears
in my eyes.
    I whined, "Oh that hurt terribly. I thought you wouldn't hit
hard."
    "I never said that. I wanted you to know how bad it would be
if you let yourself get fat. There have never been any fat women
in this family."
    "Oh I won't! I couldn't stand many of those."
    It was beginning to get dark so we went inside. They sat down
on the couch drinking but I backed up to the mirror to see the
perfect red imprint of the spatula on my cheek. I caressed it
pouting as I sipped my drink until the red had faded then joined
them.
    Kyle bgan caressing me but then Mike said, "Let's see the
whips you made."
    "Oh yeah. I'll get them. Baby will love them. They are real
soft and should just sting enough to turn her on."
    He went into the Rec room and came back with the ends of two
whips dragging on the floor and a little sack. He handed one to
me and I took it to feel the soft leather of the four thongs
coming out of the braided handle. I knew it would hurt less than
their belts as I felt it then let the thongs slide over my
breasts and stomach while they watched me fascinated.
    Kyle said, "I made these for you so your wrists and ankles
wouldn't be chafed."
    I was grateful for the soft whips and this seemed even nicer.
although I knew the things he had made would bring on pain I
kissed him and said he was sweet.
    I buckled them on my wrists and ankles enjoying their
complete attention then stretched up my arms and opened my legs
to imagine how it would feel to be tied that way.
    Mike said, "Ooh Jesus!"
    I looked down at him delighted to see the big lump in his
pants that hadn't been there all afternoon. I wanted to feel it
forcing it's way into me but I also wanted foreplay . I said with
a tremble, "Would you like to try the whips on me?"
    Kyle still didn't get it. He said looking puzzled, "But you
haven't done anything wrong."
    Mike gave him a dirty look and said, "Christ! Don't argue
with her. We don't have to hit hard. I can't wait to see your
skin tremble and get red Baby. Just stand there like that."
    I wanted more and said, "No. You said I look pretty hung up.
Isn't there something you could hang me on in here?"
    Kyle said, "God yes. In the rec room."
    They grabbed my wrists to lead me to the room but I would
have followed willingly. They led me to the center of the room
and I looked up to see two hooks in the ceiling and then down to
see two rings folded flush to the floor about three feet apart.
    Mike went to a closet door and twirled a combination lock to
open it and reach in for ropes and two little chains with snaps
on the ends.He also had a jar of vaseline I assumed would be used
to soften the whips even more.
    He came over to me and I saw there were snaps on the ropes
which he snapped into the rings on my wristcuffs. I felt a tug on
my ankle and looked down to see Kyle snapping the chain into the
ring on my ankle cuffs. I opened my legs to let him snap the
chains into rings in the floor feeling my pussy lips open.  
    I suddenly noticed a large mirror in front of me. I watched
Mike behind me wrapping the ropes around a winch thing. The ropes
began tightening as the winch clicked and I watched myself in the
mirror as my breasts lIfted then my waist stretched to make it
shrink. 
    He stopped but I was loving the way I looked in the mirror
with my tummy so flat and my ribs beginning to show so I moaned,
"A little tighter."
    He made a few more clicks and now all my ribs showed and I
could even feel the lips of my pussy pull tight.
    I hung there frightened but excited realizing that I couldn't
move and was totally at their mercy but I also knew it had been
my idea to be hung up that way.
    Mike came over to feel my tight tummy then said, "God you
look wonderful!"
    Kyle said, "Yes. Beautiful. You want to be naked. Don't you?"
    I was too excited to speak. I just nodded my head 
    They pulled the bows that held on my top and bottom and
pulled them away to let me see my nipples had hardened and my
pussy was just a tight slit with a bump at my clitoris.
    Mike felt my breasts and said, "Ooo. Your tits are really
firm. They won't bounce much."
    Kyle felt my pussy letting his middle finger slide between
the tight lips and said, "Her pussy is tight too. It is also
wet."
    I could believe that. I was so excited my whole body was
trembling.
    Kyle said, "Since you haven't done anything wrong you can
stop us just by saying 'Stop'. We want to see how much you can
take before telling us to stop."
    Mike frowned at him but then said, "I guess that is fair. You
won't stop us until you are red will you?"
    Again I was too breathless to speak and just shook my head.
    Mike grinned and said, "That's my good girl."
    They moved to each side of me and began hiitting my taut
tummy. No. That is too strong as a description. It was more like
they were slapping it and the small stings only caused
excitement. As they began moving up and down from the center of
my stomach I watched the mirror fascinated as my tummy vibrated
with the lashes and turned red to create more excitement. I began
to look forward to them hitting my boobs and pussy to increase
the sting and excitement but just as I was on that terrible edge
just before orgasm they would go back to my tummy again. It was
like they were teasing me and I needed desperately to get over
that edge so I whined, "Harder! Faster!"
    Mike said, "She is ready."
    They began hitting harder and aiming so the very end of the
thongs hit my nipples or dug into the slit of my pussy to cause
much worse stings but I just watched the mirror fascinated at the
sight of my boobs and pussy being jerked and reddened.as orgams
became stronger and when I finally yelled "Stop! Fuck me!" it was
not because of the pain but just that I had reached a massive
orgasm and wanted it to continue by having their dicks enter me
to rub against my super sensitive clit.
    They didn't turn me loose Mike just grabbed my butt cheeks
with his hands to force his dick through my tight lips while Kyle
stayed behind me. I suddenly realized what the vaseline was for
when I felt Kyles greasy dick sliding between my butt cheeks and
then nosing my anus. Mike's thrusts pushed me back to force
Kyle's dick into my rectum to cause a stretching feeling then it
worked its way into me. It was really strange and exciting. Their
dicks seemed to fill me completely and I could feel them sliding
against each other to bring on more orgasms. My orgasms continued
until they came and their dicks softened to slide out of me. I
was exhausted and nearly hysterical.
    They undid my bonds and carried me out to lie on the rug to
talk about me as I panted soaked in my perspiration.
    Kyle said "She is really wild! Do you think her Mom is
reacting this way?"
    Mike said, "Probably. I think it runs in the family."
    Kyle said, "God we have to give Sam a lot of credit for
finding them. Baby loves it even more than Midge."
    "Yeah. Midge always needed an excuse for her punishments.
Baby wants it just for the thrill."
    I made them aware I was listening by whining, "Oh God. Do you
think I am crazy?"
    Mike kissed me then said, "No Baby. You are just a beautiful
sensuous girl and we love you for it."
    It still seemed kind of sick but I was proud that they loved
me and I could get them so excited.
    By then I had calmed down so they led me to the couch where
Kyle got me a drink I swallowed thirstily then Mike got a soft
towel to caress the sweat from my tingling body.
    I felt the need to excuse my actions and said, "I love you
guys too. That is why I will do anything to please you."
    Mike said, "We know you do. You are our little love slave
aren't you?"
    I realized I was and even enjoyed the concept since by being
a slave I had reached heights I had never dreamed of.
    I said, "Yes. I will do anything you want me to do."
    Kyle said, "Even if we wanted to show our friends how brave
you are?"
    "Oh that would be embarrassing but I guess I would."
    That wasn't true. I would be glad to do it. Having strangers
see me fit right into my fantasies.
    Mike got us another drink then said, "Baby had a wild dream
about being captured by indians. Tell Kyle about it."
    I told him embellishing the story by telling him how my boobs
had swollen like balloons when the twine was wrapped around the
bases and then were jerked around by the horses neck and when I
got to the indian camp I was led around so they could all fondle
my body and slap my butt with their hands. I knew exactly how my
boobs would feel because when they were smaller I had wrapped
twine around them to make them look bigger and remembered how
they had throbbed and turned dark red from the trapped blood. I
think doing that was what prompted the dream.
    Mike said, "We could make her dream come true. I know the
cowboys would love whipping that great body. They whip Sonia for
any excuse and she is a lot skinnier than Baby."
    I gulped as a felt a spasm of excitement then said, "Oh that
would be real embarrassing. I would need an excuse for that."
    Kyle said, "For sure. The whip they use on Sonia is worse
than these. It may hurt more than you can stand."
    I didn't want the idea dismissed so I said, "Well if Sonia
can take it I should be able to stand it too."
    Mike said, "Maybe we should save it for a special occasion.
Kyle, lets make some sandwiches and another pitcher of drinks."
    I offerred to do it but they told me that I deserved a rest.
I haeard them whispering in the kitchen then they came out and
after we wolked down the sandwiches and was sipping our drinks
they began caressing my body. It really felt good and I began
rolling around in pleasure.
    Mike grinned and said, "Are you horny again?"
    "Oh that feels good. Will you make love to me again?"
    "No I know something that will really turn you on."
    I said, "Oh I don't think I want to be whipped again so soon.
I am still red."
    "No. No whipping this will just feel good."
    "Oh okay. If I can get another orgasm I will be able to sleep
like a baby."
    He pulled out a huge ottoman foot stool and told me to lie on
my back on it. He positioned me so my butt was right on the edge
then Kyle came over with some soft rope they used to tie my
ankles and biceps to the legs. I became alarmed and said, "Why
are you tying me if I won't be hurt?"
    Mike said, "This is so you can get off without helping at
all. All you have to do is relax and enjoy."
    He finished off by tying more ropes to my knees to hold my
legs wide open Then licked my pussy while Kyle went into the
kitchen. Mike pulled away to my disappointment but the pleasure
began again as Kyle used a soft brush to put something warm and
greasy on around and inside my pussy. I moaned, "Oh that feels
good. What is it?"
    Mike said, "It is gravy. You'll find out why in a minute."
    He left then came back in with his huge german shepherd dog.
He led it between my legs and the dog began lapping at my pussy.
    I yelled, "Oh no! This is gross!"
    Mike just kissed me and said relax. You will love this."
    In spite of myself the dogs tongue lapping at me and pushing
in his tongue soon had me fantastically excited. I began moaning
and rolling as I realized he had finished the gravy and was now
lapping my juices while making little growling noises and
scraping his teeth against my lips.
    Suddenly he reared up and put his front feet by my head and
his furry chest rubbbed on my nipples while he humped until his
dick finally sunk into me. I was amazed. it seemed as big as a
human's and seemed to get bigger. I moaned and cried,"Get him off
me!" but was ignored. Mike took off the ropes to my knees and I
squeezed the dog with my thighs but that just seemed to increase
the sensations and to my shame I rapidly went into orgasms until
the dog whimpered and pulled out what felt like a big knot.
    I cried, "How could you do that to me. I feel so dirty!"
As soon as I was loose I ran upstairs to shower and pushed the
shower head into my pussy to wash out every trace of the dog's
semen. I felt cleaner then but still felt ashamed as I remembered
how thrilling it had been with the dogs hair tickling my whole
front while hs dick stretched my pussy.
    I put on my robe and went down to yell at them again and get
an apology and a promise never to do anythng like that again.
    They were sitting on the couch looking at pictures spread on
the coffee table. As I walked toward them I said, "You should be
ashamed for doing that to me. It was awful. I'll never forget
it!"
    Instead of an apology Mike said, "Oh come on. You know you
got off on it and we can prove it, Come here."
    I went over to him and he handed me a polaroid picture. The
dog's mouth was on my breast and I had a look of pure ecstasy on
my face. I threw it down but he just handed me another. Kyle must
have shot the whole roll. There were pictures from all sides and
even some from the floor to show the dog's huge red dick
stretching my pussy. Then I noticed none of the ropes showed. It
looked as If I was lying there willingly with smiles and
excitement on my face.
    I began to cry and said, "Oh God. Burn them. I couldn't stand
anyone seeing them."
    Mike said, "No chance! Now you have your excuse to be
whipped. If you don't cooperate we will show these pictures to
everyone. Even your Mom."
    I cried, "That isn't fair. You made me do it. That is
blackmail!"
    "That's about it but remember you got off on it. Do you think
any of your girlfriend's would have."
    I thought about it and realized they would not have even let
them tie them to the footstool. I admitted. "I guess not. I feel
so ashamed!"
    "You will be able to make up for it by being whipped. Won't
you?"
    It seemed the only thing that may make me forgive myself. I
said, "Yes. I hope it will hurt too much to excite me. I deserve
to suffer."
    Mike said, "Good girl. At least we will show you we still
love you."
    He opened my robe and began kissing and licking my pussy. The
Kyle joined in by kissing and licking my breasts and tummy. It
felt wonderful and I thought Mike was really making a sacrifice
by licking where the dog's dick had been. I had a delightful
orgasm and in gratitude said, "That was wonderful. I'll do you."
    He sat on the couch and I began licking, kissing and
swallowing his dick happy I knew I was pleasing him by his smiles
and grimaces as I licked especially tender parts. Kyle got behind
me and pushed his dick into my pussy. I let his lunges force
Mikes' dick down my throat as orgams began then got stronger.
    When they came I got up on the couch between them until we
were calmed enough to breathe normally. Then Mike said, "Let's
take a shower and get to bed. I want you totally rested for
tomorrow."
    We all got into the big shower and they washed all of me so
gently and lovingly I could hardly believe these were the same
boys that liked to hurt me.
    Kyle reminded me of the ordeal to come by saying, "You skin
is so white and beautiful. Tomorrow it will be all red and maybe
bruised."
    "I don't care! It should be! I deserve it and hope it will be
terrible so I can feel good about myself again."
    Mike grinned and said, "I was sure you would feel that way.
Now let's go to bed."
    I said hopefully, "May I sleep with you?" but he said, "We
would never get any sleep. Some other time."
    I went to bed but I couldn't get to sleep. I couldn't stop
thinking about the dog and that reminded me of whippings then I
remembered Sam and Mom's switching which had really hurt. I
thought my whipping tomorrow would be just as bad but it was
alright because I would be able to prove my courage and let me be
forgiven. They had stayed downstairs so I went into Mikes room to
get the magazine remembering the stripes on the girl to see how I
would look. I also took the book under it. The stripes were no
owrse than the ones from my switching so I was sure I would be
able to take it. I opened the other magazine to find it was a
bunch of letters to the editor from girls. They described their
whippings by their husbands, the Police, and even biker gangs.
Their was one common denominator. No matter how severe it was the
girls always got to fantastic orgasms. That convinced me my
reaction was normal and finally went to sleep but then I had
another dream. I was standing in front of a judges bench and he
was saying, "Fucking a dog is bestiality and a terrible offence.
You will be tied behind a horse cart to walk through the streets
so everyone can see your shame and then whipped."
    I was taken down to the street in town and everyone was
there. My schoolmates, my teachers, all the store owners, and
even the preacher.
    I was led to the cart then the sheriff ripped off my clothes
while people called me names and my wrists were tied to the
tailgate. My embarrassment was not enough for the crowd. As they
yelled at me I was hit by rotten tomatoes. Then that wasn't
enough! They began throwing clods of dirt, and horse turds then
rocks! I could actually feel them hitting my body and put my head
between my arms to protect my face as I cried. It seemed endless
and then I saw a huge cross and a man in black holding a thong
whip but this one had nails stuck through the thongs that would
rip my flesh. It scared me so bad I woke up sitting straight up.
It had seemed so real I was surprised to be in my bed. My face
was covered with my tears and  was still crying. I finally calmed
down and wiped my face with the sheet. I remembered what had
prompted the dream. I had read that in the old days whores were
stripped to the waist and dragged through the streets to be
whipped. There had even been a picture of a woman hiding her head
between her arms as I had with the angry crowd.
    I realized that if I had lived in the old days that would
have happened to me which only convinced me I was lucky to only
be whipped for an offence much worse than being a whore.
    I finally went back to sleep and slept in. When I woke it was
almost eleven AM.
    Kyle said, "I was just about to wake you. Go back up and put
on an old dress and panties and bra. We want to make this as
close to your fantasy as possible."
    My dream was still fresh in my mind and I was afraid the
cowboys might be a lot more mean than the boys. so I whimpered,
"Please don't do this to me. I am scared. I am afraid it will
hurt terribly."
    "Yes it will but as an incentive if you are brave and
cooperate we will give you all the pictures of you fucking the
dog."
    Anything would be worth it to get those pictures to burn
them.
    I whimpered, "Really? Do you promise?"
    "Yes. If you are brave."
    "Oh I will be. Anything is worth it to get the pictures
before anyone else sees them."
         I knew whatever I wore would be ruined so I chose and
old housedress and my old cotton panties and bra. When they were
on I knew my ordeal was close and had to wait a moment to work up
my nerve to go downstairs.
    When I went downstairs Mike and Kyle were waiting for me.
They were wearing just cloths covering the centers of their butts
and their penis's held up by a piece of twine. They had even used
make-up to paint on warpaint. It should have seemed silly but
since it was so much like my fantasy I didn't feel like laughing.
    Kyle tied my hands behind my back and Mike put a dog collar
around my neck with a leash he used to lead me to the corral.
    I was surprised to see my horse was wearing a saddle. I said,
"I thought I would ride bareback."  
    "Naw. I changed things a bit. I don't want to take a chance
of you falling off and I thought the horses hair rubbing your
pussy might excite you. You shouldn't like any of this should
you?"
    I blushed knowing I had looked forward to the excitement the
hair and bone would bring and was ashamed that I had wanted
excitement rather than the pain I deserved. I said, "No. In my
dream it was all terrible." That wasn't true I had enjoyed the
feeling on my pussy and the twine jerking on my boobs."
    "Alright. From now on don't expect to be able to become
excited. You will be in pain and you and everyone will know if
you are really courageous.You can stop everything by saying the
troops are hidden in the south forty."
    "I won't tell. Everyone will be impressed by my courage.
You'll see."
    " Okay. Now we start." 
    At that Kyle held my arms while Mike slowly cut off my dress
with a big knife then cut off the panties and bra. In spite of
myself I found I was getting excited. He stood there looking at
my nude body a moment and I said, "Aren't you going to tie my
boobies?" I was looking forward to the throbbing feeling but Mike
said, "No. You acted like that excited you. I have come up with a
better way to torture your boobs and I have made some more
changes. You won't be totally naked. Kyle made you a special
loincloth."
    He held up a wool scarf and some leather string. I couldn't
see anything special about it and regretted not being able to
feel the leather of the saddle on my bare pussy. 
    They had me spread my legs then Kyle pulled the scarf up
between my legs.When it got to my crotch I felt like a hundred
tiny needles were poking my pussy. I flinched and said, "Oh. The
wool is really stickery."
    "That isn't the wool. Kyle gathered cockleburrs to stick on
the scarf. You know what they are. don't you."
    "Yes. Some stuck to my socks when we went riding. They are
lttle balls with needle like barbs coming out of them. Oh. It
will hurt to sit on them. Won't it?"
    "You don't have to sit on them. You can stand up in the
stirrups. Now I'll tie your boobs. 
    He brought out two spring clamps with jagged teeth on the
ends of strings and let the jaws close on my nipples. I
immedately began to whimper saying, "Oh it hurts. Like an animal
was biting me."
    "The whole idea is to make you hurt. Isn't it? Be brave! Show
me you can overcome it by thanking me for the hurt."
    It was hard but I managed to say, "Thank you for letting me
prove my courage."
    They held my thighs and arms to lift me over the rear of the
horse to bring me forward to sit in the saddle. When I sat a
hundred needles poked my crotch with the center ones digging into
my tender inner lips and even my clit. I quickly got my feet in
the stirrups to take off some of the weight but I found even on
my toes I could feel them scratching.
    Kyle brought the leash from my collar around to the back to
tie it to a strap going under the horses tail which made me sit
up straight then Mike brought the strings from my nipple clamps
that were now hurting even worse than when he had first put them
on around the horses neck then we began riding to the bunkhouse. 
    I was in constant pain. Even on my toes my body would move
back and forth to make the burrs scratch at my pussy and when my
legs cramped to make me sit down the needles buried themselves in
me and were still moved as my body moved. Along with that the
horse would tug at my nipples with every movement of his head to
take stronger bites.
    It seemed endless and my courage began to evaporate. I think
I would have confessed if I hadn't seen the entrance to the
bunkhouse about a hundred yards away.
    When we reached the yard someone yelled and the cowboys came
out just as Mike had removed the clamps and they were lifting me
off the horse.
    They had been willing to join in the fantasy. All four of
them were wearing loincloths and warpaint to make them look evil.
One of them with a hairy pot belly beat the rest over to me. He
saw the tears running down my cheeks and said, "God she is crying
already. Is she that scared. I thought you said she was brave."
    "She is! She suffered all the way here. See these clamps.
They were jerking on her nipples."
    He grabbed my nipples to stretch them out which made me
whimper and said, "Oh yeah. I can see the marks. They look like
they were chewed."
    "That isn't all. Kyle. Take off her loincloth."
    Kyle pulled the bow on the string around my waist to let it
fall to the ground then picked it up to show the cowboy the burrs
stuck to the cloth as close as possible. The cowboy looked at my
pussy and said, "Wow it really turned it red and scratched it. It
is really going to be sensitive for the whip."
    That reminded me I had an even greater ordeal coming but I
thought it would at least be over quickly not the long constant
pain I had been experiencing.
    Then I heard a cowboy ask Kyle, "Will we all get a chance to
whip her?
    "I doubt it. She will only be whipped until she tells where
the troops are hidden. That may not take long so we thought we
would cut cards to see who would be first in the lineup."
    It hurt my feelings that he thought I would not be very brave
and I was about to protest when I saw Sonia. She was a pretty,
slender girl also wearing just a loincloth to show her breasts
which were smaller than mine but nice and round. Somehow it
seemed much more embarrassing to have a woman see me naked.
    Then Mike said, "Chief. This squaw has refused to tell us
where the troops are hidden in spite of being tortured on the way
here."
    The guy with the hairy pot-belly said, "She will be begging
to tell us when she feels the kiss of the whip!"
    That made it seem totally real to me. Just as I thought a
heroine should I said, "I'll never tell. I will die first!"
    I felt a tug on my leash and began following Mike towards a
tree with a limb holding ropes ominously. Everyone followed on
both sides of me and I expected to be hit by a rock at any
moment.
    Then I heard Sonia say, "God it is great to have someone else
feel the whip. You guys will know how brave I have been."
    That gave me hope and more resolve to be courageous since I
thought if she could take it I could too.
    Then I was under the limb and my cuffs were unsnapped to be
snapped onto the ropes.
    The ropes began going up and I began to feel the thrilling
stretch. I hoped they would be so awed by my beauty once my waist
shrank they may not hit hard but the chief said, "Not too tight.
I want her breasts loose enough to move."
    They actually loosened the ropes a little to let me stand
flat-footed rather than on my toes.
    A couple of cowboys rolled over a log about four feet long
and had me stand on it. They snapped a leather strap on my ankle
cuffs and pulled my legs apart to nail the straps into the log.
    I sobbed knowing my legs were so far apart nothing would be
protected but as I listened to the hammers I suddenly thought of
Jesus being nailed to the cross which increased my feeling of
being a heroine and a martyr.
    They let me stand there a moment and I realized my legs were
open so far my slit had opened because I could feel a breeze
evaporating the juices from my pussy.
    "The Chief said, "Bring me the whip!"
    While someone ran to get it the Chief said to Mike, "We
soaked it in oil all night to make it flexible and a little
heavier."
    A "Brave" handed it to him and it was frightening. I expected
a thong whip but this had four skinny braided leather strings
that I knew would dig in and hurt as much or maybe more than the
willow switches Mom had used on me especially with the hard knots
at the ends."
    The Chief went to my side and then brought it across my butt.
It stung bad but I knew it could be worse. That was proved when
he hit my tummy. That made me sqeal at the pain. He continued to
swing the whip with forehands and backhands with pauses up my
back and tummy until I screamed at his last one across my
breasts. I looked down to see red welts about the thickness of a
pencil running across them.
    He stopped and said "Are you ready to talk?"
    It hadn't hurt any worse than the switches and although I was
stinging and hot from the combination of the whip and the hot
sun. I thought I would be a true coward to give up after only ten
to make Kyles prophecy true.
    "I held back my sobs to say defiantly, "No. Never!"
    I knew then it would be a long ordeal because he handed off
the whip to another man and held a bottle of beer to my lips I
chugged down thirstily.
    They stood there a moment watching my trembling body then the
man with the whip stood in front of me. he hit the outside and
inside of my thighs. I squealed at the ones to my inner thighs
especially the last two which hit the open lips of my pussy to
jerk them fully open.
    Again I was asked if I would talk but I was crying so hard I
just shook my head,"No." They let me stand there until my sobbing
stopped then Mike took his turn.
    I hoped he would go easy but he put all ten on my front from
my pussy to the tops of my breasts. It was awful but I noticed my
nerves seemed to be getting numb because the last ones didn't
seem to hurt as bad.
    I was given another beer but I was crying so hard I just
choked on it because I knew the delays would never let me work up
to an orgasm or even let me get numb.
    Then there was another man then Kyle. who concentrated on my
butt and the back of my thighs. I am not sure what happened.
Either my nerves became deadened or something snapped in my
brain. The lashes simply excited me and I became very lucid. I
looked out at them and counted off the men who had whipped me and
realized there was only one left. I felt triumphant knowing that
they could never get me to talk now.
    When he came to me, "Someone yelled. "Last chance. You are
going to have to hit harder to make this tough girl talk."
    He did hit harder! One to my tummy almost knocked the wind
out of me but my screams were caused by orgasms!
    When he quit I just hung by my arms drenched in my sweat and
panting as my body convulsed from orgasmic aftershocks. I was
exhausted and glad it was over but then Sonia said, "I haven't
had my turn."
    Someone said, "Yeah. She should know what it is like to be on
the other end of the whip and she knows what hurts."
    They handed her the whip while I moaned, "No. I can't take
anymore."
    She looped the whip around her neck then walked up to me and
grabbed my poor sore and throbbing boobs to pull herself close
and said in a low voice, "You bitch. You made me look like a
coward.I agreed to anything after twenty. I'll make you talk."
    She stepped back far enough so only the knots began beating
against my breasts and pussy. The nerves weren't dead enough to
help when the knots tore at my nipples and clit and I screamed in
terrible pain until I became unconscious.
    I woke up lying on the floor of the bunkhouse still naked but
with a pillow under my head. The men were sitting on couches and
chairs drinking beer and staring at me. My mouth and throat were
dry so I croaked, "I need something to drink."
    Kyle jumped up to offer me his beer saying, "Anything you
want. Baby. We are all proud of how courageous you were."
    I gulped it down and asked for another. When I finished it I
noticed nothing was hurting except for stinging on my nipples and
clit. I said, "I don't understand. I don't hurt anymore. When I
was being whipped I was sure I would hurt for days."
    Mike said, "Here you could use something stronger." and gave
me a screwdriver then explained, "While you were unconscious we
bathed you in cool water then put some salve on you we use on the
horses. It kills all the pain."
    I got up to look at myself in the mirror. I was covered with
red welts and even the spaces between them were red. I said,
"God. I am going to be solid black and blue tomorrow."
    "Yeah but that will just prove how courageous you were. At
least it is all over."
    "Thank God for that. The salve isn't totally successful. My
nipples and clit still hurt."
    "Yeah Sonia is sorry for that, Aren't you Sonia?"
    I looked where he was looking as Sonia whimpered, "Yes.
Please forgive me."
    She was standing next to a wall with her wrists attached to
hooks The toothed clamps that had been on my nipples were now on
hers and made worse because the strings were tied to the necks of
quart beer bottles which stretched her nipples and pulled down
her breasts. Between her wide spread legs there was another
bottle I could only assume was clamped to her clit.
    She looked pathetic. Her whole front was covered with her
tears. As if it wasn't enough to have her nipples and clit bit a
cowboy would bat at the bottles with the handle of a whip to make
them jerk and sway. I felt sorry for her and said, "Please take
them off her. She only hurt me that bad because she was jealous
of me."
    Mike said, Okay Sonia. We told you they could come off if
Baby forgave you." 
    A couple of men went to her to squeeze open the clips and
take them off. "She said, "Oh thank you Baby. I'll do anything
for you."
    I thought it must have been awful for her because she had
suffered with no guarantee I would forgive her.
    Then Mike said, That brings up another subject. As a reward
for your bravery after you have rested a bit and had a few drinks
the rest of the night will just be pleasure."
    He refilled my glass and my exhaustion went away. I went over
to sit next to Kyle on the couch since he had been the only one
who had not hurt me terribly.
    He hugged me and said, "God. You were awesome. I think you
really would have died before telling. Any country would love to
have you for a spy."
    I kissed him then said, "I guess I was pretty brave." fishing
for more compliments. I got them. All the men and Sonia said I
was absolutely wonderful.
    Kyle began caressing my tingling nipples and I laid back
making little moans of pleasure.
    Mike said, "I think she is ready for fun. Sonia. Do your
duty."
    She came over to kneel between my legs then opened my slit
and let her tongue flutter on my tingling clitoris. It felt
wonderful and I realized only a woman would know exactly what
felt best. I pulled my breasts apart to watch her. She was
looking at my face enjoying my smile of pleasure as excitement
grew and her face became wet from my juices until I had this
really pleasant orgasm.
    For the rest of the night there was a tongue or a dick in my
pussy. Once I had one in my asshole and pussy at the same time. I
finally became completely satiated and said that I needed to get
some sleep. Kyle and Mike shared my bed and I really felt loved
as they gently caressed me until I went to sleep while the others
continued to drink and marvel at their exciting experience.
    I woke up early while it was still dark because my skin felt
hot like a bad sunburn. I remembered where the salve was so I got
up to go into the living room to put on some of the miraculous
salve. I turned on the lights then found the salve to go to the
mirror to put it on. I looked awful! the skinny red stripes were
now twice as wide and a dark maroon color. The whole front of my
body was striped with them crossing each other on my boobs and
pussy to make them completely maroon and throbbing. I could reach
all of them since almost all were on the front or on my butt.
There were only a few crossing my back. That proved it was not
like the whippings of slaves, prisoners, sailors, and heretics
because all the pictures and movies I had seen the punishment was
to the back with only a few stripes in the front where the ends
curled around the person's body.
    It was obvious my whpping was not the traditional kind to
punish or force a confession but a means to provide excitement to
the men. I remembered then the cheers when my boobs or pussy were
jerked out of shape but perversely I still felt proud I had been
brave enough to withstand punishment even heretics had not
suffered since I was sure they had also became numb and a lot
sooner since they were hit in a small area.
    The others were still asleep when we left and I was glad
because I did not know what I could say to them. Kyle offered to
get me a sheet to cover myself but I refused because the cool
morning air felt good on my skin and I wanted to remind them of
how much I had suffered for everyone's entertainment.
    Mike began to trot and my horse followed but I pulled back on
my reins to slow him to a walk and said, "Let's just walk. My
boobs are sore and throbbing and having them bounce makes it
worse."
    Kyle was nice. He said, "Oh they must be. I felt so sorry for
you when I saw them hit so hard they went to your armpits. The
poor things are going to be solid black and blue. When we get
back I'll put on some more salve."
    Mike just said, "You have fantastically flexible and tough
skin. I was sure you would end up bleeding."
    Kyle said, "You should feel ashamed of yourself. This was
your idea and I didn't know they would all whip her. You know how
mean some of them are and Sonia turned out to be the worst."
    Mike said, "You wanted to do it didn't you Baby. You were
able to prove you were more courageous than anyone you had read
about or seen in movies."
    I said, "Yes. I think I proved that but Kyle is right. Sonia
was terrible and that surprised me. You would think she would
have been more sympathetic knowing how bad that whip hurts."
    "I think you gave Sonia a chance to get even for her
whippings. She isn't like you. She hates the whip and will offer
to do anything to avoid it. She was probably jealous that you
could stand up to it with only small screams."
    "Yes. Before she whipped me she said she hated me for making
her look like a coward."
    "She is cowardly. I have seen her do all kinds of disgusting
things like sticking her tongue into the guy's assholes, sucking
the dog's dick, and even fucking the jackass. I know you would
take whipping until you became unconscious rather than demean
youself that way."
    That made me proud but I was curious."God. How could she get
the jackasses dick into her. It was peeing when Sam took me up
there and it's dick was huge!"
    "A vagina will really stretch. Remember that babies come out
of them and their heads are bigger than any dick. She only had to
do it once. Although thickness was not a problem the length was.
It made her bleed inside and scared the guys out of having her do
it again."
    Perversly I wondered how it would feel to be stretched that
much. Just Mike's dick stretched it. I even thought there would
be a solution. If I could wrap my legs around it's body I could
keep it from going so deep but then I shuddered as I realized it
might excite me so much I wouldn't care if it tore me up inside.
Then I felt ashamed I would even consider the idea.
    When we got to the ranch house Kyle got the salve and they
had me get on my hands and knees while they caressed salve on my
boobs, tummy, pussy, thighs and butt It felt just wonderful and
when they quit I said, "Let me thank you." I unbuckled and
unzipped Kyles pants to suck his dick. When Mike said, "Hey I am
being left out." I took my mouth off Kyles dick long enough to
say, "You can fuck me from behind."
    That gave me a real nice orgasm that seemed to drain me and
they carried me up to my bed and gave me the pictures of me
fucking the dog. I was so tired I slept until about three AM when
I got up to go pee. I saw the pictures on my bed stand but I
didn't burn them. I looked at them while rubbing my breasts with
a furry rug and playing with my pussy until I got another orgasm.
In the morning I perversely put the pictures in my photo album.
    They were really nice to me for the three days it took for my
bruises to fade. They just made love to me. I remembered what
Mike had said and began wearing the tiny bikinis, or underthings
and even sometimes just a thin dress that let them see my boobs
move when I walked with the shadow of my nipples showing
underneath. Anytime I wanted to be loved I would stand in front
of them to slowly remove what I was wearing. I loved teasing
them. I found an exercise tape to put in the VCR to do aerobics
enjoying watching lumps raise in their shorts as they watched me
flashing my boobs, butt and pussy in an outfit I made by cutting
the bottom off a loose shirt which would fall away from my boobs
and hemmed up a skirt to flash my butt and pussy as I did the
exercises. When I was sweaty it reminded all of us of the way I
sweat when being whipped which would make me get naked for them
to fuck me individually or both at once.
    I should have been happy but when I laid in my bed I would
remember the fantastic thrills of my public whipping and reflect
on the fact that sometimes their gentle love would not always get
me to orgasm. Then I remembered what one of the cowboy said as I
was hanging there waiting for the next man to whip me.
    In the morning I said, "When I was being whipped one of the
cowboys said that I was even braver than Midge. Was she ever
whipped in front of them?"
    "Oh yeah but not as bad as your whipping. They thought she
was brave because she would volunteer to be whipped just to
excite them. They just used soft whips like Kyle made and she
made them agree to stop when she said'Mercy'. Even when I was
little I knew it was exciting her as much or more than the men."
    "Gee. Sam let you see her whipped when you were little?
Didn't that frighten you, and didn't you feel sorry for her."
    "No. I must have been about four when one night I got up to
get a drink and heard them in the living room. I peeked around
the corner and saw her slowly take off her nightie holding a
strap in her teeth. When she was naked she handed the strap to
Sam and said, 'Warm me up. Make me want you!'
    Sam got up and she laid on the couch while he spanked her
butt. She just moaned and slid her body around on the leather
couch then turned over so he could strap her front until she
said, "Now! I need you."
    From then on even when he began using a whip I knew it just
excited her."
    "But didn't you think it was strange? I would never have
guessed being hurt would excite me until it happened. I remember
hating spankings when I was little."
    "Yeah. They were probably too hard and over too soon. When I
asked Sam why she enjoyed it so much he explained that women
liked to prove their love and that if you started easy it would
just excite them. When he knew Kyle and I were spying on them and
it didn't frighten us he would let us watch openly to cause her
more embarrassment. After us it was only natural to show her off
in front of the cowboys."
    "Yeah but you must know most girls would never allow it."
    "I am not so sure. The first time I got laid in our coed
boarding school when I was about ten it was after a girl agreed
to let me give her a birthday spanking. She laid over my lap and
didn't object when I pulled up her skirt to spank her on her
panties. She just squirmed around and still didn't object when I
pulled off her panties to spank her bare butt. She finally got up
to straddle my legs and began rubbing her pussy on my crotch. I
slid off my pants and when my dick was out she grabbed it to push
it into her pussy. She even found another girl and talked her
into letting Kyle and me spank her. She also got excited. I
haven't found a girl yet that wasn't excited by a little pain as
long as it worked up gradually."
    I was sure that was true and no longer felt strange. The only
difference between me and other girls was that I could take more
pain and faster.
    Then Kyle said, "I am glad you healed so fast. I feel real
bad about what they did to you. They hit way too hard and too
long. I should have stopped it."
    I didn't want him to feel bad since I knew he could never
have stopped it as excited as everyone was so I confessed, "It
was only terrible at first. I got numb or something toward the
end and it became exciting. So exciting the last man brought me
to orgasms but then Sonia ruined it by hitting my most sensitive
places so hard.I think if she hadn't hit so hard I could have
gotten to even stronger orgasms."
    I knew it was a mistake when Mike whooped and said, "I
thought you were in orgasm but I couldn't be sure since terrible
pain and orgasms look alike. We can do things to you even Midge
couldn't stand!"
    "Oh God. You whipped Midge? Didn't it bother you to whip your
own mother?"
    "No. I don't think we ever thought of her as our mother did
we Kyle?
    "Not really. She always had us call her Midge and since they
travelled so much we spent most of our time with a nanny or in
boarding school."
    "Yeah I think she was so vain she didn't want people to know
she was old enough to have kids our age."
    This seemed incredible and I asked, "What did she do to cause
you to spank her."
    "Actually the first time was with whips. On my twelth
birthday Sam said, "The boys are old enough to learn about sex.
Midge. Take off your clothes."
    She said "No Sam. Not in front of the children!" but he told
her she was being ridiculous because we had been spying on them
for years. She let out a little sob but followed his directions
to slowly take off her clothes. It made Kyle excited since I had
told him about sex and I was excited to maybe learn something
new. When she was naked Sam had her sit on the couch and put us
beside her to show us how to lick and nibble on her nipples and
showed us where her clitoris was so we could rub it gently with
our fingers. In spite of her protests I knew she liked it because
she opened her legs more and her pussy got wet just like the
girls I had found.
    Then Sam said that now we knew how to excite a girl it was
Midges turn to excite us by using her tongue on her dicks. She
protested but Sam just said she needed to be warmed up. he had us
pull her into the rec-room and she fought a little but we got her
wrists buckled. Sam hoisted her up and gave us a couple of whips.
We hesitated because she begged us not to do it but Sam told us
to ignore her because she liked to think she was being forced. We
started whipping her butt and thighs until she was crying then
Sam said, 'You aren't doing it right. To get excited you need to
hit her sexy parts. Hit her tits and pussy.' That made Kyle and
me even more excited and she must have too because she begged us
to stop so she could do anything we wanted. It was great! She
sucked our dicks, licked our balls and assholes then fucked us in
every way imaginable."
    I suddenly had more respect for her, I was sure incest was
the last straw and she genuinely suffered before giving in. I
said, "Did you always have to whip her to make her have sex with
you?"
    "No. After that she would always strip and do anything we
wanted every day but Kyle and I missed the excitement of whipping
her so we began to make it more humiliating for her by having her
crawl to us on her hands and knees naked to beg us to let her
suck us or lick our balls.When that didn't work we took her to
the pig -pen and told her she had to slide on her belly in the
shit and mud over to us at the far end. That always worked. She
chose whipping even when we used long willow switches.
    That scared me because I was sure it was just a matter of
time before they wanted me to do that and I knew how bad the
switches hurt.
    Like her I agreed to do anything for them even when they let
the cowboys and Sonia watch. I would have refused if I had been
threatened with the whip but they always said if I refused I
would have to go down naked to cut willow switches longer than I
was tall and I didn't want to be bruised again.
    They became spoiled. Just fucking me or having me suck them
was not enough. One day Mike said, "I thought of something that
wiill show how obedient she is. Let's put her at the far end of
the room then put the alligator clamps on her nipples and pussy
lips and clit to crawl to us dragging one of the weights from our
weight lifting set."
    That was the last straw for me. I said, "No! That won't
excite me! It will just hurt terribly and then I'll be sucking
your dicks which doesn't do anything for me either. At the least
if I have to suffer I should be rewarded by being fucked or
licked." 
    Mike yelled, "Baby! You have a bad attitude and you will pay
for it!"
Thankfully Kyle came to my rescue saying,"Hold on Mike. Baby has
a point. We haven't let her have a good orgasm for days."
    Mike said, "She shouldn't question anything I want to do to
her but to make you happy I'll give her a break. If she takes her
punishment bravely we'll make sure she has all the orgasms she
can stand. Is that fair, Baby?"
    I could see he was angry and the punishment would be severe
but at least I would be rewarded so I said, "Yes. I guess so. You
won't cut me with the whip will you?"
    "I won't whip you at all. You will cause your own punishment.
Now strip while I get something."
    I stripped then stood there naked trembling while I tried to
think of some way he would have me punish myself. He came back
wth a box he put on the coffee table then said, "In the box are
twenty alligator clips with two ounce fish weights tied to them.
You will attach six of them on or as close as possible to each
nipple then the rest on your slit."
    I whimpered ,"Oh that will hurt awful."
    "Either that or you can drag the weght whiile I whip your ass
with barbed wire."
    That was no choice at all. Barbed wire would rip my butt to
shreds. I whimpered and flinched while I let the clamps close on
my nipples as gently as I could sobbing as the increasing weight
pulled down my breasts and caused sharp pains to radiate from my
nipples. When II finished with them I started lining them up on
the lips of my pussy to cause new sharp pains that joiined the
ones from my nipples.
    When I finished the pound of weights on each nipple and each
pussy lip had caused them to stretch obscenely. The pain seemed
to worsen as I stood there and I sobbed, "How long do I have to
leave them on?"
    "Just until you have finished dancing to this song. Turn on
the stereo Kyle."
    A fast rock song came on and I tried to cheat by dancing in
half time since the smallest movement made the weights swing and
jerk to hurt even more but it didn't work.
    Mike said sharply, "You aren't keeping up with the beat.
Kyle. Start it over. I'll help her keep time."
    He picked up a switch and began hitting my ass in time with
the music to make me swing and jump. Amazingly the pain to all my
erogenous zones began to excite me and I began to bump and grind
to make the weights jerk to match the pain to my butt until I
went into orgasm just as the song ended.
    Kyle had stripped and laid on his back on the floor. He held
his ridgid dick straight up and said, "Okay Baby. Get on it."
    I straddle him to let it sink into my pussy then Mike pushed
me forward to jam his dick into my ass. That would have been
enough to continue my orgasm but they added even more excitement
by jerking on the weights which made me scream as poweful orgasms
racked my body.
    I became so exhausted I barely noticed as they removed the
clips to leave my nipples and pussy throbbing.
    They let me lie there covered with sweat and panting while
they made drinks. 
    By the tim they handed me one to gulp down I had calmed. Then
Kyle said, "Jesus. You even got off on that.I wonder what it will
take to hurt you so much you won't get excited."
    I began to cry so hard I was hiccoughing.
    Mike said, "Christ! What is wrong. You aren't hurt that much.
You are just red on your tits, pussy and ass."
    I sobbed, "I'm scared! That was awful and I am afraid since
it still excited me you will do something even worse."
    Mike said, "Don't worry. I can't think of anything worse
without scarring you and we don't want to do that. You have
earned a lot of loving." 
    They were real nice to me. Too nice. No matter how much time
they took with foreplay I just couldn't get to the crashing
orgasms. I finally couldn't stand it anymore and told them I was
going for a ride and when I came back I would make them
fantastically excited.
    I went to the tool shed to get a rose clipper then bridled my
horse. I began to have misgivings over what I was going to do so
I stripped to ride naked to keep my excitement up as I rode to
the berry bushes. I cut a branch and pressed it against my boobs.
It was perfect. The gobs of little pricks from the thorns brought
instant eaxcitement while I was glad to see that even pressing
hard there was no blood. I cut two branches thick enough to stand
out straight but still flexible and scraped off the thorns to
make handles. I got back on the horse and galloped back to the
house.
    They were sitting on the couch naked and drinking beer. I
said, "Your dicks are soft but not for long. I want you to whip
me with these." I handed the vines to them and Mike wince when he
grabbed it too high to stick his hand.
    He said, "Jesus, Baby. These are going to scratch your hide
off."
    "No they won't. Not if you hit me square without dragging
them. I'll get ready. Come in when I call you."
    I went into the rec room and got on a chair to snap my wrist
cuffs onto the chandelier. I moved the chair back to the wall
then stretched up to hold onto the cuffs as I spread my legs to
increase the stretch.
    Just the preparation got me so excited I was trembling then I
yelled, "I am ready."
    They came in holding the vines and stared at me, "Kyle said,
"God. You are so beautiful! No matter how many times I see you
stretched that way it will always excite me."
    His dick began to lengthen to prove what he said then Mike
said, "How many times should we hit you?"
    "I don't know. Just hit me until I let go of the cuffs to let
you know I am ready to fuck."
    The got on each side of me then began hitting my butt and
thighs. the needles of the little thorns left a tingling after I
was hit. They could tell it was not hurting me badly since I
didn't flinch away as excitement continued to rise until I
moaned, "Oh God! Hit my front."
    The needles began covering me rfrom my boobs to my pussy and
excitement leaped to culminate in a massive orgasm when Kyle hit
both nipples while Mike brought his vine up from the floor to
sink into my gash and hit my clit.
    I let go of the ropes to grab his shoulders and wrap my legs
around his butt while he directed his dick into my slit. Then
kyle jammed his dick into my ass to bring on another climax then
more until they came and their softening dicks slid out of me.
    Mike carried me over to the couch to let me lie down then
said, "You were right. It just turned you red like you got into
poison ivy but you aren't bleeding."
    Kyle said, "God. You were awesome. You got so excited pussy
juice was leaking out of your pussy."
    "Oh yes. I have been wanting the crashing orgasms."
    From then on there was no pretense of my needing punishment.
They began making me suck them just to have the excitement of
being whipped. Fortuneately they didn't make them worse to scar
me although I don't think I would have cared until later. xray
     
    By the time Mom and Sam returned I had resigned myself to my
fate and even began enjoying giving blow-jobs just to see the
excitement on their faces while I was doing it. Even when they
decided it would be fun to watch Sonia and I do a 69 I didn't
protest remembering how great her tongue felt on my clit.
    When Mom and Sam came back the whole back seat of their car
was full of packages. She was wearing a little dress that showed
off her boobs with the skirt barely covering her butt. She hugged
me and said, "Wait till you see all the things Sam bought me.
There are some things for you too!"
    We carried them in to put them on her bed but then Sam said,
"You can open them later. Right now I want to show the boys your
great tan."
    Mom went back to the living room and didn't protest when Sam
told her to take off her clothes. When she was naked she turned
slowly to show her tan skin with no tan lines.
    Mike said, "Well she sure isn't bashful anymore. Where were
you to let her tan naked?"
    Sam said, "I found a nude beach. She is used to being naked.
I took her to nude bars and told the managers she would dance for
them free. They were more than happy to let her. She even made us
some money doing couch dances."
    Kevin asked what a couch dance was and Sam explained Mom
would rub her nude body against customers seated on a couch for
twenty dollars.
    Mom was embarrassed and told me she wouldn't have done it if
Sam hadn't whipped her for refusing. Sam grinned and said, "She
is getting used to that too.In her last dance she took a whip
onstage with her and whipped herself n time with the music. The
customers loved it. She got over a hundred dollars in tips. They
thought it was a fake whip until welts started showing."
    I said, "Oh wow Mom. That must have been really exciting!"
    She looked at me funny then said, "Have the boys whipped
you?"
    "Oh yes! I know it is exciting if it isn't too hard."
    Sam said, "Really! You girls go unpack while we compare
notes."
    Mom and I both blushed knowing our secrets would be revealed
and went into the bedroom. Mom hugged me and I am ashamed to
admit her nude body excited me since it reminded me of Sonia. She
said, "Oh God, Baby. I got us into a strange thing. I didn't know
Sam could be so mean. Have the boys been mean to you?"
    "I would have thought so a year ago but now It just excites
me unless it is too bad."
    "Oh God. We are just alike. Sometimes I even ask Sam to whip
me since just sex alone doesn't excite me as much anymore."
    "Yeah I know what you mean!"
    "Well I don't want to dwell on that. It will make me feel
guilty. Let's look at our stuff."
    We began opening packages to show pretty dresses, tiny
halters and short-shorts and lingerie. I opened a heavy box and
saw it was full of whips. Some looked as bad as the one at the
bunkhouse. Mom pulled out a twin to the one they had used to try
to make me confess and said, "This would really hurt! Sam
promised me he wouldn't use it on me unless I was really bad."
    I was ashamed to admit that even that had given me an orgasm
and reached in the box to pull out a whip that didn't look bad at
all. It just had a bunch of leather boot strings about ten
iinches long coming out of a handle. I said, "This doesn't look
as if it would hurt bad at all."
    "Well it probably wouldn't on your ass but he used it on my
pussy and it hurt really bad."
    I said doubtfully, "Really?" as I compared it to the switches
and whips used on mine."
    "Yes Really! And to make it worse He made me hold my pussy
lips open with my thumbs so he could hit the tender inner lips
and my clit!"
    That made me respect her. I said, "Oh that took a lot of
courage. You must be really brave."
    "Not really. He said if I didn't do it he would use this." At
that she held up the twin to the cowboys whip and continued, "I
know this would have cut my pussy to shreds."
    "No it wouldn't. The knots on the ends keep it from cutting
but it leaves bad bruises."
    She loked shocked and said, "How do you know?"
    I told her how the boys had made my fantasy of being a brave
heroine true but to keep her from thinking I was totally crazy I
said, "It was really exciting to be stripped and hung up. Even
the whipping when I started to get numb became exciting."
    "Oh God I know. I was really embarrassed the first time he
made me dance naked but the cheers and the sexually hungry look
on the men's faces made me feel proud and excited so I was glad
to do it some more. My whip dance came about because one night he
had me dance for him while he lightly whipped me. He made it more
exciting by telling me to close my eyes and imagine the men at
the bar was whipping me. When I did the dance at the bar it was
the men whipping me rather than myself and it made me so excited
I hit harder and harder until I left welts and bruises so bad he
couldn't show me off for a few days. That bugged him and he put
alligator clamps on my nipples and clit to wear until he came
from my blowing him.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





