BDSM Library - Librarian's Bondage




Librarian's Bondage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The young librarian found two senior students were watching some bondage video. She couldn't help to imagine she was in the movie. She didn't realize that her wish soon became true.
**************************************************************************
WARNING: The following is a work of fiction depicting adult concepts
of sex and sexuality including BDSM and non-concentual sex. It is
being presented here on the understanding that this is an adults-only
(18+) forum and is not intended to be viewed by minors or anybody who
might be offended by the type of material presented. If you believe
you are either (a) not old enough (b) not mature enough (c) a minister
of any religous faith (d) a believer in any religous faith [Satanists
excepted] (e) a person who can't remember the days when sex was safe
and football wasn't, or (f) a web-tv user, you should not read any
further. You have been warned and the author takes no more
responsibility for your welfare.
**************************************************************************

=======================================================
This story was originally composed on an Atari computer and has been
converted for viewing on the net. While all care has been taken to
correct the formatting, less was taken with spelling and gramatical
errors. It is being presented "as is" in the hope that you might enjoy
reading it anyway. Comments may be sent to zawackyj@hotmail.com
=======================================================

Librarian's Bondage




Librarian's Bondage - Chapter One
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 'What have you two boys got there?' the young blonde librarian said. She
stood with her hands on her hips staring at the two senior class boys.

The two boys looked startled; as if they'd been caught doing something
they shouldn't.

'Jeremy...what's that you were watching?' she said, reaching for the video
remote.

'Nothing, Miss Martins!' the boy said. He jumped forward to grab the
remote. His face reddened as he reluctantly take the small, black
controller from him.

'Shouldn't you boys be back in class? The bell went five minutes ago,' she
said. She eyed them suspisciously. 'Take off those headphones, Clive!'

The overweight boy pulled the headset off and ran his fingers defiantly
through his coarse, brown hair.

'Let's see what rubbish you were watching!'

The young librarian moved between the boys and stood infront of the
viewing booth and aimed the remote at the video player. The two boys
leaned back in their chairs and smirked as the machine whirred to life and
the screen flickered with a grainy picture.

'It's research...for a history project,' Jeremy grinned.

The nieve librarian blushed as she stared at the screen. His voice didn't
register with her. She was transfixed at the sight of the picture on the
screen.

The bloodshot eyes of a young girl stared sadly out from the screen. The
camera panned back slowly revealing the leather gag strapped around her
mouth. She seemed to be pleading with someone out of shot, shaking her
head and obviously distressed.

The librarian's pulse quickened with shock as the film suddenly cut to a
full length shot of the girl. She was totally naked and her outstretched
arms were strapped to a long, heavy looking metal pole.

The camera zoomed in on two muscular, leather hooded and half naked men
kneeling at her feet. They were chaining her ankles apart to hooks bolted
into the thick timber, upright posts that supported the metal cross bar to 
which she was strapped. Her toes wriggled about twelve inches above the
grey, stone floor.

'What's this! Where did you get it?' the librarian tried not to look at
the screen. 'It's for a project...' Jeremy said.

'Yeh...medieval history,' Clive laughed. 'Don't be ridiculous!' she
stuttered as strenly as she could. A nervous lump dried in her throat as
she watched the silent action on the screen. 'It's...it's pornographic. 
Where did you get it from?'

'Why Miss...do you want a copy?' Clive said. His voice was cocky with
insolence.

'No!' she shrieked nervously. 'I'm going to report you both to the
principal...now get back to your class!'

'I wouldn't do that, if I were you,' Jeremy said as he climbed defiantly
to his feet. The young librarian remained as calm as she could. She
glanced up at the threatening face of the teenager as he brushed past her, 
pushing his friend ahead.

'Have a good look at the movie before you make any hasty decisions...that
could be you on tv!' Clive grinned. He winked at her and strode
confidently ahead of Jeremy out of the library.

The young blonde librarian's knees trembled nervously as she watched the
boys disappear from the deserted library. She glanced at the flickering
screen on the tv. Clive's thinly veiled threat rang loudly in her ears. A 
sudden, hot flush came over her making her dizzy.

A tall woman in a leather, studded eye mask circled around the
defenseless, suspended girl. The camera followed her as she prowled 
around like a hungry wolf. She held a viscious looking leather whip with
long strands of knotted black leather in her strong hands. Her long black
hair shimmered in the artificially bright lights of the camera. The
librarian slipped into one of the booth chairs and pulled a set of
headphones over her silky, bobbed hair. She was totally enthralled by the
perverse scene being played out on the screen. The woman spoke in a 
harsh, clipped voice in a language she didn't recognise, and appeared to
be chastising the helpless girl for some reason.

The nieve young librarian wasn't sure whether they were actors on the
screen. Even though she couldn't understand what was being said, the
intensity suggested that the action was real, and not faked.

The masked woman stood menacingly behind the naked girl, lightly brushing
the whip tails over her small bottom. Her bum tensed in obvious fear at
the touch as if fortifying itself against a known danger. The camera 
zoomed in on the pristine whiteness of her soft flesh.

The librarian recoiled suddenly in her chair as she watched the old woman
raise the whip high in the air and bring it crashing down violently of
the defenseless girl's bottom. The loudness of the smack and the girls 
frantically twisting body made it obvious that the blow was real. Bright
red whelts appeared instantly on the previously unblemished skin of her
buttocks.

The masked woman grinned lecherously at the camera. Her green eyes flashed
with satisfaction behind the mask. She leaned close to the sobbing girl
and whispered in her ear. She seemed to be demanding something from her,
repeating herself sternly.

The young girl's eyes were filled with tears. Her pleas were muffled
behind the sadistic leather gag making reply to her interrogation 
impossible. The young librarian shifted her own bottom uneasily in her
chair as Clive's words echoed in her ears. Her bottom flushed warmly in
sudden sympathy with the young girl on the screen. She wondered about the 
seriousness of his threat and whether she should test it by reporting them
to the principal.

Strange thoughts swirled in her head. She looked closely at the older
woman on the screen and wondered who she was and why she was punishing
the young girl. The librarian found herself imagining being captured and 
punished by the sadistic woman. Her mind reeled with flashes of being
abducted and dragged unwillingly into some dungeon to be punished by the
evil, grinning old woman.

The camera moved off the masked woman and zoomed in the the young girl's
face. The librarian leaned forward to study her young features. Her eyes
lolled back in her head, as if she was turned on by the savage whack on
her bottom. The camera pulled back and revealed the real reason for her
apparent pleasure.

One of the muscular, hooded men was now totally naked and standing infront
of the suspended girl. The innocent librarian hadn't ever seen a man's
penis close up; the only time she'd ever had sex, she'd modestly avoided
staring. And the penis of that first encounter of hers was nothing like
what she was staring at on the screen.

The hooded man's penis was enormous; nearly three times the width of his
hand, with which he was eagerly masterbating. The librarian shivered as
she watched him rubbing his hand vigorously up and down the thick,
vain-filled shaft.

'Oh my god!' she gasped. She instinctively clamped her knees together as
the hooded man rubbed the bulburous, purple head of his penis against the
suspended girl's crotch. The film cut suddenly to a close-up of the fat
tip pressing against the outer folds of the young girl's vagina.

The young librarian suddenly glanced around the empty room. She heart lept
with an unexpected rush of feelings of both guilt and lewd excitement;
the musty smell of old books causing her to have vivid imaginings. She 
blushed and let her knees fall apart under the table.

The fat penis prodded at the young girl's wet vagina and slipped easily
between the soft folds of skin. It made a sort of raspy sound as it
pushed deep into her; the lightly haired outer lips stretching tautly to 
accommodate the huge girth of the meaty shaft of his penis.

 'Oh my!' the trembling librarian gasped. Her hands reached for the hem of
her navy skirt and she gently pulled it to the tops of her thighs. She
tried to keep her eyes on the action on the screen and sighed as her thin 
fingers gently caressed her inner thighs through the sheer blue gause of
her pantihose.

The librarian glanced again across the room at the entrance to her book
sanctuary. She felt safe that she wouldn't be disturbed as she gently
traced the outline of her brief undies which she wore over her pantihose.
Her body shivered with anxious excitement as she lightly rubbed her
tingling pussy through the layers of fabric.

The camera stayed glued to the long, glistening shaft of the hooded man's
penis. He slowly pistoned the stretched lips of the moaning girl's small
vagina, grunting with obvious pleasure himself. The librarian couldn't
believe that her small body could swallow such a huge thing.

Her pulse raced. She hooked her thumbs into the flimsy elastic of her
small, black briefs and revelled in the illicit excitement of quickly
stripping out of them in such a public place. She pulled them to her
ankles and, in her haste to remove them, knocked off her low heeled,
black leather court shoes. The plastic of the chair felt smooth and 
slippery against the sheerness of her pantihose. She lifted the back of
her skirt and trembled at the sensation of just the sheerest of gossamer
fabric between her bare bottom and the seat of the chair.

The librarian's long, slender fingers gently slipped between her legs in
search of her tingling clit. She lightly stroked her bushy blonde pubes
through the sheer fabric and sighed. The hairs on the back of her neck 
bristled as her body prickled with gooseflesh. The loud moaning in the 
headphones was driving her crazy with lust. She moaned herself and closed
her eyes as she teased her swollen clit through the front of her
pantihose. The crotch of her pantihose was dark and moist with her own
wetness. She charged her body with static electricity by rubbing her
stockinged feet on the nylon carpet.

 The librarian imagined herself as a shackled hostage. She slipped her
feet widely apart and shivered at the cold touch of the metal legs of the
video booth against the warm backs of her ankles. She pressed them against 
the shiny metal and fantasised that they were held there against her will.
Images of the chains around the suspended girl's ankles on the screen
flashed in her mind, making her moan loudly with uncontrolled pleasure.

The sighing young blonde librarian's eyes opened deliriously. Her body
tensed as a small orgasm rippled through her veins. She pointed her toes
and fought the imaginary forces that held them apart. She closed her eyes
again, but suddenly opened them again when she realised someone was
approaching.

'Do you want a lift home, Brigit?'




Librarian Bondage Chapter Two
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 'What!?' Brigit stuttered. The blushing librarian quickly clamped her
legs together and discreetly pulled the front of her skirt modestly down
to her knees.

'I said...do you want a lift home this afternoon!' the sport teacher's
face beamed in a broad grin as he approached.

'Oh...no thanks, Adrian...I think I'll get the bus...I've got a few things
to tidy up here...' she said. Her voice was unsteady, unsure of whether
he'd seen anything. Her skirt was still bunched up behind her in the 
seat, now impossible to straighten without the overweight sport teacher
noticing.

'What are you watching?' he asked casually.

'Nothing!' Brigit blurted loudly. She pounced on the remote and fumbled
for the stop button. Adrian was a little startled by her response. He
leaned on the front of the booth and looked curiously over the back of the
tv at her.

'Are you ok?' he asked. He seemed concerned.

'Mmmm...just one of those days,' she said. The young librarian was almost
visably shaking with guilt. She took a deep breath and tried to calm
herself.

'You sure?' he frowned.

'Yes...I'm sure!' she smiled, more confident that he didn't suspect
anything. She combed her fingers through her silky, bobbed hair.

'Ok...I'll see you Monday, then...' he smiled and turned to walk away.
Brigit's clit tingled excitedly as a sudden rush of wild thoughts raced
through her mind. She couldn't stop herself fantasising about having him 
catch her. The more her rational thoughts hoped he wouldn't look under the
booth, the stronger the desire for him to do just that, became.

'Yes...see you Monday, Adrian...' she said, frantically searching for some
reason to delay his departure. 'Adrian!'

'Yes?' he turned back.

Brigit's stomach churned with nerves. 'Do you know anything about that
project on medieval history the seniors are doing?' The words nearly
froze in the young librarian's throat.

'Not really...' he was thoughtful. 'But you'll never guess what some of
the boys made in the manual arts class today!'

'What!?' Brigit asked hesitantly.

'A set of stocks!' he laughed loudly. He walked away leaving the
librarian's mind reeling with unanswered questions, laughing to himself
and shaking his head.

Brigit looked at her watch and was surprised to see that it was well after
five. She stared at the blackness of the television screen and
daydreamed. Her clit burned with unsatisfied anxiety and she couldn't
resist the urge to touch herself again; to release all the pent up sexual
excitement.

Images of the two men shackling the young girl in the video's ankles
swirled in her mind. She stretched out her feet until her ankles again
rested against the metal legs of the booth and imagined the two hooded men 
chaining them in place.

The shy, young librarian closed her eyes and pictured them groping at the
belt of her modest, navy coloured skirt. With her own hands, she fumbled
with the buckle and released it from around her waist. The large, plastic
buttons down the front of the skirt slipped in her sweaty fingers as she
roughly picked at them.

'Oh no...please don't!' she mumbled to herself. She arched her back,
pulled the crumpled skirt out from behind her back and threw it over into
the book racks.

Brigit gently groped the insides of her thighs as she imagined the violent
woman from the movie confronting her. Her mind raced from thoughts of the
woman roughly ripping open the front of her white cotton blouse like a
maniac, to thoughts of the two men holding her arms while the dominant
woman gently picked at the buttons. She leaned back in the plastic chair
and sighed as her fingers opened the front of her blouse with deliberate
and teasing slowness. Her nipples tingled and shrunk to hard lumps under
her white, lace bra as the cool, air conditioned air of the library came
into contact with the warm soft flesh of her large, firm breasts.

'Mmmm...oh no...not all the way off!' she cajoled herself, slipping the
blouse off her arms and letting it drop to the floor behind her chair.

The half naked librarian squirmed against her imaginery restraints and
pinched her swollen nipples through the sheer lace of her bra. She
watched the way the rubbery tips strained on the transparent fabric,
springing straight out like stiff cherries everytime she released her
grip on them.

The flashing, green eyes of the masked woman appeared every time she
closed her eyes. They mesmerised her, willing her to take hold of the
elastic straps of her bra and pull them apart until, with a quiet tearing
sound, they broke free of the dainty, half moon cups that propped up her
boobs.

'Oh no!' she whispered to herself. She imagined it was the hooded men
tearing at her bra. She bent forward and rested her head on the booth as
if being forced so the men could unclip her tattered bra. Her breasts
dropped loose as the elastic strap sprang open in her hands.

Brigit tossed her ruined bra over the booth behind and moaned quietly. She
cupped one of her soft breasts with one hand while she burried the other
into her sopping wet crotch and masterbated energetically. She pressed
her heels into the carpet and arched her back, thrusting her wanton pussy
up at her hand.

Everytime the young blonde closed her eyes, her mind filled with swirling
faces of her imagined attackers. Her ears throbbed with confused,
gibberish sounds, like voices inside willing her to do things against her 
will. They told her to lie on the floor, and she slipped from the plastic
chair and rolled onto her back on the scratchy carpet.

The librarian writhed on the carpet as she fondled her nearly naked body.
She rubbed her hands over her hips and rolled the top of her pantihose
into a ball around her thighs. The coarse fibre of the carpet scratched
the sensitive skin on her soft bottom as she lay on her back and lifted
her legs straight into the air.

Brigit looked up at her dainty feet. The bright red of the polish on her
toenails sparkled through the sheer, dark gause of the pantihose. She
pressed her palms against her thighs and sensuously rolled the wet 
pantihose down over her knees. She shivered as the smooth fabric gathered
around her ankles, making the sensation of being bound more real in her
mind.

The almost naked librarian closed her eyes and groped her wet pussy. She
moaned as her fingers poked roughly into her velvety, moist hole. Her
fingers squealched as she stirred the milky bubble of cum in her excited
twat, masterbating with uncontrollable abandon. She wriggled her feet and
jerked her legs against the pantihose puddled around her ankles and 
trembled with the pleasure of the restriction of her movements. Her clit
throbbed; the swollen, blood-filled lump fully distended and exposed
beyond it's unfurled, protective hood. The friction of the palm of her
hand electrified every sensitive nerve ending of her excitement
barometer.

'I see you've been watching our movie!'

The nude librarian's heart stopped. Her eyes popped open and she was, for
a second, frozen with fear. She looked up at the grinning faces of Clive
and Jeremy standing either side of her raised legs and staring at her 
fingers burried in her slurping pussy.

'Argh!' she tried to scream, but she was so scared that the gargled noise
evaporated in her throat. She tried to pull her feet away and escape, but
they were ready for that and Jeremy grabbed the pantihose between her 
ankles and twisted it.

'Don't stop on account of us!' Clive laughed.

Brigit frantically twisted her body trying to roll free of Jeremy's grip,
but he had her trapped. The flimsy gossamer of her pantihose was as
strong as steel when it was rolled up like it was, and when the grinning
teenager twisted it, it pulled tight above her ankles making it
impossible for her to slip her feet free. 'Please! I'll give it back...I
won't tell anyone!' Brigit grovelled on her back. She modestly covered
her breasts and panted breathlessly. Her face and neck flushed bright red
with embarassment as the realisation of her situation sank in.

'We know you're not going to tell anyone, but we're going to make sure!'
Clive laughed.

'Oh please! Don't kill me!' she started to sob.

'We're not going to kill you, you idiot! Why would we want to kill you?
There'd be no fun in that!' Jeremy held her ankles securely and tickled
the soles of her feet through the sheer pantihose with his free hand.

Brigit was too numb with fear to giggle, though normally she was quite
ticklish. She wriggled her toes with displeasure at the touch of his
circling fingertip as she watched them carefully.

When Jeremy realised she was too nervous to be affected by his tickling,
he gripped her calves under his arm and doubled the pantihose tautly
around her ankles, locking them tightly together.

'Ok...up you get,' he said, dropping her feet to the floor.

Brigit lay defensively on the floor. She quickly covered her large, hairy
pubic mound modestly and her naked breasts with her hands. She tensed in
fear as both boys reached down and grabbed her by the wrists and dragged
reluctantly to her feet.

'Please! I promise I won't tell anyone if you let me go!' she whimpered.

'Why should we be worried about you talking to anyone!' Clive looked her
in the eye and laughed uproariously. 'We're not the ones who were lying
on the library floor in the nude, masterbating!'

Brigit's heart sank as she realised thetruth of his words. She felt
ashamed and angry with herself. They would be able to blackmail her 
forever, she thought. She'd never be able to do or say anything against
them again, for fear of the humiliation that even their accusation might
cause her.

'I'll scream!' she mumbled. Her words rang hollow and unconvincing.

'Scream all you like...nobody's going to hear you...the building's
deserted!' Jeremy smirked. They held her under the arms and dragged her
over between the rows of bookshelves.

'Wh...what are you going to do to me?' the scared young blonde stammered.
She struggled as they pulled her arms away from her body and bound her
wrists with pieces of soft, red and white nautical rope. She watched 
helplessly as the wrapped each of her thin wrists several times with the
rope and knotted them securely.

'Do you like that, Miss Martens?' Jeremy said deviously. 'Just like in
your favorite movie!'

'No...please don't! I'll do what you want ...anything!' she pleaded.

'This is what we want, you silly bitch,' Clive said. He pushed some books
to the side and looped one of the loose ends of the rope around a shelf
support above her head. He waited for Jeremy to pull her other arm out to
the other side of the aisle and, together, the pulled the ropes tightly
until she groaned in pain. They tied off the ends and stood back to
admire their handiwork.

The naked librarian stood on the tips of her toes to try and relieve the
pressure on the ropes biting into the delicate skin of her wrists. Her
blonde fringe hung untidily in her eyes and she groaned in discomfort. She 
glanced down her naked, stretched body and was surprised to notice that
her pink nipples were shrivelled and hard with perverse excitement.

'So...you liked the movie...turn you on, did it?' Clive stood toe to toe
with her and stared into her sparkling, blue eyes.

Brigit swallowed the hard lump of nerves in her throat and averted her
eyes. She scanned the titles of the books in the shelf trying to distract
herself. 'Who did you identify with in the movie...was it...the old
woman?' he smirked. Brigit trembled and remained silent. 'No, I didn't 
think so,' he laughed.

'No...we knew you'd love the movie. You're always so prim and
proper...those glasses you normally wear don't fool anyone,' Clive slowly
walked around her. He stared at her nakedness from behind and resisted the 
temptation to fuck her there and then. 'It's a well known fact, you
know...'

Brigit closed her eyes and shivered as he lightly traced the outline of
her ribs and waist with his fingers. Her pulse raced and her skin rippled
with goosebumps. She squirmed and tried not to laugh when he pressed his
knuckles into the sides of her ribs.

'What well known fact?' she stammered. She tried to distract him from
tickling her ribs.

'You shy girls...you're not as innocent as you pretend,' he said with
authority.

'I...don't know what...you're talking ...about!' she grimmaced. A faint
giggled rattled in the pit of her stomach and bubbled up her throat. She
bit her lower lip and twisted her strung up body away from his needling
fingers.

'Don't deny it! You dream about being taken roughly, don't you? You
fantasize about being held down and gang banged!' Clive ranted. His voice
was quietly persuasive.

The naked, trussed librarian tried to ignore him. She shook her head
meekly, hoping he couldn't see through her unconvincing act of purity.
She glanced to the end of the aisle between the bookshelves and noticed
Jeremy returning with a tripod and one of the library's video cameras.

'What are you going to do with that!' she mumbled. She was suddenly
alarmed that they intended to film her torment. They'd have proof, she
thought. Jeremy grinned and set the camera on the tripod and busied
himself with getting it rolling.




Librarian Bondage Chapter Three
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 'How are you going there, Jeremy?' Clive asked.

'Just about done, Clive...let's go,' Jeremy grinned. Brigit thought he
meant filming, but instead, the two teenagers walked away from her,
leaving her naked and vunerable and alone.

The naked librarian waited for a couple of minutes. She wasn't sure what
they were doing, or where they had gone, but she took the opportunity to
try and escape. She groaned in pain as she frantically twisted her hands
trying to reach the tight knots of the ropes around her wrists. Her
fingers, though long and slender could not reach them and she eventually
had to give up, fearing damage to her wrists.

Brigit twisted her head and listened carefully for their return. Her
thoughts drifted to the lurid suggestions made by Clive about her
fantasies. She tried to convince herself that he was wrong, but every 
time she closed her eyes, the tingling between her legs led her to believe 
otherwise.

She thought about what he said about her wanting to be gang-banged. She'd
never even hear the term before, but she started imagining how and where
it might happen. Her mind reeled with questions about what sort of people
would like to do that to her. The only faces she could imagine in any gang
situation were the faces of the dilinquents she often had to share the
bus home with after school.

Brigit had always ignored the rowdy youths on her bus. She had always
found their language and behavior intollerable. But now she imagined
herself on the bus, walking defiantly past them and brazenly sitting in 
the back seat. She knew the back seat was out-of-bounds for all except
gang members.

Though she paid no conscious attention to the teenage pecking order
disputes on the bus, she was aware that people who carelessly breeched
that silent code were harshly dealt with. And the drivers these days were
too worried for their own physical well-being to involve themselves by
intervening when trouble did occur.

 Brigit pictured herself striding to the back seat. She could feel the
wild eyes immediately on her as she sat herself in the centre of the back
seat. A deathly silence fell over the youths as they sized her up with
their scowling stares. Strangely, she saw herself all in white, as if 
subconsciously challenging the youths, in regulation black shirts and
jeans, on the code of dress.

One thing the young blonde librarian was aware of with regard to the pack
structures of youths, something she'd noticed even at her own school, was
the roles played by girls attached to the gangs. They often did the dirty
work for their male peers, and were cunning, viscious and unpredictable.

It was two girls, dressed all in black and with bad make-up, that made the
first approach. They casually walked up the aisle of the bus and stared
accusingly at her. Her stomach churned with nerves as she imagined her
supressed fear of the confrontation.

Brigit imagined her large, canvas shoulder bag sitting temptingly on her
lap like bait. But instead of carrying books, as was usual, it was filled
with nothing but chains and padlocks and a leather whip like the one 
she'd seen in the movie.

The pretty librarian visualised one of the girls suddenly snatching the
bag from her lap. She attempts to stop them, but they push her roughly
back into the seat. The secretaries and business men seated at the front
of the bus remain oblivious to the fuss at the back of the bus. They
remain engrossed in their newspapers and paperbacks.

Brigit's mind swirls as the drama unfolds silently in her thoughts. The
girl opens the canvas bag and is angry at the absence of money, but
intrigued by the chains and locks. The young librarian stands and tries to
push past the girls to escape, but they block her path.

Others leap to their feet behind her, and in a flash, she's surrounded by
a sea of pimpled, lecherous faces. She feels their hands all grasping
roughly at her clean, white dress. They make no attempt to avoid tearing
it, and it flies off her struggling body in shreads.

Brigit cries out for help, but the incessant thumping of loud, obnoxious
music masks her weak voice. Her arms are held behind her back by unseen
teenagers, forcing her large breasts provocatively forward at one of the 
leering girls and her ankles are held by others to prevent her kicking out
in defence.

The trembling librarian watches helplessly as the ugly girl reaches
forward and hooks her dirty fingers into the flimsy elastic waist band of
her white, lace undies. She feels other fingers gripping the undies from
behind and together, they slowly pull them up painfully between her legs
until they ride up uncomfortably into her crack.

The gang of teenagers laugh as she's lifted off the ground with the
delicate lace between her legs. Her soft, white bum cheeks wobble either
side of the stretched undies and her clit chaffs at the front as they
bounce and shake her until the fabric suddenly rips in half and drops her
feet back on the floor.

Brigit struggles without success to free her hands so she can rub her
burning clit. She shakes her head frantically as her best bra is suddenly
ripped from her body exposing her full breasts to their hungry eyes. Their 
dirty hands grope her nakedness, poking and pinching every inch of her
exposed, vunerable skin until it's marked red with their fingermarks.

'So...you want to sit in the back seat?' the girl asks. Her voice is
filled with menace.

The naked librarian imagines them turning her to face the back seat of the
bus. Her eyes bulge with excited fear as she sees the hooded man from the
movie sitting in the back seat massaging his huge, erect penis. The 
teenagers take chains from her bag and hold her hands over her head and
shackle them to the metal handrails on the roof of the bus.

The hooded man smiles at her as her ankles are lifted and spread so they
can be chained to the backs of the seats in the second back row of the
bus. He slips her low heeled, lack shoes off her feet and tosses them out
the window of the moving bus.

 Brigit trembles as the hooded man stands between her widely spread legs
and fingers her wet pussy. She stares down at his large, thick index
finger disappearing into her blonde pubic hair and feels her smooth, soft 
hole contract and juice up around it. She blushes with shame as he
withdraws it and holds it up for the teenagers to laugh at her 
uncontrollable mini-orgasm.

The hooded man grins at her and takes the whip that someone has handed
him. He brushes the long strands of black leather over her spread inner
thighs and lets it feather against her gaping, unfurled pussy. She 
shudders at the touch of the leather and arches her back trying to escape.
She stares at his enormous, blood engorged penis bobbing lewd and erect
from his crotch.

Brigit trembles as he passes the whip back to someone behind her and says
he wants to see her whipped. She begs him for mercy as he sits again and
waits excitedly for the whipping to commence. He masterbates vigorously
as the first stinging blow lands on her quivering arse cheeks.

The suspended librarian's naked body contorts in pain as her soft skin
burns with the harsh lash of the whip. She clenches her fists and toes
and jerks herself frantically against the restraints. Her struggles excite
him and cause him to wank faster as the next blow lands painfully under
her bottom. The long, thin strands of leather flick randomly across her
spread pussy causing her to shriek in pain.

Brigit imagines Jeremy and Clive suddenly in the picture. They're sitting
either side of the hooded man where they can tickle the soles of her
helpless feet. They tell her that all she has to do to get away is giggle.

'I can't!' she groaned. It seemed that everyone around her had whips and
they began flailing her body indiscriminately. She buckled and screamed
as her hapless pussy and sentitive tits were whipped raw. She wanted the
hooded man to poke her hot cunt with his huge cock, like she'd seen in the
movie, but he just grinned sadistically and continued masterbating
wildly.

'Are you coming yet, Miss Martins?' Clive's voice echoed loudly in her
ears.

'No...not yet!' she moaned. She felt the ache in her arms from their
uncomfortable bound position and her legs felt sore, as if they might
cramp at any moment. 'Oh yes...touch me!' she sighed.

The hooded man stood between her widely spread legs and tapped the
bulburous head of his leaking penis against her sticky twat. Her hips
gyrated instinctively, trying to hurry him into action. Her clit throbbed
with unreleased satisfaction as he teased her.

'We'll touch you when we're good and ready!' Clive said.

Brigit suddenly opened her eyes and shrieked as Clive slapped her bare
bottom with his hand. She blushed with embarrassment as she realised that
Clive and Jeremy had returned and caught her daydreaming. Her pussy 
throbbed excitedly, burning with an almost uncontrollable urge to be
touched.

'Sorry to keep you...but we see you amused yourself in our absence!'
Jeremy joked. 'We'll let you go soon...but first we want you to do
something...'

Brigit eyed him suspisciously.

'When I untie you, you're to do everything I tell you...without question.
Is that understood?' Clive asked seriously.

The naked librarian briefly considered her lack of options, then nodded
meekly.

'Without question...' he stressed the words.

'Yes...I promise...' she said. Her voice was faint and shaky. She watched
as he quickly untied the knots from around her wrists.

Brigit balanced precariously, leaning on Clive's shoulders as he cut the
pantihose from her ankles with a small, pearl handled pocket knife. She
wanted to collapse with exhaustion and rubbed the blood circulation back
into her chaffed wrists with her hands.

'Ok...this is what we want you to do...'




Librarian Bondage Chapter Four
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 'Firstly...sit on the floor...lean back on your hands and spread your
legs...' Jeremy took up position and readied the camera.

The totally naked blonde librarian cautiously sat on the floor and moved
herself into a reclining seated position. The coarse fibre of the carpet
tickled her sensitive anus, making her feel awkward and uncomfortable.

'That's good...just bend your knees up a bit more...' Jeremy said,
adjusting the focus of the lens. 'And no matter what...smile!'

Brigit shivered at the hint to the ominous of his remark. She shook the
blonde fringe from her eyes and smiled faintly, curling her toes up as
she waited for the next instruction.

'Ok...scene one...' Clive said. He stood behind Jeremy and held up a sheet
of white cardboard for her to read.

'Um...I can't read that very well...' she said apologetically. 'I need my
glasses...'

'Shit!' Clive cursed. He dropped the sheet and glared at her.

'Sorry...it's not my fault...I need them for distance vision...' her voice
trailed off.

'Where are they?' he asked curtly. She told him and he rushed off to fetch
them.

Brigit nervously took the tortise shell frames from Clive and perched them
on her fine nose. She brushed her hair back and waited for him to hold up
the sheet again. She read for a moment silently.

'Act normal!' Jeremy laughed to himself at the silliness of his request as
he switched on the record button of the camera and waited.

'No! No! No!' Jeremy stopped the camera and stood to face her directly.
'Just pretend you're speaking to us casually...telling us alittle about
yourself. Don't act like you're reading it...you know...like the news
readers reading the teleprompters just off screen!'

Brigit's bare bottom squirmed uncomfortably on the itchy carpet.
'Hello...my name is Brigit Martins...um...I'm twenty six years old...and
I'm a librarian...'

'She looks just like one, too, in those glasses!' Jeremy whispered to
Clive. He smirked and moved onto the next prompt sheet.

'Um...I'm alone here with all my books...and I'm feeling lonely...' she
frowned at the corniness of the script. 'I don't have a boyfriend to go
home to...satisfy my horniness...' she stumbled over the word she would
never use herself '...here in my library...'

Clive wrestled with the next sheet.

'Um...I wish you could be here with me...we could have a party...and play
games...I've already been playing one of my favorite games ...strip
poker...as you can see...I lost...I always lose that game. I love to play
it with lots of people watching...so they can watch me slowly betting
away all my clothes...'

Brigit's nipples tingled with the mental images that vividly flashed into
her mind as she read the words. She cleared her dry throat as Clive held
up the next sheet.

'...I never know when to stop...I get all fired up with excitement as I
think about which items of clothing to bet first...all the men I play
with get turned on by watch me agonise over my betting...they always
win...'

Clive grappled with loose sheets of card.

'...they always win...because they have so many items of clothing to
remove...by the time they've removed their jackets, ties, pocket
kerchiefs and cufflinks...one at a time...I'm already totally
naked...that's one of the rules...I have to start the game wearing no
more than five items...'

Brigit felt the cool, conditioned air of the library caressing her inner
pussy lips which glistened hotly behind her unfurled slit flaps. She
licked her lips discreetly and curled up her toes as she waited anxiously 
for the next page of the exciting fantasy story.

'...but that's not the best rule...my favorite is that everyone has to
keep betting...including me, until one of the men is naked...even though
I'm usually the first one stripped...this is where the audience gets
really excited...because after I lose all my clothes...the other players
take turns to decide what I will be betting for on each deal of the
cards...'

Clive shuffled the white cards and held the next one steady for her to
read.

'...sometimes they're simple tasks...like fetch the drinks...and I have to
run the gauntlet through the people watching and serve drinks...and
sometimes they might make me lie on the table infront of everyone and 
masterbate...I love that...but what really turns me on is when they want
to really be nasty...like...'

'Ok...cut!' Jeremy sounded like a real movie director. 'Stay there,
Brigit...'

Brigit's clit tingled excitedly. She watched Clive rummage around in a
large cardboard box behind Jeremy, searching for something. He pulled out
a length of rusty old chain and dropped it noisily on the carpeted floor.
He also emptied some metal bracelets and a strange looking thick leather
belt.

'What are those for?' she mumbled nervously.

'You'll find out,' he said. He walked over to her and kneeled between her
legs, which she pulled defensively up to her chest. 'Hold still!'

Brigit let him clip the hinged, metal rings around her ankles then linked
them with the twelve inch long, heavy link chain by padlocking each end
to the manacles around her ankles.

'Stand up,' he said. He waited for her to climp to her feet, then wrapped
the leather belt snugly around her waist and buckled it behind her back.
He held her wrists at her sides and strapped them to the belt with thick,
leather bands which he locked secure with smaller padlocks.

Brigit shuffled her shackled feet nervously on the carpet. The chain
between her ankles was as heavy as lead and rattled when she moved. Her
hands were immobilised at her sides. 'Ok, Brigit...when Jeremy returns
with the stool, you're to walk around it until your back's to the camera.
Sit, then swivel around to give your next lines to the camera...ok?'

Brigit nodded. She nervously waited for Jeremy to return with the small,
round top swivel stool. She watched as he placed it behind her then
waited for him to return to the camera.

'Don't forget to smile...' he said.

The shackled librarian smiled weakly at the camera then turned to the
stool. She cautiously walked around it as instructed then, carefully
bending her knees, lowered her bottom onto the cloth seat.

'Argh! What's that!' she grumbled. Something blunt and pointed poked her
pussy as she started to rest her weight on the stool. The trembling
blonde stood and turned to face the camera.

'Sit!' Clive called from behind the camera.

'It's not going to hurt, is it?' she stuttered. She stared warily at the
glint of gold in the centre of the seat beneath the fabric covering.

Jeremy and Clive nudged each other and smirked when she turned her back.
Jeremy focused the lens on her bottom as it cautiously neared the seat.

Brigit stretched her feet to the ends of the chain for balance as she
gingerly sat her bottom on the padded seat. She shifted her hips to
position her leaking pussy over the centre of the seat and, grimacing,
slowly rested her weight on the seat.

Jeremy grinned as he watched the sprung loaded seat slowly sink down the
customised centre pole of the swivel stool. The camera zoomed in on the
crack in her bum, capturing the vision of the domed, gold shaft sinking 
into her pussy.

Brigit clenched her eyes and bit her lower lip as she felt the thick,
greasy shaft slipping into her moist hole. She squeezed her thighs with
her fingers and curled her toes up off the carpet as the seat sank about 
seven inches, filling her cavity with the smooth pole, before coming to a
stop.

'Turn around!' Clive called.

The naked blonde carefully shuffled her feet until she faced the camera.
She blinked her tear filled eyes behind her glasses and tried to
concentrate on Clive's prompt sheets.

'Oh...ow!' she moaned uncomfortably. '...as you can see...I...I'm in an
awkward position from which there's no escape...I'm on the fucking
stool...my masters have forced me to sit here...and wait...to serve
them...' the words dried in her throat as she read them.

Brigit looked with forelorn past the camera at Jeremy and Clive who were
stripping out of their clothes. The slipped on balaclavas and moved to
stand next to the trembling, impaled librarian. She stared at their
bouncing, stiff penises as they approached.

Jeremy smiled at her as Clive stood behind her and turned her to face his
friend. Brigit struggled helplessly as her head was held for Jeremy to
poke his leaking cock in her face.

'Oh please...I've never done that...' she mumbled. She clenched her lips
defensively.

Clive kneeled behind her shapely bottom and grinned at the camera. He
wrapped his arms around her restrained forearms and fondled her breasts,
wrapping her in a gentle bear hug. He squeezed her stiff nipples, twisting 
them painfully until she was forced to open her mouth and accept Jeremy's
eager cock.

The tortured librarian's eyes bulged tearfully as his salty cock glided
over her soft tongue. She moaned in protest and panted breathlessly
through her nose as he slowly fucked her defenseless mouth.

Clive slipped a finger between her overhanging arse cheeks and tickled her 
squeamish anus. He could feel the tiny ring puckering fearfully, flinching
at his annoying prodding. He scooped some white grease from under the
seat and smeared it on her tense ring.

'Here it comes, Brigit!' he whispered hotly into her ear. He embraced her
tightly and aimed his stiff cock up between her spread arse cheeks.

Brigit bounced up and down on the spring loaded seat as she tried to pull
her exposed anus away from his blindly prodding penis. She shrieked past
Jeremy's slowly pistoning cock and frantically tried to slip her bonds. 
The heavy chain rattled loudly against the metal base of the stool as she
vainly attempted to stand.

'That's it, Brigit...put on a good show! Show everyone how eager you arse
to have your holes stuffed with cocks!' Clive grunted. He found the
entrance to her bowel and hugged her tightly to hold her still. He crawled
as close as possible behind her on his knees and jerked his hips.

Brigit's eyes bulged suddenly. She gasped as Clives lumpy cock head
unexpectedly broke the seal of her spincter. She tried to relax her tense
bum muscles to avoid him damaging her delicate ring.

'That's a girl...just relax and imagine it's a turd in reverse...' Clive
grunted. He jerked his hips forward and groaned as her tight ring
stretched and slipped two thirds of the way onto his tingling cock.

Brigit tried to shake Jeremy's cock from her mouth so she could scream
properly. The sensitive skin of her spincter burned with the friction of
his penetration of her. She felt as if her body was leaking past his cock 
and shuddered with revulsion.

'This is your first time, isn't it?' he whispered reassuringly.

Brigit nodded. Her arse felt as if it had been speared with a branding
iron. She wondered what she was supposed to do and gently tensed her arse
muscles, tightening the grip of her ring on his cock shaft.

'Oh yes!' he gasped. He thrust his hips and drove the full length of his
cock into her resisting anus. Brigit nearly choked on Jeremy's cock as
she jumped forward onto it. She wanted to scream at him to stop, but her 
pleas were muffled by Jeremy's cock in her mouth. 'Don't panic,
Brigit...this pretty arse of yours could easily take something twice as 
big as me!' Clive burried his hand into her crotch and frigged her swollen
clit. 'Once you've had it like this, you'll never be fully satisfied
unless your sex is finished off with a hardy arse fucking. Once you're 
properly broken in, you'll be bending over for every big cock around!'

Brigit shivered at the possibility of truth in his words. She couldn't
imagine she'd ever enjoy being arse fucked. They'll have to force me, she
thought to herself. Just as she started to drift off into fantasy land,
she felt something hot and lumpy in her mouth.

It occurred to her all to late that Jeremy was emptying his spunk into her
mouth. She swallowed like crazy so as not to drown in the slimey, foul
tasting jism.


etc...clive pulls out at the last minute and comes on her back.




Librarian Bondage Chapter Five
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 'What's the time, Jeremy?' Clive asked.

'It's nearly nine...he'll be here soon. We have to get out of here!'
Jeremy said. The tall teenager busied himself with a video player in the
librarian's office, juggling wires and setting the timer.

'Do you like playing hide and seek?' Clive smiled at the naked librarian.

Brigit stared dumbly at him. 'Why?' she mumbled.

'You know Carl...the old cleaner? He'll be here at nine...' he grinned.

The dischevelled blonde twisted her hands nervously in the leather
restraints around her waist. 'You are going to let me go before he gets
here...aren't you?' she whispered. Her heart sank in her chest as she
realised his answer even before she finished the sentence. 'Oh no...you
wouldn't!'

'What do you think, Brigit...do you think he does a good job cleaning the
library...or is he a lazy bastard?' Clive stroked his chin. 'Do you think
he cleans around every nook and cranny of the tables and bookshelves...or 
does he cheat and just clean the obvious places?'

Brigit trembled as she pictured the grizzled old cleaner. She'd only ever
seen him a couple of times, and never spoken with him. Though she had
heard other teachers who had met him say they thought he was weird. He 
was German and liked to boast that if he was old enough during the war,
he'd have joined the nazi Secret Service. As it was, everyone assumed he
had been an active member of the Hitler Youth.

'You'd better start thinking of somewhere to hide...and start praying that
he's a lazy bastard!' Clive laughed. 'Are you ready yet, Jeremy?' he
called.

'Just about...just finishing up now...' he said. Brigit watched him
through the glass windows of her office as he rummaged through her desk
drawer and pulled out an envelope. 'What do you think of this?' he said.
He held up a sheet of her perfumed note paper which he'd found in her
desk and started reading; 'Dear Carl...I'm wondering if you could help 
me...I've got this German movie...' he held up the video cassette; 'and
I'm wondering if you could find the time to explain it to me...please
take it home and watch it...if you can help me...please let me know...I
look forward to hearing from you soon...Miss Brigit Martins...school
librarian...p.s...I'd be forever in your debt if you help!'

Clive laughed loudly. The blood rushed from Brigit's face as she stared
helplessly at Jeremy as he folded the note and sealed it in the envelope.
'Oh no!' she said faintly.

'You'd better go and hide, Brigit...he'll be here soon,' Clive slapped her
affectionately on the bottom and followed Jeremy out of the library.

The shackled librarian looked frantically around the room for somewhere to
hide. The chain between her ankles rattled noisily as she waddled as
quickly as she could along the rows of shelves to the back corner of the 
library. There was no escape; the only way out was through the front door,
which the teenagers had locked on their way out. Her only chance would be
to hide behind the shelves and try and avoid him.

Brigit's pulse raced nervously as she peered through a gap in the books at
the entrance of the library. Her bottom still ached from Clive's rough
sodomy of her and the dried cum on her back made her feel dirty all over.

Carl whistled an unknown tune as he approached the library along the
basement passage way. He rattled his keys in the lock and entered the
room, unaware of the naked librarian's presence. He wheeled his blue 
plastic rubbish trolley and vaccuum trolley into the room and casually
went about his work.

Brigit watched silently, moving along the shelves to keep him in view as
he moved about. Her heart thumped wildly in her chest as she spied on
him.

Carl was tall and muscular; his back surprisingly straight for a man his
age. His hair was neat and silver with age and his rugged face taut and
tanned. It was easy for her to imagine him as a young man; probably 
blonde and handsome.

The old cleaner wandered around the desks, spraying and wiping them with a
stained, yellow cloth. Brigit shuffled with her legs as wide as possible
to prevent the chain from rattling on the floor. She sneaked from shelf 
to shelf until she run out of hiding places. She leaned up against the
last row of shelves and peered around the corner at the cleaner.

Carl had his back to the shelves and was standing next to the borrowing
desk reading the note that Jeremy had written.

Brigit quickly pulled her head back, slumped against the cold, wooden end
of the shelf, and groaned to herself. He had found the video. All that
remained for her to know was whether he was curious enough to take it home 
and watch it.

Carl read the note and stared at the video on the desk. He glanced around
the room, pricking his ears as if he'd heard a noise. He left his spray
bottle and cleaning rag on the desk and took the video over to one of the
viewing booths and fiddled with the controls.

Brigit shuffled along the shelf until she could see Carl. She trembled
when she saw him sitting at a booth, wearing headphones and smiling at
the screen. 'Oh no!' she cursed under her breath. She couldn't see the 
screen, but she knew what he found so enthralling.

Carl watched the television for about five minutes then turned it off.
Brigit watched him as he ejected the video and walked back to his
cleaning trolley. She quickly straightened and turned herself sideways 
against the end of the shelves as he passed by the other end.

After he'd passed, Brigit cautiously peered through the books again to see
what he was doing.

Carl leaned back in the chair in the librarian's office and held the phone
to his ear.

The naked librarian could hear him speaking, but couldn't understand a
word of the German he spoke. He was holding the tape in the air and
waving it around, laughing. His conversation was peppered with her name
and she knew he was laughing and talking to someone about her. She closed
her eyes and shivered with dread.

Carl finished speaking and replaced the receiver of the phone. He looked
up at the glass entrance doors of the library and smiled.

Brigit looked around to see what had caught his attention and froze with
fear when she noticed her own reflection in the smoked glass doors. She
held her breath hoping he hadn't see her, but he turned to face the 
shelves and grinned broadly.

'Hello Brigit!' he said in a heavy German accent.

The blood froze in the naked librarian's veins. She gulped and stood
paralysed with fear. Her mind reeled with confusion.

'Come on...come out where I can see you,' he laughed. 'Don't be shy!'

The hapless librarian wanted to run and hide, but the shackles around her
ankles made escape impossible. She tried to imagine what he would do to
her when he saw that she was shackled and defenseless. Her heart pounded 
rapidly in her chest as she forced legs to move to reveal herself.

Carl's face was bright with excitement as he watched the naked blonde
reluctantly appear around the end of the bookshelf. He stood with his
hands on his hips and broke up laughing when he saw that her ankles and 
wrists were manacled.

'Come here!' he motioned her with his hands. He smiled broadly as he
watched her shuffle across the room towards him. He stared at her full
breasts quivering as she moved and at her hands, clenched in nervous fists
at her sides.

Brigit remained bravely silent. Her face and neck slowly burned and
blushed bright red with embarassment as she approached him with 
trepidation. The heavy weight of the chain and the hardness of the steel
bands around her ankles reinforced her feelings of vunerability.

'So...you like to play games?' Carl said. His voice was rich with tutonic
humour. 'I should like to play cards with you...'

Brigit stood meekly before him. She glanced up into his steely blue eyes
and realised that Jeremy had given him the video taken of her earlier in
the evening. She shrank with humiliation.

'Turn around...let me have a good look at you,' he smirked. 'Have you been
playing cards tonight?'

Brigit shook her head with shame. She slowly turned her back to him and
stared blankly at the far wall of the library.

'What?' he raised his voice with surprise. 'So...why are you here like
this?'

'I don't know...' she mumbled.

'Really? Maybe you have been waiting for me?' He eyed her bare bum,
looking closely at it's redness. 'Bend over...'

Brigit glanced over her shoulder. She looked at him timidly, wanting to
object, but she knew she had no alternative but to obey. Brigit knew she
was in no position to deny his demand, so she dropped her head ruefully 
and slowly bent at the waist in front of him.

'You have a delicious, fresh looking bottom for someone your age...' he
said. His spoke as though he was appraising a glass of wine. Brigit also
felt a tinge of feeling past her use-by date from the way he mentioned her 
age. 'So firm...and ripe...how many times have you had anal sex?'

The naked librarian blushed at the directness of his question. She
wondered what sort of answer he wanted to hear from her; should she say
plenty of times and pretend to be an authority. But her last remaining
fibers of self-decency prevented her from even speaking such a lie.

'I don't know...' she mumbled. She meant to say never, but the meaning was
lost. 'What do you mean...don't know...between ten and
twenty...fifty...' Carl stared into the dark crack of her bottom admiring
the pink glow of her hairless ring peeking out beneath her soft, white
arse cheeks.

'Once...' she mumbled. She felt like a child admitting to lack of
attention to her school work.

'Only once!' he said with disbelief. 'Surely not just once!'

'Sorry...' she grovelled quietly.

'That's ok...it's good, even,' he lightly touched her smooth, shapely
bottom. 'Yes...I like that...a nice, fresh bottom not all tired and worn
out...oh yes...plenty of grip there!'

The naked blonde's eyes bulged and she squeaked like a chicken as he
unexpectedly pushed his finger into the rubbery elastic skin of her anus.
She stood bolt upright and tensed her arse muscled around his invasive 
digit.

'Ow...oh it hurts!' she grimaced. Her nipples and clit tingled at the
sensations caused by his uninvited fingering. She clenched her fists and
stood on tip toe trying to climb off his rough finger.

'No it doesn't...it's only my finger!' he mocked her sensitivity. 'You
told me you've had anal sex before, so this should make you hungry for a
proper fucking; not cry out!'

'But it hurts!' she whimpered. But she realised as she said the words that
her ring was actually relaxing around his finger and that the indignity
of it was making her strangely excited.

'I bet if I touch you here as well, you'll orgasm for me within a minute!'
he taunted her. He moved beside her and groped her hairy pussy mound.

'No...I won't!' she lied. She squirmed between his hands pretending to
evade his lecherous hands. The naked librarian wriggled deliberately and
discreetly let her legs drift apart in the struggle to allow his left 
hand unrestricted access to her pussy.

'Yes you will!' he grinned. He could tell she was excited and toying with
him as his fingers slipped easily through her tight curls of blonde pubes
and found the entrance to her pussy.

'Oh no...what will you do to me if I do?' she panted. Her hips jerked
forward onto his hand as she brazenly encouraged him. 'Will you punish
me?'

'Maybe...' He pushed his finger deeped into her ring as she thrust her
bottom back. 'Is that what you'd like?'

'No...please don't punish me!' The rutting blonde gasped. Her soft, blue
eyes lolled back in her head as she squirmed in his hands.

'Well, ok then...if you really want me to punish you!' he giggled. Brigit
gasped in pain as he suddenly removed his finger from her burning anus.




Librarian Bondage Chapter Six
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 'What are you doing?' Brigit mumbled. Her body trembled with tingling
unfulfilment.

'I'm going to punish you...but not yet. I have to finish my cleaning
first,' he grinned at her. 'Come over here...'

The naked librarian looked puzzled as he led her over to his cleaning
trolley. She watched him as he unstrapped her wrists and removed the
thick leather belt from around her waist.

'Are you going to let me go?' she asked. She felt her spirits lift
briefly.

'No...you're going to vaccuum this room first!' he laughed.

'What!?' Brigit asked. She was shocked with the rediculousness of the
idea.

'Here you are...' he said, handing her the vaccuum.

He left her ankles shackled and pushed her off, telling her to get
started.

The naked librarian felt strangely degraded at being forced to perform
such a domestic duty; especially in the nude. She shuffled around the
room behind the cleaner hoping that he might let her stop. Half an hour 
later she returned, sweating with exhaustion.

'All done?' he smiled at her.

Brigit nodded meekly.

'Good...' he said. His voice was filled with quiet satisfaction. 'It
wasn't much of a punishment, was it!' he laughed.

Brigit smiled faintly and modestly shielded her nudity from him.

'Punishment is no fun unless it's part of a training regimen...' he said
authoritively. 'And I think you would be excellent for training!'

'Training for what?' Brigit asked stupidly.

'I want you to be my new slave...'

'What! What if I don't want to be your slave?' she said. The suggestion
sounded outrageous to her. 'There's no such things as slaves these
days!'

Carl laughed uproarously. He slapped his thighs and stared at her with
disbelief.

'You're a perfect candidate for training...so pretty and intelligent and
perfectly nieve!'

Brigit blushed at the off hand compliment, though deep down was disturbed
about what he meant.

'Everyone in the world is either a slave or a master to some
degree...surely you've read that in one of your books here!' he gestured 
with his broad hand. 'People are born for it; they have it in them. I was
born to be a master and you, a slave, though you're not aware of
it...that's where training helps. It helps you to reach your potential!'

Brigit was totally confused by his raving and began to think he was
teasing her with his rhetoric. 'What do I have to do?' she asked 
apprehensively.

'The first and most important lesson you must learn...is that I am the
master and you are the slave. You must do everything I tell you without
question...do you understand?'

Brigit's head nodded mechanically.

'If you learn that lesson and nothing else, I'll be happy and I'll reward
you in ways you couldn't imagine...and if you don't...well, you'll find
that out regularly...I'll keep thinking of unpleasant things to make you
do just to have you disobey me!' he laughed.

Brigit shivered with dread.

'The first thing to do is get out of here,' he said. He made her pack away
his things and followed her from the library.

'Can you drive?' he asked after they'd finally finished packing everything
away.

'Yes...' she said.

'Good...here are my keys...go down to the carpark and bring my car around
to the front of the school!' he said. His voice was flat and definite. 
'Ummm...I don't know...' Brigit stammered with sudden panic.

'Are you disobeying me?' he smirked.

'No...no, I don't know which is your car,' she said earnestly.

'It's an old brown ford...it should be the only car down there,' he said.
He tossed her the keys and watched as she shuffled nakedly down along the
basement hallway toward the exit.

Brigit shivered in the cool, night air as she crept nakedly down the path
to the lower car park. She tried to keep her feet apart to stop the heavy
chain rattling on the concrete path and kept vigilent for signs of other 
people lurking around the grounds. For once she felt pleased that there
were vandals in the school; every second light along the path was broken
alowing her a shield of semi darkness.

The large carpark was deserted except for the old Ford standing silently
near the end of the path. Brigit's heart pounded in her chest as she
glanced furtively around before she made a break for the car. She crouched
at the driver's door and fumbled with the huge bunch of keys.

'Smile!' a voice said from behind.

The naked librarian jumped with fright and dropped the keys. She spun
around and was blinded by a bright camera flash.

'Who's there!' she gasped, blinking her eyes.

'Don't worry, Brigit...it's just us,' Jeremy laughed. He snapped another
photo of the hapless librarian.

'Let me take these off for you,' Clive said. He stepped forward and
kneeled at her feet and snapped the padlocks of the anklettes.

Brigit fumbled around on the ground for the car keys while she was
photographed. Finally finding them, she opened the car door and jumped
into the relative security of the car.

'You might need these later,' Clive reached in and tossed the metal rings
and chain into the back seat of the old car.

Brigit groaned as the car refused to start, prolonging her naked
embarrassment for the lusty boys. They grinned and told her, 
sarcastically, to enjoy herself as the engine roared to life. She glanced
at them glumly and sped off across the carpark.

'What kept you?' Carl asked as he opened the passenger door and climbed in
next to the naked librarian.

'Oh...nothing...the car wouldn't start,' she said. She expected him to
drive, but he obviously wanted her to chauffeur him home.

'Ok...let's go...' he smiled, leaning back in his seat.

'What! I can't drive like this! Someone will see me for sure...what if the
police...'

'Yes...you're right,' he cut her off. 'Let's see if I have something here
you can wear...'

Carl leaned over into the back seat and rummaged around on the floor. He
noticed the shackles, but didn't say anything.

'How about this...this should fit,' he said.

Brigit held up the small, yellow mesh t-shirt and glanced at Carl.

'It's better than nothing,' he shrugged.

Brigit pulled on the shirt and pulled the hem down as far as possible. It
barely covered her large, firm breasts, and her nipples poked
provocatively out through the large holes of the netted fabric. 'It's ok
as long as no-one looks too closely...' she mumbled.

Carl relaxed back in his seat and told her to drive off. He perved at her
semi-nude body all the way into the city, grinning to himself at her
discomfort every time they had to stop at traffic lights and watch swarms
of Friday night revellers walk past the bonnet of the car.

'Relax, Brigit...no-body knows! Except me,' he leaned over and stroked her
thigh.

 Brigit shivered and stared blankly ahead at the traffic lights. She
breathed a small sigh of relief every time they changed to green and
allowed her to escape from stationary vunerability.

'Where are we going?' She peered through the bug splattered windscreen at
the narrow lane he'd directed her into. She felt nervous at being in an
unknown area of the city.

'Slow down here...' he said. 'I always come here for a drink after work.'

The laneway was dark and full of overflowing rubbish bins. Only a small,
red neon sign above a solid, oak door suggested there was any place for a
drink at all.

'Stop here...' he said. Brigit nervously stopped the car outside the dark
door. She trembled with trepidation as she waited for instructions from
Carl.

'Out you get...' he smiled at her.

'Like this!?' she gasped.

'It's ok...everyone knows me here...it's my favorite club!' he reached
over and opened her door.

'Hello Carl,' a voice appeared out of the darkness. Brigit recoiled with
shock at the sudden appearance of a tall, muscular black holding open her
door.

'Evening Jason...this is my new slave, Brigit!' he said proudly.

'Hello Brigit,' his white teeth glowed against the blackness of his skin.
He reached into the car and helped her onto the footpath.

Brigit paniced and looked to Carl for an explanation. She clasped her
hands nervously over her exposed pussy and shivered in the cold.

'She's very nice!' Jason grinned as he closed the door. He moved around
trying to look at her naked bottom. Brigit cowered fearfully and kept her
back from his hungry eyes. 'You're game letting someone this pretty come 
here unrestrained!' 'It's her first night of training...' Carl was
non-challant in the extreme.

'Have a good time,' Jason winked at the half naked librarian. His dark
eyes sparkled as he watched her exposed, white arse quiver as she walked
into the unusual club.




Bondage Librarian Chapter Seven
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 Brigit's whole body trembled visably as Carl led her into the club
through the large oak door. She glanced around at the elegant decor and
patrons, who all appeared fully dressed, and felt totally conspictuous.
Her knees felt weak as she walked across the soft red carpet to the bar
with Carl.

'Hello Monica,' Carl smiled at the dark haired woman behind the bar.

'Hello Carl...who's this little darling?' she purred. Her deep set eyes
flashed as she stared at the young, half naked blonde approaching.

Brigit tried not to make eye contact with anyone as Carl walked her. She
could feel all the eyes of the mostly male clientle on her; like starving
vultures.

'This is my new slave, Miss Brigit Martins,' he smiled proudly. 'She's a
librarian...' he added, as if it was extra special.

'Mmmm...a librarian,' Monica grinned. 'You like the respectable ones,
don't you, Carl!'

Brigit's stiff nipple tips peeked lewdly out through the yellow mesh. She
kept her hands folded modestly; a useless attempt to appear normal in the
strange surroundings.

'Yes...she's very nice...' Monica sighed seductively as she sauntered
around the bar to stand next to the trembling librarian.

'Not very busy yet?' Carl said, slightly disappointed. He glanced around
the bar and acknowledged a few friends who took it as an immediate
invitation to join him for introductions.

Brigit glanced around the small group of grinning businessmen who had
flocked around her. Her heart beat wildly in her chest; her face was
bright red with embarrassment. She was oblivious to the conversation
around her.

'Has she been tested yet, Carl?' Monica asked curiously.

'No...not officially,' Carl talked as if she was invisible. Brigit wished
she was.

'Oh good...we should do her here!' Monica said excitedly. 'Can we?'

'Of course, Monica! I wouldn't have it any other way,' Carl hugged Brigit
around the shoulder. 'Why don't you take her out the back and get her
warmed up first!'

'Oh yes! Thank-you Carl,' she purred with delight. She stood close to the
trembling librarian and embraced her tightly.

Brigit shivered as the woman's strong arms wrapped around her slender
waist.




Bondage Librarian Chapter Seven [A]
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

{{VERSION 2 OF Ch07}}
 
Brigit's whole body trembled visably as Carl led her into the club through
the large oak door. She glanced around at the elegant decor and patrons,
who all appeared fully dressed, and felt totally conspictuous. Her knees
felt weak as she walked across the soft red carpet to the bar with Carl.

'Hello Monica,' Carl smiled at the dark haired woman sitting alone in the
dim light of the bar.

'Hello Carl...you're late in tonight,' she welcomed him like an old
friend. Her dark eyes flashed and immediately locked onto the young
blonde at his side.

'Yes, I know...had a few loose ends to tie up at work!' he laughed.

'Really?' she smirked. She raised one of her thinly penciled eyebrows
curiously at the pretty librarian.

Brigit trembled and pretended to ignore the inuendo of his remark. She
glanced around at the small group of middle aged business men standing at
the other end of the bar. Her stomach knotted as she felt them mentally 
undressing her with their hungry eyes. Her breasts threatened to pop out
over the top of the tight cotton dress with ever breath she took.

'Umm...I have to go to the bathroom...' she mumbled, tugging on the back
of Carl's shirt sleeve.

'I don't know if I trust you yet...' he whispered to her.

'I won't run away...promise!' she said meekly. She turned her face from
Monica as she spoke.

'Ok...off you go. I've got a bit of business to discuss here, anyway,' he
dismissed her.

Brigit walked as bravely as she could past the group of grinning business
men. She held her head down, not wanting to catch the eye of any of them.

'Hello!' a tall, fat man with a beard stepped into her path.

'Hello,' Brigit mumbled. She kept her head down and tried to side step
him.

'I haven't seen you here before...can I but you a drink?' he continued to
block her way.

'Ummm...no thank you...' she mumbled politely, glancing up into his eyes
for a second.

'It's ok...Carl won't mind,' he reassured her. He refused to let her past
unless she agreed.

The young blonde librarian glanced back to Carl. Carl nodded and turned
back to continue his conversation with Monica. She reluctantly let him
order her a scotch and soda and waited awkwardly for it to arrive.

'What's your name?' one of the men asked.

'Brigit...' she smiled weakly. She shivered as she felt his eyes boring
into her breasts. The air conditioning in the room made her cold as it
evaporated the moisture from her dress and her nipples, she knew, were
stiffly erect and standing out against the wet fabric.

'Here you are,' the fat man said as he handed her her drink.

Brigit caught a glance of her reflection in the mirrored glass wall behind
the bar and lost concentration for a second. She hadn't realised that the
rain on her dress had made the white cotton virtually transparent and the
dark, pink circles of her nipples were clearly visable.

'Thank you,' she said. She reached up with both hands to take the
overflowing glass from the fat man, but he kept it just out of reach.

'You haven't told me you name,' he said. He held the glass teasingly away.

Brigit had instinctively reached up for the glass, forgetting for a moment
that her dress only just covered her bare bottom. Lifting her arms caused
the hem to ride up nearly two inches over her firm cheeks, revealing to
the men behind, who couldn't take their eyes off her posterior, that she
wore no undies.

'Brigit!' she blushed, quickly dropping her heels to the floor and reached
for the hem of her dress as discreetly as she could. 'Brigit...Martins'
she said more calmly as he handed her the drink.

The scotch must have been at least a double, because she gasped and
coughed at the first sip.

'Stir it with the straw!' the fat man laughed at her.

The men had formed a tight circle around her and watched as she sipped
through the straw. They resumed their conversation, talking about things
and people she'd never heard of. She imagined it to be office talk and her 
thoughts drifted away.

'Umm...I have to go to the bathroom,' she excused herself as she placed
her empty glass on the counter of the bar. They parted and allowed her to
pass.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Zawacky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





