BDSM Library - Beth




Beth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A semi-autobiographical tale, a deals with the disccovery of sexuality and thrills of exhibitionism, bondage and light pain. Then Beth is victimized by priest in effort to repent her sinful ways but then discovers sin is best and goes on to even wilder adventures.
Beth
by Allene
 Chapter One

 People can't control their lives. Their lifestyle, desires.
and success or lack of it are the whim of fate. My story is a
case in point. 
 I was born and raised on a small farm in Eastern Washington
as an only child of my parents Herb and Louise. My parents and I
lived comfortably on my Father's income from the ranch and my
Mother's income as a school teacher in Ellensburg. I was very
proud of my parents and planned to become a schoolteacher in the
footsteps of my Mom. 
 I was not able to have close friends as a child since we were
twenty miles from town and ten miles from our nearest neighbor.
My Mother was teaching in a Catholic School so I was able to go
there at no charge and rode to and from school with my Mother,
which kept me apart from the other children who rode the school
bus. Since my Mother was a teacher the other kids did not
associate with me as they thought anything they said to me would
be relayed to my Mother and from her to the other school
personnel. My folks tried to make up for this by giving me extra
attention, but the limited contact with the other girls left me 
very naive about relationships.
 This situation took a drastic turn when I was twelve years
old and my Mother was killed in a freak accident on the farm
when a large icicle fell from the roof of the barn and hit her
on the head.
 At this point I was suddenly pushed into the mainstream as I
now had to ride the bus which gave me the opportunity to talk to
the other girls. This was a godsend for me as I was entering
puberty and did not know what was happening to me as my body
began to change rapidly. I was too embarrassed to discuss it 
with my Dad.
 The school was no help as it had individual shower and
dressing rooms so I never saw any of the other girls nude and
our uniforms hid any developments.
 Fortunately by this time I had found a friend who eventually
asked me to stay overnight at her house. She was quite
uninhibited and at bed time took off all her clothes to put on
her nightgown. I then realized that I was not unique as she also
was getting breasts and growing hair on her crotch. Since she was 
not embarrassed I decided not to go to the bath room to change as
I did at home and undressed in front of her. She was fascinated
by the size of my breasts which were rapidly approaching their
eventual size of thirty six D. At first I was embarrassed by her
comments on the size of my breasts, but when I realized her
sincerity in admiration I felt proud and let her inspect them at
her leisure. She asked me if she could feel them and since we
were alone and I felt envied, I told her it would be all right.
 This was the first inkling I had of my sensual nature. She
did not just touch them, but fondled them and lifted them until
I felt a peculiar tingling in my nipples which seemed to travel
directly down to my crotch.
 Then she said "Look, your nipples get hard when you play with
them just like mine." She then started playing with her own
breasts and I saw her nipples getting longer and stiffer as I
watched. 
 Then she said" Here you play with mine while I play with
yours." I then started to mimic her actions to my breasts with
hers as we pulled and pinched on the nipples until we were both
panting.
 At this point she asked me," Have you ever played with your
crotch?" I naturally said," No. I never have," as the idea had
never occurred to me.
 She said,"Here, let me show you." She then let her hand
slowly travel down my stomach and started to play with my pussy.
This felt nice until she put her finger inside enough to touch my
clitoris which felt wonderful and weird at the same time. Almost
like small electrical shocks.
 By this time we were both very excited and I put down my hand
to play with her clitoris. She began to climax in a short time
and in her excitement pulled her hand away so I did not know why
she was so excited, although I did realize there was something
else I was missing out on. She almost immediately went to sleep
and although I played with my own pussy for awhile I was too
inhibited to be aggressive enough to climax.
 I really wanted to talk to her about our experience, but we
slept in too late to catch the bus. Her Mother took us to school
and then we were never alone at school so we never got a chance
to talk.
 Later on that week my Father said that my friend would be
welcome to stay with us for the weekend if she wanted to. I was
anxious to ask her and was disappointed that she did not share my
excitement. She did not know if she wanted to go out to the
boondocks with me as there were so many more things to do in
town.
 I finally convinced her by telling her that we had horses and
we could ride up into the woods to swim and have a picnic.
 She took the bus with me Friday and I was really excited
until bedtime as my Father said that since I had a single bed,
Mary, my friend, could sleep in the guest room. When I suggested
I sleep with her, he said that we would keep him up all night
giggling and that he had to get up early to go to town.
 I felt frustrated and played with myself for a long time that
night but could not concentrate sufficiently, because of my
disappointment, to really get into it.




Beth
by Allene
                            Chapter 2

    The next morning I got up early to pack a picnic lunch while
my father caught the horses.
    My father had always had me ride bare-back on the theory that
if I fell off there would be no chance I could get my foot caught
in the stirrup and be dragged and possibly stepped on. Mary was
reluctant as she had always ridden with a saddle. but agreed with
my fathers insistence that he would worry otherwise.
    Mary became used to it in a few miles and said it was kind of
sexy the way the protrusion at the base of the horses neck pushed
on her pussy. She asked me if other people were close and I told
her the nearest neighbor was ten miles away. No-one came onto our
property as Dad had posted signs stating " Trespassers will be
shot." He hated hunters who had shot up equipment left out in the
fields.
    By this time we were in the woods. Well on our way to the
lake my Dad had made to provide water for the livestock.
    Mary said," Are you sure no-one is around?" I said," Sure.
Why do you want to know?"  "Because I have always wanted to ride
naked." I was shocked at the idea but also fascinated so I said,
"Lets do it."  
    We immediately got off the horses and started to undress. I
saw that Mary had not worn panties or bra so she was naked before
me. I stopped to admire her body as it reminded me of our night
together. Reminiscing made me excited and I noticed my nipples
were hard when I took off my bra. Getting back on the horse was
an immediate surprise to me. I had always ridden with thick jeans
on and had no idea of the sensation brought about by the stiff
horsehair. My Dad had cut the horses mane short just in front of
where the saddle would be so the reins would not get tangled in
the long hair of the mane. This created a short horsehair brush
just in front of our pussies. This created a fantastic feeling.
It felt as if a hundred tiny flexible needles were being pushed
against my pussy. I knew it was having the same effect on Mary as
she made a little squeal when she got back on and continued to
make them as our horses started to walk and the needles were
pushed into and taken away from our pussies with each step. The
feeling was so exciting we wanted it to go on forever, but as we
rode on I felt there should be even more sensation. Mary solved
that problem as she put her horse into a trot. Now the prickling
became much faster and harder till our little squeals turned into
screams and moans. It was so strange. The prickling became really
painful but it was such a good pain I did not want it to stop. I
could feel my breasts becoming fuller and my nipples tingling at
the same time my poor pussy was getting raw. It seemed I was in
that moment of ecstasy forever just before you come. And then I
came about the same time as Mary and the feeling was so intense I
felt as if I might lose consciousness. It almost made me fall
from my horse. We immediately stopped our horses to get off and
lay on the grass to recover. My body continued to pulse for some
time after. I had never had this sensation before and it scared
me a little until I described the sensation to Mary who explained
that I had simply had an orgasm and the feelings were normal. She
could not believe I had never had an orgasm before as she had
played with herself since she was quite small. She told me that
multiple orgasms were rare and this experience may spoil us for
just playing with our pussies since we would not get such a
strong orgasm. She said that the strange thing about sex is that
you had to keep experimenting. Once you had come a few times in
the same way it became harder and harder to come with the same
method. She said that the reason she came so hard when we spent
the night together was because it had been the first time someone
besides herself had played with her pussy. She was sad that she
would not be able to duplicate this experience at home since they
did not have the horses or the privacy.
    By this time we were both perspiring from the heat and our
orgasms so we decided to go on to the lake for a swim to cool
off. She suggested we walk the rest of the way as her pussy was
too sensitive to ride the horse. She showed me her pussy and it
was beet-red from the abrasion of the horse-hair. I then looked
at mine and saw it was in the same condition. When I touched it I
must have had salt on my fingers either from the horses sweat or
my own as I felt a burning sensation that was more painful than
sexy.
    As we walked to the lake she told me of her other experiences
using wieners, candles, and even bananas to bring herself off. I
had not considered putting anything inside my pussy as I thought
I might damage something. Mary just laughed and said it was
natural and even necessary if I wanted to get pregnant. She said
she had not fucked anyone yet as the only doctor in town would
probably tell her folks if she tried to get a prescription for
the Pill. Without the Pill she might get pregnant.
    When we got to the lake we immediately went into the water. I
had never swam naked either, and was amazed at the sensuous
feeling of the water flowing around my breasts and my oh so
tender pussy.
    Mary discovered the waterfall my dad had created by building
a wooden flume to direct the creek into the lake. She was
standing under it so the water beat against her breasts and
called me over to try it. This was not like a shower. It was a
heavy stream that actually flattened our breasts and stimulated
our nipples. I was the first to step back a little so the stream
would hit my pussy. By leaning back a little the stream beat
directly on my pussy and clitoris and actually felt as if it was
entering my body. Mary joined me in the pleasant experience which
got us excited but not enough to come. We went back to the grass
on the shore and began to play first with ourselves and then with
each other. Mary said," This just isn't doing it is it?" I had to
agree so she said," Maybe this will help," and proceeded to lick
my nipples. By this time my nipples were so sensitive her tongue
felt like a rasp but the pain was worth it. She then proceeded to
lick down my stomach toward my pussy. Just when I assumed she
would start back up to my breasts she spread the lips of my pussy
with her fingers and started licking the inner lips and then my
clitoris. When her tongue hit my clitoris it was the same
sensation as the time I had touched the electric fence except it
was such an exciting sensation I gloried in the painful aspect of
it. After a few moments Mary started to twist around until she
was lying on top of me and I was looking directly at her pussy.
Mary stopped the glorious thing she was doing to me to say," Do
me." I did not want her to stop for even a second, so without a
thought I immediately started to lick her pussy. I found the
taste was not at all unpleasant and enjoyed the reactions to my
efforts as Mary moaned and squealed. I found that she would lick
in the same place I did so I started to experiment in the way I
licked her, when she followed I was able to direct her to the
areas that gave the greatest sensation. Then I remembered what
she had said about putting things into her pussy so I stuck my
tongue out as far as it would go and pushed it into her pussy.
This made her go wild and as she reciprocated I knew I would be
coming in seconds. I tried to slow down to make the sensation
last but Mary was too excited at this point to slow down so I
began to climax. Mary had not come yet so she kept working me
until I thought I might die. I worked her even harder putting two
of my fingers in her pussy while I licked her clitoris which was
the trick that brought her off. She rolled off me holding her
breast in one hand and her pussy with the other while we both
laid there panting.
    We were now all sweaty again so after we rested for awhile we
went in for a leisurely swim to cool off. By this time we were
totally exhausted so after we ate our lunch we put our clothes
back on and started to ride back to the house.
    Even though I had my panties and jeans on now I could still
remember the sensation of the horse-hair on my naked pussy. Mary
could too, so we remained slightly aroused all the way back.
    By the time we got back my Dad had returned so we could not
make any further experiments even if we had been up to it. After
our exhausting day we went to bed early and slept late. After
lunch My Dad offered to take us into town for a movie and after
the movie he took Mary home.




Beth
by Allene
                            Chapter 3

    After that it was just school with no opportunity for us to
be alone. I got along for awhile by playing with myself while
fantasizing about our experiences. I soon became bored with
playing with myself as I found it harder and harder to get off.
    Mary's folks or my Dad and I were gone nearly every weekend
so I had no chance to be with Mary.
    My Dad finally had to go to town for some supplies on a
weekend so I decided to try riding naked again. This turned out
to be a disappointment as with no-one with me the nakedness was
more scary than sexy. I kept imagining I saw movement in the
woods and had visions of getting caught. Because of this I gave
up put my clothes back on and went back to the house.
    At the house I went to the fridge to see what I could cook
for supper. I noticed some carrots and cucumbers in the fridge
which reminded me of my conversation with Mary about putting
things in her pussy and also remembered the feeling of her tongue
in my pussy. I knew Dad would not be home for at least two hours
so I picked out a couple of medium size and large carrots and as
an after-thought a medium and large cucumber. I was sure I would
not use the cucumbers as the big one was so big I could not get
my fingers to meet around it and I have large hands for a girl.
    I then went up to my room and started to undress. I had
always been fascinated by my body and always undressed in front
of the large full length mirror in my room. I loved the way my
body looked. My breasts were about the size of cantaloupes with
no sag at all and my baby fat was going away leaving me a twenty-
two inch waist which made my breasts and butt look even bigger
than they were.
    Just the thought of what I was planning to do was making me
very horny. I had just started to feel my pussy when it became so
wet I knew I was ready to move on. I started with the smallest
carrot. It gave me only a little more sensation than my finger so
I switched directly to the smaller cucumber. I started out slowly
by just gently rubbing it against the lips of my pussy and then
against my clitoris. The small bumps on the cucumber rubbing
against me was making me very hot and my pussy was dripping wet.
I then put it into my pussy just a couple of inches and found it
was big enough to fill my pussy and the small bumps created a
great feeling to the sides of my pussy as well as my clitoris. My
pussy was so wet it actually began to leak out onto my bed and
became so slippery it was easy to put in about four inches which
was as far as I could go and still hold on to it. I wanted more
and more so picked up the other cucumber which was longer but
also wider. It was thicker than my wrist and I did not know if it
would fit. I was facing my mirror with my knees up and spread
apart as far as I could. I put both pillows under my head so I
could see what I was doing in the mirror. What I saw shocked and
thrilled me. The cucumber was so big it covered the whole area of
my crotch. I was sure it would not go in but I knew I would try.
I spread my legs even further apart and used my left hand to
spread my pussy lips while I worked the rounded end of the
cucumber into my pussy. At first I could only put in a couple of
inches as the muscles in my pussy consciously or unconsciously
tried to reject it. I watched for blood as I was sure I would
tear my pussy but I was so out of control with passion I kept
pushing with both hand till it was in about six inches. Then I
started pulling it out and pushing it in. My pussy was so tight
around it my inner lips clung to it on the outer stroke till they
were fully visible then disappear on the inner stroke. The warts
on the cucumber were driving me crazy and I put both hands on it
to force it in. I was feeling pain, stretching, and nerve shocks
all at the same time. When I could open my eyes again I saw I had
put nine or ten inches of it in my pussy and was ready for more
except it was getting so slippery I could not manipulate it the
way I wanted without a good grip on what was left outside. I
started to move it in a circular motion as well as in and out and
this brought me off big-time. I had orgasm after orgasm until I
literally passed out. When I recovered the cucumber was still
deep in my pussy. Now that the passion was over pulling the
cucumber out was a painful experience. Each of the little warts I
had enjoyed so much before now felt like nails digging into the
walls of my pussy as I pulled it out. Since it was so painful I
went to the bathroom and stuck in a cotton swab to make sure
there was no blood. I was relieved to find out I was not hurt and
that relief allowed fatigue to set in so I got under the covers
and went almost immediately to sleep.




Beth
by Allene
                            Chapter 4

    In the morning my Dad said he was amazed to find me asleep
when he got home at nine P.M. and asked if I was sick. He did not
notice that my pussy was so tender after it's workout with the
cucumber that it was all I could do to walk normally. I could not
tell him why I was so exhausted so just reminded him that we
could only get one channel on T.V. so I got bored and went to
bed.  He told me that this would soon change as he had made a
good profit for the first time in a long time and was buying us a
T.V. Satellite so we could get lots of channels. This was good
news to me not only for my watching but also as an excuse to ask
Mary out to our place again as it was now fall and too cold for
swimming or riding horses naked. Mary had no interest in riding
clothed.
    I immediately told Mary the news at school and she told me
she would take the bus home with me next friday and would stay
the whole weekend.
    The system was installed on wednesday while I was at school.
My Dad explained to me how to change channels and pointed out
another control which moved the satellite dish around. He told me
not to touch that control. I was curious as to why he spent the
extra money for the control if we could not use it. He told me
that if it was done incorrectly I could screw up the whole system
and reminded me that I had never been a whiz with science or
mechanical things. I had to agree since I epitomized the dumb
blonde with my average grades with D's in math and science.     
    The system was not as great as I hoped as the movie channel
with new movies was scrambled. The movie channel we had was all
older movies I had seen on commercial T.V. My dad was very happy
as it had sports channels and natural history channels that he
liked.
    I did not tell Mary the bad news as I did not want to take a
chance she would change her mind about coming out.
    Friday finally came around and as I suspected Mary was
disappointed to find that we picked up all the network channels
she could get at home plus the old movie channel, sports, and
educational channels.
    My Dad let  us choose what we wanted but it was obvious Mary
was not thrilled as she settled on the A.B.C. programs she
watched at home. She was nice enough to say that the reception
was better than they got at home although it was obvious she was
disappointed and bored.




Beth
by Allene
                            Chapter 5

    At about nine P.M. my Dad got a phone call. It seemed one of
our neighbors about 30 miles away had a cow in trouble calving
and they could not locate a veterinarian. This was not unusual as
my Dad had a good reputation for caring for cattle. The local vet
had worked with him and provided him with all the drugs that were
usually necessary. Dad told us he would trust us to go to bed by
midnight as he would probably not be home till very late. He told
me not to wake him in the morning.
    Almost as soon as he walked out the door Mary said, " I have
been reading about these satellites and we should get a lot more
channels." She then turned the satellite control and I knew why
my Dad had told me not to touch it. The first thing that came in
clearly was a movie with two girls making love to each other. We
were naturally fascinated. Mary told me to get off my clothes and
we would do what they did. At first they did much as we had on
our own until one of the girls reached down by the bed and
brought up a vibrator that fit over her hand. When she touched
the other girl's pussy, she went wild. She was twisting around
and opening and closing her legs so much it was a real problem
for the girl holding their vibrator to keep it in position. In
just moments she was screaming, " No more: Please no more: I
can't stand it". but the girl kept it there until the other one
rolled off the bed to get away.
    The scene really turned Mary on and she moaned, " Oh God I
wish we had one of those." "But we do!" I exclaimed," Dad gets a
stiff neck and uses it to loosen up the muscles."
    Mary could hardly wait for me to get it and strap it on. She
was spreadeagled on the floor by the time I was ready. If
anything the effect on her was even greater than the girl in the
movie. I had my hand cupping her pussy with my middle finger on
her clitoris when I turned it on. She immediately started bucking
and rolling around. She was getting so wet I was afraid she would
stain the rug. Her ass was getting rubbed raw by the nap of the
rug when she grabbed my hand with both of hers and pulled it
away. She was panting so hard she could not talk for awhile. When
she recovered a little she said, "Let me rest for awhile then
I'll do you."
    While we were waiting for Mary to recover we leaned up
against the couch and went back to watching the movie. The girl
who had just come was tying the other girl to the bedposts with
some rope she brought up from the floor. After she finished tying
her she teased her by just using the vibrator on her neck,
stomach, breasts, and legs until the tied up girl was begging her
to put it on her pussy. When she did, the effect was the same but
different as the tied girl could not roll over or kick her legs
to avoid the vibrator even for a second. Again in a few moments
she was coming and tears were rolling down her cheeks and her
cries were becoming faint before her partner pulled the vibrator
away and untied her. At that point the movie ended.
    Mary asked me if we had any rope. I told her that Dad had
some soft rope that did not chafe the cattle's legs while he
worked on them.
    Mary said in a forceful tone. " Go get some now!"
    The idea of being tied up and being helpless for Mary
intrigued me a lot but it also scared me. So I said," They are
out in the barn and I would have to get dressed and walk out
there in the snow. Just do me like I did you."
    Mary insisted," No. I told you we have to do things
differently. Don't put on your clothes it will take too long. If
you are naked and cold it will make you move faster."
    I said, " There is no way I am going out there. It is twenty-
five degrees outside." Actually the idea of being forced to
suffer in the cold to get ropes which may make me suffer more
turned me on.
    When Mary said,"If you don't go I am going to bed now and
going home in the morning." It was all the excuse I needed to do
as she asked and I slipped on my boots and went out the door.
When I looked back I saw she was watching me through the window
as I trudged through the snow. She seemed to have an evil smirk
on her face.




Beth
by Allene
                            Chapter 6

    I actually took more time than I needed to get the rope as
the cold gave my body a tingling sensation I found invigorating
and I wanted to anticipate what was about to happen to me. Even
though I was looking forward to my coming experience the idea
that I was being forced into it made me even more excited.
    I had brought a bunch of rope of different lengths and
degrees of softness as I was not sure how long they needed to be
to tie my arms to the couch or what kind of rope she wanted to
use.
    It turned out that she used a lot of rope. She had me help
her move the couch so she could tie my hands to the end legs of
the couch and my ankles to the legs of the piano. I was stretched
out on my back with my legs spread as wide as I could stand it!
    Then she put the vibrator on her left hand which I thought
was strange as she was right handed. She started to tease me by
turning it on at the slow speed and just touching my breasts with
her fingertips. Just the vibrator alone would have felt great and
with the added sensation of being tied I was soon begging her to
touch my pussy. She slowly moved her hand from my breasts and
down my stomach making the anticipation of what was to come
almost unbearable.
    She finally cupped my pussy with her hand but avoided my
clitoris in spite of the twisting of my hips to make contact.
Just as my frustration was at its peak she let her middle finger
touch my clitoris while she used her other fingers to spread my
vaginal lips.
    She then improved on what I had done as she sunk three
fingers into my pussy as deep as she could while still contacting
my clitoris. By this time my excitement was building and when she
increased the speed of the vibrator to the maximum I began to
buck like a bronco. I had my eyes closed when I felt a tingling
in my breasts. I opened my eyes to find she was lightly whipping
my breasts with the end of one of the soft ropes. It felt
wonderful so I made no protest even though my breasts were
turning red from this action. I know it sounds ridiculous, but I
closed my eyes again and fantasized that I was a spy and being
tortured for information. If this was torture I was willing to
submit forever.
    As I got more and more turned on by the double-action of the
whipping and the vibrator I realized there was more pain to my
breasts followed by this wonderful fullness and heat. I opened my
eyes and saw that Mary had straddled me so the back of the
vibrator was on her pussy and that she had switched to a stiff
lasso rope to whip my breasts. I was amazed I could stand the
pain. When she would hit my breast it would compress and bounce.
She hit my left breast on the outside and it would bounce over
and slap against my right breast with the rope almost
disappearing into the skin. Then she hit the outside of my right
breast and make it slap into the left one. Then she would hit the
inside of my left breast to make it separate from the other then
do the same to the right.
    It was really strange I felt like I was on the outside
watching it happen to someone else while at the same time feeling
the pain and fantastic stimulation.
    By this time I was bucking so hard it was all Mary could do
to stay on top of me and I was having orgasm after orgasm.
Finally Mary had an orgasm so strong she fell off to one side and
just lay there twitching while I slowly came back to normal.
    We were both naturally exhausted and just lay there for some
time. Finally Mary rolled over and began to untie me. She was
shocked at the condition of my breasts. They were crisscrossed
with so many red welts we could not count them to guess how many
times she had whipped me. She was crying as she apologized for
what she had done. So instead of her comforting me I ended up
comforting her. It is hard to explain but even after it was over
the pain in my breasts felt stimulating rather than just painful.
I did not tell Mary this as I thought she would think  I was
crazy. I just told her that it was all right. I understood that
she got carried away with the excitement Just as I had. To make
her feel better I told her my dad had some soothing ointment with
a pain deadener in it in the sink cabinet. Mary got the ointment
and started to massage it gently into my breasts. I was almost
disappointed as the pain begin to go away. She decided to comfort
me some more by gently eating my pussy. Although this felt nice I
could not come close to coming until I closed my eyes and relived
the excitement of being whipped.
    For the next few nights I found that I could "get off" again
by fingering myself as long as I relived our last experience and
pinched my nipples and pulled on my pussy hair to create some
pain. I could not use the vibrator as I was afraid my Dad would
hear it.




Beth
by Allene
                            Chapter 7

    A couple of weeks later he was finally called out again to do
some veterinarian work at night.
    I could hardly wait for him to leave so I could get the
vibrator. I found that working it myself just did not work so I
went out naked to the barn to get some rope. I tied my feet to
the posts at the foot of the bed and my left arm to the post at
the head of the bed. This created more excitement but there was
still something missing. I untied my left arm and reached over to
the floor to take the leather belt out of my jeans. It still did
not work. I was in control and could not get the courage to hit
my breasts as hard as Mary had. I did finally manage to come when
I started hitting the inside of my thighs with the belt as I used
the vibrator on my pussy. My inner thighs were very sensitive and
even though I was not hitting very hard there was enough pain to
bring on the excitement. I was lucky my Dad had not looked in on
me when he got home as when I woke up the next morning my feet
were still tied, I was still wearing the vibrator, and I was
sticky from my juices from the top of my cunt hair clear down to
the center of my thighs. The thought of my Dad catching me scared
me and I decided never to do this again.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 8

    A few weeks later my Dad told me that he was going to Seattle
the next weekend to pick up some vet supplies that were much
cheaper there, and also to visit his cousin. He said he would be
leaving early Friday morning and be back Sunday night. He said he
was sorry I could not go along as he had put some cows in the
barn that were near labor and I would have to stay home to feed
and water them. He said I could have Mary come over to keep me
company.
    At school the next day I told Mary the good news. I was
disappointed to find that her cousin Paul was coming to their
house from Spokane and she was expected to stay home and
entertain him.
    Later that afternoon it occurred to Mary that her folks would
not have to know my Dad was not home. She planned to ask them if
she could take Paul to my place so they could go riding on our
horses. She also said that Paul had used to peep at her when she
was bathing so we might end up fucking him.
    I was very leery of this as being raised in a Catholic school
the nuns had told us all our life how evil boys were. I was
worried he might tell someone or make me pregnant. Mary put my
fears to rest by saying there would be no one he could tell. He
did not know anyone in town and would be going back Sunday in
order to be in school monday. As far as pregnancy was concerned
there would be no problem as she had told the druggist that her
Mother had misplaced her birth-control pills and had a supply
just in case this opportunity came along. Paul was seventeen and
had a car so he would be gone before my dad got back.
    I had a lot of misgivings about the probability of sex with a
boy. I was a devout Catholic and had been drilled by the nuns
over and over about the evils of sex before marriage. The nuns
also gave the impression that sex was just a part of a wife's
duties in order to have children. There was no indication it may
be pleasurable. In fact they dealt in length on the pain and
humiliation of the first time. I made up my mind to go along with
Mary and Paul but to forego the sex.
    On thursday Mary told me that she had a long telephone
conversation with Paul and that he had decided to cut school
friday and would be at her place in time to take us to my place
in his car. I wondered what all she had told him.




Beth
by Allene
                            Chapter 9

    Paul met us at Mary's place about five o'clock. He said he
was late because he had been looking for someone to get him some
wine. I was not totally naive about alcohol as my Dad had let me
drink a beer on hot days and we sometimes had wine for dinner. I
was pleasantly surprised that Paul had four quarts of a very good
Washington wine called Morio Muscat. I had drunk it before and
liked it.
    Paul was pretty good-looking and had a good body as he was
into all kinds of sports. He was a little scary to me since he
was so strong and seemed so sure of himself. I felt a little
overwhelmed by the strong personalities of both him and Mary.
They made small-talk all the way to my place and pretty well
ignored me. 
    When we got home Mary and I made dinner while Paul went
outside to look at the horses and other animals on the ranch.
This gave us a chance to talk about him. Mary told me that she
was really happy to see Paul. She had not seen him for three
years and at fourteen he was skinny, gangly, and clumsy. He had
fortunately grown out of all these problems. She said she could
hardly wait to see him naked. I admitted that I liked him too. I
also told her of my misgivings and that if she wanted to she
could just go up to the guest room with him and I would just
watch T.V. for awhile then make a lunch for tomorrow.
    She said that my idea sucked. We were friends and should do
things together. She then said if I still felt the same way later
she would understand.
    We drank quite a bit of wine at dinner and I started to
mellow out. After dinner Mary said she would look for something
on T.V. while Paul helped me with the dishes.
    The combination of wine and the nearness of Paul was making
me curious and slightly excited. I began to think that sex with a
boy might not be so bad.
    Then Mary exclaimed, "Hurry on in here! I found something
good!"  We went in and found Mary watching the screen where a man
had a woman bent over a chair and was fucking her from the rear.
Paul was amazed. He said," Wow. What did you guy's do, rent a
porn flick!" We explained to him that we had a satellite that
picked up "R" and "X" rated movies. We had come into the middle
of the first film and he was really interested at first. By the
middle of the second movie while Mary was rubbing his thighs he
said, "This is getting boring. They are doing the same thing.It
would be more fun if we joined them."
    Mary protested that she did not want to go into it cold. She
suggested we play a game first. Paul said,"What kind of Game?"
Mary suggested strip poker. He then asked, " How will it work. We
all have different amounts of clothes on. What if one of us is
naked before the other two?" Mary had a quick solution. " We will
all start with the same amount of clothes. The ones who lose
their clothes first will have to pay a penalty. Paul said,"What
kind of penalty?" Mary had evidentally given this a great deal of
thought as she said. "When someone loses all his clothes, with
emphasis on his, he or she will put out a chip on the table. The
winner of the chip will get to give the loser five spanks. Paul
thought this was silly but had enough confidence to assume he
would win, so agreed. They then looked at me and Mary said, "Is
this O.K. with you, Beth?" I was just drunk enough and excited at
the prospect of Paul's big hand coming down on my naked bottom to
agree readily. I thought five spanks could not be too bad.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 10

    I went and got the cards. When I got back they noticed I was
barefoot so they asked me what I had on. I told them my shorts,
t-shirt,Bra, and panties. They then took off their shoes and
socks to match me. It then occurred to me that I did not know how
to play poker. Paul said they would make it simple. We would just
play draw poker. Wherein we would be dealt five cards. Then we
could keep the best cards and throw away the others and get up to
four more cards. They gave me a piece of paper with the values of
the hands starting with a straight flush down to high cards.   
    The first hand I was lucky and was dealt three aces. I drew
two cards which did not help but the three aces was the best.
Mary had the worst hand. She then stood up and very slowly
removed her t-shirt. Paul loved it. It was obvious Mary was
enjoying the attention.
    On the next hand I had two tens with a king, queen and jack
of hearts so I drew two cards for the straight flush. I had no
idea of the odds involved. I drew a deuce and a three which left
me the worst hand.
    I followed Mary's lead and made a production of removing my
shirt. Although my bra hid more of my breasts than my bathing
suit top, it was still exciting to take it off in font of Paul
who clapped and carried on as if it was a big deal.
    As the hands progressed I found myself reduced to my bra and
panties. On the next hand I was dealt two kings, but decided to
draw for a flush. This was a big mistake as the two kings would
have won. I resolved then to keep any pairs. This time I was
embarrassed and excited at the same time as I had never shown my
breasts to a boy. I was too nervous to make a production and
clumsily took off the bra. Paul made me feel much better. He
said, " Jesus, you have great boobs, they are huge, but they
don't sag at all. You never need to wear a bra. Can I touch
them?"
    I hesitated but when I looked at Mary she said, " Go ahead
and let him. You know how proud you are of them."
    When I went to him I expected a touch. Instead he lifted,
fondled, and pinched my nipples till I was practically panting,
and I could feel my pussy pulsating along with my breasts. I was
embarrassed over my intense reaction. And it surprised me as I
had lost interest in fondling my breasts. My reaction had to be a
result of the new situation.
    When I retreated to my chair I took stock of the situation
and realized that I was down to my panties while Paul still had
all his clothes and Mary still had her bra and panties.
    On the next hand I was dealt a pair of fours so I drew to
them as I had resolved. I did not help them and Mary showed two
pair and Paul had a pair of tens. 
    By this time I was embarrassed since they both had on so many
clothes while I was naked so just slipped my panties down while I
was still in my chair. Mary gave me a hard time about being
prudish, but I told her I would stand up when she was naked. She
then realized I was embarrassed since I was the only one naked so
let it go.
    On the next hand I thought I had it made as I had three tens.
It turned out Paul got really lucky as he had drawn two cards to
a flush and made it while Mary had a straight.
    I stood up to go to Paul for my spanks, but Mary said, "Lets
wait till the end," as she gave Paul a red chip as a marker. She
said " Beth will be red, I'll be blue, and Paul can be white."
    I thought this would be O.K. as I could win back my chip.and
avoid the embarrassment. I thought I had nothing to lose as my
clothes were gone.
    On the next hand I won but Mary lost instead of Paul so took
off her bra and went to Paul so he could touch her. He felt her
breasts for a long time. I enjoyed it also as I imagined myself
in her place. When she sat back down I was sopping wet.
    On the next hand I won again and Paul lost. I told him to
give back my chip but he said he had the option and would take
off his t-shirt. This was the first time I realized I could get a
lot of spanks.
    To make a long story short I lost several more hands and
ended up owing ten spanks to Mary and twenty to Paul. Mary owed
ten spanks to Paul and five to me. I offered to give up her chip
if she would give me one of mine, but she refused. I made up my
mind that I would give her very hard spanks in retaliation.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 11

    Mary volunteered to go first since she had the least spanks
coming. Paul had her lean over our big overstuffed chair so her
butt was really sticking out and since she was so short her toes
just touched the floor.
    Paul got his belt out of his pants and hit her just hard
enough to leave a pink stripe across the center of her ass
cheeks. Mary acted as if she was getting killed. She screamed and
jumped off the chair to run around holding her butt. She finally
calmed down and got back into position for her second stripe.
Paul hit her a little harder this time laying another stripe just
above the last one. Again she started running around. I told Paul
that this was no good and went out to the barn for the ropes.
Mary objected strenuously until I took her aside and reminded her
that she had tied me when she had whipped my boobs.
    Mary realized she owed me and also knew she would have an
excuse to tie me so reluctantly agreed.
    Paul and I tied her ankles to the legs of the chair and her
wrists to the front of the arms. The chair was wide so her legs
were spread enough to really see her pussy and with her arms out
in front her breasts were accessible.
    Paul started laying stripes on her ass evenly. Although she
was screaming like mad I could see she was getting wet and when
Paul worked down to the junction of her thighs to her butt. I
could see the belt was just touching the lips of her pussy and
she started to push back with her hands and curve her back so her
pussy became even more prominent.
    I decided that since she seemed to like this so much I would
concentrate on it When my time came. Paul finished his tenth
stroke. Then he stepped back for a good view of her pussy and
gave me the belt. My first stroke went right across the lips of
her pussy at the top of her thighs. and she pulled in her ass as
far as she could. I waited until she let her ass come back out
and hit her again at the same place. Her pussy juice actually
splattered on this stroke. Paul was getting terribly excited and
was stroking his dick. Mary had switched from screams to moans.
At this point I stepped back a little and when I swung, the end
of the belt hit her right on her pussy.
    This was the last straw for Paul. He pushed me out of the way
and buried his dick in her pussy. Mary's screams changed to just
saying, "Yes, Yes, More, Yes, More."
    I still had two more stokes coming and I remembered what she
had done to my breasts, So I went to her side and hit her on the
back so the end of the belt came around and hit her breasts. This
really made her buck so Paul yelled, " Hit her again!" I took aim
and brought the belt around so it came right across her nipples.
This was the last straw for her as she started screaming, " I'm
coming. Don't stop. I'm coming." Although I had used my quota of
spanks. I followed her wishes causing her breasts to bounce in
rhythm with Paul until he started coming and then pulled out
collapsing to the floor. Mary also went limp. I was so excited I
was quivering. We all had to stop for a bit to recover. After a
few minutes I untied Mary and took her over to the couch. Paul
and I put her between us. I was shocked at the welts on her
breasts and feeling guilty started kissing and licking them to
make her feel better. At first she was so exhausted she just laid
back without saying anything. Finally she said, " You really hurt
me, but I guess it was worth it and I have never had an orgasm
that strong before. I'll make sure you get one." 
That scared me a little because by giving her extra lashes I knew
I would get extra ones too.
    Paul then spoke up saying, "We all need a break, look at my
dick." I looked and could not believe the difference. I had only
seen it hard when it was about eight inches long, a couple of
inches across and hard as a rock. It had now shrivelled up to
nothing. He told me to go get the wine which I thought was a
great idea as it would put off my turn and also a few drinks
might help me.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 12

    We had a couple of glasses of wine then Mary started playing
with Paul's dick. I could see it starting to grow and when it was
about half-hard she bent over and kissed the head of it. Then she
took it into her mouth and started to move her mouth back and
forth on it. I was repulsed at first as he had just taken it out
of her pussy and it was obviously sticky,but then the idea
started to turn me on. When she waved me over and began licking
one side of his dick I began licking the other. I found there was
no bad taste and was fascinated by the way it grew. Then she put
her lips around the head again.I was wondering how she would know
when to take her mouth away so he would not come in her mouth
when Paul said, " That's enough, we have some unfinished
business. I want to save my cum for that."
    I realized he was talking about me and remembered I had
thirty stokes coming and most likely more. I really did not know
if I could stand that much punishment and begged them to let me
do something else as punishment but I knew that sucking him or
being fucked would not really be punishment. Although Paul was
starting to vacillate Mary was adamant. She said she had done
hers and I could do mine.
    I gave up and went over to the chair to be tied. Mary let me
bend over the chair then said, " We have done that already." She
started looking around and spotted a hook in the ceiling where we
used to have a ceiling fan. The hook was about one-half inch
thick. She said, " That ought to hold her." She then climbed up
on a chair and looped the long rope over the hook. They then had
me stand under the hook while they tied the rope around my
wrists. Then Paul took the end of the rope and pulled my arms up
over my head. He started to tie the end of the rope to the
bannister when Mary said, " No pull it up higher."  When Paul
stopped My toes were just barely touching the floor and my arms
were tight against the side of my head.
    Paul came over and exclaimed, " God that makes your body look
great!"  Mary agreed and said, " Let's show her." They went into
the bedroom and brought out Mom's free-standing full length
mirror and placed it in front of me. My body really did look
great! Hanging by my arms made my breasts even higher and my
stomach was concave rather than just flat. My pussy hair was
sparse and blonde so my pussy was very visible. It may seem
strange with me hanging there so vulnerable, but I really felt
proud. Then they came over and started feeling my body commenting
on how firm my breasts and belly were until my wrists and
shoulders started to hurt. The pain was not that bad and when
they started to play with my pussy I began to look forward to
whatever they would do. 




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 13

    Mary told Paul to go first so he stood at my side. I heard
the belt go " Whoosh, Crack." then I felt this white-hot pain at
the top of my ass just below the dimples and screamed. Paul
waited a moment. Incredibly, the pain turned to heat which seemed
to rush down my ass directly to my pussy. Paul had good aim and
the next stroke came across just below the first. Again there was
sharp pain followed by tingling warmth to my pussy. He kept
working his way down. I could see my body's reactions in the
mirror. When he hit me my body would go forward then swing back
for the next blow. 
    It was weird in that my body and my mind seemed separated. In
spite of the pain to my body I was thinking that there should be
another mirror behind me so I could see the belt hit me.
    He kept working down my ass until he had hit the juncture of
my thighs. In spite of the pain, I was wishing they had tied me
over the chair like Mary so the belt could hit my pussy.
    He continued down my thighs until he evidentally remembered
what I had done. Then he said, "I only have six left." He moved
closer to me then hit me on my back just below the shoulder
blades. I got my wish to see the belt hit me as it came around
and hit the tops of my tits. The pain was more fierce but then
the aftermath was also more fantastic. My pussy reacted as if it
was shocked by electricity.
    The next blow came around just below my nipples. The belt
sunk in and caused my tits to jump upwards.
    The next one came right around onto my nipples. The pain and
aftermath was unreal and I started to come.
    He then moved down and the belt came around and hit my
stomach just above my pussy hair.
    The next came right across the lips of my pussy  followed by
another where he shortened his grip and the end hit right in the
center of my pussy causing the lips to open.
    I came so hard I passed out.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 14 

    When I came to, I was lying on the couch on my side while
Paul and Mary were rubbing the soothing ointment on my butt,
breasts, and pussy. As usual the ointment killed the pain in just
a few minutes.
    Mary got the wine and some glasses. After a few drinks Mary
said, " You realize you still owe me ten lashes." I told her that
I just could not handle any more, but she reassured me that there
was no hurry. She also told me that when I passed out Paul had
fucked her again so they owed me one. She then started kissing my
nipples while Paul started eating my pussy. I could not believe
my recuperative powers. In a few moments I was begging them to
make me come. Mary said, " In a minute, after I whip you." I was
in a frenzy by then and readily agreed.             
    I got up to stand under the hook when Mary said," No. We've
done that."  She had Paul help her move our large coffee table
from in front of the couch to the center of the room. When she
had it where she wanted it she told me to lay down on it. I
assumed I would be spanked so I laid down on my belly. Mary said,
" No you dummy. I want you lying on your back!" Her sharp tone
hurt my feelings but I turned over and laid flat on my back on
the table. She then slid me down the table until my butt was
right on the end. Then they tied my ankles to the legs at the
foot of the table and my hands to the legs at the top. 
    Mary and Paul stepped back and Mary said, "What do you
think?"  Paul replied, "Looks all right to me. She can't go
anywhere." Then Mary said, " I've got it! I know just what is
needed."
    She tied ropes to my knees and told Paul to pull out on his
knee while she pulled on the other. They pulled my legs apart
till it felt as if my hips would go out of joint. Then she
stuffed a pillow under my head so I could see over my breasts and
said, " What do you think?"  I was surprised to find I was so
limber. My legs were at a nearly one hundred eighty degree angle
and although I could not see it I knew my pussy must be gaping
open. I told her my hips hurt terribly but she just said, " They
are supposed to hurt. Don't worry You won't be there long." This
turned out to be a lie as they went around me putting their
fingers in my pussy and pinching my nipples for what seemed to be
hours. Then Mary said. " Look how wide her pussy is. I bet you
could stuff a watermelon in it."  Then I felt her put two fingers
in my pussy as far as they would go. Then three, then her little
finger. Then she tried to put her thumb in too but it would not
fit so she told Paul to spread the lips of my pussy with his
hands. At this time it was really starting to hurt. Suddenly her
whole hand went into me. For some strange reason I felt proud and
excited that she could do it. I then felt even more stretching
and realized she was making a fist inside me. My mind again
separated from my body and I was thinking how fortunate it was
that the Nuns did not let us grow long fingernails else I would
be bleeding inside. Then she started pumping her hand back and
forth and my body took control. Although I was screaming, " No,
No, You'll kill me!!" My body was responding by bucking and
squirming as much as possible. considering the way I was tied. to
get all sensations possible out of her hand.
    Just as I was at that mass of sensations just before you
come, Paul suddenly pulled Mary back and you could hear this
sucking sound as her fist popped out of my pussy. Before I could
protest my loss Paul jammed his dick into me and started pumping
as fast as he could. Even though his dick was small in comparison
to her fist his violent actions made up for it and I came just
before he did.
    Paul then fell back exhausted but I was still terribly turned
on. I begged Mary to use her hand but she had something else on
her mind.
    I had my eyes squeezed shut  trying to come again when I felt
this searing pain right across my belly-button. I popped my eyes
open and Mary was grinning at me and saying,"That was just to get
your attention. I have nine more." She then moved higher on my
side and swung the belt just above my stomach towards my face!
    The belt hit the underside of my boobs and they bounced so
far they touched my face. The pain was terrible but then in
milliseconds the pain turned to stimulation. Mary must have liked
the way my boobs bounced because she hit me again the same way.
This time my tits actually hit my face. She then pulled the belt
behind her head and hit the top end of my breasts just in front
of my nipples. The belt sunk deep into my tits and incredibly.
the sight turned me on even more. I saw that my nipples were
sticking out further than I had ever seen them. Mary must have
noticed too as the next stroke came right across them. This was a
new high in pain but also a new high in sensation. I seemed to
send a lightning bolt right to my pussy.
    She then stopped for a minute while my screams turned to
moans. I saw deep red stripes across my breasts but no blood and
saw to my shame that my hips were still bucking in their
restraints as I tried to come.
    Mary then moved the mirror between my legs far enough back
for her to swing the belt so I could see my pussy.
    Then she said, " Watch this!" She had moved back to my side
and brought the belt down overhand hitting the left side of my
pussy. My pussy came alive. I could see the lips squirming while
I howled in agony. she then brought it down on the right side and
juices from my pussy spattered.  She stopped then and I swear I
meant to say," No more." but instead I said, " No. Go.!"  She
then brought the belt right down the center. The belt went
between the lips and the end of it hit right on my ass-hole. On
the next one she moved closer to my head and the tip of the belt
hit right on my clitoris. 
    My body seemed to explode! The pain was excruciating followed
by orgasms so powerful my belly was working like a belly dancer.
    Then Paul shoved the mirror aside and jammed his dick deep in
my pussy. After a couple of strokes Mary yelled," No! Stick it in
her ass!"  He was quick to oblige and I was happy later that he
had put it in my pussy first and got it slick or he would have
torn my asshole the way he jammed it to the hilt.
    As Paul pulled out, Mary brought the belt down on my pussy.
At first her timing was not too good and she hit Paul's stomach
with the end of the belt. He did not seem to notice in his state
of excitement. She soon got it right so as he pulled out, the
belt would come down. I had constant stimulation from the belt
and the deep penetration of his dick in my ass.
    I don't know how long this went on as my mind would blank out
momentarily then come back. I know I was totally exhausted when
Paul finally came. 
    The last thing I remember before going to sleep was Paul
lying on his back on the floor while Mary was digging at her
pussy while yelling, " I'm coming. I'm Coming. Hit me!"
    I was the first to wake up. I was in terrible pain and it was
no longer sexy. My pussy and my breasts felt like I had a
terrible sunburn, my asshole felt raw, and my arms and legs were
cramped from being tied so long.
    I yelled at them to wake up! Finally Paul responded and began
to untie me. He woke Mary and they carried me to the bed. Mary
got the soothing ointment and started spreading it on my body as
they both kissed and caressed me. I felt so loved that when Mary
said she was sorry she had gotten carried away and promised not
to do it again, I ended up comforting her telling her that she
was forgiven, and that I was not mad at her.
    We were still worn out even after our naps so soon fell
asleep and slept late.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 15

    The next day was hot so Mary suggested we go to the lake for
a swim. This sounded good to all of us so Paul got the horses
ready while Mary and I made a lunch.
    When we got to the horses Mary took off her top and shorts
and told Paul to get naked as riding naked was a real kick. Paul
agreed but my pussy still felt too tender for that kind of
stimulation so I left my shorts on.
    Paul said that riding naked was not a big deal for him except
he loved watching our tits bounce. Mary on the other hand only
got half-way to the lake when she asked Paul to fuck her. His
prick had been hard for some time so he was quick to oblige. I
just stayed on my horse and watched. I thought it was over very
quickly since it seemed like he had fucked me for hours last
night. I later realized that time was meaningless once you get
into the throes of passion.
    At the lake she was ready again. This time I participated by
kissing and fondling her breasts and pinching her nipples. I
still did not get turned on and assumed I was still worn out from
last night.
    The warm water of the lake soothed my body and I noticed the
welts on my body had turned into pink stripes which were no
longer painful to the touch. 
    Paul noticed me feeling my pussy to check for tenderness and
assumed I was getting horny. " I guess it's your turn." he said
as he kissed and fondled me. He started licking my pussy until my
juices started to flow then started to fuck me in the missionary
position. He stroked slowly with circular motions. Mary joined in
kissing my neck, ears, and breasts. It felt really pleasant but
even though Paul made it last as long as he could He came long
before I was ready. I don't think Paul noticed that I had not
been brought to an orgasm, but Mary did. 
    " That really did not do much for you did it?" Mary
whispered.
    I protested, " Yes, it really felt nice."
    " I know it felt nice, but you didn't come did you?"
    I had to admit," No, but that was just because I am still
tired from last night."
    " Bullshit. We both know what you need. Admit it!"
    I realized that the only times I had great orgasms pain was
involved, but I hated to admit it to myself and especially admit
it to Mary so I just remained silent.
    Mary then said, " Think about it. I am going for a swim and
think about a way to help."
    While they were swimming I relived my feelings when I had
reached orgasm. The more I thought about it the hornier I became.
I could not resist putting my finger into my pussy while I
remembered the shock of the belt going clear inside it. By the
time they came back I was ready for anything.
    I realized they must have been discussing their plans for me
while in the lake because as Paul walked out of the water I saw
his prick was very hard and standing straight up.
    Mary came up to me and said," Paul and I have decided that
you are a very naughty girl for not joining us. We think you
should have a switching. We are going to give you a break. You
can go over to the willow tree and pick out your own switches for
us. We wii know how brave you are by the size of the switches."
    The idea excited me and I thought that I would not be hurt
much as I would pick out tiny switches. 
    The willow tree was about a block away so I had time to think
about what I was doing. I had mixed feelings. The logical side of
my mind said that this was crazy. I was going without protest to
get instruments that would hurt me, but my emotional side became
more excited with each step. When I got to the tree I used the
knife they had given me to cut a couple of little switches, but
as I felt them and swung them in the air I decided that I would
not even feel them and I certainly would show a lack of courage.
I also rationalized that if it hurt bad I would no longer be
fascinated by pain. I ended up cutting two switches about three
feet long. About half-way back I realized that I was carrying two
whips that would really hurt. I felt committed at this point and
decided not to go back. The idea of showing my bravery in
choosing such large switches provided a perverse pride.  I slowed
my pace as I came closer to them so the anticipation of what was
to happen could build.




Beth
by Allene
                           CHAPTER 16

    When I got back I saw that Paul had thrown one of the soft
ropes over a limb about six feet from the trunk.
    They were still not through with making me provide my own
torture. Mary said, " Strip off the leaves. They are useless with
leaves on to catch the air." Once the leaves were off they really
resembled buggy whips I had seen and I really started to have
second thoughts about my choices. Before I could think about it
too much, Paul had me stand under the rope and made several wraps
around my wrists which spread the pressure. He then pulled down
on the end of the rope until my heels were off the ground and
tied the end to the trunk.
    They then started to walk around me commenting on how
beautiful I looked hanging there and what great things happened
to my body by hanging as my breasts stood up proudly and my
stomach flattened. I felt very proud of the way I looked and
wished for a mirror to see for myself. " Look Paul," Mary gushed,
"Her nipples are pointing up and her breasts are so firm." Paul
felt my breasts saying " Yes they are beautiful. All her skin is
so tight her stomach is flat as a board. Look at her pussy. It's
so tight it looks like you could not get a match in it!" As they
commented on my looks and bravery for choosing such long switches
I discovered that just hanging was a form of torture as my
shoulders hurt in a little while. If I stood on my tip-toes to
relieve the pressure on my shoulders my legs would start to ache.
    As I was contemplating the fact that I was choosing my own
pain by picking out the switches and choosing to hang by my rope
or to stand on tip-toes Mary said, " Since you are so brave and
beautiful you can pick the number of swats by chance. I am
holding four straws. The short straw will be five swats the
longest twenty."
    She held up her fist with the straws stuck between her
fingers by the knuckles. As she held up her hand with her palm
toward me I could see the bottom of the longest straw sticking
out below her fingers between the third and fourth knuckle. If I
chose any of the other three I knew they would be less than
twenty. For some reason I wanted to prove how brave I was. I was
also comparing myself to the martyrs of religion so I chose the
long straw with no hesitation.
    Mary smiled at my choice and it struck me that she may have
shown me the long straw on purpose to test me. I actually hoped
she was testing me, and knew that I had chosen the long straw on
purpose to prove my courage.
    They then let me anticipate what was going to happen to me
while they drew straws to see who would do my back and who would
do the front.




Beth
by Allene
                          Chapter 17

    The longer I waited the more excited I became. I could feel
the breeze on my pussy with the coolness indicating how wet I was
becoming. They took their positions with Paul on my left side to
do my back and Mary on my right to do the front.
    When they were in position Mary said, " Are you ready, our
brave and beautiful girl?" 
    This made me feel even more proud and I said, " Yes, and if I
scream you can give me five more."
    Mary kissed me and purred, " In that case you can set the
pace of the swats. When you say "one" Paul will hit you. When you
say "two" I will, back and forth till the end." 
    Then Mary said, " Paul, I just thought of something. These
switches will leave welts her father may see. Go get her half-
shirt and shorts while I get my lipstick."
    I did not know what she had in mind, but by this time I was
just anxious for them to get started as I felt I may have an
orgasm just from the anticipation.
    Paul held my shorts to my butt while Mary marked around the
top and bottom with her lipstick. Then they moved to the front
and did the same. He then held my half-shirt which came down just
below my breasts and marked the bottom. Paul then  went to the
back but Mary told him not to bother because I would not like
having my back hit.
    I now realized that all twenty lashes would land on my butt,
my breasts and my belly from the belly-button down. I was really
wishing I had not made my dumb statement about no screams. I
resolved to stay silent no matter what. The really perverse thing
was that I knew I could stop the whole thing just by saying I had
changed my mind and to let me loose. Instead I just made up my
mind not to scream.
    Now they were ready again and Mary said " Anytime you're
ready."
    I really felt like a brave martyr now as I had picked the
switches, determined the amount of lashes, and now was to order
their delivery.
    "One." I heard the whir of the switch in the air and then it
connected at the top of my thighs. The pain was much worse than
the belt as there was less wind resistance and the contact area
was smaller. I almost screamed and hung there sobbing for what
seemed to be a long time before I was ready for;
    " Two."  I saw and heard the switch as Mary brought it across
to land at the top of the front of my thighs.This one did not
seem as bad as the pain seemed to go right to my pussy as a
terrific thrill. Less delay as I said;
    "Three." Swish, then pain followed closely by thrill as he
hit me at the base of my butt.
    I actually pushed my body forward for Mary as I said;
    "Four." This one would have hit me right on my clitoris if my
thighs had not protected it. Just the nearness sent sparks to my
pussy.
    I pushed my butt out for Paul and said;
    " Five" This one right across the center of my butt sent
thrills to my asshole and cunt at the same time and I could
hardly wait for;
    "Six." My thighs provided no protection for this one as it
hit just above my clitoris in my nest of hair. I savored the
sensation for a moment before saying:
    "Seven."  Paul must have really put his strength behind this
one as it felt as if it had cut deeply in my butt just above the
last one as I screamed:
    " Eight." They stopped for a minute to discuss whether or not
my scream was a count or a scream. Mary said," Lets give her the
benefit of the doubt." then brought one down suddenly just at the
top of my cunt hair. I was caught unaware so this one really hurt
for some time before the good sensation started. I did not
realize I was savoring it so long until Paul said impatiently,
"Come on. Stick your ass out."
    I swung back as I said:
    "Nine," This time Paul aimed vertically and if my legs had
not been pressed together the tip would have hit my pussy. Even
then the crack of my ass seemed extra sensitive. The pain caused
me to draw my knees up to my chest. As I put my legs back down I
rubbed my ass-cheeks together to alleviate the pain and found
this sent sensations to my ass-hole and cunt.
    As the sensations subsided I said;
    "Ten." I was expecting another cut below my belly-button but
Mary fooled me and hit me on the underside of my breasts. This
was the worst pain so far as tears blurred my eyes. As I was
sobbing I realized the pain was changing as my breasts swelled
and this incredible hot flash ran down my body.
    Before I could say eleven Paul said, "This is the last one I
am giving to your butt. Spread your legs for me Baby." I moaned,
" No, Please No, I can't."  but even as I said this I felt my
legs moving apart as if they had a will of their own. When I had
them spread so wide I was no longer touching the ground I said;
    "Eleven." Paul brought the switch in vertically and the tip
landed right on my ass-hole. This hurt so bad I did not have to
worry about screaming as it took my breath away. Then I felt the
familiar hot flash running up my ass-hole into my guts making my
whole inside warm. 
    I still had my legs spread as I said;
    "Twelve."  Mary brought her switch up from the floor. The
shaft of the switch went between the lips of my pussy and the tip
hit my ass-hole again. This did it for me as I went into a
powerful orgasm. Paul and Mary's voices seemed to be coming from
far away as they commented on the way my body shuddered and the
muscles contracted during the orgasm. My body was covered with
sweat and tremors coursed through my body as I hung there panting
for breath. Finally I started to calm down, but Mary realized I
was exhausted so she had Paul loosen the rope so I could stand on
my feet and recover. They went over to the lunch basket and
shared a beer as they watched me trembling at the end of the
rope.. 
    Finally my breathing returned to near normal so Mary came
over and asked me if I was ready for the rest. I said," I don't
know, I guess so. It is so weird. I don't feel pain, just a
fantastic excitement."
    At that point Paul stretched me up again and stood to one
side of me. I then remembered  Paul saying that he would not hit
my butt any more and realized the rest would all be on my front.
They stood by my sides caressing my pussy until my excitement was
at a peak. I had forgotten the count so Mary reminded me.
    "Thirteen."  Paul brought one down that left a stripe from my
hip-bone to the side of my pussy. Pain was turning to sensations
faster now so I quickened the count.
    "Fourteen."  Mary did the same as Paul to make an X on my
lower stomach and pussy.
    "Fifteen." Paul across the tops of my breasts.
    "Sixteen." Mary across the bottom of my breasts.
    "Seventeen." Paul across my nipples. They disappeared in my
flesh then popped out harder than ever.
    "Eighteen." Mary across the nipples and I screamed!
    Mary and Paul stopped and Mary said," We will give you a
break. Just five more from here. Only don't count, just say where
you want them." Oh God! My nipples are on fire. Put them on my
pussy!" It never occurred to me I could ask for them on my butt
or stomach.
    She looked surprized then stood there until I said,
    "Pussy."
    They made more "X,s" on my pussy. I was coming by the second
one, by the fifth my body was shuddering uncontrollably and my
mind was out in space somewhere. I could not think. Just feel.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 18

    Even after they let me down to lie on the cool grass  I
twitched for a long time. I had pussy juice sticking to my thighs
almost to my knees so went out into the water to wash and be
soothed. When I walked into the water I got a stinging sensation
from my ass and pussy. When I looked I saw the skin was broken in
a few places and a little blood was coming out. I hoped I
wouldn't be scarred, but at the same time thought that if I were
the scars would be a kind of badge of courage that I could look
at and be reminded of the fantastic excitement I had gained to
get them.
    When I got back to the beach Paul and Mary had laid out the
table cloth so I could lay on it. I could not see the cuts on my
ass so I asked Mary to look at them to see how bad they were. She
said it was just tiny places where the end of the switches hit
and they should heal easily. She then went to the basket and came
back with the soothing ointment. I knew then that she had planned
my whipping before we left or she would not have brought the
salve. I accused her of this and she said, " No I didn't plan it,
but I was hoping something would happen. You get a charge out of
being punished and I get a charge out of doing it. I came three
times while switching you and you obviously came in a big way."
    I said, " Yes I guess I did, but you guys seem to be getting
rougher all the time and I am scared I am really going to get
hurt."
    " I understand, that is why we let you choose the switches,
and the amount. You know we will quit if you want us to. Don't
you?" asked Paul,
    "Yes I know. It's just that I get so excited I'm afraid my
judgement will not be good."
    Mary applied the lotion to my stripes as she said, " You know
we love you and would never hurt you bad."
    She had said the magic word as it was true that I never felt
so loved as after my punishment sessions when they kissed and
soothed me. It was just like when Mom had spanked me, then told
me afterwards that she loved me, as she hugged and kissed me, but
sometimes I needed to be punished.  Although I really did not
deserve punishment from Mary and Paul there was enough excuse to
bring about the love. The fact that I got off from being punished
was a bonus somehow tied to the aftermath. 
    Suddenly it dawned on me that we were about two miles from
home and that I would have to ride back with my super tender ass
and pussy. I asked them what I was going to do since the idea of
putting my tight jeans on over my welts seemed out of the
question as well as riding nude and having the horse hair
sticking me.
    Paul solved the problem by tying the table cloth onto my
horse to protect my body from the hair. Although every step gave
me a twinge of pain it was a big improvement over the
alternatives.
    When I got home I could hardly wait to get into the house to
see myself in the big mirror. I got another mirror off the wall
and set it up on a chair in front of the big mirror so I could
see my back as well as my front. I  still had the lipstick marks
on my body and could see that they did a good job staying within
the lines. I was relieved to see Mary was right. The only places
the skin was broken was where welts crossed over. There was only
one spot on my butt where Paul's aim had failed and one welt was
on top of the other. Most of the bloody places were on my pussy
area when they had switched from the horizontal to vertical, and
various angles at the end. None were really bad and I took a
perverse pride in them. I actually wished I had a Polaroid camera
so I could see them later after they had faded.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 19

    Paul and Mary came through the door fully dressed. I suddenly
felt very naked and said I would find some clothes. Mary and Paul
argued that clothes would only irritate the welts and I was so
beautiful I should always be naked. I felt flattered but as they 
told me to pose in different positions I again felt embarrassed
with them fully dressed. I remembered that my Mom had once gone
to a costume party as a harem girl and told them we could
compromise with that. They looked doubtful but followed me into
the bedroom while I searched for the costume. It consisted of a
halter and tights of satin with a half shirt and billowing pants
of some gauzy material. Paul said forget the satin parts and Mary
agreed. I had to agree the tights would be uncomfortable and put
on the half-shirt which barely covered my boobs. The pants were
almost completely transparent but the idea of having something on
made me feel better and they did not mind. When we got back to
the living-room Paul said I looked like a belly dancer he had
seen and asked me to dance for them. I told them I did not know
how, but they reminded me I had seen them on T.V. and could fake
it. I told them we had no music but Mary looked around and found
Ravel's Bolero and put it on the stereo. The music was easy to
dance to and led me to some sexy moves that brought applause and
whistles from Paul and Mary. This really brought out the
exhibitionist tendencies in me so I danced even harder. I had
forgotten how long the piece was and started to perspire like
mad. About three-fourths through my sweat started to run into the
welts on my breasts and pussy causing a tingling burning
sensation which increased the passion I was feeling from my
dance. 
    When it was over I went over to Paul who was sitting on the
couch. He flipped up my half-shirt and started licking and
sucking on my nipples with an occasional tiny bite. I was already
fired up and this really helped. When he pulled me down to kiss
him I stuck my tongue in his mouth as far as I could. This gave
him other ideas and he pressed me on down till I was facing his
crotch. I started to unbuckle his belt but he said, " No. Just
unzip the pants and take it out." I did as he told me and started
to kiss his prick which was hard as a rock. This was not what he
had in mind. He pushed his thumbs into my cheeks to make me open
my mouth and stuck in his dick. It seemed perverse to me to be
kissing his dick while he was fully clothed and this made it
worse. I was about to protest when Mary went behind me and
started to lick my pussy and ass-hole. This really turned me on
and sucking dick did not seem bad at all. I gagged at first when
the head of his dick hit the back of my throat but I soon got
used to it and he was able to push his dick right down my throat.
    Mary was licking like mad while pulling on my cunt hair while
Paul was pinching my nipples. I was bombarded with sensations
with the tingling pain at my nipples and pussy combined with the
great feeling of her tongue in my pussy and the perversity of
kind of being forced to suck dick.
    Just as I started to come Paul began to come in my mouth. I
tried to pull my head out of the way but he would not let me. He
put his hands on the back of my head and buried his dick in my
throat. I fought it until I realized cum did not taste bad and
began swallowing so I wouldn't choke. The action of my throat
caused Paul to yell and I continued to suck it until it went
completely limp. I had come too so I just rolled over onto the
couch next to Paul where we kissed and fondled each other while
we calmed down. Paul said, " Jesus, that was wonderful." and I
agreed completely. 




Beth
by Allene
                    Chapter 20

    Mary complained,  " Sure that was great for you guys, but
what about me. I didn't get to come."
    Paul and I were feeling very nice nestled in each others arms
so her complaint kind of irritated both of us. I didn't say
anything but Paul said, " How bad do you want to come?"
    "Not bad enough to be whipped if that is what you have in
mind." Mary replied.
    " No I have something else in mind. On the way in I saw some
clothespins on the line. How about we have a lottery like you did
with Beth, The number you get will be the number we put on you
and the number of seconds they will be left on after we get them
on. If you get lucky you'll just get two, left on for two
seconds."
    Mary whined," Do I have to? Beth, I just made you come."    
    Paul did not let me answer as he quickly said, "No you don't
have to. Beth and I are tired and we aren't going to get you off
without some incentive. Besides, I doubt that I can get it up
again after that great blow-job without some special excitement."
    Mary hesitated for awhile then agreed, "I guess it would be
okay. I kind of owe it to Beth. How will we do it?"
    Paul smiled and said," There are about thirty pins out on the
line. Get a sack and go get them. Beth and I will put numbers on
slips of paper in multiples of two. If there are thirty pins you
will have fifteen slips to choose from."
    While Mary went outside I started tearing pieces of paper
while Paul wrote on them. When I got twenty of them I offered to
help him put on numbers. He said, "Mary owes you. All your
punishments have been her idea. I know there are at least thirty
pins out there so I am putting thirty on all the papers. I
started to protest that this was not fair but Mary started into
the house so I kept silent. Paul asked her how many pins there
were and Mary told him there were thirty-eight. Paul started
writing thirty-two, thirty-four, thirty-six, and thirty-eight on
the remaining blank slips.
    Paul dumped the pins out on the coffee table and put the
slips in the sack. He made a big production out of shaking the
sack to mix up the numbers.
    Paul then said," Beth and I decided you might want to
chicken-out if you draw a high number. If you do you will get ten
lashes. If you decide to go on and want to quit before they are
all on, you will get a lash for each remaining pin. Agreed?"
    Mary agreed saying, " Yeah, it's no big deal. I stuck one of
the pins on my finger and it doesn't hurt that bad."
    Paul held the sack over her head while she drew out a slip.
Amazingly she picked number thirty-four. I did not feel bad about
our trickery now as I felt that with the odds favoring thirty she
must have thirty-four coming. Even if we had been honest she
probably would have got a high number.
    Paul said, " Okay take off your clothes and lie down on your
back with your arms above your head."
    " You are going to tie me up aren't you." Mary whimpered.
    " No." Paul said, " Just your legs so you won't kick us."
    Paul told me to get some rope. When I returned Mary was lying
as she was told with her legs so tightly closed you could not see
her pussy. We then tied ropes to her ankles and pulled her legs
apart till she was whining and tied them there. She brought her
hands down to rub her legs at the hips where they were being
strained by the pull.
    Paul watched her for a moment then said. " Enjoy yourself now
because the next time you bring your arms down you'll get hit.
    Mary moaned, " Please tie them up there. I don't think I can
do it."
    "You'll do it. You need to show us that you are brave as
Beth." reasoned Paul.
    " But I am not as brave as Beth. Where would you hit me?"
    " Wherever we want to." I chimed in.
    " Oh God, You would hit my pussy. Please tie me or give me
something to hold on to."
    We relented and brought in a kitchen chair so she could hold
onto a leg, but we placed the chair so she would be stretched out
and put one of the couch pillows under her ass so her pussy was
prominently displayed.
    Paul got on one side and I on the other. We would pinch the
skin and apply the clothespin starting at her pussy hair and
working up her abdomen. By the time we got to her breasts she was
moaning and shuddering, I got curious and attached one to my
breast. I was surprised to find how much it hurt and that it hurt
more the longer it was left on. Then hurt again when it was
removed and circulation returned. Try it sometime, you'll be
amazed.
    After we had attached about eight pins apiece to her breasts
Paul whispered to me to save two pins for the last for the nipple
on my side and four for her pussy.
    We then went back down and started putting on them on her
inner thighs and outer parts of her pussy. By this time Mary was
really moaning and twitching but was holding tight to the chair
leg.
    We went back to her breasts and Paul pulled out her nipple
and attached a pin horizontally at the base. I followed suit. He
then put another pin vertically on the end of her nipple the same
time as me. Mary couldn't stand it and got her hands almost to
her tits before she remembered. Paul just said, " That's once."
Mary knew immediately what he meant and grabbed the chair leg
even though she knew it was too late. We then started putting
them on the lips of her pussy. Somehow I had lost count and had
one left over. I tried to put it on her clitoris but by this time
she was so wet and shaking so much it slipped off. On my second
try Mary  brought her hands down to protect her clit and Paul
said, " One more for the hands and one for the last pin."
    He then told her to say "One" When she did he brought his
belt vertically down the lips of her cunt. I don't know if the
pins in the way helped her or hurt her. It took her a few minutes
to recover enough to say, "Two" When she did the belt came down
again with the tip hitting her asshole. The effect on her body
was chaotic. Her stomach and cunt-lips were shuddering and
vibrating while pussy juice ran down over her ass-hole as she had
this great orgasm. She must have wanted to keep it going because
she began to scream, "Three, three, three" over and over till
Paul gave her lash after lash in the same place until she stopped
screaming, "Three" and just laid there panting and shuddering as
the orgasms raced through her body.
    We waited till she had calmed down enough to lay quietly
whimpering and moaning then he then told her to start counting to
thirty-four by saying one and two and three etc for the seconds
the pins were to stay. She did not understand at first under the
effect of her orgasms and pain so the pins were on for a few
minutes before she counted to thirty-four. We started at the
bottom removing the pins and kissing, licking, or biting the
place the pin had been. This started her orgasms coming again and
by the time we got to the last pins on her breasts her body was
soaked in sweat from her spasmodic shuddering.
    Even after we got her untied she did not try to move. She was
making a whispering sound so I knelt close to her lips to hear
her saying " Thank you, thank you, thank you," over and over.
    That really made me feel good. Mary was obviously excited by
pain too so I no longer felt perverted. I rationalized that any
girl would become excited.
    We went to get a beer while she rested. By the time we got
back she was asleep. 
    In about twenty minutes she woke up and I asked her if the
thanks were for the orgasms or for ending the experience? She
told me she did not remember saying thanks. She said she had
really mixed feelings as she had never come so hard or so long
before in her life but was not sure she would ever let this be
done to her again. She asked me to put some salve on her pussy as
it felt as if it was on fire.  Believe it or not the salve
massage got her excited again so Paul fucked her while I worked
on her breasts with my lips and fingered her asshole. She was so
exhausted by now her first orgasm caused her to pass out.
    Paul and I carried her to bed. The experience really made me
horny but no matter how much I sucked and licked on Paul's dick
he couldn't get it up again and we all fell asleep.  
    We must have all been exhausted because we slept till noon.
Paul and Mary gathered up their stuff and helped me clean up the
house so they could be gone before Dad got back.
    We were standing out in the yard hugging and kissing each
other when all of a sudden Paul said, " Wait a minute I want to
leave you a present." then he headed toward the pasture.
    When he came back he had his hands behind his back. He told
me to pull down my shorts and close my eyes. I said " Don't hit
me, we don't have time to start another session." He said I am
not going to hit you. This is a present to remember us by." I did
as I was told and felt Mary pulling out the front of my panties.
I could feel this prickling sensation and when I pulled my
panties back out I saw he had dropped two handfuls of cockle-
burrs into my pussy hair. When I pulled up my shorts they pressed
into my pussy and Paul increased the sensation by rubbing my
pussy with his hands. After they left I found that just walking
around caused a hundred needles to stick me and if I wanted to
increase the sensation I could press against something. Although
it did not get me off it did keep me aroused so I took them out
long before Dad got back so I could be calm. It was a good
present as I found using them or the clothespins or both would
get me off for months afterward combined with masturbation. 




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 21

    It was now our junior year in high school and Mary and I got
our driver's licenses. My Dad would now let me drive his car or
pickup. Mary really got lucky. Her Dad bought her an old
Volkswagen Beetle which he overhauled so it ran great. The car
gave us a lot more freedom and a chance to meet some boys other
than the ones provided at the school dances by the boy's Catholic
school. We found to our dismay that even the boy's from public
schools were nearly as naive as the ones we had met at the
dances. Even worse, to Mary's chagrin, they had big mouths. Mary
had gone out with a boy she thought was cute. She told me that
she was so horny she had been willing to let him do anything he
wanted. The ninny was satisfied just by feeling her breasts and
then according to Mary's friends, could not wait to tell everyone
what he had done and how easy she was. This soured us completely
on the local boys and really made us miss Paul. Finally Mary got
the brilliant idea of going to Spokane ostensibly to get
brochures from and to inspect the college located there. In fact,
of course, we simply wanted to see Paul again. My Dad was not
impressed with the idea since he assumed I would go to the
teachers college in Ellensburg to follow in my Mother's
footsteps. He also argued that it would be so much cheaper at
Ellensburg as I could live at home. He relented when I told him I
would only go to college in Spokane in the event I got a
scholarship. He knew my grades weren't good enough nor was I a
great athlete. He insisted we stay over-night as it was a four
hour drive one-way and he did not want us to drive back at night
tired out. He gave us money for a motel and meals. This really
helped Mary as she was having  trouble with her folks justifying
an over-night trip. When they heard what my Dad said they agreed
to have us stay over. They were having some sort of argument with
Paul's parents so fortunately did not suggest we stay with them.
    We drove to Spokane early Saturday morning as fast as the
little bug would go. We went to the college first to grab some
brochures and take a quick look around to show our folks when we
got home.
     We then went directly to Paul's house to let him know we
would be at a motel so he could meet us there. We were both
really excited by the time we got to his house and was devastated
to hear from his Mother that he was not at home. He had gone
fishing somewhere and had not told her where he had gone. We
started back to the car very dejected when Paul's little brother
Jack, came over to say that Paul was at a fishing cabin up in the
hills. Jack said confidentially that Paul had not told their Mom
where he was going as he had some beer with him. Jack gave us
detailed directions to the cabin and we set off to find him.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 22

    When we got to the cabin we found that some beer was an
under-statement. There was a keg of beer on ice on the porch. We
knocked on the door but there was no answer. The door was open so
we went on in to wait for him. We could not imagine why he would
have so much beer but helped ourselves and had about six glasses
by the time he got back. 
    We were surprised and disappointed to find he had three
friends with him, Tony, Fred and Bill. It seemed our night of sex
was now out of the question. They insisted we stay around to help
them drink the keg. Since we had nothing better to do we decided
to stay in the hope that Paul's friends would go home later.
    After a few more beers Paul told his friends that I was a
great dancer and even knew how to belly-dance. They began to
insist that I show them. I begged off with the excuse that I had
no costume and no music in spite of the fact the idea really
appealed to me. Mary then said we have the ghettoblaster in the
car and even though we did not have belly-dance music we had a
great tape for me to do a strip-tease. I was genuinely shocked by
her suggestion and told her that there was no way I was going to
dance for strange boys who would no doubt tell every-one in the
world what I had done. Paul instantly spoke up, "If I hear one
word about this in town I'll beat the shit out of whoever
talked."  All the boy's were willing to swear on Bibles they
would not say anything to anyone. I stuck to my ground but after
a few more beers I relented to the point of saying I would if
Mary would. Paul jumped in to say, " That's a great idea. We can
make a contest out of it. We'll have prizes for the winner and
punishment for the loser. How about the winner being a Queen with
everyone obeying her commands while the loser will be the slave?" 
Mary said," It will take more than that to make me perform. How
about the boys voting for the winner with the loser getting ten
swats for each lost vote."  I felt very confident as I had
practiced stripping in front of the mirror at home after seeing
them on T.V. I was sure I could really impress the boys. I
agreed, with the stipulation that the swats would not be hard.
     Mary said, " I think I see just the thing to use." She then
walked over to the wall Where a hide was hung with slits cut in
it to make seven lashes about two feet long and about an inch
wide. Paul said he had made it for tassels on his saddle and it
was perfect as the leather was soft. He went to get it then
rolled it to make a handle which he taped together with
electricians tape. When he got through it looked a lot like a cat
of nine tails I had seen in a religious book about penitents.    
    He gave it to me and I agreed the leather was soft but it
would still really sting. Just feeling it made me excited and I
was almost sorry it would not be used on me as I was so confident
of winning.
    Mary said that I could be first so I asked, " How much are we
expected to take off?" 
    Paul said, "That's up to you. Whatever you think it will take
to win."
    They put on some soft rock music and the boys started to
cheer almost immediately. I did everything I saw on T.V. I was
just wearing a peasant blouse with an elastic top pulled down
just enough to show the bulge at the top of my breasts a micro-
skirt, a strapless bra and bikini-panties. I was down to my
panties right away and after much begging to, " Take it off! Take
it all off!" I did a finale by taking off my panties and doing a
split. The boys applauded the whole time. I slipped my blouse and
skirt back on to sit on the couch next to Paul to watch Mary.
    I knew that Mary was less inhibited than I but her
performance was at best, lewd. She got naked as fast as she could
while staying in time with the music, then she went from boy to
boy rubbing her breasts on their faces and giving them free
access to her body. She didn't even object when she turned her
back on them and they spanked her ass. She would just wiggle it
in front of them. I saw right away I had made a mistake going
first as the boys were going crazy. At the end of the song she
sat between them stark naked and said, " Let's vote!"
    I tried to object saying, " Wait. Let's make it two out of
three!" Mary reminded me that I was there when the rules were
made and it was too late to change them.
    The votes were cast and as I feared Mary got all four votes.
So much for style!
    In spite of my excitement I told Paul that it was not fair
and forty lashes would make terrible welts. He assured me that
they would not be hard, and I could set the pace by counting when
I was ready. I told him that I would have to be tied or I would
run out the door on the first one.     
    Paul said that could be a problem as they had no rope. Mary
solved the problem by saying," Here, you can use my panty hose.
Just put the crotch over the center beam for the ceiling and tie
her wrists to the feet." 
    I said, "I guess that would work." and stood up.
    The boys cheered with one saying, "Alright! She is going to
do it!"
    It made me proud to see them get so excited and added to my
excitement.
    I took off my blouse and skirt and stood on a chair while
Paul and Fred threw the panty hose over the beam and tied the
legs to my wrists. When I stepped off the chair the legs
stretched till my toes just touched the floor.
    Paul then said," See how beautiful her body is hanging there.
Come and feel her, all the skin is stretched tight and her
breasts are standing tall. She is not only beautiful. She is
brave and strong."
    Everyone agreed how great I looked and by the time everyone
had fondled my body I was turned on to the point I was looking
forward to the lashing. I even made a vow to myself not to scream
so they would not hit too easy and I could prove my bravery.
    The boys drew straws to decide who would be first. Fred won.
    Paul said "Wait. Just in case there are welts we don't want
them to show when she is wearing clothes."
    He held my blouse up to me  while Mary made a mark with her
lipstick at the top of my boobs then held my skirt a little
higher than I normally wore it while she made a line around my
thighs and on my back just above my butt.
    Paul said, "Don't hit her above the line on her boobs or butt
orbelow the line on her legs.
    Fred stammered, "You mean I can hit her front as well as her
butt? Even on her boobs and crotch?"
    Paul grinned and said, "Right. Anyplace between the lines."
    Fred got into position and I said,
    " One"  Fred hit me right across my butt. I had not realized
the soft leather would hurt so much. I broke my vow immediately
as I let out a squeal. It took a moment for the pain to subside
and turn to sensation so I could say,
    "Two" Fred hit my butt again as my squeal must have made him
think hitting my front would hurt too much. But as I became more
excited I was able to count faster and suppress my screams, so he
hit me acroos the front of my thighs just below my pussy. That
was more exciting and I just moaned so the rest hit my stomach
and thighs so close to my pussy I was straining to push it out
for him..
    It was Tony's turn now and I was so excited I moaned, " Don't
hit my butt."
    At " Eleven." He hit me across the back of the thighs. The
new area forced me to pause for a minute waiting for the
sensation before saying,
    " Twelve." He hit me a little higher on my thighs and on,
 " Thirteen." went just a little higher to the junction of my
hips. I was afraid he would put them all there but his next blow
was to the front of my thighs. He kept working up for the next
two and I was starting to soar as the last hit just below my
pussy. 
    He then told me to spread my legs. I was not ready and begged
him not to hit my pussy. He promised he wouldn't so I reluctantly
opened my legs.    
    He hit me on the inside of my right thigh and I remembered
how sensitive this area was, I howled and snapped my legs
together until this new severe pain could turn to pleasure. I
hung there panting for a moment before spreading my legs again.
He really seemed surprised to see my legs open but smiled and hit
the inside of my left thigh at " Eighteen."  This time it took
less time to reopen my thighs so the next two came rapidly just
below my pussy with the outer thong pulling my lips open.
 By this timeI was panting, crying, and incredibly turned on.
    When Bill stepped up I said," I am not going to count just
hit my front
when you want."
    Bill started just above my pussy and worked up and down my
front from my thighs to just below my breasts. Only one hit my
pussy but my legs were together so it wasn't bad.I almost begged
him to hit my breasts but the blows came so fast he was done
before I could admit my need.
    Now it was Paul's turn. He kissed me and asked if I was ready
or if I wanted a rest. I said, " Oh God. Yes I'm ready please
make me come." I spoke so low with the combination of excitement
and exhaustion only he could hear me. I heard the others asking
what I had said. They soon found out as Paul hit the outside of
my left breast, then the inside, then the outside of the right
one, then the inside. Mary and the boys were all yelling as they
saw my breasts jumping from side to side. He then brought two
lashes right across my nipples as I screamed and came.
    Paul then said, " Open your legs, Baby."  I came again as I
opened them while someone was  screaming " My God, she is doing
it."      
    Paul let me slowly open my legs further and further till he
was satisfied then he brought the whip up from the floor right on
my pussy. The feeling was stupendous I stopped breathing and just
shuddered as sensations ran all through my body I spread my legs
even further as I received the last two. I don't remember the
last one. The next thing I remember was lying on my side on the
couch. Everyone was gently putting salve on me. Paul said,
 " Look Honey, I bought some of that salve your Dad had, just in
case I saw you again. I keep it with me all the time."
    I thought this was incredibly sweet of him, I was also
enjoying the attention I was getting from everyone. When I felt
recovered I asked Paul if there was a mirror around so I could
see myself. He said there was one in the bedroom. Everyone
followed me in. I was amazed there was no blood considering the
pain I had experienced. The whole front of my body, my butt, and
my thighs were beet red. The multiple lash had spread the blows
enough so I looked like a striped tiger. 
    Fred said, " Your body is glowing. I can't believe how brave
you are. I could not stand being whipped like that." Everyone
agreed and I felt like a very special person. Mary seemed a
little irritated by all the attention I was getting, although she
agreed. This made me feel even better.
    Mary then said, " Let's not forget who is the queen here. My
first order is for all you guys to get naked. Beth and I want
company." I had not noticed till then that the boys were all
fully clothed while we were naked.
    When everyone was naked Mary said, " Paul, You eat my pussy.
Fred you suck on my nipples. While Beth sucks Tony's dick and
Bill fucks her from behind."
    Just when everyone was about to come, Mary said. " Everybody
change places." Now I was sucking Bill's dick which had just come
out of my pussy. In a way it was like eating my own pussy. I was
happy to find my pussy did not taste bad. After a few strokes
Tony took his dick out of my pussy and stuck it in my ass. Just
as I was about to complain he refilled my pussy with his fingers.
This triple penetration thrilled me beyond belief.
    In a short time Bill was coming in my mouth and it must have
been some time since he had come as I had to swallow several
times to get it all down. Just as I started to come, Tony started
to come with deep stokes in my ass while his fingers stretched my
pussy to the ultimate. This was more than enough  to get me off.
I realized coming by fucking was not nearly as thrilling as
coming from being whipped but it was still incredible.
    As usual the boys needed some time to recover after spending
so Mary and I played with each others pussies to stay up for
their recovery.    




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 23

    Mary soon became bored with our mutual masturbation and told
me to ask Tony what it will take to get him hard. When I asked,
he said, " I'm easy, just suck on my dick for awhile." I knew
that his dick had just come out of my ass, but I thought if it
was too gross I could quit. While I was thinking about it. Mary
yelled at me to " Do it." This was all the trigger I needed and
went down on him. I found that except for tasting a little salty
it was not unpleasant and my saliva soon had him clean. As soon
as he got hard Mary told him to come to her. She had him lie on
his back while she sank down on his dick. I then went to Paul who
told me to get on my hands and knees and go down on him while
Fred spanked my ass. I did as I was told expecting a spanking
with his hand. Instead, Fred got the whip and began to aim down
the center of my ass so the ends came around on my pussy. In
about five spanks Paul was rock hard and stood in front of Mary
so she could suck him while fucking Tony.
    By this time I was desperate for a cock of my own. Fred stood
me up and started fucking my ass from behind with his incredibly
long pecker. Fred was holding my upper arms back as he thrusted.
This made my tits stand out which was just too tempting for Bill
as he picked up the whip and started hitting my tits in time to
Fred's thrusts. This made me crazy and I was already coming by
the time Bill dropped the whip and started to fuck my pussy. the
sensation of two dicks pounding into me at the same time kept my
orgasm's coming.The exertion necessary to fuck standing up caused
us all to collapse on the floor as soon as they came.
    By this time the beer and the sex had taken it's toll and we
all went to sleep on the spot. By the time we woke up it was time
to start home. Even though the boys made half-hearted attempts to
interest us in more sex I was too sore and Mary too satiated to
become interested.
    On the way home I worried over whether the boys would tell
everyone about us. Mary told me that it did not matter since our
folks did not know anyone in Spokane and the only people we knew
were the ones we had made it with. After awhile it dawned on us
that what we had done was so wild that even if the boys did talk
no-one would believe them. We had heard much milder stories boys
had told and even these weren't believed.
    This was to be my last experience with Mary. Her Dad had
worked at the airport in Moses Lake and was offered a better job 
in California. We wrote to each other for awhile but then Mary
got pregnant and married and I after awhile we stopped writing to
each other. Neither of us were interested in our now boring day
to day experiences and she did not want me to mention our
experiences in case her husband saw the letter. Somehow she had
convinced him she was a virgin till he knocked her up.
    I missed her terribly. After our experiences the boys and
girls I met seemed very silly and naive. Since we had nothing in
common I made no new good friends.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 24

    My school finally decided we were old enough for a course in
Sex Education. I enrolled in the hopes I could find out why I was
so horny all the time. I swear that if I was a boy I would have a
hard-on constantly. In spite of nightly masturbation I could only
come about once or twice a week which created a lot of
frustration. I began to get a reputation for being bitchy.
    Sex Ed. turned out to be just a morals lecture with no real
information. The nun harped on about the dangers of sex before
marriage and the lie that sex was just a necessary evil to have
children. I took the whole thing with a grain of salt and managed
to keep from laughing at the girls who took the lectures
seriously.
    All this changed when the nun got to what she called the "
PERVERSIONS". She began to talk about Homosexuality, Sodomy, and
Roman orgies which was the story of my life. I had never felt
much guilt for what I had done since it felt good and one thing
seemed to flow into the other. Now I was told that I had
committed a Mortal Sin and that I was destined to go to Hell.
Remember I was raised a devout Catholic and though I did not go
along with their moral judgments that were not backed up by the
Bible or other religious books I was now faced with absolute
proof from the Bible that I was facing Hell.
    I was absolutely terrified. My Dad tried to find out what was
wrong but I couldn't tell him. He finally gave up, excusing my
sullen behavior and bursts of tears as just a phase I was going
through.
    After about a week of this I decided I had to do something to
try to save my soul. We had a new priest about forty years old
which was ancient to me. He was not bad looking but had the
reputation of being very forceful and stern. This was actually a
break for me as I could never have confessed to the former priest
who had known me all my life and had Baptized me.
    My Dad had let me drive the car to school in an effort to
cheer me up. I told him I may be home late as I was writing a
term paper, in the event I could not see the priest right away. I
did not want to call him for an appointment as I was afraid he
might want to know what I wanted and I did not want to discuss it
over the phone.
    There was a note on the church door saying the Priest had
gone to town on an errand and would be back shortly. I used the
time in the Church library re-reading the passages that were
condemning me to Hell and also browsed through the picture books
of the penitents and the martyrs. 
    By the time the priest arrived I was ready to be burned at
the stake if necessary to save my soul.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 25

    I started out trying to be as innocent as possible. The
Priest did not seem too upset about my masturbation but when I
told him Mary and I had gone down on each other and then had
group sex, he came unglued. Normally you speak in low voices or
whispers in the confessional but when he heard what I had to say
he almost yelled, " Girl! You have committed an unpardonable sin!
I will have to think of a way to try to save your soul."
    His outburst didn't allow me to confess to enjoying pain. 
    By this time I was crying and told him I was willing to do
penance.
    He said, " I can't think of a proper penance. You could not
say enough Rosaries or Hail Mary's in your lifetime to atone for
this. I think it will have to be a painful punishment."
    At that, the only thing I could think of were the wooden
paddles the nuns used at school. I told him that I had only
received ten swats by the nuns when I was younger and it had
bruised me so badly my Dad had noticed my discomfort right away
and I had to tell him I had been punished. I said it would take
hundreds of swats to atone and my father would know for sure. I
would rather kill myself than have him know what his only child
had done.
    The priest told me that he understood my dilemma but that he
thought he had a solution. He said that rather than one terrible
punishment I would be better trained by several less severe and
had a form of punishment that would hurt me but not bruise me
badly enough to keep me from sitting comfortably.
    I asked him what that would be but he countered with " I
think it would be best to show you. Do you have some time now?"
    I told him that I had told my father I may be home late. He
told me to follow him. We went through a door and down into the
basement past the furnace. We then went through another thick
wood door and down more steps to a sub-basement. Another door
opened to a store-room and on across to another door to another
room. It was very spooky as it was dimly lit by low wattage
bulbs. When he turned on the light in  this room it was a scene
right out of the Spanish Inquisition. There were cuffs and chains
hanging from the walls and ceiling, tables with cuffs attached,
one special table with a winch mechanism to stretch the body, and
a large wheel standing vertically so a person attached to it
could be turned to various positions or spun around. On closer
inspection I saw the leather cuffs were lined with sheepskin to
keep from cutting the skin, and various kinds of whips, switches,
canes, and paddles hung from the walls.
    I told the priest I would not have believed such a room would
exist in the church and asked him why it was here.
    The priest explained that such punishments were more common
many years ago. Women criminals would ask for privacy rather than
be whipped in the town square. In this place screams could never
be heard through all the earth and many thick doors.There was
still a need for special cases like mine, and the nuns asked to
be punished regularly to relieve their guilt for various sins.
    I realized I was at his mercy but was totally committed to do
what was necessary to save my soul.
    He went over to a wall and brought back a whip. It was "deja
vu" time. The whip looked like the ones the penitents had used
and much like the one Paul and the boys had used at the cabin. In
spite of my good intentions I felt my pussy getting wet.
    He said, " I think this will be appropriate in your case. It
will turn the skin quite red, but healthy skin will be back to
normal in a few days."  I knew it would be less than that with my
healing lotion but did not think I should mention it.
    I asked him not to hit me where it would show. I then went
under some cuffs in the center of the room and asked if this is
where he wanted me.
    He smiled at my willingness to cooperate. " Don't you want to
know how many lashes you will receive?"
    I told him I thought I would leave it up to him. He said, 
" Yes, I think a hundred or so would be about right."
    I was shocked and told him I would surely faint long before I
could take that many.
    He agreed explaining that he planned four or five sessions
depending on my reactions.  By spreading them out I would have a
chance to heal. Also, the anticipation of the next session would
serve to remind me of my sins.
    In agreement I raised my arms toward the cuffs above me.
    " No, You aren't ready. You saw how light this whip is. You
wouldn't even feel it with all those clothes on. Please take them
off."
    I hesitated as this embarrassed me for two reasons. I was
ashamed to be naked in front of a holy man, and I was afraid I
had become wet enough to show on my panties.
    He simply stared at me until I turned my back and took off my
blouse and jeans. I laid them on the stretching rack as I gave a
little shudder at the thought of what it could do. I was relieved
to see that any wetness on my panties would not be visible in the
dim light and turned around to face him in my panties and bra.
    This was not good enough. He told me to take off everything.
When I had done as I was told he said, " By not complaining you
are indicating a lack of modesty. I may have to add more
punishment for that."
    I did not argue the point as he lifted my arms up to the
cuffs. After buckling them to my wrists he went to the wall and
turned a winch slowly till my heels were pulled off the floor.
    He held the whip up to my lips and told me to kiss the whip
and ask him for my just punishment.
    I kissed the whip and being ashamed that I was feeling
sexually excited said," Please punish me severely. I know I
deserve the pain."
    He smiled and gave me three evenly spaced lashes on my butt.
Just as I was starting to turn the pain into pleasure he switched
to my back at my shoulder blades. This just hurt and I screamed.
He kept going from areas that turned me on to simply painful
areas for twenty lashes as if he knew just when to stop my
approaching orgasm.
    By this time tears were flowing onto my breasts and my
screams had turned to moans as my mind and body was confused by
the alternate thrill and pain.
    He stopped at this point and attached cuffs to my ankles
which he then pulled apart till I looked like an inverted "Y." I
assumed he was going to whip the inside of my thighs. This gave
me mixed feelings as the pain was quite severe in that area, but
I could still convert it to thrill if the blows were spaced far
enough apart.
    He went over to a chair to rest his arm and watch my body
shudder. I was sure he was getting a thrill out of my punishment
but in the dim light with his dark pants I could not tell if he
had a hard-on nor did I really care.
    " We really haven't gotten to the areas that have caused your
problem. Have we?"
    I was in so much pain I did not know what he was talking
about so I just shook my head in agreement and sobbed.
    He then got up and hit me right across my breasts. They
danced all over my chest and the pain shot directly down to my
crotch. He must have liked the effect as he hit me two more times
right across my nipples. Now I was sobbing in the effort to come
rather than for the pain and when he switched to my pussy I went
out of control, I don't know how many times he hit my pussy as by
the ninth ot tenth I passed out from a monster orgasm.
    When I woke up I was lying on the rack while he was applying
some sort of lotion to my body. He seemed contrite and a little
frightened as he apologized for hitting so hard.
    I was afraid he would cancel further sessions and I would go
to Hell so I reassured him that I deserved it and that he should
be glad he was helping me.   He regained his confidence and
became stern again. Saying, 
" The Church is having a rummage sale in about a month. You will
tell your father that you will need to stay after school on
fridays to help. I will be waiting for you in order to finish
your punishment,"
    " Yes. Oh yes. You'll see how good and obedient I can be."
    At that he helped me put my clothes back on except for my
panties and bra. I told him that my breasts and crotch were too
sensitive to wear them. Actually I wanted free access to them
when I got into the car. On the way home I managed to have two
more orgasms just by reliving my experiences in the basement and
touching myself. When I got home I was so tired I went directly
to bed and to sleep.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 26

    I had all week to think about my experience. And managed to
rationalize my orgasms under punishment as a religious
experience. A sort of Rapture. I did even more study of the
Penitents and some of their descriptions of feelings as their
soul was cleansed seemed quite similar to my climaxes. I knew
that it was true that at least part of my session had been very
painful. If it was not right the priest would not have condoned
it and God would not have let me enjoy parts of it. I also felt
good because the priest had not even mentioned my masturbation. I
took this as approval and could use the memory of the experience
to reach a climax nearly every night. Naturally I could not hit
myself as my Dad would have heard the slaps. I found an
instrument that brought about just the right amount of pain to
get off without really hurting myself.  I had bought a slicker
brush for our dog. This is a brush made of straight pins set in a
flexible rubber base. If I could not go over the top to a climax
I would pat my pussy and nipples with the brush. The pricks of
the pins were enough pain with no noise to get me over the edge
without making any noise my dad may have heard. Only on occasion
would I hit hard enough to form drops of blood. 
    I really enjoyed fantasizing about the many things that could
happen to me in that basement room. It turned me on to realize
that I was the priests total slave. No-one could hear me scream
from that room. He could even kill me if he wanted. I was sure
that since I was doing this to please God He would protect me
from any real harm. Since the priest had apologized for actions
which were not new to me I was sure he would not hurt me very
much. The one scary thing was that in my earlier experiences
there had been a third person to maintain control. With the
priest I had to rely on God, and the priest's control.
    This made the week fly by and I almost ran to the church the
next friday before remembering I had brought the car.
    The priest met me at the door and told me there were some
women there to discuss preparations for the Rummage and Bake
sale. He told me to go on down to the room and he would follow in
a few moments as soon as they left.         




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 27

    I went down to the room and took off all my clothes, even my
shoes and socks. I wanted to be as naked as possible for him.
    While waiting I laid down on the rack. I realized this would
not be satisfactory as my legs would be held closely together as
I was stretched and there would be no access to my pussy.
    I then went to the wheel and held my hands and feet to the
attachment points. This really spread my legs but the idea of
being spun on it turned me off. 
    The large bench seemed good as it would allow me to be
stretched out with my legs spread and totally helpless.
    I continued to walk around inspecting different apparatus and
was trying to figure out how it all worked when the priest walked
in.
    I was at the other end of the room when he came in. As I
walked toward him with my breasts gently swaying he noticed my
hands were at my sides making no effort to hide my body.
    " I see you still have a problem with modesty." I replied
that it seemed a little late for that. I noticed that he had
installed higher wattage bulbs so the place was somewhat brighter
than before but not so bright that the general mood of dread was
destroyed. I realized he would be able to see the stripes he put
on my body better now while at the same time I would be able to
see if whipping me would excite him, as it had the boys.
    I walked under the cuffs that held me before but he said, " I
picked those last time. You make the choice of your bonds this
time."
    This really thrilled me as again I was being forced to pick
my own form of punishment. There were so many choices it took me
a few minutes to decide. It occurred to me that if I chose a form
of bondage that protected my back I could avoid the pain that
never turned to sensation. At the same time I wanted to make my
ass available. The solution was to back up to some wall cuffs
that put my back to the wall while the rings on the floor would
pull my legs forward and apart which would leave space between
the wall and my ass.
    He watched fascinated as I stretched my arms up to the cuffs
above me then moved my feet out and apart about four feet to have
them next to rings in the floor ay that point just my shoulders
pressed against the wall and my legs trembled slightly at the
stretch. 
    He stood there a moment to admire my uplifted breasts and I
was sure gaping pussy then he came over to buckle on the cuffs
saying." Do you realize the position you have chosen means almost
all the lashes will fall on the front of your body."  
    " I know and it's all right. I know I need to be hurt to be
saved."
    He smiled and said, " Yes that is very true. I am glad you
realize it."  He buckled my ankles so my legs were as far apart
and forward as the rings in the floor would allow. My feet were
about four feet apart and forward enough so my upper back was
touching the wall while my butt was about a two feet away from
it. Then he put on my wrist buckles and tightened the ropes till
I felt my breasts being lifted and standing out proudly.
    He stepped back and admired me for a moment then said," This
coat is binding me." He took off his coat and shirt to show a
well muscled stomach and chest. I thought to myself that he must
do a lot of exercise as I reflected on the exercise he was about
to get at my expense. As I looked at him with his bare chest and
black pants the resemblance to the pictures of the executioners
in the religious books about the Inquisition made me think of
myself as one of the brave martyrs I had seen. I had been told
before how brave I was. This was confirmation as I waited
impatiently for the first blow.
    His first one came across my stomach below my belly-button
and then he started upward. I was starting to peak and looked
down to see the next one that would go across my breasts. He
disappointed me by starting back down. Just as I was anticipating
the lash to my pussy which I realized I was sticking out as far
as I could he skipped over it and started on my lower thighs. He
hit across the top so the lash ends would hit the tender insides.
Just as I was getting into this new more severe pain he stopped
just below my cunt to go to my other thigh. I felt frustrated. I
am sure he realized he was teasing me as by this time I was
straining at my bonds to get my pussy out for him as far as
possible.
    When he worked back up to my pussy I closed my eyes bracing
for the pain to my cunt. He fooled me and hit my breasts. I was
not ready for that. I screamed and shrunk back into the wall as
much as I could till the pain turned to sensation. He stopped at
this point as he realized he had really hurt me. When the heat
from my breasts moved down to my pussy I pushed my breasts back
out for the next lash of fire.
    This really pleased him. " You are such a brave, wonderful
girl. I am proud of you."
    This really made me feel good and I resolved not to scream or
back away again,
    I looked down at my breast and saw my nipples sticking way
out. As I watched, the lash came across them causing the lash and
the nipple to disappear in the flesh only to pop back out harder
than ever. The next lash hit them up from their base causing my
breasts to bounce up and dance, By this time my whole body was
shuddering and covered with sweat as my breasts kept in constant
movement.
    He stopped again and said, "Are you ready?"
    I knew he was asking if I was ready to have my pussy whipped.
Rather than answer I just pushed it forward as much as I could.
    The first one came from the side with the ends of the whip
hitting the crack of my pussy so the lips were pulled open. I
shrank back to the wall to allow the magic to turn this terrible
pain into pleasure. By the time I was able to push my pussy back
out to him he had moved to the other side and repeated pulling
the left lip wide open and hitting the tender inner lips. I again
had to pull back while savoring the sensations I knew would bring
a mighty orgasm.
    Then he brought one up from the floor to the center of my
pussy with the ends hitting my ass-hole. I had to pull back from
that one as the pain was unbearable for a few seconds.
    He said. " Push it out. and say "Now! When you are ready."
    It took awhile before I was able to push it out again. He
just stood there till I remembered to say, "Now."
    I think that was the most painfully thrilling lash I had ever
had. My body went wild with orgasms, shudders, muscle
contractions, and sweating as I came over and over.
    He simply waited till I started to calm down then he put his
hand on my pussy. I was so sopping wet his fingers slipped inside
with no resistance,     He murmured, " Maybe you were fascinated
by homosexuality because you did not know what a man was like." 
    Then he dropped his pants. He was not wearing shorts and his
dick was humongous. It reminded me of the cucumber I had used. I
was so excited I began to come again the second he had it inside
me. My pussy was so sensitive from the lashing I could feel his
crotch hair tickling and sticking my cunt as he thrust in and out
to the deepest part of my cunt. His hands were on my ass pushing
and pulling so hard the slapping sound of our bodies echoed
around the room.
    Finally he came and fell back to the chair to recover as he
watched me come down from my incredible high.
    When we had both calmed down he came over and unbuckled me
then carried me over to the rack so I could lie down.
    He said, " A man can do everything a woman can plus more."
With that he started kissing and licking my nipples working down
my stomach where he started tongueing and nibbling at my pussy.
Believe it or not I started to come again. Not the incredible
body wracking orgasms I had just had. These were pleasant and
loving. They struck me as a reward for being so brave.     
    Then he took me into his arms and cuddled me saying, " Do you
still think you have to have sex with girls?"  I realized he was
trying to maintain the illusion that all the things he had done
were just for my benefit. I felt so warm and loved I did not care
if he was trying to fool himself or me. I replied, " No. I had no
idea it could be like this. I will never be with a girl again."
It suddenly struck me that his next line could be " In that case
the punishment is over." I quickly added, " I still need more
help though, I don't want to take a chance on backsliding."
    He agreed, naturally. My body was really burning so I asked
him to get the salve in my purse as I knew it was more effective
than his as it had codeine or something in it to kill pain in
just a few minutes.
    He seemed a little surprised I had come prepared, but he got
it and started rubbing it gently into my skin. We were right
under the light bulb now and when I looked down at my body it
looked as if I had a bad sunburn from my breasts halfway down my
thighs. He was right about the lash. There were no really bad
welts and no cuts. I knew with my salve I would be fine by the
next day. His gentle caresses felt wonderful and I could have
laid there all night if it had not occurred to him he may be
missed. We dressed then he kissed me and said, " I'll see you
friday." He went up first to make sure no-one was around then
walked me to the car.
    I left happy knowing I had new fantasies for the coming week.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 28

    For the next week I grappled with the concept of my
salvation. I could not make up my mind whether the priest had
made love to me as he said, to defeat my tendencies toward
homosexuality or simply because he had become so excited in the
throes of my punishment he had lost control. I finally decided
that he would not throw away his years of celibacy and his
devotion to the Church just to satisfy his horniness. He must
have made a supreme sacrifice in order to save me. This idea
placed him near sainthood in my eyes and I resolved to do
anything necessary to please him or to help him in his efforts to
save me. I felt that my ability to turn pain into supreme
pleasure had to be some gift from God. The priest was just an
instrument to test my limits and my faith. I realize now that
this was just a rationalization on my part and that if I had
truly believed it I would not have been so secretive about it.
    In the meantime I gloried in my rationalization and spent
every free moment thinking of tortures he might devise. I placed
myself on all the apparatus in the basement and imagined being
whipped by every instrument I could think of. I also experimented
with pinching, piercing and even burning. I always backed off
from anything that would scar my body. I clearly separated the
dream from reality.
    When my Dad was gone on errands or veterinary work I wandered
about the buildings and ranch to experiment with different items
I found to excite or hurt me.
    By the wood lathe I found a table leg my dad had discarded.
It was about as big around as a soft-ball bat and about a foot
long. Dad had used chisels to make something that looked like a
giant cork screw. He had cut too deep in one or two places which
explained why he threw it away. I took down my shorts, I hardly
ever wore panties anymore, and tried to put it in my pussy. It
was too big to go in at first but after using my fingers for a
while I became wet enough to get it in. It was great! The lips of
my pussy would have to stretch over the big parts then go into
the skinny parts while my clitoris would come into and out of
contact as I pushed it in and pulled it out. I took it to my
bedroom and hid it in my lingerie drawer. I could only use it
when Dad was gone or watching something loud on T.V. since I
could not stay silent as I came.
    While looking around in the attic I found an old spinning
wheel with the seat and bobbin missing. As I was idly turning the
wheel it occurred to me that if a strap was attached to the wheel
I could pump the pedals and the strap would come around against
my breasts or pussy depending on where I placed myself on the two
boards that supported the wheel. I rushed down to the barn to
look for a suitable strap. I finally found a leather strap about
three inches wide and three feet long. I found a hammer and nail
and went back to the attic to nail it on the wheel. When I turned
the wheel I found the strap was too long. It hit the floor
between the pedals which deflected it so it hit the sides of the
boards I planned to sit on instead of cleanly up the middle as I
wanted. I went to the kitchen to get a knife to cut the strap off
at the spot it touched the floor. As an after thought I slit the
strap in two places so I would have three one inch lashes coming
around. Just the anticipation of what was to come had me quite
agitated, I sat back on the boards and started to pedal. When I
had the speed of the wheel where I wanted it I leaned forward
till the strap just kissed my breast. I leaned forward more until
my breast started to dance with the lashes. I leaned from one
side to the other so both my tits could feel the leather as I
slowly increased the speed of the wheel. This proved to be very
satisfactory and soon my pussy was begging to join in. I leaned
back and slid my butt closer to the wheel inch by inch till the
straps made more and more contact with my cunt. Cutting the strap
into three pieces was pure genius as every time the strap came
around it hit the outside and the crack of my cunny
simultaneously. Just by moving my ass I could direct the lashes
wherever I wanted. I finally worked up the courage to spread my
legs as far as possible and still pedal so the center strap would
hit my clitoris. The pain was terrible and wonderful. The only
problem was that I became so uncoordinated when I came I could
not keep the wheel going or aim the straps as I wanted. This may
have been for the best since I was so carried away I may have
really hurt myself. This did not stop me from wishing I had a
motor or another person to turn the wheel. I thought about it a
lot but I did not know enough about mechanics to hook up a motor
without interfering with the strap.
    In the fields I found cockle-burrs, and other things to
experiment with. I even whipped my breasts with a branch from a
rose bush. The small amount of blood from the pin-pricks left by
the thorns did not bother me but I was afraid to try hitting my
pussy as I might get carried away and really hurt or scar myself.
I remembered there were rose bushes around the church and
fantasized the priest using them on me.
    In the shop I tried putting my breast in a vise but the
feeling was too lop-sided and the pain was too deep and long-
lasting to be good. I found some alligator clips used for
electrical things that were more painful than clothespins. Again
the longer I left them on the more they would hurt. I would put
them on my nipples then put on my bra and shirt. When I thought I
could not stand the pain any longer I was forced to take it just
enough longer to unbutton my shirt and loosen my bra. Since I got
uncoordinated when I came this could increase the time a lot.
    One day I accidentally touched the electric fence. The ground
was dry so it was not that bad and I could hold on to it with
only mild discomfort. I knew Dad had a spare fence charger in the
shop so when he went to town I put wires onto two alligator clips
and a bolt. My Dad had taught me that in order for electricity to
work you needed a ground wire and a hot wire. I hooked the bolt
to the ground connection of the fence charger and the alligator
clips to the hot connection. Then I put the bolt in my pussy and
the clips on my nipples. I expected the tingling sensation I had
felt from the fence. When I turned on the charger I almost ripped
off my nipples jerking away. Fortunately the bolt came out and
the jolts stopped. I was not a science whiz and did not know that
the weak shock I had received from the fence was because of the
poor ground I had by wearing shoes on dry ground. By wiring
direct the way I had the voltage was about the same as that to a
car spark plug causing more pain than I could bear.
    I still wanted to experience the tingling sensation from
electricity. A few days later I touched the fence to find it was
bearable. I took off my T-shirt and put my breasts against the
wire. I loved it! The electricity hit in pulses which would make
the muscles in my breasts contract to keep them in motion. I
gradually got my nipples in contact which increased the sensation
a lot. The only draw-back was that the pulses were evenly spaced
and I wanted them to speed up and get stronger as I came closer
to coming, which was not possible. I wondered if the priest would
know how to do it.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 29

    On friday the priest met me at the door. He put a note on the
outside of the door then locked it. This was new so I asked him
what the note said. He told me the women working for the rummage
sale were dropping by un-announced. The note said he was away and
to leave a message for his return. He explained he did not want
anyone wandering around looking for him while we were having our
session.
    When I took off my clothes this time I faced him and removed
them slowly as in a strip-tease without music. When I was naked
he said again that he would have to think of something to cure my
lack of modesty at another session. This session would test my
obedience.
    I assured him that I would do whatever he asked no matter how
it may hurt my body or my feelings. He seemed pleased by my
answer and said, " That's fine. You know I want you to be a
brave, obedient, and good girl don't you?" " Oh yes," I replied,
" You will see how good I will be."
    As I was speaking he was removing his coat and shirt. When
done he said, " The first test will be regarding your attitude
toward heterosexuality. Come over to me. Get on your knees and
take down my trousers."  When I had done as he asked, I noted
that this was the first time I had seen his dick soft. Even soft
it was larger than most of the boys I had been with when theirs
were hard.
    With an authoritarian tone he said, " Put my penis in your
mouth and make love to it. If you cannot get it all in your mouth
you may be punished." I had it all in my mouth until it got hard
then it proved impossible. It was just too large for my throat.
No matter what I did I would gag and back off when it started
down my throat. He finally pushed my head back off his dick. I
really felt bad I had not been able to please him and apologized
copiously. He ignored my apologies saying, " Ask me to put my
penis in your pussy." I did as he said but he was not satisfied
until I was begging him to please fuck me and promising him I
would not fail to please him again. When he relented and started
fucking me with long strokes the fact that I was forced to beg
him to fuck me added enough thrill that I was about to come
without pain. He stopped! " Ask me to put it in your anus."
This time I began to beg immediately and when he drove that huge
mass into my asshole I was glad he had fucked my pussy first to
get it wet and slick. Even with this lubrication my poor ass-hole
was stretched to the point it felt as if it was ripping and his
dick was so long it must have come close to hitting my stomach. I
managed to come before he did. As I was hugging him after he
came, I reinforced my opinion that the treatment was working. I
had come with just a little pain and with no women around. Again
the orgasm was not as strong as the ones I got with pain but I
felt it was a start and was crying and thanking him in near
hysteria. 
    He let me calm down then informed me that there would be
further tests. He told me that since I had failed the first test
He had another that I could not fail for any physical reason. I
begged him to let me take it and promised again I would not fail.
    He told me he was glad to hear I had the right attitude. 
"On a piece of plywood on the floor by the wheel you will find
fifty thumb-tacks. I want you to pick them up and bring them to
me on your hands and knees."  I thanked him for the easy task,
but he said, "It won't be so easy. You can't use your hands.
Those tacks are all pointed up. You will pick them up by lying
your breasts on them hard enough to make them stick in your
skin." 
    As you remember I had used the slicker-brush and other things
to pierce my skin so still did not think this would be too hard.
and told him I would be glad to do it if it would please him.
    "There is more to the test. When you come back I will count
the tacks. You will get two lashes for each tack missing."
Although being lashed again did not seem that bad to me I was
determined to please him.
    What I had not taken into account was the fact that thumb-
tacks are not very sharp. I really had to press down hard to get
them deep enough in my skin to stay. In order to get them all to
stick I had to let down on them several times causing tacks
already stuck in me to push in even further till the ones around
my nipples were pushed in all the way to the heads. Since they
were not sharp they seemed to tear my skin on the way in. I tried
to miss my nipples but he had put the tacks so closely together I
ended up with two or three in each nipple and worse these were
pushed in all the way so I could get the others on the outsides
to stick in. This really hurt but the idea that I was pleasing
him and God by my actions and the fact that I was able to turn
even this pain to sensations directed to my pussy kept me to the
task. I had to put my weight on the tacks several times as
sometimes the tack would roll over on their sides and others
would not go deep enough to stick. 
    When I was sure I had them all I began to crawl back to him.
My breasts hanging straight down would swing with every movement
and I heard some tacks hit the concrete floor as my breasts
bumped against my arms. He had made the task no easier by sitting
on the chair at the far end of the room.
    When I got to him he had me get up on my knees with my hands
behind my head. while he counted the tacks. He pushed in on every
tack as he counted it pushing the ones that were only half in to
go flush with my skin. By the time he got to the end my body was
pulsating like mad and I was pushing toward his finger with each
count.
    When done he said that I was ten tacks short. By this time I
had no idea if the count was right nor did I care. He lifted me
to my feet and led me over to the wheel. When I was tied to it
forming an "X" shape he said, " Since you tried to do your task I
will let you choose the areas to be punished." Since my breasts
were so tender by now I said, " Please give me four on my breasts
and the rest on my crotch." 
    He seemed surprised saying, " None on your stomach or
thighs?"
    I explained, " I failed at my task. I should be punished in
the most sensitive areas."  Actually I did not know my stomach
and thighs were an option before my choice. I was not going to
back down now.
    I hung on the wheel waiting for him to remove the tacks for
my whipping. Instead he started taking tacks out of the box
saying, " I'll put back the tacks you missed." Then he began
pushing them into the outer lips of my pussy. When he finished
there were vertical lines of five tacks on each side of the slit
of my pussy. Each tack increased the level of my excitement. He
seemed pleased that I simply moaned as each was pushed in.
    He started with my breasts and the first few lashes were
excruciatingly painful as the tacks were pushed and twisted in my
skin by the whip. Each lash caused tacks to pop out so the last
lash did not hit a tack. Even this pain turned to pleasure
although there was some delay because of the intensity of the
pain.
    He saw that I was coming by the time he had turned my breasts
to fire on the last lash. He stopped to watch me gyrate, pant,
and sweat as I came back down.
    When my gyrations slowed down and I started to breathe almost
normally he unlocked the wheel and turned it so I was standing on
my head. He said," You won't pass out with all the blood going to
your head." He was right and I would have liked to pass out
before it was over. My pussy did not shake like my breasts and
with his overhand swings directly on my cunt the tacks stayed in
place causing much deeper and mixed pain. What made it bearable
was the fact he began hitting me easy increasing the strength and
speed as my excitement increased. By the tenth stroke some of the
tacks had come out and I was able to come close to orgasm. When
he saw me pushing out my pussy to meet his blows he started
saying, " Good girl, or brave girl." with each swing. By the last
lash juice from my pussy was running down my stomach nearly to my
belly- button. He buried his tongue in my pussy then kissed,
nibbled, and lapped at it till I no longer had individual
orgasms. Just constant thrill while my mind spaced out.
    Then he spun me right side up and buried his monster dick in
my pussy. He was wild this time and our bodies collided like a
trip-hammer while the few tacks left on my pussy dug in. When he
came he literally fell back to the floor. By the time he had
recovered enough to untie me I had settled down to spasmodic
twitches.
    He carried me back to the rack and began to gently remove the
remaining tacks and apply the salve as he kissed and fondled me.
There was blood on my breasts and pussy so he got a towel and
wiped off the blood with the salve. He was glad to see the blood
stopped almost immediately but must have felt guilty as he said,"
I think you have paid for your sins. You don't have to come
back."
    " I don't think I have. I failed the tests you gave me. I
should at least have to make up for that." I argued.
    He smiled and said," You are so brave the Saints and Martyrs
would be proud of you. Of course you are right. Your punishment
should end only when you feel you have been saved.
    This really made me feel proud and I would have been willing
to suffer more in spite of my now very sore body if he had not
put on his clothes and began to dress me. I started to protest
the panties and bra but he told me that this way I would feel the
pain all the way home. He was right. I could hardly wait to get
to my room and my table leg to have one more orgasm before I went
to sleep.
    Just before I left He took out a tape measure to measure the
distance from the floor to my pussy, my breasts, and my ass. This
naturally piqued my curiosity but when I asked him why he was
doing it he would only say " It is a surprise. Wait till friday."




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 30

    By the following friday I was so curious and excited at the
prospect of what was to come I had to wear a panty liner to keep
my panties from becoming soaked. I was reprimanded several times
during the day for not paying attention and had to force myself
to listen in the fear I might be kept after school.
    When I got to the basement I saw tarps hiding some things in
the room. When I asked about them. He said," They are the
surprises I told you about last friday. Now get undressed."
    When I was naked he told me that in this session we would see
how brave I was as I would determine my punishment. He then
pulled off one of the tarps and I discovered the priest was also
an inventor. The device was a short saw-horse with a broom coming
up from the center. There was a bar in front presumably to be
tied to.
    He told me to come over and straddle the saw-horse and stand
on my toes with my hands on the bar. Then he brought the broom up
to the point it just touched the bottom of my pussy and locked it
into place.He had trimmed the broom in a "V" shape which made the
straws quite sharp. He said He would time me and that I would be
standing on my tip-toes for at least five minutes. If I went
longer I would be rewarded. I could get off at any time.
    I was not impressed at first as I thought I could stay on my
toes forever. I found out in a short time my legs started to
cramp. When I let my heels down a little to ease the pain in my
legs the sharp needle-like points of the broom-straws stuck into
my pussy. This new pain would bring me back up on my toes only to
have to sink back down again. This seemed to keep on forever. I
had no idea how much time had gone by. Finally I could not get
back up on my toes and stood there flat-footed. My body was of
course, pulsating so there were new punctures happening to my
pussy constantly. Finally the priest realized I would not get off
by myself in fear the five minutes were not up so he lowered the
broom and lifted me in his arms to carry me to the rack. 
    " You were fantastic. You were on there for ten minutes. Here
is your reward." At that he went down on me to keep my orgasms
going. When I could not stand it any longer I pushed his head
away and saw there was blood on his cheeks.
    While I recovered he put some salve on my pussy while
continuing to kiss me and compliment me on my bravery. I thanked
him for the compliments and told him how happy I was to please
him and the Lord. He seemed a bit taken back at the mention of
the Lord but maintained his cool and kept fondly stroking and
kissing me.
    In a few minutes I told him I was ready for the next
experience. He told me to stay where I was while he pulled the
tarp off the next device. I recognized it immediately as a fence
charger like my Dad's. I remembered my experience with that and
told him I could not stand it. At that he said sternly, " You
have not let me explain how it works." He showed me a one inch
pipe with a cap on it and two clamps for a battery charger. " The
pipe goes into your pussy and the clamps on your nipples. This
sheet of metal goes under your butt for a ground." I started to
protest again when he said " Shut your mouth. This switch is a
rheostat. You can turn off the current or turn it up as high as
you want. I'll watch this voltmeter to see how you do." I was
still skeptical but let him pinch my nipples with the clamps and
fill my pussy with the pipe.
    It took a moment to get used to the pain the clamps were
giving to my nipples but then as usual the pain started to change
and I turned the rheostat just a little bit. I was pleasantly
surprised by a tingle pulsing about once a second. This felt very
good so I turned it up a little more. Now the pulses were strong
enough to affect my muscles. The pipe in my pussy felt as if it
was moving. Actually my cunt muscles were moving around the pipe.
I looked over to the priest and saw he was holding another switch
in his hand. I turned it up some more. Now the shocks were
causing my breasts and pussy to jump. I also noticed the pulses
were coming faster. As I adjusted to the new level I looked at
the priest and saw him turn his switch a little. At the same time
the pulses came faster and I knew he had solved the problem I
couldn't. On the next notch my whole body began to jump with the
current. My breasts were dancing and my whole stomach area was
pulsating. I was rapidly reaching orgasm as I turned the rheostat
to max. At the same time the priest turned his and I started
coming. I could not stop coming and tears were flowing from my
eyes as my body became independent. I could not control myself
enough to turn down the rheostat. Finally the priest heard my
moans of " No more. Please no more." and shut it off for me. My
body continued to pulsate for some time and I think I must have
passed out for a minute. When I came around the priest was
talking to himself. " Jesus, I don't believe it. Her rheostat and
my timer were both at max. I could not stand that much on my
hands and she does it on her nipples and pussy."
    He did not know I was awake until I weakly said "Thank you."
He kissed me and told me I was wonderful and that he loved me. He
had never said that before. I was even more determined to prove
myself.
    He evidentally thought I was through for the evening as he
gave me a glass of water then went upstairs to bring down some
wine and glasses.
    He poured me a glass and asked me if I wanted to get dressed.
" Don't you like to see me nude? You know I just want to please
you."  He said " God, yes. You can't get naked enough for me. You
are beautiful. I'll bet you are even beautiful under your skin." 
This evidentally gave him an idea. " Spread your legs as far as
you can and use your fingers to spread your pussy lips."  He was
not satisfied by my first efforts and kept saying "More. More."
until I was afraid I was going to tear my skin. He then said " I
want to try something." He took off his shoe and began to push it
into my pussy. There was sand on the sole which cut me, but this
was nothing compared to the feeling as the laces began pushung
against my clit. He kept pushing it in as I pumped my hips slowly
back and forth to help him work it in. When about half of the
laces were scraping my clit the stretch got so great I was afraid
my lips would tear and screamed while I pulled back. That
happened too fast and hurt too much for me to come. He saw the
different effect and said he was sorry. He tried to make a joke
saying that if anyone asked I was a ten "D". At the time I was in
too much pain to appreciate it my clit felt raw from the laces
and my lips were aching from the strain. When he continued to
apologize I told him that it was all right. I just felt bad
because I couldn't stand the pain well enough to get his whole
shoe in me. At that he cuddled me and told me again that I was
wonderful and that he was amazed I did as well as I did.
    We had a few more glasses of wine while we rested and
cuddled. He asked me if I was ready to go home. I looked around
and said, " There is still one more tarp."  He asked
incredulously if I thought I could take even more. I reminded him
I was young and recovered fast. He seemed doubtful but finally
said " Well, I guess I can show you how it works and you can make
up your mind after you see it.
    When he took off the tarp I realized how crude my spinning
wheel was. There was one bicycle wheel with two straps connected
to it running vertically at pussy level, another at butt level,
and two at my breast level. He showed me the rheostat that
controlled everything and a switch to reverse the motors. He
turned it on at a slow speed and it was amazing! I would be hit
either upwards or downward at my pussy, my ass, and each breast
all at the same time. The whips were made up of several strands
to cover the maximum area of my body.
    It must have taken him a lot of time and thought to make such
a wonderful device and I felt grateful he would go to all this
trouble for me. I did not even consider the fact he might enjoy
seeing me in it.
    He pointed out the cuffs for my wrists and ankles to hold me
in place with my legs spread reminding me that it was up to me to
control speed and direction with the switch at my left hand on
the cuff bar and the speed control by my right hand.     
    I was anxious to have him get me cuffed and get out of the
way so I could turn it on. As soon as he stepped back I turned
the speed control to the first notch. The wheels turned slowly as
the breast whip hit at the top of my breast and scraped by my
nipples. The cunt whip hit me just below my belly button and
pulled through my pussy hair. The ass whip hit just below the
dimples of my ass. The slow speed just gave me a tingling
sensation which was very pleasant almost like a massage. The
second notch started my tits bouncing and created a stinging
sensation. I left it at that point while the sensations built
then went to three. This really started my tits bouncing and
strands of the whips started to enter the crack of my ass and
pussy. The pain and the resultant sensations were multiplying. At
four, I was at the threshold of coming and quickly went to the
last notch of five. The pain was nearly constant now but I could
not get over the edge. I hit the reverse switch. This made a
fantastic difference! My tits were now being hit on the tender
underside and were thrown upwards while the ass and pussy whips
went into the crack of my ass and pussy to beat against my
asshole and clitoris while my tits were lifted up to my chin by
the force of the lashes. The pain became awesome and I totally
freaked. My fingers left the controls while I tugged at my bonds
in the mixed sensation of fantastic orgasms with horrible pain.
The priest could not stand my screams any longer and pulled the
plug out of the wall. I fell over the bondage bars. The next
thing I was aware of was the priest applying salve to my body
while he was sobbing.  I looked down at my body and saw why he
was upset. My breasts were beet red as well as my stomach and
there were welts oozing blood in several places. When I tried to
get up I found I could not get my legs together without creating
a great deal of pain and certainly could not walk normally.
    It was obvious I could not go home in this condition so the
priest called my Dad and told him I had car trouble which the
priest could fix the next day when he could buy the part he
needed. Dad agreed I could stay at the Rectory as there were
extra bedrooms and neither of us had any good friends in town.
    For the first time the salve was not working well. I told the
priest my skin was burning so he put me in a cool bath. This
really helped and after about a half-hour I got out whereupon he
dried me with some soft towels and applied more salve.
    It was too early to go to bed so I joined him on the couch
lying on my side while he watched T.V. and continued to put salve
on the worst welts. His tender care felt wonderful while I
maintained my excitement by remembering the pain I had suffered
and the way my tits had been burned and pulled by the lashes. His
cresses felt so good I rolled over on my back ignoring the pain
to my sore butt so he would have greater access to my tits and
pussy. I lifted my legs and spread them so he could put the salve
dirctly on my engorged clitoris to have several little orgasms
while he smiled at my reactions. 
    In a few hours the pain was gone and most of the redness. The
priest was amazed. I explained I had very white skin that
reddened easily but also returned to normal fairly rapidly.
    He continued to fondle, and caress me as I laid there with my
head on his lap. My pain was soon forgotten and I since he was
making me feel so good I thought I should provide a great climax
for him. I thoght of something that would excite him while I
repaid his attention with pain to myself.
    I said " Do you remember the tests you gave me in the last
session?" 
    "Yes,of course I do, you were wonderful." He replied "Why do
you ask?"
    " I failed to get all your penis in my mouth, and I did not
bring all the tacks. I think I can make up for that now. I saw a
movie on our satellite T.V. last night and the woman was able to
swallow a very large penis by lying on her back on a table and
letting her head lie back so it was a straight line from her
mouth to her throat."  
    I could tell the idea appealed to him as his dick hardened
and pushed on the side of my head. He said " Lets try it."
    I said that first I would like to make up for my failure on
the tacks. He disagreed saying " You have already paid for that
failure. Besides, your body must be too sore for any further
punishment."
    " I don't think the punishment for failure was appropriate.
Since you spanked me ( a euphemism for the terrific lashing I had
received ) while a form of puncturing would have been better. I
saw your rose bushes in the yard. If you cut a branch from one of
them to whip me with I would feel I had truly paid for my
failure." 
    He said " Your body is already pretty badly marked. Your
pussy was even bleeding. Rose branches would make it bleed even
more. I don't think I would feel right doing it."
    I was stroking his dick gently as I repled, " That is why
this is the perfect time. Since I have to heal anyway a few more
marks won't make any difference. I hit myself with a rose branch
once. It just makes tiny punctures that just ooze a little. I
won't be tied. If I can't stand it I will back away."
    He must have been thinking that he would not get his dick
down my throat if he did not comply with my wishes as after a few
more weak excuses he said, " I don't want to be responsible for
any injuries. If you are serious you should pick out the branch."
I agreed, put on his robe and went to the kitchen for a clipper
to cut the branch and bring it in.
    It was just like when I got the switches for Paul and Mary
except it was even more exciting because I knew no matter how
lightly he hit I would be hurt badly to impress him even more of
my bravery. The branches were over five feet long.
    He laughed nervously then said, "What do you want me to do?
Whip your ankles? That is much too long and we don't need two of
them."
    "Wait. I haven't trimmed it."
    I took off the thorns on the thick ends to make a handle and
cut the flower and leaves off then cut off about two feet off the
small ends to leave a branch long enough to reach from my breasts
to my pussy. This left canes about a half inch thick with only
the biggest and longest thorns.
    I got up on the table and laid back so my head was lying off
the end and my legs spread so my knees were at the sides with my
lower legs dangling.
    I said, "With my head back like this you should be able to
get your penis down my throat. Take a branch in each hand and
bring the left one flat down from my left breast to my pussy and
the right on from my right breast to my pussy. If you do it right
I should end up with a big red "X" covering my whole front."
    "God! that will hurt awfully and will surely cause bleeding."
    "I know. I should be hurt. I want to be hurt. If I am hurt
badly enough God will reward me with a fantastic orgasm."
    He put his throbbing hard dick into my mouth but even this
position would not allow me to get it down my throat. I pulled
back enough to say "Hit me. If I scream my throat will open up."
    His first two blows were very light. The thorns dug in but I
did not even feel the branch. " Harder," I said. Then he really
started to lay them on. My throat opened with my scream and he
shoved his dick into my mouth until it forced open my throat and
my nose went into his pubic hair. was The double pain of the
thorns and branch felt electrifying as the thorns dug into my
nipples and open pussy. Amazingly the pain and asphyxiation since
I could only gasp for breath when his dick was was pulling out
brought me to fantastic orgasms very quickly. That was good
because the excitement I gave him from the sight of the thorns
ripping into my skin and my tight, gasping throat on his dick
made him cum in record time. I felt his dick jump in my mouth as
his semen gushed into my throat. I held his ass with all my
strength  till I started coming down and his penis was completely
limp.
    He was so exhausted he just collapsed to the floor panting. I
got up and kissed him then hurried to his bedroom as I wanted to
inspect myself in his full length mirror. I was astonished that I
had been able to withstand the pain so easily. There was a
perfect "X"  just big enough to cover all the pink of my nipples
leading right into the slit of my pussy. Amazingly although there
was blood covering all the "X" none was running down my legs. My
clit and nipples were still throbbing with pain and I pulled my
pussy lips open to see all the inner lips were bloody and it was
obvious some thorns had hit my clit. I ran to the bathroom and
dabbed at my nipples and opened my lips to dab at my pussy. The
blood washed away but tiny drops kept forming for a few minutes.
    He was able to recover enough to come in and ask if I was
alright. I turned to him holding my lips apart and said
triumphantly, "I am fine! See there are just tiny drops of blood
but I am still in quite a bit of pain."
    He picked me up and carried me to bed where he caressed me
with salve. I must have been allergic to the thorns or something
as there was a stinging sensation the salve could not relieve
completely as it had in the past.
    He complimented and fondled me till we were both aroused
again. 
    I said, "I should be super-sensitive now. Will you fuck me
again?"
    He turned on all the lights in the bedroom as he explained
that he wanted to see my stripes. He had me get on top and feed
his massive dick into my pussy. The sight must have really turned
him on. Any time I leaned forward to press my tits to his chest
he would push me back up so he could see me again. He took a long
time to cum since it was so close to his massive orgasm so I was
able to have orgasms until I was exhausted..   
    We slept late so he had to rush me out before the women
dropped by to discuss the Bake sale. He told me to tell My Dad
there was no charge to fix my car.
    My Dad left an extra donation that Sunday to make up for it.
I knew I would never be able to concentrate on the sermon so
volunteered to stay home to care for the animals.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 31

    This time I was not all well the next day. The whole front of
me was red from an allergic reaction to the rose and it took
about three days for the hydro-cortisone ointment to clear it up.
The itching and burning reminded me all day of what had happened.
which kept me constantly aroused.      As soon as I could go to
my room without making my Dad suspicious I would strip in front
of my mirror and put on the hydro-cortisone. The salve would make
my skin burn even more for a few minutes which would be all I
needed to get out the chair-leg to bring myself off. I liked to
watch the leg drag the lips of my pussy inside then pull them way
out on the out stroke. Meanwhile, they would be jumping out and
in over the bumps and hollows.
    I spent a lot of time trying to find out why I reacted to
pain as I did. I knew the other girls carried on for hours over
small hurts I hardly noticed. I was sure if they had taken the
punishment I had or even if I had told them about it they would
completely freak out. They were still being excited by accidental
or purposeful touches to their breasts and wondering if they
would be able to stand the terrible pain of having their hymens
torn. I could not even remember any pain connected to my first
time.
    I spent a lot of time reflecting on this dilemma and finally
hit on the explanation that not only answered the problem but
also provided the excuse to continue. I could hardly wait for the
next session to tell the priest who had also realized we could no
longer continue the sessions on a religious basis.
    I spent the time till the next session trying to guess what
the priest would come up with next. Every session had been
different and my imagination had run out. Any thing I came up
with would be too painful or would scar me.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 32

    On the next session after I was naked but before he could get
started I said " I know now why I react to the pain the way I
do." 
    "Really" he purred, " I have wondered myself how you managed
it. What is the secret?"
    " It's really pretty simple. I have always been taught that
sex is a sin. The pain relieves the sin and the pleasure relieves
the pain. In the end I am left with a rapturous pleasure in ratio
to the pain. This explains why I get no pleasure from pain to my
back or to my legs below my knees. These areas just are not
connected to sex."
    "Yes that does make sense. It is especially interesting you
get no pleasure from your back or lower legs." he said with an
evil look in his eyes.
    I hoped my admission would encourage him to avoid giving me
pain in those areas. Unfortunately this was not to be.
    He led me over to a bench with out-rigger bars where he tied
my hands behind my head while lying on my back. Then he tied my
ankles to some rings just below my butt. He finished up by tying
my knees to the out-riggers to spread my legs to their utmost.
    As he stroked and fondled my breasts and pussy he said,"I
made you a couple of special items for this time as it will be
our last session for awhile. As you know the sale is on Sunday so
we won't have an excuse for you to stay after school."
    I had forgotten that we had a finite period and cried," Oh
No. I can't stop coming here. I need you, there is no-one like
you!"
    " Don't worry darling, we will find a way. I need you just as
much. It seems forever between fridays to me."
    I felt proud he felt that way about me and hoped his latest
inventions would provide enough memories to last me until we
could get together again. He pulled his latest whip from
a box under the bench. It was just several leather shoe strings
tied to a broomstick. 
    He brought it up over his head and down on my lower stomach
very hard. I braced for it only to find it just left a light
stinging sensation. I was a little disappointed till he
explained, " This is a pussy whip. As you could feel it causes
very little pain while dry. Just as a wet towel hurts more
snapped against your ass than a dry one this too will increase in
pain in a direct ratio to its wetness. You will in effect create
your own level of pain. As you become excited your pussy will
provide lubrication that will dampen the whip. As wet as you get
the whip should be sopping in a short time. I will hit you at
about the same speed, but you will notice a difference as time
goes by."
    He was dead right. I could tell I was getting wet just
thinking about it. To give him greater access to my pussy he went
back to the box bringing out a handful of alligator  clips. He
placed four of them evenly spaced on each of my cunt-lips then
threaded some nylon fishing line through holes on the ends of the
clips. He tied the lines to my legs pulling the lips wide open. I
was told to look up at the ceiling. When I did I saw he had added
a magnifying mirror to give me a detailed view of my pussy.
    I believe I could have got off just from the sight and feel
of the clips biting into me but the feel of that whip coming down
on my exposed clitoris and inner lips told me right away there
would be much greater heights along the way. 
    At first it did not hurt that much. Just a sting, but as he
dragged the whip through my pussy at the end of the stroke it
started to get wet. Each stroke was just a little more painful
till it became wet enough to make a "Splat!" sound. At that point
he started hitting me fore-hand then back-hand so on one stroke
the end would hit my clit the next stoke would connect with my
asshole. On each blow my asshole or pussy would be wrenched out
of shape, I could see it all in detail in the mirror. I didn't
try to count the strokes after about the fifteenth I was so out
of it I could barely see. He had learned to tell when I was in
maximum orgasm and stopped whipping me to start driving first his
tongue then his peter into my pussy. He had not taken off the
clips and the pull he added to them as he buried that mammoth
into me added to the excitement till I finally blacked out.
    When I opened my eyes he asked me how I was, and informed me
I had been asleep for about twenty minutes, He must have put on a
lot of salve as my pussy did not hurt as much as it should have.
There was just a deep throbbing pain that was not that
unpleasant.
    He had brought down some wine so we drank a few glasses while
I rested. I noticed that his oversized cucumber had become soft.
I did not want to think I no longer excited him so I knelt
between his legs to take his dick in my mouth. I was pleased to
find it began to get hard in a short time. Just as I was trying
to get into a position to allow me to get it down my throat he
said, " If you are ready for that you are ready for my next
invention." He then picked me up to seat me on the bench. He went
back to the box to pull out six four ounce fish-weights tied to
small clamps. He put them between my legs then twisted strands of
my pussy-hair to put into the clamps and tighten with a thumb
screw. When they were all attached, he went back to the box to
bring up a strange device. It was a piece of plywood into which
he had pounded about fifty or so small nails with the pointed
ends sticking out about a half inch. He told me to put my arms
above my head. This lifted my breasts while he attached a
horizontal strap from the board around my back. He then tied a
strap he had split in to two pieces to tie round my neck. He
pushed a single strap from the front of the plywood between my
legs to be hooked to the horizontal strap behind my back. When he
was done the back of the plywood was anchored to my chest just
under my boobs while the front of the plywood was held level to
the floor by the straps to my neck and pussy.
    He told me to stand up. I stood up very slowly but when the
strings to the weights tightened up it felt like all my pussy
hair was going to be pulled out. In pain I brought my hands down
towards my tortured twat. This was a mistake as the nails dug
into the underside of my breasts. I quickly raised my hands as I
whimpered.
    He brought over the full-length mirror so I could see. The
two pounds of weight was pulling my pussy-lips down to the limit.
    He said," If you stay perfectly still you won't be hurt." 
This was a lie. The constant pull on my pussy-hair caused a deep
throbbing pain that I knew would get worse with time. 
    Just as I was about to adjust to the pain and turn it to
pleasure he hit me on the ass with his many thonged whip. I
naturally flinched causing my tits to bounce down to contact the
nails while experiencing wrenching pain as the weights jerked at
my hair. On the second one to my ass I was able to keep my
movements just to a flinch. Even on the third which came across
the top of my pussy I was able to keep my movements to a minimum
and continue to convert the pain to exciting sensations.
Evidentally, this is not what he had in mind as he started a
whirlwind of lashes to my back and to my shins. The mixed
sensations of the bad pain to my back and shins to the good pain
to my breasts and pussy made me crazy. As I started threshing
about to avoid his lashes. I could feel the nails puncturing and
tearing at the underside of my breasts as some of the weights
ripped out my pussy hair and fell to the floor.
    The really perverse thing was that I knew if I really wanted
to get away all I had to do was run out the door. Instead, I
jumped around in an area small enough that he only had to take a
few steps to reach me with the lash.
    Finally I became exhausted from the pain, the threshing
around, and my approaching orgasm. I leaned my back against the
wall and just stood there trembling with my legs open. He took
this opportunity to slash down wards at my pussy. I would feel
the pain of the lash followed in a split second by a tug at my
pussy-hair as the lash hit the remaining weights. I don't know
how many lashes it took to finally tear off the last weight. My
body was spasmodically trembling while my stomach and pussy was
flexing like a belly dancer. When the last weight was off he
started hitting down and across my breasts forcing them into the
nails and across them. This was the last straw for me as I went
into a cataclysmic orgasm and slid down to the floor.
    I came to, lying on the rack, in terrible pain. He had not
started to put on the salve yet. I was choking and sobbing as I
asked him if my body was ruined. He reassured me that I was fine
and that he had not put on the salve yet to punish me for not
giving him a chance to come. I apologized profusely till he
relented and gently applied the salve. 
    When I felt better I went over to the mirror. I was happy to
see that my pussy was just red although it was now nearly bald.
The underside of my breasts were raw but since the nails were so
short the skin was scratched rather than torn. I was sure when he
was whipping my breasts that all the skin would be ripped away.
    He had me come back to the bench and lay on it with my head
and shoulders off the end so the underside of my breasts would be
exposed for him to apply more salve. As he put it on, he again
told me that he loved me and that I was wonderful and brave to
stay in place and take the pain rather than run away. He said
that I had never screamed. I could not believe this! I know I was
screaming constantly in my mind during the ordeal. 
    As I lay there enjoying his attention I realized that I was
in a perfect position to swallow his penis. I pulled him around
to my head. His dick was still steel hard as I pulled on his ass
to get his dick down my throat. He must have been really keyed up
as it only took a few pumps for him to start coming. He pulled
out his dick and directed his come into my face, eyes, nose and
mouth. I even enjoyed this humiliation. When He told me to lick
the cum from his dick and balls I was eager to do it and
continued to lick clear up to and including his ass-hole until he
lost interest. He went down to inspect my pussy saying, " So much
hair is gone we might as well get rid of the rest." I was afraid
he was just going to jerk it out and I did not know if I could
take it as sore and tired as I was. Instead he took an electric
razor with a beard trimmer out of the box and proceeded to shave
my pussy, My pussy was so sore even this hurt but in a nice
way.The vibration from the razor began to bring back the
excitement.  When he was satisfied he said, " Anyone would be
glad to eat this now." and proceeded to do it. His face was salty
with sweat causing the mixed feeling of wonderful sensation of
his tongue inside with burning of the skin on the outside. The
combination put me over in record time.
    After resting and being cuddled and kissed in his arms for
awhile I got up to look at my freshly shaved pussy. It had not
looked that way since I was eight years old. It felt great so
smooth. I agreed that no-one would object to licking it. It also
gave me perverse pleasure to note how totally naked it made me
look and feel. When he said that he wanted me to keep it shaved
at all times. As it may help to improve my lack of modesty. I was
quick to agree as I admitted, " I will have to keep it covered as
I can't explain to anyone who should see it." 
    He reminded me that the hair had protected my pussy from
being easily seen and the pain of the lash a little and that I
might miss it for that reason. 
    That statement just interested me and if it had not been so
sore I would have asked him to whip it immediately.
    He dressed me leaving off my panties and bra. He told me
never to wear panties again as without the hair I would feel
every breeze or touch as I never had with it. 
    On the way home I  pulled up my skirt and directed the air
vent on my pussy. He was right! Even this slight stimulation was
enough to keep me horny all the way home.
    I stayed up with my Dad to watch the late movie because it
stimulated me to know how naked I was under my clothes. I
fantasized about his reaction if he had known. This led to
further fantasies about him till I finally went to bed before he
noticed my agitated state.
    When I got to my room I studied my naked body in the mirror
and felt my pussy till I found a little stubble. I went to the
bathroom stark naked to get a razor hoping my Dad might pick that
moment to come upstairs and see me.  After shaving until I could
feel no stubble at all I fell into bed idly playing with my
tender baby smooth pussy. It dawned on me how lucky I was Dad had
not seen me as he also may have noticed that it was also beet-red
which I could not have explained.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 33

    Two days later a stranger in a black suit came to our house.
I could not hear the conversation but could see through the
window that my Dad was enraged. He stormed into the house and
called for me. 
    Dad told me that a furnace repairman had come to the church
and heard screams. When he investigated he found two naked nuns
tied up with our priest whipping them. The furnace man called the
police and our priest was under arrest. The priest said he had
also whipped me. Before I could say anything the man, a Cardinal
in the church, reminded me that the priest had confessed this
only to him. not to the police.
    My Father said," Well they will damn well find out! My
daughter is under-age and I want him in jail for life."
    " I don't think that would be a good idea," argued the
Cardinal. " At this time no-one knows your daughter is involved.
If this goes to trial everyone will know and the publicity will
be a disaster for you, your daughter, and the Church. We will do
anything you want to make amends. Psychiatric treatments for your
daughter to relieve her trauma, even help you relocate if you
wish."
    Dad, thought for a minute then told the Cardinal to come back
tomorrow after he thought about it. 
    When the Cardinal left, Dad turned to me and asked me what
had happened. I told him I had sinned, and the priest decided I
needed to be punished. He asked, " What was your great sin,
Beth."
    I told him that I had fantasized about sex, which was partly
true. " Jesus Christ! That is no sin, everybody fantasizes about
sex. How did he punish you?"
    I knew he would hear about the shackles and whips so I told
him part of the truth in that the priest had tied me up and
whipped me just as he was doing to the nuns.
    He told me to go put on my bathing suit so he could check for
damage. I checked my body as I changed and was glad to see the
underside my breasts were just red now and there were just pink
lines where the lash had hit.
    I was both scared and thrilled as I returned to him in my
bikini. I had been wearing jeans and a shirt so nothing had been
visible to him. He seemed to be relieved to see the marks on my
back and shins since they did not indicate any sexual
connotation. 
    It excited me to turn in front of him in my skimpy bikini
while he traced the whip marks with his fingers. He noticed some
marks visible on my butt and said, " I am going to have to check
a little more, Baby. Please don't feel embarrassed."
    I was not embarrassed, I was thrilled, but frightened he may
want to see too much. I did not want to have to explain the marks
on my breasts or pussy. He had me turn my back to him then pulled
the seat of my suit into the crack of my ass so both ass cheeks
were exposed. He again traced the marks on my ass with his
fingers as he counted them. The combination of exposure, the feel
of his fingers and the counting brought every thing back and I
started to get horny. He turned me around and when he saw the
marks on the top of my breasts he pulled the top down and left it
tucked under my breasts.
     I turned to check the mirror to see if the damage under my
breasts showed. I was relieved to see the suit hid the underside
and only the whip marks were visible which quit at the nipples.
My Father thought I had turned out of embarrassment. He said, " I
am sorry. I know this is tough but I have to see." 
    He began to trace and count the marks on my breasts. My
breasts began to move as my breathing changed with my excitement.
I am sure he noticed but made no comment. When he stepped back I
noticed the bulge in his jeans indicating this action was
effecting him as well.
    " We may need proof of this for the police or the court. Just
stay as you are while I get the Polaroid."
    The idea of having others see me nearly nude in photos
excited me even more. I pulled my suit further into the crack of
my ass and adjusted the top to show as much of my breasts as I
could without revealing the punctures. I also adjusted the pants
as low as possible without revealing my pussy.
    When he returned with the loaded camera he must have noticed
the changes when I turned to him, as his eyes widened and the
bulge in his pants twitched. It made me feel sexually powerful to
know I had the ability to turn on my Father in spite of his anger
and concern.
    When he returned he said that if the pictures were not
absolutely necessary he would burn them. 
    He stopped to admire me saying," You should never feel
embarrassed, Honey. You are the most beautiful girl I have ever
seen." I expected two pictures front and back, but it turned into
a full photo session as he had me pose in different positions
taking long shots and clos-ups of my breasts and that part of my
crotch he could see until the film was used up. 
    He went for more film. When he returned he asked me if the
priest had made me take off all my clothes. When I admitted that
he had. He said, " Would it bother you too much to take them off
for me?"
    I did not bother to answer as I knew my voice would crack
under the tension. I just took off the top then unsnapped the
sides of the bottom so I could slowly pull it through my legs in
a form of strip tease. His prick jumped again as he saw my shaved
pussy. He started taking more pictures with my legs spread, bent
over with my legs spread and close together. and lying on my back
with my knees up and legs spread. When I lifted my breasts by the
nipples to show the red underside he whistled and had me hold
that pose for some time as he got just the right angle.
    Then he told me to stay there and that he would be right
back. He came back with the salve but he did not hand it to me.
He had me lie down with my head off the couch while he rubbed it
into my breasts and pussy.
    While he did this watching my obvious sexual excitement he
said, " Do you think what the priest did will make you avoid sex?
Do you understand sex is natural and pleasurable?"
    "Yes," I moaned. " I know it is O.K. when I am older and
married."
    He evidentally could not stand it any longer as he said,
" The salve will make you feel better by morning," as he ran up
the stairs with my pictures clutched in his hand.
    He was barely out of sight when my fingers dove to my pussy
and ass-hole to bring me off. The next morning I noticed my
Father had not been so "laid back" since my Mother had died. He
asked me how I was feeling and seemed pleased that I was so calm.
    When the Cardinal showed up. Dad showed him just two pictures
of me standing, legs together, front and back view. He said
angrily,
" See what the sadistic son of a bitch did. He should be hung!" I
noticed the Cardinal spent a lot of time studying the pictures
which excited me anew as the exhibitionist in me came forth. Then
he said," I still think prosecution would cause more harm than
good. We plan to put him in a monastery for as long as he lives
where he will never have an opportunity to do this again. I
called a psychiatrist friend who said that Beth may need as much
as ten thousand dollars for therapy and that it would be best if
you could get away from the place that will provide constant
reminders."
    " Well, I have been offered a job at the Seattle Veterinarian
Supply I would like. However, it would take a long time to sell
my ranch."
    The Cardinal had the answer, " I have authority to offer you
two hundred thousand for your ranch plus ten thousand for the
therapy." This was about fifty thousand more than my father had
planned to ask in our last discussion about selling. Dad asked,
"Beth. What do you think?"   
    I knew my Father had been frustrated in his efforts to make a
profit on cattle in our depressed market and I had no real
friends in the area. I only had to think for a minute to say, " I
think it would be best for both of us."
    The cardinal must have been pretty sure we would go for it as
he had the check already made out with a quit-claim deed for Dad
to sign. He was gone in ten minutes in a cloud of dust. It was a
good decision as the word about me must have gotten out from the
way people we knew looked at me when we went into town for
supplies the next day.
    My Dad had called his new employer to say he had accepted
their offer. He seemed both relieved and happy to get out. I
could only think of the fact that in the huge population of
Seattle I would surely find someone who would know how to get me
aroused.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 34

    We left the following day to go house hunting. Dad would be
covering the whole state so it did not matter where we lived. We
found a cute house in Black Diamond that was isolated from the
neighbors about a mile from a lake and close enough to the
freeway for Dad's travels everywhere and my commute to school.
Dad had enrolled me in a private college-prep school and bought
me a cute sports-car now that we could afford it. 
    Dad called the psychiatrist our doctor had recommended but I
was able to convince him in a couple of visits that I did not
need his help by telling him I realized the priest was a
disturbed man and that I knew all men weren't like him.
    My Dad was very relieved that I would not need the treatment,
as he did not have to worry and we would save tons of money. In
celebration he bought me a horse so I could ride deep into the
woods and go naked when I wanted. 
    I became increasingly frustrated as time went by. My Dad's
job took him out of town at least two nights a week so I had
plenty of time to myself to experiment. However,no matter what I
did to myself I could never have the crashing orgasms I had
received from being punished by others.
    My Dad's attitude toward me changed after our photo session.
For instance he had never bought clothes for me. In the past I
would tell him what I wanted and what it cost. If we could afford
it he would give me the money to buy it. Now he brought something
home for me after each of his trips. At first it was just
transparent blouses and mini-skirts or tight sweaters.
    One night he came home and said," Look what I found for you
in Portland, Baby." I opened the box to find  two pairs of short
shorts and two tiny halters for my breasts. " Try them on, Honey.
Let's see how they look." 
    I went into my room, took off all my clothes, and put on the
tiny shorts. The shorts showed almost as much as a Bikini bottom.
They were cut as hip-huggers so low that if I had pubic hair the
top part would show. The part that went between my legs was just
a wide seam only hiding the crack of my pussy. The seat was cut
up so the bottom parts of my cheeks showed. The top was just an
elastic strap just wide enough to cover the bottom of my breasts
and just over the top of my nipples. The elastic caused my
breasts to balloon over the top creating a lot of cleavage.
    When I went back into the living room Dad whistled and gushed
over how great I looked. After having me pose a little he went to
his room for the camera.
    He had me pose bent over, lying down with legs open and
closed. Finally he said, " Put your hands together and stretch
them up as high as you can." I obeyed as the exhibition was
turning me on. As I was straining for as much height as possible
I felt my nipples pop out of the top. I acted as if I did not
notice, as my Dad took pictures as fast as he could from all
angles. I was enjoying the stretched feeling as it reminded me so
much of being hung up for a whipping and the obvious admiration
of my body from Dad.
    While he got more film I changed into the other outfit. The
shorts were the same size and cut as the first ones except there
were no sides. There were just strings going through eyelets on
the sides so I just had a patch of cloth in the front to hide my
pussy and a patch in the rear covering the center part of my ass.
It was obvious I could not wear panties with these no matter how
brief, as they would show. The top consisted of two triangles
held together by strings around my neck and back. The bottom of
the triangles could be pushed together on the string to make them
smaller. By this time I was pretty excited over the exhibitionism
and the obvious admiration so I pinched them together as much as
possible so only my nipples were hidden.
    When I came out he smiled broadly as he noted the way I had
arranged the top and left the strings loose on the bottom so any
time I turned sideways he could peek under the patches.
    On the last picture I jumped up to grab the bar that
supported the partition wall we could use to close off the dining
area. This left my feet hanging about a foot off the floor. My
Dad stared at me and his voice caught when he said, "My God. You
look beautiful stretched that way. Is that how you looked when
you were whipped?"
    My voice quavered too as I answered, "Not exactly. I was
naked for him and tied this way. Remember? Would you like to see
me that way?"
    " Yes, but you better not. I don't think I could stand it.  
    We then met at the couch to look at the pictures. He kept
looking at my face as I looked at the pictures. I think he wanted
to know if my near-nakedness embarrassed me. He finally had to be
sure, so after telling me how beautiful I was he asked me, " Does
My taking pictures of you embarrass you, Honey?" 
    " No, Dad." I replied, " I am proud of my looks. Should I be
embarrassed?"      " No. Of course not. You are very beautiful. I
wish the whole world could see you."
    At that point he said he had to go to bed as he had to get up
early. It was only nine P.M. and by the obvious hardness of his
dick I assumed he was really going to bed to jerk off. I knew I
would!
    From then on the costumes became even skimpier. He even sent
away for things from Frederick's of Hollywood. I was starting to
get a little bored with the same posing routines although he
didn't.
    One night he came with a new present he seemed especially
proud of. He said, " I had a friend make this especially for you.
Go try it on. Don't wear anything under it."
    When I went into my room and opened the box I was a little
disappointed. It was a miniskirt and breast-band made of
deerhide. After being nearly naked for him with the Frederick's
stuff this seemed pretty tame. I put the skirt on over my naked
body tightening the thongs that held it together as tight as I
could. The band for my breasts had thongs to tighten at the back
and front. Naturally I tied it at the front to show my breasts
almost to the nipples then tightened it at the back so they would
compress and ballon around the leather. My nipples were hard from
the excitement and made bumps in the thin leather.
    I still was not impressed till I moved. The soft leather felt
like human skin. As I walked it felt like hands were caressing my
lower body and breasts. I felt very turned on as I went back to
the living room.
    Dad said, " I have another item for you. You know how
wonderful you look stretched out. These will let you hang by your
arms without hurting you." "He showed me leather wrist-cuffs
padded with sheep's wool. I was already turned on and this really
agitated me as I remembered the church dungeon. 
    I knew I could not speak without showing my emotion so I just
held out my hands in front of me so he could lock them on. He led
me over to the bar and put a rope over it which he hooked onto
the cuffs. When he pulled me off the floor I was already panting
from the memories this evoked.
    While he took pictures I kept squirming to get the lovely
sensation of the leather against my flesh.
    Finally he came over to say the skirt could be a little
shorter as he rolled it up till my crotch almost showed then
pinned it with long pins. The pins evoked more memories and I
began to pant with excitement. By the time he had stepped back to
take the picture I had spread my legs to force the skirt even
higher. This really encouraged him.
    He came back to me and fondled the taut muscles of my stomach
and said, "God Baby, hanging like that does fantastic things for
your body, Could I see you like the priest did?"
    I felt myself getting wet as I breathed, "Yes. Please, I want
you to see me ."
    He took off the skirt and top. After a couple of pictures he
could not stand it any longer let came back to caress me again. I
knew what I needed and hoped he would not refuse.
    "I want you to know exactly what it was like. Take off your
belt and hit me with it." 
    He got kind of a sick look on his face then slid his belt out
of his pants and began to spank me with it. I was on the verge of
orgasm when he stopped and stood in front of me breathing hard. 
    I said with a quavering voice, "No! Don't stop. He hit my
breasts and pussy too."
    He was surprised but eager to do it and began alternating
lashes to my breasts and pussy until my body was pulsating with
orgasms and his excitement took over. He dropped his pants and
grabbed my ass to bury his beautiful penis in my cunt. It had
been so long for me and the leather and hanging was so exciting I
squealed in delight and managed to come several times before he
did.
    At the last minute he must have remembered who I was and the
consequences of pregnancy. He jerked out his dick and let his cum
land on my leg.
    He was sobbing as he let me down. " I am so sorry Baby, I
could not help myself. I must be crazy. I love you but I hurt
you. What if I got you pregnant!"
    I managed to calm myself and him down by hugging him then
told him that he did not have to worry as I had been on the Pill
for a long time. He asked me how I had obtained a prescription. I
told him I had gone to the doctor to complain of irregular
menstruation and the doctor had prescribed the Pill to solve the
problem. This was true except I had lied to the doctor about my
non-existent problem to get the Pill to avoid pregnancy. My Dad
was relieved saying, " That explains why you were so emotional
for a while in Ellensburg." That was not the reason of course,
but as long as it ended the mystery for him I was happy.
    " We can never do this again. It is incest. You should have
me arrested."
    I tried to calm him down by saying we loved each other and
needed each other since he did not have Mom any more and I had
no-one. Now that we both knew how wonderful sex was it would not
be right to deprive either of us of that pleasure.He did calm
down, but was obviously not convinced. He just said, " I am glad
I have to go out of town tomorrow. It will give us both a chance
to think."




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 35
    
    After he had left I had nothing to do so I decided to look at
the pictures of me to see if they would turn me on.
    I finally found them in a photo album he had hid under his
mattress. I noted with interest that he had put the tamest
pictures in front getting increasingly wilder as they went. The
pictures were not arranged in the order they were taken so
evidentally they were arranged in the degree they excited him.
The last pictures were those he said he would throw away with the
marks of my punishment on my body. I noticed there were some
closeups of my wounded breasts and pussy at the end that he had
never shown me. It was obvious that the marks on my body turned
him on so I had hopes I may get him to punish me again in spite
of the way he loved me.
    I tried to think of some way to get him to whip me. His belt
was too light to get the level of pain I wanted.  All my
scenarios failed as he had forgiven me for most everything.
    The solution appeared by accident. Literally. As I was
turning my car around I backed into a tree denting the fender and
knocking out the tail-light. I was not very upset as I knew the
car was insured.
    When Dad walked into the door he was pissed!
    " What in the Hell did you do to your car. I had to agree to
a thousand dollar deductible to get insurance for you because of
your age and that it is a sports-car. That fender is going to
cost me a bundle! You are going to have to be punished for this."
    I know opportunity when I see it. I agreed with him saying I
was careless and had no excuse.
    " Okay, get over my lap, young lady!"
    A spanking did not appeal to me especially with my clothes
on. So I said, " I am too old for a spanking. Wait here for me."
    I went out the door picking up the pruning loppers on the
porch. I had already noted a willow tree and had cut some
switches to use on myself. I had to make a big decision as to the
size of the switch. It could not be too big as he may be afraid
he may hurt me too badly, but if it was too small I would not
enjoy it. I settled on a fairly skinny one about three feet long.
    When I came through the door I took the switch to him and
said, " Please take off the leaves while I get ready."  He made
no comment as he started peeling off the leaves, but it was
obvious that he was excited and would go along with me.
    I was naked under my jump-suit so when he looked up after
taking off the leaves I was already standing there naked with the
cuffs on I had never taken down from the bar.
    His dick was so hard he had to reposition it straight up
under his pants so he could walk over to me. He pulled on the
rope till I was on my toes and tied it down.
    When he came back to me I said, " Please don't hit me above
my armpits, below my knees, or on my upper back."
    " Do you mean I should hit you everywhere else?"
    " Yes. If you spread them out I can take a lot more than all
in one place."
    " Speaking of that, we must decide how many spanks you
deserve."
    I noted that he did not want to admit he would be whipping me
as he used the euphemism, spank.
    I asked " How much will it cost to fix the car?"
    " Probably about three hundred fifty."
    " Then give me thirty-five."
    " This may hurt more than you think. Do you really think you
can stand that many? I could use my belt instead of this nasty
switch."
    "No! It should hurt a lot. I am being punished your belt just
excites me. if I can't stand all of them I'll tell you and you
can give me the rest later."
    His eyes lighted up knowing no matter what, he would get to
give me thirty five strokes. I was happy to know he would be
willing to give me the excitement I needed.I was glad I had found
the photos arranged the way they were.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 36

    " Are you ready? I don't know how hard to hit you."
    " It won't matter as long as you start out easy then increase
the pain as I get used to it. I will scream if they are too hard.
Make no sound if too light. I will naturally do some sobbing and
moaning so don't let that alarm you."  I was sure I could keep
from screaming.
    " Are you sure? You are so beautiful I hate to mar you."
    " Please do it. I will feel terribly guilty if you don't and
I will be proud of the marks you made to teach me to be good."
    My being hung up and stretched must have the same effect on
everyone. He spent quite a bit of time stroking my breasts and
belly to make me look forward to greater stimulation before
making the first tentative hit on my behind. When I made no
protest he swung once more just a little bit lower. This second
one was only hard enough to sting. I pushed my butt out for him
and said, "Those don't count. I hardly felt them!" The next one
was hard enough to make me catch my breath. He watched my face as
he hit me and since I made no protest his blows became harder as
he progressed down my thighs to just above my knees. At that
point he hesitated. He evidentally remembered that I did not want
to be hit below my knees or on my back. I was just getting into
it and his indecision threatened to bring me back down so I
finally had to say, " Start on my front, Daddy. It's okay."
    He must have been happy I made the decision for him as his
first blow on my thighs came even before he got into position on
my right side. The blows were coming hard now and I knew they
would be leaving lovely red stripes on my white skin.
    Dad loved the effect. I saw that he was playing with his dick
with his left hand as he hit me with the right. He was laying
evenly spaced stripes up my thighs at an even pace.
    When he got to my belly-button he was sweating and panting as
much as me. " It's too hot!" he said as he took off his pants and
shirt. He picked up the switch again wearing just his shorts.
    " Take off the shorts please," I panted, "I want to see you
too." 
    When he had complied I said, " You are beautiful naked.
Please hit me faster and harder. It makes me excited to see your
muscles work."
    He finally laid the first stripe on the bottom of my breasts.
This really hurt and he must have realized it by my squeal and
shudder because he stopped to watch me. 
    The pain soon turned to pleasure as my breast swelled and the
heat moved to my pussy. I moaned, " More, please more."
    After a few more across my breasts I swear my legs began to
part on their own. I was so high with emotion, it seemed I was
watching them spread from afar.
    My Dad got the idea right away as he swung vertically into my
pussy. I screamed but Dad must have known it was a scream from
orgasm not pain as he hit me four more times keeping my orgasm
going until he rammed his glorious tool into me. I seemed to keep
coming forever. After he came it took him a minute to recover
enough to let me down.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 37

    He carried me over to the couch and laid me on my side, the
only place without stripes. Then he went to get the ointment to
put on my welts.
    As he worked he said, " Darling, we must be terribly
perverted. My dick has not been this hard since I was twenty. I
Thought I was going to pass out when I came. And you! I swear I
have never seen or heard of a woman who had as powerful orgasms
as you do."
    I was proud to hear him calling me a woman rather than a
girl. I said " Maybe we aren't perverted. Maybe it is just that
we have discovered something other people don't know or are
afraid to try. You know the Nuns and the preachers act as if all
sex is perverted but the Nuns never complained about the priest
whipping them. If they had not been caught by the janitor they
would still be doing it. Maybe we have been taught that anything
that feels good has to be bad just so they could keep the
ultimate excitement for themselves."
    He replied, " You may have hit on something. People in strict
fundamentalist religions seem to lead unpleasant lives.Their
punishments of severe whippings to the back while clothed or even
burned at the stake no-one could ever get pleasure out of that."
    Then he began rationalizing our sex together.
    "Even incest has no bad connotations except in religion. We
interbreed animals all the time to improve the breed. Insistence
on cross-breeding may account for the general lack of improvement
in the human species."
    " Did you ever spank Mama?"
    " Yes, but never like this. They were just playful spanks for
the most part. I looked forward to her birthday so I would be
able to justify more spanks. I know she enjoyed it as much as I
did. She was very conscious of her image as a teacher and church-
member, so repressed the urge. Now that I think of it I remember
she never said anything to make me mad unless we were in a
private place so I could spank her. The making up after the
spanking and the sex was always great.
    " What was the greatest experience you remember, Daddy?"
    " Well let's see, Oh yes, It had to be on her twenty-first
birthday. You were about two years old and she had arranged to
leave you with friends in town. Since she could legally drink now
I brought home the ingredients for  French 75's, This was a drink
made of champagne, gin, flavoring and cream that tasted like an
ice cream soda but was really powerful. I had brought home a
baby-doll nightie, after a few drinks I talked her into trying it
on for me. As you remember she always wore those flannel
nightgowns and her street clothes were so severe no-one had any
idea how great her body was. When she came out of the bedroom she
looked like a show-girl. I told her so but she was embarrassed
and wanted to turn off some of the lights. I would not do it and
after a few more drinks she asked me if I really thought she was
as pretty as a show girl. I convinced her I meant it and started
to dance with her. I could not see her and dance with her at the
same time so I pushed her away as I told her I wanted to see my
show-girl. About this time a song came on the radio with a great
beat and she did a sexy dance for me doing bumps and grinds and
shaking her titties. She had never done anything like this
before, so naturally, as I sat on a kitchen chair watching her I
became horny as a goat. When the song ended and a commercial came
on she turned off the radio and came over to tell me that she was
ready for her birthday spanking. I motioned for her to get over
my lap and to my surprise she pulled down her panties. Her
spankings had always been over her clothes, at best her
nightgown. I thought my dick was going to tear through my pants.
    When she leaned over my legs the top of her baby-doll fell
down over her face. After the first few spanks the nightie worked
down her arms to be a pool on the floor. I would hit one cheek
then the other on her butt. Each spank caused her to move or
shudder so I had the double pleasure of seeing her cheeks turn
from white to pink to red while her breasts were dancing against
her chin. After about the fifteenth spank, I was not trying to
count them, she rolled over and I found I was spanking her pussy.
Every time my hand went down her pussy came up to meet it. It did
not take too many of those until I could not stand it any more
and ripped off my clothes to make it with her on the rug, then
the couch, and last in the bed. All three times the lights were
on bright so I could watch every movement of her body and see
exactly when she began to come.
    Unfortunately, I had to leave early the next morning for a
agriculture class at the university. By the time I returned she
had reverted back to her inhibitions. The experience must have
scared her because from then on she would not drink or let me
spank her. I still think that if I had just cut that damn class
and stayed with her the next day she might not have reverted. Our
sex life really suffered after that. I knew how great it could be
and the missionary position with her nightgown pulled up to her
waist just did not excite me. Sex became a duty."
    " Poor Daddy. I'll make it up for you. Just let me know if
you want anything."
    With this statement I kissed his lips, then his neck, then
his nipples. By the time I got to his belly-button I could feel
his prick digging into my tits. When I put my mouth around his
tool he let out a long sigh. I did everything I could think of
with my mouth, tongue, lips and throat to get him to come. I had
a great desire to have him cum down my throat. Just before, he
pulled me up to sit me on his cock. He grabbed my hips and lifted
me up and down faster and faster. My tits were bouncing all over
the place. He never took his eyes off them till he came.
    " God, that was great, Baby. I know it may be hard to believe
but that is the first time anyone ever went down on me. I heard
it was great from other guys but I had no idea it would be this
good."
    By this time we were really tired so we went to bed to sleep
in each others arms.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 38

    Daddy's birthday was a week away. I knew now just what I
would get him. 
    I went to a leather goods store and bought seven strips of
soft leather about four feet long. I weaved them together to make
a handle with the seven strips coming out about a foot and a
half. Then I went to the farm store and bought thirty feet of
soft rope I cut into varying lengths. Finally I went to a Radio
Shack and bought a box of alligator clips.
    I planned to do a strip tease for him so I sewed two circles
of cloth and one triangular piece of cloth to the alligator
clips. My breasts would have six clips each to hold the cloth
over my nipples. The crotch piece had four across the top, three
down each side and one at the point. When I attached them to my
breasts, pussy lips and anus I realized I had bought clips that
were too strong. I knew I could not stand the pain without the
dance, and with my father watching, to take my mind off them.
Then I put snaps on my clothes and underwear so I could take them
off easily.  
    I waited anxiously for him to come home. When I heard his car
come into our long driveway I went into the kitchen and made him
a strong tall drink of whiskey and water.
    I met him at the door with the drink in my leather outfit we
both loved so much. I kissed him and had him sit on a kitchen
chair I had moved to the living room. I told him to wait while I
got his birthday presents.
    I put on my costume then went out to him with the two
packages. He was surprised to see me fully dressed in street
clothes and high heels. He asked, " Why are you dressed up. Are
we going out to dinner or something."
    " No. This is just a part of your four presents."
    He opened the package with the whip first and was delighted
by it. He fondled it as if it was alive and took a few practice
swings. " This is great Baby, It should not leave welts like the
switches. I never want to scar you."
    "Yes. It should not even be as bad as your belt. I think I
can take a hundred lashes with it and still be excited more than
hurt."
    When he opened the rope box he said, " This is enough rope to
tie you in any position. We'll have some variety.  You said four
presents where have you hid the other two?"
    " Today you are thirty-eight years old. I am going to dance
for you and I will take your thirty-eight spanks just like Mom
did with your hands and then more with the whip."
    The idea really turned him on. No more than me!  Every time I
moved the clips pulled at my skin as if some tiny animal was
biting me with it's sharp teeth. Just in the time it took to open
the presents and tell him what I would do, the at first terrible
pain had turned to terrible thrill. I hoped I would not get too
excited to finish the dance.
    The dance was a standard strip you have all seen until the
end when I had him take off the last pieces one clip at a time.
When he got down to one clip at the top of the circles and two
clips at the top of the triangle he just grabbed the cloth and
jerked it away. This really caused a sensation as the clips
dragged off my skin rather than being opened for removal.
    When he tore off the crotch piece he ripped off his shirt and
dropped his pants and shorts. I flopped over his lap for the
spanking. Neither of us counted. I was enjoying the feel of his
rock-hard penis rubbing against me and moved around to have it
press against my clit. I wanted to see if he would tell me to
turn over. He didn't and was starting over on areas he had
already spanked. I guessed he wanted me to turn on my own which I
did.
    When I turned over he wasted no spanks on skin that was not
sexual. He hit my pussy then turned his hand over to hit my right
breast with the back of his fingers, then my pussy, then my left
breast. My body was shaking violently, since he really enjoyed
seeing my tits bounce I knew he was really getting turned on.
When he told me to spread my legs I used the opportunity to reach
down and guide his dick into my anus. His eyes got wide as
saucers and he went wild. I leaned back while I pumped while he
hit my pussy with the back of his fingers with his middle finger
beating against my clit. He kept up the spanking until he could
come no longer and I spaced out from the stimulation. He slumped
in the chair.I fell back into a back-bend while he gripped my
ass-cheeks to hold himself in me till he became completely soft
and his dick slid out of my ass.
    When I finally came down I got up to go over to the mirror to
look at the damage. My ass and thighs were fiery red but o.k. My
pussy and breasts were in worse shape. It was obvious I would
carry large bruises tomorrow.
    My Dad felt bad about the damage to me but I felt proud I let
him go as long as he wanted to with no protest. He understood
completely when I said I would be all right but I wanted to put
off the whipping until I was not so tender.
    His dick had gotten hard again watching me fondle myself in
front of the mirror but started to soften at my statement. I
didn't want him to be disappointed so I got on my knees to suckle
his prick and lick his balls. This time he did cum in my mouth
but there was not much left considering the amount he left in my
ass-hole.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 39

    The next morning my tits, my pussy, my lower stomach, and my
upper thighs were a mass of red and purple bruises that stood out
in sharp contrast to my white skin. We were both amazed his
callused hands had caused so much more lasting damage than whips.
    My Dad was devastated. I told him that he should not feel
bad. I didn't, rather I considered the bruises as a sort of badge
of courage. He agreed saying, " You're right Beth, You should be
proud. Anyone else would have run away. You did not even try."
    I suggested he get his camera to add this experience to his
collection. He thought it was a great idea and took pictures of
my bruises while I was hanging from the bar, tied spreadeagled on
the floor, and tied over chairs and banisters.
    I thought that he would have a lot of decisions to make to
set up the order of importance of the photos in his album. I
could hardly wait to peek at his album to see what order they
would be in.
    Naturally the photo session made us horny again so I decided
it might be extra exciting for him to fuck my tender pussy. This
turned out to be very painful because he gripped my tits to pull
me up and down and twist my body on his dick.
    When he came he squeezed my tender tits very hard and that
brought me off. It was hard to believe I could convert that much
pain to pleasure. It reinforced the idea that I was a very
special person.  
    He was very gentle with me for the next week even after there
was no longer a mark on my body. He was very patient providing
hours of foreplay so I could come. I was very grateful and told
him I wanted to be his love slave. This must have pleased him
because he bought a dog collar and leash to lead me around with
while I was on all fours but never gave me more than light slaps
with a leather paddle he had made down the crack of my butt to
slap against my pussy until I begged him to fuck me.
    I was afraid that I had let him go too far and that he may
never give me the special thrills I needed.  Fortunately this was
not the case.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 40

    I finally reminded him I still owed him thirty-eight lashes
with the whip. He said that I was so beautiful he didn't want to
mar me so I told him I would take them untied so if it got bad I
could move away from him. He couldn't object to that and I had
been fantasizing over the way I wanted him to do it.
    I put a pillow on the edge of the dining table and bent over
it to present the curve of my round ass for a target. I resolved
to keep from screaming so he would not stop.
    He had learned. He started hitting easy then increased with
each lash. By the ninth they were making loud "Crack!" sounds and
my butt got red hot I pulled myself up on the table and rolled
over on my back to lift my pussy with the pillow then stretched
my hands behind my head and lifted my legs and spread them till I
could feel the lips of my pussy opening. His eyes opened wide
then he broght the whip down on my right breast I had flattened
and tightened by my stretching. I wanted to scream but managed to
limit myself to a gasp. He gave me four more to my tits till I
began pumping my pussy up and down to entice him to hit it. When
he did I let out a small scream which made him stop so I began
pumping again to let him know it was alright. I lost track of the
lashes by about the third I started a series of orgasms each
stronger than the last till he could no longer stand it and drove
his beautiful love tool into my sopping pussy.
    After he came he began feeling guilty again by my red body
but the redness began to fade in a few minutes.
    "He said, "You were right! This whip is perfect there are no
welts but it obviously provides all the excitement we both need."
    In that vein we found that we were becoming jaded. It was no
longer exciting to us for me just to be naked. I found I had to
be in some sort of pain or humiliation to get excited. After
awhile he began to talk about how proud he would be to have other
people see what I would do. 
    One day he mixed us both a drink while he said, " Beth, you
know how beautiful you are and how proud I am of you. I am always
saying I wish the whole world could see you."
    " Yes I know. It makes me feel wonderful to know you are so
proud of me. Unfortunately the odds against me ever being a movie
star or anything are unreal."
    " Well there is always the chance. I thought you might like
to try a smaller audience at first. I discovered a place that has
an amateur contest for dancers. Are you interested?"
    I was so naive I thought he was talking about a stage show
and told him that I could not do the ballet or tap dancing that
they would expect.
    " No Honey, this is the kind of dance you did for me. I know
you have a real talent for strip-tease. I have been to this
place. None of the dancers are anywhere near as good as you. Top
prize is one hundred dollars. Whatever prize you win I will
double."
    " I don't know. Would we know any one there? How many people
would be coming to see me?"
    He assured me that everyone would be strangers. I could quit
any time I wanted, and that there would be from one to two
hundred men watching. That did it for me. The idea of that many
strange men watching every move I made created an instant tingle
in my pussy.
    When I agreed he told me to dress in a bra, panties, and  a
skirt, and blouse that would be easy to take off. The contest was
that night at nine p.m. 
    When we got there I found that the place was full of men and
there were some regular topless dancers just wearing "G" strings.
The girls looked totally bored. What I noticed most was that a
lot of the men were hooting and whistling even though the dancers
weren't doing anything special. I knew I could turn them on. The
idea started my pussy tingling again.
    My Dad had signed me up for the contest. In a little while
all ten of us " Amateurs" were called into the back room. It
became instantly obvious we were not all amateurs when the boss
came back to tell us that he wanted us all to act like amateurs.
He had us open our blouses and raise our skirts to show we had
standard panties and bras on. A couple of girls had sequined
panties and bras so he made them take them off and gave them J.C.
Penney type underwear to preserve the amateur image. It turned
out only two other girls and myself had never done this before.
We became instant friends in our mutual fight against our
enemies, the pro's.
    I asked the boss if I could go last since I did not know what
to do. He said that us three real amateurs could go in any order
we wanted if we thought it would help. I chose last place. The
other two said they would like to be toward the end.
    The boss said there were only two rules; 1. Nobody takes
their pants off in the first round. 2. Don't let the men grab us
as it would be hard to get to us in the crowd to help.
    I asked if we would be expected to get totally naked since
the girls dancing now were wearing bottoms. He just said to take
off as much as I thought it would take to win.
    We stood at the back of the room to wait to be called up by
our first names only. By the second girl I was wishing I had not
asked for last. The men were going nuts and I could hardly wait
for my turn.
    I noticed that some moves really turned the guys on. The
girls did not seem to notice and did not continue doing what the
guys liked or repeat it. One girl stretched her arms up high and
waved her tits with the music. The guys loved it but the others
did not do it. Only one girl faced the audience as she slowly
took off her blouse and bra all the rest turned their backs to
take off clothes. One girl crawled on the floor dragging her
nipples on the floor, none of the others. One girl went to the
edge of the stage where the front row could touch her. I planned
to do all these things.
    My plan worked as I got hoots and applause as I repeated the
best parts of the other girls bits. When I took off my skirt I
just unbuttoned and unzipped it then worked my hips back and
forth while vibrating so my tits would move till it fell to my
feet. It slid off my hips by the inch and each drop brought
applause. When I went close to the edge everyone grabbed for me,
but gently. The thrill I got by exciting so many men at the same
time was impossible to describe. When I re-dressed to go back to
the bar I did not bother to put the bra back on. As I walked back
down the aisle everyone had seen I had not objected when the
front row felt my body while dancing. There were hands on me all
the way back to the bar. When the boss said he would tell the
guys not to grab at me I assured him that it was alright. I am
sure he could see how excited I was.
    On the next round I got naked as soon as possible and still
stay in time with the music. Near the end of the song I spent the
whole time on my back or belly at the edge of the stage so the
guys in front had access to every part of my body. When I felt
fingers going into my pussy  I almost creamed on the spot. I just
slipped on my panties and blouse to go back to the bar. This time
the guys on the aisle got even bolder. Some of them gave me light
spanks on my ass. This was great! I slowed my pace so all of them
who wanted to could take a shot. I received about ten spanks by
the time I got back to the bar.
    The boss said I was going to cause a riot if I was not more
careful. I knew he was not serious though because they jammed in
more chairs down front as guys offered tips for the better seats.
    Some of the other amateurs were bitching that what I was
doing was not fair to the others. The boss just reminded them
that this was a contest without rules. This confirmed my opinion
that he did not mind what I was doing. I knew the last round
would be wild as the pro's especially wanted to beat me.
    On the last round the other girls copied what I had done plus
other things like spreading the lips of their pussies and their
ass-cheeks with their hands. One even picked up a beer bottle
with her pussy. They were still scared to let the audience get
too familiar and I knew that was my ace in the hole.
    As a finale in the last dance as I crawled on all fours at
the edge I told the guys that I was being naughty and should be
spanked. They were quick to oblige. By the time I was half-way
across the stage they couldn't wait to get to my ass and started
to hit my breasts and sides with the backs of their fingers. This
hurt wonderfully so I turned around for another pass so they
could get to my other breast and ass-cheek. When the song ended I
was so wet it was starting to run down my legs. I just threw on
my blouse without buttoning it and pulled my panties up into the
crack of my ass. The guys on the aisle really laid on the spanks
on my way to the bar. By the time I got back I had to hold onto
the bar for support as the orgasms tore through my body. It took
all four bouncers to keep the audience away from me.
    I won the contest easily. When I went into the back room to
dress the boss followed me. He offered me a job on the spot, but
I told him I would have to think about it. I knew I would get
bored doing it as a regular job just as the other dancers had. He
said that he noticed spanking really turned me on and asked me if
I had ever been whipped or switched. I lied and told him I
hadn't. Then he said for me to think about it as he arranged
specialty acts for stag parties and I could get five hundred
dollars or more for a show including tips. This appealed to me
and I planned to see if it would be alright with Dad.
    I was so horny I sucked Dad's dick for him almost all the way
home till it began to hurt him.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 41

    The next day I told him that the night before had really been
a thrill and asked him If we would do it again.
    He said," No way! You enjoyed it too much which made me
jealous, and according to some guys in the audience there is a
law against letting the audience touch you. You could have been
arrested!  The only reason the boss let you get away with it was
because he could claim you were an amateur and he had no control
over you. If a vice cop had come in he would have stopped you and
disqualified you. I was told he had done it before."
    I knew then he would not agree to the stag party so I did not
bother to ask. I was glad to hear he was jealous as that proved
to me how much he loved me.
    I told him I was sorry that I had made him jealous and that I
should be whipped.
    " I agree completely. I just have not decided just how I want
to do it. In the mean-time I am going to tie your hands behind
your back while you stand in the corner waiting for me to
decide."
    He decided to improve on that by attaching clothes-pins to my
nipples and pussy while I stood facing the corner. It seemed like
I stood there for hours with my nipples and lips throbbing from
the pins while I heard drills and other power tools behind me. I
was dying of curiosity but was honor-bound to face the wall.
Besides that, I did not want to ruin the surprise.
    When he finally came to me to take off the pins, which again
caused new pain as the circulation came back, I turned to see he
had installed two pulleys with ropes in the ceiling beam about
eight feet apart and ten feet high. On further inspection I saw
two rings in the floor about four feet apart and a collection of
whips, switches and riding crops near the rings, I asked him if I
would have a choice of the whips. He said, " No. I am going to
use them all."
    I had mixed feelings about that. I was a little dejected
since he did not seem so concerned about hurting me but happy
that I had made him jealous enough to really punish me.I knew
that if he only hit me a couple of times with each I was going to
be in for a hell of a session but I still had confidence that he
would not hurt me much as I stood between the rings to be tied.
    " Just lie down on that spot while I put these cuffs on your
ankles and wrists"
    When the cuffs were on he tied the ceiling ropes to my ankles
and the floor rings to my wrists. When he hoisted me up I was
standing on my head spread really wide. I knew my pussy slit had
to be open and really vulnerable which added to my excitement. He
pulled the ropes really tight. He said " Is that O.K. Baby?" Even
though I was in pain I told him I could stand it. That was a
mistake because he thought I could stand more. He really put his
weight against the ropes till it felt my hip and shoulder joints
were going to pull out of their sockets. When I began to whimper
he just said, " That must be about right. This is going to hurt.
I don't want you to let anyone else touch you again unless I tell
you to."
    He started with the riding crop which he used to give me six
hard lashes on my ass. This really hurt and I could feel the skin
tighten as the welts rose and my butt swelled. Then he went to a
willow switch about five feet long he used on the outside of my
thighs to make them burn as deep red stripes were left. He
followed this with a shorter switch he used to stripe me about an
inch apart from the top of my pussy to my breasts. By this time I
was starting to go into orgasm. I was tied so tight I could not
do anything but shudder. Then he picked up the thong whip I loved
and gave me five lashes to the tender underside of my breasts and
my nipples then five more on my gaping pussy. By this time I was
in mindless orgasm. 
    He watched me convulse for awhile then said," This is the
finale Baby." He proceeded to lay lash after lash on my pussy and
breasts with the branch from a rose bush until they began to look
like hamburger. When he realized from my screams that I could not
stand any more of the terrible pain he quit and let me down.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 42

    As he washed down my cuts with a cool wet towel then applied
the salve he said, " You know you forced me to be this cruel,
Don't you?" I admitted that, " I know that I was a terrible slut
at the contest. I would have been disappointed if you hadn't
punished me. Do you forgive me?"
    " You know I do. That doesn't mean I won't punish you again
if you deserve it."
    " Oh I know I need to be controlled. I expect you to punish
me regularly. I just hope it won't always be this bad."
    " Not unless you deserve it, Puss."
    With that he started licking my clitoris which soon turned
into a "69". We were both amazed that I was able to come again
when his semen began to gush down my throat." 
    After resting for some time my curiosity got the best of me
so I went to the mirrors Dad had put in so I could see my whole
body at the same time. Even though he had spaced the lashes, my
body had been so stretched, now that it was back to normal all
the welts ran together so my skin was deep red all over. I was so
proud of them I did not wear a stitch of clothing until they
faded away in a few days. Even when someone came to the house I
would just stay in my room tracing the welts with my fingers
rather than have to cover them. At first this was all it would
take to bring on another glorious orgasm.
    Finally he reminded me that I had won three hundred dollars
with his contribution at the contest. He insisted on taking me
downtown to spend it. He expected me to spend it all on things
for me.
    When we got to town I insisted on going to the sex shops
where I picked out the sexiest lingerie and costumes I could
find. I also bought some handcuffs, padded leg irons, clamps that
could be tightened to any degree, and a cat of nine tails. The
cat was made of finely braided leather with knots on the ends.
    When we got home I modeled the costumes till he was
practically drooling with horniness. When I told him I wanted him
to try the "cat" on me he said, " Maybe later. Right now I have
to fuck or explode." When I continued to insist he said, "
"Alright! You deserve it for your disobedience." When I backed up
to the wall with rings to spread my body in a wide "X" he said.
"This whip is too severe for your front. Turn around." I said
tremulously, "No. I can't see the stripes it leaves on my back.
Pleas move the three way mirror in front of me so I can see it
hit me and leave stripes."
    He put the mirror in front of me and just far enough back so
the whip wouldn't hit it.
    The first blow to my stomach was not hard enough to make the
effect I wanted so I pleaded, " Harder, please, harder." 
    His next one to my thigh was perfect. It left nine stripes
with nine large dots of deep red. Each dot created pain which
first ran together then went directly to my pussy.
    He covered my thighs, stomach, and lower chest with the dots.
I could watch them blossom on my skin just before the pain
radiated from them. as I rapidly approached climax. He stopped
before hitting my breasts or pussy. When I gasped, " Do my tits!"
he hesitated for a second then laid one on my left breast. I
moaned, " Yes. Oh yes."  The one to my right breast left a
blossom on the nipple that caused the nipple to disappear then
reappear harder than ever and on fire. I was coming by now and
when he brought one vertically to my pussy I totally freaked. Dad
had taken his dick out and I saw his cum landing on my pussy and
legs through a haze.
    I was so weak he had to carry me over to the couch.
    After I had rested for a while, I got up to get a closer look
at the marks in the mirror. He had done a good job. Hardly any
marks were on top of each other and my whole front was covered
with the large dots.
    When he called me back to the couch to put on the salve I
asked him to leave them alone as I wanted to keep the effect.
Just looking at them and touching them excited me enough to go to
him and take his dick in my mouth to get him hard enough to fuck
me. He used one of the dildos to push up my ass as he fucked me
missionary style. His sweat and mine made all the blossoms burn
so I had his dick, the dildo, and the pain all going at the same
time to make me get off again in record time.
    Afterwards as we laid there together I said, " The cat really
turned you on. I have never seen you cum before without having
your dick sucked or fucked."
    " Yes, I am afraid you are right. Do you think I am terrible
because I am so excited by hurting you?"
    " Oh no! Don't you know I will do anything or have anything
done to me that will please you. I am your slave and welcome any
test you want to give me to prove that I am."     
    I thought this was an opportune time to tell him about the
stag parties where I would be whipped in front of an audience. He
immediately told me to forget it as he wanted to be in full
control and I had made it plain in the contest that I would not
protest anything.
    I was disappointed at his attitude but agreed not to do it. I
knew he would see any strange lash marks on my body.
    We finished with another photo session in a lot of poses but
his favorites were when I squeezed my breasts to make them hard
balls to show the dark red of my nipples and with my fingers
stretching my pussy real wide to show how my pink inner lips were
now dark red.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 43

    About a week later I had a real surprise. Mary called to say
she had checked in Ellensburg and found we had moved to Seattle.
She told me that she had missed me tremendously and was sorry we
had lost contact. I asked her about her baby and her marriage.
She told me that she had miscarried and that her husband had been
killed in a car wreck. When I offered my sympathy she said that
her husband had turned out to be a wimp and the wreck was the
best thing that could have happened to her. She had just
collected nine hundred thousand tax-free dollars from the
insurance company that insured the truck that had hit him.
    She said she planned to go to a fancy resort in Canada and
asked me to go along at her expense. I said I would ask my Dad
and call her back. She was surprised I would need permission at
my age and I did not want to explain our special relationship. I
just told her I was the housekeeper now and owed him the courtesy
of asking.
    Dad was not at all happy to see me go but he knew there would
be no good excuse to give Mary since it was at her expense. He
reluctantly agreed I could stay for a week on the condition I
would expect to be punished for being away from him so long.
    Dad would not whip me as he was afraid Mary would see the
marks. By the time Mary got to our place a week later I was very
frustrated as I could not even come close to an orgasm anymore
without punishment no matter how patient he was. He promised to
think of something special for my return.
    As soon as I got into Mary's Corvette she asked me if I still
liked to be whipped as she had not had an opportunity to whip
anyone since we had parted and felt totally frustrated. 
    This gave me an inspiration. I felt guilty about her paying
for everything and told her about the stag parties. If she would
do the whipping I would not have to worry about being really hurt
and would give me the money to pay my way. She said she did not
care about the money but it would give her a real feeling of
power to whip me in front of an audience. We drove straight to
the club to see when the next show would be scheduled.
    The Boss said we were in luck. He was giving a show that
night and we could be the finale. He told us the show would start
at 2:00 AM  after the club closed. We had a lot of time to kill
so we went to dinner at the Space needle where we had a few
drinks. We then hit a lot of bars seeing which ones we could get
into without being carded. There were quite a few so we were a
little high when we got to the club. To kill the rest of the time
we danced a few times but the Boss put so many restrictions on
what we could do since it was not amateur night we got bored. One
of the restrictions was that we could not let the customers touch
us which took all the fun away for Mary and me.
    Finally it was quitting time for the club.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 44

    The Boss loaded the performers into two station wagons and we
headed toward Puget Sound. The theatre turned out to be a house
boat with all the windows curtained. Inside the boat was a small
stage in the middle with chairs all around it, sort of a theatre
in the round. There were already about thirty people in the
audience both men and women but mostly men. 
    He took us to the front of the boat to a dressing room so we
could put on our costumes then come out to watch the acts
proceeding ours. I was surprised to find we would have costumes
as I assumed we would be naked. The costumes just emphasized our
nakedness. The top was two circles of chain we pulled our breasts
through which were connected together and then hooked around our
backs and necks tightly. Our breasts hid the bottom part of the
chain till we put our arms up in the air. The bottom was two
pieces of chain. one around our waist with the other pulled
between the cheeks of our ass and the lips of our pussy. I loved
the bottom because every time I moved the chain would work
against my clitoris.
    We heard the boat start up and went to the rear of the stage
to watch the first acts. When the boat was about a mile from
shore the show began.
    The first act was fairly tame. She simply danced nude doing a
lot of splits and bends to show off her pussy. Her finale was to
push ping-pong balls with her name and phone number on them into
her pussy then with muscle contraction shoot them out into the
audience. I planned to ask her how she did it. I did not plan to
shoot balls out. I was more interested in developing that
muscular control so I could squeeze Dad's dick with my pussy.
    The second act seemed to consist of this girl proving how
much she could stuff into her pussy. She used dildos, a baseball
bat, and a double dildo she could put in her pussy and ass at the
same time. Her finale was having the first girl fuck her with her
fist in both her pussy and ass.
    The audience applauded the first two acts but did not seem
very enthusiastic. I was afraid they had seen it all and our bit
may bore them.
    We missed the third act when the Boss had us come into the
dressing room to see what we planned to do. We explained that
Mary was going to act that I had been very naughty and our master
had instructed her to whip me even though she loved me. As a work
up she would fondle and go down on me while I was hanging from
the ropes we had seen above the stage. Then she would whip me as
I turned on the end of the ropes so the whole audience could see
the whip hit me front and back.
    He thought that sounded great except they would put the
padded wrist cuffs and ropes on Mary as well, although loose, to
emphasize that she was also a slave.
    Mary was afraid the ropes would get in her way but the Boss
said a man off stage would keep the slack right.
    He said he would change our pay. His original offer of
$500.00 for the act would be the same except he planned to sell
lashes to the audience at  $5.00 apiece We would get half of the
five dollars. We had agreed to thirty lashes so if the audience
bought that many we would get an extra seventy-five. Neither of
us gave a damn about the money but the fact that people would pay
that much added to my thrill.
    When we went back in the girl on the stage was leaving with a
large dog. Mary told me she had probably fucked it which I found
hard to believe.
    On the next act a girl came out wearing just three gold rings
through holes pierced in her nipples and pussy-lips. I was
curious as to what that would feel like. Would it hurt more than
having my ears pierced? She was carrying a many-thonged whip I
was so familiar with and when the music started began to whip
herself with it as she danced, The audience cheered when she hit
her breasts or pussy. This made me feel good as I knew the
audience of about sixty people would appreciate our act. She did
not fake it. She left great welts and her breasts really bounced
when they were hit. At the end she whipped her pussy with her
legs wide open till she came and fell to the floor.
    While they were carrying her off the stage the Boss told us
the audience was beyond our preliminary portion and that while
the ropes were being tied to our cuffs he would explain to the
audience my Masters instructions.
    He announced, " Beth has been very naughty, Her Master has
decided to have his other slave, Mary whip her very hard. He has
instructed me to let you decide the number. For every five
dollars You give me she will get one lash. There are sixty of you
out there for only five bucks each she could get sixty lashes."
    This scared me a little as I had never taken that many. I was
grateful Mary was doing the whipping so I would not be hurt too
badly.
    I was amazed by their lack of interest, especially since they
had thrown a lot of money on the stage for the girl before us.
    In a little while the Boss said he collected enough for
fifteen lashes. Go ahead and make them good. I'll try for some
more when these are used up.
    Mary said " We'll put five each on your ass, breasts and
pussy.
    Mary started on my ass turning me slightly to hit my tits
then another turn to hit my pussy so the whole audience could see
them land on each place. I was frustrated by the slow pace and
not having enough hit my pussy in a row to let me cum. Fifteen
were not enough and I was crying from the frustration of just
getting pain without being able to get to the point of excitement
to get me over before it was over. Evidentally the audience just
thought I was crying from the pain I heard someone yell, "Look at
that bitch bawl, she sure is hurting."
    He was right! I was about to beg for more lashes harder and
faster but when Mary went to my side after the fifteenth her arms
were suddenly pulled up by the ropes till she was on tip-toe with
me.
    The Boss announced, " This looks like the kind of audience
that would rather do than watch. If you have ever had a woman
piss you off, here is your chance to get even because you get to
do the whipping. Only two rules. Not above the armpits or below
the knees."
    I did not know how to react. I wanted a lot more lashes but I
had no idea how bad it might be. A big man jumped up and handed 
him twenty dollars. The Boss took the whip away from Mary and
gave it to him. I was disappointed when he put all four of them
on my ass not nearly as hard as Mary. I thought I would never
reach a climax this way.
    He had inspired others in the audience though, when I looked
over to the steps to the stage I saw there were lines forming at
both steps. I was still not afraid because the first man had been
so gentle.
    A man went to Mary first and when he hit her she said, " Not
me you fucking idiot. I don't want to be whipped!" This just
encouraged him and when she started calling them cocksuckers and
other names I saw as many as three of them hitting her on the
breasts, pussy, and ass all at the same time. A couple of men who
had already lashed her grabbed her legs and pulled them apart
till she was doing the splits and laughed at her screaming and
swearing while others brought lashes up between her legs to hit
her ass-hole and rip the lips of her pussy out of shape.
    I thought that I was going to be ignored until I felt this
crashing blow across my tits. I was not ready for it since I was
watching Mary so it really hurt. It took my breath away and
before I was ready I was hit on my pussy and my ass. I knew then
I was being hit by two people at once even though my eyes were
clenched shut as I braced for the lashes. Always before the
lashes had begun fairly light and slow building up in speed and
strength as I neared orgasm. This time they came fast and furious
right from the start. To make matters worse Mary was letting out
hideous screams as if she was being killed which I felt would be
my fault.
    I was helped by this very tall black woman who stopped the
lashes to my body when she said, " Suck on my nipples for me and
maybe I'll go easy on you." At that she opened her blouse. She
was so tall that even though I was on my tip-toes she could put
her nipples right on my mouth. the men to my sides stopped
whipping me to watch me suckle on her large round tits with
nipples the size of a finger. I was so grateful for the break I
would have sucked her nipples forever. This also gave my body a
chance to catch up with the pain and I began to convert the pain
to excitement. Just as I was starting to get very excited coming
close to that ecstasy just before you come she said, " You don't
know shit about sucking nipples."  She told the two men with her
to grab my legs and spread them. They really spread them. I felt
like the wishbone at Thanksgiving. When she was satisfied she
brought the lash up from the floor right into my pussy. She hit
me six times but thankfully they were spaced far enough apart to
let my orgasm build. I was grateful for the chain as it protected
my clitoris. The speed of the lash would have torn it for sure
without the chain.
    Thanks to the break even though the lashes kept coming fast
and furious I was able to start my multiple orgasms.
Unfortunately you can't come forever and when you reach that
point the pain becomes horrendous and you pass out. I don't know
if they continued to hit me after I passed out or not. The next
thing I was aware of was the fact they had lowered the rope till
I was resting on my knees and a man was slapping my face. When he
saw I was conscious he drove his thumbs in my cheeks to make me
open my mouth and then stuck his dick in it. He literally fucked
my mouth I made no effort to suck him and when he came he pulled
out his dick  and humiliated me by shooting cum on my face. I
looked over at Mary and saw that she was now hanging by her wide
spread legs with her arms locked behind her back.
    The Boss said that since Mary had been such a bitch anybody
that bought twenty more lashes to give her would get a blow job
by me. By the time no-one else would pay a hundred dollars I had
sucked five men and poor Mary had taken a hundred and twenty
lashes with most of them going to her gaping pussy or her maroon
colored tits. Luckily for her the whips were soft and she had
tough skin. She was just bleeding from the inner parts of her
pussy and her ass-hole.
    The Boss let us sleep on the boat till late morning then woke
us to pay us. He gave us nine hundred dollars. We were sure we
had been ripped off. We told him that he had blown it. We would
never work for him again. Mary was especially pissed-off as she
had made it plain that she did not want to be whipped. He just
shrugged and said there would always be girls willing to do it.
    When we got back to Mary's car we went directly to the first
drugstore we could find to get our special salve then the first
motel we could find with room service. We never left the room for
five days while we healed. Both of us had broken skin on our
pussies and ass-holes. Mary was the worst and looked as if she
may carry some scars. I told her she had asked for it by calling
them names since most of them were pissed at women and cussing
them just encouraged them.
    When we thought about our ordeal we remembered that the
meanest people at the show seemed to be the women. They always
concentrated on the nipples and our cunts hitting as hard as they
could.. One had even hit Mary on the side of her face till the
Bosses man jerked the whip out of her hand.
    Even with the salve it was towards the end of the week before
we could touch our clits without flinching. I felt guilty about
just giving blow-jobs while Mary had been suffering so I licked
her pussy tenderly as soon as she could enjoy it. 




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 45

    I had to go home at the end of the week. Mary dropped me off
at my house hugging me and saying we would get together again but
since she had decided to move to Hawaii I doubted it. Although
much of the damage looked much better I knew my Dad would see it
and I would have to confess. My only consolation was that after
my ordeal at the show anything Dad did would be a pleasure.
    When I got home my Dad was overjoyed to see me and wanted me
to get naked right away. When he saw my welts he wanted to know
right away what had happened. When I confessed He was really mad
and disgusted. He made me wear a turtle necked loose sweater and
sweat-pants that hid my entire body. He said that I was evil to
disobey him and that he did not want to see me as I disgusted
him. He stayed away for much of the time leaving me chained to
the toilet. Finally he just let me wear handcuffs and leg-irons
but would not have anything to do with me no matter how I begged
to suck his cock or have him beat me to make him love me again.
    It took six days for my body to heal completely. That week-
end Dad was drinking beer and watching a game on T.V. He seemed
mellow so I thought it would be a good time to show him I was
well. I pulled the sweater over my head and let it hang from the
handcuffs then pulled down the pants to shuffle out to him.
    I pleaded, " Please look at me. I am healed up. You know you
like to see me naked."
    He looked but not in the loving way he always had. He said, "
I'll never forget how you looked. I'll show you how disgusted I
am with you. Go lie down in the tub." I hurried to do as he asked
since this was the first time he had talked to me. When I was in
the tub he came in, took out his dick and began to pee all over
my body. I felt that I deserved this degradation and when he got
to my face I opened my mouth so he could pee in it. When he told
me to swallow it I did even though it made me gag. When he saw
this he said, " Well. maybe you really are sorry for what you
did." 
    " I can't tell you how sorry. I'll do anything to make up for
it. I can't stand to have you hating me. I'll kill myself if you
want."
    " I don't think that will be necessary. Take a shower and
come back to the living room."
    I took a quick shower and ran out to the living room wet and
naked.
    He said, " Will you ever disobey me again?" I assured him
that I would not, even in the smallest way. I begged him to
punish me so he could forgive me.
    " No but I may have to do something to cure your tendency to
become slovenly."
    I did not know what he was talking about till I noticed he
was looking at my pussy. I realized in my grief I had forgotten
to shave my pussy and the hair was a couple of inches long.
    "I'm sorry Daddy, I'll be right back." I went to the junk
drawer in the kitchen and got a pair of pliers I brought to him.
    " Please let me lay on your lap while you pull out the hair."
    " I'll do it because I hate a hairy pussy. This is not
punishment just personal hygiene. It does not mean I forgive
you."
    I was willing to settle for that as I laid across his lap.
The pliers would pull out several hairs at once. I was glad to
receive this attention and when he pulled the hairs at the lips
of my pussy which were extra tender. I started getting wet. I was
afraid It would disgust him again for me to get off on pain and
was relieved to feel his dick getting hard against my ass cheeks.
By the time he had pulled the last hair I was hotter than a
firecracker. When he said, " Now you aren't so disgusting," and
stuck his tongue in my pussy, I exploded in my first orgasm in
two weeks.     
It had been a long time for him too. He could not wait to get
undressed, he just unzipped his pants and stuck it in my pussy. I
was coming all along when he came what seemed to be gallons into
my crack.
    I was so grateful I immediately went down to lick his dick
and balls clean and put it back in his pants for him.
    When we went to bed I continued to kiss and fondle him till
he told me to leave him alone and go to sleep as tomorrow he was
going to take the day off to do something so I would never forget
who I was. I could not sleep all night as I tried to figure out
what he had in mind. I knew he would not tell me till he was
ready.




Beth
by Allene
                           Chapter 46

    Getting laid must have really mellowed him out as he slept
late. I had a full breakfast ready for him. I had cooked it naked
even though I was hit a few times by spattering grease from the
bacon because I did not want to displease him by putting on the
wrong clothes or any clothes if he wanted me naked.
    While he was eating he told me to go put on my short shorts
with the laces on the sides and a half shirt. Nothing more. I
hoped we were not going to a public place as everyone looked at
me as if I was a hooker. The only question I asked is if I should
wear shoes. He said I could but no socks.
    Once we got down-town I realized we were going to the sex
shops. When he found a parking place I started toward the nearest
one. He grabbed my arm and led me to a tattoo parlor.
    The tattoo artist was a big greasy looking guy with a beard.
He had pictures on his walls of tattoos he had done. My Dad
complimented him on his work and picked out a rose bud with a
long stem with leaves on it.
    He said " We want this with the words Daddy's Girl in script
curving over the top of it. Do you have a private room?"
    The artist whose name was Tom said that he did and took us
into a cubicle with curtains about shoulder high.
    Dad told me to take off my shorts. Once they were off he
said, You look ridiculous like that take off the top too."
    I was embarrassed but was not about to argue since he seemed
to like me again, Tom obviously liked my body and I enjoy an
appreciative audience. Dad had me lie back on the table and  told
Tom to help him tie my arms and legs to the table legs. I told
him that he did not need to tie me as I was willing to do as he
asked. He said he did not want me to move around and spoil the
job. Tom said " If she's a mover this might help." as he cinched
a belt from the table around my stomach. That inspired dad so
they added more straps and rope till the only thing I could move
was my head.
    Tom said, " Where do you want it?"
    Dad put his finger just above the crack of my pussy and said,
" I want the bud here with the stem running down the edge of the
crack of her pussy with the 'Daddy's Girl' just above the bud in
a curve."
    Tom did the script first. It did not hurt much at all and I
was getting excited from being tied down with this stranger
sticking needles in me. When he started on the bud the heel of
his hand was resting right on my clit. This was more painful and
the whole situation was really getting to me.       
    I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. As he moved
his hand around the whole face of my pussy was getting wet and
even starting to run onto my asshole.
    I started waving my head around since it was the only thing I
could move. I suddenly noticed there were four men looking at us
over the top of the curtain. As I said plaintively, " They are
looking at me." a fifth face appeared.
    I expected Dad to shoo them away but instead he just moved
over to the far side of my body so they would have a better view.
    When I said, " Please do something." when the sixth face
appeared, he still did not chase them away. He just told Tom to
lock the door since we were drawing a crowd. The men watching
were obviously excited and were relieved to find they could stay.
When they thanked him he just said, " You haven't seen anything
yet."
    Actually I was a little relieved he let them stay as I felt
this was a ritual to prove my love and it seemed appropriate to
have witnesses.
    It took quite awhile to do the bud. I was having mini-orgasms
about half way through. When he stated working on the stem right
on the edge of my left pussy-lip the pain increased. Especially
when he had Dad stretch the lip up to put a leaf inside. My
orgasms,of course, increased in intensity.
    When he was done he brought a mirror over so I could see his
work. He really had done a good job. It looked very nice. I
really felt loved and owned. Putting " Daddy's Girl" on me was
indelible proof he loved me.
    I thought it was over and was waiting to be let loose when
Tom said, " I may have another thing you might like." With that
he went to a drawer and brought out a pair of miniature hand
cuffs in gold. He demonstrated how the tiny key would open them.
Dad asked them if they were used to bind my hands together by the
fingers. Tom explained that usually the lips of the pussy was
pierced and the handcuffs were locked through the holes.
    Dad said, " That may be a good idea. It would be like a
miniature chastity belt." 
    Tom said, " It would probably take two sets to really work
right for that."
    The idea fascinated me. I was sure it would not hurt too much
as it had not bothered me at all to have my ears pierced and Dad
could always be sure I was true to him.
    When he said, " What do you think, Beth?" 
    " You know I will be glad to have it done if it will please
you and I will feel better knowing you have no doubts about me
being true to you,"
    The men watching made comments like, " Yeah". "Right on". "I
wish I had a girl like that!" This made me feel very proud that
everyone was impressed with what I would go through for him. So I
said, " Yes please do it. I want you to."
    Tom went to the drawer and brought out four "needles" with
corks stuck on the ends. Tom explained that he could not find
needles big enough for the cuffs to fit in so had made these out
of eight penney nails.  
    It was obvious now that this was going to hurt a lot more
than having my ears pierced but I was caught up in the moment and
made no protest.
    This was a lot different. In the first place there was no ice
to deaden the nerves and in the second place instead of jamming
the nails quickly through the lip my Dad had stretched out for
him he pushed the dull nail slowly through wiggling it back and
forth as he went.
    I could not help it. I had to scream. Dad said, " Shame on
you. I thought you were brave. If you do that again we will have
to punish you." I could not see how I could be punished more. Tom
left the nail stuck through the lip while he went to the other
side. This time if anything he went slower with more wiggling. I
did not yell as loud. But there was no question it was a scream.
My Dad said. " We can't have this." and had one of the men come
in to hold his dirty hands over my mouth.
    While they debated on the location of the next set of holes
this added restraint and the pull of the nails began to bring on
waves of excitement. By the time the second set was done I was in
full orgasm and would have fallen from the table without the
restraints. While Dad wiggled the nails to keep my orgasms going
Tom said, " I'll throw these in for free." as he held up two gold
rings. Then he pushed darning needles through my nipples. My
nipples were more sensitive than my cunt-lips but the needles
were smaller and sharper so the pain was about the same.
    I was so out of it I did not even recognize the fact that the
"jewelry" had been put in and my restraints taken off till Dad
said, " Get up and take a look in the mirror." I was covered with
sweat and my muscles were in knots from fighting the restraints
while in orgasm. I hobbled over to the wall mirror. I loved the
way they looked. The combination of the tattoo and the cuffs and
rings would be proof to anyone of my devotion.
    I said breathlessly, " They are beautiful. Thank you, oh yes,
thank you. I am sorry I screamed." At this the men watching gave
a little cheer and made more comments about how much I must love
him and how brave I was.
    Dad said, " You are so beautiful I had forgotten about the
screams, Since you reminded me I guess we will have to do it.
Since you acted like a little girl I think a spanking would be
best." This seemed mild to me and I agreed readily.
    Tom said, " I have just the thing for spankings." He led me
over to a pipe used as a barrier to the other room. He told me to
lean over the pipe and grab my ankles. Then he told Dad there was
a practical use for the nipple rings as he tied string to my
nipple rings then to a ring in the floor. He pulled the strings
so tight my nipples were pulled out as far as the would go and my
breasts formed cone shapes. He went over to another drawer and
brought out a leather paddle about the same size and shape as a
tennis racket. He asked Dad if he had ever used one and when dad
admitted he hadn't Tom said," These are really great. The swat is
over a large area so there are no marks except redness which goes
away in a day or two."
    Dad said, " That sounds great. We have one more thing to do
as she has a tendency to kick." He spread my legs about four feet
and tied them to the 4x4 uprights.
    "I think about 3 swats apiece should do it." 
    I thought he meant for the two of them and was a little
disappointed that there would only be six swats. He burst that
bubble when he said that Tom and he would be last as he handed
the paddle to the man that had kept his hands over my mouth.
    I had let go of my ankles when my legs were spread. The first
swat startled me and since my hands were not tied I instinctively
tried to raise up. This was when I found how effective the
nipple-rings were for restraints. Even the small jerk felt as if
I had ripped my nipples out. I immediately put the top of my body
back in a vertical position. I could see the men through my legs
who were practically panting with anticipation for their turn. 
    I also noticed that I could tell when the spanker's legs
moved that I was about to be hit so I could brace for it. The
first nine swats were put on slowly and deliberately. As my
passion rose I finally had to beg, " No, hit me faster and
harder."
    They were quick to comply although I resented the delay as
they exchanged the paddle to the new spanker. I kept getting
hotter and hotter and found I was torn between the need to pull
on the strings that held my nipples or to go past vertical so the
paddle could hit my pussy.
    Just as I was straining to go over the top Dad must have
guessed my problem as he slipped handcuffs over my wrists and
pulled my hands between my legs till I could see my ass. This
created a strain to my nipples and I knew this would cause my
pussy to pooch out between my legs. When the next swat by Tom hit
my pussy while I was watching my pussy exploded in pain and I
came so hard I almost ripped out my nipple rings. By the time Dad
finished I had collapsed with all my weight on the pipe at my
stomach.
    They let me hang there while Dad paid the bill. Tom told him
to come by again as he had some other ideas that might be
interesting.
    It is a wonder we weren't arrested on the way home as we
drove as fast as possible to get there. I was naked before we got
to the end my the driveway and Dad was so horny he did not want
to take the time to take off my pussy-cuffs. He just had me take
his dick in my mouth to make it wet and slick then jammed it into
my ass-hole. As he fucked me he pulled on my rings and cuffs
which made me come before he did.
    For the next month I never wore clothes and spent so much
time admiring my jewelry in the mirror that Dad had to complain
that the housework was not being done. He knew that when I really
needed to be punished he could hit my upper back which I could
not convert to pleasure.
    There is no moral to this story. I have no regrets about my
earlier experiences. If anything we were rewarded for them. My
Dad loves his new job. We are well off financially and the sex is
great for both of us. I am sure there will be other adventures
and experiments. We are so much in love it is only bearable to be
apart because of the reunions. I am sure I will have many
thrilling experiences in the future. Watch for me. Dad has
changed his mind about having me whipped in public. You might see
me at a stag party being whipped. You will be amzed at the pain I
can absorb before screaming and fainting.
                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





