BDSM Library - Anne and Alicia




Anne and Alicia
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother and daughter join a female dominated corporation as willing slaves.
ADULT MATERIAL ALERT

For mature audiences only! This post contains adult material involving
lesbianism, BDSM, and incest. Do not read past this notice if you are under 18
or if your local government has determined you are incapable of determining what
you should read. This story does not reflect the views of the author, and an
semblance to any person, alive or dead is purely coincidental.

Please note this story is copyrighted 1999 by the Author. You can distribute it
as you wish so long as it is kept intact, and you acknowledge that you are not
the author. If any profits are made from the distribution of this story, please
donate them ( minus any reasonable administrative costs) to medical research
such as Cancer or Sexually Transmitted Diseases such as AIDS or Hepatitis, etc.
or contact me to arrange sharing of any profits.

One note I want to make-- this story involves a near future where Y2K has caused
enough chaos and problems to produce global upheavals. While I firmly believe
that while our technological revolution will eventually cause changes to society
similar to the Industrial Revolution, I do not personally believe in any way
that Y2K will cause anything other than minor inconveniences. Remember this is
simply a story, and is meant to be taken only as such.




This is an adult story, Do NOT Read if you are underage!

It contains adult themes and is not suitable for underage children, or for
regions that have banned this sort of material.

ADULT MATERIAL ALERT

For mature audiences only! This post contains adult material. Do not read past
this notice if you are under 18 or if your local government has determined you
are incapable of determining what you should read.

Please note this story is copyrighted by the Author. You can distribute it as
you wish so long as it is kept intact, and you acknowledge that you are not the
author. If any profits are made from the distribution of this story, please
donate them ( minus any reasonable administrative costs) to medical research
such as Cancer or Sexually Transmitted Diseases such as AIDS or Hepatitis, etc.
or contact me to arrange sharing of any profits.

This post contains material of a frank and sexually explicit nature. It involves
medical examinations, submissive and dominant themes, lesbianism, exhibitionism,
and possibly other things as it progresses. Slavery is a major theme, and I must
note a difference between slavery in this story, and in the 1800's. Slavery then
was completely nonconsential, blacks or other peoples were simply captured and
sold into slavery. This story has regions where slavery is legal, however no one
in the story is simply kidnapped and sold. The participants sign a form agreeing
to their becoming property. Since it is just a story, I can't say no one in it
won't be kidnapped, but most of the slaves are given a choice. It most
definitely has nonconsentual themes; although not violent forced ones. It
doesn't have extreme cruelty, pain, rape or torture ( Based on my standards as a
writer).

Despite its explicit and mature contents, please remember it is a science
fiction story.I have tried to write it as a reasonably believable science
fiction story; things some would call unspeakable happen  in this story, however
I've tried to make it reasonable and careful about what I do to my characters. I
will not write about cruelty, pain or torture simply for their own sake. Entire
chapters might have no or little sex, so if you're only looking for a jerk-off
story this might not be it.

It is an extremely politically incorrect post, and there is no moral.Persons
attempting to find a moral will be digitally assimilated and given to the Tyrian
worm creatures for use as mindless sex slaves. Anyone sending flames will suffer
the much more horrible fate of having their flame merrily deleted unread.
Constructive messages or suggestions will be welcomed; also please don't
complain about my English (I'm trying), if you find a mistake let me know, but
please be nice about it. By the way, if you are female, I want details about
what you think about my stories, how you were (un) dressed while reading it,
what you did while/after reading it, etc. Since I am male, and am writing about
many different female characters all whom are different, I want to hear how You
feel ( If you give detailed enough descriptions, I will try to incorporate your
ideas into future stories, and send those stories to you first). Finally the
views and ideas expressed in this story are not mine, please remember its just a
story. All names and characters are completely made up, any resemblance to
anyone public, those I might know or have met, or anyone you know is simply
coincidence. This story is a complete fantasy and has nothing to do with
reality, DON'T do this at home, it has nothing what so ever with what I believe
or support or condone, or would do or see done to anyone.




Ann & Alicia

Chapter 1: Elizabeth's Visit



It started when my daughter Alicia found the box full of my old sorority stuff
from College while cleaning out my bedroom closet for me. She was about to start
to college, and with retro fashions the rage since the turn of the century, I'd
suggested that perhaps she might find some interesting old clothes in there. My
husband died of a heart attack, late in the nineties, and while Alicia and I got
along OK on my part-time job and the monthly supplement from his insurance
policy, it's hard to keep things straight around the house. Alicia helped me
with a lot of chores that Ben did when he was alive, and I was hoping to get
some free spring cleaning of my bedroom closet out of the deal. Little did I
know how far away it would lead us, although if I had it to do over, I'll still
make the same choice.

I was in the kitchen fixing dinner, and listening to the TV news while Alicia
sorted clothes, occasionally carrying boxes of clothes too worn to wear past me
out to the street. The TV rattled on about millennia stories in the
background��we'd gone past Y2K with few problems in the U.S. but some of the
other countries were so lucky. Here we'd only had minor disruptions, and some
fluctuations of the stock market. For a while it went way down, especially
companies who had experienced problems, but my investment representative said to
just hold on that all of the companies in my portfolio were solid. It was quite
the same overseas-- Russia all but collapsed, there were riots in France again,
and Indonesia was very bad.

I never understood it, but after 2000, the markets in Asia collapsed, compounded
by several major natural disasters. As typical for some of those countries, they
rebounded, but others are still struggling. I only heard part of that night, but
a least one small country somehow reverted to French colonial rule. I only
caught part of it, as right when they started talking, my pasta started to boil
over and Alicia rushed in just as it boiled over. It had something to do with
the government being nonsolvent, and therefore the territory reverting to French
ownership because of an old treaty. It seemed to a really strange situation��it
had been an island chain with a Monarchy. The king had been disposed and left
the country amid riots, leaving the country in chaos. Some legal maneuverings
would likely put it or some of the islands in the hands of global corporations.
France had it's own troubles, and didn't want the island. I didn't catch all
of it, and thought nothing of it at the time. The island was after all, halfway
across the Pacific, and on the bottom side of the equator from here in LA.

With the pasta under control, Alicia went back upstairs after telling me she
would clean up and come down for supper after working in the closet just a bit
longer. I said OK, and to be down in 30 minutes. The news had just gone off the
TV, and an old sitcom was now on, so I turned it off, and went back to finishing
supper. My mind just sort of wandered as I busied myself at the stove��we'd
done fine since Ben left us, but I was starting to worry about Alicia. She was
quiet like me, and she seemed to mostly have girlfriends. She disliked making
decisions almost as much as me, and would sit around waiting for them to call
instead of taking initiative herself.

Alicia came back down sooner than I expected with a puzzled look on her face,
and a small photograph in her hand. I asked what was wrong, and she replied
"Nothing. I was just wondering about this photo I found in a box of sorority
stuff." I'd almost forgotten all about my college experiences. A flood of old
memories came back to me as I stared at my daughter.

I giggled nervously, as she handed me to Polaroid. "I'd forgotten all about
this picture", I told her as I realized what it was of. The photo caught me
laying across my best friend's lap naked except for a T-shirt that had ridden
halfway up my belly. My body was still in shape, but I was very athletic then,
and the photo captured my profile very well. The sorority sister who'd taken
the picture had caught me just after my best friend had delivered a particularly
hard spank to my bottom, and my ��pleasure' showed in the photo.

I was embarrassed, and expected Alicia to question me about why I was being
spanked, but she ignored most of the picture. She just asked, "But what's this
on your butt?", as she pointed to the picture. Caught off guard, I unbuttoned my
shorts, and dropped them and my panties to the floor. Since Ben's death, we'd
become somewhat casual, and while we didn't walk around naked, we thought
nothing of dressing or undressing in front of the other. Ironically I'd never
taken my panties off in front of her. Bending over the counter, I showed her a
red heart tattooed on my right ass cheek pierced by an arrow with a whip snaking
below it. "Cool" she said as she ran her hand over the tattoo. I flinched as she
ran her hand across the tattoo��the tattoo was very close to my crack. I
flinched and contracted my groin muscles uncontrollably as I realized she could
see both my asshole and slit in my bent over position��something had just
radically changed between us and I wasn't sure what.

I changed the subject with "Supper's ready.", and started to pull up my pants.
She stopped me with an unexpected spank to my full butt. "Wait a minute. Did
they let you pull your pants back up after your spanking?"

"No", I admitted, as I stammered out "They made me stay in just the T-shirt the
rest of the evening so they could admire my red ass."

"Then leave them on the floor, and let's sit down and eat." Her sudden
dominance surprised me��once I would have protested, but I simply picked up the
platter, and walked to the table. The feel of air on my full bush seemed
strange, and I thought back to many nights I was made to stay naked so my
friends could admire my body. I'd not been submissive to anyone since college,
with Ben I'd been the aggressive one, always wanting him to eat me or his cock
in my ass, and I suddenly realized I missed college.

We ate in silence. I was lost in old memories, and Alicia seemed to revert to a
more submissive personality, and seemed too nervous to ask me more. We cleaned
up still in silence, with Alicia uncharacteristically helping me wash dishes.
Afterwards, she walked into the den, as I finished putting up the clean plates.
Spontaneously, I grabbed a bottle of wine and two glasses before following her
into the den.

I curled up on the sofa, and pour myself a glass of wine. I motioned for Alicia
to come sit next to me so I could tell her the deal with the pictures. When I
started college, my best friend Elizabeth wanted to join "The coolest sorority
on campus!" I was reluctant, but she pushed, and we went together that night to
their pledge party. The first night, and the rest of the week was fairly
ordinary for two college girls trying to get into a sorority. All she could talk
about was the sorority, and that she would just die if we weren't accepted
together. At the end of the week we were conditionally accepted, and were told
that if we made it though the trials of the coming semester, there would be a
ceremony where the chosen girls would be made full sisters. At the rush party, I
noticed that very oddly, about half of the older sisters were casually running
their hands through the hair of the sisters sitting or lying next to each of
them.

"But what about the tattoo?" Alicia interrupted me. I was trying to lead up to
it so she would understand. Suddenly I decided I would just come out and say it.
At this rate, I might have taken all night to figure how to tell it to Alicia.

"It means Elizabeth owns me..." I simply said. At the sorority ceremony, those
of us who were left were told that new members were only accepted in pairs��one
dominant, and one submissive, usually friends who'd pledged together. Sometimes
pledges where paired up during hell week, but usually came as friends. If one
dropped out, the other had to go. The sorority had a firm rule that each pair
was always together symbolically had to support each other, one would always
emerge dominant and the other submissive. All of the games and trials during
rush week, while appearing like normal sorority games, were actually designed to
test whether new prospects were submissive or dominant, and for the submissives
how far they were willing to submit. Their games also uncovered the latent
lesbians, and only the pledges that passed and signed a secrecy clause were
asked back. Then if we made it to the end of the semester, we'd find out
everything at the final initiation ceremony.

I blushed again as I explained, one of the secret trademarks of the sorority was
a belief in the power of womankind, and a strong idea that for a woman to have
any power in today's corporate society, she must also address the submissive
side. Dominant members didn't necessarily have to be lesbians, but submissive
members like me wound up licking pussy whether they liked it or not. I
shouldn't have to say that I was as familiar with Elizabeth's pussy as my own.
I stopped there, too embarrassed to talk about my lesbian tendencies to my
daughter. Since that first semester, Elizabeth and I shared a bed all through
college, and I tended to her every need, and I didn't know how to communicate
my need to be submissive to another woman to my daughter. It didn't help that I
was being to suspect that Alicia was just like me in more than the obvious ways.

I'd assumed it had been a college fling. Elizabeth and I had best friends since
grade school, and we'd done everything together just like sisters. As
teenagers, we dressed and showered together, and our college affair seemed like
just a natural extension. After college, I met Ben while working, and we got
married a year later. I continued to communicate with Elizabeth, but she moved
to Texas for a promising job. She came to visit once or twice a year, but with
everything we were both busy and I hadn't seen her in over a year. Even our
last email exchange had been months ago.

Sensing my awkwardness, Alicia spoke up again, "Why don't you call her, and get
her out here? I always wondered why you never dated anyone else after Dad died."
I started to admonish her for being too upfront, but held my tongue��she was
right after all.

I sat down next to her, and said, "OK, I'll call." We just sat there after
that, I didn't really know what else to say, and I just reflected on my days
with Elizabeth. My thoughts turned to Alicia in ways I'd never done before. I
thought about Alicia again��like most parents until now I'd thought of her as
my little girl, not a growing woman with sexual desires. It's hard to think
about, but I thought again maybe we were both just alike and would both be
happier if he explored our submissive sides and found out whom we really
attracted to. Quietly, almost in a whisper, I said "If you want to talk about
sex, you can ask or talk to me about anything. There are no forbidden
questions."

I got up and went to call Elizabeth. I came back and told Alicia I'd left a
message on Elizabeth's answering machine. As I sat down, Alicia said "I want to
talk later, but right now I just want to sit here with you Mom."

I reminded her, "If Elizabeth comes, It's OK if you talk to her too. I always
followed her lead, and she can probably explain some things I can't."

After we'd sat enjoying each other's company for a long while, she suddenly
asked, "When was the last time someone spanked you?"

"Well, your father spanked me several times before and after we were married,
but he never did it hard enough. I haven't been really spanked since college."
I heard myself say.

Before I knew it, I was lying in her lap on the sofa, pulling my shirt up so my
bare belly rested against her thighs as I settled down on. Her hand came down on
my tattooed cheek, then an inexperienced rain of blows followed. I had to coach
her��"No harder! Randomly hit my cheeks, and land one in the middle every once
in a while. Don't be so regular, make me wonder when the next one is coming."

She was nothing like Elizabeth, but I actually did have one small orgasm as I
lay in her lap. When I'd finally had enough, I made no attempt to get up, but
instead just lay there and let her massage my back and bottom. I wanted our
relationship to change, but I was uncertain how to proceed and Alicia obviously
wasn't comfortable being dominant.

Elizabeth called back the next day and told me she'd be here in a few days. She
didn't ask, just simply stated when she would be here and for me to be ready.
She was strangely silent about our past or why I'd not called sooner. Instead,
she talked about her corporation. She was now the director of one of the major
divisions, and would be moving back to California to help manage a new branch
which included some hotels in the Southwest, and several new resorts in Hawaii
and several interesting islands. She cut me off, and said I'd just have to see
for myself when I tried to get more information out of her.

She came into my house two days later in a flurry of activity. "The rest of my
bags are outside. Go get them Please.", in a commanding tone was all she said to
me. A few minutes later I had all of her bags in the spare bedroom, and returned
to the living room. I found Elizabeth and Alicia sitting together on the sofa
chatting like old friends.

"Come over here" Elizabeth commanded. "You waited far to long to call me, and
you know you'll have to pay for your mistake. Drop your shorts and panties and
lie on my lap."

"What about Alicia?" I protested.

She shocked me, "Alicia been asking about the photograph and how many times I
spanked you. She says you already shamelessly dropped them in front of her once
already. So no more protests and assume the position."

Quietly, I dropped them, and stepped out of the shorts and panties. As I stood
in front of her in just my tanktop, she pinched my pubic hair between my
fingers�� "This will have to go." I was told.

I climbed into her lap and lay down across her thighs. Alicia was sitting close
to Elizabeth, and I couldn't help but brush against my daughter.

"Put your head in her lap" was Elizabeth's command. She grabbed my arms and
arranged them at my sides with my hands tucked under my thighs and against my
mound. My chin rested in Alicia's lap with my cheek against her crotch. I could
distinctly smell the scent of her sex as I lay there. It was clear that both of
us were becoming aroused. Alicia caressed my face as I waited for Elizabeth to
start; I blushed again, not from the impending spanking but because I sensed
something happening between my daughter and myself.

Suddenly a hand came down on my ass very hard! Elizabeth had gotten much
stronger since college, and I arched my back, raising my head and letting out a
loud scream. I fell back down onto Alicia's lap, my breasts straining against
my thin top and rubbing hard against my daughter's thigh as another blow landed
on the other cheek. I cried out again, and raised up again with the second blow.
Elizabeth continued in an irregular rhythm, landing blows on either check
randomly. I bucked wildly, as my tits continued to rub against my daughter with
each blow, and my top rose almost to my chest.

Soon I was crying uncontrollable as the blows rained down. Elizabeth changed her
pattern and now her hand hit me between the cheeks, and landed on my slit every
few blows. As she spanked me, she would run her hand along my slit and asshole
on the upstrokes. My hands reached for my pussy, and I began to finger myself as
I received my punishment. Not surprising, Alicia's hand reached down and
fingered her own sex through her jeans. I'd discussed masturbation with my
daughter, and had told her it was normal, but of course neither of us had ever
caught the other jerking off. I continued to rub my breasts against my daughter,
on purpose I think. It was impossible to think clearly, but all of a sudden I
wanted my relationship with Alicia to change. So with each blow, I wiggled my
upper body to stimulate my hard nipples against my daughter's thigh or side.

The punishment stopped as soon as it began, and Elizabeth's hand openly and
tenderly caressed my bottom as she softly soothed me. After a few minutes, she
patted me, and said, "OK, you can get up now. I shouldn't have to tell you��go
put your bottoms in the hamper." I stood, but didn't attempt to adjust my top��
I left it bunched around my torso.

Alicia shocked me again, as the wicked little wench added "Why not have her put
the top in the hamper too. It doesn't conceal anything anyway."

I grinned at the comment. Not because of the comment, but because I knew the
answer. Elizabeth was not one to be trifled with.

Acidly, "Since it's your idea, go with her and take all of your clothes off
too.", came the reply, "Looking at both of you for the rest of the night appeals
to me." We both nervously walked to the laundry room. I was beginning to be
afraid of where this was going even as I wanted it, and fortunately felt that
Elizabeth would take the choice from me. I gingerly rubbed my bare ass as we
walked, Alicia's joining mine occasionally.

At the laundry room, I quickly pulled the top over my head, and threw it into
the basket. I pulled my tennis shoes off, and threw my socks after the top for
good measure. Alicia was slower, and I had to revert to my mother role.

"Hurry up and strip! I'm sure you've figured out Elizabeth doesn't like to
wait!" With my prompting and a little blush, she quickly pulled her own clothes
off and added them to the pile. We stood completely naked in front of each other
for the first time since she was a young girl. We both looked each other over as
we stood there. From comparisons, one could tell she was my daughter��as I
remembered, her body looked just like mine when I started college.

Her breasts were almost as large as mine, but were more pointed and supported
themselves better. Mine were much more rounded��they didn't sag but they were
obviously mature and full. Likewise, her butt was very athletic and trim. Her
pussy was almost a mirror image of mine��the only differences seemed to be that
her pubic hair was very sparse, and I never knew she'd started shaving her
lips. I made a note to shave my own during my next bath before Elizabeth said
anything else.

Snapping out of my reverie, I commanded Alicia to come back to the den with me.
"We'll get new punishment if we don't hurry!" Elizabeth smiled as the two of
us walked back into the den. Alicia and I were only a little bit timid as she
sat back down on the sofa and I awkwardly tried to find somewhere that wouldn't
hurt my tender ass. I finally settled onto my stomach on the floor in front of
them as Elizabeth started to talk.

"See? Both of you look much better like this. Ann, I'll enjoy seeing your red
bottom for the rest of the evening. Alicia, watch your step. If you'd been one
more minute getting back you'd be tending a sore butt too. I think I might
order this to be the normal attire. I'll think about it. In the meantime, I
want supper. Go get started while I go rent a movie for tonight."

Alicia and I were very quiet as we worked in the kitchen. Our conversation was
limited to dinner as we both cooked. "Hand me that pan", "I need the soy sauce
from that cabinet", etc. were the extent of our conversation. Neither of us
seemed to want to talk about what was happening or our feelings. I was feeling
very submissive, and I had a gut feeling that even without talking, Alicia and I
were going the same way, and wanted the same thing��whatever that turned out to
be.

Elizabeth waltzed back in as we were spooning a Thai dish into a serving dish
and preparing noodles to go with it. She was carrying a bag from the video
store, and zipped right past us, refusing to answer any questions about what
she'd gotten. As we put the dishes on the table, and Elizabeth came back, I had
my suspicions, but I knew to keep my mouth shut. Supper was uneventful despite
that two of us sat at the table totally nude. Soon we forgot all about
it��Elizabeth started asking Alicia questions about what she liked to do, where
she hoped to go to college, etc. Summer was halfway over, and while Alicia was
enrolled in the same local college Elizabeth and I graduated from, like all 18
year olds, she was still questioning her future. Elizabeth asked if Alicia
wanted to pledge a sorority, and told her about our old one, but thankfully she
stayed away from where it had led.

After a long leisurely supper, we retired to the den with after-dinner drinks.
We settled down to watch whatever Elizabeth had rented. This time, Alicia lay on
the floor, propped up against the sofa. Elizabeth sat down on the sofa, and I
curled up next to her. She hit the play button on the remote, and settled back
against the end of the sofa, and guided my head into her lap.

My pussy and ass clenched again in apprehension as I realized she'd rented a
movie from a well-known lesbian production company. The company's movies were
tasteful movies meant for the lesbian community, not hardcore porn, but it still
made me a bit uncomfortable to watch a movie with my daughter that would
probably express genuine love between women. After it started I forgot all that,
as I became engrossed in the movie, and lay motionless in Elizabeth's lap as I
stared at the screen.

Partway through the movie, I had to stretch, and happened to glance down at my
daughter on the floor. She was now lying completely on the floor on her side
with a pillow under her head. Her hand was down between her legs slowly rubbing
herself as she watched the movie. Before returning my gaze to the movie, I
looked up at Elizabeth. She saw Alicia, and smiled at me then ran her hand
through my hair and turned her attention back to the movie. I visualized Alicia
on the floor masturbating as we watched the movie��at first I thought there was
something wrong with it, but I had told her masturbation was normal. I felt
guilty when she looked up at us, and caught me with my own hand idly stroking my
slit. As the movie neared the end, and one of the characters finally got the
girl she wanted, I could her Alicia moaning and moving more vigorously as her
hand stroked more intensely? I actually felt proud as I noticed she'd had a
mild cum there on the floor.

As the credits rolled, Elizabeth stood up and announced it was late and time for
bed. Alicia politely went to Elizabeth to say goodnight. A twinge went through
me as I saw Elizabeth's hand cupping my daughter's ass as Alicia hugged her. I
received not only a feel on my ass, but a long wet kiss to my neck and face as I
spied Alicia look back at us on the way up. Alicia wasn't the only one aroused.
I wasn't as bold and didn't bring myself to a climax. I prayed Elizabeth would
come to my room like old times.

Elizabeth went up to her bedroom as I went back to the kitchen for a final drink
to calm my nerves before bed. After I'd visited the bathroom, I went up to the
master bathroom to do what little I needed to get ready to turn in. Of course, I
wasn't surprised to see her come into my room and close the door quietly behind
her as I was climbing onto bed. I stretched out across the bed and watched as
she undressed and casually scattered her clothes across the floor. As she
slipped out of her panties, and hung them on my bedpost, I reached for her hips
and buried my mouth in her pussy as I'd done many times in college. The movie
had made me much hotter that I realized as I licked and sucked on her pussy with
more enthusiasm than I'd ever done before.

After her first cum, I pulled Elizabeth into my bed, and positioned her in the
middle around my pillows. I knelt between her legs, and resumed my job. I licked
up and down her slit, cupping her asscheeks in my hands and lifting up her up so
I would have access to both her pussy and asshole. I attacked her like a puppy
given a rib bone. I shook my head back and forth, heartily thrusting my tongue
into both her holes alternatively. She yelled out as she came again. I was sure
that Alicia had to hear us, even through the closed door.

I stayed between her legs as he recovered from her orgasm. I reached up and
caressed her breasts and gently licked her smooth sex, occasionally kissing or
touching her mound as she came down. Her body twitched and jerked as she
experienced aftershocks. When she pulled at my head, I accelerated my licking,
concentrating on her ass for a while this time. When she started bucking and
arching her back again, I clamped my mouth over her clit and licked again,
rapidly flicking my tongue over it until she came again.

This time she rolled over into a ball as she experienced several organisms. I
pulled myself further up onto the bed and settled down on my back among the
pillows as I waited again. Ten minutes later she rolled back over and crawled
between my legs. We were in a competition and Elizabeth intended for me to be on
the bottom. She made it clear that she was going to win��I bucked and writhed,
twisted and turned, moaning and screaming uncontrollably as she made me climax
over and over. I lost count of my orgasms, and could do nothing but lay there as
I pleaded "I give! I give!" just like when we were kids and she'd hold me down
with her knees on my shoulders until I cried uncle.

She drew herself up beside me, and pulled me close and reached for the sheet,
arranging it around us. I went to sleep with my mouth against her breast, and my
arms around her as she held me close, whispering in my ear. I dreamed
contentedly, I think I was happier than I'd been in a long time.

We slept late the next morning. The sunlight streamed in the window long before
I thought of getting up. Around ten, I heard Alicia calling, she'd made
breakfast and had hot coffee. I was slowly waking up, snuggling against
Elizabeth when Alicia knocked on the door and gradually opened it. I looked up
to see her staring at Elizabeth's clothes all over the floor and the two of us
embracing each other. I could only say "OK" as Alicia hesitantly reminded us
about breakfast.

I sat up on the side of the bed, leaving Elizabeth lying there as Alicia closed
the door. Out of habit, I pulled on a long T-shirt before softy padding
downstairs. At the door, I turned and called at Elizabeth that it was time to
get up. In the kitchen, Alicia sat cross-legged at the table, sipping from a
coffee cup. She looked awfully cute sitting there in her nightshirt. It had
risen up around her waist, and I could easily see her bottom and the tiny
panties she wore. When in the world did she get a T-bar I wondered, as I
realized how tiny it was and that it only had a thin strap up the back.

I poured myself a cup, and sat down to eat something. I was nervous about the
night before and this morning, and tried to think of anything to talk about
except sex. Elizabeth came in fully dressed, and in as much of a rush as the
night before. She collapsed into a chair, and waited for me to pour a cup of
coffee.

As she sipped, she said "I'll need to go work for a while in an hour or so,
I'll be back for supper. My corporation is busy organizing a new resort
division. I think it will be very exciting. There are lots of good opportunities
as regions recover from Y2K. The ideas of this one go back to our sorority days,
and the President of the division was the National President for our sorority.
She's managed to gather most of our sisters from our Class. There might even be
a position for you."

Just then, Alicia dropped her cup at the sink, shattering it all over the floor,
and almost in response to Elizabeth's last words. "Oops" was all she said as
she bent over, showing us her trim butt and the black narrow strap running up it
as she tried to pick up the pieces.

"Looks like someone's going to get that spanking after all.", was all Elizabeth
said. I knew not to say anything.

Elizabeth was quiet as she finished her coffee and eggs, then stood up. "I'll
be in the den, Alicia. You know where to put those silly rags first.", was her
single comment as she talked through the doorway.

Alicia's face was redder than I'd ever seen it as she threw her nightshirt and
t-bar into the hamper, and walked barefoot into the den. "It will OK", was all I
could say as I followed her.

Elizabeth was sitting in one of the straight-backed chairs this time. I
helplessly curled up at one end of the sofa to watch my girl gingerly lay
herself across Elizabeth's lap. Elizabeth arranged Alicia's arms and hands the
same as she'd arranged mine before she'd spanked me. As I watched, She raised
her hand, and brought it down against Alicia's ass. She cried out with the
blow, and arched her back just like I'd done.

The blows continued, raining down randomly on either cheek. Alicia bawled
uncontrollably punctuated by yells with each blow as Elizabeth held her down,
and delivered her punishment. I hadn't seen Alicia cry like that since she'd
been a little girl. As Elizabeth spanked her, she explained, "Breaking dishware
is fairly serious, from now on you can expect appropriate punishment when you do
something wrong. Please me and you'll me rewarded, disappoint me and you will
be punished." I wasn't surprised to see Alicia start to rub her pussy furiously
with her hands and hear her cries change their tone.

Elizabeth let Alicia lie there and cry for a few minutes after she'd finished
her punishment. Her right hand then massaged Alicia's bottom instead of
spanking, and she caressed my daughter's face and hair with the other. Alicia
started kissing her hand and thanking her for the deserved punishment as
Elizabeth continued to console her. With one last touch on the bottom, Alicia
was ordered to get up, that it was time for my old friend to leave.

Immediately Alicia rushed into my arms and buried her face in my breasts. I held
her like I had when she'd been a little girl, and cooed into her ear as she
wailed "Mommy, Mommy" over and over. After a while she quieted and just lay
there against me. I thought for a bit, and said "Move back a minute, I guess
I'd better remove this shirt before Elizabeth says something on her way out." I
pulled it over my head and welcomed her back into my arms just as Elizabeth
walked back into the room with her briefcase.

As she opened the front door to leave, she reminded us that she'd be back in
time for supper, and expected it to be ready. Her last words as he went out the
door were "Oh, and there's no point in putting anything back on, I'll expect
you two to be nude when I get back. Pretty bodies should be left bare so they
can be admired." Alicia and I just continued to lie there in each other's arms.
She'd stopped crying, said her butt still hurt like hell. I innocently massaged
her bottom, she fell asleep in my arms just like when she was little. Soon I was
asleep too.

I woke up forty-five minutes or so later, and Alicia sleepily opened her eyes
when I caressed her cheek. I decided I needed to take a bath, and told her I was
going up to the master bathroom. Alicia asked, "Do you need anything?"

"I don't think so, but come up in a while just in case.", was my answer as I
stood up. I quickly climbed the stairs, and ran hot water in my tub. Just for
good measure, I poured some bubblebath into the water before stepped in. As I
giving myself a good scrubbing, I heard Alicia fumbling around in my bedroom. I
thought about her shaved lips and Elizabeth's comments, and felt wicked as I
called, "Alicia, come in here please?"

A tingle went down my spine as she walked in, leaving the door open, I couldn't
believe how much seeing my daughter nude turned me on. She asked "What do you
need, Mom?"

"Get a razor, cream, and lotion, and climb in here with me. I need some help
shaving myself, and we haven't taken a bath together since you were a little
girl.", I was getting horny, I hoped I was right that she wanted the same thing,
but I didn't care anymore. If Elizabeth was going to turn me back into her
slave, I was going to get what I wanted too.

She picked up the items, and came over to me. She brazenly ran a finger up her
labia, as she held her mound out as she stepped into the tub. "So you like my
look?" she teased as she rubbed her finger up and down her swelling slit.

Changing the subject a bit, and tearing my eyes from her moistening pussy, I
replied "I'd better shave my hair off before I get in trouble with Elizabeth
again." Leaving the items on the edge of the tub, she lifted her other foot into
the bath, and settled down between my legs. I was still scrubbing myself, and
soon we were washing each other. For the first time, we touched each other's
sex as she carefully ran the bar of soap along my slit and crack. After she
massaged the soap into my crevice with her dainty fingers, she turned over and
knelt on her hands and knees so I could do the same. I washed her crotch with
more confidence than she'd done mine as I remembered bathing her years ago as a
little girl.

As I finished, "I guess it's time to shave my pussy", I shakily said to Alicia.
I stood up, putting my hands on Alicia's shoulders to balance myself, then
parked my butt on the edge of the tub. I carefully balanced myself, with my
hands still holding Alicia as I spread my legs and adjusted my position so she
had full access to my crotch. I handed her the shaving cream, ten arched my back
and closed my eyes as I felt her spray it in my full bush and along the sides of
my lips. "That feels good", I voiced accidentally as I felt her fingers rubbing
it in and touching my lips as she went.

I looked down amazed at her skill, as Alicia ran the razor over my mound, a
little bit at a time. Soon my mound was hairless for the first time since I was
a girl, and she went to work around my lips. I moaned and I felt my pussy open
as she grasped each of my lips and pulled in order to shave the sides. Working
carefully, she ran the razor in short strokes to remove all the hair from around
my slit.

As she scraped away the last few straggling hairs, she asked me another tingling
question, "Is Elizabeth going to inspect our bottoms too?"

It was a surprising question, but a valid one as I turned around, rested my
belly on the lip of the tub, and stuck my ass into her face. Another blast of
cold cream hit me as she silently sprayed it around my asshole, and gently
started to shave the hairs from the last place I thought I'd be hairless. My
asshole flinched continually as I felt her fingers gently rubbing it in circles
as she worked. Growing bold, she fingered and explored my now open pussy as she
rinsed my whole bottom and removed a few last hairs.

Suddenly stopping her after she'd rubbed lotion into my mound and along the
sides of my lips, I turned back around and "It's your turn. Get up where I was.
Elizabeth's inspections are thorough and she won't like the little patch of
hair on your pussy. We both need to be totally nude."

I settled back down into the water cross-legged, and felt the sensation of the
soapy water sting a bit against my freshly shaved pussy as I watched Alicia
climb up and perch where I'd been moments before. I repeated the motions Alicia
had done to me��spraying the cream onto the tiny patch of hair and down along
the sides of her tight pussy for good measure. She smiled fondly at me,
whispering "Oh, Momma, Yes, Keep going" as I quickly scraped away the patch of
hair. I ran the razor down the sides, feeling it pick up short stubble that had
come back since her last shave.

I ordered her to turn around, and admired her whole sex as I massaged the cream
into her crack, and cleaned away the hairs there, using my fingers to pull the
skin away from her pert asshole as I worked. I couldn't resist as I rinsed her
and rubbed lotion into her glistening pussy. My fingers began to fondle from her
asshole up to her mound in a less than professional way.

"Oh Momma, Yes, Do it" came from her as I expertly masturbated her.

"Keep going, Keep going. I know it's bad, but make me come, Momma, Please?"
came from her mouth as I fingered her faster. One hand ran fingers in circles
around her asshole, and along her slit, pushing against her cute little hole,
while the other rapidly diddled her clit.

"Yes! Yes! Momma, I want the same thing as you do. What ever Elizabeth makes you
do, I want to be right there with you." she screamed as my fingers became a blur
and she started jerking as I felt her tiny body start to climax. As she came
down, I pulled her to me, and could only hold her silently caressing her back as
we sat there in the bubbly water.

I could have sat there all day idly playing with my daughter's plump breasts
all day, but I knew we had better do some chores before Elizabeth got back.
Pulling the plug on the tub, and pinching a good handful of her bottom, "Get up.
It's time we got out." As I stood up, I closed the curtain and suddenly turned
the showerhead on making Alicia yelp. She sprayed me in return with the handheld
nozzle. She wanted to play there more, but I ordered her to stand still so I
could rinse the rest of the soap off of her so we could get out.

I talked about our tasks for the afternoon, as we both stood there dripping on
the smooth tile. I grabbed a huge towel from the rack, and used it to pull her
to me, drying her back as I felt her breasts and belly rub and jiggle against my
own. I then dried her front, running the towel over her breasts, down her belly
and between her legs, like but not quite the same as when I dried her after her
baths as a little girl.

Finishing her front, I knelt and dried each leg, with my face right in her
crotch. I resisted the urge to bury my face there and eat her like I'd done
Elizabeth the night before. I stood back up, and beamed like a goddess as she
returned the favor. I couldn't believe the feel of her hands as she dried me
with a new towel. As she dried my legs on her knees, I could only think about
how badly I wanted her face in my pussy, licking every spot. I'd always been
the one on the bottom, and here was my chance to be top for once.

I knew we'd both be sporting sore bottoms again if we didn't get to work, and
pulled her back up by a handful of hair, and reached for the blow drier. We
styled each other's hair, and I thought as Alicia worked. I was glad Elizabeth
had come. I liked being this intimate with my daughter, we seemed almost like
sisters, and the empty hole that had been in my heart since Ben died seemed to
be quickly filling. I would be sorry, I thought, when Alicia left for college,
even if she did go to college in town and stay here with me. I wanted her with
me always, and I couldn't bear to let her go.

"We should have done this a lot sooner", I said, talking about the way we were
grooming each other and carrying on like sisters.

"Mom, can we talk?" Alicia replied as she brushed my hair.

"You know we can. Remember I told you I wanted you to talk and ask me anything
you wanted?"

"I meant right now for a while, I know Elizabeth will punish us again if the
house isn't clean when she gets back. I don't want another spanking if pieces
of that cup are still on the floor.", she said as she tenderly rubbed her bottom
with the other hand.

"Elizabeth's not that bad. She loves me, and she'll understand we needed to
talk about our feelings and where we're going with all this."

She paused, and I began to get nervous as she stood there, leaning against the
counter for the longest time, looking down at the floor and lost in thought.

"Mom, I haven't been with a boy since Tommy," she suddenly said. "He almost
raped me on our last date. He was too rough and he scared me. I made him bring
me home, and never called him back."

"I think I might be a lesbian, since that night I haven't been able to think
about being with a boy. Did you really love dad? I think it will help me make up
my mind if I understand what you've been through."

It was my turn to pause as I thought fondly about her father. "Yes, I loved him.
But I don't think I could love another man. He was gentle, and understood my
every thought. Elizabeth is the only other person I've ever known besides you
who could do that."

"I had a dream last night," Alicia said as I stopped. "I dreamed she was
spanking me instead of you last night. Then she made me kneel and eat her out
like I heard you doing to last night. I woke up with my hands in my cunt, and
twisted and turned as I masturbated myself and came, harder than ever."

"I've been having dreams about eating girls out, or being eaten since that
date, and I think during one of them was the first time I ever came."

"I think it's hereditary, and don't think of it quite as just being a lesbian
either. If you'd found a boy like my Ben, things might have been different. I
can't imagine finding anyone like Ben again, and I see nothing wrong with
loving or making love to another woman. I really love Elizabeth, and I want you
to do whatever you want and what makes you comfortable, no matter whether that
means being with us or finding some young girl or boy."

"I think we're both submissive, and right now I want you kneeling right there
at Elizabeth's feet with me, but I know some day maybe you'll find some girl
and will find as much satisfaction as I did, spending your nights with your face
between her legs." With that comment, I pulled her to me, and ran my fingers
though her reddish hair as I authoritatively French-kissed her for the first
time. I pulled away, even though I didn't want to, and we went downstairs hand
in hand.

We spent the rest of the afternoon cleaning and working on supper after we
decided what to make. Both of us seemed at ease in our nudity this time around.
We talked more than we had in days, chatting like childhood friends as we tidied
up the house. We even talked about previously taboo subjects like how much we
liked to look at each other's sexy bodies, and our mutual masturbation session.
I was sure that day, we'd wind up making love to each other, but we too busy
cleaning to do more than give each other hints about what we wanted.



End of Chapter One





Ann & Alicia

Chapter Two: Inspection & Initiation

The afternoon went quickly, as we talked and cleaned. Before I realized it, it
was five o'clock, and we had to rush to finish. Both of us were in the kitchen,
trying to finish dinner when Elizabeth rushed through the backdoor again. She
didn't knock, just opened the door and came on in. A curt hello and a question
about supper were all she said. "Good", she said "Have it ready in 15 minutes",
as she walked through the kitchen doorway.

I could hear her going through the house, inspecting our work just like she'd
done in college as Alicia and I quickly put plates and silverware on the table.
It seemed like I'd only turned around once when Elizabeth came back dressed in
a short silk robe. She came to the table, but didn't sit down, but stood behind
one of the chairs.

Fortunately Alicia was very perceptive and quickly moved to pull the chair back
for Elizabeth as I brought a large dish of food to the table. Elizabeth smiled
approvingly as Alicia waited for her to sit down, then helped Elizabeth pull the
chair closer to the table. As I brought the last bowl to the table, Alicia
brought a pitcher of tea, obediently asking before filling Elizabeth's glass.
With everything on the table, Alicia and I stood together, feet together and
back arched showing our neat clean pussies and full breasts to Elizabeth.

Smiling again, she said "Both of you look very good and meet my expectations.
There will be a formal inspection after supper. You may sit down now."

Both my daughter and I were quiet throughout dinner, only talking to answer
questions. I knew what to expect from one of Elizabeth's inspections, but still
I was nervous. Dinner dragged on forever, and afterwards Elizabeth stood up and
commanded "Clean up this mess and put everything away. I will be in the den
waiting for the two of you to appear in front of me. Work quickly, I won't be
happy if you're late."

The dishes put away, the two of us stood together at attention, feet touching
each other and backs arched, nervously waiting Elizabeth's inspection. I could
feel Alicia's body touching mine as I stared straight ahead aware of
Elizabeth's eyes on us. She stood up from the couch, and made one circle around
us before stopping in front of Alicia.

"I will inspect you first, Alicia. I think you want the same thing as your
mother. Now you get to find out for sure. Tell me stop, and this will all be
over. Otherwise I will expect you to obey my every command, and will treat you
no different than Ann. Step forward, and spread your legs."

Alicia wisely crossed her hands behind her back, as she stepped up, opening her
legs wide. I couldn't see, but imagined her pussy open and her lips visible to
Elizabeth. Elizabeth first felt Alicia's breasts, tweaking my daughter's
nipples, as she looked closer at her body. She then dropped to one knee, and
reached up with a hand and ran her fingers along Alicia's pussy. Alicia bent
her head back, and moaned as Elizabeth continued the inspection. I could sense
that Elizabeth had just pinched my little girl's clit between her fingers and
massaged her little nubbin.

Elizabeth stood again, and commanded "Turn around." A hand ran down Alicia's
backbone then caressed her bottom in circles. "Bend over and spread ��em" was
the next command. My girl obeyed, but not without a mild look of alarm on her
face. As you can guess, Elizabeth continued caressing Alicia's bottom, her
fingers now moving in circles around Alicia's asshole. The look of alarm
changed to a look of pleasure then to sudden shock as the finger was thrust up
her bottom without warning. After the quick yelp, Elizabeth commanded Alicia to
stand up again as the finger continued to probe.

Her look was priceless as Elizabeth stood up, removing the finger and ordered
her back in line. Of course, I was next. My body was inspected just like
Alicia's. I don't need to describe all the details, all I need to say is
neither Alicia nor I could take our eyes off each other as I was subjected to a
much more thorough examination. Satisfied, Elizabeth sat down on the couch, and
ordered us to curl up on the carpet next to her.

We sat on either side of her, our heads in her lap, as she petted each of our
heads. She was silent for a few minutes collecting her thoughts, then started.

"Alicia, I'm sure your mother has filled you in on the sorority we belonged to.
I want to make sure she covered the important details. Remember that everything
I tell you is considered privileged information, and not known by anyone outside
the sorority or the Corporation. Being or turning into a lesbian isn't a
requirement for membership, but almost all sisters are at least bisexual. I do
admit the trend lately has been towards marrying men only for power or
offspring��it is awfully hard to find a decent man now. Your mother has told you
that sisters are always chosen in pairs. The submissive sister cannot pass the
initiation without learning to lick a cunt. The dominants theoretically could
make it though school without making love to their sub pairs, but it's
considered very bad form to not take care of your partner's needs.

The sorority leaves whether or not to date men up to the sisters, but sisters
who want to date are encouraged strongly to find men with the potential to
advance our goals. Marrying a man purely for power and living a lesbian life
otherwise is perfectly fine with the sorority. Nevertheless, most of the
sisters, especially subs like your mother, find a man, marry for love, have
children, then decide to return to a lesbian relationship at some point in their
life. Once they have returned they rarely return to a heterosexual relationship.

Elizabeth paused at that point, "Ann can you get me something to drink, a seven
and seven would be fine."

As I returned, she opened her robe, lifted up enough to remove her panties, and
sat back down, taking the drink from my hand. Alicia was still sitting on the
floor, slightly displaced by Elizabeth's movements. Elizabeth spread her legs a
bit, and motioned for Alicia to come closer.

Patting the top of her mound, she ordered "Come here, it is time for your first
test. Kneel and taste me."

"But my mom is right here!" was Alicia's protest despite our earlier talk.
Talking about eating another woman is one thing, actually doing it on command in
front of your mother, no matter how close is another.

"So? You know she was in the same spot just last night. So you won't be doing
anything to me she hasn't already done. Start licking or this is all over right
now"

Slowly she climbed between Elizabeth's legs, her hands on Elizabeth's knees.
Alicia apprehensively lowered her head towards Elizabeth's crotch. Elizabeth
stroked Alicia's long hair as her tongue extended on the way down. I watched as
Elizabeth shifted again to give Alicia full access to her open sex. I was
transfixed as Alicia attached her mouth to Elizabeth, running her tongue up and
down her slit. For a first-timer, Alicia seemed to be learning quickly.
Elizabeth started moaning as my offspring's tongue found her clit. She sucked
it into her mouth expertly and flicked her tongue across it. Elizabeth moaned
louder, her cries directed at me, as she approached a climax.

"She takes after you Ann, God she knows how to eat me almost as well as you!"
Alicia mimicked my motions from the night before, grasping her buttocks in each
hand, and switching to deep thrusts and licks as Elizabeth twisted and cried
out. "Yes! Yes! I think you passed the first test!", she cried as she came.
Alicia stayed there, idly stroking and kissing Elizabeth, as I sat back down
next to them. I'd been too engrossed and had just stood watching.

I stroked Alicia's head, smiling at her, as I asked Elizabeth, "Are you ready
to continue? I think you are about to get to things even I don't know the
details of."

Elizabeth smiled at me then took another sip before starting again. By the way,
if you're wondering, our relationship is subtle. She doesn't order me around
all the time or punish me for talking out of turn, at least not when we're
alone. Around other sisters or elsewhere is a different matter, but I'll get to
that later.

She started again, "The sorority has been graduating sisters for fifty years or
so. As I said before some sisters found wealthy or influential men to marry,
others found management positions in corporations or started their own
businesses with the goals of an eventual global series of companies under our
control. Our corporations have been growing, and now with the new millenium and
the Y2K chaos, our corporations have gone global, and we now have a unique
opportunity with a very large corporation under the control of the sorority and
former sisters. The presidents and directors of the main corporations are all
sorority are sisters, and despite the recent reverse discrimination craze, all
of our management are women. Not all are sisters, but all share our goals and
ideals. We can't get away from employing men but they are carefully watched,
and except for certain monitored situations don't know the secrets I'm telling
you.

Even the stock is minority owned; 95% by women for the past five years, even
though our stock is traded on open global markets. All alumni owning companies
have been donating funds into a sorority fund. We've used this money to buy
stock in our series of corporations anytime the minority percentage fell too
low. Since our companies are run more efficiently than others and our sisters
more fugal, we've been successful. Now those funds have mostly been used to
invest in new companies, only adding to our success.

We've been doing this through the sorority itself, supposedly to help new
sisters entering the workforce. Loans are made to sisters who then use the money
to buy stocks or setup companies, all perfectly legal and seemingly a legitimate
way to help alumni get started in a career. Of course, who knows our goals and
will work towards them better than another sister?

I don't want to talk too much about practical details yet, but suffice it to
say our companies are run under the same principals and ideas as the sororities.
At our companies you will find dominant and submissive sisters just like in the
sororities. Y2K has allowed some interesting changes in how those ideas are
implemented that I won't tell you two about just yet. We've stepped in to fix
problems caused by the chaos and found new business in solving those problems.
We've expanded in areas and regions at a rate we wouldn't have been able to
achieve otherwise. Also, countries and agents that would have protested some of
our internal practices, now have no choice but agree or we won't help them.
I'm sure you've read about France on the news, they need us, the same for
other countries. It all works out for us.

It sounds very grand, but it started very simply. We just started going to work
as we graduated. As we advanced, we started our own companies or took over
existing ones as more and more of our sisters got on the boards of corporations.
Each sister has helped for the last fifty years, gradually building our global
corporation and advancing our sorority to ensure new sisters. It's all been to
achieve our goal of creating our own society built on our ideals. It's been
such as success that now we purchase or merge new companies one every three to
six months. I can't say anymore right now about some of the details. I think
you too are with me, but we'll have to explore this a bit more before I tell
all.

Alicia you obviously enjoyed eating me out, and you know I spent last night in
Ann's bed. From now on I don't want either of you to wear anything as long as
we are here alone, and I will be taking you places where the same rules apply.
Tonight I want you to join us in Ann's bed."

Alicia had remained on her knees in Elizabeth's lap thorough that whole
lecture, and responded by reaching up with her dainty hands and fondling
Elizabeth's breasts, while resuming her worship of the cunt before her. I
couldn't help but join in, and moved over to them. I encouraged Alicia this
time, "Yes lick her cunt. She likes you to lick deeply and really get into it"
as I started rubbing my daughter's back and reached around to roughly massage
her amazing breasts. My words had an incredible effect as she energetically
licked and sucked, with a few bites on the clit in her mouth thrown in for good
measure.

As Elizabeth moaned and urged Alicia on, I could no longer resist what I'd been
hoping for since Alicia had first found my picture. I moved downwards, fondling
her body as I went. With a deliciously wicked thought, I buried my head in her
crack, and familiarized my tongue with the pussy and ass that I'd shaved that
morning. I smelt and tasted her sweet pussy, licking up and down the folds of
her labia, then being a bit more experienced, I shoving my tongue up the asshole
Elizabeth had inspected earlier. Alicia moaned passionately and went even deeper
into Elizabeth as I tongued her. "Oh my God, What are you doing to her down
there? She's driving me crazy!"

As I rimmed her out, my fingers were busy jabbing into her pussy. When Elizabeth
came, I broke away from tonguing long enough to tell my daughter, "Don't you
dare stop! I don't care what she says, I want to drive her crazy with your
wonderful tongue!" After Elizabeth could take no more of Alicia's
ministrations, we just lay there resting in each other's arms for a while. I of
course made a trip to the bathroom in the name of safe sex.

Eventually we made it into my bedroom, and continued before falling asleep in
one big pile. I stirred the next morning, waking up to the feel of a mouth on my
mound. My eyes fluttered open to see Alicia sitting bent over next to me
tenderly kissing my sex. Our movement woke Elizabeth up, and sat on the side of
the bed shaking the sleep out of her eyes.

"You two are going to have to play alone this morning. I can't stay late this
morning. They expect me at work to finish setting up some details about the new
Pacific operation.", she said on her way into the shower.

I didn't pay much attention to Elizabeth, I didn't care much about details
anymore unless they were instructions to me. All I cared about at that moment
was the job Alicia was doing on my pussy, "Get up here and sit on my face you
little slut!" Elizabeth came out of the shower and selected clothes to wear, I
barely noticed as Alicia and I rolled back and forth hungrily eating each other
out. Several days ago I never would have believed this, and I now I didn't care
if society said it was wrong.

"Don't stay there all day, you need to at least eat! Just remember whether or
not you want to be punished tonight" she said as she walked out the door.

We could have stayed there all day of course, but my mother's instincts came
back at least for a minute. I rolled her off of me and pulled her by the hand
into the shower. We had fun washing each other, but stayed away from more sex.
We dried each other like we'd done yesterday. Changing her mind like the wind,
Alicia suddenly said "I'm hungry" and bounded downstairs, her breasts and
bottom bouncing as she went.

In the kitchen, I fixed breakfast for us. We talked like nothing was out of the
ordinary as we ate. We talked about the initial shock we both had, but both of
us admitted we enjoyed the relaxed and free feeling we got from being nude. We
were getting used to staying nude around each other. I was starting to get the
constant erotic feeling I have now��being nude seems natural and I can't
imagine wearing clothing. I suggested going out back and lying in the sun after
we'd picked all the things left lying around last night. It didn't take us
long to pick up things around the house and as soon as it warmed up we headed
outside.

I enjoyed lying out back with Alicia. We alternated back and forth between just
lying there quiet and talking about everything and anything. As I lay there, I
reflected on the past few days and how I was happy and ready to submit
completely to Elizabeth. I had a feeling about what Elizabeth was up to and knew
I missed all those nights in the sorority house.

Alicia abruptly turned onto her side towards me. "I don't think I want to go to
college.", she said. "I like being nude like this, and I enjoyed making love
with you and Elizabeth even more. I want to see where she's going to take us
with this before I go to college."

I did the understanding mother routine. Ben had wanted her to go to college, but
I just wanted her to be happy and contented. "You don't have to if you don't
want to. Just remember Elizabeth may take us to a point or place we can't come
back from. Just like I did in college when I went through the sorority
initiation, she'll give you a choice and tell you if you say yes that it will
be forever with no returns. Think about it before you say Yes when that time
comes. After we agree, it will be too late to back out. Even if we are there
together, I won't be able to help you if you become unhappy."

At lunchtime we went back in for lunch. Afterwards we just spent the afternoon
lounging around. We went back outside, talked some more, about what we liked to
do to each other or someone else, what we didn't like and whatever we thought
of. We even danced together, rubbing our bodies together when Alicia decided to
play a CD. We took a long shower before preparing supper, exploring each other
and making love again as the water rained down on us.

Elizabeth came back in as we were finally starting supper. After we'd finished
cleaning up from supper, Elizabeth ordered us into the den for another talk. In
the den, she motioned for us to sit with her again.

"I've scheduled an appointment at a spa owned by the Corporation for nine
o'clock in the morning. Some of the other sorority sisters will be there. It
will your first test. I'm going to sleep in the spare bedroom alone tonight. I
want the two of you to talk about this. The spa is for Corporation use only, and
there will be some legal forms for you to fill out and sign. Like the final
sorority initiation there is no dropping out once you sign. Your submissive
status will be made permanent. If you have any doubts, it's best to simply not
go tomorrow.

Think this over tonight, and what you believe you will be signing away. I cannot
tell you any more tonight, except that you can expect something similar to what
Ann experienced in college, and it will be full time, 24 hours a day for the
rest of your lives, barring certain circumstances. To reassure you, it is
already set that if you agree you will be mine. If you are willing, both of you
should be up by eight o'clock, wearing only shorts and T-shirts��no shoes, no
jewelry, just shorts and T-shirt will be all you'll need."

Alicia and I slept in each other's arms that night, something we'd do very
often from then on. I was sure that whatever was in store for us was something
like a 24 hour version of my submission in college, but I could only guess. I
only knew since Elizabeth was a Corporation employee, I wanted to do whatever I
could to stay with her. Alicia had made up her mind that she was going to stay
with me no matter what. I was almost asleep when Alicia suddenly sat up, and
woke me with her hand fingering my slit.

"Tell me again what the tattoo means?"

I sat up, propping myself up against the headboard with one of the pillows,
guiding her head to my sex as I began to talk.

"I was Elizabeth's slave. It was a pact between Elizabeth and myself. I'm sure
the sorority would have loved it if they could have made us real slaves. Of
course I still had my legal rights, but in effect I was Elizabeth's slave by my
own free will. I loved my status as much as Elizabeth�� I couldn't get enough
of serving her.

I lived in the sorority house, I didn't even have my own bed. I slept with
Elizabeth, and like the other submissive sisters wore clothing only outside or
when guests were expected. I didn't even own my own wardrobe, Elizabeth and I
shared a closet and dresser. She'd pick out clothes for me whenever I needed to
put something on. I had my own bank account but I didn't need to spend money
except for tuition and occasional dinners out. I was heartbroken when we
graduated and I found out Elizabeth was moving away for a job.

I wanted so badly for this to be permanent. Elizabeth had suggested allowing her
to take power of attorney for me before we graduated, and if she asks again,
I'm going to say Yes."

With my last words, I began to come, my hips bucking against Alicia's mouth.
"Go to sleep", I said, "If you want it, we both can be her slaves and be
together for a very long time. I'm apprehensive, but I trust Elizabeth
implicitly." I pulled her up on top of me, and we both slept soundly.

We were up and dressed before eight the next morning. It felt weird to wear
clothing after Elizabeth had made us stay nude these past days. Elizabeth had a
black sedan out front, and after a quick breakfast she ushered us out, and
ordered to get in the back. After we were in, she sat in the driver's seat, and
we drove downtown. As she pulled into the parking lot, she told us, "This spa is
owned by the Corporation and is a private club for company employees only.
Outsiders who inquire about coming here are sent to another public spa also
owned by the Corporation. Incidentally, like the college sorority that spa, for
women only of course, is used to recruit potential new blood."

She pulled into a parking space marked Reserved near a door at the rear and
ordered us out of the car. She ushered us through the door; behind it was a
small spartan lobby with a counter to one side. A door marked ��Corporation
Employees Only' was straight ahead, and another door was behind the counter.
Elizabeth led us to the counter, and introduced us to the girl behind the
counter who worn slacks and a casual V-neck top with a company logo on it.

"Hello, we've been expecting you. My name is Jill", she said as she pulled two
stacks of forms on clipboards, two slim white collars, and an empty box from
below the counter.

"First remove all of your clothing and put the garments in this box. As I'm
sure Elizabeth has hinted at, you are not allowed to wear clothing. We will
provide clothing when required. As I'm sure Elizabeth has told you, you can
leave now or before signing if you have second thoughts. The non-disclosure form
must be signed regardless. You may want to look over all of the documents before
signing any of them. Remember once you sign anything past the non-disclosure,
it's too late to back out. Normally we interview candidates more thoroughly,
but I understand Elizabeth has briefed you two enough for you to make a
decision. Also, feel free to talk it over."

I guess I was a bit shocked, but was by no means unexpected. Both of us silently
stripped off our two pieces of clothing off and placed them in the box, which
she took through the door, and returned empty-handed as we read the forms. I
read the non-disclosure document first. It specified that we were not to release
proprietary information about the Corporation, its Corporate Rules, it's
employees, or its policies towards property of the Corporation or employees, and
signed it quickly. It specified certain specific and severe legal remedies
should I try to disclose anything, but I was sure I would have no reason to. I
didn't understand why they would care about releasing information about
property at the time.

The second form I expected, but I had to think about it anyway. It was a power
of attorney giving Elizabeth control over my affairs. As I read it over, and
thought about what it would mean. I trusted Elizabeth, and wanted to finalize my
submissive relationship with her, but I still had to think it over before
signing. As I thought about it, Jill called out, "Elizabeth can discuss it with
you as you read the forms. Since you will be formalizing your relationship with
her, I would suggest it."

Elizabeth came and sat between us, moving Alicia to the side. She touched both
of us on the knee then moved her hands up, cupping each of our pussies and
massaging our labial lips with her fingers. She said, "I still can't tell you
much about what will happen to you if you sign yet. I can say I will be
travelling to the Corporation's exclusive resort island at least on a
semi-permanent basis, and that I want the two of you with me. Trust me, I'll
realized how much I've missed having Ann serve me, and I can't think of
anything I want more."

I was sure I was ready to sign it, but I decided I'd better read the rest of
the forms first. The rest of the stack was the shocker. It contained pages of
information that I had to sign that I understand, and an employee enrollment
form. As I started reading, the pages detailed the Corporation policies and
opinions. It stated that the Corporation's charter was based on the secret
principles of the sorority, implemented in ways that only could be realized in
ways possible in the global post-Y2K environment.

It went on that while slavery is illegal in most of the world, the treatment of
certain employees similar to the submissive sisters of the sorority was
formalized in the Corporation Chapter. It went to say that because of the Y2K
chaos, there were now certain countries totally under Corporation control, where
the Corporation was free to treat those submissive employees as it wished for
their good and the good of the Corporation. I read through all the legalese and
boiled it down for Alicia and myself.

In effect, we would be true slaves, property of the Corporation or one of its
employees such as Elizabeth. In the regions controlled by the United States or
other major countries, we would still have the rights of a U.S. citizen,
although as employees of the Corporation those rights were mainly for show. In
the Corporation documents, dominant and regular employees such as Elizabeth and
Jill wore treated the same as subs like Alicia and myself. They just got more
rights and liberties, and more responsibilities for that matter. Several
interesting things to note��inside countries such as the U.S., becoming a
Corporation slave was completely voluntary, and so long as we didn't disgrace
ourselves, had the potential to advance.

As soon as we were taken to a Corporation island, all that would change. There
we would be slaves, period. We still could advance eventually, but our rights
would be as property under Corporate regulations. Not quite the same as
historical slavery��how we would be treated or how we could be sold was strictly
regulated. I would have never dreamed how excited this made me. As I read
further, I noted that incoming slaves had to sign forms releasing themselves,
and doing so was voluntary��they had every right, at least theoretically, to
refuse and not enter the country.

The last form seemed to be a typical Corporate employee enrollment form. There
happened to be fields on the form not on any normal employee form. Most of it
was already typed in, fields that indicated what ��type' of employee, some
reference to Elizabeth, etc. All I to do was sign my name. They were already
taking away the things I don't like to worry about.

With only a bit of hesitation, I signed it, the one indicating I understood
everything and the power of attorney one. I felt a slight tinge of guilt as I
noticed Alicia watch me then quickly sign her own copies.

Elizabeth smiled approvingly at us, keeping both of us on edge by handling and
pinching our breasts. She took the clipboards from us, tore off back copies of
each of the sheets which she put into her briefcase. The rest of the copies she
gave back to Jill, who gave Elizabeth the two collars.

"OK, you two, time to stand at attention for inspection. I know you know the
drill.", was our first command from Jill.

As we stood there breasts thrust out, Elizabeth approached us, fingering the
white collars as she stopped in front of us. She buckled one of the collars
around my neck, pulling it snug, then placed the other one around Alicia's
neck.

"Slavery should have never been outlawed.", she said as she walked around us.
"With more than half our workforce as slaves, the Corporation runs much more
efficiently than other corporations. The cost to feed and maintain one of you is
20% or less of the average employee's salary. We don't need to clothe you, pay
you, or give you all of the silly amenities employees are always wanting. I
don't you'd be surprised that most of you are happy just licking your owner's
pussy.

By the way, in case you were wondering, the color of your collar is significant.
Red is for males, blue for labor females both only on the islands where slavery
is legal; white for new sorority slaves like you, black for ordinary corporate
slaves, silver for sorority slaves who've been to one the islands to be
registered, and gold for prized slaves. Right now you really aren't technically
my slaves, but simply really low level employees who have to obey the orders of
superiors. As soon as we get to the island, you will be registered as slaves,
and I will receive your deeds of ownership. Once we are there, you both will get
Silver collars.

Unfortunately, I have some bad news for you right now. I'm sure you expected to
be back at the house tonight, but you're going to be trained here for the next
three weeks. You might as well get used to taking orders. I'll let you write
down any medicines or so forth that you must have. After the three weeks I'll
let you rest at the house for a week, maybe even with a few new friends, and
then we're off for the islands."

Elizabeth paused in front of me again, lightly popping me in the belly. "Oh, and
you'll be exercised fairly hard too." she said. "Ann for a forty year old, you
look fairly good, but I want my property in top shape. Everyone wants to look at
your body, you know. Tell me if you need any medicines, I'm going to leave you
in Jill's hands." Neither of us spoke as Elizabeth left us to our fate.

I was honestly scared about what I'd gotten ourselves into, as we stood there
nude, and Jill circled us. I felt like I was under a microscope, I just knew she
was looking for every insignificant imperfection in my body. Muttering to
herself as she surveyed our bodies, she started lecturing again as she came
closer, "I shouldn't have to tell you, Obey every command you are given, unless
said command is life threatening. Otherwise, you must obey. There is a posted
procedure for submitting complaints��it is a process leading up to a formal
hearing, so don't think you can complain just because someone ordered you to
tongue their pussy or asshole. Don't talk without being asked a question
either. I know Elizabeth was liberal with you, but here and especially in public
areas on the Islands, slaves are expected to behave properly."

I gasped, wondering ��Public areas?' as she began to touch and pinch me all
over. No area was left uninspected. I held my arms out till they were sore as
she pinched and felt each muscle I had. My back received the same treatment as I
was ordered to bend forward. My pussy involuntarily opened as she felt my ass
and probed around my flinching asshole. Kneeling behind me, she continued
examining my body, squeezing and pushing the muscles down my thighs and calves.

Talking again as she came around in front of me, she said "You have an
attractive body, but I'm afraid you haven't taken care of it like we want. You
will be exercised like never before." Jeez, I thought, I've got three weeks of
sore muscles to look forward to as she started on my front. She felt and pressed
on my chest and belly muscles, ordering me to pull my stomach in so she could
see my muscle definition. My pussy moistened unwillingly�� I felt like meat
being inspected for market, but I was incredibly turned on.

She ran her fingers along the skin I'd shaved just yesterday with Alicia's
help. "I'm pleased with your smooth cunt, but from now both of you will receive
a special depilatory cream over your whole body. You'll stay hairless for six
months between treatments.", she informed me as she began to masturbate me right
there as I stood barefoot on the tile floor of the lobby.

I moaned and whimpered, aware that I shouldn't open my mouth to beg and that I
was standing where anyone coming through the outer door could see me, as she
roughly played with me like a child with a doll. I looked over at Alicia, a look
of intense pleasure on my face, as Jill inserted one, then two, then three
fingers inside me, sawing them in and out as she thrummed her thumb across my
clit. Alicia silently mouthed the words, "Cum Mother", as my body betrayed me,
shaking and spewing cum all over a new Mistress's hand.

"I am pleased" she said, wiping her hand on my heaving belly, "You kept you
hands at your side like a proper slave. Now let's see about Alicia."

I stood there waiting as I watched Alicia undergo the same treatment. "Your body
is in fine shape, but then you are only 18, almost 19 slave. We will make this a
competition��whichever of you has the better body and knows how to please a
lover best by the end of the three weeks will get a reward." she said. Alicia
showed her innocence and na?vety as Jill masturbated her just like she'd done
me in this semi-public place. Her face blushed red, and she kept looking from
the door back to me, as she sighed and gasped with arousal. Jill mauled her
pussy, Alicia was clearly embarrassed, and took longer to come.

Alicia's head suddenly jerked toward the door to the spa itself, as it slowly
opened. With shock, she abruptly stopped coming, but then uncontrollably
continued as Jill renewed her attack on my daughter's defenseless pussy.
Another girl wearing a Corporation V-neck shirt came through the door, stopping
beside Jill. Alicia's humiliated look as the new girl asked "Are you done with
these two, I'm ready for them inside?" was priceless. With that comment, Alicia
climaxed, breaking her silence, moaning "Oh God, Oh God, thank you mistress."

Clipping a lease to her collar, then another one onto mine, our new Mistress
curtly replied, "I guess we can let that one go, clearly you've already been a
good slave today." Jill stood back up, and returned behind the counter. She
filled out forms on two new clipboards, then handed them to the new girl, "Here
Sarah, the notes from my inspection��Slave Ann needs to be worked hard, and make
give Slave Alicia plenty of pussies to eat, she needs the practice."

"Sarah will take you now. My shift lasts until lunch. Alicia you will be having
me for lunch. I want to see how well trained that tongue has become.", Jill told
us as we were dragged through the door. A blast of sights overwhelmed my eyes as
I walked through. Most of the large room was a typical women's spa, filled with
exercise mats and equipment. To one side was a door marked ��private' that was
obviously behind the front counter. On down that wall was a door with ��Laundry
& Building Facilities'. A sliding window next to that door had a large sign
that read ��Slaves pick up and return Issued Clothing Here'.

Directly opposite on the far left wall at the front was another door marked
��Women's Dressing Area��No slaves Permitted'. Further down that side was an
open doorway with ��Common Showers' over it. Last on that wall was a closed
door with ��Steam room & Special Treatments'.

Three or four doors and doorways were along the back wall. I couldn't see the
signs from the front doorway, but I found out later, the doorway on the left led
to a hallway with exercise rooms and classrooms. The next hallway led to private
rooms for employee or guest use. The last door, I'll tell you about later.

I guess I expected the rest of what I saw, but as I looked over at Alicia, I'm
not sure what was going through her mind. Her pussy was as open and dripping as
mine, and she intentionally held her hands behind her back so anyone could see
her front, yet her face showed an expression of shear dismay. As we looked
around, the room was full of people, all of them women, and fortunately about
two-thirds of them were nude slaves like us. I'd been kept nude at the
sorority, but it had been a while, and seemed different. Here I was exposed to
all sorts of women, none of whom I knew.

Most of the slaves wore white collars just like ours, but several of them wore
silver or black ones. All of the ones in white collars were exercising at
machines or in small groups on the mats, supervised by other employees dressed
like Sarah and Jill. Instead of working out, the slaves with silver collars were
all assisting women in designer exercise wear.

Sarah turned back around to face us, still holding the leashes. "Before we get
started, I want you to meet someone.", she said before leading us to a woman
working out at a rowing machine. I felt like every pair of eyes watching us as
we walked across the room. I was especially conscious of my labia squishing
against other, and still wet from my orgasm, and I knew everyone could tell. The
woman wore a very expensive designer leotard, and was assisted by a short trim
slave wearing a silver collar.

I couldn't help but stare at them. The woman looked very aristocratic, even in
exercise gear, her hair looked like she'd just come from the finest salon, and
the lines of her face were very defined. The slave on the other hand, acted like
a little girl, she was short and very tan all over with small champagne glass
tits. Her ass and legs, while not overly muscular, looked like those of a racing
horse. Her belly was eminently kissable, her stomach well defined and the lines
of her ribs were easily seen. Her pussy was tight and cute, her labia lips
barely peeked out of her slit.

When she saw Sarah leading us over, her slave helped her off the machine, and
she stood in front of us. Sarah handed our leashes over to the woman then
stepped away to speed up two slaves exercising nearby with hard spanks on their
bare bottoms. Suddenly the woman jerked each of our leashes, almost making us
stumble and forcing our chins upward.

"Heads up always, eyes downcast. Back arched. Feet about six inches apart.
Always make sure your pussies are displayed properly." in a commanding voice was
her first words to us.

"There." she said as we adjusted our bodies, too aware of imaginary eyes staring
at us.

"Much better. Always remember your place! I could buy you. One offer to
Elizabeth and you'd belong to me like Lisa here. Always remember that."

She paused again, came closer, examined us like she had X-ray vision, then
hooked a finger into our pussies, one at a time, pulling it out covered in our
honeydew. My knees grew weak as I watched her suck my juice off her finger like
she was licking batter off a spoon.

"Now" she said, "My name is Ms. Thomlinson, and of course this is my slave Lisa.
You'll get to know her on a more intimate level, she's staying her for a few
days remedial training. Always address me as Ms. Thomlinson. In my presence,
always address an owner the same. I will be extremely displeased if I hear
either of address your owner as Elizabeth. It's Ms. Howell, understand."

She went on without waiting for an answer, "I'm the Director for the Pacific
Division�� Ms. Howell works for me, and she's one of my best friends. That's
all you need to know. Ms. Howell has promised she'll bring you to see me. I
look forward to having both of you worshiping me."

Ignoring us for a minute and turning back to Sarah, she ordered "You can take
them for their treatments now. I will want to inspect them again in three
weeks."

I tried to look around the huge club as we were quickly led back to the doorway
leading to the steam and special treatment rooms. I would become very familiar
with the place as I would spend the next two weeks there, but right at that
moment I was overwhelmed. As much as I wanted to take it all in, all I really do
as we were escorted back into the club, was stare at the other slaves. With new
humiliation, I recognized at least two or three of them, all sisters I'd at
least known in passing. They had been new pledges when I was about to graduate
it, and I was suddenly afraid. I felt like a horse in training for a derby, and
wondered what they'd do to me to get me into shape.

Next: Chapter Three: Slaves in Training





Ann & Alicia


Chapter Three: Slaves in Training

Alicia and I were put in one of the steam rooms, directed to lie down on
separate benches on our stomachs. Our attendant put water hoses in our mouths,
and some sort of weird hose with a cup at the end under our pussies. "Suck the
hose whenever you feel dehydrated, the more water you drink the better. When you
need to pee just let it go. Remember what you are now, modesty is no longer
needed."

"It will get unbearably hot in here. You must endure it for two reasons��first
we want you bodies to stew and sweat in here so your skin will be nice and moist
for your next treatment. Second, we want you to learn to meditate and take your
mind away from your physical bodies. Your body isn't yours, it belongs to your
owner. It will get very uncomfortable in here before we let you leave. Let your
body relax and just lie there, if you need to pee, just let it flow. "

"We are monitoring you��if either of you is in danger, we will take care of you"
she said as she fastened straps around my ankles and around my wrists at my
sides. "

"You must trust your masters. This is an exercise in enduring your fate, and
perhaps your first in how to stay aroused without being allowed to bring
yourself off. Now lie there and let your bodies go. I'll be back in an hour,"
she said as she did the same to a terrified Alicia.

She left us there, closing the door behind her. I wiggled my body trying to
settle down, as the steam rose and I began to sweat almost immediately. I
propped my head up, placing my chin over the built-in pillow, trying to lie as
comfortably as I could in my confinement. I resolved to stay motionless for the
next hour, swiveling my bottom a little bit upwards into a slightly more open
position, clenching and releasing the muscles around my pussy and ass, settling
myself better onto the cup that pushed up against me. I meditated, all the fiber
of my consciousness seemingly centered in my cunt. I drank from the tube almost
without realizing it. I released my pee, in the heat my consciousness seemed to
leave my body with it, and I closed my eyes.

I dreamed as I lay there boiling in the extreme heat and steam. I wasn't
asleep, but the room was so sweltering, I couldn't keep my eyes open, and all I
could do was daydream. I drank long, almost continuous draughts from the water
tube, my vulva released what excess water that didn't come out as sweat without
my awareness. I fantasized about the slave girl Lisa I'd just met. I dreamed
she lay on me on one of the mats in the exercise room, all the people in the
room, including her owner watching me as I ate and sucked her pussy and ass over
and over.

I stirred from my daydream, opening my eyes, as I heard Alicia moaning and
pleading as she twisted in her bonds. She was moaning incoherently as I watched
her frantically hump her mound against the bench, trying to rub her cunt against
anything, making her ass cheeks quiver as she shook.

"Oh my god, I'm so hot I think I'm about to pass out!" she cried to no one in
particular, then sucked the water, drinking until she coughed and sputtered.

"I'm peeing again! I can't stop peeing!" she moaned after a long pause, as I
watched her pelvis twist and jerk as the last streams and drops flowed from her
vulva.

She settled down again, silent for a while. I closed my eyes myself, returning
to my fantasy about the cute little slave, discharging a short stream of pee
without even realizing it. I'd actually fallen asleep in the stifling heat,
when I was snapped totally awake.

"I'm burning up! Please let me cum! Oh God, I need to rub my pussy! Please!
Please!" she moaned, as she renewed her assault on the bench. Finally her naked
body collapsed against the bench, sighing and snapping her pelvis upwards. I
could almost see her labia lips open and close as she endured her lesson in
staying aroused until given permission to climax.

She lay there quietly, moaning only and arching her butt only occasionally until
Sarah came back for us. My own arousal became a dull ache as we both sweated
profusely. We learned to endure the heat, as both of us lay there, our naked
bodies coated thickly in sweat and water, only sporadically moving our bodies
like snakes in heat, our hair damp and matted around our faces. Finally, Sarah
and another girl came in, both wearing T-back leotards.

"Have you had enough of the steam room?" she asked as she climbed onto the bench
above my head. Glancing under her thighs, I could see the other girl had
similarly climbed atop my daughter's head.

"Then kiss my hand" she said as the water tube was pulled from my mouth and
throat. She offered me the back of her hand, and I began kissing feverishly.
Soon the hand was withdrawn, and the crotch of her leotard pulled aside. I did
not hesitate in burying my head between her thighs and devouring the pussy in
front of me like it was my last meal. From the moans and sighs, I could tell
Alicia was likewise engaged. As soon as she came, Sarah rubbed my nose in her
juicy sex, and stood up.

"Lay there a while longer and rest." she said. "The steam will be turned off to
let you cool down a bit, then we take you for your next treatment and a medical
exam." We were left alone again, still strapped down, and given no opportunity
to achieve our own orgasms.

Five or ten minutes later, Sarah came back, bringing with her a breeze of cool
air that suddenly seemed too cold. She unfastened the straps from my wrists and
ankles, clipped the leash back to my collar, and pulled me to my feet. Leaving
me to drip sweat and juices all over the floor, she did the same to Alicia. She
wrapped Alicia's leash around her wrist, pulling Alicia closer to her.

She spanked Alicia's bottom hard as she dangled from the leash held high above
her. "You have been very bad! Since your owner wants the two of you kept
together, you will both be punished later! Maybe a good lashing will teach you
two slaves not to try to come until told!"

I glared at Alicia with a look that said "Don't you dare get me in trouble
again!" as we were pulled back out into the hallway. Sarah led us to another
medium sized room on the same hall that looked like a cross between an examining
room and a football locker room. Three full size medical examination beds, along
with stirrups dominated the center of the room��of course modesty was no concern
here. A medical whirlpool stood in one corner, and against the other wall were
counters and cabinets. A variety of bottles and medicines were scattered about
on the counter.

"Stand here and wait." Sarah said as she left. "A nurse will be here soon. I'll
be back after a while."

Another woman dressed in clinical white pants and top rushed in carrying two
towels. With one of them she toweled Alicia dry, patting her bare skin instead
of vigorously rubbing her. As she worked down my daughter's body, she poked and
probed like the girl up front had done. Finishing with Alicia, she did the same
to me, patting my skin dry and poking at my muscles as she went. Both of us were
directed up onto the exam tables, instructed to lie down on our backs.

As we lay there, she professionally rubbed some kind of medicinal lotion down my
arms, then down my legs. She carefully applied it under my arms, and on my
mound, and along my lips, even rubbing it around my asshole. After telling me to
lie back and wait, she did the same to Alicia. Finished with Alicia, she picked
up a bowl of water and another towel.

She explained the same thing the other girl had told us in the lobby as she
rinsed my skin, "This is a new depilatory cream a research division just
developed. No one will have to shave you for six months." I started squirming as
she rinsed my slit, gently pulling my lips to wipe the excess cream away.

"Stop that!" she admonished, slapping me painfully on my lips as I tried to tilt
my pelvis up against her hand. "You know not to try to get off!"

She ignored me after that as she did the same to Alicia. For once, she was more
obedient then me as she lay there patiently. I had time to look down at myself
as she rinsed the cream from her. I panted, still heated by the steam room, my
skin was flushed, and all my pores felt more open than ever before. Disobeying
several orders I think, I ran my hand along the skin she'd just depilated,
enjoying rubbing the slick skin of my mound, and the sides of my groin. I
couldn't get over how smooth I was��the cream made my skin far smoother than a
razor had.

I must have gotten away with touching myself, the nurse continued, ordering
Alicia to slide down and put her feet into the stirrups. Alicia accepted the
speculum into her pussy, as the nurse did a rather ordinary gynecological exam.
Apparently satisfied, she put aside the tool, then bluntly shoved a new one up
Alicia's anus.

"Ow!" Alicia cried as it sank into her rectum.

"Bad girl!" was the response, "What is the correct reaction, Alicia?"

"I'm a slave and supposed to endure whatever is done to me." Alicia meekly
replied.

"You will be used however your owner wants. I need to make sure everything is
normal." she said as she finished that part of the exam, and ordered Alicia to
sit up so she could listen to her chest and take her blood pressure. After
filling out another form, she ordered Alicia to stand up and wait until my exam
was finished.

I endured the same series of examinations. I guess you're wondering, with the
hindsight of already knowing what was coming, I bore it better than Alicia. She
finished with us both then left us standing there waiting.

Sarah took charge of us again after we'd waited again. She literally dragged us
to that room I didn't want to talk about earlier. It was NOT a standard room
for any kind of spa, even one as large and complete as this one. It was large,
dark and filled with all kinds of BSDM equipment.

I didn't have time to look around, Sarah immediately strapped one leather
bracelet attached to a chain around my left wrist, then another one to my right
wrist. Quickly leaving me, she did the same to Alicia. She walked to the wall
and turned a crank while calling out loud, "Someone come help me please?"

My arms were pulled above my head, and I was standing on my tiptoes before I
realized what was happening. I had to admit my daughter looked cute with arms
stretched out and on tiptoes as I glared at her for getting us in this mess. We
were left again, as Sarah walked out, leaving us literally hanging.

"Think about what you did to deserve punishment. Your arousal is expected, but
you WILL not beg or plead for relief." she said as she closed the door. All I
could think about as I hung there, was Alicia's rosy cleft on display for
anyone coming back through the door. We hung until our arms were sore before
Sarah finally came back trailed by another employee I hadn't met.

"Boy, this is going to be fun", she said, picking up two whips. She gave one to
the other girl, and they walked around behind us where I couldn't see them no
matter how I twisted my neck.

They made us wait again an interment amount of time, then with a crack, the tips
of the whips landed on our buttocks simultaneously. Neither of us could stay
quiet this time as the blows rained on us over and over. Next the whip landed on
my back, then on my other butt cheek. I really yelled out when a blow landed on
the tender part of the back of my upper thigh.

This was no spanking like Elizabeth had given me. It really hurt! Soon both of
us were bawling continuously and crying out as the blows landed. I could think
of nothing but the pain down my back, buttocks and legs. I hardly noticed the
blows had stopped as I bawled.

Both of the girls came around in front of us, exchanging their whips for softer
shorter ones. Hands reached out and grabbed both of our pussies. Sarah cupped my
slit in her hand, pushing her fingers up it, and mashing her thumb against my
throbbing clit. My cries turned into moans of pleasure as she roughly massaged
my sex. She stopped right before I could come, leaving me hanging there and
burning.

I resisted the urge to plead for release as I jerked on the chains, twitching my
mound upwards. Suddenly her whip landed across my dripping pubis and I jumped
backwards, swinging on the chains. The tassels of the whip were soft, but they
still hurt like hell. I continued swinging, driven by the whip.

"We won't let you come yet. You can play with the other slaves later.", she
said as another blow landed. Alicia's cries echoed my own as the other girl
whipped her as well. Just like me, instead of crying in sorrow, she moaned and
cried out, "Please let me come. You don't know how hot I am!"

With the last blow fading, I hung there limply, my chest heaving violently. My
juices ran down my legs, and I wanted to come so desperately. Alicia was silent
as well, gasping for breath as she dangled by her wrists.

"Maybe this will teach you to ignore your own pleasure," Sarah told us as she
put away the whips.

They let us down and clicked leashes to our collars again, then lead into a
massage room near the showers.

"Up on the tables" Sarah commanded.

As we complied, she retrieved some sort of lotion from a cabinet.

"Remember you are to learn to maintain your arousal until permitted to come," as
she poured some of the lotion into her hands and started massaging me. I tried
to stay still as I lay on my back and she massaged it into my tits. Alicia and I
watched each other, pure joy in our eyes as they massaged us from head to foot.

"Just lie still, this is a skin conditioner, we want you in top condition you
know," Sarah said as she paid special attention to my loosening lips. Alicia and
I were ordered to turn over, and I daydreamed again, trying not to think about
my sex as the other side was massaged. I couldn't help but dream of an orgy
with the slave girl Lisa and the other slaves. Every time I closed my eyes, I
had visions of writhing on the floor, limbs twisted up in a mass with the other
slaves.

Before I knew it, we were in the shower being washed off. My skin tingled
incredibly, it had never felt so clean and fresh.

"Good news," she said as the last of the lotion was rinsed off.

"It's feeding time at the zoo. You will eat and play with the other slaves,"
she said as she pulled us fresh and clean back into the main exercise area,
curiously empty of most of the slaves.

She took us down the hallway and into a medium sized room with soft padding on
the floor. All of the slaves missing from the exercise room were here, all lying
or kneeling on hands and knees. A row of pink pussies and winking assholes
greeted us as Alicia and I were led to a low shelf against the wall. Pushed onto
hands and knees, we joined the line in feasting on some sort of mushy stew. They
gave us no utensils so we followed the examples of the other slaves and rooted
in the stew with our mouths and noses. Sarah unclipped our leashes and left us.

I didn't realize how hungry I was until I started eating. My stomach was
bursting when I finally stopped and turned around to look around the room. It
was a writhing mass of naked limbs and bodies. Some of the slaves who'd been
napping had come over and pushed aside others to eat. Most of the rest were now
lying or crawling about in the center of the room, tangled together in groups of
two, three, four or even more.

It wasn't any kind of formal orgy like a daisy chain. They were just piled up
together. Some of them were in 69 positions with others humping their pussies
against a leg, or whatever they could find to rub against. Others were tied up
in some sort of three-way, somehow twisting so each pussy fed a mouth. Each
slave's tongue had something to lick, another mouth, a jutting nipple, and most
often a creaming pussy. Cries I hadn't heard since college filled the room.

I found myself in a group twisted together in a way I can't describe involving
Alicia, another slave, and myself. It was the oddest feeling I'd ever had.
After being aroused all morning and given no relief since being masturbated by
Jill, I started coming as soon as a tongue touched my pussy. Yet my pussy just
kept getting wetter and wetter, as the mouth kept licking, I came again. The
tongue didn't stop, and I came again and again and again. Soon none of us were
licking anymore, as we just held ourselves in a loose ball, feeling our breasts
and bellies heave against each other.

Out of the blue, Jill came into the room and grabbed Alicia up by the collar. "I
hope you didn't stuff your little belly, did your forget what you were going to
have for lunch?" Jill said as Alicia stumbled after her out of the room.

Alicia told me her little story when she was brought back:

"Jill dragged me into one of the private rooms. It had a foldout sofa, an end
table and several very comfortable chairs. All I think about as I walked in
there, was how aroused and eager to come again I still was despite having come
over and over minutes before. She had me help undress her, then sat down in one
of chairs, tilting it almost all the way back.

She motioned me towards her and told me, ��Make love to me Alicia.'

Instinctively, I knelt and started to bend towards her sex.

��No,' she replied, ��I said make love to me. Come up here.'

I climbed atop her, as she reached for me, pulling me to her. As she reached her
hands around me, pulling my mouth to hers, and my breasts pressed against her
smaller ones, my pussy burned as my clitoris mashed against the top of her
mound. We kissed passionately, and rolled back and forth on the chair, both of
us pushing and pulling to rub our pussies against each other.

I began to come, just my rubbing my sex against her belly. I couldn't
comprehend it��never have I come in so fulfilling way, before or after I became
a slave. We continued kissing, enjoying just making out. After what seemed liked
an eternity, I started to move my way down her body, kissing as I went. Making
love to her was different than any other experience, even having sex with you
mother.

I kissed her neck, making her giggle as I ran my tongue over her flesh. I moved
downward, pausing at the little dimple at the base of her neck. I loved her
breasts next, licking in circles around them. Finally I concentrated on her
nipples, one at a time, biting gently to make them stand up before I sucked them
into my mouth.

I had her crying ��Go lower dammit! I can't stand it anymore, God kiss my
cunt!"

I needed no more prompting and kissed my way down her cute belly, stopping at
her belly button. Continuing on my way, I stopped again to kiss her mound. I
spent minutes just running my tongue over her smooth skin. I went on down,
lifting her pelvis up with my hands, as I washed her lips. I intentionally
ignored her clit as I went.

She moaned louder as I tongued the bit of skin between her pussy and anus.
��Lick around my ass,' she cried out.

Taking that as my cue, I circled my tongue around her little rosebud, laving it
with my spit. I touched the crinkly skin of her asshole with my tongue, licking
upwards as she moaned again. I returned to washing her pussy with my tongue. I
thought about what I was doing as I flicked my tongue over her clit then
returned to exploring her folds.

I love eating almost any pussy��that has become clear to me over the past days.
But all of a sudden this one was different. I could love this one forever.

��I want you to save your money, and buy me," I lifted my head long enough to
say. I switched my attention to her clit, and rapidly pulsated my tongue across
it. She started coming, and I held on. I ignored her yells, and just kept
licking. I lost count of how many times I made her come, and finally just moved
up and just collapsed on top her.

We lay there for a while, and she talked to me. Instead of ordering me around
like everyone else does, she talked to me, asked me questions about myself.
Don't get me wrong, I think I've realized I love giving up control and want to
be told what to do all the time. This was different, in thirty minutes, most of
it spent fucking, I made a connection unlike any I've known.

Momma, I have no rational explanation for how I can love someone that much after
just a few hours, but I feel it��I love her like I've never known anyone else.
She told me she's up for a promotion soon if she agrees to move to the island.
I know Elizabeth will take us there, and Jill says she will buy me if she can
afford it."

I idly played with her body as we lay there again in the slave's room,
listening to her tale.

"I understand," I said, "I can tell from the glow of your skin that something
happened. Just remember that we have no say in the matter anymore. You could be
sold to anyone Elizabeth wants, IF she wants to get rid of you. Once she was
really mad at me back in college, and threatened to sell me then��of course she
couldn't then. We'll just have to go along with whatever and enjoy it."

We just lay there quietly after she'd told me her story, enjoying the feel of
each other's bodies. I suddenly needed to use the bathroom badly, and wondered
how I was supposed to take care of that. I saw a long trough filled with running
water on the other side of the room I'd missed earlier. I crawled over there,
brushing my belly against several slaves as I crawled over their sleeping
bodies.

I crouched there, wondering how I was going to get over this new embarrassment,
trying to do both things. Alicia bounced over, boldly walking, her breasts
jiggling, as I tried to go. For once she was more daring than I, letting it fly
at once. With the sound of her tinkling, I could hold mine no longer. Mother and
Daughter, together in everything I thought.

"Do we not even get toilet paper?" I thought, wondering how to clean myself.
Alicia solved the problem for me as she simply dipped her bottom down into the
running water, and rinsed herself with a hand. Whatever, I thought and followed
suit, dipping my hands into the water and rinsing my sex and ass��tingling as I
realized nothing would be private anymore.

We lay down again, just resting in each other's arms. Coiled against me, Alicia
rested her head against my breast, playing with my nipples, twisting and pulling
on them. I kept thinking of how she would curl up in my lap as a child, but this
was totally different.

Too soon, Sarah and another employee came back into the room, wearing leotards
and stockings.

"Up! All of you! Exercise time!" Sarah called out.

We quickly trotted out into the main exercise room, spurred on by slaps across
the butt by the quirts they held. Barking commands, they organized us into rows
on the mats. The other girl led in aerobic exercises, while Sarah moved around
among us. Whoever was unlucky enough to fall out of step felt the quirt against
their buttocks, or for more serious lapses, against a rosy pubis or swinging
breast.

More out of shape than any of the others, I struggled more than the others to
keep up. I felt the quirt against my butt and sex over and over as Sarah
concentrated her attention on me. She forced me to exercise like I'd never done
before. By the time the two-hour session was over, with one fifteen minute
break, with sweat dripping from every body part, I was glad I didn't wear
clothes anymore.

Afterwards, we were given thirty minutes to rest. Alicia spent most of the time
playing with some of the other slaves, rolling and licking right there on the
mats in the middle of the main room. All I could do was lie motionless, too
exhausted to move. Without being forced, I would never exercise like this to get
in the shape I needed to be in.

Too soon, Sarah picked out Alicia, two other slaves, and myself, putting us on
exercise machines. She had us work for two hours working problem muscle groups
such as my stomach. As she pushed me to get my abdominal muscles in shape, urged
with the quirt, Alicia's arms were worked. When I didn't think I could do
anymore, she switched us��putting me on a new machine to work my thighs.

At the end of the session, we rejoined the others in the slave room. Another
mushy stew, something that tasted a bit different awaited us for supper. My arms
and legs hurt so badly I was couldn't have eaten with fingers and utensils even
if I'd wanted to. It was all I could do just eat with my mouth like a dog.
Again after eating, for a while I could do was lie there. I could only imagine
how my limbs and belly would feel in the morning.

As I rested Alicia made love with the other slaves, moving from countless
partner to partner. Just as easily as me she was turning into an insatiable
slut. A few of the other slaves seemed shy, almost timid, and didn't
participate until someone a little more dominant forced their sex into the shy
one's face. Not so Alicia, she couldn't stop licking and moaning as she rolled
from girl to girl. Watching them play invigorated me, and watching was no longer
enough as I joined in, forcing my cunt against the mouth of one of those timid
girls so I could get off for once.

Afterwards, I lay there against Alicia, breathing hard, my belly still heaving,
and my drenched pussy still throbbing for the feel of a tongue against it.
Completely uninhibited now, she licked at my face, and sucked from my breasts as
we lay resting��I couldn't believe how we'd become such insatiable animals
that lived to please our female Mistresses.

We were taken for another light aerobic workout session later that evening. The
physical part was easy this time, the rest was something else. I didn't know
whether I was a dog in an Obedience class or a new Marine recruit being degraded
by his sergeant as the girls hurled commands and insults as we groveled as rows
of naked slaves.

"What makes you think you're worthy to lick my shoes, let alone my pussy?"
echoed in my ears as one skinny slave with tiny breasts was singled out by our
drivers.

"Forget about all those designer clothes you wore!" she shouted into Alicia's
ear, "Your Mistress wants everyone to see how valuable her property is! Forget
about those Fall fashion shows you were so fond of. Think about being led down
the runway by your leash in the Fall Slave Show instead!"

"Maybe Ms. Howell will be tired of you and put you on the Auction Block", she
taunted me as she teased me with stings of the quirt. I soon learned to keep my
head held high, back arched and breasts thrust out even while exercising as I
was worked.

The session over, the rest of the pack were herded into the showers and then put
down for the night in the slave's quarters to sleep as a group with heads
resting against whatever body part was handy. Alicia and I however were led back
to the medical exam room.

We were meet my the same nurse who'd examined us earlier. She directed Alicia
up onto the table again, this time onto her belly.

"Head up and back arched!" she commanded, slapping her butt as she said "No one
should have to tell you that anymore. My body flushed as I watched Alicia pump
her pelvic muscles, opening and closing her labia lips as she continued to
revive her workout.

I expected to be ordered up onto a table myself, but instead was ordered to
stand next to Alicia, and display my buttocks so the nurse could easily see my
tattoo. She rolled over a cart, which I could see contained tattoo needle and
ink, which I saw over my shoulder (before being ordered to stand at attention
like a proper slave).

I could hear her work as I stood there on my bare feet, hands clasped in front
of me so I didn't accidentally get them in the way. I'd gotten used to
clasping them behind me whenever I didn't need them and it felt weird with them
in any position other than the proper ��Slave at attention' pose.

I gathered that Alicia was getting a tattoo just like or similar to mine. By the
way, not all of the girls at the Sorority had similar tattoos. Back then it was
up to the dominant sister about whether or not to have their sub tattooed or
pierced.

Sarah finally explained as the nurse worked and Alicia bore the pain by gritted
her teeth, "In case you are wondering, Ms. Howell wants the two of you to be
just alike. Both of you will get the standard ownership brand on the other cheek
once you're on the island."

A dab of lotion on the fresh tattoo and both of us were sent off to join the
others to bed down for the night. We found a darkened room filled with gentle
snoring, occasional moaning, and sighs of passion. About half the slaves were
already asleep, mostly in each other's arms, the rest were locked in passionate
embraces again. Our conditioning was taking hold, and we were losing our
inhibitions quickly. After hardly a day, our pussies displayed our arousal with
wetness, and whenever we were left alone, we engaged in sex constantly.

Alicia and I wasted no time in joining the pile and enjoyed ourselves until I
fell into a deep soundless sleep. I awoke the next morning, and struggled as I
was ordered up onto my hands and feet and to the bowl of breakfast. I quickly
ate�� every muscle hurt and I wondered how I could continue.

Mine is not to wonder or think, but simply to do. With no choice of my own,
continuing was much easier as I was ordered to jog back into the exercise area,
breasts bouncing and bare feet pounding against the floor. Along with Alicia and
a few other weaker slaves, I spent the morning at the exercise machines, working
new muscle groups this time.

We were allowed to eat lunch and rest, but ordered not to play as we all rested
in rows like first grade kids put down and watched over for their afternoon
naps. Aerobic exercise continued that afternoon, another series of light
sessions like the evening before. Supper came and went, then more training
sessions, this time on exercise equipment and aerobic sessions, so we could
assist owners train their own bodies. As one of the weaker slaves, I was
constantly used as the ��Visual Aid' as everyone practiced how to help someone
working out.

That night I was asleep almost immediately, while Alicia continued her carnal
pleasures with the others. The next morning, I didn't feel as bad, but was
still somewhat sore. Unfortunately I was worked hard that day, both on the
machines and in physical aerobic sessions. Since I'd had it easy the day
before, Sarah pushed me very hard, making me use more weights and cruelly urging
me on with the crop.

My body ached even before I was lead back to the slave room for the night, and
Sarah led me to the massage room first. I could hardly move, let alone moan as
she roughly massaged me with hot oil. I gleamed like a fish as I led back to
sleep for the night. I dreamed of a great orgy as I lay there motionless, but
all I could remember when I awoke was my tongue licking deep into an unknown
pussy.

I fell into a pattern, as I awoke��sore again but starting to feel much stronger
and firmer. Today was a light day, filled with light aerobic sessions, weight
training on problem groups, and more slave training. I felt like I was back in
school, except that now I was nude constantly and the subjects were everything a
slave needed to know to perform duties for the Corporation.

I spent the evening learning to please new Mistresses, moving from pussy to
pussy as the girls lounged in the steam room. I felt a new power from even my
lowly position, as I crouched on hands and knees, carefully licking and sucking
every inch of a new pussy. I took it upon myself to learn every cranny and fold
of a new pussy as my head bobbed between each set of thighs. I held my head
proudly, unashamed, as I rapidly masturbated myself with one hand as they
permitted me a cum.

I felt better than I'd ever before when I woke the next morning. I knew this
would be an heavy workout day, but I looked forward to it. I worked harder than
ever, and knowing that I was pleasing my owners made it all easier to bear. I
exercised longer each day, with increasing weights each day.

Sexual training of course was part of the program, conducted in the bondage
rooms. The sights that greeted me seemed to be something out of Anne Rice's
Sleeping Beauty novels. Slaves were tied in all sorts of positions, working
dildos into their canals or stood free masturbating with fingers or a dildo as
one or more employees or clients watched. The really inhibited slaves were
forced out into the open area to masturbate where anyone working out could
watch.

Other slaves received lessons in pleasing a mistress��working their tongues into
the pussy or ass of an employee or client. No one passed the course until a
client went home satisfied after receiving the attentions of the slavegirl being
graded in one of the private rooms or sauna.

Alicia and I were informed that we didn't need any of this training, except for
the required final test of pleasing an unknown client. Instead we had to learn
to control ourselves while doing or duties or being punished. We were flogged or
spanked constantly until we could endure our arousals with coming or attempting
to bring ourselves off.

We were left free and made to hold ourselves in position no matter how painful
the punishment. We endured long bondages��at least once both of us were hogtied
tightly and left overnight. All traces of incest, motherhood or daughterhood
were erased from our minds. We were slaves��we would eat together, sleep
together, wash together, please together, fuck together, and come together,
sharing as slaves, not mother and daughter.

Before I knew it, the three weeks were almost up. Along with the other slaves,
I'd worn nothing the entire time, and not left the spa except to be sent out
back into a fenced in area to sunbathe. I'd become much stronger, and my body
was very noticeably firmer and better looking. I can never explain it, but I was
pleased to be treated this way, and looked forward to this island, where I would
always be naked, and hopefully never wear clothes again.

Elizabeth came and got us one afternoon, arriving in a black sedan with heavily
tinted windows. The two slaves who got into the back of the car were totally
different from the girl and woman who'd arrived three weeks before. The clothes
we wore to the spa were left in the clothing bin, to be issued to the next slave
who needed them. Like babies, we entered a new world nude. We got into the
backseat, and rode sitting on towels, directed not to mess up the seats.

I noticed more changes at my home (now Elizabeth's I guess ) when she pulled
the car into the driveway and packed it the back door where I hoped no one would
see Alicia and I got out nude. I had no chance to worry about that as Elizabeth
opened the back door, clipped leashes to our collars and led us inside.

I noticed several new things right away��a box full of shorts, T-shirts, etc. on
the floor next to be back door, two sets of bowls on the floor labeled Ann and
Alicia, respectively, a set of ��house rules' taped to the refrigerator, etc.
None of them were unexpected as Elizabeth quickly explained her rules and the
commands we were to follow unless she gave new ones.

The neatly typed note on the fridge said:

Both Ann & Alicia will remain nude 24 hours a day, unless asked to leave the
house.
Clothes are provided at the back door. No other clothing is permitted unless
specifically given out by Elizabeth.
The Postman, and all other regular Delivery personnel had been apprized of the
situation. Answering the door is expected, and not reason to wear garments.
Clothing will be provided in the event of visitors not aware of the situation.
Three hours each day must be spent in aerobic exercise and sunbathing Outside.
All chores on another list must be completed before any ��extracurricular'
activity.
Both slaves will act as trained in the presence of any visitor or Corp.
employee.
As I walked through the house, I noticed other changes. There were two low
ottomans with special cutouts into which we could be strapped in the den.
Several whips and other implements were now on display over that very sofa that
I'd been spanked. My bedroom was now Elizabeth's, all of my clothes were now
part of Elizabeth's collection, in the clothes box or thrown out. Alicia no
longer had a bedroom��it was now Elizabeth's office, and most of her clothes
had been given away (I understand her little friend Jill has some of them). I
expected that both of us would sleep on the floor from now on, probably at the
foot of her bed.

I'd been ��resigned' from my job, and I learned the neighbors had been told
we'd gone to a desert resort for a couple of weeks, and were now about to move
away. When we were at home alone or with just Elizabeth, things were pretty much
like they'd been when Elizabeth came, just more formal. We were told to expect
Corporate visitors, and to act as we'd been trained whenever visitors were in
the house.

For the first few days, Alicia and I exercised outside and did our chores. The
rest of the time we ate side by side, slept curled up in each other's arms, and
had sex constantly��before sleeping, while in the shower, while lazing around in
the backyard. Any thoughts of incest were forgotten�� our training dispelled any
lingering doubts. We literally do everything together and knew each other's
bodies so well we seemed like best girlfriends, and weren't ashamed to do
anything in front of the other.

Three days later, Elizabeth gave me a list of ingredients, a stack of recipes
and the final menu for a formal dinner.

"We are having guests for dinner tonight��some of the Directors from another
Division that are on their way to tour one of the islands. A delivery boy will
be bringing the groceries and other supplies around Eleven��Don't worry he
works for a grocery warehouse that has a contract with the Corp. He's used to
seeing nude slaves."

"Check his list before he leaves. Have him return if any items are missing.
Perform your normal chores and exercises, then wash before starting preparing
the food at Three. The food must be perfect, I don't think you will have any
problems, but you will be punished publicly if anything is out of place."

"Leave the food warming on good serving plates in the kitchen. Then set the
dinning room table with the best plates and utensils. Remember, no hanky panky
anytime after Three."

"Take the oil you will find with the groceries upstairs to the bathroom, and
wash again after everything is prepared and ready. Dry completely and tie your
hair into ponytails. You may apply light makeup from the boxes of items I have
allowed you.."

"Lightly apply the oil to your bodies��I expect your torsos and legs to gleam
but not be too greasy, then be waiting at the front door at attention by Six. I
will then issue commands to serve dinner to our guests."

"You will behave properly, and do not hesitate to fulfill any command or
request. Any punishments will be severe tonight."

I have to say both of us were very nervous when Elizabeth left that day. We went
about our chores anyway��we really didn't have any choice. Alicia tried to find
somewhere to hide when Eleven approached, but I threatened to tell Elizabeth and
she nervously waited by the back door with me. Finally a compact car drove up
around five after eleven.

Alicia screamed and tried to run when he got out of the car "I've met him! He
graduated high school a few years before me!" she cried as I held her by the
arm. A slap on the butt and a quick command calmed her a bit, and she realized
she had no choice.

Alicia obediently stood, her hands clasped behind her and politely showing
herself to him as I opened the door.

"I have two more boxes in the car.", he said as he carried the box of food
inside. Alicia blushed from head to foot as he set the box down on the counter,
staring at her the whole time. I ordered Alicia to check the contents of that
box, as I followed him back outside for the other two boxes.

Back inside, Alicia and I finished checking the list, I was careful to let him
look at me all he wanted��I was proud of my new body, and then we continued our
chores and exercises after dismissing him. It was hard not to play with each
other, as we washed upstairs. We prepared the food the same as we'd done weeks
before, only following the strict recipes for a formal seven course meal.

By then, Alicia and I were completely at ease with our nudity and talked and
chatted like sisters as we carefully made the food, making sure each step was
done right. We were done by five and put what was supposed to stay warm in the
oven to warm and the rest into the fridge. We quickly set the dinning room table
with the good china and the provided fancy napkins, then headed upstairs again.

As we started to shower again, I realized I was getting really turned on again
by knowing that soon I would be serving unknown guests totally nude and
subservient. Alicia was a bit more disobedient and I had to make her stand still
as I washed her sex and ass, rubbing my fingers across her lips and asshole. We
stood under the water to rinse, holding each other, then stepped out.

We dried off with the same big towels we'd used weeks before then pulled our
boxes of possessions out. Elizabeth had permitted us one box each for favorite
possessions and limited makeup selections. The rest had been thrown out or put
into storage. Each of us dried the other's hair, applied conditioner, and tied
it back into a tight ponytail. We put on each other's makeup, using the same
shades.

We applied the oil to ourselves, carefully rubbing it in so we gleamed. As I did
Alicia, rubbing from her feet to her neck, I especially enjoying massaging the
oil into her mound and pouting lips. After she'd done me, we were a sight in
the mirror��two naked fit bodies gleaming in the light, ready to serve with our
collars around our necks.

Downstairs, we waited at the front door, tamely standing at attention, in the
pose we'd been taught, our backs arched and breasts thrust out, feet six inches
apart so our pussies were readily visible. Nervously, we thought about what
would happen next, as the clock clicked towards Six.



End of Part Three: Intelligent Comments and Suggestions Always welcome and
encouraged. The more you write and support my web site, the more I write.





Ann & Alicia


Chapter 4 Slaves at the Mansion

The door opened right at Six, and Elizabeth breezed in followed by three other
women dressed in business suits. Alicia and I waited inspection nervously,
feeling extremely out of place in our nudity next to these women wearing dark
skirts and suit coats over expensive blouses. Being kept nude among other slaves
and Corp. employees wearing casual clothes was one thing, this was quite
another.

"These are my personal slaves, Ann & her daughter Alicia," she introduced us.
She didn't bother to introduce them to us, as she said, "Ann was my sorority
sub. Both of them volunteered quickly, and as you can see, have become quite
valuable property. They will of course serve our meal, then will be available
for your use."

My face burned, and Alicia could hardy stand still as they looked us over,
circling us, tenderly touching our nipples, our legs, our bellies, the heated
sexes between our thighs. My tongue came out of its own accord, nibbling at the
finger, when it touched and caressed my mouth and lips.

More questions followed, "So you really own them? And they're really mother and
daughter? How hard did you have to try to talk them into this? How did you know
that deep down they were submissive lesbians? They will lick any pussy?" along
with comments that made my face burn even hotter, "Look at their cunts, I can't
believe how turned on these two are. I can't wait to visit the island and be
waited on hand and foot by slaves like these."

Elizabeth answered some of the rapid-fire questions herself, "They have both
pledged themselves to me, and are listed in Corp. documents under the employee
heading we use for slaves, however they won't be legally listed as slaves until
they have been transported to the island where of course slavery is now legal."

She continued as she idly played with me, running her fingers through my hair,
and across my nipples, "Free women recognized by the Corp. may come and go as
they please. All other women and all men may only enter the island after
receiving a brand of ownership. Surprisingly, a large number of unattached women
and men arrive asking to be branded."

She continued for me, "Yes. Once their submissive nature was uncovered, it was
easy. I've known Ann since childhood and it was apparent even then; Alicia
obviously takes after her mother."

The last question she made me answer. I blushed as I spoke, "We have been
trained to please with our bodies, and we exist only to please our owner. We
obey any command, and trust our owner not to ask anything dangerous. Our tongues
are especially skilled, and both of us are very good at pleasing our Mistresses
with our mouths. We have also been trained to stay aroused and come only when
permitted."

Apparently satisfied with my answer, Elizabeth commanded us to wait in the
dinning room until needed, while she allowed the ladies to freshen up, and
prepare themselves for dinner. As the ladies walked back to the downstairs
restroom, Alicia and I walked from the front entranceway through the formal
living room into the dinning room and stood next to the door to the kitchen.

Twenty minutes later the ladies came into the dinning room the same way Alicia
and I had. Without being told, we sat them at their seats, helping each of them
pull their chairs up after waiting politely behind them. As they walked in, I
noticed at least one of them stuff a pair of panties into a handbag.

After all were seated, including Elizabeth at the head of the table, we politely
asked for their drink orders, and quickly padded into the kitchen. Neither of us
spoke as we made up the drinks, then Alicia walked on bare feet back into the
dinning room with a tray of drinks while I poured the soup for the first course
into bowls on another tray. I found Alicia standing at attention near the head
of the table when I returned.

"Modesty is such a silly concept. All lower class citizens should be kept nude.
Why waste precious resources on vanity in temperate climates?" I heard one of
them say as I walked in carrying the bowls of soup.

"Ann, stand at attention on my other side until we are ready for the second
course. My guests really enjoy watching you and Alicia," Elizabeth curtly told
me after I'd passed around the soup, making sure each of them had the correct
spoon.

Alicia's nervous breathing seemed voluminous even against all the chatter in
the room as we waited for them to finish. We were painfully aware of their eyes
on us as each of them spent far too much time stealing glances at us as they
sipped their soups. Finally, Elizabeth asked us to bring the second course, a
Caesar Salad in. It really only needed one of us, the salads were in the
refrigerator, already prepared, but both of us were very nervous, so she came
with me to help load them onto the tray.

Our guests were getting playful and constantly touched our breasts, bellies or
pussies as Alicia and I went around the table, placing the salads in front of
each woman. I stood stock still, spreading my legs wider, when one of the turned
me around, spread my asscheeks and probed my anus. Even in my widest days at the
college, I never would have believed this, but now I can't get enough of it.

We were ordered back into our attention pose, as the ladies ate their salads. I
heard nothing but compliments about our food, just not ones you'd normally
hear�� at least once I heard "Wow, this is really good. I hope they eat as well
as they cook!"

Their conversation turned to business and they forgot about us as we stood
there, arms crossed behind our backs. I began to get comfortable in my position
as I let my mind wander��I was a servant and submissive too, why shouldn't I be
nude? The Romans commonly kept their slaves nude in all sorts of weather��you
don't read that in the history books. I was just glad we were in a moderate
climate.

Finally they interrupted my reverie and were ready for the first entr��e. We
quickly retrieved the dishes from the oven, and each of us carried a dish into
the dinning room. Alicia served the guests on one side of the table. I started
at the other side, and ended by serving Elizabeth last. We didn't have to be
told to return to our positions while waiting for the last entr��e course.

We went through the same routine for the fourth course, another entr��e. For a
while at least, they'd still ignored us as they continued their conversation
about Corporate policies. Finally they asked about desert.

"We will eat desert in the den." Elizabeth commanded as she stood, and walked
towards the den.

"Alicia, bring the deserts to us. Ann, please take everyone's drink requests."

Very apprehensively, Alicia retrieved the pie from the refrigerator, and carried
the pieces into the den on another tray. I asked for drink orders and went to
the liquor cabinet to mix their drinks.

Entering the den with my tray of drinks, I found Alicia standing in the same
spot she'd been in when Elizabeth first inspected us weeks before. Elizabeth
and her guests all sat around eating their pieces of pie. I heard lots of
��mmm's and ��ahh's as they ate, not to mention at least one "I want a slave
that cooks as well as these two."

They all relaxed and made themselves comfortable, leaning back and stretching
their legs as I passed around after-dinner drinks, then left the tray on an end
table. I could easily smell Alicia's cunt when I took my place next to her. We
had not pleased ourselves since we'd woken up on the floor of Elizabeth's room
that morning, and both of us were burning up. We'd gotten in the habit of
eating each other every morning, but had obeyed Elizabeth's command not to
play.

My thoughts were interrupted by a question from one of our guests, "So what are
these funny looking low wooden ottoman like things?"

"Those are new bondage racks I purchased while Ann and Alicia were being boarded
at the spa. We haven't had a chance to try them out yet, but they are designed
specifically to their body measurements to hold them for display, punishment or
use. Notice how they are designed to force their legs apart, and also keep their
heads raised. I arranged them at either ends of the room so that if both are
tied down, they can watch what's being done to the other."

I shivered as one of them said, "I want to see the racks used, but first my
pussy needs eating. I want the little one."

Elizabeth didn't have to tell Alicia to go kneel in between the woman's legs.
As Alicia slicked over to the sofa, our guest lifted her butt and raised her
skirt over her hips. Unlike the last time Alicia ate out someone on the sofa,
she confidently got down on her knees and bent her head down to kiss the pussy
before her. Her tongue came out, and she expertly ran it down the woman's outer
lips, then back up the inner ones.

As she started shoving her tongue deep into the pussy, I was called to one of
the other guests. As I dug my own tongue into another pussy, I heard cries of
"Oh God, I'm coming!" as Alicia brought the woman to several climaxes. I
continued licking, relishing the taste of my guest's pussy as I fluttered my
tongue up and down her lips and up to her clit.

Finally they could take no more, and pushed us away. The last guest insisted
that both of us eat her at once. Alicia and I spent the next thirty minutes on
our hands and knees, our bodies touching as we both pleasured the woman. We
worked as one as we intertwined our bodies and kissed our guest. One moment the
tips of our tongues would touch as we tried to reach the same spot, the next
Alicia was laving and thrusting at her anus while I licked around her clitoris,
careful not to come too close.

We forgot our side by side positions and soon were climbing all over each other
as we eagerly worshiped this new pussy��reveling in it's tastes and smells.
Apparently our Mistress was pleased with our work��first I would feel Alicia's
tits rubbing against my bare back as she rapidly jabbed her pussy against my
bottom while kissing the clit under her tongue.

I shoved my butt back up against Alicia as I thrust deep into the asshole,
responding as I felt her climax along with our visitor. A few minutes later, I
was on top, vigorously rubbing my own big tits against Alicia and mashing my
erect clit against the small of her back as I arched my back to stimulate my
pussy against her. My body moved of it's own accord as I felt an orgasm build
deep inside��my awareness was only on the folds of the pussy in front of me and
the tiny nubbin poking out from her sheath.

I lost count of how many orgasms we gave her before she ordered us to stop our
ministrations. Both Alicia and I were winded as we lay there still tangled up
together, and we shameless looked at our Mistresses as they watched us and
commented on our bodies and performance.

Our rest was interrupted by a comment, "You know what would be fun? These two
were rubbing all over each other, but I don't think they really got off. I want
to watch them rolling around on the floor, pussy to mouth!"

Alicia and I didn't need any more prompting, first we started kissing, driving
our tongues deep in each other's mouths. We didn't waste any time in turning
around and burying our heads in each other's crotches. I remembered the first
time Alicia and I had made love as I felt her tongue wash over my labia lips,
tickle the skin between my pussy and anus, and run back up to circle around my
clitoral hood.

We twisted and rolled as we held and caressed each other's buttocks. I echoed
her moves as my own tongue probed deep into her furrows. The comments I heard,
no matter how embarrassing, just drove us on, as we made love on the floor
surrounded by Elizabeth and her three guests. Multiple orgasms racked our
bodies, and we continued to roll on the comfortable carpet, neither of us
willing to let go of the other's loins.

Ages later, we just lay, caressing each other and just enjoying our bodies as
the ladies returned to their conversion about work. They couldn't ignore us for
long, however, and one of them suggested a new torture. Back on your feet and to
your at attention pose was the command. Alicia was first, and I watched Mistress
buckle her into the frame, as I stood, still dripping cum.

I called it an ottoman just because I didn't know what else to call it. It was
a low wooden contraption with minimum padding. Alicia lay down on a hardwood
board running the length of it. Straps around her waist and under her arms held
her torso against the device, and let her breasts hang free. A padded cushion
held her head high, at the right height for eating pussy.

Her arms were bound behind her back by straps, or could optionally be bound
below her body. Her thighs were bend double under her belly and strapped tightly
in place. Each device had the same funnel as in the spa, each of which drained
into a reservoir underneath. She made use of it as soon as Elizabeth pushed it
up against her pussy.

I couldn't take my eyes off Alicia as Elizabeth bound me into the other rack.
Despite all of my recent exercise, I still wasn't as limber as Alicia and
Elizabeth had to make me get up and loosen my limbs before she could tie me in
the same tight ball as Alicia. Soon, however I was comfortably tied in, with my
tongue hanging out and ready for a pussy.

As we waited there tied down and ready for whatever, the ladies made themselves
a little more comfortable, removing their skirts to reveal garter belts and bare
cunts. I expected my mouth to be used again and looked forward to tasting
another new pussy, however they had other ideas first. I waited an eternity as
Mistress got the whips off the wall then teased us mercilessly.

I tested my bonds as Mistress kept one whip for herself and gave the other to
one of the ladies, Elizabeth had tied me securely, and all I could move was my
head and shoulders. I relieved myself, sending a torrent of pee into the funnel
as they continued teasing, reminding both of us that we were slaves with no
control over our own bodies, lives or destinies.

Alicia and I howled together when the first stings came down on our buttocks.
This was the first punishment Elizabeth had given either of us while bound and
the first with a whip. Not being able to react to pain except for moving my head
and making noise translated it into a dripping pussy quicker than when she
punished me while I was free to move.

What little piss was still in my bladder came out with each blow. I'd learned
very quickly to lose my inhibitions, and now it now longer mattered where I did
my business. The lashes continued, as Elizabeth varied them. Sometimes they
landed on my cheeks, other times across my back, and of course they stung my
pussy from time to time. The more blows landed, the hotter my body got, and as I
started to come, my awareness focused completely on Alicia climaxing even harder
across from me.

We only got to rest for a minute before two new pussies were thrust into our
faces. The lady who'd been whipping Alicia moved around and let Alicia start to
eat her out. Elizabeth took her place in punishing Alicia, and one of the
watching women started whipping me again while the last one allowed me to eat
her out. Being immobile and whipped only urged me on and made the taste of the
cunt in my mouth taste even better.

They continued to use us until we'd tasted juices from all four women. All of
them switched around and shoved each other aside��all three of them wanted to
sample both of our tongues. One of them was even able to ejaculate, and squirted
as much as I could swallow.

She was particularly vocal��as I concentrated on licking her pussy, she moaned
very loudly and kept caressing my hair as she stood with her legs wide so I
could get at her crotch. Eating her while tied down and unable to use my hands
was as powerful and submissive a feeling as being whipped.

I ate her tasty cunt as eagerly as any other. She had what I could only describe
as a ��full' pussy, with a long slit and very floppy inner lips that hung down
and constantly flapped against her outer lips and her thighs. I delighted in
licking up and down it as I burrowed into all of the folds of her lips. Tingles
went down my spine as I circled my tongue around her ass, then pushed it in, to
taste it.

I ran my tongue back up along her lips, then traced around her clitoris hood,
digging my tongue under the deep fold covering her clitoris. I moved back down
and thrust my tongue rapidly into her cunt, then moved back up to her clit. I
fluttered my tongue against her clit, then dug deep between her clit and the
hood, circling around and around her clitoris.

She started to shake as I teased her clit masterfully, her hands came down
around my head again mashing me against her clitoris harder. As her pelvis
jerked, her cum started to shoot out of her slit. I'd never experienced a woman
ejaculate before, and I glued my mouth over her clit, sucking as it came out. I
gulped and gulped, swallowing her liquid as fast as I could.

I kept my facial hold on her pussy as she jerked her hips, the come running out
of her starting to sputter and stop. I still gulped as long as the juice still
flowed, then washed around her cunt with my tongue. I licked everywhere I could
reach, cleaning all traces of her juices from her mound, her swollen lips, even
around her asshole and the crack of her ass.

Finally they pulled away from both of us and I saw what I must have looked like
mirrored in Alicia's face. She looked like a slut, her hair was wet and matted
against her hair, she panted from exhaustion, not really able to even pull her
tongue back in, and her face shone from licking four pussies, at least one of
them more than once. I knew I looked exactly the same, I could feel wetness all
over my face in places I couldn't reach with my tongue.

"I'm very pleased with my two slaves." Elizabeth told us as the four of them
sat back down on the sofa and chairs, leaving us still bound into the racks.
Both Alicia and I looked at them, beaming like puppies as they leaned back,
obviously enjoying just looking at us bound there in the den.

She got up to go upstairs for a minute, leaving the ladies with us in the den,
who continued to make themselves comfortable, loosening blouses and removing
jackets. I saw new sides to their personalities, gone were the businesslike
personas, replaced by tender women who kissed and caressed each other.

Elizabeth quickly came back downstairs with the bottle of oil, and stopped in
front of me, talking with me as she opened it.

"The four of us are going upstairs for the night," she said as she poured the
liquid into her hand.

She handed the bottle to one of the others, then began to massage it into my
arms, now starting to get sore. The lady took the bottle, and also poured some
into her hands. She went to Alicia, massaging it on her too, not only her arms,
but also her torso, buttocks, and legs, heavily massaging Alicia's joints.

"I'm afraid I can't let you up yet, you will stay here all night. It's sort
of a test you see. I will change the reservoir, and I will bring pans if you
need to empty your bowels," she said while rubbing all of my sore joints.

"Oh, and since you pleased my guests so well, we will play with you and allow
you to come before we fix you for the night."

This thought filled me with horror, but it quickly passed. I'd almost gotten
used to doing bodily functions under any condition, and I knew to accept any
situation without question. She finished her expert massage then pulled two
dildos that had not been there weeks before out of end table drawers.

The two women still on the sofa got up, one of them took a dildo from Mistress,
and the other stood in front of me. Elizabeth jabbed the dildo deep into my
cunt, pulling the funnel away first, without warning. It was extremely wet, of
course, and I sucked the humming device far into my pussy. The lady with the
other dildo went to Alicia, and I saw Alicia's neck stretch out, and a long
��ahhh' come out of her lips as the other dildo was drive home.

The lady in front of me came closer, in reach of my mouth, but made no attempt
to forcibly shove her pussy into my mouth. She stroked my body with her hands as
my Mistress jackhammered the dildo in and out of my pussy. As I started to jerk
within my bonds as my body started to come, she massaged my breasts and rolled
my nipples between her fingers. Both Alicia and I cried out together as they
worked us both until we'd come several times, then left us dazed and hanging in
our bonds.

She let us relieve ourselves as promised, wiping our bottoms with towelettes,
then changed the reservoirs, finally letting us eat our normal mush out of bowls
they held in front of our mouths. We were left in the dark, still bound of
course, to gaze at each other in the moonlight streaming in a window before we
finally fell asleep. Elizabeth took her guests upstairs for then night, and from
the faint cries I heard, more than sleeping went on.

Once I would never have been able to sleep tied like this, now however I slept
like a log, within twenty minutes of the ladies turning out the lights, I was
asleep. Sunlight coming in another window from the one that illuminated me with
moonlight woke me the next morning, sore, but feeling good. Elizabeth freed us,
and told us to fix breakfast after sending us outside to do our business.

The ladies came into the kitchen fully dressed and ready to go back to work. We
served them a full breakfast, scrambled eggs, sausage, southern grits, and
French toast along with coffee. More comments about our cooking skills made my
body swell with pride as the two of us stood there, nude and at attention
waiting for them to ask for anything else.

Elizabeth left for work with them, and was the last to leave as she closed the
kitchen door behind her. As had become her habit, she fondled both of our sexes
before she left.

The last thing she said before closing the door was, "Enjoy yourselves all you
want for the next few days, so long as you get all of your chores done. You may
take clothes from the bin, and use the car to go around town. We will spend this
weekend at Ms. Thomlinson's, and then leave for the island straight from her
estate."

At the same time, I dreaded that moment, and couldn't wait��I knew nothing
would ever be the same after this fateful trip. I knew I become a slave for real
as soon as my bare feet touched ground on that island.

Elizabeth kept her promise, and for the next two days, Alicia and I enjoyed each
other, both at home, nude as always, and with shorts and T-shirts on as we made
brief visits to town. As much as we wanted to go out in public, we'd rush back
as quickly as we could to strip off our clothes again.

On Friday, Elizabeth came home early from work with two briefcase sized travel
cases.

"Put your essential toiletries in these," she commanded, "You may only carry
what will fit in the case."

She left us to pack our meager belongings, and went upstairs to pack her own
more extensive bags. We carried our little packs down to the kitchen, and an
hour or so later, we helped her carry her own bags down. We placed them in the
trunk of a regal black sedan parked around back. As she closed and locked the
backdoor, she saw me look wistfully at the box of clothes.

"I'm afraid you won't be needing any of that for quite a while," was her only
comment as we walked to the car.

She opened the backdoor, and Alicia and I climbed in the back, behind tinted
windows fortunately. Elizabeth climbed in after us, and we saw a driver we'd
missed before��a tall butch woman with short hair. Elizabeth ordered us to kneel
on the floor in front of her, and we were off.

We rode far out into the country, finally coming to a lane that seemed
surrounded only by fields on either side. Elizabeth shocked both of us by
hitting the button to roll down both rear windows, and giving a command.

"Alicia, stick your head and breasts out of the right side, and Ann, lean out
the right window. It will please me to have anyone watching see my two pets
riding like happy puppies."

I figured ��What the Hell, soon lots of people will see me nude' and just lost
myself in the feel of the wind blowing my hair and not being quite able to catch
my breath. Fairly soon, though, we came to a gate in a tall stone fence, which
opened for the car. The driver slowed the car, and continued towards a very
large mansion.

Still leaning out the window, I realized Alicia and I would not be alone here,
scattered about the large mansion grounds were several nude slaves, all on their
hands and knees, tending to gardens. The limo stopped in front of the front
entranceway, and Mistress ordered us back into the car with slaps on our butts
so she could open the door.

"Remember, no matter if you belong to me or not, from here on out, you are just
two more slaves," was her last comment to us before ushering us out of the car.

Ms. Thomlinson met us on the steps of her mansion, along with her slim little
slavegirl Lisa, whom she commanded to take some of Elizabeth's bags upstairs to
guest quarters. She warmly greeted Elizabeth, hugging and kissing her.

Her only comment about Alicia or I was a command to Melinda, the driver and
apparently her right-hand girl, "Take our two new slaves to the slave quarters.
They will join the kitchen staff for tonight's formal dinner."

I reacted with new horror as I suddenly noticed an array of expensive sedan's
parked off to the side of the drive. My panic passed from my mind as Melinda
took Alicia and I, along with our meager belongings to the quarters at the back
of the mansion. As I walked, I realized anew that I had no choice, and knowing
my choices had been made removed the doubt and anxiety from me.

She led us to a utilitarian looking building behind the mansion, and gave us the
tour of where we'd be staying for the weekend. First on her list was where we
would be relieving our bladders and bowels��right there out in the open were a
row of funnel like toilets, with running water, wide enough for us to squat
over.

Very matter-of-factly, she commanded, "Please use them now. You will be serving
our guests tonight, and will not be allowed bathroom breaks."

You would think it would have been very awkward for us to kneel right there and
use the bathroom in the open, but both of us were becoming alarmingly used to
this radical lifestyle. Alicia and I knelt, looking both at each other and at
our surroundings, and simply let go, releasing our wastes right there.

I did blush when Melinda commented, "Hurry up, I haven't got all day."

When we finished, she showed us where we'd be sleeping, eating and spending
most of our free time, after storing our small travel cases. Taking us back
outside, she showed us the huge grounds surrounded by a high stone fence, which
we were free to roam. We could not leave the grounds of course, and the mansion
itself was off limits unless on duty or with a person.

I walked nervously as she walked us back to the front gate, no one could
approach without Corporation approval, but still I kept thinking someone would
see us. As we circled, she pointed the gardens tended by fellow slaves,
commenting that we must be very careful not to harm our benefactor's prized
roses.

Soon we were back in the rear of the mansion, where our tour guide showed us a
large swimming pool, commenting that we were make use of it as often as
possible, and stay outside a majority of the time.

"If you are not on duty, sleeping or eating, you should be outside somewhere,
rain or shine, unless it is too cold for good health."

I looked over the facilities in the pool area, my eyes falling on the women and
slaves in the area. Two slaves in black collars sunned themselves, their legs
spread wide to tan their thighs and sex. One more played in the pool with a lady
wearing a modest two piece suit. One in a silver collar knelt before another
woman, eating her out, the ladies bikini pushed aside.

She commented as we gazed around, "Ms. Thomlinson has 12 slaves here that take
the place of a normal mansion staff. Three are her personal property and act as
her assistants and sexual companions, the rest are corporate slaves and
typically serve as kitchen staff, simple grounds maintenance keepers,
housekeepers, etc. In addition a normal full-time cook oversees the kitchen
staff, a butleress monitors the household staff, and I look after everything
else."

She continued, "Orders from any one of three of us must be obeyed without
question, superseded only by Ms. Thomlinson's commands. Needless to say
punishment for disobedience here is quite severe, rivaled only by that on the
islands. As you heard, you will join the kitchen servants shortly then will
likely provide entertainment for our guests."

"Dinner will be served in two hours. You may sun and play in the pool for the
next hour, then I will wash and oil you and send you off to the kitchen."

We didn't need any encouragement to first swim and play in the pool, then lie
on the ledge sunning ourselves. I felt strange as I lay on the smooth concrete
with the warm setting sun beating down on my back. I was long used to lying
naked outside, but this seemed more public somehow. Before I'd sunbathed at
what used to be my home, or at the private spa with the other slaves, but this
was different.

My surroundings here were unknown��I was unfamiliar with the estate, and anyone
might walk out and see me lying naked at the pool. I felt out of control��here I
had no idea who might see me as the slave I now was. I was sure that soon
someone who'd known me as a person would be introduced to me, and it terrified
me that I would have to continue to act like a slave around that person. Several
times a new lady came out dressed in a bikini or one piece suit��each time I was
sure I'd die of embarrassment, each time embarrassment never came and I became
more aroused with each new woman.

Each lady sunning on the lounge chairs chatted with the naked slaves around
them, invariably ending with the slave kneeling and eating out a cunt. I found
myself talking with one of the new women, not as a naked slave to a clothed
master, but as simply two women talking. She was out here to relax before
dinner, and despite my initial awkwardness, I found it easy to talk to her.

It would have been easier if she'd simply commanded me to please her, her
questions about me and my past made me self-conscious as I lay there with my
belly on the concrete next to her reclining chair. I found myself wishing she
would command me to eat her, but she refused, instead asking me how many people
I'd known before had seen me.

She explained she'd introduced her new slave, a submissive friend of hers, to
all of their friends before taking her to the island. Her slave was currently
serving on the island, she'd had to come back for a meeting, and had been
unable to bring her slave. She made the idea of being introduced to past friends
seem normal and expected, not humiliating like I thought it would be. She hoped
the idea of nude slaves would spread to other countries.

I'd not met any of our friends from the sorority, this was going fast, and I
guessed Elizabeth hadn't had time. I was sure I would meet some of them this
weekend, or on the island. The more I thought about it the more exciting the
idea became��Elizabeth had used my mouth to service many of her friends in
college, and I found myself looking forward to reunions as my pussy warmed.

Soon, I was asking for permission to eat my new friend. She'd purposely danced
around asking me to eat her, despite numerous sounds of sex around us, and I'd
grown impatient. She just smiled and opened her legs wider. I got up off the
concrete and bent down to push aside her bottoms and kiss her delectable pussy
of my own free will.

I enjoy eating any pussy, some more than others, but this was especially
pleasing. I can't describe how being forced turns me on, but being given a
choice from time to time makes it even better. My tongue came out as I bent
over, and I familiarized myself with her taste. I washed down her outer lips
down to her perineum, pulling the strings of her bottoms with my fingers as I
licked.

I pulled the piece of cloth out of my way as I teased the little patch of skin,
and then worked my way back up, tracing her inner lips with the tip of my
tongue. My tongue made it's way up and down her slit several times, tracing the
lines of her lips, and dipping gentling into her depths. I used my tongue to
taste her sex, sometimes using the tip, the sides and the flat of my tongue to
catch all the nuances for her flavor.

Satisfied with tasting, I turned my attention to bringing her off. I fluttered
my tongue around and against her clit as I'd learned to do so well. Quickly I
dipped down, and forcefully dug my tongue into her sex, scooping out and
swallowing her juice with every motion. As she gasped and shook, I moved back to
her clit, shaking my head from side to side as I loved her clit. She started to
come and I cupped her buttocks, pulling her to me, acting as if I was eating
soup with my mouth from the finest bowl.

My keeper was suddenly behind me as I rested on my haunches, pleased with my
efforts as I watched my new friend twitch and moan from her fading orgasm. She
escorted Alicia and I back to the slave area, then instructed us to reach up and
grab a bar I'd missed before. It was a simple iron pipe coming up out of the
concrete similar to that school kids use for pull-ups. Alicia and I hung there
by our hands, standing on tiptoes, our bellies taunt and mounds prominent as we
waited to be washed.

Melinda wetted us down with cool water from an ordinary hose��no warm water for
a slave. Fortunately, the air was still warm from the afternoon sun, and we were
hotter still from our recent play. I moaned as she sprayed me, closed my eyes as
it hit my face and hair, and spread my legs wider when she aimed for my dripping
pussy. The simple pleasure of washing my own body was being taken from me, and I
had to fight my arousal as I realized I would likely be washed often in the
future.

Letting go of the nozzle, and dropping the hose, Melinda rubbed a bar of soap
across a rough pad and proceeded to scrub me down. She treated me like an
animal, rubbing suds from the pad all over my body, getting every crevice. I
watched as she did the same to Alicia��if anything Alicia's trim body was more
beautiful stretched from the bar. As she'd done to me, Melinda got every inch,
running the pad through Alicia's pussy, and parting her cheeks to wash her
crack.

Leaving us to drip suds, Melinda retrieved a bottle of shampoo and proceeded to
wash our wet hair in turn, letting us drop from the bar as she bent us over to
soap up our heads. With the hose, she rinsed our hair then had us grab the bar
again. In turn she rinsed our bodies as we hung, stretched taunt on our toes. As
we dripped, she put away the hose, and picked another one attached to a funny
colored facet.

She explained as she rinsed us again, concentrating her spray on our underarms,
legs, and smooth crotches, "You will find facets like these on the islands.
Normally someone will always wash you, but if you ever wash yourselves, be
careful. The water contains a new hair growth-inhibiting agent, not enough to
remove existing hair, but it will keep hair from growing in. Still you don't
want to get it on your hair."

She took us back inside and blow-dried our hair, not letting us help of course.
She rubbed a conditioning agent into my hair, and tied it back into a ponytail,
then did the same thing to Alicia. Next she oiled us down as we'd done to
ourselves for Elizabeth's dinner. After getting us ready, and I use that term
loosely, shining after our grooming session, I never felt more naked, she
inspected us, buffing our mounds, pulling our lips further down, making them
more prominent, and made sure our collars were perfectly even.

Finally, she sprayed a bit of perfume over us, squirting it on our sexes, on our
bellies, and on our necks. A last bit of pale rouge on our cheeks and nipples,
and she sent us towards the kitchen, pointing out the door we were to use.

We walked, unescorted past the pool to the rear entrance leading into the
kitchen. No one had to tell me slaves weren't to use the main entrance. The
kitchen was a bustle of activity with naked slaves scurrying all over with one
stern clothed lady tending several pots and shouting orders. We only stood there
looking lost for a few minutes before we were noticed.

"Alright, you were supposed to be here ten minutes ago!" she chastised us before
splitting us up, sending me off with one slave, and Alicia with another.

The slave guiding me gave me the tour as I tried to keep up with her as she
retrieved items from several large pantries and a dark cellar. She cautioned me
to learn quickly as she pointed out various features in the kitchen, a BBQ pit
set in a small adjoining room, and a small bar area for guest in the pool area.

Several more trips, and Alicia and I knew the kitchen well enough to retrieve
items on our own. My guide was put to work chopping onions, and we returned to
standing at attention while waiting orders for new ingredients. I had time to
watch the proceeding before I was sent on another errand.

The cook did most of the real cooking, hovering over burners on two stoves and
an oven. Slaves did most of the chopping and preparation, except for some key
items the cook did herself. Slaves of course washed dirty bowls, and one slave
in a gold collar even did some cooking and pulled dishes from the oven for the
cook.

I'd been told slaves with gold collars were valuable property and had almost
the status of low level employees, just with the restrictions of being owned and
the limitations and rights of a slave. Otherwise they were prized and saved for
special tasks and for the use of important employees. I assumed this one was
favored by our hostess and had obviously been trained previously as a gourmet
cook, not to mention was in very good shape.

Her breasts were firm and high, with large areolae around pointy nipples. Her
buttocks were likewise firm and muscular, and her legs and arms were equally
firm. Her belly was very cute, flat at her mound and poking out beautifully at
her belly button. As with all of us, her mons and sex were smooth, unlike some
of us her slit was a straight line with only a hint of inner lips peeking out.

I only had a few minutes to dwell on any of this before I was sent off to find
my way to a pantry to bring back an important ingredient the cook had forgotten.
I guessed we were thirty minutes away from serving time and the closer the time
came, the busier the kitchen became. Alicia and I were sent scurrying all over
along with another slave while the rest helped finish preparations and made sure
the dinning room was ready.

Before I realized it, Alicia and I were standing together on one side of the
dinning room door while two other slaves stood on the opposite side, all four of
us waiting for our hostess and guests to come in for dinner. We were instructed
on the general protocols for dinner, chief among them for each of us to seat a
guest in turn, and to return to the kitchen for new dishes whenever a bell rang.
Suddenly I had time to be nervous and the seconds ticked slowly as I waited.

Seemingly hours later, probably in all actuality mere minutes, the first guest
came through the door, and the first slave standing on the other side moved to
escort her to her seat. Her companion moved into action when the next guest came
through, followed by Alicia for the next one, and finally me for the fourth
guest. By the time I was walking towards the latest guest, the first slave was
already resuming her pose. I meet my guest as she walked towards the next chair,
and motioned for her to sit then helped her move her chair towards the table.

I was able to stand at attention for a few minutes after seating my guest��most
of the guests trickled in and two or more of us stood waiting while the
remainder seating guests. Several times though, multiple guests came in together
and all four of us were at work seating guests. Mostly they came in singly or
only several at a time, and one or two of us stood at attention while the others
seating the incoming guests.

Once however, a group of six of the fourteen guests came in at once, and we had
to rush to seat them all. I quickly walked to meet the next in line, my head
bowed in deference, keenly aware of my labia lips forming and reforming against
my thighs as I walked, and got a huge surprise when I looked up at the guest I
was to seat.

"Hello Ann," she said, "I knew you'd make a good slave." I clutched my lower
lips together, as my buttocks clenched together with my horror.

I was speechless as I sat her. She had belonged to my Sorority chapter of
course, and knew both Elizabeth and me. She didn't know me directly and I
hadn't been with her or this might have been easier.

"I've heard about your from Ms. Howell, "she said as she sat down, "You made
the right choice in becoming property. You will never wear clothing on the
island, and you will love it. Your body looks incredible now, it would be a
shame to cover it up."

I had no time to be embarrassed or shook up by her comments. I was sure I would
find myself between her legs, but was too busy to think about it. Knowing that
all choice had already been taken away made it easier too, and I returned to my
place at the door. I'd lost count of the number of guests, and Elizabeth
finally came in, one of the last two.

Unfortunately, I wouldn't get to seat anyone else, after these last two, only
our hostess was missing. I'd hoped to seat my owner, but I was at the end of
the line and would not be called again until time to serve the first course.

Finally Ms. Thomlinson arrived, accompanied by her slave girl Lisa, and the gold
slave I'd seen in the kitchen. Alicia had the honor of seating her at the
opposite end of the table and handled herself quite well despite her
nervousness, shivering and spreading her legs politely when our hostess fingered
Alicia's cunt after being seated.

Alicia's quiet, "Thank you, Mistress" drew smiles from almost all the guests.

Alicia returned to my side, her bare feet padding softly across the carpeted
floor, while our hostess's two slaves politely stood behind her. Ms. Thomlinson
picked a gold bell on the table before her and rang it to signal the first
course.

The next hour was hectic as all four of us served the five courses and attended
to any special needs of the diners. We rushed back and forth with endless
platters of food, meticulously prepared by the cook for each guest. I was
exhausted by the end of the meal, it seemed each guest had some special
request��an extra spice mixture for their food, an extra helping of their
favorite dish, drink refills, I think they asked for everything just to see how
we reacted.

Of course, I got the occasional request to crawl under the table to service a
pussy, and had to carefully decline each offer. I wouldn't have minded��I was
getting used to being used by anyone at anytime very quickly, but we were under
very strict orders not to dally until dinner was over. I blushed as I answered
each proposition with "I'll be glad to lick your pussy later."

They really didn't need me to service them under the table anyway��they just
wanted to try out a different tongue. Each of the guests had their chance to
sigh and moan during the meal. Our hostess had sent her little slave girl Lisa
and the gold slave under the table after making them stand at display during the
first two courses. As I hurried around the table, I saw glimpses of their naked
buttocks, perky slits, and winking assholes as their heads bobbed between a
guest's thighs.

Desert was served in the mansion's sitting room as usual along with plenty of
drinks. Since I'm sure you're wondering by now, the mansion's entire stable
of slaves along with Alicia and I were made available for the use of anyone that
evening. Most of the slaves were just send to visit guests but Alicia, some of
the other favorite slaves, and I had to pose in the sitting room. Standing at
attention for inspection in front of all the guests and enduring questions about
my past was far worse than being used as a sexual toy.

Even worse than that was all that was listening to the ladies discuss what the
four of us should do as their evening entertainment. As I suspected, we were to
perform in front of the crowded group of ladies. There were catcalls of "I want
to see the mother and daughter fuck each other!" but they were overridden and I
was paired with one of the slaves and Alicia with the other.

Slave Lisa produced two strap-on dildos, one for me and one for the slave with
Alicia. I watched Alicia as Lisa strapped the dildo around my waist, anchoring
the end into my wet slave cunt. She chose to lay on the floor on her belly, arms
folded under her head to raise her body slightly and display her high breasts
peeking out from under her. My own pussy began to leak more as I gazed at those
pert tits while she arched and flexed her pelvis, ready to be fucked.

Lisa finished preparing me, the straps around my waist and up my crack felt
strange as I lowered myself towards my partner��it felt so awkward now to have
anything on my body. She waited on her back, legs spread wide to reveal a very
sun-tanned cunt that made the pink of her insides even more prominent. I rested
my full weight against her, enjoying the feel of my breasts and belly against
hers as I fished my hand down to roughly guide my cock into her.

Alicia moaned and stretched as her partner sunk the dildo deep into her yielding
cunt. The slave rested her body atop Alicia, kissing and caressing her as she
fucked my daughter from behind. My slutty Alicia put on a show for the watching
guests, flexing and pushing her naked body against her partner, crying out like
an animal for the transfixed voyeurs.

Both Alicia and I felt thrills shoot down our spines from as we looked up at the
ladies watching us. Knowing we were fucking for an audience made the pleasure of
the act pale in comparison. Our effect on the ladies was obvious�� they had
slipped off their panties by now, and most had fingers buried in their pussies,
moaning as they watched.

A few lucky ones had a tongue instead of fingers to please themselves. Slave
Lisa knelt between her owner's legs, her tongue moving up and down on Ms.
Thomlinson's regal pussy. Our hostess caressed her slave's hair while
commenting on our performances. Her remarks made me hold my head high and pump
with new vigor.

Her gold slave, apparently not Ms. Thomlinson's favorite despite being a gold
slave, knelt eating out one of the guests��one of her most promising employees.
Another of her silver slaves knelt in front of my owner, on her way around the
room. The more I watched the three slaves pleasing guests, the hotter and more
frenzied I became.

I fucked and kissed my partner until she jerked against me, her come flowing and
squishing against my dildo. I heard Alicia cry out in ecstasy as my lover pulled
my dildo off me and we fell into a sixty-nine position. I pushed my own cunt
hard into her face, desperate to come myself and so aroused I couldn't stand
it.

I came so hard I was shaking, my mind clouded from my climaxes. We couldn't
stop even if we'd been sprayed with a hose, and the four of us sort of rolled
together. I found myself eating my own daughter's pussy as the four of us made
love, and someone ate me out. I didn't even know who it was, we were tied up in
a ball, and the tongue drove me into another orgasm and made me lick harder. I
lost track of time, but seemingly hours later we collapsed all satisfied from
multiple orgasms.

I lay there slipping in and out of consciousness as I heard guests get up to
head to their rooms, some of them leading a slave behind them. Elizabeth took
Alicia and I up to her room to spend the night curled up on her floor. She
cautioned us that we'd likely spend our time sleeping in the slave quarters for
the weekend, but for tonight she wanted us with her.

I fell asleep wondering what I had to look forward to for the rest of the
weekend and my impending life as a slave on the island. I was awoken the next
morning and washed roughly outside, then put to work as part of the household
staff, cleaning like I'd used to do at home, just perpetually nude now. We were
allowed to spend the afternoon sunning, exercising and playing at the pool. Both
of us were acquired sleek allover tans, but I was sure that soon I'd be even
darker.

As I lay naked in the burning sun looking forward to the airplane ride Elizabeth
had promised to the Island, I wasn't really sure if this was real, or if I was
still on the floor in Elizabeth's room still dreaming. One thing I knew for
sure, I was constantly aroused and despite the madding feeling from being denied
orgasm, I didn't want anything more.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  scifitales


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





