BDSM Library - Babysitter Bound




Babysitter Bound
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When a college student goes baby sitting unexpectedly, unexpected things happen ...
Babysitter Bound
by thuggee

Contact me via thuggee@eudoramail.com

This work is copyrighted to the author 2001. Please do not remove the author
information or make any changes to this story. You may post freely to
non-commercial "free" sites, or in the "free" area of commercial sites. You
cannot charge for or sell this work without the written permission of the
author.

If your state or country happens to disapprove of pornography, change the
government or stop reading. If your state or country tells you that you��re too
young to read this, stop reading immediately and go to bed for a bit of
consoling self pleasuring.




Babysitter Bound
by thuggee

This happened some time ago, and I haven't ever told anybody because it was so
embarrassing. I didn't think I was that innocent - I mean I was twenty at the
time, and I'd been around the block a few times. I knew what to do, and I'd done
it a few times with a couple of guys that I didn't mind. I wasn't loose, but I
wasn't slow either.

That's what still gets to me - that I let it happen, and then I couldn't stop
it, and I guess at the end of it I was just glad it wasn't worse.

You've got to come back with me about to a time three years ago. It was summer
and it was hot. In January in my home town, everything shuts down (yep, this is
a southern hemisphere story). The next door neighbours had arranged to go away
for the long weekend, some sort of attempt to patch up or freshen up the
marriage, my mother said, and the babysitter they'd booked dropped out on them.

Lucky for them I was hanging around waiting for college to start up again, so
when Natalie started to moan to my mother about how she and Ed were going to
miss out on their holiday, my mother cheerfully volunteered my services.

First mistake. I never did babysitting, anytime anywhere �C looking after brats
wasn��t my idea of fun - and I wasn't happy about starting up this late in my
life. I didn't need the money. I made enough on the side doing a little
programming in the breaks. My mother said I could still work on the portable -
she'd spring for some videos and pizzas and that'd keep the brats happy.

I say brats for a reason. I mean Julie was alright - she was twelve, about ready
to start high school, and she was bright. It was Matthew who was the pain -
fifteen, going on sixteen, a real nerd. I'd caught him the week before, peeking
at me through the fence when I was sunbaking, and when I snuck up and leaned
over the fence, he went bright red and ran back inside like a snake had bit him. 
I mean, he was bringing himself off right out in the open. After that whenever
he saw me he went a little red and ducked inside. It didn't worry me - if I saw
him coming, I'd tease him a little and get him flustered. But for the last year
I'd been at college and I hadn't seen much of him at all.

So when I went over on the Friday night, we'd already had a bit of a history,
and I was surprised to see how much more confident he'd become. He was almost
nice, and we got along fine. He didn��t see why he was being babysat �C he
thought he could take charge of his little sister, and himself, and  I flattered
him by saying I agreed, but  it kept everybody happy. I guess what his parents
didn��t tell me is that they were more afraid of him, and his ways, than the
cost of getting me in as supervisor.

 It didn't take long for Natalie and Ed to hit the road - they were almost out
the door the second I arrived. A little later, my mother turned up with the
videos and the pizza, and we all sat down for the feast. Mattie gave his sister
an extra slice and was generally nice as pie. We negotiated a late bed time - so
they could see the two videos - and my mother went back home.

Once he heard the front door slam shut, Mattie seemed to lose interest in the
video for a second or two. He said he had to go do something, and I told him to
be quick or he'd lose the chance to see the second video.

I didn't know what he was up to - I was sitting at the table with my portable,
locked away in my head, searching for a bug that wouldn't go away and wouldn't
come out to play.

When Mattie came back in, he started up the video, and settled back down. I
didn't pay too much attention, and that was the second and biggest mistake. The
way they had the dining table set up, my back was to the television. The chairs
were made of wood, kind of highback, with arms either side. I was sitting with
my elbows resting on the arms. I say this, because since I've been reading
things on the net, a lot of people try to explain how they were sitting watching
a video and saw a tie up scene, or they fell for a challenge that they couldn't
get out of the ropes, or .... I mean hello, durr brain. That's not the way it
went down here, not that way at all.

Mattie started to muck around with Julie, and I turned and snapped at him,
telling him to stop. He settled back down, and I drifted off inside the
computer.

The next thing I noticed was Julie standing next to me. As I turned to look at
her, Mattie snuck around the other side and quickly wrapped some duct tape
around my arm, near the elbow. A few quick turns and he had my arm strapped to
the chair. I tried to grab the tape with my other hand, but Julie held it and
twisted it back behind the chair. I heard, then felt the clink of metal, as a
cuff went around my wrist, then another click as Mattie locked the other cuff to
the bottom rung of the back of the chair. Quickly he wrapped more pieces of tape
around my other arm, so it was completely strapped to the arm. Then he and Julie
stood back to look at their handiwork. I was twisted around, one arm dragged
behind me, the other fixed to the chair. I could move about, flex around, but I
couldn't get my arms free.

Julie skipped around and did a little dance. She was pleased as punch, and I was
more startled and irritated than anything else. Then I noticed Mattie standing
there, red faced and puffing and I knew that this wasn't good. I told him to let
me go, at once. Just like a schoolteacher. He said he wouldn't - they were
playing humans and aliens, and I was an alien who'd just been caught, and now I
had to be tortured. That was his excuse - he'd been watching some interstellar
sci fi crap that featured an alien invasion of earth. I started to wriggle at
that, but couldn't get my hands free. I wobbled about so much the chair started
to fall over, and Mattie had to catch it. I tried to kick out at him, but my
legs were under the table and I couldn't reach out to him at the side.

He didn't seem to mind. He told Julie they had to move on to the next part of
the plan. I wasn't happy and I told him so - when his mother got him, he'd be in
it up to his neck. He shrugged - aliens didn't scare him. He started running
rope around my cuffed arm, across the back of the chair, and around my other arm
above the elbow, so that basically my upper body was locked to the chair. Then
they both got down and grabbed my right leg, and tied it to the underside of the
chair, followed by my left one. I didn't kick much - there didn't seem to be any
point, because Mattie was getting me so tightly trussed I thought I'd have to
negotiate my way out of trouble.

Next thing, he put ropes around my chest and my stomach, wrapping them around
and around, so that I was in the middle of a web fixing me to the chair. It
wasn't scientific, but it was effective. By the time he'd finished I could
barely move.

Then he started to unwrap the arm he��d first bound with tape to the arm of the
chair. But it didn't do me much good by the time it was free, because every inch
of my arm above the elbow couldn't move. It was simple for him and Julie to join
together and drag it behind the chair. I felt one cuff click on my wrist - and
the other cuff click on my other wrist. The little creep had two sets of
handcuffs and now he had me cuffed with my arms behind the chair.

That's when I began to think seriously about my situation - here I was in a
blouse and short pants - remember it was summer - and in this part of the world
you didn't put much on unless you wanted to sweat like a horse. And here was
this grinning, smirking sixteen year old looking at me as if he'd just won the
lottery. I started to talk to him, trying a different tack - trying to be
reasonable, to explain things to him. He looked at me calmly, and said aliens
weren't allowed to talk. I kept on, saying it was okay, the game was okay, but
now it was over. If they just went to bed, I'd forget everything, I wouldn't
tell his mother, we'd be just fine.

Instead he came around behind me while Julie pinched my nostrils closed. I tried
to shake my head free, but I couldn't make her let go. I had to open my mouth to
breathe and Mattie forced a round ball into my mouth. He and Julie held it there
while I could feel a buckle being done up at the back of my neck. A few tugs and
the ball was firmly in my mouth. It didn't work very well as a gag - I could
still make plenty of noise - but I couldn't say anything that made sense - just
mumbles and mutters and urghs. The little creep had taken away my voice so I
couldn't argue with him or threaten or cajole him. From the few brief glimpses I
had of it, I thought he��d made it up himself out of some kind of small black
rubber ball �C like the kind we use to play squash (racquets to some of you).

That's how things stood for a moment - me sitting gagged and cuffed and roped in
the chair. Julie looked at me and seemed pretty pleased, but then lost interest
and drifted back to the television to finish off the movie. She asked Mattie if
she could have the chocolate now, and he said yes, and then she said she wanted
to stay up, and he said sure, provided you get permission from the babysitter,
asking me if it was okay and making me nod my head. He put on a high pitched
voice, saying sure thing Julie you can do anything you like for as long as you
like, it's okay by me, as he made me nod my head over and over. I mean, it was
humiliating, he was enjoying himself and I sure as hell wasn��t. Julie giggled
and went to the fridge in search of chocolate - something her parents didn't
allow because it got her hyped up and kept her awake.

Mattie wasn't so easily distracted. He just stood there looking at me, and
that's when I caught a glimpse of his shorts and what seemed a bulge below and
to the left of his pocket. Mattie obviously had other reasons to be interested
in what was happening. He blushed a little, but only a little, before heading
off up the stairs, leaving me sitting there, growing more and more uncomfortable
- my arms were stretched, and the rope was starting to cut into various bits of
my body.

When Mattie came back, he told Julie it was time to move on to stage two. Julie
wasn't much interested by this time - the novelty had gone, she was doing what
she wanted - but Mattie told her she had to help . So she came over to me, and
the pair of them set to work. Mattie started to strip all the rope that was
holding me to the chair, leaving my feet roped to the legs and my hands cuffed
behind me. Then he and Julie made me stand up - dragging my body up, so that my
hands slid up and over the back of the chair and off, coming to rest against my
back. It didn't improve my situation much - my feet were still tied, and my arms
were feeling numb.

I'll say one thing for Mattie - the little creep must have joined the Scouts or
done some other course, because the next thing he did made me realize he was
serious and he'd thought about this for a long time - too long for my liking. I
wished the other baby sitter hadn't ducked out, and then I began to think maybe
she knew more than I did.

First he began to make the handcuffs redundant. He slid in behind me, and sat on
the chair, and while Julie held me, he wrapped ropes around my wrists, cinching
them so that the ropes were pulled together tightly. Then he shifted higher, and
started to wrap rope around my arms just above the elbows so they were drawn
together tightly. I'd never heard or seen this done before - it was painful and
it was effective. It took away all my mobility. Now since I��ve started to read
about this sort of thing, I��ve heard some people are flexible enough that
they��re elbows can be made to touch. I��m not that flexible, but by the time
he��d finished, it felt like they were pulled back as far as they could stretch.
There was probably only three or four inches of space between them. Just to make
sure, he wrapped another rope around my elbows and my chest, locking them to my
back, and followed it up with another rope above my wrists that wrapped around
my stomach. My hands and arms simply couldn't move. Quickly he wrapped a kind of
hobble around my ankles - it left me with just enough room to take short steps,
then he took off the ropes around my feet and I could step away from the chair.
But that's about all I could do. The hobble kept me from taking big steps, or
I'd fall on my face - with no hands to break my fall.

Mattie thanked Julie, said it was okay now, she could go back to the
televisions. Julie ignored my grunts - she thought it was all kind of boring
now, too much like hard work. That left me and Mattie, and Mattie had plans. Now
that his sister had disappeared, it became clear what kind of plans they were.
He stood and stared at me hard, and I realized that he was looking right at my
breasts. They were sticking out �C the more he��d dragged my elbows back, the
more my shoulders had been pulled back, and the more my breasts stuck out. Now
I��m not big �C a little bit bigger now than I was then �C but my breasts are
firm and rounded. At least that��s what the guys who get to grope them say. My
nipples were hard against my blouse, and Mattie��s eyes were popping. I could
see that he was thinking about catching a feel, and I glared at him, shaking my
head �C and my breasts. Maybe the glaring and the shaking wasn��t such a good
idea. He sprung into action.

He looped a dog collar around my neck and a leash, and none too gently, he began
to tug me towards the stairs. I resisted as best I could, but I couldn't do much
or I'd fall over. So I had to follow him. Step by step, he made me slowly climb
up the stairs, and then he dragged me along the hallway into his parents'
bedroom. When I saw where we were heading, I shook my head and tried to stand my
ground. He just tugged harder, and I almost fell. Finally I gave in and allowed
him to tug me over to the bed. He gave a little push from behind and I toppled
onto the bed. This was getting worse and worse. The little creep moved around
the other side and began to drag me across so that I was lying fully on the bed.
It was a bit of a struggle - I mean I'm not heavy, but he was fairly light and
didn't have much in the way of muscle and I wasn't there to help him. Still,
with a fair amount of shoving and tugging and pulling and pushing, he managed to
get me lying on my stomach near the middle of the bed.  He rested then, and
began to ferret through his parents' wardrobe. He emerged with a digital camera,
and began to take snaps of me lying on the bed. There was nothing I could do
except glare at him and mumble into the ball in my mouth. He seemed to like
that, so I stopped and just lay there.

After he'd taken the first set of pictures, he got onto the bed and straddled my
legs. I could feel him tying them together. Then he got off my feet and I could
feel him bending them at the knees, pushing them up to my hands. He drew a rope
between my wrists and my ankles, and I lay there in a pretty tight hogtie. Now
this was something else I didn't know about at the time - I just knew it was
painful and put me under a lot of pressure. And it also meant I couldn't move
much at all.

Mattie came around the other side and I saw again that bulge in his pants. But
that was about all I saw because the next thing I knew he was bringing out one
of those bags you get flying international and out of the bag he was brining a
sleeping mask, and though I shook my head around a little he soon had the mask
over my eyes, with a strip of masking tape around my head to hold it in place. I
couldn't see a thing, it was completely dark, except for a little rim of light
sneaking in around my nose.

I heard Julie come into the room, and heard her laugh. She asked Mattie if it
was time, and he said it was. I felt her climb onto the bed in front of me, and
then I felt her hands undoing my blouse. That set off another round of
struggling, but I was stiff and numb and tired and I couldn't stop her. One by
one the buttons came undone, and I could feel the warm air flowing around my
chest. Julie tugged at the blouse, and worked it away from my breasts under the
ropes, so it was bunched up either side. Then she reached around behind my back
and undid my bra. My breasts were out in the open, and so were my erect nipples.

Mattie gave a little gasp - it was audible - as if he'd found a treasure chest
in Aladdin's cave. I know it's a bad pun, but it sounded just like that. Julie
was also impressed - she said they were big, as big as mum's. Mattie asked her
how she knew, and she said she'd seen them in the shower, and she knew. Then she
asked Mattie why he was taking pictures. He said so the alien couldn't make a
fuss - if she did, he'd show the pictures to everybody. He asked Julie to pull
the bra away completely, and I could hear them silently go about the business of
taking pictures of me from every angle, or until the digital storage ran out.

Eventually Julie said she was bored, she was going back to finish the video.
Mattie said okay and when she was out of the room, he slid onto the bed where
she'd been, and I knew I was in trouble. At first he was obviously just looking
at my breasts, but then I felt a finger on my nipple, a finger that traced its
way all around my breast. When lightning didn't strike him dead, Mattie got
bolder. He squeezed my nipple, at first gently, then harder, making me squirm,
saying while he did it, that the alien had to be punished, the alien was bad. He
was squeezing and pinching my nipple so hard that the blood rushed to it, and it
grew as big as it could. Then he started squeezing and mashing my breasts as I
lay there helpless, trying to roll away from his touch, but held by the breasts.
I don��t know how long he carried on like this, but he gave my breasts a good
work out.

Fnally just as I thought he was running out of strength or interest, I felt his
mouth wrap around the nipple that was away from the bed, and he began kissing
and sucking it. I think that must have been when he came in his pants, because
he hastily stopped and backed off the bed and I heard him heading down to the
bathroom.

Good I thought, at least the little jerk has taken care of business, and I
should be able to get out of this and get a good night's sleep, but not before I
give him a good thrashing and lock his bedroom door and throw away the key. I
should have known better with a young boy - it doesn't take much to keep them in
a state of testosterone excitement any time, and having a semi naked babysitter
in the bedroom wasn't your everyday thing.

He came back in, and I could feel him fiddling around with something. I wasn't
sure what was happening, and then I could feel the hogtie coming off and my legs
flopping back down on the bed. It was the next best thing to Christmas and the
worst as well - my legs stretched out, but the blood rushed back and the mix of
numbness and movement made me cramp.  It meant I didn't have the energy or the
ability to kick out at Mattie - I just lay there, stretching out, feeling him
hooking a rope around my left leg, and another on my right leg, and wondering
what the hell he was up to this time.

The answer came quickly enough. He'd tied the left rope to the side of the bed,
fixing it into position, but left the other rope untied. Then he undid the ropes
at my ankles. And as I lay there trying to kick at him, he quickly slid down my
shorts and my panties. It was a struggle, but he was careful to stay on the side
of the leg he'd tied down, and I couldn't reach him. He eventually got the pants
right down to the rope, and the more I kicked the more I could feel that I was
exposing myself. By the time he'd got the shorts down over my knees, I just
concentrated on keeping my legs together. But even that didn't work. He slid the
shorts and panties off the free leg, and then I felt my free leg being pulled
over to the other side of the bed, stretching me apart.

It must have taken a bit of effort on Mattie's part - I suspect he had the rope
wrapped around the corner pole of the bed, so it acted a bit like a winch.
However he did it, I could feel myself being slowly and surely pulled apart. By
the time he tied off the rope, my legs were wide apart and I was exposed
everywhere - I could feel my backside sitting in the air, and my lips  felt like
they'd been pulled apart, so that everything was on view.

When he tied off my right leg, Mattie went back to the other leg and tied
another rope about it, a bit higher than the other one and above the shorts and
panties. He did the same thing, only this time he couldn't stretch me much
further before he tied it off against the corner of the bed. Then he took off
the first rope, and my shorts and panties came off my leg. He'd taken them off
without me being able to do a thing to stop him. If I hadn't already been sure
of it, I think that was then I realized he'd been planning this for a long time,
and he'd thought through every step to make sure whoever he was doing it to
would be helpless all the way.

I heard him go out of the bedroom, closing the door behind him, then distantly I
heard him say to Julie it was time to go to bed. She protested a little, and
asked about me, but he insisted, said I was fine for the night, and that she had
to go to sleep now, because they had to get up early in the morning. I heard her
go into the bathroom and start cleaning her teeth, and then I didn't hear her
any more.

Instead I heard the bedroom door open, and Mattie come back in. He couldn't
resist one last look, or maybe one last set of pictures, because through the
blindfold I could sense one flash after another going off, with my bottom half
split wide open. I'd never felt so helpless or so out of control, and all this
at the hands of a little deviate who knew how to tie ropes.

I could feel him getting on the bed, clambering over my leg and kneeling between
them so he could get a good close up view. I could hear him breathing hard -
almost as if he was brining himself off - he obviously couldn't believe he'd
lucked in like this. And after what he'd done to my breasts I expected the
worst.

Sure enough, I could feel him sidling down between my legs, and I could feel his
breath on my lips as he took an extreme close up look. I knew once the looking
stopped, the touching would start. At first he was really tentative, because
this was clearly way out of his experience. He just touched me a little, then
pulled the lips apart, and still couldn't see much, so he let them slide back.

As I explained, I wasn't a virgin then, but I hadn't done much either, so I was
still fairly tight and closed down there. My last lover had said I had a tight
little cunt, which was one of the reasons I dumped him - after I told him he had
a tight little cock.  Whatever, clearly Mattie wasn't sure what to do, or so I
thought. Every time I thought I knew what the little creep was up to, he second
guessed me. Before I knew what was happening, I could feel this greased up
little finger sliding all the way into my cunt, as way deep as it would go, and
then another finger, so that two of them were pushing my flesh apart, sliding
into me deeply, so deeply I thought he might hit my cervix. The little creep had
obviously had access to some ky jelly in the medicine cupboard.

I wriggled furiously and grunted and moaned, but I couldn't really move, and
when I did it just seemed to get Mattie even more excited. He pushed and
prodded, almost like a doctor doing a clinical examination, and as he went
along, the bolder he got, pulling my lips apart and rubbing on my clit while I
moaned and grunted for him to stop. Eventually he did, but not before he'd felt
me all over and not because I��d tried to make my feelings clear. He slid off
the bed, and I almost sighed with relief. It was short lived. I heard him go
over to one of the built in wardrobes, then he bounced back onto the bed between
my legs and I felt something firm, almost hard slide into me. Before I could
work out what it was, I saw more flashes of light go off, spilling beneath my
blindfold. The little creep was adding to his file.

Then he was back on top of me, and the hard thing had begun to vibrate - the
little pervert had somehow got hold of a vibrator. I cursed his mother, and
writhed on the bed as he cranked it up to full volume. I think he had some idea
he could make me come, but I was past any kind of pleasure. Or at least showing
him he could have an effect on me. So I stopped wriggling. Realizing that I was
just lying there, he pulled the vibrator out, and left me lying there for a
moment. I thought that at last it might be over, and to my shock, I suddenly
felt his greased up finger sliding into my bum. This was about the last thing
I'd expected, though I guess these days with footballers being charged for
digital anal penetration, he had plenty of media outlets to get the idea from.
My sphincter muscle tightened around his finger, something he clearly liked, and
he wriggled the finger around, testing the tighteness of the grip. He tried to
slip another finger in, but it was tight and he couldn't do it, so he gave up. I
could feel him just sitting there and looking, and I was waiting for the next
attack, when he suddenly got off the bed.

Hope you're comfortable he said, because we need to sleep. We've got a big day
ahead of us. If I take off your gag, will you make a noise? he asked, and I
shook my head. Anything to get the gag off. Good he said, but any noise, any
talking at all and it goes back on for the whole night. I nodded, and I could
feel the sudden relief in my mouth as the pressure went off, my jaw could relax,
my tongue could move. I gurgled a little, and he told me to stop, or it'd go
back in. I did my best to keep quiet, but I just had to get some water. Oh
alright he said, I suppose aliens are allowed a drink of water. He came back
with a glass and held my head up at an angle, and managed to get some into me
and some on the bed, but I was just grateful to have anything. Thanks Mattie, I
said, and he told me to shut up, aliens weren't to speak or they'd be gagged, so
I didn't say anything else, just lay there.

I could feel him slip the handcuffs back over my wrists and click them on
tightly. Even if I could get out of the ropes, I couldn't get out of them. He
used the other set of cuffs to chain one ankle to the corner of the bed post. I
knew I'd be there for the night, and there was no point struggling. I had to
save my energy.

I didn't sleep very well - my arms were still tied very tightly and I was lying
on ropes and on my breasts and even though I could roll a little to one side,
the way my legs were spread meant that essentially I had to lie on my stomach
with my head to one side so I could breath. Eventually I drifted off, sweating a
little - even though I was pretty well naked.

I couldn't really tell when morning arrived. The bedroom was pretty sheltered
from the sun, and the filtered light didn't really make much of an impression on
the gap in the blindfold. The first I heard was Julie asking if she could come
in and see me, and  being told by Mattie to go and play. Then I heard him come
into the bedroom, and come across to the phone on the bedside table. Mattie, I
said, and he said straight back that aliens couldn't talk, and had to be
punished. He climbed on top of me, legs either side of my back, and crushing my
arms into my shoulders. He grabbed me by the nose and blocked my nostrils,
forced the gag into my mouth and did up the strap, as if this was the kind of
thing he did all the time to the babysitter he kept strapped to his parents'
bed.

I gurgled away, but made no impression. He picked up the phone, and I could hear
him speaking to someone, saying that the alien had landed and operation roswell
was in go mode. It sounded silly, and at the same time it sounded ominous.

I didn't have to wait long to find out what he was up to. I heard the bedroom
door open, and the sounds of two people coming into the room. Mattie's friend
was impressed - he came up to the bed, and said how long have you had her like
this, and Mattie said all night. And you did things, like you said, he asked and
I could hear Mattie say with pride, yep and other stuff too.

I sensed the friend was moving around, looking at me from every angle. Now there
were two little creeps in the room �C it soon became clear the other guy was
called Greg. We can make her do anything we like, Mattie said. Can I do what we
talked about, his friend asked. Sure, said Mattie.

I knew this was trouble. These two creeps had talked about what they would do
and now they could do it. I could feel Mattie's friend clambering onto the bed
up near my head. I could feel his legs going either side of my face, as if he
was leaning up against the bed's headboard. He didn��t seem to have anything on,
and I could feel his crotch up against my head. Behind me Mattie clambered on
top of me, and took off the gag. That left my mouth aimed directly at his friend
Greg��s crotch. I knew what was happening, and I knew what they wanted me to do.
Now I've sucked a few cocks before and since, and I don't mind doing it, but I'm
not keen on swallowing - it tastes too bitter and salty and sort of, well,
sticky and gummy.

But I don't mind sucking. The one good thing about Greg was that he was still
fairly small. So when together they lifted up my head, and Mattie's friend slid
down and put his crotch under my mouth, his cock could go in without making me
choke. But then he grabbed me by the hair, and began lifting my head up and
down, so it was like being fucked in the mouth. He fucked me hard, and the only
lucky thing was that it didn't take him long to come. The trouble for him was,
he must have been saving for weeks, because for a young creep, he had a lot of
come, which gushed into my mouth and almost made me choke while he kept writhing
in pleasure and I tried to let it slide out along his cock.

My turn, Mattie said, and took the same position as his friend. Hang on, Greg
said, remember what we've got to do. I felt hands at my hair, and suddenly my
blindfold was torn from my head. I blinked in the light - right in front of me
was Mattie's cock and over to one side was his friend, digital camera in hand,
ready to catch a close up of me sucking. Mattie's friend was another nerdy
little creep, it seemed to me �C I caught a glimpse of him before Mattie yanked
my head back around so that my mouth would slide all the way down his cock.

Mattie could hardly hold on to himself, but his friend made him go slowly.
Mattie slid his cock into my  mouth, and then his friend made him hold back my
hair so that he could get a good picture of Mattie's cock just resting on my
lips, then sliding half way in, then all the way in. His friend insisted they
keep taking photos till he had it covered from all kinds of angles - all the
time saying that if I said anything to anyone, it'd be all over college and all
over town and all over the net that I was a cocksucker. Eventually Mattie
couldn't stand it any longer, and he jabbed and thrust his cock into my mouth,
really deep. He had a bigger cock than his friend, and I almost choked on it. It
wasn't that wide, but it was long and slender, and it almost reached to the back
of my throat when he rammed it in hard. Again the only good thing was that he
didn't take long to come, and when he came he was so sensitive he snatched his
cock out and rolled away, so I could spit his come out on the bed.

Oh man Mattie said, and oh man said his friend, and what next, they  said, and
Mattie said let's wait a little while, have a coke and come back. With a whoop
and a holler they left me lying there in the room, come still dripping out of my
mouth, the smell of it on the sheets and the pillow.

It didn't take long for them to bounce back into the room and look at their
prize. At least I could also look at them, and ask them how long they intended
to keep me. Mattie said that aliens couldn't talk, and I told him to stop saying
that.  I was Rebecca, his neighbour, his babysitter, and he and his friend were
getting into deep trouble. It didn't seem to affect Mattie, but it seemed to
affect his friend.

Mattie told him not to worry - the pictures would keep me quiet, and that turned
out to be true. He said they could do the other thing they'd always wanted to
do, and if I agreed, they'd let me go. I knew what it was they'd always wanted
to do, and I said no way. Mattie shrugged. There were two of them, and they were
going to do it anyway.

He started taking the ropes off my arms and wrists, but at the same time, he
kept ropes on my wrists. He gave one to his friend and took the other, so that
just as the last ropes came off my arms, they could tug them up to the corner
posts on the headboard. Now I was spreadeagled on the bed, and tied just as
tight. I could have wept, with the pain of the blood rushing back into my arms,
and with the sense of helplessness.

Mattie told his friend to lift me up, and he began to put pillows under my
stomach. Greg asked him why, and Mattie told him the book said it made it
easier.  The little creep had been reading up. His friend said he didn't know
you could do it this way, and Mattie said it was easier than getting me over the
other way, and it had some advantages.

His friend asked if he could go first and Mattie said sure thing, being generous
with his babysitter's body. His friend slid onto me from behind, the only good
thing being that I could feel that he'd put a rubber on. Even though they'd
obviously covered it in ky, he couldn't find where to put his cock. He slid
around, and then I heard a gasp and a sigh, and he came while he was still
sliding up and down on the outside.

Mattie had obviously been watching this with interest, because when he slid onto
me, he clearly had a much better idea of where he was heading. He moved inside
me, and his cock, which was long and slender, filled me up. He began to pump up
and down, but without much science or skill, obviously intent on his own
pleasure and coming as quickly as he could. Or so he thought. But he had one
last surprise - at the peak, just as I thought he was coming, he pulled out of
me, and rammed himself up my backside. The suddenness and the pain and the
feeling of him being completely inside me, as my sphincter muscle grabbed at
him, and held him snug and deep made me cry out and him shudder as he came
almost at once. I could feel his cock deep inside my bowels �C it was long and
slender, as I said, and it was right inside me, and as it began to shrink, my
sphincter muscle pushed it out. He almost shuddered with an after shock as his
cock was given a last tight little massage.

Awesome, he said, as he slid off. Awesome, said his friend.

That left me tied and spread on the bed thinking this was about as unawesome as
I'd ever felt in my life. I was exhausted, I had no fight left in me, I just
wanted to be free, to be let go, to go home and have a shower and collapse into
bed.

And that's pretty much what happened. Mattie told me I had to have a shower in
his place, and tidy myself up. He watched as I washed myself, making sure I
washed my mouth and everywhere else, taking digital photos through the shower
screen. This boy had clearly seen too much television. By the time I'd dried
myself and put on my shorts and blouse, I'm sure he had another three or four
cards of images ready to go on to his computer and on to the net.

As I left, he told me to tell my mother that Greg had turned up to invite him
and Julie over to his house, and that's why I'd come home early.

I did just that and went home, didn't say anything to my mother, who wasn't in,
and spent the next day resting and recovering. The only trouble with all this,
and the only reason I'm telling the story now is that it still haunts me. I
dream of being tied up and raped, of being taken from behind, of having my arms
bound so tight my elbows almost touch and my breasts jut out and nipples go
really hard. I enjoy it, I enjoy the fantasy.

I've persuaded a few of my boyfriends to tie me up, but none of them do it with
the same hardness and toughness that Mattie and his friend Greg did. I didn't
come while they were doing it, but the next day, I  managed to bring myself off
three times in a row. The last time I did it, I drifted off to sleep  thinking
about it, hating it and sort of loving it, and then I dreamed about it, and woke
up the next morning with my hand between my legs, and I was moist and ready to
come again. Now  anytime I see rope, or a tie, or a leather belt, I think about
being tied up and taken from behind, and having cocks shoved in my mouth. I can
bring myself off really quickly just thinking about it and stroking myself in
just the right place ... I even think about calling up Mattie ... but I haven't
yet ...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  thuggee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





