BDSM Library - Kathy's Torture And Humiliation




Kathy's Torture And Humiliation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kathy is abducted and forced through both physical and mental torture to become a willing sex slave.
KATHY��S TORTURE AND HUMILIATION

Kathy was a very attractive girl, she stood about 5 feet 10 inches. Her figure
was lovely, her hair was golden blonde. She worn it in a pony tail. Her skin was
also golden, this was from constant sunbathing. Kathy looked very attractive in
her jeans and sneakers. This is what she wore when we abducted her today. I
could not believe how we lured this lovely shy blonde into this horrible
situation.

Kathy was now laying in the center of the room on the rug. Her wrists were tied
behind her back. Her lovely ankles were tied together, her legs were bent back
until her bare feet almost touched her lower back, then they were secured to her
bound wrists. In her mouth was a ball gag. This made her screams sound a little
more like a loud moan.

Kathy had been stripped of all her clothing, her flawless bound and gagged body
was now being admired by her anxious captors. Her clothing laid in the corner of
the room, her sneakers and socks topped the pile.

" Okay guys let��s start with her lovely toes." With that two of the guys
started caressing her bare toes Her toes were long and slender, as were her
lovely feet. She kept her toenails nicely trimmed. Her bare feet were silky
smooth, they showed signs of much attention. She must have rubbed them with skin
lotion or baby oil. One of her captors put his nose between her bare wriggling
toes. He remarked on how nice they smelled. Kathy could not believe how they
were licking and sucking on her bare toes, then her sensitive bare bottoms were
being attended to. They worked on her sensitive feet until they had soaked them
with their hot saliva. They continued sucking on her toes, first they sucked on
her big toes, then they moved their attention to her little toes, now they
shoved her bare foot into their hot mouths sucking on all her lovely toes. The
more she wriggled her toes, the more excited they became. Kathy��s insteps were
starting to become wet from the dripping saliva. It dripped down to her bare
pinkish heels then dripped onto the soft mounds of her asscheeks.

She tried screaming, but only moans came through her tightly gagged mouth. She
tried to free herself, but she had been to skillfully bound.

They continued sucking on her bare toes, then moved to the sensitive bare soles
and heels. Her feet were now soaking wet.

Someone shoved a mirror in front of Kathy��s terror stricken face, so she would
be able to witness the abuse they were putting her body through.

Kathy now looked with horrifying eyes, they had pulled down their pants and were
rubbing their stiff cocks along the bottoms of her slippery feet. Soon their
cocks erupted sending hot squirts of come all over her wriggling feet and
between her toes. Then they further rubbed their hot come over both her bare
feet.

It felt disgusting, she thought she would become sick.

" Sandy owes us something and this is the only way we would accept payment."
" That was to lure you to us, then cover up your disappearance." " So we have
plenty of time to abuse your lovely body, any way we can." " Before we explain
any more we have something else in store for your lovely feet."

With that they brought out a bottle. It was filled with a yellow liquid and what
looked like a couple of socks soaking in the liquid. " You know what we have
here? " they asked. " All week long once we knew you were coming we pissed
into the bottle until it was full, then we hoped you would be wearing a heavy
pair of cotton socks so we could use them." " To our delight," he continued,
" When we stripped you we noticed that you had, so we had your delicious socks
soaking all this time."

Kathy began to panic when she realized what they were about to do. They were
putting on rubber gloves, then they pulled out one of the socks, now they held
her bare foot from twisting about. Then  slipped the piss soaked sock on to her
bare foot, then they pulled the other one on to her other foot. The feeling was 
awful. Her toes would not stop twitching, this further soaked the sensitive area
between them. Soon her feet started to become warm, then they started to itch
and burn. " Oh by the way we forgot to mention we poured some horse ligament
into the bottle just to make it more interesting." Now they started to laugh at
Kathy ��s discomfort.

Kathy��s body now convulsed and shook as the piss and ligament penetrated her
bare feet, between her toes itched like hell, her insteps felt like they were
burning up. Both her bare felt were in total agony. Kathy��s face showed signs
of intense pain.

" This is only the beginning Kathy." One of her tormentors said to her as he
worked the material of her piss  soaked socks between her toes. Kathy��s feet
burned and itched, it felt like someone had lit them on fire.

" Kathy before we finish with you let me tell you what we have planned." " We
are going to torture every part of your lovely sensitive body, we our going to
abuse every delicate opening with large dildoes, you will be forced to suck all
our cocks and swallow our hot come, then you will attend to our female members
and lick and suck their tender little pussies until they come.  Your pussy and
anus will have vibrating dildoes jammed into them for hours at a time."

Another member continued " We will then stick pins into your tender breast, and
other sensitive areas of your body, we our going to discipline your body to have
uncontrollable orgasms, many many orgasms. Then once we have broken you into
becoming our sex slave we will further enjoy ourselves using your body as our
sex toy. "

The members enjoyed watching Kathy��s torment when one noticed that the piss
solution was dripping on to her smooth ass cheeks. The area between her ass
cheeks was becoming filled with the solution. They smiled as they slowly pulled
her ass cheeks apart. This caused the liquid to slowly seep into her anus and
pussy. Soon Kathy��s eyes widen, her body shook violently and twitched beyond
control at this surprising new pain and torment she was experiencing. She did
not know how much more pain she be able to endure.

They watched Kathy writhe and twitch uncontrollably for the next hour, just when
she felt her body slip into unconsciousness they would stick smelling salt under
her nose. She was not allowed the luxury of passing out. They continued watching
her for about another hour. " Well Kathy it��s time for the next phase of your
painful conditioning." Next we will work on your lovely breast., especially
your firm nipples."

With this Kathy bucked and twisted, but it was useless. They proceeded in
untying the rope that held her ankles to her wrists, then they removed those
torturest socks. The girls took her pain wrenched body the shower and cleaned
her up. Once they had dried her now nicely freshly cleaned body, they sprinkled
baby oil on to her bare feet. Then they rubbed it in, between her toes, her bare
insteps and her pinkish heels. When they were done her feet had a nice gleam to
them. To her surprise they still itched and burned. They told her it would last
many more hours. This was how they had planned her abuse. Your conditioned body
will remain very painful. When done your whole body will twitch in total agony.
Then your sexual training and conditioning will begin.

Kathy was now being bound in a different position. She was made to lay on her
back then her arms were pulled over her head and tied to an eyehook anchored to
the floor. Then her legs were pulled down until her tendons were stretched to
their limit, at least that is what she though. Now they pulled on her ankles
even more. Kathy was stretched even further causing her entire body to twitch in
pain. She ankles were tied in place, keeping her body stretched in a very
unnatural position. Next a belt was secured to her waist. This was looped
through two more eye hooks located on either side of her. This now kept her body
free of any movement.

Kathy��s breast were now ready for the unique torture they had planned for her.
First a lotion was applied to each breast. They wore rubber gloves again. The
lotion had a sweet smell to it. Kathy waited for the pain but felt nothing.

Someone entered the room with a syringe filled with a clear liquid, this made
her struggle even more. "Before we can inject this into your lovely nipples
they must be fully erect." " You probably don��t think this could happen but
you are completely wrong, watch and learn."

With this someone approached with a bowl of ice cubes. The boy took one and
rubbed it around her soft spongy nipple, Kathy struggled and twisted. To her
horror her nipple started to stiffen and become erect. The boy continued rubbing
it with ice. It started to become red and sore. Now that it was fully erect he
pushed the needle of the syringe into to the redden tip of her nipple. Kathy
felt new pain as he slowly injected the clear liquid into her fleshy mound, he
then did the same to her other stiff nipple.

Now he spoke to Kathy face to face. " Well Kathy soon you will be in total
agony. The liquid will burn within your lovely breast. For hours they will
become itchy and uncomfortable. Just like your lovely feet."

Two of the girls now approached her with hair dryers, they turned them on high
and aimed them at her defenseless breast. " The cream becomes activated with
about five minutes of heat, soon it will add to your pain."

Suddenly her breast started to feel a slight discomfort, then the discomfort
started to turn to pain, the pain was starting to magnify to a much higher level
as time went on.

Now the full effect of the solution and cream started doing their work. The pain
was incredible, it sent Kathy��s body into  uncontrollable spasms, she shook
involuntarily. She could not control the way her now profusely sweating body
twitched and shook. The pain was more then she could stand. Soon she started to
pass out, but they kept her awake through her ordeal with the help of smelly
salts.

They enjoyed watching Kathy��s suffering, they though she would dislocate a
joint by the way her body twitched and spasms. They continued watching her for
the better part of an hour, never giving her the luxury of passing out. They
just waited until the last minute, then applied the smelling salt.

To further add to her pain, they rubbed the cream over her entire soft belly,
then the complete front of both legs. From her full thighs down to her lovely
ankles. Now the girls laughed as they turned on the hair dryers and started
heating up Kathy��s legs.

The pain now intensified, not even the smelling salt would work, soon Kathy
settled into a deeply unconscious state. The group was already discussing the
next phase they would put Kathy through. The next area would been her virgin
pussy and anus. They laughed and waited for Kathy��s return.

Kathy was unconscious for the better part of two hours. Her tormentors used this
time to devise a unique way to stringently bind her so the tinniest movement
would be impossible. This was so she would not be able to prevent her from
interfering in her next form of torment we had planned for her. They also wanted
her to be able to watch this on the small TV screen next to her head. We had set
up a video camera so she would had to witness her total deflowerment.

Kathy was starting to come to, she through hazy eyes could sense something was
wrong, when she tried to move she could not, she started to scream, but her ball
gag kept it at only a loud moan.

Her tormentors had succeeded very nicely at their task. Kathy was laying on her
back, a strap around her belly just about at her belly button held her tightly
to the floor. The eyehooks on the floor held her there. Her thighs were strapped
tightly to her calves, then her legs were pulled up and her wrists were then
secured to each ankle. Then another rope was tied around each ankle,  they were
pulled further out on right angles, this caused her pussy and anus to become
stretched open in a very unnatural position. Now they secured the ropes to
another couple of eyehooks closer to each side of her head. Her head was secured
to the floor so she had no choice but to look directly at the TV monitor.

Her tormentors were very pleased with the way she had been bound, her tight
little pussy and anus were completely exposed and accessible, her swollen breast
could also be further abused. Her bare red inflamed feet were also in a perfect
position, any volunteers could easily continue subjecting them to some new form
of torture without being in the way. Other words every delicate part of Kathy��s
body was now accessible.

Someone started to speak to Kathy " Look at the monitor my sweet little
thing." Kathy looked through tear stained eyes. She was humiliated at what she
saw. The camera was aimed directly at her virgin pussy and anus. With that as he
continued talking to her he also started to fondle both little holes. " Your
pussy and asshole is very small, I can��t even get my pinkie finger in either
hole, but look at this Kathy." With that he held up two monstrous dildoes. "
You may not believe this Kathy, but we are going to use these little baby��s to
stretch open to much too small entrance ways, we are going to push each one into
your tight pussy and asshole until they become stretched to accommodate even
larger sized cocks." Kathy��s eyes grew wide with fright. She could not believe
they were going to do this to her. Also she was frightened at how immobile she
was. She could not move an inch to prevent them from performing such lewd acts
to her body.

"The great part is you will be able to watch every moment, also we wouldn��t
want anyone to get bored so they have created new abuse for your lovely feet and
breast, shall we get started?"

They talked among themselves, but within ear shot of Kathy. "Her pussy and
asshole are extremely small so I think I��ll use the semi rigid dildoes and we
should use our special blend of lubricate." With that they brought out the more
rigid dildoes, and a enema bag filled with their special lubricate. They first
pushed the nozzle into her anus, then they let flow their oil mixture until it
filled up her ass hole and started to leak out. Now they pushed the nozzle into
her virgin pussy, letting the mixture flow again.

"I��ll  start with her asshole." With that he pushed the tip of the tapered
dildo into the entrance way of her tiny ass hole. He pushed with some effort, it
would not enter her, now he pushed much harder, her puckered ass hole started to
give way. Now he pushed harder, more of the huge dildo entered her, stretching
her puckered asshole. She moaned through the gag at the terrible pain. She
almost passed out as he shoved it much deeper into her ass. Her ass hole was now
stretched almost three times larger then she thought possible. They kept
applying the smelling salt under her nose to keep her fully awake. The largest
part of the dildo was now at the rubbery area  pushing open her small hole,
expanding it unbelievably wide. He would not push it deeper into her so her anus
could close up around the tapered part of it. He wanted her to suffer much more,
he just kept twisting it around causing Kathy much pain. Finally he pushed it
into her allowing her puckered asshole to close around it. Now he pulled it
slowly out, then worked it back in. He would pull it almost all the way out,
then slowly push it back in.

This continued for close to an hour and a half. Meanwhile the rest of her
tormentors found something else to keep themselves amused. At her expense. They
had what looked like small penlits, but they were actually electrical zappers.
They iced up her nipples again, then once they were fully erect then slipped
rubber bands at their bases. This caused her nipples to remain unnaturally
erect. They stared zapping them with their mini zappers. If Kathy could twitch
and shudder she would probably dislocate something. The only thing she could
move was her fingers and toes.

Soon they started with her feet, each toe was hit with an electrical surge, then
between her toes, her silky insteps were not spared, nor were her pinkish heels.
They laughed  as they continued this horrible torture. Tears was the only luxury
she was allowed. Soon they realized that her bare feet was so charged with
current that her toes twitched involuntarily. They twitched without even being
zapped, so were her fingers, which they were also working on.

They were now satisfied with her anus. So what they did was buckle a harness
around her waist, it also had a wide belt attached to it that ran between her
legs. It snapped at both ends and had  removable shields at both areas  covering
her pussy and anus. They choose a larger butt plug, then they worked it into her
already stretched anus, when it was pushed fully into place they snapped the
belt into place. This would prevent it from slipping out. Now they removed the
shield covering her pussy and start working on this virgin hole.

Kathy��s was soaking wet, her entire body was coated with her delicious sweat.
She was near exhaustion, but she perked up when she saw the dildo they were
going to jam in her virgin pussy. It was enormous in size, also it was covered
with small protruding dimples.

They coated the tip with lubricate, even though she was already quite wet, her
little pussy was dripping with the enema lubricate and her own dripping fluids.
Now they slowly wriggled it into her tiny virgin hole, it was slowly pushed into
her tightly closed cunt. Now her pussy was starting to give way, allowing this
menacing intrusion to enter her. She tried to struggle, but it was no use. It
was pushed now past her pinkish sore pussy walls, soaring deeper and deeper into
virgin territory. Kathy moaned through her gag as this enormous rubber cock slid
into the depths of her pinkish little canal. Soon it was pushed fully into her ,
causing her much pain as her cherry was broken. Her virgin juices dripped out of
her cunt further coating this large rubber cock. They now laughed and starting
working it in and out of her bound body. It was shoved deeply into her, then
slowly pulled out. They enjoyed watching Kathy��s tears dripping down her cheeks
and the anguish look on her face. Kathy was moving closer to becoming completely
broken, just one more step would be needed.

They continued pumping the dildo in and out of her pussy for well over and hour,
they also continued with the electrical torture of her bare feet and her breast.
It was now time to complete Kathy��s conditioning, then they could enjoy using
her body for their own sexual gratification.

They now produced a black leather bag, the bag was filled with bullet shaped
dildoes. They pulled out the first one, lubricated it, then shoved it into her
already sore and tender asshole, once Kathy��s spincter closed and the dildo
disappeared they produced another, this one was pushed far into her tiny anus up
into her rectum channel, much to Kathy��s surprise a third was now shoved into
her. Her ass was now loaded to the max. Now they started with her pussy, they
shoved one after the other into her already stretched pussy, soon they had
loaded her up with five well greased dildoes. They now secured the belt running
between her legs. This held the dildoes tightly in place.

These small dildoes were of a new type. They were individually controlled with
separate remotes. They now turned on one in her anus, another in her pussy. The
sensation she felt was very comforting, after the harsh abuse she had been
through. Soon Kathy realized she could not control what her body was
experiencing. Another dildo in her pussy was now activated. This sent new
sensations soaring through her body, within ten minutes Kathy was experiencing
her first orgasm. Her fingers and toes twitched uncontrollably until she started
to slip into an unconscious state. She was quickly revive with the aid of
smelling salt. They removed some of the ropes that held her immobile.

Soon orgasm number two took over her body, her body shook and twitched. She was
stilled tied ankles to wrists, but the ropes holding her bound to the floor had
been removed. She was able to twist and arch her body in a much uncontrolled
manner. These orgasm were starting to effect her in a strange way. Her virgin
body was starting to welcome them. Soon she was feeling her eight orgasm. They
now had all the dildos activated. Her body shook and twisted, her body gleamed
all over from her own sweat, it dripped off from her body until she laid in a
pool of her own perspiration.

The members enjoyed this last phase of torment and abuse they would put Kathy
through. Her tormentors would enjoy watching the change that would occur. Her
body had been conditioned through torment and torture. It would welcome the
wondrous sensations that were soaring through her body, the sensations that
these multiple vibrating dildoes were achieving. They knew she would be unable
to resist them.

This was why they played with her unbound emotions, They would bring her to a
mind shattering orgasm, then stop abruptly for about fifteen minutes. As soon as
her body showed signs of anxiety, or would one call it a addiction. They could
tell she was becoming impatient, she needed to feel another orgasm, when she
started twisting and shuddering, they would again start up the vibrations, she
would again become lost in multiple orgasm. They played with her for the next
two hours. Soon her body started experiencing the orgasm even with out the help
of the dildoes. This meant that Kathy was now completely broken. Both mentally
and physically.

They could now start Kathy on her way to becoming an obedient little sex slave.
The first cock was placed at her perfect little mouth, the gag had been removed.
Kathy knew what she must do, other wise they would not let her experience any
more orgasm, she knew her body craved these, she was an addict and her fix was
these powerful, wondrous orgasm.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dreamer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





