BDSM Library - Betty




Betty
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl put into foster home who takes advantage of their girls and introduces them to SM.
                              BETTY    

    I had a pretty miserable childhood. My dad had abandoned Mom who
reminded me almost daily was my fault for not being good. We were poor and
on welfare. When I was twelve me and some other kids got caught smoking
pot. That was the last straw for Mom. She told the juvenile people that I
was worthless and gave me to them.
    I just felt totally worthless and probably would have killed myself if
I had the chance because I felt so guilty for driving away both my parents.
    It turned out pretty well. I was put in a foster home with two other
girls my age. I was scared at first because Mona and Tim my new foster
parents told me that since I had a drug problem I would be watched closely
and they expected strict obedience or I would be punished.
    It was a better life than I had ever had before. We had good food and
clothes that were kept clean and we were expected to shower everyday. I
became to like the showers and got used to being naked because they had a
huge shower so my room mates, Pat and Lori, and I could all shower together
and wash each other's backs. That felt so good that we ended up taking
turns with one of us holding our hands on our heads while the other two
washed our entire body. They were fascinated by my breasts that were bigger
than theirs and spent a lot of time washing them. All the attention made me
want to purr.
    I asked Pat what they meant when they said I would be punished. She
told me not to worry. It was just a spanking, but that scared me. I told
Pat Mom had spanked me with pool cues or boards and it hurt awful. She gave
me a hug in sympathy and said they just used leather things that caused a
sting. Most of the time there were only ten or fifteen spanks that just
made their butts red and hot for awhile.
    I found out that although there weren't many spanks they were often
because there were so many rules. They all made sense though, even the one
that said we should keep good posture, and manners. All of them were to
makes us better people not like Mom who sometimes spanked me just because
she blamed me for dad leaving.
    I got my first spanking just for slouching. I was only to get ten but
Mona told me to take down my jeans and panties for it. I thought that would
be embarrassing and unnecessary since Mom had always spanked me on my
clothes. I refused which earned me ten more for disobedience. I realized I
would just be forced into it and given even more if I didn't cooperate so I
pulled my jeans and panties down to my ankles and bent over to rest my
hands on a foot stool to put me head down with my butt in the air. It was
real embarrassing with all four of them looking at my bare butt especially
when Tim said that I had a cute round butt just made for spankings.
    I really dreaded that first spank using Tim's belt but I found out she
was right. It just stung with no deep bruising pain I had received from
Mom. I thought it might get worse when Mona finished her ten and gave the
belt to Tim for the last ten but by then I seemed to get used to it and
even though it was harder It was not enough to make me cry. I did get more
embarrassed when he finished. I had been concentrating so much  on what was
happening to my butt I hadn't noticed my shirt had fallen down and my
breasts were bare too until Tim said that I was really growing up and
already had pretty boobies. I blushed all down my front and hurriedly
pulled down my shirt and pulled up my pants. 
    When it was over everyone hugged me and told me they were proud of my
bravery for not crying or fussing. All the love and the tingling of the
nerves in my butt so close to my pussy just made me excited and I had no
regrets over the spanking.
    Best of all after the spanking Tim said, "There is no need for
lingering pain." and had me lie on my stomach while the girls caressed some
soothing salve on my red tingling butt. It really felt good to have their
soft hands and salve massaging my butt. It seemed to make the tingling of
my butt spread to my pussy causing a tingle to my clitoris. That night I
remembered the pleasant tingle and used my finger to rub my clit until the
tingle returned to create excitement until I felt this wonderful release.
    We had classes to educate us in the mornings. There was a lot of
individual instruction so I learned much better than in ther regular
school. After classes Tim said, "It is important for your bodies to be
developed as well as your minds." We were sent to the bedroom to put on our
exercise costume. The costume was just a tiny bikini panty and bra. When I
puyt it on and looked in the mirror I saw the panties just barely covered
the slit of my pussy and the little triangles of the bra just covered the
nipples without providing any support. "I said, God. I am almost naked!"
One of the girls said, "Yeah. Tim says he has to be able to see our muscles
working to make sure the exercises are working." Then she giggled and said,
"I am sure it is more than that though. I know he likes watching us this
way because sometimes you can see his dick getting hard under his shorts."
    Mona led us in tyhe aerobic exercises. She was also wearing the tiny
outfit which made it seem alright. Tim sat in a chair watching us and
changing records in the stereo for us to do our exercises. He reminded us
that we were to  stand straight and keep our tummies sucked in between
exercises.
    The other girls were used to the exercise and performed the moves with
little effort. I was embarrassed that I had trouble following them and
looked clumsy. Also I was out of shape and was covered with sweat and
panting while they just seeemed to have fun. 
    Finally after about twenty minutes I was able to relax and more easily
follow Mona's moves. During the side-straddle hop I looked at Tim. He made
me feel special because he was staring only at me with a grin on his face.
I knew it was because my boobs were big enough to sway and jump with the
moves. I remembered what the girl had said and looked at his shorts to see
a definite bulge. It made me even more proud that I could excite him.
Finally the hard part was over and we just did slow stretching moves. I
looked at Mona and noticed her sweat had made her white costume
transparent. I was sure mine was the same and looked at Tim thrilled as his
eyes roamed over my body.
    Suddenly Mona said, "Okay. That's enough for today." I was really tired
and kind of slumped. I looked at Tim and saw him frowning at me. I realized
I had let my shoulders go forward to lower my boobs and  let my tummy go
from flat to a more rounded look. I quickly stood up straight and sucked in
my tummy but I knew that just proved I knew I had broken the rule.
    Tim came over to me and stroked my tummy wet with perspiration to say,
"You know what you did. Don't you?"
    I gulped then said, "Yes. I slouched. Will I be spanked?" Actually now
that I knew the spankings were not terrible the prospect just thrilled me.
    Tim said, "Yes you will get fifteen spanks. Will you be brave?"
    "I'll try to be brave for you."
    "Good. You will fold your arms over the top of your head. If you let
them down you will get fifteen more harder ones while tied. Can you do
that?"
    I had never had thirty spanks and was sure that would really hurt so I
said, "I promise to keep my arms up."
    That was when I found spankings were not limited to the butt when he
said, "Fine. Since your tummy and boobs slouched that is what will be
punished."
    That scared me a little and even though I said I would be brave I
whimpered when my arms were on my headand Mona jerked on the bow to let my
bra fall to the floor.
    I braced myself for the expected pain but when he began at my belly-
button I found it was only a sting like on my butt except that as the
stings came very close to my pussy and then rose to my breasts it just
became very exciting. The only ones that hurt bad was over my sensitive
nipples but there would only be one before he went back to just above my
panties to work slowly up again to let me brace myself for the inevitable
sharp sting to my nipples. I unconsciously raised my arms to stretch my
body as I fantasized hanging from the ceiling.
    When he stopped with a final sting right on my crotch I was sobbing but
not from the pain rather it was the frustration from the stings bringing me
so close to orgasm.
    The girls led me to the bedroom to lie on my back in my bed to beging
caressing salve on my boobs and tummy. It felt wonderful and let excitement
increase as I felt proud when they talked among themselves marvelling at my
bravery for not trying to flinch away. Pat said, "Should I take off your
panties?"
    I moaned, "Yes. Put salve on my crotch."
    They did finally pulling the lips apart to let their fingers rub my
clit which brought a wonderful orgasm. I made a squeal then slumped. Their
hands left my crotch to gently caress my boobs and stomach as Pat said,
"How do you feel."
    "Wonderful. He can spank me every day as long as you do this
afterwards."
    "We will. Sometimes the spankings can be really bad so we know this
will always make us forget the pain."
    I became to love the spankings although I guess they should really be
called whipping since from then on our butts were only one of many places
hit and I was always naked for them. Being naked in front of everyone
became a thrill once they had made me proud of my body and I loved having
the salve caressed on my body after it was over. I found that the only
spanks that brought real pain was to my upper back and lower legs which was
too far from an erogenous zone and my inner thighs which seemed extra
sensitive like my nipples. Ones to my crotch were only thrilling since my
pussy lips protected my sensitive clit. After the lights were out I would
continue caressing my tingling body with my left hand and twiddling my clit
with the right till I could build excitement until another climax.
    All our punishments were done just before bedtime. As soon as my
spanking was over and I had kissed Mona and Tim and thanked them for the
spanking so they knew I agreed I had earned it they went to their bedroom
and we went to ours where the spankee would have salve rubbed on the red
places.
    One or more of us were spanked every night for some offence or another.
often for tiny offenses that only earned five spanks. Now that I look back
on it I think the main reason was to get us used to being naked. I must
have started something by baring my boobies because Mona went to town and
brought back little jumpsuits made of a satiny material. We loved them
because the satin felt so nice against our skin and even more so since she
told us we shouldn't wear panties. Naturally since our bottoms had to be
bare for spankings we would have to take off the jump suit which left us
naked. It worked, eventually we got used to being naked even in front of
Tim and became proud of the way Tim and Mona would compliment the way we
looked. THe jump-suits also gave them another excuse to punish us since
they were white and we earned spanks if we got them dirty. At the same time
Tim made a whip by cutting strips of leather out of his belt and nailing
them to a broom stick. This hurt even less than the belt and we didn't
object to additional spanks since the sting over a longer period just made
us excited combined with the extra thrill of being naked.
    I had such low esteem from the constant bitching of my mother I had
gotten in to the habit of of slouching and being downcast and moving around
with slumped shoulders in the effort to be un-noticed. It was hard to
remember to stand straight and move around proudly.
    One day Mona looked at me and said, "Jesus, Tim. Look at her. She has a
perfect little body but the way she stands makes her tummy pooch out and
her boobies sag."
    I immediately stood up straight and sucked in my tummy but it was too
late. Tim had already noticed.
    "Yeah. It is a damn shame. She looks good now that she has straightened
up. Spanking her lightly doesn't seem to help. Maybe it would be a better
reminder if we gave her some real stings on her tummy and boobs."
    That scared me as I assumed it would hurt a lot more than the earlier
spankings that had mostly just brought thrills. I whimpered, "No. Please
don't. I'll keep my tummy sucked in. I promise!"
    "Alright. We will let you prove it. all of us will keep an eye on you.
If you slouch we will make a mark on the blackboard. each mark will earn
you ten spanks. To make it easy to see if you slouch you will be naked all
day."
    They had me take off the jump-suit which really made me feel naked
since everyone else was wearing clothes and was watching me like hawks,but
it helped to remind me. Old habits are hard to break. After about a half-
hour Pat yelled, "Her tummy is pooching!" and ran to make a mark on the
board.
    Mona must have noticed I kept glancing at the board to help remind me
because she told us to go out and play.
    The sun and warm breezes felt wonderful on my bare skin so I told Pat
and Lori they should get naked too. They ran in and got permission and then
all three of us enjoyed playing in the sun. That was a mistake. Now that we
were all naked I didn't feel as embarrassed and began to relax. In a little
while Lori ran in to make another mark.
    I complained that if they were my friends they wouldn't tell on me but
they just said it was for my own good and besides they thought it would be
really exciting to see my front whipped hard.
    I ran in and told Mona that they should get marks if they slouched. She
agreed but it was futile since they had hard little bodies that never
sagged.
    When it was time for my punishment I had five marks for fifty lashes.
    Tim said soothingly, "I know that is a lot of lashes but I will start
easy and watch you to make sure I am not being too mean as they get harder
to the strength I use on your butt. To keep you from moving or getting your
arms in the way we will tie your wrists to the ceiling. As a further
concession you can control the cadence by counting. When you are ready say
'One."
     Mona wrapped a cloth around my wrists then tied on a rope saying, "The
cloth will keep the rope from hurting you." It seemed like a strange
statement since the rope was there to hold me for pain until I realized
they only wanted me to feel pain from the whip.
 Tim threw the rope over a ceiling beam and pulled down on it to pull me up
on my toes. The stretch felt good and I felt proud when Pat said, "God. The
stretch makes her body look wonderful."
    Mona caressed my tummy then said, "Yes. Your tummy is nice and tight
and your waist has shrunk. Maybe your exercises can keep it like that all
the time."
    Tim came over and caressed me too saying, "You are beautiful, Baby." I
looked down at his shorts and the bulge proved I excited him. But then he
said, "You are going to have to open your legs. I can't get to your inner
thighs or crotch."
    I realized I was clenching my legs together but I didn't have the
courage to open them knowing lashes there would really hurt. I whimpered
and shook my head.
    He said, "It will be worse if you don't cooperate." but I just couldn't
do it and whimpered, "Please. Not there."
    Mona solved the problem by dragging over a big footstool. Tim pulled my
legs apart while she tied my ankles to the legs. That shortened me enough
so now all my weight was hanging from the rope.
    Tim got the whip and stood beside me expectantly. After a moment I
worked up the courage to say, "One." 
    To my surprise the "Splat! of the whip just above my belly-button did
not sting anymore than ones to my butt. I was relieved the nerves in my
front were not any more sensitive and said, "Two." This one went just below
the first and no more painful. At "Three." the lash came across just above
the first and I could see that this pattern would bring lashes to my boobs
and crotch by about the tenth. The sting seemed to radiate to my clitoris
to make it tingle and I began counting faster to increase that tingle.
    Ten hit across the bottom half of my boobies, eleven hit across the top
of my slit and by then the pain was bringing on more excitement than I
could get from masturbation. Twelve brought out a gasp with the sharp pain
as both nipples were hit but it also brought more excitement to welcome
thirteen which covered both lips of my pussy. Fourteen stung the upper half
of my boobs and at fifteen he brought the whip down vertically to let the
center thong go into my pussy because my legs were spread wide enough to
open my slit. That caused a sting to my clit which made me pause to savor
the tingle running into my body.
    He then started over on my stomach and I began counting even faster
with only seconds between counts to savor the sting and tingling.
    At twenty five which brought the lash to my boobs I looked down to see
the whip dig in to leave red lines and knew he was hitting much harder but
it was only increasing my excitement. I moaned, "Yes. Oh yes. Make my boobs
and pussy burn."
    At the last one to my pussy I was pushing my hips out to meet the lash.
At that point I went into orgasm and stopped counting signalling my
readiness for the next just by saying "Yes!" and then his pattern changed
to just hit my boobs and pussy until I had an orgasm so strong I fainted.
    When I woke up Lori and Pat was caressing salve on the welts on my
boobs and pussy. It felt so good I felt like purring.
    When Lori noticed I was awake she said, "God Betty. You were just
awesome! That whip was really digging in to you but you never screamed or
cried. How could you stand that much pain?"
    My posture improved but not from the spanking. I enjoyed the
compliments so much on my body when my tummy was tucked in and my shoulders
back to lift my boobies I began to hold myself that way most of the time.
    My education was better but it was hard for me. My old school had not
given us grades, we just either passed or failed. I soon found out it took
very little work to pass so I didn't study much which put me behind the
other kids in the new school especially in reading. Without being able to
read well I had trouble with everything else.
    That brought on my first big spanking along with the other girls. They
kept track of our grades anything under a hundred earned us spanks. I had
eighty spanks coming! I was really scared because Mom had spanked me with a
broken pool cue that really hurt and would make my butt sore for days. Tim
said we would remember this spanking so I was afraid they would not use the
little whip anymore and would bring out a cue stick or something.
    Pat was the smart one. She only had twenty spanks coming so she was
first. I was really scared when they had her take off all her clothes then
bend over a desk. This would not only hurt it would be embarrassing because
that made our pussies pooch out from between our legs. I was dreading the
part when they brought out the stick to hit her with and could not
understand how she could lie over the desk so quietly.
    They didn't have a stick. It was a new whip! There were nine leather
bootsrings with knots tied in them coming out of a handle. It looked bad
and I began to whimper imagining how I would be suffering after eighty
lashes with that. But when they hit her with it to make a "Snap!" sound she
didn't even scream!
    Tim and Mona took turns with Mona giving the first ten and Tim the
last. The one not spanking would hold her in position while Pat hugged
their legs pushing the top of her head in their crotches. There was an
oriental rug on the desk that must have been stickery because as Pat lunged
forward at the slap of the leather then slid back for the next her boobs
would pull and stretch forward and back. Tim was holding her by pressing
the sides of her cute little titties to make them bulge.
     Although Pat's butt got really red her only reaction was little moans
and shudders. I hoped I could be that brave.
    Then it was Lori's turn. She had fifty coming and I would have an
example more like my coming ordeal.
    They did not hit her any harder but to keep an even shade of red they
used up more area. She was hit from the very top of her butt down her
thighs and at the end Tim hit her inner thighs nearly hitting her pussy
that pooched out between her legs because she had stretched out to let her
stomach rest on the desk to also slide on the rug. To get that low she had
to spread her legs. I thought she would be really embarrassed if she
realized how this made her pussy so visible and opened her slit. I reminded
myself to keep my legs together.
    Again she just whimpered and moaned dragging her bare nipples and tummy
on the rug. Like Pat when they were done she shuffled to each of them to
give them a kiss and thank them for the spanking.
    I was amazed by Lori's reaction. There were tears in her eyes but she
smiled at them  before she trotted off to join Pat in the bedroom.
    Now it was my turn. I was wearing a skirt so it could have been just
flipped up over my back but they insisted I loosen it to let it fall to the
floor then pulled down my panties to my ankles. In embarrassment I clenched
my legs together and bent over the desk without taking off my shirt hoping
they would let it pass. They must have decided to give me some slack
because they didn't say anything while they pressed down on my back to hold
me. I laid there trembling in dread to begin what I supposed would be a
terrible ordeal hoping I could be as brave as Pat and Lori.
    To my amazement the whip just stung a little and was more exciting than
painful and my lower tummy rubbing on the wool nap of the rug added more
stimulation. I became excited. By the tenth lash I wanted to feel more of
the rug and wanted the hands on my shirt touching my skin. I found that by
dragging my body on the rug when I pulled back and lifting when I went
forward my shirt would work it's way up with each lash till the hands were
holding the sides of my boobs at the same time my nipples began to rub on
the rug. That increased my excitement a lot. My embarrassment went away and
I spread my legs so the thongs could get to the more tender and exciting
inner thighs. When the lash began to be more painful on the back of my
thighs and even more so to my inner thighs I just became more excited and
spread my legs even more to allow the strap to get closer to my pussy. I
was feeling the same sensations I got from rubbing my clit! Toward the end
I began to wriggle my butt hoping it would spoil his aim enough to hit my
pussy. It finally worked and when the strap hit a pussy lip to open my gash
I came! I had orgasms stronger than I ever had before. Rather than the
single little orgasm I got from my finger, another and then another came
from the whip as I laid there trembling feeling the stings to my thighs
along with the warm hands rubbing the sides of my breasts till Tim quit and
helped me to my feet. I walked over to Mona naked with this great feeling
of release uncaring that my shirt was still above my boobs to kiss her and
thank her for the spanking and then to do the same for Tim. .
    I meant it too. Not just because I came but for the feeling of love
from being held for the spanking and for them to care enough to spank me to
encourage me to improve myself rather than hit me out of hate as Mom had.
    They hugged me and said I would do better in school next time. Tim
patted me on my red butt and told me to go to bed so the girls could put on
salve. 
    Just having the salve put on while I laid on my stomach naked for each
of them to rub a butt cheek or thigh made the spanking worthwhile. When Pat
noticed the red spot on my pussy lip she said, "Ooh this is red too." and
began to rub it. This made me really excited and I moaned, "It tingles
inside too."
    They had me get up on my knees then Pat let her fingers slip into my
gash from the back while Lori rubbed up and down on my clit from the front
until I had another great orgasm.
    When it was over I was really embarrassed because Mom had told me it
was sinful to touch my pussy. I began to whimper saying, "You must think I
am awful to want you to do that." They told me it was natural and alright
to do it and to prove it laid beside me and pulled my hands to their
pussies and put their hands back on mine. We all had orgasms until we went
to sleep.
    I never got over the feeling that sex was sinful though and welcomed
punishment before or after to let me relieve my guilt.
    I know now they timed the spankings to excite them enough to make love 
but I have no complaint. The girls told me that after a hard spanking it
took more to make a person forget the pain. After they put on the salve we
would lie on the big bed to play with each others pussies and nipples until
we were all panting and giggling with excitement and completely forgetting
about any residual pain.
    We had tests at school or graded homework on Wednesdays and Fridays. On
my next set of tests I didn't do better I did worse. They only had forty
spanks coming but I owed a hundred and twenty. I was scared because I
remembered that the spanks had become more painful at the end of eighty
last time and now I would get forty more. To make matters worse the girls
did not leave after their spanking and I knew they planned to watch my
punishment which meant I would have to be brave if I wanted to keep their
respect.
    I was cowering with my head down in fear while they finished with Lori
and Tim noticed.
    "Betty, you are slumping. It is just as well because one hundred twenty
are really too much for you to receive on your butt and thighs. It would
also last a long time. I think it would be best for us to give you sixty on
your front and sixty on your back at the same time. By getting them at the
same time it may only seem like sixty. What do you think?"
    I thought it was nice of him to give me a choice and decided he was
right. I was sure my butt would be raw after one hundred and twenty but
could not imagine how I could be held while I was being hit front and rear.
    " I think it would be better to be hit on front and back but how can
you hold me while I am getting hit?"
    "I thought you could be brave enough to stand still with your arms
above your head."
    "I am afraid I am not that brave and I don't want to look silly jumping
around. Could you maybe tie my wrists to the ceiling fan?" 
    "Yes it is strong enough. Mona get the belt to your bathrobe while she
undresses."
    I undressed quickly and once I was naked my fear began to be replaced
by excitement. Tim got on a chair to loop the belt around the rod
supporting the fan. The belt was not very long so I had to stand on my toes
while it was tied around my wrists. Lori stared at me awestruck.
    "God Betty. Hanging like that makes your body look fantastic. Your
boobies are high and firm and your tummy is sucked way in."
    "Thank you. It feels good to be stretched and I am sure I can take my
punishment better this way."
    Tim and Mona placed themselves at my sides and they didn't hit at the
same time. Mona started at the top of my boobs and a split-second later
there was a lash to the top of my butt. They both started down my body inch
by inch. There was a mirror on the wall and I could see the skin redden
with little polka dots from the knots covering my boobs evenly as she moved
down. Being able to see the lashes hit added to my excitement and I
understood now  why Pat and Lori became excited from watching. I suddenly
had avision of hundreds of people becoming excited from my whipping which
added even more thrill.
    She was hitting hard enough to really sting and make my boobs jump but
the sting just added excitement. When she finished my boobs and started on
my stomach my muscles were so tight it hardly flinched. By that time Tim
was at the top of my thighs. I found I was looking forward to when she got
to the more exciting part below my belly-button. and Tim would start moving
back up on my inner thighs.
    This time was different. When she covered the area just below my belly-
button she stepped in front of me and began fore handing and backhanding as
she kept going down until I felt and saw the lash hitting the top of my
pussy hair while Tim was aiming at my inner thighs inches from my pussy.
    Suddenly I knew I had to find out what this more painful whip would
feel like on my pussy and when she was hitting just above the top of my
slit I opened my legs.
    Mona grinned at me and said, "I thought you might do that."
    She brought the whip up between my legs to make my pussy lips squirm
then Tim did the same from behind. I went from one orgasm to stronger ones.
I began to scream but not from the pain. The orgasms completely boggled my
mind and made me open my legs even more so the thongs could get inside to
create unbelievable pain and excitement as they hit my clitoris.
    I must have fainted because the next thing I remembered was lying on my
bed with the girls caressing my boobs and pussy with salve.
    When Lori saw I was awake she said, "Jesus Betty you were unreal! How
could you stand the pain with your legs spread? The thongs were going clear
into your slit!"
    I said groggily, "Pain? I don't remember any pain. Just unreal
excitement but it hurts now. Please keep putting on the salve. That feels
really good."
    They kept asking me how it felt but I could only answer that it was
indescribable until I fell into a deep sleep.
    That weekend Pat came back from Grocery shopping to tell us excitedly
that Mona had lost their checkbook and was sure to get spanked when Tim got
home. I thought it would be great to see what Mona looked like naked since
the loose house dresses she wore gave no idea of her figure but Pat said
that was just part of it. Adults were whipped different than kids and that
it was really exciting. I pumped her for more details but she said she did
not want to ruin the surprise.  
    When Mona finished putting away the groceries she called us into the
kitchen to say, "I have done a terrible thing. I have lost our checkbook
and someone my be using it to forge checks right now. I called the bank to
tell them but it may be too late. Naturally I will be whipped. I hope I
will be brave and that I may be an example for you so you won't be careless
as I have been.
    I still could not see why this was a big deal. We had all been whipped
but I did note she said whipped rather than spanked.
    When Tim came home she rushed out to him crying, to confess. He was
angry and told her she should be ashamed of herself. She agreed and
whimpered that she expected to be whipped.
    After dinner he said, "Mona. You may have caused us a loss great enough
to make me go to the bank and beg for more time to make our mortgage
payment. Get a piece of paper and write down how many lashes you deserve
and where they will be placed. If I agree that will be that, but if you are
too easy on yourself I will double it."
    I could see her predicament. I tried to put myself in her place and
wondered if I would just say twenty knowing I could take forty easily. I
did not think Mona would do that though. I knew she was genuinely
remorseful and was curious to know how much she thought she should suffer.
    It took her some time to decide. Each time she put her pencil to paper
she would make a little whimper. 
    The more I thought about it the more I put myself in her place. I
realized that if I really felt guilty I could not just ask for an amount
that brought climax. I would have to ask for enough to make sure it really
hurt. At that point I did not know how many that would take and if he asked
me to set an amount it would have to be more than eighty to my bottom and
thighs because I was still climaxing at that point. It could take as much
as twice that. I was really curious to find out but when she finally handed
him the paper he just looked at it and agreed it would be sufficient.
    He was in no hurry. He slowly sipped another cup of coffee while Mona
and the girls wriggled in their seats in anticipation of the coming
spectacle.
    I knew it was going to be different when he took Mona's hand and led
her out the door towards the barn instead of to the desk.
    When we got to the barn he told Mona to get the supplies. When she came
back with coils of rope with padded cuffs at the ends I realized she would
be tied for the spanking. She also brought out a bamboo cane, a leather
whip braided to look like a snake and the bootstring whip that had left
polka dot bruises on me for days. I wondered which whip Tim would choose.
    I realized how different this was. We girls had just accepted
punishment at a set rate depending on the offense.  Mona had decided on the
amount of lashes and now as she climbed a ladder to thread the ropes
through pulleys in the ceiling and rings in the floor she was preparing her
own bondage tat was obviously going to hold both her arms and legs to make
her completely helpless.
    I thought this was really exciting. It made it look as if she was
asking for the whipping! 
    When everything was in place she began take off her clothes. As she
bared herself I found out she had a gorgeous body. Her waist was tiny which
made her firm round bottom and great boobs look bigger. I was puzzled that
she had no hair on her crotch. This was strange because I had some even at
my age.
    We had sat on the floor to watch her undress. Pat pulled Lori up to
help buckle the cuffs on her wrists and ankles then they went to the rope
to her left wrist to pull up her arm while Tim pulled up on the other until
she was standing on her tiptoes to relieve the strain. They went to her
ankle ropes and pulled her legs wide till her feet completely left the
floor leaving her hanging by her arms with her body trembling and her
breasts heaving from her deep breathing.
    She looked like a capital "X" and being hung made her body look even
more fabulous as her stomach went concave and her breasts lifted.
    As if that was not enough there were more surprises. Tim brought out
the paper and said, "Since Mona has jeopardized your home she asks that you
girls should give her punishment. Betty since you are inexperienced you
will give her forty spanks on her bottom and thighs with the cane. Lori
will whip her breasts and stomach with the snake whip for forty and finally
Pat will whip her crotch and inner thighs with the bootlaces. I am not sure
you girls will hit hard enough. I expect to see welts. Lots of them. If I
don't think you have hit hard enough you will receive forty lashes with the
whip you are using where you used it."
    To my amazement Mona moaned, "Hit hard girls. He means it. I may scream
but it's alright. If I am not screaming by the time you are half-done you
are not hitting hard enough. If you don't hit hard enough you will be hit
and I will just have to take your forty again."
    I had never hit anyone before. I had no idea how hard I should hit but
the cane he handed me seemed light. I hoped it would not hurt too much. I
decided if I was doing it right she should yell as I did.
    I was to go first, then Lori, then Pat.
    My first one right across both cheeks made her yell, "Aiee." I decided
that was not a scream but it was a noise and kept hitting about that hard
which caused red welts the width of the cane. By the time I got to twenty
one she was making real screams at each one. I found that even though I
didn't hit any harder the stripes I made right at the juncture of her
thighs and butt created even louder screams. I decided that must be because
I was hitting nerves really close to her pussy which should make her
especially excited and concentrated on that area.
    The real surprise was that spanking her really excited me. I had
expected to feel bad since she had been so nice to me but by the end I was
so excited I flopped on the floor and unbuttoned my jeans to dig
frantically at my pussy while I watched her breasts jump under Lori's lash.
I could hardly believe Mona was not screaming and begging. I had pinched my
nipples and it had hurt bad. When the whip hit her nipples she just jumped
in her bonds and moaned until Lori decided she was not hitting hard enough.
The lashes then began making her boobs jump violently as it sunk in to make
red welts and screams became loud as tears ran down her cheeks. Lori
evidentally thought her boobs had suffered enough as she began putting
stripes down her stomach to her pubic bone which caused a shriek.
    I didn't have to feel guilty. When Lori finished she joined me moaning
and digging at her crotch while we stared awesomely at the bootlaces
twisting and entering Mona's pussy while she screamed at first then I
realized it was exciting her when her screams just turned to gasps and she
began thrusting her hips forward to meet the lash which was now wet from
her pussy juices. This must have had an awesome effect on Tim. He couldn't
wait to get her in bed. He just dropped his pants and shorts and stuck his
big dick in her stretched body to pump furiously while she moaned, "Yes!
Yes!! Yes!!! Make me forget the pain!""
    I had never seen a man's dick before. I had no idea they were so big or
that all of it would go into a pussy. I had never gone past the second
knuckle of my finger in mine. It was obvious that it not only fit but gave
a lot of pleasure to her. She was giving little squeals of enjoyment and
when he put her nipple in his mouth she yelled, "Bite it! Make me come!"
    She came so hard she fainted. We took her down and helped Tim carry her
to the bedroom then offered to put salve on her. She didn't wake up, she
just moaned and smiled in her sleep. 
    Tim seemed contrite when we went back to the kitchen to drink water to
wet our dry mouths from our panting in excitement.
    "We got carried away tonight. I should have made sure it was alright
with you before having you participate. This must be kept our secret. If
anyone knew you would be taken from us. If any of you would like to be
transferred to another home we will understand."
    None of us wanted to go. To prove we could keep a secret. Pat said we
knew we should not have been spanked naked but we had never told the
juvenile lady about it when she made her monthly visit to check on us.
    That seemed to convince him. He gave us all kisses and hugs then Lori
said shyly , I have never seen a man's peter before. Could we see it
again?"
    Tim said, "I think you should earn that because you will not only see
it I will guarantee you have great orgasms. I think you should know what
Mona felt like when you whipped her. If you agree that Pat should give
Betty ten spanks with the cane, Betty give Lori ten lashes on her boobs,
and Lori give Pat ten lashes with the laces on her pussy you can have your
wish."
    "It really excited you girls to whip Mona didn't it?"
    Pat and Lori began to babble about not being able to help it and
apologizing. They shut up and agreed when I said, "I feel real guilty I hit
her so hard and enjoyed doing it. She can give me the whipping we gave her
if she wants to." 
    Tim said, "I only want you to know the pain you caused."
    I thought he was being generous since we really owed twenty and started
toward the barn but he said it would not be necessary to tie us for only
ten.
    We could not blame him for what happened next as he was just an
interested bystander.
    Lori held my arms as I laid naked over the desk to be caned. It really
hurt much more than a whip and too much to become excited. I felt even
guiltier knowing I had hit Mona at least that hard and for forty. My bottom
was still burning and aching when all of us had been punished.
    Pat held Lori tightly with Lori's back to her chest while I whipped her
breasts. I could not tell if I was hitting as hard as Lori had hit Mona or
not since Lori's boobies were smaller and did not bounce like Mona's. It
must have hurt a lot because she screamed at every lash.
    Lori and I had screamed and cried but it became obvious that the
bootlaces gave enough excitement to conquer the pain. Pat just moaned and
shuddered while I held her legs over her head with her butt on a table so
all her pussy could be hit. When Lori finished the ten Pat cried, "No!
don't stop. I am almost there! She got eleven more before it was obvious
she had gone into a mindblowing orgasm.
    Now it was our turn for orgasms! Tim was fantastic! He managed to get
us all to cum at least once before he did by working us up. Since Pat was
still excited he laid on his back and had her let herself down on his big
dick. Then he had me straddle his face to put in his tongue while at the
same time he had his fingers in Lori's pussy.
    When Pat fell back in exhaustion he moved me from the tongue that was
making me gasp in pleasure to feel the stretching of my pussy from his dick
so big there was constant contact with my clit while Lori replaced me on
his face. I seemed to go from one orgasm to another for hours but I am sure
it was just a few minutes. When Lori sank on his dick  she was only able to
get one orgasm until he pulled her off and we saw  some white slippery
stuff shoot out of it to cover his stomach.
    Tim explained that the white stuff was sperm and he had to pull out
because it could make Lori pregnant and to make sure there was none in her
she should douche.
    We went to the bathroom where he took what looked like a large dick
with holes in it and attatched to a tube. He had Lori get into the tub and
squat then screwed the end of the tube into the the flex hose of the shower
head. He turned on the water until the temperature was right then slowly
slipped it into her pussy. She gasped then closed her eyes and began
pumping her hipsto plunge the thing into her pussy as water sprayed out of
her lips until she became so excited she grabbed his hand holding the
douche and began pushing it in and out rapidly until she sighed and laid
back in the tub.
    Tim turned off the water and went to bed but Pat and I had to know what
that felt like and gave each other douches until we got orgasms.
    We all went to bed but for us it was not to sleep. We stayed up real
late to compare notes on what our different experiences felt like and even
licked each other's pussies to see how Tim had felt. We had assumed that
would be gross and was surprised to find out we did not taste bad and that
it was fun to make the one being licked squirm in pleasure.
    We hurried home after school anxious to see if we would get orgasms
again. We were disappointed when Mona just assigned our regular chores as
if nothing had happened the night before. When Tim arrived we ran to him
for hugs but after giving us a hug and a kiss on our forehead he just told
us to wash up for dinner.
    We began to whisper in the bathroom completely confused by their
attitude. We even compared notes to make sure we had not dreamed the whole
experience.
    Dinner lasted forever with just small talk. Suddenly I remembered my
offer of accepting the same punishment as Mona. I knew it would hurt very
much but at least the pussy whipping would make up for it.
    While they were sipping coffee I said hesitantly, "Mona. I feel awfully
guilty about hurting you so badly last night. I would feel better if you
whipped me like we did you."
    She seemed surprised. "Tim said that you had already accepted
punishment for that."
    "No. That was not the same, we shared just a little of your pain. I
think I should suffer all of it."
    "You must be very brave. Are you sure? That was the most painful thing
that ever happened to me."
    "That is why I feel so guilty. I know Tim would never have hurt you as
much as we did. Please do it."
    Pat joined in to say, "Yes whip me too. and Lori said, Me too. I knew I
was hitting your breasts too hard but I just got too excited."
    Mona said, "No. Betty seems sincere. She can accept the punishment for
all of you. You should be grateful to her." 
    When I was hung up I began to think of myself as Jesus Christ. I was
sacrificing myself for my friends. I decided to be very brave. They let me
hang there while Tim and Mona said I looked beautiful. I believed it and
felt proud knowing how great Mona had looked while hanging like this." 
    Mona said, "I think Tim should do the whipping so you can all learn how
to do it properly."
    I found out what she meant. Tim began hitting me easy increasing the
pain to match my excitement. I was so excited when he began whipping my
tits I tried to push them out to meet the whip and had one orgasm after
another during the whipping of my pussy.
    As soon as he finished he told the girls to let me down then Tim and
Mona rushed to the house.
    I got a lot more orgasms. The whipping scared Pat and Lori so they were
really grateful. They kissed and sucked on my nipples and licked my clit
until I begged them to stop because I could just not cum anymore.
    The next night Tim and Mona said they wanted to reward me for being so
brave. They introduced me to everything possible to give sensuous pleasure
including the joy of giving Tim pleasure with blow jobs. Meanwhile the
girls just looked on jealously.
    It was obvious to all of us that if we wanted great sex it was
necessary to have pain. The more pain the greater the sex after it was
over.
    Tim and Mona said that they could only provide great pleasure to one
girl a night. We began to compete with each other in volunteering to suffer
pain. It became a real challenge because they said they did not want to
repeat things when Pat and Lori offered to be whipped as Mona and I had.
    The pain did not have to be terrible. It just had to be different and
interesting to them. They would refuse things that would make terrible
bruises or scar us. We all were excited by different things so we provided
a lot of variety for them.
    I was fixated on my breasts which seemed to be growing daily. Pain to
them excited me and everyone else. Even better they would swell and throb
after punishment which made me think that the punishment would make them
grow until they would be as big as Mona's.
 Pat loved having her butt punished while Lori liked something happening to
her pussy and the area close to it. Pat and I liked pain to our pussies too
but we liked to be able to be highly excited by pain to our butts and
breasts first. That was best for us because the sessions would last longer
to make sure we were beginning orgasms when our reward of being licked by
Mona or fucked by Tim began.
    Lori was awesome! She would suggest terrible things be done to her
pussy. Like asking Tim to burn it with his cigarette or whip it with barbed
wire. She was always refused these things and I was not sure if she was
serious or just trying to show off. She did have things done I was afraid
to try though such as covering it with clothespins then having them ripped
off by a whip.
    We borrowed ideas from each other. When Lori came up with the idea of
clothespins on her pussy I offered to have it done to my tits and Pat
offered to do it on her butt.
    The skin on Pat's butt was too tight to hold clothespins so Tim got
some alligator clips from the hardware store. The little teeth would hold
and must have really hurt when they were ripped off leaving little raw
places where they had been.
    We still got our whipping on Wednesdays and Fridays for our grades but
they would let us choose the amount to each of our exciting areas. When I
earned seventy I had them put ten on my butt, forty to my tits and twenty
to my pussy. That created so much pain and orgasms I passed out.
    We found it was more exciting to be tied for our whipping and to be
left tied in positions to present our sexy parts for the whip for a while
to build up excitement in anticipation of the pain to come.
    I decided I wanted all my sexy parts to be hit but I did not want to
pass out. I asked them to tie me hanging from the ceiling with straps arund
my thighs then ropes from my ankles to the floor to hold me in the shape of
a capital "T." 
    I asked for thirty lashes each to my butt, boobs, and pussy with the
bootlace whip. They knew the lace whip would not hurt very much but agreed
because the position would be interesting.
    The position causing me to do the "Splits" opened the lips of my
pussyand my butt cheeks. When he whipped my butt he brought the whip down
the crack of my butt to hit the tender center. I became so excited I was
screaming "Yes!" with every lash. and when he went to my tits he stepped in
front of me to forehand and backhand one breast at a time with each lash
dragging the knots over my nipples. I was already in orgasm when he began
on my pussy with the lashes to my pussy coming right down the center to let
at least one lace to hit and drag on my clit every time. My orgasms kept
getting stronger with the perfect climax when Tim stepped between my legs
to lick my sting clit while Mona sucked and nibbled on my tingling nipples.
    Then Tim said that he would make fucking us extra special. It was
fantastic!  While Tim fucked us Mona would grease up a fake rubber dick to
push in and out of our assholes. There are a lot of nerves in there and
that combined with the fullness of having both holes worked at once was
great. Each time she used a bigger fake dildo until we could take Tim's big
dick in it. That was great because we could bounce up and down on his dick
in our assholes while the other girls could use leather straps to spank our
breasts and pussies. Having all parts being stimulated at the same time
gave us mindboggling orgasms.
    They also made suggestions where we could control our own pain making
it minimal or very strong.
    I accepted the suggestion that alligator clips be put on my nipples
then strings attached to run over pulleys in the ceiling. every ten seconds
a pound weight would be put on the string to each nipple. For every ten
seconds I stood there without screaming I would be licked ten seconds by
the person of my choice. Pat loved being licked but had told me she felt
very humiliated having to do it while everyone watched. I knew I would
choose her just to enjoy the power of forcing her to do it.
    If no weights had been added it would have been bad since the clips
really bit on my nipples. Each second that went by and each weight
multiplied the pain but I knew I would need at least a minute of licking
even if I was on the verge of orgasm.
    In spite of the pain I looked down in fascination to see my nipples
stretch as my boobs were lifted closer and closer to my face. It became a
challenge and I wanted to see just how much they could stretch but as the
fifteenth weight was put on my left breast the clamp ripped off my nipple
and the pain was so great I screamed.
    At least I had earned one hundred and fifty seconds of pussy licking
which allowed my orgasms.
    Lori accepted the suggestion of having a rough hemp rope pulled up into
her pussy and butt crack by weights. If she had stood quietly she could
have taken a lot of weight but when the top of her crack formed a wrinkle
she began to move back and forth sawing the rough rope into the slit of her
pussy and over her asshole. In a few seconds she brought herself to orgasms
so strong she screamed and the weights were taken off.
    Pat and I wanted to try it too but changed our minds when we saw poor
Lori's pussy. She had rubbed it raw and she was so sore she could not go to
school the next day and had to put off the fucking from Tim she had earned.
    The four of us must have been more than Tim could handle because he
began bringing strange men home with him. Sometimes two or three a night.
    We girls were delighted because they were all different and we were
fascinated by their different sized and shaped dicks. We thought Mona was
very generous to let us have them without joining in. The men were
overjoyed to find that after we had undressed for them we would offer to
have them whip or spank us if they would fuck us later. We were really
proud when one of the men said that we were fantastic, He had not been able
to get hard for three fucks since he had been a teenager.
    Later I had a man that was just fantastic. He had a very thick but not
too long dick that filled me completely. He laid back and had me gyrate on
his dick while he whipped my tits, stomach, and butt with the bootlace whip
while I came over and over. I was hugging him as I walked him to the door
while he squeezed and patted my tingling bottom. When he left he thanked
Tim for having him over and said, "That is the best money I ever spent."
Tim looked at him disapprovingly and shook his head.
    I realized then that he was charging for our services but I didn't
care. The other girls and I were having a great time and it explained why
they no longer complained about being poor and Mona would buy us new
clothes especially sexy little panties and bra's.
    We didn't think we were doing anything wrong but Tim and Mona had
warned us that some people who did not know how exciting pain could be
might not approve so we kind of kept to ourselves at school. We really felt
superior to the other girls and giggled at their fantasies about what sex
would be like. They had no idea! They thought we were giggling because we
were shy and embarrassed by their talk but we just thought they were silly
and ignorant. The fact that they wanted to try sex just helped us believe
we were doing the right thing.
    Tim began to bring even more men home and it turned into a big
production. Mona would put on music so we could dance while taking off our
clothes then we would go to the men and if they were not excited enough by
our dance we would ask for a spanking for our failure to excite them. That
always worked and often more than one guy would get excited by our
spanking. Having two men was great. Mona said she did not want us to be
exhausted before we were fucked so they just used leather straps or the
lace whip which just stung enough to get us excited. With two men we could
be hung from our wrists and whipped on the back and front at the same time.
Better yet, we could be whipped as long as we wanted. When we were at the
height of excitement we could stop the whipping by saying, "Please fuck
me." We would be fucked in the ass and pussy at the same time. It was
fabulous!
    It went on like that for years. No-one was interested in adopting us
because we were too old. When the lady came around every month to check on
us and asked if we wanted to move to another foster home we always said we
were happy with Tim and Mona. With all the exercise from dancing and
fucking we were real healthy so she let us stay and eventually just saw us
every six months.
    We were really happy. Mona would take us shopping once a week and let
us buy anything we wanted and give us nights off to go to a movie. The boys
at school tried to date us but we knew they were too silly and
inexperienced to make us happy so we refused until they gave up. Mona got
us prescriptions for birth control pills as soon as we were menstruating so
we would not have to worry about getting pregnant.
    She also had mail order catalogues that we could order from if we did
something really special.
    Tim was real careful who he brought home with him. Only friends or
friends of them were invited.  They were always encouraged to think of
things we could do to entertain them. Before long we were having little
plays to satisfy fantasies.
    Mona and Tim seemed to enjoy making costumes and sets for our fantasy
plays. Tim even bought a camcorder so he could film them on video tape to
watch later.
    We would be told what fantasy was to be performed and if we all wanted
to do it we would cut cards to see who won. If none of us wanted to do it
because it sounded too painful they would ask us what we wanted most out of
catalogues until one of us would volunteer for that item plus the incentive
of having the other girls even Mona to be our slaves for the next day to do
anything we wanted that would excite us.
    The men would give Tim their fantasy which would be scheduled as soon
as the set and costumes if any, were ready. There were always a lot of men
at our Saturday night plays even if it was not their favorite. Some of the
fantasies requested by the men did not involve pain. For one there was just
a big bed on the stage and we would act like we were at a pajama party.
Then we would have a contest to see who could be the sexiest dancer which
would lead to being licked and our nipples sucked. Even without pain it was
still exciting to do it in front of the men seated in chairs next to the
stage. Even if we didn't cum from being licked we knew we would be fucked
more than once when the scene ended.
    Another one the men liked was when Mona acted as if she was a boss that
had caught one of us stealing and forced the girl to eat her pussy and lick
her asshole to stay out of jail. We all became good actresses because of
course we would have licked her without threats.
    Almost all of them involved at least a little pain. In one all of us
participated. We were supposed to be in a beauty parlor and had our legs
and pussies waxed so all the hair could be pulled off. That made us rub our
now bald pussies to make us excited enough to lick each other. Tim liked
that one especially since our bald pussies made us look even younger.
    In another Tim acted as if he was a school principal punishing Pat for
talking in class. He made her take off all her clothes then spanked her big
round bottom with a big paddle till she cried that she would suck his dick
if he stopped. The men cheered when he pulled out his dick to cum all over
her face.
    One scene scared all of us. In it the scene was set in colonial times.
A girl would be declared an adulteress. She was to be whipped all over her
naked torso until she bled and then a capital "A" would be branded on her
just above the crack of her pussy. We all shuddered and said "No!" until
Tim explained that he had figured out a way to do it without really
hurting. They had gobs of catalogues on S&M, magic, and theatrical
supplies. He had ordered a fake whip and blood. The whip was a real leather
whip but it had a supply of blood that could be sent down the whip to
squeeze out between the braids to leave blood on our bodies. He let us all
try it. The whip still hurt but not as much as a real one since it was
hollow and when he squeezed the handle a stripe with dripping blood would
appear on our skin. For the branding the pot of flame the brand was put in
had a cup of red paint at the bottom the brand rested in. He had put a wick
around the edges of the pot from a kerosene stove going to kerosene under
the cup. When he lit it there was a lot of flame but when we looked inside
the brand was below the flame. When he pulled out the brand made of wire so
we could touch it, it just felt warm. We giggled as he put "A,s" on our
breasts and tummies. He said if it was a real brand steam would come off
our skin but with the pot smoking in front of us it would look real.
    We went from all saying "No" to begging to be the adulterer. We cut
cards and I won. Mona had shopped at thrift stores till she found an old
fashioned dress she altered to fit me. 
    When the night came we had a crowd. There must have been twenty men. I
was so excited I could hardly wait to feel the first lash. I had to keep
reminding myself that I must act frightened and scream at each lash. 
     I was hanging from the ceiling with my legs tied apart with a board
with leather cuffs on the end to hold my ankles, facing a curtain. I heard
Tim telling the audience that I was a filthy adulteress that must be
punished to prevent other girls from also becoming harlots.
    When the curtain opened they saw me hanging there fully clothed. Tim
looked real scary. He was shirtless with black pants and boots with a black
leather hood on his head. Tim had that evil looking whip coiled in his
fist. He looped it around his neck then came over to rip off my dress then
the cotton slip I wore under it. 
    He turned my back to the audience then began whipping my back starting
at my shoulders then working down just hard enough to sting and make me
excited enough to yearn for the lashes to my butt that would stimulate
nerves closer to my pussy. As I was instructed I made little screams at
each lash although normally I would have been able to take them
silently.When he got to my thighs just below my butt the area was teder
enough to make my squeals real but as he started back up someone yelled,
Harder! Make her scream!"
    He began hitting much harder and the whip began making a "Splat!" sound
as he began squeezing the handle to send out the fake blood. What I had not
counted on was that the leather would soak up the blood to make it heavier
and hurt much more. By the time he got to my armpits I was screaming for
real. When he turned me around to face the audience I was sobbing from the
unsexy pain to my back. He whispered, "Nice acting job!" but I was not
acting I really hurt bad.
    When I was facing the audience he began whipping my thighs and working
up wards without squeezing the handle to just leave red lines from the wet
whip this was a much sexier area and my screams just turned to agonized
"Ahhs!" but this didn't satisfy them and again someone screamed, "Harder!
Make her bleed!" and others yelled "Yeah!" and "Go for it!"
    He began hitting harder and I looked down to see the fake blood spatter
as it hit but the extra pain just sent shock waves to my pussy and now my
screams were caused by my effort to get to orgasm. I looked down just as
the whip went across my boobs. It was unbelievable! The whip completely
buried itself in my firm boobs and it should have hurt terribly but I just
screamed as this fantastic shockwave made my body convulse into orgasm.
    He worked back down to my crotch then stopped to say to the audience,
"We had better warm up her pussy for the brand."
    He stepped further away and began making the last six inches of the tip
made of stiff rubber cut across my gaping pussy lips. The pain and
excitement became horrific and my orgasms began to make me hysterical as I
felt sure my pussy would be cut to shreds. after six or so he noticed blood
was oozing from the lines even though he was not squeezing the handle and
stopped.
    He whispered, "God! I didn't know this whip would cut. Are you
alright?"
    I moaned, "Oh shit! My pussy is on fire, but I came!"
    "Okay. Well the pain is all over."
     Then he dropped the whip and took out the brand to push it in just at
the top of my pussy slit.
    I don't know if Tim knew it or not but although the brand was below the
fire the rod holding it was not and neither was the paint. In the time it
took for my ordeal the brand and paint were near boiling hot. It did not
burn enough to leave a scar but it did burn. I let out a bloodcurdling
scream and fainted from an unreal orgasm.
    When I came to I was lying on the floor face down with a pillow under
my hips to elevate my ass. A man was grunting in the effort to jam his dick
into my ass. Then it was one after another using my pussy, ass, or mouth
one at a time or all together until I was totally exhausted and just laid
there sweating and panting as a final dick pumped into my numbed asshole.
    The next day was Sunday and our day off to have dinner at a restaurant,
shop and go to the movie. I think Tim felt guilty because he let me buy
some earrings that cost over a hundred dollars  and let me try lobster at
the restaurant which I loved. My pussy still burned a little in spite of
the salve but that just reminded me of the fantastic orgasms the ordeal had
brought.
    That night we watched my video. It really looked real. The girls said
the men had become so excited they had all cum at least twice. I could
understand it. I almost came just watching it as I caressed the "A" on my
pussy still red even though the paint had been washed off. Tim was so happy
with it he fucked me while Lori licked and stuck her tongue in my asshole
while Pat and Mona nibbled on my nipples. 
    When I fell into bed I slept so sound they had to shake me in the
morning to wake me for school.
    During the week a black man who had been in the audience came to our
place for sex. He had a really big dick and a lot of stamina. He was able
to fuck all three of us and gave us all orgasms before he couldn't get it
up again.
    Pat and I laid by his side caressing his dick hoping he might fuck us
again. His dick was so big even soft we both had our fists around it to
hold it up for loris to kiss and lick the head but he finally said, "It is
no use. Even if I did get hard, getting off would probably kill me."
    He got up and dressed just as Tim came in to collect a hundred dollars.
He paid him and then said, "I have an idea for your show. In my car I have
a strap my grandma said the Klan had used on her. She stole it from them so
they wouldn't be able to use it again. She told me she wished a white girl
could feel it to know how black folks were treated. It might be too much
though. she said her butt was so bruised and blistered she couldn't sit
comfortably for a week."
    Tim said, "God that sounds interesting. We are setting up for a
plantation scene. We were going to cover Betty with brown make-up and have
her whipped by an overseer but instead we could set it up where you were
getting revenge for a whipping. It would be best if you did it and there
were a couple of other black men to strip her and help tie her. Do you know
a couple of black guys who would want to participate."
    "Shit yes! I have a friend who swears he beat and raped a white girl I
think he just made it up but my other friend loves the idea and has had him
tell the story over and over. I'll show you the strap."
    He went out to his car and came back in carrying a really nasty looking
strap. It was about three feet long, six inches wide and almost a half inch
thick. I shuddered at the pain that could cause but to my surprise Pat took
it from him and stroked it with a glzed expression on her face.
    Tim said, "That looks pretty mean! How many spanks did she get and how
was she positioned."
    "They gave her forty spanks tied over a pine log."
    Tim said, "I don't know if any of the girls would volunteer for this
and it could put her out of action for awhile. Even if she would go for it
I would want four hundred dollars for her lost time."
    "Wow! That is steep but my friends would chip in as long as they could
fuck her too."
    Pat said excitedly, "I think I could take it. I have taken more and as
it goes on my butt gets numb so it doesn't seem so bad especially when I am
excited. I'll do it and fuck them too if I can have three hundred of the
money. I saw this great stereo I really want."
    Tim said, "I don't know. That is a big share since I have time and
expense in scenery and getting a log."
    John the black man, said, "No problem. I work at a sawmill. I'll get
the log and make a stand for it and set up the bondage just like grandma
described it."
    That convinced Tim. I knew as well as he did that the place would be
packed at thirty dollars a head plus fucking to make Pat's money a small
percentage.
    By Thursday the log was on the stage at waist height with a smaller log
about four feet long with straps on the ends to tie her ankles widely
apart.
    Pat got curious and took off her clothes to lie over it. She kind of
squirmed around then got up with an excited look and with a tremor said,
"Ooh. The bark is real splintery and it touches my whole front from my
pussy to my boobs. I will have to remember to lay real still."
    We both knew she wouldn't and couldn't if she really tried but I guess
she didn't want to admit she had become so perverse the idea excited her as
she picked a little splinter out of her boob and another from her pussy
then began caressing the places as her body trembled.
    The next Saturday the scene was to be the old south. Costume was not a
problem. Mona had found a ball gown, slip and petticoats so the men could
see a slow strip as they ripped off her clothes.
    The audience cheered when the curtain opened to see Pat struggling as
the men held her arms while John grinned waving the big strap. Obviously
there was little race prejudice in Oregon as white men began yelling, "Get
her good John!" and "Get her naked. That strap will really make her ass
hot!"
    They began ripping off her clothes to cheers from the audience and when
she was naked the faced her to the audience and pulled her legs apart to
strap her ankles to the small log. When she was bound the man holding her
put his knee against her butt to push her hips forward to show how her
pussy had opened then she gasped as John slapped it with the back of his
hand driving his middle finger deep in her slit.
    They laid her over the log and then tied her wrists to her ankles to
flatten her boobs against the splintery bark.
    She squealed when one of the men grabbed her sides and pulled and
pushed on her body to drive in stickers while saying, "She is tied good.
She won't be going anywhere."
    Lori and I shuddered when the first spank came. The thick strap sunk
into her butt cheeks and made the flesh ripple clear down to her thighs.
She screamed as her body pressed into and slid on the stickers.
    The one spank left a dark red six inch stripe on her butt.
    John took his time he rubbed the red stripe then laid another just
above it to bring on another scream as her body dug into the stickers.
 He rubbed the new mark the stepped back to put anoter stripe lower. This
brought on an agonized howl as I realized the severe bend around the log
had made her pussy lips pooch out to be reddened along with her butt.
    Just the three stripes covered her butt and I shuddered knowing there
were thirty seven more to be put on her butt which already had to be
burning. I felt sorry for her as tears rolled down her face and she fought
her bonds which only caused more damage from the stickers.
    Then he changed position to stand next to her side to bring the strap
down to cover her entire right butt-cheek with the end hitting her tender
inner thigh. This brought on another shriek and more struggles.
    He brought it down again the same way to her left cheek then rubbed her
butt again as she whimpered piteously only to bring the strap over his
shoulder to the center of her ass-crack with the end covering the whole
face of her pussy. The force caused her to slide forward on the log and
when they grabbed her maroon ass cheeks to drag her back into positionI saw
her boobs pulled up nearlt to her shoulders and I knew splinters were going
into the undersides of her tits.
    I couldn't stand it and said, "Tim! You have to stop this. They are
killing her."
    "Bullshit. The audience would kill me if I stopped them. Look at them!
Besides, she asked for it. Let her earn her three hundred. If it gets too
bad she will faint."
    He was right. The audience was going crazy. Some of them began to
chant, Harder,harder hit her again harder!" just like the football cheer.
    John went back to the same routine with three across and three down but
no only the ones hitting her pussy brought on agonized shrieks as blisters
began forming on her now swelling ass and her pussy had swollen to the
point it was being hit even on the sideways spanks.
    Finally it was over and John dropped his pants and drove his huge dick
in her pussy. To my amazement it went in easily and on the back stroke I
could see it was wet from her pussy juices proving even this terrible
ordeal had excited her.
    His powerful strokes slid her sweaty body on the splinter but she only
moaned and shuddered as I realized she was in orgasm.
    When John came they unstrapped her then one of the men bent her
backwards over the log to drive her blistered butt into the stickers while
the other man forced her mouth open to shove in his dick. Her head being
pulled back by her hair must have opened her throat because after some
gagging his dick slid in until his balls were slapping against her nose.
    When they stood her up her legs buckled and her head dropped either in
a faint or total exhaustion.
    Tim closed the curtain and men began yelling, "Bring out the girls
before we cum in our pants."
    Lori, Mona, and I made a fortune. Sometimes we were satisfying three
men at a time and they were so excited by what they had seen they came in
seconds. I fucked several before I had someone in me long enough to make me
cum.
    After a few weeks we began to think of ourselves as stars. Especially
since they would bring us candy or flowers and applaud like crazy when the
curtain opened. It must have been a big money maker for Tim because he
began having us rehearse the night before. The night without sex would make
us hornier than ever for Saturday.
    There were so many requests that Tim could sort through them to find
ones that would satisfy two or more of the men at once or else something
that appealed to him.
    He said he had found something that would satisfy three wishes Two men
wanted to see us whip each other rather than have Tim or Mona do it and a
third wanted to see how far our nipples and breasts could be stretched
before we screamed for mercy. I remembered how much it had hurt to have the
alligator clamps biting and pulling on my nipples and shuddered at the
thought.
    He decided to make a contest out of it. We would have clamps put on our
nipples then cords would be run over pulleys in the ceiling to a bucket.
Weights would be added to the bucket until one of us screamed. The first
one to scream would be given fifty lashes by the other two girls  Then
would have to stay tied up without any sex until the men all left.
    The girls were sure I would lose since I had told them I did not want
my nipples clamped again. They looked at me arrogantly and it made me mad.
I decided that I would make them scream if it killed me.
    It took a while to set up. Our ankles were tied to the floor so we
would be facing the audience then the bucket behind us in a space between
our bodies. He tied and re-tied the cords until they were all pulling
equally. It hurt from just the weight of the bucket but we were so excited
at the applause we knew we would hear when the curtain opened, the pain
just seemed to radiate through our bodies to make us tremble.
    Tim announced that we wanted to make love to them so bad we wanted to
have more of them. We would have a contest to see how much pain we could
stand to our nipples. The first girl to scream would get fifty lashes and
not be allowed to join in the orgy.
    The curtain opened to make us blink in the bright light of the
spotlights Tim had put in to get better videotapes. 
    There were several men who applauded loudly and cheered when they saw
us with our breasts already lifted just from the weight of the bucket.
    Tim made it last a long time. He would carefully put in a weight then
slowly count to ten before adding another. The pain slowly increased with
our excitement matching it till our boobs were finally holding so much
weight they would not stretch anymore. When one of us would have an orgasm 
we would shudder to increase the pain to the other two until we had huge
orgasms that provided this great relief. But then the excitement left with
the orgasm and all that was left was pure pain. 
Strangely Pat an Lori began to bend their knees to lift the bucket taking
the weight away from me. I thought they were really brave and sweet to give
me some relief but then Pat said "Now!" and they both jumped up to their
tiptoes. The entire weight of the bucket jerked on my nipples. The pain was
unreal and I screamed.
    The clamps were taken off and then I was tied facing the audience with
my legs spread wide and my arms stretched out and up to form an "X".
    The audience did not miss a thing. Pat stood behind me to bring the
thong whip up between my legs to slap the ends against my open gash while
Lori whipped my tits and inner thighs from my side. The men were cheering
and applauding while I incredibly worked up to another orgasm.
    The real torture came later. I had to hang there throbbing from the
whip and my muscles aching from my bondage while the girls were fucked in
every hole in many positions getting one orgasm after another until none of
the men could get another hardon.
    I realized the girls had planned ahead to make me scream and when we
went to bed I asked crying, "How could you be so mean to me? I thought we
were friends. The bucket almost ripped off my nipples and then you whipped
me a lot harder than you needed to."    
    They said they were sorry but they were jealous of me. With my big
boobs and tiny waist the men all wanted me first. They decided it was their
turn to be fucked all they wanted. I was flattered and vain enough to
understand. When they licked my nipples and pussy I forgave them
completely. 
    Tim really got into the video taping. He bought more cameras so he
could shoot from the sides as well as the front and another he could carry
around for closeups. Our customers didn't mind because they thought he only
taped the plays. Actually he cheated and had a lot of tape with us giving
blow-jobs or fucking them. We loved watching them on our big screen
giggling at the funny faces the men made when they came. Men orgasms were
the same. Some of the men looked like they were in great pain when they
came.
    I discovered that all girls did not like to be whipped in front of
audiences and fucked by several different men by accident. I got sick and
stayed home from school one day. When I went downstairs to the kitchen I
heard them talking and listened in.
    Tim was saying, "I have a great idea for the next play. All the men
love blowjobs. We are going to have a blowjob contest and I want all four
of you girls in it. The losing girls will get thirty lashes from the men
they were sucking for their poor performance."
    To my surprise Mona said, "No! Not me! I don't mind giving you blowjobs
but it will be terribly humiliating to give one to a strange man. What if I
should lose?! It frightens me to think of a stranger whipping me. You and
the girls do not hit too hard but they might! Please don't make me."
    Tim got angry. "You must do it. You have had a free ride too long. You
know you like all the things the money bought you. Several men have asked
me if you were ever going to do something other than just help tie the
girls. You don't even get naked. No more argument! If you do I will let
everyone in the audience whip you with the "Cat". You know you can't get
off from being whipped with that!"
    Mona began to cry and sob. "No! Not the "Cat" that hurts awful. I'll do
it! But just with the thong whip. Please!"
    I knew what she was talking about. Tim had ordered a "Cat of Nine
Tails" from a mail order company. It had tightly braided thong with knots
in them. We had all tried it and were bawling and begging for him to stop
by the fifth lash.
    When the other girls came home from school I told them what I had
heard. Like me they could not understand why Mona felt that way. Our only
regret was that we would have to share our men with her. We finally decided
that she just felt that way because she had never done it before and had no
idea how many orgasms she would get.
    We could hardly wait for Saturday to come but Mona seemed a little more
nervous every day. One day she asked Tim how he could keep the men from
hitting us too hard. She sobbed when he replied, "I have no intention of
keeping them from hitting hard. If you are so afraid just do a good job of
sucking cock. You know you can't be hit hard enough to break your skin with
the thong whip. Stop whining and earn your keep!"
    It was true that it would not cut, but it could leave some nasty welts.
Most of our customers were workmen and very strong. I loved their hard
bodies but I began to get a little worried too since they could really hit
hard if they wanted to. I just hoped I could get my man off first and
planned to use every trick I could to win.
    We dressed in gobs of clothes because Tim wanted to make a production
out of it. We wore button blouses, skirts, slips, bras, panties, garter
belts, nylons,and high heel shoes.
    We stood nervously facing them while Tim made the announcement that we
would go from man to man with each one taking off one article of clothing.
The man that took off the last article would get to tie us on our knees
with our legs spread. Then there would be an auction to see who would get a
blowjob from the girl auctioned. If the girl they got did not get them off
first they would be able to give her thirty lashes.
    The men did not get too excited about taking our clothes off since Mona
was the only one they had not seen naked but they had never been allowed to
whip us. They yelled and applauded at that prospect.
    They were all anxious to strip Mona not only because they had not seen
her naked but because it was obvious it was embarrassing her. The other
girls and I grinned at the men while they fumbled with all our buttons and
catches but Mona was blushing and was making little sobs. She would have
been better off if she had smiled like us. When they realized she was being
humiliated they made a point of probing or pinching her while making
comments about her tits or pussy to make her blush even more.
    When we were naked and went to the stage to kneel and spread our legs I
found out our hands would be tied behind us. My big advantage was gone. I
had found that by using one hand to stroke their dicks and the other to
play with their balls and asshole I could get them to cum quickly. Now all
I had to work with was my mouth and tongue.
    Tim began to auction us off one by one. I was proud to have my last bid
clear up to a hundred dollars but Mona was bid up to one hundred sixty. I
was disappointed because I thought I was prettiest but consoled myself with
the thought that they just wanted Mona because she was new and that it gave
them extra power to know she was not enjoying any part of this.
    The contest did not really test our skill because some men just cum
faster than others. Mona never had a chance, She just opened her mouth and
let her man fuck it. I heard her man yell, "Use your tongue, you stupid
cunt!" but that just made her cry harder. I almost won. My guy was really
panting when Lori's guy howled and shot cum down her throat. Mona and I
pulled our heads back but our guys grabbed our heads to have us finish
them. I could hear Mona gag when her man jammed his dick down her throat.
The guys must have been using some tricks to last as long as they could
because as soon as Lori's guy came the rest of the men came right away.
    It was time for our whipping.
    Tim told them to stand behind us bringing the whip down our front so
the audience could see everything and warned them not to hit our heads and
to take turns.
    Pat followed my lead by saying "Please don't whip me very hard. I don't
want to be too tired to fuck you."
    I was first and my guy swung the whip down so the ends splayed out to
cover my pussy while the heavier part closer to the handle buried itself in
my boob.
    It was only hard enough to make me gasp and shudder but the audience
cheered yelling, "Perfect!" and "Right on." so Pat was hit the same way to
make her gasp and leave a red striped wide at her pussy and narrower at her
tit.
    Now it was Mona's turn.  Mona had been sobbing so much she did not hear
what we said and when we were done she was still screaming "No. Don't hit
me!" while bending over to hide her front.
    Her man would yell, "Straighten up bitch! I want to hit your tits. Do
it or I will hit them really hard."
    She would straighten up for a second for one lash that would make her
scream and jump violently then hunker down and hide them. Tim got disgusted
with her. He said sternly, "Mona! If you don't straighten up and take the
whipping you earned, it is going to be a lot worse."
    That must have scared her because she straightened up and blubbered
while her man teased her with practice swings. Pat and I thought she was a
wimp too. She had given us more than thirty lashes and ten of them had just
been on our stomachs. We began to taunt her telling her that she had no
guts. She looked at us defiantly and straightened up to push out her tits.
    Now it was my turn again and this time the whip came down on the left
side of my face to cause a sharper sting to my pussy and make me yelp as
soneone in the front row exclaimed, "Good one! Her whole pussy jumped!"
    That left a lasting sting on my pussy and a throb to my boobs that
increased my excitement level but I knew the delay as the other girls were
hit would never let me get to orgasm.
    Whe Mona's turn came she again bent over and blubbered after being hit.
    That was the last straw for Tim. He tied her hair to a rope from the
ceiling and pulled up on it until she was standing as straight as possible
on her wide spread knees and the skin was pulled tight on her face. 
    He went in front of her and said, "I told you before we got started and
again a few minutes ago to cooperate. You must be punished for your
behavior so you will never be disobedient again!" Then he told the man
hitting her to show her no mercy.
    He didn't! He stepped to her side and brought the ends of the thongs so
hard into her pussy that the "Splat!" echoed around the room along with her
scream.
    Now it was my turn and I knew if I wanted to overcome the pain and get
to orgasm I would have to get the last twenty-eight in a row. I begged,
"Please keep hitting me to get it over with!"
    He evidentally didn't like waiting his turn either and began hitting
continuously with only slight delays for him to change position to send
lashes just to my boobs, inner thighs, or my pussy to eventually let me
convert all the pain to excitement and begin getting stronger and stronger
orgasms. Pat's guy did the same but Mona's guy was meaner. He would rest
the tong against her breasts and then say, "This one is going to bring your
tits up to your neck!" or rest the thongs against her pussy and say,
"Before I am done all these thongs will get inside you."
    Each time she would moan, No! Please no!" but since Pat and I were
finished we could see her anguish as lashes twisted her tits into grotesque
shapes or rip at her pussy until she passed out and hung by her hair.
    We were released for the good part for Pat and I as we went to the men
to be fucked either singly or two men at once. At one time I had dicks in
my pussy, asshole and mouth at the same time.
    Poor Mona did not fare as well. While she was fucking one Tim would let
others spank her butt or boobs to make her bounce fast on the dick inside
her until she collapsed in exhaustion from the pain and exertion of effort
to please.
    When she was let loose she just curled into a ball and cried. She was
obviously too exhausted for more sex so Tim carried her to bed while we
continued our sex orgy.
    The next day Tim had Mona stay naked all day so she could see the welts
on her body in all the mirrors to remind her of the consequences of
disobedience. Since she was hit on top of skin already welted there were a
lot of places she had oozed blood and her body had gobs of bruises. The
lesson broke her spirit and now she was no longer our mistress. She was one
of us and would only give or receive punishment like us. It was a lesson to
us too. We had never been disobedient but after Mona's ordeal we knew we
would not object to even more painful things without objecting.
    On Monday after school Tim forgave her and had us lick and kiss her
still bruised body to give her a nice orgasm. Afterwards she thanked us and
Tim for letting her get off and promised never to disobey again.
    On Wednesday Tim decided to test her acting skills and obedience. She
was to get on her knees and beg me to give her ten lashes on her left
breast then go to Pat to beg for ten more on her right one. Finally Lori
was to give her ten on her pussy. Tim told her to be sincere. We were to
believe she really wanted them or else she would get sixty on her splayed
pussy. I thought I knew why he had set it up that way. He knew Pat and I
got incredibly turned on from tit whipping and Lori could always cum from
torture to her pussy. I think he knew we would whip her the way we would
want to be whipped.
    She did a good acting job, I would have believed her if I had not known
better. At the end of her scripted speech she added, "Hit it hard. I
deserve it."
    I hit her hard enough to really hurt and cause her breast to jump and
stretch at each lash curious if she would lose her nerve to ask for the
other one to be hit.
    She gained a lot of respect when she crawled over to Pat right away to
ask for ten more especially at the end when she held her breast up by the
nipple so Pat could whip the white undersideto make her breast glow red all
over.
    I realized that Mona had become one of us when she went to Lori to beg
for the ten to her pussy. She laid on her back then brought her heels near
her butt to lift up her pussy. She began pumping up to meet Lori's lash and
obviously was orgasming by the pussy juice flowing from her red pussy.
    From then on Mona joined us in all the plays.
    The men loved the variety. Mona was twenty five with a great body, I
looked about seventeen with make-up, Pat about fourteen, and Lori with her
just budding tits and bald pussy looked about ten.
    The auction went so well that Tim had another only this time the high
bidders got us as slaves to do whatever they wanted until two AM. Men who
had not bid enough could only join in if our "Masters" let them. Some of
them got smart and pooled their money to bid. I realized what happened when
my "Master" shared me equally with two other men but no-one else. 
    It was just wild. If I was just fucking or sucking one the other two
would be whipping me to speed up the one to orgasm. The only time I was not
being whipped was when I serviced all three at once. They were so anxious
to cum they could no longer get erections in a couple of hours so they were
satisfied to just fondle me as they watched the other girls getting
tortured or fucked.
    We still had a few regular customers that came during the week but most
saved their money till Saturday so they could satisfy their wildest
fantasies.
    It was not all auctions. Sometimes the men would bring their own stuff
to perform an idea they wanted us to do. 
    Once I agreed to let a man make a dance costume for me by pushing shiny
thumbtacks into my breasts and pussy and then dancing a song before he
pulled them out. 
    When I had found out Tim was being paid for what the men were doing to
us for some reason I can't explain I made signs out of my notebook paper
saying "PLEASE WHIP THE WHORE, FIVE LASHES, TEN DOLLARS." I used straight
pins to put the whore sign on my stomach and the price signs on my breasts
and pussy. I danced in front of the girls wearing the signs and it turned
out to be a joke. They laughed and in deep voices said, "Yeah bitch, Gimme
ten on your tits!" and Lori said, "Yo! I'll take twenty on that cute pussy
to heat it up for my monster dick. We ended up laughing then they took off
my signs and licked the punctures and my clit till I had a great orgasm.
    Since that had not hurt bad and I was curious what it would feel like
being fucked with tacks in the lips of my pussy I went for it. It hurt a
lot more than I imagined especially when he pushed them into my nipples
because they were thicker than the pins and the points were not very sharp.
When he pushed them in they did not slide in easily like the pins. They
just seemed to rip into my skin. They hurt all through the dance and he
wiggled them when he took them out to make it hurt as much as possible. He
was impressed by my bravery and rewarded me by eating my pussy before he
fucked me.
    Mona let a man celebrate his fiftieth birthday by glueing fifty little
candle holders to her breasts and then put in fifty little candles which he
lit. The thing was she was supposed to blow out the candle by shaking her
tits while tied on her back to the floor. It didn't work! The more she
shook the more wax was flung off the candles to coat her tits with hot wax.
The further they burned down the more panicked she became. The wax that
close to the flame must have hurt a lot falling on her nipples. She didn't
need to panic. When the candles burned down to the holders they went out. I
think everyone was surprised when she went into orgasm considering how
frightened she seemed to be.
    I think the wildest thing was what happened to Lori. One of the men had
been to a side-shoe where this man represented as an Indian Fakir was
suspended in the air by hooks through his skin. Lori agreed to do it. She
said she wanted thirty hooks!
    That night we argued that would be horribly painful but Lori laughed
and said it was a trick and that she had read about it. If they would
squeeze and pull the skin out to put in the hooks the nerves would be
deadened and the blood pushed away so there would be no blood. She only
weighed ninety pounds so if they used thirty hooks she would only have a
three pound pull on each hook.
    Saturday came and Tim and the man began putting in the hooks while the
rest of the men stared in fascination. I don't think she planned on having
almost all the hooks put in her breasts and pussy lips with only four on
the sides of her stomach. They tied her wrists to her ankles and slowly
began pulling down on the heavy nylon line running from pulleys in the
ceiling to the fish hooks piercing her skin.
    She was on her knees and leaning back as the skin on her pussy and tits
began to stretch. When it wouldn't stretch anymore her knees began to leave
the floor. As she went up they pulled harder on the lines to her pussy
until she was laid out facing up horizontally. The way her tits had
stretched into cones must have frightened her because she let her head hang
back to whimper as she watched the audience clapping and cheering as she
was slowly raised to waist level.
    Then they did something not even mentioned. Tim had the top four
bidders come up on the stage and while one fucked her ass or pussy the
other fucked her mouth in a perfect position with her head tilted back.
They pushed and pulled on her while she was filled at both ends causing her
tits and pussy lips to be jerked and stretched alarmingly. 
    Tears were rolling out of her eyes but the men didn't care. When they
finished they just told the men taking their place that the position made
it real easy to get their dicks down her throat and buried in her asshole.
    Finally the fourth man came and they let her down so Tim and another
man could remove the hooks. Since the hooks had barbs they just cut them
with wire cutters to take them out.
    It made the men super horny so they kept Pat, Mona, and I filled with
hard dicks for a long time. We also got a taste of what Lori had felt
because the men would pinch our nipples to pull them out as far as they
could while they fucked us to see our breasts stretch.
    Eventually the sets and costumes became more elaborate and our shows
must have become more expensive because most of our original customers in
the working class were replaced by richer people who I recognized from TV
as lawyers, politicians, and store owners.
    Along with the sets our pain changed and increased. We no longer got
simple spankings or whipping. Tim began going to the college library to do
research. He made tables with winches on the ends to stretch us till our
joints hurt to be whipped, a big wheel we could be tied to then turned
upside down or sideways, big wood clamps to squeeze our breasts, and a
coffin shaped box we would be put in so long needles could be pushed
through holes in it to pierce our skin with no chance to move out of the
way.
    The worst was the Nazi interrogation room he made. We would supposedly
be spies and Tim and one of Tim's old friends would dress up in Nazi
uniforms to torture information from us. That was so bad we could not get
excited enough to overcome the pain. He would attach electric wires to our
pussies and nipples with alligator clips then send electricity to them. It
would not be bad at first but as our excitement increased he would increase
the amount of voltage and speed of the pulses till we were screaming and
the muscles in our breasts and pussies would jump under the shocks until we
could not take any more and would become unconscious.
    In my final scene I was told that in my torture I would be asked who my
partner in spying was. If I couldn't take any more I could name any of the
girls but whoever I named would have her nipples burned with a red hot
metal rod and I would be hung by my breasts for a whipping with the "Cat".
He had always had a pot of burning charcoal with metal rods or brands in it
but I had thought it was just for effect and would not be used.
    I was tied upside down then he jammed a big drippy christmas candle in
my pussy and lit it. It was not bad at first. The hot wax fell on the
underside of my breasts and when I clenched my pussy muscle the candle
would move to spread the drops around. As the candle burned shorter the
drops began to slowly climb up my stomach getting hotter each drop. The
audience was dead silent staring raptly as the drops came closer and closer
to my pussy.
   The burning kept creeping higher and hotter with each drop until I knew
I could never let the flame hit my clitoris. Amidst the pain I was
thinking. I could never let my friends have their nipples burned but Mona
had caused me to be in this position. It became so quiet in the room I
could hear a "Sisss." sound as the hot wax contacted my sweat drenched
body. I took it as long as I could but when the first drop dribbled into my
pussy I panicked and yelled, "It was Mona! She made me!"
    They took me down and Tim began tightening cord around the base of my
tits till they were hard round balls then hooked a rope to the center of
the cord and began to pull up on it. He quit when I was on tip-toes to go
where Mona had been tied tightly to the wall holding a rod with a red-hot
tip. She was crying hysterically.
    Mona never got to feel the rod burn her nipples or I to see how it felt
to hang by my breasts.
    Suddenly with a loud crash, the door exploded and police came in
yelling, "You are all under arrest!"
    It was a terrible scandal. The police took all of his video tapes and
used them to arrest people all over town. They were charged with statutory
rape to assault. You might have read about it.
    Pat, Lori, and I were not arrested since they considered us victims.
Since we were under-age and they had all the tapes as evidence we did not
have to testify.
    It may have been better to be thrown in jail. They tried to kill us
with kindness. We were put in mental hospitals to relieve our "traumas".
    The more I told them that I was not mad at Tim and Mona and was simply
excited by the sex and pain the more concerned they seemed to get.
    I began writing this out of pure boredom. All I could do was eat,
sleep, and go to boring therapy sessions with doctors who had no idea what
they were talking about. They kept digging back into my past to find out
what terrible thing I had done to make me feel guilty enough to want pain.
They just would not believe sex and pain was joy. The nurses cringed when I
suggested they try it.
    I became totally frustrated thinking I would be there forever but then
one night one of the guards came into my room and asked if it was true that
I liked sex and pain. I told him it was true and that it seemed I was a
very special person. He agreed and told me to take off my clothes and then
he fucked me. It had been so long I thought I would get an orgasm but I
just got a little excited. He said, "That did not do much for you. Let's
add a little pain. I'll have to use this because my belt would make too
much noise." While he was saying that he was straightening the wire from a
coat hanger. When it was straight he said, "Do I need to gag you?" I told
him he did not have to unless he wanted to because I would not scream.
    He had me lie across my bed then began to spank me with the wire. He
was right! It made very little sound when it hit but it stung even though
he did not hit too hard. He became convinced I loved the feel of it when I
rolled over so he could hit my breasts and pussy. When he fucked me after
that he was really happy to know I had multiple orgasms.
    I didn't mind the place so much then and the doctors seemed glad I was
more cheerful and had become more modest. I had pulled my skirt high and
had left buttons unbuttoned on my top hoping to get the doctors excited
enough to want to fuck me. Now I kept covered to hide the welts left by the
wire. They interpreted it as their therapy working.
    Unfortunately we could only do the same thing over and over silently
and it lost the thrill.  
    Finally I told him that I didn't want to do it anymore and cried that I
had to get out of there or else I would kill myself.
    He took pity on me and told me to tell them my father had fucked me
when I was very small and then he had died and that I blamed myself. He
said that I had remembered it in a nightmare to explain my sudden change in
attitude. It worked! I cried a lot and said I never wanted to be hurt again
and I was turned over to the juvenile authorities. By then I was sixteen so
they found me a job in a video store and a little apartment since I did not
want to go back to school. As soon as I could I went to Pat and Lori to
tell them how to get out. In a few months they were out and we took off to
San Francisco.
    We started out as nude dancers then began doing S&M at stag parties.
Now we are Movie stars again. We are actresses in S&M videos. 
    It is fantastic. We can experiment with all kinds of bondage and pain
while making enough money to have a nice house with a swimming pool and
cars.
    I have a special friend who is an investment broker. He pays me a lot
to be his slave and tells me where to invest my money so I will be rich
when I get too old to be an actress.
    He is about twenty years older than me and usually only gets horny
enough to see me two or three times a week but those times are fabulous. He
is real inventive and is always coming up with new things to give me just
the right amount of pain and humiliation to make me cum.
    He is married and has children. He said his wife bores the hell out of
him but he enjoys his kids so he never plans to divorce her. That is fine
for me because if he was single he might want me all to himself and I would
get bored with the same man all the time.
    He has a lot of free time and really enjoys it when I ask him to come
to the set to watch me act in the movies. I like it too because if there is
a scene that really turns me on but I am not hurt enough he will repeat it
for me at home with the additional pain I need.
    Between the ideas the screenwriter came up with and his which I
sometimes passed on to the director I have been able to get massive
orgasms.
    He likes Lori and Pat too and watching us whip each other really turns
him on. Once he came up with an idea that caused me so much pain and
excitement I thought I would have a heart attack.
    He took Pat, Lori, and me out to the woods for the extra excitement of
pain and sex in the open. He had rented a four wheel drive van and took us
way out in the woods and to the top of a mountain. It had all been logged
with no-one around so we could scream all we wanted.
    He found a snag tree to hang Pat and Lori from back to back so I could
whip them with forehands and backhands to their tits, stomach and pussies.
When we had become real excited he took them down so we could form a daisy
chain to eat each other's pussies and suck his dick till we came.
    When we had rested he brought out cold champagne and a big picnic
lunch. We drank champagne till we felt giddy then he said it was Pat and
Lori's turn to whip me.
    He led us over to a clearing where he had made what looked like a
sawhorse by bolting legs on a split cedar post. It was loaded with
stickers. He had me straddle it and at first I could keep my pussy and
asshole from being stuck by gripping the sides with my thighs and pushing
down with my hands. It was not to last. He pulled my legs apart to tie my
ankles to the ground then pulled up my hands to tie my arms to my hair. I
had to sit very quietly to keep from getting stuck. That didn't last
either. Pat began whipping my back and butt while Lori whipped my tits and
stomach to make me move on the log. It felt like I was going to be cut in
two at the same time gobs of stickers stuck and broke off in my pussy lips,
assholes and butt crack. The pain was terrible but fantastic. I began to
pump back and forth as my orgasms became stronger and stronger till I
passed out.
    When I came to Lori was sitting on his face while Pat was bouncing
furiously on his dick. Both of them were squealing in excitement. I started
to roll over to crawl over to them but when I closed my legs I felt
hundreds of punctures. I was too exhausted to get excited by it so I just
laid there with my legs spread till they finished.
    When they had rested Jon went to the car to bring back three tweezers.
Incredibly having them move my pussy lips and asshole around to pull out
the stickers while I stood on wide spread knees with my whipped tits
rubbing on the pine needle covered ground got me fabulously excited.
    When all the stickers were out Pat and Lori licked my pussy and asshole
while jon lifted me enough to get under my tits to lick and nibble on my
nipples.
    When I was whipped on the set the next day it seemed almost boring in
comparison.
    I have a great life. I really feel sorry for all those dumb bitches in
their nothing jobs with no excitement in their lives. I can hardly wait to
get up to see what new adventure awaits me.
    My only regret is for all those men going to jail for doing something
we enjoyed so much.

                                  THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





