BDSM Library - Bobbie




Bobbie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lazy but pretty girl goofs off after graduation until parents force her to go to work in sleazy restaurent. boss has schedule of punishments for mistakes but bobbie learns to be thrilled by it.
                               Bobbie

  My folks did not have a lot of self-esteem obviously from my
oldest brothers birthday and from their wedding date my Dad had
gotten my mom pregnant in high school and she dropped out
without a diploma. My Dad had his but regretted not going to
college and used to give my older brothers and sisters and
myself big lectures on studying hard so we could be successful.
  I was three years younger than my sister and I guess
something went wrong because they had no problem making a four
point while I had an awful time just getting passing grades.
Actually it didn't bother me much. I hated school and didn't
really want to go to college. I couldn't understand why money
was so important. I was happy with enough food, clothes and
music tapes but Mom and Dad worked full time jobs plus part-
time just so they could have a nicer car or furniture.
  I was able to maintain a 2.3 average while my sister was home
to tutor me but when she went to college I began getting worse
grades.
  My folks had fits telling me that I had no excuse and was
just lazy. Once my Dad came home from his day job and saw me
listening to my walk-man when I should have been studying. He
got so mad he gave me a spanking with a piece of kindling wood
from the fire-place. It hurt awful with the sharp edges leaving
terrible bruises but even worse I was sixteen and thought I was
too old to be spanked.
  Mom didn't stick up for me and I got a few more before she
told him that it was too late because even if I got perfect
scores from then on I would never get my grade-point up to the
3.3 I needed to apply since the colleges had waiting lists.
  They made me feel worthless and it didn't help when I heard
Mom tell Dad that at least I was pretty and may find a man to
take care of me.
  Finally school was out and I barely managed to graduate. I
laid around the house for awhile used to the idea that summers
were for vacations until they came home and saw the house messy
with me lying in front of the TV.
  She said that she was not about to have a dependent that was
out of school and since I had no prospects for marriage I had
to find a job.
  That wasn't fair I was pretty and had a great figure of
thirty-six, twenty-three and thirty five and had a lot of
chances to date but all the boys wanted to talk about was cars
and sports and all they wanted to do was feel me up. Even the
one time I let a boy have sex it was nothing since he got so
excited just seeing me naked the whole thing just took seconds
and I had no thrill at all. 
  To keep peace I started looking for a job. There wasn't many
available and most of them wanted experience or skills I didn't
have. I finally found a job at a fast-food restaurant but I
wasn't fast enough for them and was fired.
  My folks were really pissed. Mom said if I couldn't hold a
job at McDonald's I couldn't hold one anywhere and I thought
for a moment I could just keep house but Dad said "She isn't an
idiot although she may be a little retarded and there is a job
out there somewhere she can do."
  They started asking around and reading the paper until Mom
saw an ad saying," Waitresses wanted. No experience necessary
but must be attractive. Five dollars per hour plus tips."
  She said, "This sounds perfect for you. You are attractive
and waitresses aren't under as much pressure as in the fast
food joints. Five dollars an hour plus tips should give you
enough salary to easily pay your way. You should make enough to
get a better car."
  I didn't care about a car my old "Beetle" my brother had
given me suited me fine. This was the "Grunge" era and it went
good with my old clothes.
  Mom had me call them and I made an appointment the next day.
Dad recognized the place and said "The girls wear pretty skimpy
costumes but that shouldn't bother you since you run around in
a string bikini."
  "Dad. That is different. All the other girls are wearing them
so I don't feel embarrassed. In this place everyone will be
dressed except me."
  "No. All the girls will be wearing the same thing you are and
I am sure it will help you get tips."
  Mom agreed adding, "I know you can qualify for this job. You
had better tell me you have been hired when we get home
tomorrow night or we will know you didn't try and both of us
will spank you."
  That was a terrible threat and I decided to try my best to
get the job. If I hated it I hoped they would let me quit.
  As I said "Grunge was in fashion so I wore my favorite
outfit. A pair of mens coveralls with the sleeves cut off and
the legs cut off at the knees. It was real loose and
comfortable and I didn't have to wear a bra which I hated in
the summer since it made my boobs hot.
  I checked in at the cashier and she said that he was busy but
would let him know I was here and that she would fill me in on
the job. While I waited for her to come back I looked out at
the restaurant. Dad had not exaggerated at the skimpy costumes.
It just consisted of a hip-hugging micro-skirt and a top with a
square neckline cut off just below the boobs. I realized I
would be almost as naked as I was in my bikini but that didn't
bother me much since I had enjoyed the admiration at the beach
and thought the costumes should draw good tips.
  The cashier came back and said, "The salary is five dollars
per hour and the girls average about a hundred a day in tips.
The work is simple. All the items in the menu are numbered and
you just have to write down the number and the drink on your
pad and hang it on the hooks for the cooks. The customers are
mostly truckers and expect fast service. You don't have to add
up the bill. I do that for you. What do you think?"
  "Gee it sounds great. Do you think he will hire me?"
  "I don't know. The food is average here. The main drawing
card is pretty near naked waitresses. Business grows every
month.In that outfit I can't see your figure and if you are
fat, you're out of here."
  "I don't have time to change but I have a good figure."
  "Well maybe but most girls with good bodies like to show them
off. It is up to him. You might not want the job anyway. There
are drawbacks. He has a lot of rules and if you break them you
will be punished. Fortunately the punishment isn't as bad as he
thinks."
  "What do you mean?"
  About that time a buzzer went off at her counter and she
said, "He'll go over that. He's ready for you."
  I went over to the door and knocked and was told to come in.
  A big man wearing a silk shirt and black pants stood up and
held out his hand for me to shake saying, "Hi I'm Ted. You must
be Bobbie. Did Cheri tell you about the job?"
  "Yes. It sounds great. I have references."
  "I don't need them I can tell you aren't too bright by that
outfit. Didn't you notice the ad said attractive? Your face may
be pretty but I need good figures."
  "I'm sorry. Should I come back tomorrow in a tighter outfit?"
  "The job will be gone tomorrow. Just take off the coveralls."
  "Oh I couldn't. I am just wearing panties underneath."
  "I have seen a lot of panties if it embarrasses you, you can
hold your hands over your boobs."
  I couldn't go home and say I didn't get the job because of
the coveralls. Mom hated them anyway. I turned my back to him
and unzipped the coveralls to let them fall to the floor. My
hands were too small to cover all my boobs so I settled on
covering the center and nipples then took a deep breath and
turned to face him.
  He grinned and told me to turn around slowly while I blushed
knowing my little bikini panties hardly hid anything. When I
faced him again I expected him to look excited. The boys at
school would have gone crazy if they could have seen me this
way. I was disappointed. He seemed almost disinterested.he
said, "I said you could cover your boobs not hold them up.
Loosen your grip so I can see  how bad they sag."
  I suddenly realized I was mashing my breasts to my chest. It
hurt my feelings that he even thought they may be ugly and I
defiantly took my hands off to put them on my hips to let him
see how round and firm they are.
  He looked more interested then said, "Not bad. Are they
real?"
  Before I could answer he reached out to squeeze them in both
his hands.I didn't know what to do. It wasn't done in a sexy
way. It was like my doctor looking for lumps.I  felt a little
ashamed that as his hands roamed over them I became excited.
  He grinned and said, "You'll do. Did Cheri tell you the
rules? I have too much invested in you girls in uniforms and up
front money for your medical insurance to fire you for
something small so I punish instead."
  Before I could ask how he punished he gave me a sheet of
paper. It said:

  Failing to clear table promptly for next guest        10
spanks
  Slow service                                          15
spanks
  Messing up an order                                   20
spanks
     Late for work                                      25
  causing a scene                                       25 
  spilling on a customer                                30 
  losing a customer                                     40

  I said, "You have to be kidding. Some of your girls are in
their twenties. Aren't they too old to spank?"
  "You evidentally don't think you are and no-one is too old.
They all prefer a little pain rather than lose their job."
  "Spanking isn't a little pain! My dad spanks me with kindling
wood and I could never stand more than ten."
  "I am not that mean. I use that strap hanging on the wall. Go
get it and you will see it won't hurt as much as wood and you
never will need a spanking if you do good. Some of the girls
have gone months without a spanking."
  I went to get it almost forgetting I was nearly naked. I held
it in one hand while I stoked it with the other. It was not
very heavy and the leather felt soft. It obviously was better
than Dad's sharp-edged kindling that sometimes left stickers. I
pictured myself bent over to feel it's sting and surprisingly
the idea excited me.
  I realized How long I had been stroking it when he said
impatiently, "Well. What do you think about it?"
  I excused the time I spent feeling it by saying, "I was
trying to imagine how it would feel hitting me. I guess it
would be better than Dad's spanking and it would be better than
being fired."
  "I can satisfy your curiosity. Bend over the desk and I'll
give you a couple."
  I felt this uncontrollable need to feel it and bent over the
desk to let my nipples slide against the felt cover.
  He gave me two quick spanks that just stung a little then I
felt a tingle seeming to spread to my crotch. I stood up and
brought back my hands to caress the sting noticing that seemed
to increase the tingling.
  I said, "Ooh. It stings but not nearly as bad as wood."
  But none of the punishments were only two spanks and I
wondered if they would get worse as they went on or just more
exciting.
  He realized I accepted the idea of being spanked when I
said,"Some things on the list I don't understand. What if I am
busy with another customer and can't get over to clear a table
or wait on a new customer."
  "That is an automatic excuse. the first two things are
punishable if you are ignoring your duty to bullshit with other
waitresses or your customers. Messing up an order would be like
ordering ham and eggs when the customer wanted bacon. That
costs me money since the original order has to be thrown away.
  Being late for work often means slow service since the other
girls have to fill in for you.
  Causing a scene might be arguing with a customer which upsets
other customers.
  Spilling on a customer could get me sued.
  Losing a customer is when someone gets so angry he tells my
cashier he will never come back.
  "I guess that seems fair but why do the first three say
spanks and the rest are blank."
  "Because I offer an option. Some of the girls complained that
over twenty five spanks made their butts too sore or caused
bruises so I decided that if they prefer I would use this light
whip that can spread the lashes over your whole torso so it
just turns red and no marks will be left."
  He reached in a drawer and brought out a whip made by
braiding six little inch wide leather thongs to make a handle
with the six thongs hanging out about two feet long. It looked
less painful than the strap and it struck me that it may be
less humiliating than a childish spanking.
  I said, "I understand. I think I would prefer that to the
strap. At least it wouldn't hurt to sit down afterwards like a
spanking."
  He grinned and said, "Would you like to try it?"
  Excitement leaped at the idea and I said, I guess so. Should
I lean over the desk?"
  "No. Just stand there with your arms on your head."
  I felt my boobs lift as I folded my harms over my head. I
expected him to hit my back because that was the way it always
was in movies I had seen but then there was a sting just below
my navel and another across my boobs.The sting and tingle
seemed to race down my body and I moaned as I trembled in
excitement.
  He said, "That will give you an idea. Do you want to go to
work?"
  I was suddenly embarrassed that I had let this strange man
hit me and said, "Yes. I'll work hard so I won't ever need to
be spanked." Actually I planned never to be spanked. The whip
was much more exciting.
  "Well let's hope you won't have to be punished. Remember if
you work hard and pay attention you needn't ever get a
spanking."
  "Yes I understand it is for my own good because if I do a
good job I will get better tips. I want to work for you."
  I looked down to see I was sweating from the excitement and
my boobs had turned red. I was embarrassed and quickly grabbed
my coveralls and pulled them on so he wouldn't know how excited
I was.
  "I want you to be sure. Go out and have a cup of coffee. Ruth
is on break you can talk to her about the job."
  I went out and asked for Ruth and was sent over to a booth
where she was having coffee and a cigarette. I introduced
myself and said I might be working there but the idea of
getting spanked kind of scared me.
  She said, "Did he give you a spank."
  I blushed and said ,"Yes Not wanting to admit it had gone
past that."
  "Does it still hurt?" 
  It didn't. in fact by then there was just a tingle that was
not unpleasant.
  "No. It is hard to believe it stung that much."
  "I have had fifteen. It isn't any worse in fact after twelve
or so your butt gets a little numb and it hurts less. Even
after fifteen the pain was all gone after a few minutes. I
haven't had to have one for four months. They never catch all
your mistakes."
  That encouraged me and I asked if the girls could really make
a hundred dollars in tips.
  It depends on how many customers you get but even tight-asses
leave a dollar. I already have a hundred and still have an hour
left on shift. The night girls do even better but I do all
right on days and there aren't the drunks that want to pinch
your butt."
  "Oh I wouldn't stand for that. I would slug them."
  "You better not. That would cause a scene. If someone reaches
for you all you have to do is grab his hand and say the
management does not allow touching and you can get fired. That
isn't true but so many of the regulars believe it they will
keep their hands to themselves. I don't mind a gentle feel
since it always gets me a big tip."
  "I don't need a tip that bad."
  "You might change your mind. There are some nice guys who tip
big and you have to admit these tiny uniforms encourage them. I
can see your point. Rhonda is married and never lets them touch
her but her tips are smaller. She even talked Ted into letting
her husband spank her and he agreed as long as he could watch
to make sure he hit hard enough."
  That seemed to prove Ted was not really mean and I went back
to tell him I wanted the job.
  "Good. I'll cancel the ad. Now take off the coveralls so I
can measure you for the uniform." I hesitated saying I knew my
sizes but he said standard sizes didn't mean anything since the
skirts were worn so low and the length was different on skirt
and blouse depending on the size and shape of my butt and
boobs.
  I decided I was being silly since he had already seen me with
out it and let it fall to the floor.
  He measured me just above my butt-crack and pulled my panties
down in front until they were just above my pubic hair for the
waist then had me bend over to measure down my butt to where it
met my thighs. Then he put the end of the tape at the top of my
pubic hair and ran it between my legs and up my butt-crack to
measure for the panties. He kind of sawed the tape into my
pussy and I found the measuring was exciting me.
  When he told me to put my hands on my head so he could
measure my boobs I took a shuddering breath and raised my arms
to bare my boobs. He first took the standard measurement of
bringing the tape around my back and over my nipples but again
he sawed the tape back and forth over my nipples until they
stiffened and I gasped and trembled. The tape then went under
each boob and lifted it as he measured where it began bulging
out. Finally he pushed the end of the tape into each boob just
above the nipples and measured down just below them. By then I
was so turned on I was taking shuddering breaths. I realized he
got excited too as he turned his back and reached for his
crotch to adjust the lump in his pants I had watched grow.
  He told me that my uniforms would be ready Monday which was
just as well since I was too inexperienced to start out with
the weekend crowd. I was to work the shift from two PM until
closing at ten.
  When I walked out the wind blew up my loose pant legs to cool
my pussy and I was embarrassed realizing the measuring session
had made my panties wet. I hoped he had not noticed.
  I went home and  pulled off my coveralls and panties to look
in my mirror to see if I was bruised. I was amazed. I was not
only not bruised even the red had faded as if I had never been
hit. I anxiously waited for my parents to get home to tell them
the good news. 
  As time went on I began feeling ashamed. I could hardly
believe I had let the man see me almost naked and had let him
hit me. Even my little bikini covered all my boobs and bottom.
Even the one time I had let a boy fuck me it had been in a dark
room. I thought the man must think I was a total slut and was
embarrassed to see him again. I knew it was just a matter of
time before I earned a spanking and knew that since he had seen
me nearly naked he would expect me to be naked again. Worse of
all as I dwelled on it The thought of being totally nude made
me excited. I began to think the job may turn me into a slut
like the girls my girlfriends and I had sneered at in school. I
decided to tell my folks about the tiny costume  and the
possibility of being spanked hoping they may say I could look
for something else.
  My Dad was impressed saying, "Jesus. If the tips are that
good you will be making as much as me after twenty years of
sweat at that damn lumber mill."
  Mom chipped in to agree saying, "There is no job you are
qualified for that would pay that much. You will be making as
much as me cleaning houses during the day and offices at night
for fourteen hours a day. You had better not screw up and get
canned. If you do Your Dad and I will beat your butt to a
bloody pulp."
  "Mom. It isn't all good news. The uniforms are really tiny.
If I am not real careful the customers will see my breasts and
bottom. I may get too embarrassed to work there."
  I described the uniform and she thought there would be no
problem saying, "You just have to learn to be ladylike and bend
your knees to lower yourself rather than bend over." She
demonstrated and I had to admit that would keep my skirt down
and the blouse close to my chest.
  Then I said, But there is more. He said he hated to fire
girls but he couldn't tolerate mistakes that could cost him
customers and would spank us for mistakes. It would be terrible
to have a strange man spank me especially in that tiny uniform
because just bending over for it would show my panties."
  I hoped that would be the last straw and they would tell me
to forget the job so I could continue my vacation but Dad said,
"I can see his point. It would be a pain to have to hire and
fire a lot and since you are so lazy the threat of being fired
wouldn't bother you."
  Mom joined in to say, "It must work. He seems to be a
successful businessman. Maybe if we had spanked you more you
would be in college now."
  In celebration of the job they let me go to the beach for the
weekend. As usual I enjoyed the admiring stares at me in my
bikini and thought that since my customers were ninety percent
men the little outfit might be an ego booster.
  I was totally committed now knowing my folks would almost
kill me if I quit or was fired and actually was glad to know I
wouldn't have to feel guilty over any slutty thing I would have
to do since it would be my parents fault.
  I went to work early as instructed to change clothes. I went
to his office and he handed me a box saying, "There are three
uniforms and panties. One to wear, one to wash and one for
emergencies."
  "Okay. Where do I change."
  "The dressing room is still being built so you can change
here or wear the uniform from home. Now change here so I can
see if it fits and you are wearing it properly."
  I hesitated but it seemed pointless to argue since he had
already seen me nearly naked. I slowly unbuttoned my blouse
then slid off my skirt to face him nervously in my bra and
panties. He said, "You have new underwear in the box."  I knew
then that I would have to get totally naked and hesitated but
for the first time he looked interested so I took off the bra
then slid down the panties hoping for a compliment. I got it!
When I straightened back up he said, "Beautiful boobs and I
love that flat tummy."  I suddenly felt ashamed I was posing
for him and turned my back to dig in the box and found white
satin panties made of the same material as the skirt. I had
never seen anything like them. It was just a little triangle
with an elastic string going through a hem at the top and then
sewed to the point. I slipped them on but the triangle was so
small it didn't cover all my pubic hair. when I pulled it up at
the front I felt the strings on my rectum so had to pull it
back down again. That seemed obscene so I put on the micro
skirt that was way below my belly button and the hem barely
covered my butt.
  I reached into the box to look for a bra but I couldn't find
one. "Where are the bras?"
  "There aren't any. I decided your boobs were firm enough not
to need being lifted."
  I was going to be even more naked than I thought. I put on
the loose top and when I bent over and looked down I could see
all my boobs even the nipples as it fell away. I knew I would
have to remember to just bend my knees as Mom had said.
  He had me turn around and go to him where he pulled down the
front of my blouse below the nipples then let it back up just
an inch or so above them. He said, "Perfect fit. Notice the
back of the blouse should be just below your neck."
  I gasped and blushed when he suddenly lifted the hem of my
skirt to tuck it into the waist then slid the top of the
triangle closer together saying, "It looks like you are going
to have to trim some of this hair. My voice shook with a
combination of embarrassment and excitement as I answered,
"Yes. it looks kind of gross hanging out. Finally he smoothed
the panty front over my pussy and let down the hem saying.
"Have a good day."
  I left the office trembling with excitement. I could hardly
believe he didn't try to fuck me and admitted I would not have
protested.
  I did have a good day. I didn't make any mistakes and
remembered not to bend over. I had to admit having a slow night
helped and even with a small crowd I made thirty dollars in
tips.I was loving it. The work was easy and we had two coffee
breaks and a free dinner. Best of all almost all the customers
said I looked pretty. None of the customers said that at
Mcdonald's with my dark shirt and pants.
  My folks were happy when I gave them my tip money to help pay
the rent and I told them the tips would be better since mondays
were always slow.
  The next day I was more relaxed and caught myself bending
over for cute guys or ones that complimented me to give them a
peek at my boobs like the other girls. Naturally this let the
table behind me to see my naked buns. My tips more than doubled
with only a few more customers. To make me feel even better my
customers said they would recommend the place to their friends
to get me even more tips. Only one customer touched my thighs
and he stopped after I gave my little speech. That little touch
got me a five dollar tip.
  The third day I got a little too relaxed. I was talking to
one of the girls when I realized one of my customers had left
and dirty dishes were on the table. I was supposed to clear
them as soon as they finished to ask if they wanted dessert. I
looked around and quickly cleared them hoping no-one had
noticed. I told Ruth I had screwed up but I thought I had
gotten away with it. She said, "Don't bet on it. Cherie watches
close."
  I got the bad news at nine o'clock. Ted came over to me and
said, "I understand you broke a rule. Come see me after work."
I protested, "Gee it was just a few seconds." That was a lie
since I had no idea when my customer had left but knew it must
have been some time since he only left a quarter tip.
  He said, "The fact you know what I am talking about proves
you know that you fucked up. I'll be waiting for you."
  I was wishing he had waited until the last minute to tell me.
The hour I had to wait seemed like forever. Finally it was
closing time. I stalled as long as I could by scrubbing my
tables and filling salt and pepper shakers but when lights
began going out I knew I couldn't stall any longer and went to
his office.
  When I went in he was idly fondling the strap. I cringed
remembering how just one spank had stung but I screwed up my
courage and went over to lay across his desk.
  He looked at me and said, "What are you doing?"
  I made a little sob and said, "I am ready for my spanking."
  "Remember how you stood up after your spank?"
  "Yes sir. It stung terribly."
  "Right. I have a special room to discourage that. Come with
me."
  I followed him to a door by the unfinished dressing room. He
opened it and waved me in saying, "Welcome to the punishment
room. It is soundproofed so you can scream if you like."
  If it hadn't been so brightly lit it would have been terribly
frightening. There was a rope over a pulley in the ceiling with
what looked like padded dog collars tied to the end I assumed
could be tightened around my wrists and a wide pipe shaped like
and upside down "U" coming out of the floor at waist height
with more dog collars at the bottom of the vertical pipes and
other collars attached to ropes going to the baseboard of the
wall in front of it.
  He had me stand by the pipe while he pulled my legs apart to
buckle the collars to my ankles then put the other collars on
my wrists and began pulling me forward until I was leaning over
it at about a forty five degree angle that let my top rest on
the bottom of my boobs. I realized bending over so far had
raised my skirt to bare my buns but even that wasn't enough for
him and he pulled the skirt I had pressed to the pipe by my
lower tummy loose so the skirt could lay around my waist and
bare all of my butt.
  By then I was really frightened remembering  the sting of the
spanks he had given me in the office and begged, "Please don't
hit hard. It is my first mistake."
  "Do you remember the spanks I gave you in the office?"
  I said quaveringly, "Yyess."
  "Well just multiply that by ten. These won't be any harder."
  I moaned, "Oh no. They were on my panties. Now my poor butt
is bare."
  "Yes. All the better for me to aim to make sure it is evenly
red."
  I hung my head realizing he would show no mercy. Then I heard
a "Whirr" and "Slap!" that brought a terrible sting at the top
of my butt-crack. I jumped and pulled on my wrist cuffs which
made my top bounce over my head and slither down my arms to
bare my boobs.
  I looked back to him and sobbed,"Oh please." he was watching
my boobies trembling by my sobs. He ignored me and gave me
another spank just a little lower and along with the sting I
felt my hanging boobs jerk and swing from my jerk on the cuffs.
  I looked back to him and moaned, "No more."and saw him
staring avidly at my swinging boobs. That seemed to set the
cadence. The moment my boobs stopped their swing he hit me
again just a little lower. Now I watched him sobbing with tears
rolling out of my eyes as he waited for my tits to slow then
gave me another just above my pussy I suddenly realized was
pooching out from my being bent over so far with my legs open. 
  The fourth hit just above the juncture of my thighs
millimeters above my pussy and I hoped he would go back to the
top.
  That hope went out the window when he jerked on the front of
my panty and I felt the strings slide into my pussy slit.
  "I stared at him in fear and cried, "Oh no you wouldn't!"
  He just grinned and I felt this terrible sting across the top
of my thighs and my pussy.
  That really made me struggle and a moment went by before I
slumped back down sobbing hysterically to feel the sting back
at the top of my butt. It hurt so much less I actually moaned,
"Thank you."
  But now the spanks started working down again and now they
excited as much as they hurt. My excitement and struggling made
my whole body became drenched in sweat.
  Finally he said, "This is the tenth."  I was relieved it was
almost over but alarmed knowing it would again cross my pussy
and struggled to arch my back to get it between my legs.
  He just chuckled and said, "That won't help."  He brought the
strap down vertically between my ass cheeks to hit nothing but
my pussy with the end just above my clit. It hurt bad but the
sting seemed to travel deep into my body and I had an orgasm! 
I slumped in the ropes  crying with the realization that I had
to be the queen of all sluts. 
  When he unbuckled my wrists I was so exhausted I just hung
over the pipe uncaring that my pussy was pooching out even
more.
  Then he did a strange thing. He said, "Poor baby. I am sorry
I had to hurt you." and began caressing my red bottom and
swollen pussy lips. I knew I should protest but it felt so good
I just relaxed and felt the pain lessen then go away to be
replaced by excitement. I was sorry to have his hands leave me
to unbuckle my ankles
  I stood up leaving the blouse on the floor and began rubbing
my now simply tingling butt-cheeks until he said, "You are
excused. Are you alright?"
  I suddenly felt embarrassed at my bare boobs and the fact the
triangle of my panty was on my tummy and the strings were
holding my pussy lips open to show it was wet. I reached for my
blouse to hold it in front of my tits with one hand while I
jerked the triangle back into place with the other as I
mumbled, "I guess so. It really stung. I'll try to be better."
Then I ran out to the hall to put on my clothes and leave.
  On my way home I was amazed that there was no pain, just a
pleasant tingling on my butt and pussy. Even more surprising my
nipples that had not been hit were stiff and so sensitive I
could feel the movement of my blouse on them.
  I hurried home and got into bed but couldn't resist touching
my tingling nipples and pussy until I had a wonderful orgasm.
  I had this weird dream. I was hanging by my wrists naked
while four men were caressing my body. I became terribly
excited when their hands left me and then they were rubbing the
thongs of whips over my tits, pussy and butt. My excitement
grew until I cried, "Whip me. Please whip me!"
  I woke up drenched in sweat with my fingers buried in my
pussy and couldn't resist continuing to masturbate until I
came.
  I realized my spanking had brought on the dream and it
frightened me. The dream seemed very real and I really needed
to feel their whips on my flesh. I decided I must stay away
from that place before my dream became real.
  I got up and put on my robe noting that for the first time in
my life I had slept nude and went to the kitchen and made
coffee. When I sat at the table sipping my coffee I could not
get my mind off the dream and worse it was making me excited.
  When Mom came in I blurted, "Mom! I have to quit that job!"
  When she asked why I was embarrassed to tell her that the
idea of being whipped excited me so cried, "I got spanked last
night. I couldn't stand to have it happen again."
  "What did you do to earn a spanking?"
  I explained I was talking to a waitress and didn't notice my
customer had left before I had cleared his dishes and asked if
he wanted dessert which broke the rules.
  She said, "It sounds like you deserved it. How many spanks?"
  I sobbed, "Ten and it really hurt."
  "Stand up so I can see if you are badly bruised."
  I did and she pulled my robe up to my back to bare my bottom.
  "I don't see a mark! Your butt is snow-white. Are you lying
about a spanking just so you can lay around the beach?"
  "No Mom! Honest. It hurt awful. I just had all night to
heal!"
  "It couldn't have been too bad. All our spankings left
bruises. You knew the rules. I know how you ignore duties to
talk on the phone. Your butt is going to have to look a lot
worse than this to get any sympathy from me!"
  "Mom! It is worse than your spanking because it is
embarrassing. The skirt is so short my butt is exposed when I
bend over and the tiny panties let him hit my bare bottom!"
  "Good. Maybe the embarrassment will make you try harder to
avoid being spanked. We should have hit your bare butt too."
  I could see I was not getting any sympathy so I tried another
tack. "Mom. Don't you think it is terrible for a strange man to
spank my bare butt?"
  We both know that bending over bares your bottom and you knew
from experience you would have to bend over for a spanking."
  I gave up sobbing, "You just don't understand." Even then I
couldn't admit the real reason I wanted to quit was because I
had learned to enjoy flashing my boobs and pussy to get
admiring looks and compliments and was no longer offended at
the squeezes or pats to my thighs and butt. I was afraid I may
grow to desire being whipped as much as I had in my dream. 
  I really tried hard and got great tips but the next saturday
we really got busy and I began scribbling down the orders and
evidentally the cook couldn't tell my ten from sixteen. I had
to return the wrong order so there was no doubt I was caught.
Cheri told me to report to Ted after work.
  Thankfully it was close to closing so I didn't have to dwell
on it very long.
  I reported to him and he said, "I guess the ten spanks didn't
impress you. I see you are now in for thirty-five."
  That really alarmed me and I complained, "No! Just twenty. I
only messed up an order!"
  I found the penalties were accumulated when he said, "Right
and the customer had to wait for the right order which means
slow service."
  "No. It isn't my fault the cook can't read!"
  He just said "Look at this." and handed me the order I had
made out. There was only a tiny squiggle at the top of the
circle and even I had to admit it looked like a zero.
  I hung my head and admitted my error by saying, "I'm sorry."
  "At thirty five you have the option of the strap or the whip.
Which do you want? You will be naked for the whip."
  Being naked was not much of a threat since I had been almost
naked with the strap but now I would be even more naked since I
had shaved all the hair off my pussy with my Dad's electric
razor after a customer had playfully reached under my skirt to
pluck out a hair.
  I knew I should ask for the strap since the terrible pain of
that many should stop any desire for punishment and it might
cause enough bruising to get Mom to let me quit but I also knew
the whip would not hurt nearly as much and  didn't have the
courage to ask for the strap.
  I sobbed, "Oh God, use the whip."
  He handed it to me to carry to the punishment room. I had the
extra humiliation of one of the girls leaving late seeing me
carrying it and smiled knowingly of my choice.
  The room had changed. Before it had just been painted white
for maximum light but now there were mirrors on all the walls.
I gulped realizing I would see myself being whipped in four
different views.
  I heard the door lock click and then he told me to get
undressed. I pulled my top over my head and unzipped the skirt
and let it fall to the floor then stood there self-consciously
with my arm across my breasts and my hand over the little
triangle until he said, "Panties too. I said naked."
  "Oh I couldn't. I don't have any hair."
  "Okay. I'll get the strap."
  I realized I was being silly. He had pulled up the triangle
to bare my pussy at the spanking.
  I moaned, "No. I'll do it." I slid them off and quickly put
my hand over it to maintain modesty as long as possible.
  Then he said, Just in case you get the dumb idea of going to
the police or trying to sue me I am going to videotape this
session." He pointed to round lenses over the mirrors on the
hall wall, his office wall, and the outside wall. That
explained why the walls were so thick. I had thought it was for
soundproofing.
  I said, "Oh God. You won't show them to anyone will you? Did
you tape my spanking?"
  "No I won't show them to anyone and yes I taped your
spanking. You looked very willing but I don't want any doubt. I
want you to say, 'I have been a naughty girl. Please whip me."
  "Oh. That is weird. What if I refuse?"
  "You'll be fired."
  That was no choice. My folks were loving the money I was
bringing home and would kill me.
  at his direction I knelt and shakily said, "I have been a
naughty girl. Please whip me."
  He had me say it over and over to make it sound sincere. He
was finally satisfied when I said, "I have been a naughty girl.
Please whip me. I need to be hurt."
  He just grinned and said. "Go to the center of the room and
buckle the cuffs on the floor to your ankles."
  It seemed even more humiliating to have to bind myself. I
realized that anyone seeing the tape would be convinced I was
doing it willingly. The cuffs were about three feet apart and I
had to open my legs wide to put them on then I blushed when I
looked through my legs and saw my bald pussy with the lips open
knowing he had the same view in the mirror.
  He put on my wrist cuffs then went to the wall to pull down
on a rope until I made a little gasp at the stretching where he
locked the rope in a clamp.
  Then he came back to me and said, "Look at yourself. The
stretch makes your body fantastically beautiful. Your boobs
have lifted and rounded, your tummy has gone concave, your
waist has slimmed and even your pussy is tight."
  At boobs he lifted and fondled them giving the nipples a
little pinch, at tummy he felt all of it, at waist he squeezed
the sides showing the taper to my rib bones and finally at
pussy he slid his hand on it letting his middle finger slip
into the slit to graze my clit. I became very excited and when
he rubbed the thongs of the whip against my pussy I suddenly
realized that except for  only one man I was reliving my dream
and becoming just as excited.
  My body was trembling and I was breathing in short pants when
he said, "Are you ready?"
  I completed the dream by saying tremously "Please whip me."
  I felt a sting across my back and as the whip fell away I saw
redness in the mirror but it wasn't bad. Not nearly as bad as
the strap and my excitement rose even more. He then hit lower
and lower leaving a trail of redness as I squealed "Oh," with
each lash bringing more excitement and then he was at my butt
and I found I was straining to push it back to meet the lash.
  When it was completely red he stepped behind me to forehand
and backhand my inner thighs to make a sharper sting so close
to my pussy the top thong grazed the lips as my squeals turned
to "Aiee" and my excitement leaped.
  He moved to my side and the thongs hit across the front of my
thighs. I squealed in frustration that my thighs kept the
thongs from hitting my pussy but the next hit my pubic mound
and I reached the edge of an orgasm.
  The redness began creeping up my stomach darker now that he
was hitting harder but the extra pain just made it more
exciting. He was up to my breasts and I took a deep breath
pushing them out for two across them that brought a terrific
sting to my nipples that pushed me into orgasm. He stepped in
front of me and backhanded and forehanded them to make them
dance to continue my orgasm then started back down my stomach
as I strained to push out my pussy.
  This time I wasn't frustrated as he brought the thongs down
diagonally to make the lips squirm as I squealed hysterically
in mind boggling orgasms until he brought the last on up from
the floor to bury a thong between the lips causing a terrible,
wonderful, pain on my clit.
  He let me hang there for a few moments watching my sweaty
pulsating body as the orgasms subsided. I didn't want them to
go! I wailed, "Oh God! Please fuck me."
  He grinned and said, "That is what I was waiting for."
  He dropped his pants to go between my legs then I felt a
stretch as his wide dick pushed into me. Then there was
slapping sounds as his thighs and stomach hit me as he grabbed
my buttcheeks to slam me into him. He lasted a long time much
longer than the boy had and my orgasms returned and became
stronger.
  He let me down to kneel in exhaustion rubbing my tingling
pussy and nipples attempting to maintain the thrills.
  He evidentally thought I was trying to comfort them as he
said, "The pain will leave soon." and offered a wet cloth I
used to instantly stop the burning sensation noticing my inner
thighs were wet from juices from my pussy.
  He left me feeling ashamed I had become excited from an
experience I was sure would have been pure punishment to a
normal girl. On the way home I resolved that if I had to be
punished again I would choose the strap so I would only suffer.
  The next night was my night off. A girlfriend from school
called me to say her cousin was in town and she wanted me to
double date to a drive-in movie. She said her cousin was good
looking and I thought it might be good to get away from my
constantly sexy experiences for a casual date. I had shopped
with some of my new money so wore my new soft orlon sweater and
matching skirt. the sweater felt so nice against my skin I
decided not to wear a bra and then my panties made lines so I
left them off too.
  He was good looking and it didn't bother me when he gave me a
little hello kiss. We went to the movie. When the title came on
My girlfriend said, "Oh you guys just wanted to see this for
the bare boobs. The movie was a cheapo made just for drive-ins
or video stores called "Naked Girls in Jail"
  Two pretty girls had gone out on a date with two guys who
held up a liquor store. The owner shot them then held the girls
at gunpoint for the police. No-one believed that they had just
been on an innocent date and they were sentenced to five years.
The dialogue was dumb and it was obvious any decent lawyer
should have got them off. I lost interest but the boys liked
the strip search and the shower scenes. Then there was a long
boring sequence where they complained about being in jail and
planned an escape. My boyfriend pulled me across his lap to
kiss and fondle me. I let him because it was fun to excite him
and he kept saying I was beautiful. Just then I heard some
dialogue over the speaker that caught my attention. The warden
was saying, "No-one tries to escape my prison. You will be
whipped as an example to the other prisoners."
  I sat up to straddle his legs and put my arms on the back of
the front seat for a good look. They dragged the pretty blonde
girl over to a wall of bars while she screamed and struggled
then handcuffed her wrists above her head to a cross piece on
the bars. It wasn't particulary sexy since they just ripped
open the back of her blouse and pushed it up her arms out of
the way rather than completely striping her. There was a pause
while she twisted back and forth to show the sides of her
boobs. Then they began whipping her back. It really looked
real. My girlfriend hid her eyes saying, "This is terrible. I
can't look." I stared avidly because it just excited me. Then
my boyfriend pushed my sweater up to my neck to fondle my bare
boobs. Having my back bared fired my imagination. Suddenly it
was no longer the actress hanging there. It was me! There were
differences. I was totally naked and hundreds of people
appeared on the other side to stare and cheer as the whip came
around the sides of my back to hit my boobs. I began to rub my
pussy on the lump of his pants and he worked my skirt up to my
waist to slide his dick into my pussy. I closed my eyes to just
hear the "Snap!" of the hip to make me shudder and twist until
I had a little orgasm just as he came. He whispered I was
fantastic but I knew he would never have made me cum without my
fantasy. My girlfriend must have heard us panting because she
said, "What are you guys doing back there?" That brought me
back to earth. I didn't want her to tell our friends I had let
a strange boy fuck me on my first date so I pulled down my
sweater and skirt and got off his lap to sit on the other side.
He reached over to touch my thigh but I lifted off his hand and
said, "No. I shouldn't have done that." He said I was wonderful
and asked if he had made me mad but I just said, "It's okay. I
just don't want to be touched now."
  Shortly after that the movie ended with her lawyer giving the
warden release papers from the governor. They wanted to go
somewhere for hamburgers but the whole scene seemed childish to
me and I asked them to take me home since I had to work the
next day. I was sure my boyfriend thought I was strange to fuck
him and then be so cold but I just didn't care. I knew any
further sex would just be frustrating. I let him kiss me
goodnight then I ran to my room to get off my clothes and get
into bed to bring back my fantasy to masturbate until I got an
orgasm strong enough to let me sleep. 
  The experience changed me. From then on I felt sexually
charged and began to go out of my way to enjoy the avid stares
when I leaned over further than I needed to expose my boobs and
butt and didn't bother to reprimand the customers who
surreptitiously felt my thighs or butt. My tips got even better
and my folks were happy that I was able to contribute a full
third of our expenses. By the time I got home at night I was
always so horny I masturbated even though I could only get off
by fantasizing about whippings. 
  This only convinced me more that if I should be punished it
should really hurt to keep me from getting even more perverted
and I worked hard to keep from breaking the rules.
  I was still letting my customers feel my body and one night a
man gently caressing my inner thigh suddenly pinched my pussy.
It hurt and I reflexively slapped him.
  Cherie came running over to apologize to him and even after I
told her what he had done she just said, "I have been watching
you. You have let customers touch you and should have known
this could happen. You caused a scene!"
  I went to his office and he said, "Twenty-five qualifies you
for the whip. I assume that is what you prefer." 
  It took all my willpower to whimper, "No. Use the strap."
  "Are you sure? You know it hurts more."
  "Yes. Being whipped naked is too much."
  "Okay. You asked for it."
  He must have been angry and disappointed because when I was
fixed over the bar he hit much harder than he ever had to make
me scream as my butt burned and throbbed. He was in no hurry
and waited for my sobs to subside before hitting again to make
me jerk on my bonds and make my blouse slide over my head and
down my arms. He watched my boobs jiggle and shake from my sobs
and struggle then I heard a "Swish." followed by searing pain
to my back and the side of my  right tit as the tip came around
to snap against my nipple. He didn't wait for me to completely
calm down before he hit the same place to cause a bloodcurdling
scream. He let me calm down a little and I realized that this
is what I had wanted because there was too much pain to ever
get excited. I even felt a little relieved to know I was not
perverted but as it went on I fervently wished I had chosen the
whip especially at the last four which all hit on my tender
inner thighs.
  When he released my bonds I just curled on the floor in the
foetal position sobbing my heart out as he left yelling, "I
hope to Christ you have learned your lesson."
  I had. My tits, butt and thighs were hot and throbbing all
the way home and I fell into bed so exhausted I was asleep in
seconds with no dreams or urge to play with myself.
  In the morning I got up and this time there were bruises on
my boobs and thighs. Mom had gone to work so I couldn't show
them to her but honestly I don't think I would have even if she
had been home.
  Even though the pain was gone I remembered how bad it had
been and was really alert and careful. I went for weeks with no
problem 
  One night I heard Rhonda yelling and turned to see her throw
a quarter at a man leaving while yelling, "Keep your quarter
you cheap bastard!" He left yelling back, "You'll never see me
again. Bitch!"
  She began to whimper as she saw Cheri moving toward her to
make her realize what she had done.
  Ruth was beside me and said, "Jesus. She is in for sixty-five
lashes. I can't imagine what that would be like. Would you like
to watch?"
  I had begun fantasizing about whips again and that sounded
exciting. I asked. "How? There are no windows in the punishment
room."
  "There is something better. One of the mirrors on the new
dressing room wall is actually one-way glass. My boyfriend
installed them and I had him rig it so he could watch if I had
to be punished to rescue me if Ted got too mean. I am going to
call him. I know he will want to see and you can too."
  After work we went to the dressing room and waited
impatiently while the other girls dressed and left then Ruth
opened the rear door to let in her boyfriend, Bill. He took a
screwdriver out of his pocket and removed the mirror over our
dressing table. We had a perfect view. When I asked him how it
was possible we could see so well while no-one could see us he
explained that it was only possible if our room was dark. If we
were lit up we could be seen. 
  Evidentally they spent some time in the office because we had
to wait a few moments before they came in.
  A man walked in first scowling pulling on a chain going to a
whimpering naked Rhonda. Ruth whispered, "Oh wow. Joe is really
pissed. Ted must have told him she got mad because of the small
tip since she had let the customer feel her ass. Joe likes the
money but doesn't want men to touch her. Look they are
torturing her already."
  I looked again and saw that the chain was not going to her
wrists as I had assumed. She was holding it to try to keep him
from jerking on two nasty looking toothed clamps biting her
nipples.
  She was led to the center of the room and Ted buckled on her
wrist cuffs and pulled her hands in the air. Joe cruelly
dropped the chain causing a scream as its weight jerked on her
nipples then swung back and forth while he put the cuffs on her
ankles. 
  Joe pulled on the chain stretching her nipples alarmingly and
making her tits look like cones. He ignored her squeals to say,
"You are a nasty cunt. You wouldn't be here if you had not
teased that man. You deserve to be whipped. Don't you?"
  She sobbed,"Yyess.I know I promised I wouldn't let them touch
me."
  He took off the clamps and she squealed again as the blood
came back to her white nipples. Ruth whispered, "Poor Rhonda is
between a rock and a hard place. If she doesn't tease her tips
drop and Joe beats her but if he drops in and sees someone
touching her she is beaten harder."
  They looked at her trembling body then decided she should be
tighter and pulled down on the rope until her already tiny
waist became wasp-like. Then I realized something had changed.
Ted had two whips and handed one to Joe. Ted stood on her right
side and Joe on her left and from that point she was in
constant pain as one whip hit her as the other pulled away. I
also noticed Ted was cheating. He was supposed to be hitting
her back but was standing close enough for the end of his whip
to snap against her breasts, tummy, and even her pussy. I don't
think they bothered to count. Joe just watched her intently as
she screamed and struggled until her screams turned to moans
and like me she began pumping back and forth to meet the
lashes. Joe noted the change and said loudly, "Now!" Joe moved
in front of her and Ted behind then the lashes came up from the
floor to make her pussy lips squirm and juice from her pussy
spatter. Amazingly she just grunted at each one then screamed,
"Fuck me! Please fuck me!"
  Joe dropped his pants and drove his massive dick into her
pussy then he waved at Ted. Ted dropped his pants and made her
squeal as he obviously drove his dick into her ass-hole. They
pumped until their dicks softened while she made little squeals
with a look of ecstasy on her face.
  They let her hang while they put on their pants watching her
body shudder and pulsate as after-shocks struck her.
  They unbuckled her and she was so exhausted Joe carried her
out the door.
  Bill began re-installing the mirror. While I sat there
exhausted by the experience since it seemed I felt every lash
that had hit her. Beth cautiously opened the door and when she
heard them talking in the office we sneaked out the side door.
  At the parking lot Bill said, "Jesus. That was the wildest
thing I have ever seen. I need a drink." Ruth and I heartily
agreed and I followed them to their apartment.
  I felt excited with a great feeling of relief. I was not
perverted after all. Rhonda had become even more excited than
me in spite of the fact she was hit harder and longer.
  While Bill made drinks it suddenly occurred to me that the
mirrors had been up when I was punished. 
  "Oh God. The mirrors were up when I was punished. Did you
guys watch me?"
  "No but to be honest the only reason we missed it was because
I didn't know you were going to be punished until it was too
late to call Bill. Would you be mad if we had?"
  I thought for a moment then said, "I don't think so. Actually
I am kind of proud that I took it so bravely."
  "I would because I am a wimp. I start bawling even before I
am hit because Ted scares me. Now Ted has agreed to let Bill do
it as long as Ted gets at least five. I still do my best to
avoid punishment although it excites me to have Bill spank me
because he doesn't hit hard unless he has to satisfy Ted."
  We drank until I was a little giddy agreeing that it had been
a thrilling performance and discussing particular lashes that
looked especially painful and/or thrilling.
  Bill stood up and slid the belt out of his pants and let it
dangle then said, "What do you think of this belt? Do you think
it would hurt too much?"
  I gulped as I felt my clit tingle then said, "I don't think
so. It is thinner than Ted's strap."
  "Good. I feel like some action. Which one of you wants to try
twenty spanks with it."
  Beth said, "I'll do it as long as my pussy gets licked
afterward."
  The belt didn't frighten me at all. In fact I felt my pussy
getting wet. I said,"I would feel guilty having you suffer to
provide my excitement. Why don't we cut cards with the loser
getting spanked?"
  Bill said, "There won't be a loser. I'll fuck the winner
doggy style while she eats the loser."
  I had heard of eating pussy but never thought I would
experience it. It might be gross to eat one but somehow I knew
Bill would be a great lover with the lump in his pants reaching
nearly to his waistline and if I lost I would be thrilled both
by the belt and her tongue.
  Ruth had no reservations about licking my pussy as she said,
"That sounds good to me."
  It had been my idea so I said, "Get some cards."
  I realized Ruth had qualms about the belt when she lost and
quickly said, "How about two out of three."
  I was actually disappointed I had won. I suddenly had an idea
that would make it more exciting. I said, "Sure if we make it
thirty so I get to see five on each of your boobs. They are
nice and big and it would be exciting to see them jump like
Rhonda's."
  Beth said, "Oh I don't know. I have never had my boobs hit.
It might be too bad."
  Bill loved the idea. He said if you don't I'll let Bobbie
spank you. I am sure she will hit harder than me because she
doesn't have to live with you."
  Beth hesitated then said, "Okay but if you lose you'll be
sorry."
  I was still not scared. Only five on each boob and twenty on
my butt with that wimpy belt was sure to excite me."
I lost the next one and Beth crowed, "Now I have a fifty- fifty
chance."
  I lost the last one big time. I drew a deuce to her king. It
seemed to confirm I was meant to be spanked.
 Bill said get undressed. 
  I hesitated suddenly embarrassed at the thought of being
naked while they were dressed and said, "Could you guys get
naked too, It would be better for me."
  Ruth giggled and said, "Sure. We have to be naked anyway for
the fucking and sucking."
  When we were naked Bill said, "Okay Bobbie. Get over to the
couch."
  I went over planning to lean over the back of it but then I
saw he had bolted handcuffs to the top. He snapped them on my
wrists then pulled me backwards until just my hands touched the
couch and I was bent over at a ninety degree angle to let my
boobs hang down to pull on my chest. Then he got ropes made out
of some soft material to tie around my thighs near my knees and
ran the rope to hooks in the ceiling about eight feet apart.
Beth and he pulled down on the ropes until my legs were spread
wide and my butt up to leave me on my toes.
  Beth slapped the outside of my boob lightly to make it swing
then Giggled as she said, "She wanted to see my boobs move. Her
big ones are really going to jump and sway."
 He stood beside me then I felt a sting on the side of my right
bob that made it slap into my other one. The sting was not too
bad and I savored the tingle that began to radiate from the
sting. 
  Beth said, "Oh I want a better view of this."
  She crawled under me and laid on her back with an excited
grin on her face staring at my boobs. I looked at them too just
in time to feel a sting on my left boob to make it slap into
the right. Now I felt the tingle radiate from both of them and
I moaned in excitement.
 He hit each two more times then changed his method. He moved
closer to let the tip hit my nipple then jerked back on the
belt to lift it. I yelped at the sharper pain but then it began
to radiate and my tummy pulsed in excitement. Beth said
excitedly, "Oh.. That's perfect. It hit her nipple. Do it
again."
  He did to make the tingle even and Beth said, "God that is
wild. Hit harder."
  I am sure they were both surprised when I moaned, "Yesss."
  He hit harder but the sharper sting and tingle just made me
pant in excitement as I watched my nipples driven into my boobs
only to pop back stiffer for the next. The last two got me
almost to orgasm.
  He stopped and ran his hand over my pussy with the middle
finger dragging on my clit and said, "Jesus. That really got
her wet."
  A butt spanking seemed mild now and I was about to ask him to
hit my tits some more when there was a sting from my asshole to
my clit right in the center of my pussy. The tingle went deep
and I moaned and pumped my hips. 
  Beth said excitedly, "She loves that! I was sure she would!"
  I did! He kept hitting it for the next nineteen as orgasms
got stronger. I was still pumping my hips when he stopped and
told Beth to wet his dick. She took it into her mouth then I
felt a new weird sensation as he began pushing the head into my
asshole. Just as I was marvelling at that sensation Beth began
licking and sucking on my clit. Unbelievably I went into an
even stronger orgasm  and then more until I was so exhausted I
just hung from the cuffs and ropes with my back bowed.
  I was so out of it I didn't even notice when he pulled out
his dick and Beth left my pussy to take off the ropes and
cuffs. Without their support I sank to the floor and Bill
picked me up to carry me to the couch to recover.
  They got me a drink to sip on as I calmed down then I said,
That was the wildest thing ever. I have never been fucked in my
ass before or had my pussy licked. You can whip me all you want
as long as you do that afterwards."
  Beth giggled and said, "I could tell you liked it. You damn
near drowned me."
  "I know. I was watching you. My juices were dripping off your
cheeks. Thank you so much."
  "Hey. Thank you. You are really brave. I like to have my butt
and pussy spanked but my boobs are real sensitive. I couldn't
stand what just turned you on."
  "You might be surprised. You should try it." 
  "No I am scared it may make them too sore."
  We sat on the couch on each side of Bill while he fondled our
pussies and we stroked his dick as I tried to explain the
thrill. 
  Bill's dick got really hard and Ruth slid to the floor to
kneel and lick his dick. I had never done that and joined her.
We grinned at each other as our licks brought moans from Bill
and convulsive grips to the cushion until he shot cum out on
our cheeks. To my surprise Beth licked it off my cheeks then
hungrily licked and sucked on his dick until it was soft and he
moaned, "No more."
  Beth said, "God I am horny. Bill is all done. Would you lick
my pussy for me. I licked yours."
  I really wanted her to know how exciting it was to have your
boobs whipped so she wouldn't think I was so strange.
  I said, "Only if I get to spank your titties afterwards."
  "Oh I don't think so."
  "I'll tell you what. You won't be tied. You can just put your
hands on your head while I slap them lightly with the belt. If
it is too much you can just bring down your hands to protect
them. If you want it harder you can tell me."
  "Oh okay but you have to lick me until I cum."
  I agreed then she slid her butt out to the end of the cushion
and I kneeled between her legs. I gave her pussy a tentative
lick hoping it would not taste too bad but was surprised to
find out it tasted sweet. Now it was my turn to drown as she
pulled my head into her pussy to make my tongue go deeper then
push it back to let my tongue circle her clit and flutter
against it. She was so horny I didn't have to do it long until
she let out a deep sigh and said "Yes!"
  I pulled back and she looked at me adoringly and said, "Oh
that was nice."
  "Yes but it was just 'Nice' wasn't it. Not like the crashing
ones that come with pain."
  "Oh I don't cum from pain. It just gets me excited for sex."
  "If it excites you it will eventually make you cum. You just
haven't had it long enough or hard enough."
That reminded her of her boob whipping, "Oh I know I will hate
a lot of pain. You don't have to spank my poor boobies do you?"
  Before I could answer Bill said, "Of course she does! You
promised and you can't back down now!"
She whimpered, "I did. Didn't I? Could you spank my bottom
awhile first to get me excited for the worst part?"
  I said, "Okay. That might be best for you. I like it to start
out on my butt too."
  Beth pulled out a large ottoman foot-stool into the middle of
the room and sprawled across it on her stomach. She laid across
it diagonally so one corner was pressing into her pussy. Then
she pulled her tits apart to be held open by the other corner
and spread her legs to let her pussy settle into the corner.
  Bill grinned and said, "That is her favorite position. She
likes to rub her pussy on the corner as she is spanked."
  He handed the belt to me. I had never considered being the
whipper before but I thought it may be exciting because I would
know just how she felt.
  I hit across both butt cheeks to make a red line but her only
reaction was to dig her pussy into the corner. I hit her again
a little lower and harder to make her squeal and raise up to
cry. "Billy hold me!" He grabbed her arms but she said, "No.
Hold me by my tits!"
  He grabbed her tits at the nipples squeezing them tightly
between his palms. From then on at each lash she dug her pussy
into the corner and raised her chest to stretch her breasts.
She began moaning "Faster, Harder, until I hit between her legs
to redden her pussy.
  That must have been the one she needed because she rolled
over with bill still pulling on her breasts. I used the
opportunity to hit the bottom of her tits exposed by Bill's
pull. She made a little scream then pulled Bill's hands off her
breasts and moaned, "More".
  I began hitting her tits just enough to redden them and make
them quiver. She just whimpered and stared at the way they
jumped until I asked,Harder?"
  "OOH a little."
  I hit harder and when she didn't object I hit even harder to
really make them bounce. She just moaned "Oh!" with each one
then I pulled back a little to just let the tip hit her
nipples. That did it! After five or six she brought down her
hands to caress them and cried, "I'm cumming. Oh God I'm
cumming. Hit my pussy!" 
 She was straining to push her pussy up and open. Billy stared
at her totally fascinated. It only took one stripe on each side
and the final up the slit to make her scream in orgasm and
collapse to the ottoman panting and pulsating while she dug at
her pussy until she relaxed and moaned, "I'm sorry, Billy."
  He explained, "I have wanted to spank her tits but she would
never let me. God I have never seen her cum that hard!"
  I felt guilty seeing the dark red stripes and decided I
should make the pain go away. I knelt and began licking on her
pussy. She moaned in delight so I spread the lips to lick her
clit and inner lips as I felt Bill's big dick stretching my
pussy lips. Suddenly it was buried in me and he reached around
my hips to pinch and pull at the top of my pussy as he pumped
and I frantically licked until we were all in orgasm.
  We just flopped on the floor and Ruth said, "Oh Jesus. I have
never cum like that. I am exhausted. Would you like to sleep
with us?"
  I would have loved to but I had to go home to keep my parents
from getting worried and calling the police.
  Incredibly I was still turned on and left off my panties so I
could caress my pussy all the way home. I didn't cum again and
realized I had become spoiled. I had to have the extra
excitement of pain to get off.
  The next morning at our break Beth said, "I have really been
stupid. I have always told Ted to use the strap for my
punishments and really suffered. Next time I'll ask for the
whip but he still frightens me since he spanked way too hard
for me to get excited by it and I will still try hard to avoid
it."
  I agreed saying, "Me too. It seems like he gets meaner every
time. I got off on my whipping but it was so close to pure
punishment I am afraid of another."
  "I don't need him. Bill is going to put some hooks in the
ceiling like Ted's and is shopping for ropes, padded cuffs and
different whips. He loves me and I know he will only hit hard
enough to get me off."
  I said, "God, that sounds exciting."
  "Yeah. Well it may be awhile before I invite you over. Bill
has been raving about how beautiful and brave you are and I am
jealous. Maybe later I will have you over as a special treat
for him."
  I was really disappointed. I had fantasized about different
things they could do to me but could understand her feelings.
  I really wished I could have a boyfriend like Bill but none
of my customers asked me for dates. Rhona explained that they
were in awe of us and just assumed they would be turned down.
  I was serious about my fear of Ted and went weeks without
making any mistakes but I was frustrated and decided to stop
off at a sex shop to see if they had any whips to see if I
could get off by whipping myself.
  They didn't have any whips but they did have a VCR tape with
a woman being whipped on the cover. I bought it and was really
disappointed. They used a little whip with plastic thongs that
didn't even make her skin red. The bondage was real and I used
it to fantasize how it could feel to be tied with my pussy
fully exposed and be hit with a real whip.
  I was dwelling on that the next day and felt horny when the
triangle of my panty slipped up and the strings were in my
slit. I went to the dressing room and rolled the triangle up so
the strings rubbed on my inner lips and each side of my clit.
It felt good when I walked so I left it that way when I went
back out to my tables. It amused me to think how surprised my
customers would be if they could see it holding my lips open.
  One of my customers when I leaned over to put down his plate
looked at my tits hungrily and said," You are so cute I am
giving you part of your tip now and jammed a five dollar bill
into my cleavage. I thought I would give him a special treat
and leaned over the table in front of him to rearrange the salt
and pepper shakers to flash my naked open pussy.
  When I turned back he gave me a huge smile letting me know he
had seen it.
  I returned later to refill his coffee cup. He began stroking
my inner thigh which felt nice but suddenly he brought his hand
up and jammed his thumb into my pussy. It startled me and I
spilled coffee on his lap.
  He jumped up swearing at me and Cherie came over to help me
lead him to the office.
  He wasn't bashful since he immediately dropped his pants to
show Ted his red dick and yell, "Look what that stupid bitch
did to me!"
Ted asked me what happened and I sobbed, "It wasn't my fault.
He startled me by jamming his thumb in my pussy."
  Ted asked him if that was true and he said, "Yeah but she
asked for it. She made a point of showing me that it was naked
and begging for attention."
  Ted told me to lift my skirt and I blushed showing my open
gash.
  Ted said, "I have some salve. The least you can do is put it
on for him."
  He sat down and I started caressing the salve on his red
dick. I could see it was not burned and knew the salve would
fix it quickly. He began to relax and I saw it growing
signalling the pain was gone and being replaced by pleasure but
then he said, "If you think a little salve is going to get you
off the hook you can forget it. I am going to sue your ass
off."
  Ted said calmly, "Lets talk about this Jim. It is going to be
embarrassing to you to explain this in court and besides why
should I be punished. I didn't hurt you. She did. Wouldn't it
be better if you punished her?"
  "How am I going to punish her? She has no money."
  I was thinking of something to match your pain. You deserve a
whipping don't you Bobbie?"
  I whimpered "I guess so." Knowing I was in for a whipping by
Ted in any case.
  His dick made a little jump as he said, "Would I be doing the
whipping?"
  Ted grinned triumphantly knowing he had won and said, "Sure.
On her nude body."
  His dick jumped to full hard and he looked down at me and
said,"Why don't you kiss it and make it well?"
  I hesitated and Ted said sternly, "Do it."
  I began kissing the sides of it with little licks of my
tongue but that wasn't good enough. He said, "No. Get all of
it. Put it in your mouth."
  I did it feeling humiliated when Ted leaned over his shoulder
to join him in staring at me avidly as his dick slid in and out
of my mouth. I knew it must not hurt anymore for him to want it
in my hot mouth. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head into him
making me gag when it hit my throat but then I kind of yawned
and my nose was buried in his pubic hair as it slid in my
throat. In a few moments he grunted and pulled my nose tight
into his hair while it jumped as semen pumped down my throat.
It didn't taste bad and it began to soften to slide out of my
mouth.
  I hoped my humiliation would satisfy his need to punish me
but he sighed and said, "Good now I can concentrate on her
whipping. Do we do it here?"
  Ted answered, "No I have a special room. Bobbie, Strip."     
  "Oh no. Can't I wait until I get to the room?"
  "No do it here."
  It only took seconds to strip since all I had to do was pull
off the top, my skirt and panties."
  Evidentally he had bought himself some more toys. When I was
naked he put iron manacles with a connecting chain on my ankles
and other manacles on my wrists that had short chains with
alligator clips on the ends. He told Jim to hold me which he
did by standing behind me and gripping my breasts so tightly
they were crushed. Ted pushed my hands down by my crotch 
and pulled out each pussy lip to snap them into the alligator
clips. I yelped and pushed my hands into my crotch to let my
lips go back but it didn't help much to stop the biting then he
attached a chain to my breasts by putting alligator clamps on
my nipples. Now I knew how Rhonda had felt only I envied the
fact she could hold on to the chain. I couldn't and the weight
stretched my nipples and made my breasts into cones which was
made worse by Ted swinging the chain as he led me to the center
of the punishment room.
  Ted gave the chain to Jim who amused himself by flipping it
to see my grimace and sharp intake of breath at the terrible
bite while Ted tied my ankles further apart than last time to
put a strain on my inner thighs. When I was secured he took off
my wrist manacles and let them drop grinning at my yelp as my
lips were bit by the weight as my pussy lips were stretched
down. He put the cuffs on the ropes on my wrists and stretched
me up as Jim dropped the chain to cause a bad bite to my
nipples.
  They took off the clamps to cause a new surge of pain as the
blood returned. Then stepped back to look at me.
  I must look really sexy to men hung up that way because they
couldn't resist fondling my tight breasts and pussy and
fondling my tiny waist and firm butt. I forgot about the
earlier pain and began enjoying their hands and compliments of
my beauty.
  Jim evidentally became bored by fondling as he said, "How
many times should I hit her?"
  Ted said, "Well. She made a scene, spilled on you, and could
have lost you as a customer. That adds up to ninety-five. Would
that satisfy you?"
  "God yes. Can she take that many?"
  I moaned, "No. Please! that is too many! I can't take it."
  Ted just grinned and said, "She doesn't have any choice, does
she?"
  That was true and it frightened me. I struggled at my bonds
but that just amused them to see my tits bouncing and my pussy
lips open so I gave up and hung my head.
  Then I felt a little slap across my buns that barely stung
followed quickly by another and I gained hope. Ted killed that
by saying, "Hey! She is supposed to be punished not tickled.
Let me show you."
  He stood beside me to forehand my cheeks to make a loud
"Snap" and burning sting then backhanded my pubic mound and my
breasts at the nipples. I moaned and struggled as "Jim said in
amazement, "God. I can hit her front too?"
  Ted said, "You bet. From her thighs to her armpits."
  "You seem experienced, would you like to join me?"
  "I would be honored. Do you want to count? and do you want
front or back?"
  "The front and let's have her count."
  "Good idea. She may get confused. I'll take the odd numbers.
Bobbie. Start the count."
  That seemed terrible. It would seem like I was asking for
them. I consoled myself with the fact I would be controlling
the cadence and may have a chance to recover from the last
before ordering another.
  I remembered I had five and worked up my courage to say "Six"
  Before Jim could hit me Ted yelled, "Hold it! Those first
five were practice. Start at one."
  I cried "No! It isn't fair!"
  Ted just laughed, "Boiling his dick wasn't fair.say, 'One.'
  I moaned out, "One."
  That was Ted's and he hit across my butt-cheeks causing a
sear that made me yip and pause for a second before saying
"Two."
  My small "Yip." must have convinced Jim I could take hard
ones because he hit just as hard across my hips. But his so
close to my clit brought excitement and I savored the sting
before saying "Three."
  Ted hit my back far from any erogenous zones which caused
pure pain. I screamed and struggled for a moment then I felt
Jim rubbing the thongs against my pussy and said, "Four." 
  That brought one across my breasts that made me scream "Five"
and this time Ted's was at my butt to allow excitement to
build. I was grateful for the recovery period while they waited
for the next number because the first twenty were agony with my
bodies confusion at excitement at front and pure pain at rear.
  In the twenties Ted stepped closer and went from one side of
me to the other so now the ends of his whip were coming around
to snap against my pussy, tummy and breasts. Jim also began
concentrating on my breasts and pussy bringing the whip
diagonally or vertically to cover the whole "V" of my pubic
area. I went into a combination of numbness and excitement that
had me counting faster and faster until my excitement was too
much to let me think and I stopped counting. They kept up the
fast cadence as my orgasms became more powerful and my only
reaction to the lashes was panting and pumping my hips to meet
the lashes going between my legs.
  Just as one seemed to sink clear into my insides heating my
guts to bring on the mother of all orgasms Ted yelled, "Enough!
Fuck her!"
  They dropped their pants and suddenly I filled up inside as
Jim's dick plunged into my pussy while Ted's ripped into my
ass-hole.
  This didn't stop the pain because Jim began biting my breasts
and nipples but by then I wanted it. 
  Finally they came and sat on the floor staring at my
sweating, pulsating body as aftershocks continued to rock me
until I was so exhausted I just hung on the rope with my head
down. I must have passed out or went to sleep because I don't
remember them taking me down.
  The next thing I remembered was lying on my side on the floor
with them caressing salve on my body. It felt wonderful and I
murmured. "Thank you."
  I began drifting and I heard Ted say "She is going to sleep
again. Grab her legs so we can get her to the shower."
  They carried me to his office and put me in his tub/shower
then turned on cold water. This caused me to get instantly
awake and at the same time stopped all the pain and heat.
  They held me in there until I was shivering from the cold as
Ted amused himself by directing the hand held showerhead to
compress my breasts and make my pussy lips squirm.
  When they let me out it occurred to me that I had not watched
myself being whipped in the mirrors and stood in front of his
to see my torso was covered with welts and there were tooth
marks and hickies all over my tits.
  I was amazed. While it was going on it had not seemed that
bad. I said with a whimper, "God. You really hurt me! Look at
my poor body."
  Ted said, "Yeah but you didn't care when it was going on."
  Only Jim apologized saying, "I'm sorry. I got so excited I
kind of lost control."
  I remembered that it was his lashes that made me excited
enough to forget the pain and said, "It's alright. I
understand. This was probably the wildest thing you have ever
done."
  "That is for sure. I feel guilty though and I'll try to make
up for it."
  I didn't think it was a good idea to tell him it had also
been my wildest experience including the greatest orgasms of my
life. I just said I had to get home and walked naked to the
dressing room to slip on my coveralls.
  Ted said, "Take a couple days off. You are going to have some
bruises."
  The welts on my breasts and pussy began throbbing again on
the way home. Ted had given me a tube of his miracle salve but
when I got into bed I kind of liked the throbbing sensation and
just caressed them with my fingers until I had another little
orgasm and went to sleep.
  I didn't really need two days. Since I was home alone I used
the day by staying naked and massaging in the salve. By bedtime
there were only a few tiny bruises but I took the second day to
think.
  I didn't know what to do. My whippings were getting worse all
the time and I knew I should quit the job before I was badly
hurt but had to admit I didn't really want to because Mom would
have let me if I had shown her my welts and bites. My life
before the whip seemed terribly boring.
  I decided to be extra careful to avoid Ted's whipping and
hope Ruth might relent to enjoy Bill's simply exciting
punishment.
  Jim really did try to make up for the pain he had caused. He
took me on dates to the best bars and restaurants and even
bought clothes for me enjoying my letting him join me in the
dressing room to try them on. Naturally we had sex. The first
time I went to his house I was afraid he may want to whip me
with something really bad but to my surprise he never even
mentioned whipping me and even went down on me to help me get
excited for his dick but by our third date I found I was
getting bored. I had not even cum once in our last sex although
he had tried his best and when he suggested we go to his
bedroom I told him I was not feeling well and wanted to go
home.
  Beth solved my problem. I think she thought I was less of a
threat now that I had a boyfriend and since we had the same
days off suggested we double date with a party at their
apartment.
  We had a few drinks and then decided to play penny poker.
after awhile this became boring and I suggested we do something
else.
  Ruth said "I like poker. Let's just make it more interesting
by playing strip poker."
  The guys readily agreed but I said, "What happens when the
first person is naked? Does she just sit around until everyone
is naked?"
  "Ruth said, "That shouldn't bother you. You like being naked
to show off that gorgeous body. In fact there should be a
penalty for losing on purpose to get that way. Naked people
should play for spanks until everyone is naked."
  Bill said that he didn't want to be spanked and Jim agreed.
  Ruth said, "You guys are chicken! We'll give you odds. Bobbie
and I are just wearing blouses, skirts and panties. You guys
have shoes, socks, pants, shirts, t-shirts and shorts. Still
chicken?"
  Jim said, "I guess I owe Bobbie a chance to get even for the
whipping I gave her."
  I said, "Yeah and spankings are childish. Lets play for
whiplashes."
  Jim was surprised, "Really! After your last experience I
thought you would never want to be whipped again."
  For some reason I didn't want him to know the whipping had
made me cum fantastically so "I said, "It will be worth it to
have a chance to let you know what a whip feels like. Besides
since I haven't made you mad you shouldn't be mean."
  I realized Beth and Bill had discussed this when Bill said,
"Okay. Here are the rules. A loss is five lashes. We will play
as teams with the best hand winning for the team. Just so there
will be no hard feelings against lovers. I will whip Bobbie or
she me while Jim has the same deal with Beth."
  I was so excited I was tempted to cheat by throwing away good
cards in our game of draw poker that would have allowed this
but decided I would try to win just to let Jim know what it
felt like so he could appreciate my bravery. I could make up
for it by letting him whip me.
  There was no chance. They were so lucky often either of their
hands would have beaten us and with the odds the hands we won
left them still wearing everything except shoes, socks, and
shirts when Ruth and I were naked. It occurred to me that Ruth
may be cheating since when she turned over her hand there were
mostly small cards and her best hands were just a small pair. I
am sure she knew Jim would not hit hard while Bill would make
me suffer.
  When they were finally naked Bill counted the chips and said,
"We were really lucky or you were unlucky. You owe us fifty
lashes."
  Ruth said, "Ooh. That is a lot! How about knocking off twenty
since we gave you odds."
  Bill exclaimed, "Not a chance! You thought up this game and
if Jim and I had lost I know you wouldn't have given us a
break."
  "Well okay but if we do this again you aren't getting odds."
  It was an empty threat. We both knew we would give in if they
refused.
  Bill said "Make a couple of stiff drinks to get up your
courage."
  While we were getting the drinks I saw them whispering to
each other deciding our fate. Jim was obviously getting excited
as they talked.
  Bill put two ropes with wrist cuffs over the hook he had put
in the ceiling.
  I was confused. "Why are you putting up two ropes?"
  "We decided we would whip both of you at once so neither of
you would be frightened waiting your turn."
  They put on our cuffs then Bill pulled down on the ropes
until we were stretched and on tip-toe.
  They couldn't resist fondling our tight bodies making
comments on our beauty which helped raise our level of
excitement.
  He said, "One last item." and brought in a board about four
feet long with padded straps at the ends. 
  Jim held us with our butts touching while Bill spread our
legs and buckled the straps around our ankles.
  Ruth whimpered, "Oh noo. Tied this way we will get all the
lashes on our front. Worse with our legs this far apart you
will want to hit our pussies. Please turn us around."
  "You know I love watching your boobs shudder. You told me the
only thing that hurts terrible is hitting your ribs. I promise
only to hit fleshy parts. To make sure you are hit evenly I
will call out the area to be hit for each lash."
  Ruth whimpered again knowing Bill would concentrate on our
boobs and pussy and realizing any hope she had that Jim would
just hit her thighs and tummy was gone.
  Bill called out "Upper thighs," and I heard a double slap as
I felt a sting over the roundest part of the front of my
thighs. I was not very hard and my hopes and excitement rose at
the prospect of just an exciting whipping with the soft thong
whip.
  He called out, "A little higher" as the stings crept up to
and over my navel continuing to raise excitement.
  Then he said, "Lower breasts," and there was a little sharper
sting as my boobs jumped under the thongs.
  Then, "Upper breasts," with another sting that caused my
first gasp.
  Then "Nipples," with a sting that made us both moan as
excitement coursed through our bodies.
  Bill stopped for a moment grinning as he watched us tremble
with excitement as we rubbed our butts together. I knew we
still had forty four to go which guaranteed orgasms then he
called, "Right inner mid thigh"
  This stung much more but was so close to my pussy it just
increased excitement as he went to my left thigh then higher to
my right nearly grazing my pussy lips then to my left then a
forehand diagonally across my pussy lips followed by a backhand
diagonally then one across my nipples followed by an uppercut
into my gaping pussy that brought a scream of pain and
excitement.
  Bill stopped to cup my pussy in his palm driving his middle
finger into my sopping pussy then exulted, "We are doing this
right buddy! Bobbies pussy is sopping. Jim panted, "God yes!
Beth is wet too."
  From then on it was just lashes to our breasts and pussy. I
knew they were harder by the violent jumps of my boobs and the
pull on my pussy lips but by then we were so excited it just
felt great and our only reaction to the lashes was sighs and
moans.
  Bill noticed that and said, "I haven't heard a yip or scream
for a long time. They must be getting bored with this wimpy
whip. Get the switches."
  Jim got them and Ruth saw them first moaning, "No. Oh no! You
said you wouldn't switch me again. They are terrible."
  Bill just grinned and said, "I won't. Jim will do it."
  That was no consolation to her. She sobbed and moaned, "You
promised!"
I knew why she reacted that way when I saw mine. It was about
three feet long with the tip cut off to leave the skinny end
still about a fourth inch wide and I knew it would really
concentrate the pain much more than the leather thongs but the
sight just caused a leap of excitement as he slid it up and
down in my open gash.
  Then he said "Right pussy lip." and it caught fire causing a
scream causing Bill to say, " Now we have their attention!"
This was followed by left pussy lip then breasts as I watched
and screamed as I saw the switch bury itself in my boobs over
and over until I could feel them swelling as they burned until
he was back to my pussy as our asses slapped together as we
pumped to meet the switch until it swelled then finally, "Right
in the gash! the pain to my clit brought on a tremendous
orgasms as he said "Again!" "Again" Until Ruth screamed, "I'm
cumming. Fuck me. Please fuck me. 
  They dropped their switches and drove their dicks into us as
we tried frantically to get them deeper.
  When their dicks could not stay hard any longer they quickly
released us to lie on the floor while they switched partners so
Jim was caressing and kissing my swollen, welted boobs and
pussy until we managed to calm down.
  Jim said, "My God. You girls are fantastic. I had no idea
girls could cum from pain. Especially that much pain."
  "Ruth said, "Me either! That was the first time my pussy has
been whipped with a switch. Before it hurt so much just on my
butt and thighs Bill let me off. Spankings to my tits and pussy
with leather had just excited me enough to want sex. I had no
idea I could cum from that much pain."
  I said shakily, "I knew I could cum from pain but this had to
be the ultimate. I almost passed out. It worries me though. I
seem to crave more and more pain. I may get badly hurt."
  Bill said, "That is why it is important to have a partner
that loves you. Jim and I would never hurt you bad. I know this
may have seemed terrible but your skin is not broken and I'll
bet all the red and welts will be gone by tomorrow."
  Jim and I were too tired to go home. We went to bed and I
loved him for caressing salve on my welts until I fell into a
deep sleep.
  I got home with only enough time to shower and change. There
was a note on the fridge to call Mom.
  I called her and she was really pissed. She said that she had
called the cops to look for me and I should call them and let
them know I was alright. She asked me where I had been and I
told her I went on a date after work and it got so late we went
to sleep. She went ballistic. Yelling that there was no excuse
for not calling and if I was going to be a slut and stay all
night with men I should move out. I got pissed too being
treated like a kid and said, "Fine! I am making enough to have
my own apartment!" and slammed down the phone.
  I quickly packed my clothes and some other things but that
was enough to make me late for work.
  Unfortunately Ted was at the cashiers desk and checked his
watch. He said,
"You are late. I was beginning to think you would never screw
up again. Report to me at closing."
  I said, "Oh hell, I may as well get spanked. My day has been
shit anyway."
  I had checked my body in the mirror and was thankful that
Bill had been right and I was unmarked except for a few
bruises. I thought it would be worse if Ted would be hitting
damaged skin.
  I told Ruth I had moved out and she said, "You can stay with
us until you find a place but it can't be a permanent
arrangement. I am too jealous of you. May I call Bill to watch
your whipping?"
  I said, "I guess so but it won't be much. I only have twenty-
five coming and it will probably be over in a minute."
  I had my whole shift to dwell on my upcoming punishment and
was scared since Ted's punishment had been progressively worse.
At closing it took all my nerve to go to his office rather than
run out the door but now that I was on my own I needed the job
worse than ever. I stalled noticing Ruth had never come back
out of the dressing room but screwed up my courage and went to
him.
  He had me strip then went to a box to bring out something
new. He brought out the familiar alligator clamps but these had
large lead weights attached to them. He snapped one on my
nipple then let it drop grinning at the grimace of pain on my
face then put another on my other nipple and two on each pussy
lip. They stretched my nipples and pulled down my pussy lips
grotesquely but the bite once the initial shock was over was
exciting.
  He put a dog collar with leash around my neck saying since my
punishment was minimal I deserved the humiliation of going to
it on my hands and knees like a naughty dog.
  It was humiliating and also painful. My breasts swung as I
crawled to cause bites and the weights on my pussy were bumped
by my thighs to cause bites there as well. I had been feeling
guilty from my Mom calling me a slut since I knew I was so the
pain seemed deserved and I made no effort to minimize the jerks
and swings.
  When we got to the punishment room he had me stand up then
lifted the nipple weights to pull up my breasts until the
crease at the bottom was gone. He just watched me whimper at
the bites for awhile then suddenly dropped them. My breasts
jumped down to their normal position to make the weights bite
horribly to make me yowl.
  He led me over to the pipe as tears fell from my eyes and
bent me over. I fought to stay upright crying, "No! Aren't you
going to whip me?"
  "No. This is punishment and you get off from the whip.
Besides I want to try my new toy."
  When I was bound he went to a closet and brought back a
broomstick with a leather paddle about a foot long and four
inches wide attached to the end.
  I looked at it fearfully as he swung it in the air so fast it
was just a blur then jumped causing terrible bites when he hit
the floor with it in front of my face to make a loud "Slap!!"
  He said,"Isn't this great? The long handle gives great
leverage. Your ass should really shudder."
  I moaned, "No. It is terrible. I will hurt awful and I will
have terrible bruises."
  "Maybe. But it is Monday. If you bruise you can have tomorrow
off with pay."
  That was little incentive since my tips were triple the
salary but I knew he would not be refused his experiment and
perversely I wondered if I had changed enough to have terrible
pain to my butt excite me.
  It seemed a relief from tension when he brought the paddle
stick to his shoulder like a baseball bat to bring it down with
a whistle to "Spatt!" against my ass causing a terrible sting
and burn.I jumped reflexively to cause even more pain as the
weights jerked on my nipples and pussy. It took my breath away
then I moaned, "No. No more! You will kill me."
  He just laughed and said, "You'll live." as he rubbed my ass
cheeks I saw glowing red in the mirrors.
  He made the ordeal last as long as possible by stopping after
each lash to watch my breasts sway with the weights and then
caress the area he hit. It was weird. There would be terrible
pain followed by sensual pleasure as he caressed until the pain
was replaced by throbbing. It seemed like the pain was almost
worth the good feeling afterwards.
  After eight spanks my ass became partially numbed and the
ninth and tenth did not seem bad but then he said, "I think any
more will blister your ass."
  I looked in the mirrors to seem my whole butt was deep red
with maroon welts where the edges of the stiff leather had dug
in. It seemed unreal I had been able to take it and even become
excited.
  I sighed thinking it was over but then I heard a whistle and
even worse pain as the whip curled around my left inner thigh
so close to my pussy it hit the weights jerking off two of them
causing me to make an agonized shriek and sobbing as he
consoled me caressing my pussy until the excitement overrode
the pain saying he was sorry and wouldn't hit me there again.
  I began to relax only to hear the whistle and an explosion of
pain as the strap wrapped around my side to tear at my breast
and rip another weight off my nipple. While I was still
screaming he moved to my other side to hit my other breast to
tear off the last weight. I collapsed shuddering and sobbing
while he rubbed them until I calmed down a little. then said,
"I can see you are suffering so I'll make you a deal. If you
show the courage to hold your legs open for one more to your
pussy and keep your arms up for one across your nipples I'll
let you off the other nine you owe."
  I sobbed, "Noo. I couldn't. You have hurt me enough. Let me
go!"
  He just said, "Your choice." and hit my inner thigh and pussy
to rip off the other weights. The pain was indescribable and I
sobbed, "I'll do it. I'll do it!"
  He unbuckled me and helped me to my feet. I stood there
whimpering as I caressed my poor throbbing boobs and pussy. He
said, "What do you want hit first? Your tits or pussy?"
  "Oh God. I don't know. Let me think about it."
  I continued to stand there facing him as he grinned and said,
"That's right baby. Get them ready for me."
  I suddenly realized I was no longer caressing myself to
lessen the pain. the throbbing and my caresses were exciting me
to the point the hand on my pussy was getting wet. I felt
ashamed to be such a slut. I deserved to be punished.
  I gasped, "My tits."
  He tortured me more by having me put my hands on my head and
told me to push out my tits saying,"More,more," until I was
straining and finally took a deep breath to satisfy him.
  The strap came across both nipples to cause a great pain and
unbelievably a crashing orgasm. I fell to my knees and I rubbed
them and pinched the nipples now relishing the pain that was
making my body convulse with excitement then moaned, "My
pussy."
  He pushed me over on to my back and kicked my legs open then
he teased me by sliding the strap up and down my pussy while
telling me to lift my ass and spread my legs open more until my
pussy was pushed up and open enough to allow the strap to slide
against my open pussy without touching my thighs. 
  My legs were open so much he straddled my right leg while he
pushed the strap into my pussy then he brought it up and over
his head like a golfer.
  I heard a whistle then unreal pain when the strap crushed my
pussy lips to hit my clitoris. The orgasm was fantastic and to
his surprise I screamed, "Again!"
  The strap came down again to take my breath away and I rolled
on the floor digging at my inflamed pussy and gasping for
breath. He watched me incredulously 
while I buried the fingers of both hands in my pussy to stretch
it and pump my hands to beat my thumbs into my clit until I
just couldn't cum anymore and laid there shuddering with sobs
until I calmed enough to whimper, "Oh God. What kind of
incredible slut am I? No one should cum from such terrible
pain."
  He said in wonder, "I don't know. I never in my wildest
fantasies imagined a girl like you. At least we know we don't
need reasons for punishment. When you want a fantastic orgasm
just tell me. I am going to buy more toys."
  I said "No! I never want to be hurt again. It is making me
crazy."
  He put salve on me but I was too ashamed to become aroused
and just enjoyed the feeling of the pain and throbbing leaving
until I was ready to leave.
  Ruth and Bill were waiting for me in the parking lot. Ruth
exclaimed, "Jesus you are something else. No one else in the
world could have taken that nasty strap untied." Bill just
nodded in agreement.
  "It will never happen again. I am ashamed of what I have
become. If I ever earn punishment again I am just going to
quit."
  I only stayed with them a few days until I found an
apartment. Bill whipped her and I knew if I stayed longer I
would not be able to resist the lure of the lash.
  Jim returned from a business trip and when I told him I had
moved out he asked me to move in with him. I told him I didn't
want to be hurt anymore and he said, "That's alright. I don't
want to hurt you. I just did it because it excited you. I love
you and will protect you."
  After a few days my apartment seemed terribly lonely so I
sublet and moved in with Jim.
  By the end of the week it was obvious to both of us that our
sex life was not good. He really tried. He spent a long time
with foreplay even licking my pussy but I only got mildly
excited and only achieved a small orgasm by thinking of being
whipped. To make it worse he had to get up early to get to his
job so we only had a couple of hours at night to make love.
  My resolve to avoid pain was shot when one night Beth told me
Ruth was going to be punished and since we both hated her for
stealing our customers I agreed to join her and Bill to watch
the punishment.
  It was her first time so Ted let her strip in the punishment
room. My clit twinged when he held out the strap and the thong
whip and asked her which she preferred.
  She said, "The whip. I guess. The girls told me it would not
bruise me like the strap."
  When he stretched her body I remembered the sensuous feeling
the stretch caused and felt myself getting wet.
  He began whipping her but only enough to redden the skin and
I realized from her reactions that she was being excited. When
the whip came across her breasts to make them compress and
shudder I dug at my pussy which had soaked my panties with
excitement growing as I imagined the feeling as lash after lash
crossed her boobs and pussy until the last causing an orgasmic
scream when he brought it up from the floor to bury thongs into
her open wet gash with me joining her.
  I knew how she felt when she said ashamedly, "Oh God! I came!
What is wrong with me?"
  When he let her down she dropped to her knees and frantically
opened his pants to show his throbbing hard dick and pulled him
down on top of her to buck frantically having more orgasms
until his dick softened and slid out of her.
  By then Bill was fucking Ruth from behind. I felt terribly
left out and was disappointed when his soft dick slid out and I
knew that by the time he could harden again my excitement would
be gone.
  I hurried home and told Jim what I had seen then said
excitedly, "I have changed my mind. I want you to whip me."
  He reluctantly agreed and I said, I can't stand to wait while
I am tied. I will just stand in front of you for it.
  I stripped and bent over a chair to present my ass until I
was excited enough to stand up and face him emulating the
stretch feeling of the ropes by reaching high with my arms and
sucking in my belly.
  He just hit my thighs and tummy until I moaned, "My tits! Hit
my tits!"
  He did but not hard enough in spite of my pleas, "Harder.
Harder!"
  I opened my legs wide and he took the hint to bring lashes up
into my pussy to get me past that terrible moment just before
orgasm. He saw I came and dropped his pants to drive his dick
into me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pumped
frantically to continue my orgasms until he came and let his
knees bend to let us down to the floor.
  I moaned, "Oh that was good! But you could have hit harder."
  "No. That was hard enough to make you cum and there is no
damage. You are just red."
  I said, "Yes. Thank you." ashamed to admit that he had not
given me the mindboggling orgasm I desired."
  He whipped me again the next night making it a little better
by hanging me from the ceiling but I still didn't get a
crushing orgasm. Worse it seemed like endless foreplay and I
remained incredibly horny all the next day and that night he
refused to whip me saying, "I think we should stop this for
awhile. You are changing me. I am beginning to fantasize about
causing you terrible pain and it frightens me. I think if we
hold off it will be more like a first time and we can be
satisfied with light whipping."
  I knew he was trying to be nice and couldn't complain but
when we made love I didn't even get close to orgasm.
  Then he went on his selling trip. I was frustrated and seemed
to stay in a constant state of horniness day dreaming of being
tortured by Nazi's or as a slave being whipped in front of
hundreds of people all excited by seeing me.
  On my day off I went to the sex store and bought another S &
M tape. It was better with the plot being a girl spy being
tortured for information but she was not really hurt bad and it
just made me even more horny as I used it to have even wilder
fantasies.
  When I went back to work and went to the dressing room the
mirror and dressing table had been moved to another wall and
the wall had been opened up to all the one-way glass for a full
view of the punishment room.
  There was a notice on the wall saying,
  "I discovered that one of the mirrors in the punishment room
  is actually one-way glass and that some of you have been 
  watching the punishments. From now on anyone who wishes to 
  may watch without being seen which may provide additional 
  incentive to avoid punishment."
                              Ted

  I went to Ruth and asked, "How did Ted find our peep-hole?"
  "Taking the screws in and out so much enlarged the holes and
the mirror came loose. The bastard loved the idea. He plans to
sell tickets to customers that heard about the punishments and
wanted to watch. A couple of the girls quit rather than be a
public spectacle and the rest of us are scared to death the
extra load will make us make mistakes. He is hiring but it may
take some time since he only plans to hire girls who don't mind
being spanked. Some of the girls like the idea. You missed it.
Beth volunteered for a whipping last night. All the girls and
eight customers watched it. It turned into an orgy there were
naked people everywhere fucking, including me and Bill."
  It sounded like one of my fantasies. I became increasingly
excited until my dinner break when I went to Ted and admitted I
missed the thrill of being whipped and would volunteer for a
whipping if I could choose the whip. He loved it and agreed to
my terms.
  Later I noticed Ted whispering to customers who gave him
money as they looked at me hungrily. After eating they would go
into the bar to kill time until closing. My tips skyrocketed as
customers said they would see me later.
  Finally it was closing time. Ted hustled out all the
customers who had not paid leaving eight men in the bar.
  I met him in the office. He was ecstatic. "God. This is
great. My bar business is up and eight guys paid twenty bucks
each to watch your whipping. I'll split it with you. I really
appreciate this. Since you are volunteering like Beth I won't
hit hard."
  "I may want it hard toward the end, but start easy."
  "Great. How many lashes?"
  I thought about it. Except for the last terrible whipping
with the paddle it had taken about thirty to create the great
orgasms.
  "Probably thirty but don't stop until I scream, 'I'm
cumming."
  "Okay. I have been thinking about this and think we should
have some dialogue to let the guys know you agree to this and
also to provide some build-up.I won't use the alligator clips
since they make you cry and I don't want them to feel guilty.
  I thought you could come in to the room, kneel and say, 'I
have been bad, master, and deserve a hard whipping.' Then you
will strip and I will hold out these three whips and say 'How
bad were you? Choose your whip."
  I looked at the whips in his hands. One was several leather
bootlaces I had seen in my tapes I knew would barely sting, The
second was the familiar thong whip, and the third was three
braided leather thongs with knots at the end. I took the last
one from him to feel it. It was heavy and the thongs were
braided so tightly they were stiff with rock hard knots at the
ends.
  I shuddered and said, "Ooh this would hurt awful. What is it
called."
  "The clerk said it was called a cat and it is for show. I
don't expect anyone to choose it. The clerk said I would have
to be careful not to break the skin of my slave."
  "Oooh I'll choose the thongs."
  "Really? The bootlace would look bad even though it wouldn't
hurt much and I could swing it faster."
  The anticipation had increased my excitement and I said, "No.
It wouldn't let me get to the ultimate orgasm."
  "Good girl. The guys will get their moneys worth and spread
the word. It is time to go."
  Although I had asked for this I felt fearful and hoped I
could be brave.
  As planned he went in first then I timidly knocked on the
door to hear him say, "Enter, slave."
  I thought of myself as a slave and went in to sink to my
knees and crawl over to him where I knelt in front of him and
said shakily, "I have been very bad, Master. I should be
whipped very hard."
  He held out the whips to say his lines and I thought I am
nothing but a dirty, rotten slut, deserving the worst, and
said, "Terrible. Use the cat."
  He said, "You know this will hurt you terribly. Are you sure
you were that bad?"
  "Yes. I deserve to really suffer."
  He strung me up sideways to my audience so they could see
lashes to both my back and front.
  The first across my buttcheeks although not hard hurt enough
to make me gasp then he began forehanding my front and
backhanding my back starting at the top of my thighs with
matching pain and excitement. It was strange. I watched the
stripes with red blotches from the knots creeping up my body in
the mirror as if it was happening to someone else and I was
imagining her pain. When it hit at the lower half of my breasts
I moaned, "Oh yes!" 
  A knot hit on my nipple bringing a scream but then my whole
body seemed to go numb in my excitement and when the next
ripped open my pussy lip to let a knot inside I just shuddered
and moaned, "Oh. Harder"
  From then on my boobs danced under the lash and my pussy
squirmed until my orgasms became so strong I screamed, "I'm
cumming!"
  He let me down and I sunk to my knees still in my slave mode
to say, Thank you. Master, then ripped open the buttons of his
fly to capture his engorged dick in my mouth to suck greedily
until he could cum no more and his soft dick escaped me.
  When he recovered he picked me up and carried me to his
office to put salve on my stripes and blotches. A few were
oozing blood.
  He was very contrite saying, "God. I am sorry. I never meant
to hit so hard. You can have all the money."
  He felt so bad I ended up consoling him telling him that I
had asked for it and now I knew the only way I could have great
orgasms was from pain.
  He still felt bad and told me to take off a few days to heal.
  The next morning I got up and looked at myself in the mirror.
The lines had disappeared but my whole torso was covered with
black and blue polka dots from the knots and my nipples and
clitoris were super sensitive which allowed me to get another
orgasm as I remembered the experience.
  Jim returned and I showed him my bruises and told him that I
had been very brave. He was very concerned, "Jesus. What did
you do to deserve that? I think you should quit that job."
  "Oh no! I am making tons of money. This wasn't Ted's fault. I
volunteered for it. You know I get excited by whips. I was paid
an extra $160.00. I wish you could have seen me. Even though it
was bad I didn't scream until the end."
  "That is the last straw. I want you to leave in the morning.
You are crazy and you are making me crazy too."
  I begged him to let me stay offering to suck his dick or let
him hurt me but he just said, "No thanks. You know you would
love either of those things. if you quit that job I may change
my mind."
  In the morning he was gone when I got up leaving a note
reminding me to call him if I quit and he would get me mental
help.
  I know now he was trying to help me but at the time I felt
devastated and betrayed. His whipping had helped make me what I
was. I left and found another apartment.
  The third day I still had bruises from the knots but I was
proud of them and went to work. To my surprise and delight some
men who had evidentally seen me stood up and applauded. Ruth
ran over and said, "Jesus girl. You are a star. Everyone was
amazed at how tough you were. Men told me the twenty dollar fee
was the bargain of all time and would pay that per lash if they
could do the whipping. You have really started something. A lot
of girls have agreed to ten dollars per lash as long as the cat
isn't used. I would too but Bill won't let me."
  "Really! I was proud of myself but I was afraid everyone else
would think I was crazy."
  "Well they do, kind of. At least to accept that much pain but
most think a lesser amount is exciting and thanks to you they
can get paid for it. Ted is overjoyed. The word is out and we
have been packed with customers."
  About that time Ted saw me and rushed over to hug me and say,
"God I am glad you are alright. Are you hating me?"
  I lifted my skirt and said, "No. I am fine. See? Just some
bruises that don't hurt at all."
  "Great! You have brought about a lot of changes."
  I saw what he meant when I went to the dressing room. The
wall between the punishment room and the dressing room had been
torn out to make one large room and a stage had been built.
Over the stage and on the back wall ropes with padded cuffs had
been put in and hooks in the stage to tie ankles. On the side
walls hung every type of whip or paddle imaginable. When I
asked him about it he said he had a crew work day and night the
day after I was whipped to get it ready. He brought me back to
show me other changes. The pipe I noticed nearly flush with the
stage floor raised up for spankings at the touch of a button
and another button caused "Stocks" to raise up out of the floor
to hold neck and wrists to keep someone bent over but with
breasts accessible while rings in the floor could hold her legs
open. The many hooks and rings could hold a person in almost
any position.
  He said, "The punishment schedule is still in effect but will
only apply to girls who don't volunteer. Girls have already
volunteered for the next six nights since they can avoid
standard punishments by substituting with a show where they can
choose the whip or paddle used and set their price for each
lash or spank. I have prepared notices of events for the
customers. Here are some examples. The girls get half the
income.
  He gave me some notices he had made on his computer. The one
for that night said, 
                        TONIGHT'S EVENT

  FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT JUNE HAS AGREED TO A PROGRESSIVE
SPANKING
  INCLUDING TEN SPANKS WITH WIDE LEATHER PADDLE, TEN WITH
FRATERNITY PADDLE, TEN WITH BROOMSTICK PADDLE AND FINALLY TEN
WITH RIDING CROP.
  ADMISSION FEE FORTY DOLLARS.
  
  Others included various whips or paddles and amounts with
admission fees higher for whippings. On some the girl would be
spanked or whipped by a nude girl. The one that got my
attention was this.
                               
                        TONIGHT'S EVENT

                 AUDIENCE PARTICIPATION NIGHT
  FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT BETH HAS AGREED TO BE WHIPPED ANYWHERE
ON HER BODY FROM ARMPITS TO MID THIGH WITH THE THONG WHIP BY
MEMBERS OF THE AUDIENCE FOR FIVE DOLLARS PER LASH. IF A WOMAN
EVER PISSED YOU OFF HERE IS YOUR CHANCE TO GET EVEN.LIMIT ONE
HUNDRED. GET YOUR REQUEST IN EARLY.
ADMISSION FEE FIFTY DOLLARS.
  
  My clit twinged. This was one of my fantasies and obviously
also Beth's.
  I asked Ted how we could keep the men from hitting too hard
or putting all the lashes just on breasts and pussy. He
answered, "You can't. That is why you should choose your whip
and amount carefully or specify how many lashes to each place.
Or you can have me give you a preliminary whipping to get you
excited before the audience takes over. Beth is really taking a
chance but it just seemed to excite her when I warned her that
her breasts and pussy were prime targets."
  I thought about it and decided it was unlikely all of them
would just hit pussies and I could take a lot there with the
thong whip anyway. I offered to volunteer that night but Ted
said, "We are booked for six days. Besides you should watch a
few sessions to decide on your whip and your limit." I booked
the seventh night telling him I would decide later on what I
would do. I must have known I would want to be bound wide open
because I spent my time off to do aerobics to limber up until I
could do the splits and backbends easily.
  I was at all the shows. It seemed much more exciting to
actually be in the same room as the girl being tortured and
when I asked they agreed the men so close made it better for
them. 
  June had a big round butt just begging to be spanked. Ted
really spanked hard and I don't think she could have taken the
last part without screaming hysterically without the first part
exciting and numbing her. I became as excited as the audience
and at one point I had men fucking my pussy and asshole while I
sucked a third. Ted gave me money before I left and I said,
"What is this for. I didn't get hurt."
  "The men paid for fucking you, dummy."
  That meant I was a whore making me the ultimate slut that
deserved all the pain in the world. If I had a decent bone in
my body I would have refused the money.
  The crowd got bigger at each event but the event I was really
looking forward to was Beth's.
  When Beth was naked and hung up Ted announced, "Thanks to our
generous audience. Beth will be taken to her limit. All one
hundred lashes have been sold. I think Beth had second thoughts
because she moaned, "Oh noo."
  She needn't have worried. The men seemed satisfied just to
have the thrill of whipping someone and didn't hit hard even
slacking off if she screamed spreading them all over her body
mostly on her ass and thighs. It became obvious the whipping
had just brought her just short of orgasm when at Ted's call
of, "Eighty!" She moaned, "Tits and pussy. Hit my tits and
pussy!"
  This emboldened the last man and he kept her tits jumping and
pussy squirming as she screamed, "I'm cumming! Don't stop!" She
took a hundred and five before letting her head drop in
exhaustion and moaned, "No more. Please no more."
  She was too exhausted to fuck but the men had the rest of us
to satisfy them.
  That convinced me. I had Ted make the following notice.
  
                        TONIGHT'S EVENT
  FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT BETH WANTS TO PROVE SHE IS THE BRAVEST
  GIRL HERE. SHE WILL ATTEMPT TO TAKE AN UNLIMITED AMOUNT OF
LASHES
     FROM HER SHOULDERS TO MID-THIGHS TIED FOR UTMOST ACCESS.
YOU WILL BE USING OUR WORST WHIP. THE "CAT" BE CAREFUL. THE
SESSION WILL END ONLY IF SHE BLEEDS. 

  Rather than strip I went out into the audience to let them
take off my clothes and feel my body including pinches to my
ass, nipples and pussy until I was gasping in excitement. I saw
Jim at the back of the audience with a woman. I was glad
thinking that when he saw how brave I was and that I wouldn't
be hurt bad he would want me back.
  Ted hung me from the ceiling and as I had requested pulled my
legs apart until I was doing the splits and I could see my
pussy gaping open completely vulnerable.
  It was just like Beth. The men could not resist fondling my
tight body and sticking their fingers into my gaping pussy to
increase my excitement before whipping me only hard enough to
make faint red lines and red blotches from the knots. As each
man came up he seemed amazed that my body was pulsating in
excitement and that my pussy was wet.
  Evidentally none of the men wanted to be blamed for ending
the session. They were careful to avoid hitting places bruised
by the knots that may make me bleed and made the knots hit on
the outside of my pussy lips on the few times it was hit. It
began to seem like endless foreplay that was keeping me at the
peak of excitement without the release of orgasm. At about
sixty without a scream I wanted more and moaned, "Harder. You
can hit harder."
  He did and concentrated on my nipples, inner thighs and pussy
lips. When he quit I felt terribly frustrated just at the edge
of orgasm. I had my eyes closed straining to get to orgasm when
I heard a woman's voice saying, "Look at me bitch. Jim thinks
you are brave but they have just been teasing you. I bought
twenty and you will scream!"
  She stuck all four fingers of her hand in my pussy jamming
her thumb into my clit saying loudly, "I knew it. You are
sopping wet. You aren't brave. You are just a slut!" I was
ashamed everyone knew  and moaned, "Yes. Hurt me. Hurt me bad!"
  "First I will prove how wet and loose you are. Look at this!"
  At that she jammed her fist into my pussy so deep her
bracelet hit my clit then as the audience cheered punched it in
and out stretching it horribly to make me more ashamed by
enjoying it.
  I gasped and moaned then she said, "Enough fun. It is time
for real pain."
  She stepped in front of me and began forehanding and
backhanding my breasts as hard as she could. I screamed at each
one as they jerked away from my chest wall burning and
throbbing while being covered with purple splotches.
  I screamed at the worst pain ever but then I found it could
get worse.
  She brought the cat around like a soft ball pitcher making
the knots rip into my open gash and asshole for the worst pain
ever. Incredibly I went into orgasms so strong I was about to
pass out from the rips to my pussy when someone screamed,
"Stop! Stop for Gods sake. She is bleeding."
  She gave me one more burying the knots inside then dropped
the whip. I must have passed out. I don't remember being let
down and woke up the next morning on Ted's couch. 
  I got up and limped over to the mirror feeling stabbing pains
around my rectum. My boobs were still slightly swollen, badly
bruised, and my nipples and clitoris were tingling. My pussy
was so swollen I had to pry the lips open but I couldn't see
any blood. When I bent over to look between my legs at my
rectum I saw it was covered with blood clots which explained
the stabbing sensations as the scabs dug into the sensitive
membranes when I walked.
  Ted came in with coffee saying, "Oh good. You are awake. How
do you feel?"
  "Pretty awful. My boobs and pussy are swollen and tingling
and it feels like cockle burrs around my rectum."
  "Yeah. That bitch was really mean. Do you know her?"
  "Yeah, she is my ex-boyfriend's new girl."
  "That explains it. Your boyfriend must have bragged about how
brave you are. The only place you were bleeding was around your
asshole. I got the bleeding stopped with styptic powder but
that caused the big scabs that bother you now. I think you have
healed so you can try soaking off the scabs in a hot bath and
then put on some salve. You won't get much sympathy from the
other girls. They think you were stupid to choose the Cat and
are sure the audience will not be satisfied now with light
whipping."
  I hadn't thought about that but it was probably true. After
all I craved new and greater pain so why shouldn't they want
more and more.
  As usual the baths and salve worked. The scabs and pain left
leaving only bruises that didn't hurt for a few days. Maybe
that was the problem. If the pain had continued longer I may
have lost the desire to be punished. When the pain left I would
only remember the intense excitement of the experience.
  It must have had the same effect on the other girls. Girls
that had only allowed spankings now accepted whiplashes to the
front of their bodies after becoming excited by the spanking
and other girls moved from the bootlace whip to the thongs.
After seeing the carnage to my body caused by the "Cat" no-one
chose it and even I was afraid of it.
  On my next "Show." I blew it. I decided to let the customers
tie me in any position they wanted for the lashes they bought.
Because of all the delays while each one changed my position I
would just be excited by the ten or twenty lashes and then lose
it when they stopped to change me. Each time I just experienced
pain that ended just as my excitement had me welcoming it. I
was only able to attain orgasm when the last man tied me in a
back bend over the pipe then gave me ten lashes on my pussy
unfortunately he had only bought ten that just brought me to
the edge. I screamed, "Oh God! Fuck me!"
  He dropped his pants and began lunging in to me so hard my
ass sunk into the pipe but I still couldn't cum until he
pinched my nipples digging in his thumbnails and jerked on them
to pull himself into me. I screamed, "Bite them! Make them
bleed!" By the time I reached ultimate orgasm my tits were
bitten until they were covered with blood.
  The next day Ted called me to his office and said, "The other
girls are really upset about you. You are causing the shows to
get worse and worse and some of the customers are complaining
that they should not have to pay for something you obviously
enjoy. They have given me an ultimatum. Either you go or else
they will no longer participate in shows. I have no choice.
These shows are bringing in a ton of money. I am going to let
you go."
  I was devastated! I had no-one else that could give me the
orgasms I craved more than a dope addict needs his "High."
  "No! Please! You can just set my limits and choose the whip."
  "That won't work. Just like last night you will beg for more
and will get it. I am afraid I will have to take you to a
hospital and won't be able to explain what happened to you."
  In desperation I cried, "If the girls are mad at me. Let them
cure me! Have them punish me until I swear I will never want
pain again."
  "God. That would make a fantastic show. I'll let them vote on
it."
  The next day he said, "Eight of the girls think they can cure
you. The others won't participate and will quit if you aren't
cured but I can afford to lose them and the eight girls said
that if you can take their punishment they won't complain
again."
  I thought that was great. I was sure the girls would have
empathy since they knew the pain I would suffer and quit before
I was badly hurt. I was also sure I would pass out if it got
too bad.
  The next day He put out a notice.

  "AS SOME OF YOU KNOW, BOBBIE HAS BECOME OBSESSED WITH PAIN
AND WANTS TO BE CURED. SHE HAS REQUESTED THE ULTIMATE
PUNISHMENT. EIGHT GIRLS WILL WHIP HER WITH ANYTHING THEY DESIRE
UNTIL SHE BEGS FOR RELEASE AND PROMISES SHE WILL NEVER ASK FOR
PAIN AGAIN.

  I planned to lie saying I wanted no more when I reached the
ultimate orgasm if they didn't give up first and let me
participate. If I had to stop them I would find a man to
continue to punish me. 
  That night the place was packed. I was tied in the familiar
"X" position to allow full access to my body. Evidentally Ted
had told them not to hurt me enough to need medical attention
so they avoided instruments that would cut me and instead made
it endless hitting non-erogenous zones on my back, lower legs
and rib bones causing excruciating pain until they were so
bruised they had to begin hitting my breasts and pussy until I
reached the ultimate orgasm. Even then they continued hitting
me and since I couldn't cum anymore the pain became terrible. I
moaned, "No More! I can't stand anymore."
  The girl hitting me sneered, "I don't believe you." and
continued hitting my swollen breasts and pussy while I screamed
until I was hoarse and finally fainted.
  I woke up when a bucket of ice water was thrown on me. I
found I was still tied but now upside down. Beth said, "With
your head down. You won't be able to fake another faint." Then
her and Shawn used switches to make double pain at my breasts
and pussy now renewed by the ice water. I continued to scream
until my voice was gone forgetting the speech I had to make to
stop it. They would not relent and I am sure I would have
needed medical attention when the door burst open and the room
filled with police.
  Evidentally the word had got out to the point the vice squad
became aware of the shows.
  It was terrible. My name was all over the news saying I had
willingly participated in a sadistic exhibition. My folks were
so embarrassed they left town. The police thought I was crazy
not to press charges against Ted and the girls for sexual
assault and Ted's lawyer was able to get the charges dropped to
just a lewd exhibition. Since the audience was so engrossed in
my punishment no-one was fucking to add prostitution charges.
He ended up paying a $500.00 fine.
  The only one who really suffered was me. The judge decided I
needed mental help and put me in this mental hospital.
  The psychiatrist is having me write this story to help me
realize how self-destructive my obsession is but it isn't
working. As I recall the incidents it just makes me excited.
  One of the guards understands me. He told me to tell the
psychiatrist that the last session had cured me and when I was
released he would give me all the erotic pain I could stand.
  The psychiatrist was not convinced until I told him I could
prove I was well by now being able to get orgasms without pain.
I proved it by masturbating in front of him faking excitement
until he said shakily, "You need the ultimate test." and took
off his clothes to fuck me. It was all I could do not to beg
him to bite or hurt me but I managed that and faked an orgasm
that convinced him especially when I thanked him profusely for
curing me.
  Bob is fantastic! He knows just how to hurt me enough to
bring orgasms without lasting damage and enrolls me in amateur
strip contests to satisfy my need for exhibitionism.
  For extra money he is very selective in finding men willing
to pay to whip me. I think it is ironic that some of my best
customers are cops.

                            THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





