BDSM Library - Coed Baby Sitter Bound And Abused




Coed Baby Sitter Bound And Abused
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: College coed Penney could use a few bucks, babysitting the weekend with a couple of adolescent kids seemed quite easy. Before she realized how wrong she was it was too late.
COED BABY SITTER BOUND AND ABUSED

Penny smiled as she packed her overnight bag for the weekend. Her parents were
abroad and she was short on cash, so this was a perfect opportunity to make some
quick cash. She spotted a baby-sitting job for the entire weekend that paid
rather well. Her friends thought she was going away for the weekend.

The house she would be baby-sitting at was about twenty minutes from campus, and
was isolated from surrounding houses. She felt rather proud when Mr. And Mrs.
Woods told her she had been selected out of about a dozen girls. They also
mentioned that it would be very important to keep discrete about this weekend.
They said it was for security reasons. Penny promptly mentioned she told no one
where she was going for the weekend.

Penny was a very attractive girl, she had blue eyes and shoulder length blonde
hair that she kept in a pony tail. Her skin was blemish free and a silky golden
brown. Her breast were of medium size, her legs were of exceptional length.
Penny was perfect in every way, her fingers were long and slender as were her
toes. She constantly gave herself pedicures to keep her feet attractive for the
summer months when she would be wearing sandals most of the time. Penny could
have passed as one of the models on the cover of any teen magazine.

She stood about five feet eight inches, her body was extremely well built, Penny
spent a lot of time swimming and playing tennis.

She arrived at the house about five o'clock, Mr. Woods told Penny that if the
boys wanted to have a couple of friends over it would be all right. With that
they left and I was alone with the boys. The boys were about twelve and
thirteen. They said they would be downstairs playing in the recreation room,
with that I sat down and started working on my homework. This was going to be a
long weekend she thought.

While doing my school work I overheard the boys talking. One of them said " Wow
she's much prettier then we thought." With that the other one said " I can't
wait to get started." I just overlooked their conversation thinking it was just
boy talk.

The boys came upstairs to ask me if their friends could come over, I told them
it would be all right. Soon I heard a knock on the door I opened it to see three
of their friends standing there. They seemed much older then the other boys but
I told them where the boys were and went back to my school work.

After a couple of hours of doing my school work I was becoming a little bit
sleepy. So I sat back to rest my eyes for a few minutes. I must have dozed off
for a few minutes, suddenly I felt someone grab my ankles and hold them together
then someone tightly wrapped something around them binding them tightly
together. I opened my eyes to find the five boys surrounding me. Next someone
covered my mouth with a wide piece of duct tape. Now my wrists were pulled
together and tightly secured. Before I even had a chance to realize what was
happening I had been tightly bound and gagged. I looked around at their smiling
faces not understanding what was happening.

They now said " Boy that was easy, let's bring her downstairs so we can get
started." With that all five of them picked up my struggling bound body and
started for the stairs.

Once downstairs they put me down onto a large pad, all around the pad were posts
secured to the floor. It looked like some type of exercising equipment.

The boys worked together untying my wrists, they held on to them so I couldn't
get loose. They quickly brought them up over my head then secured each one to
the post at each corner of the pad. Now they untied my ankles then brought each
ankle up bending my legs at the knee. Soon my ankles were secured at right
angles to my body, causing me to be bound in a very humiliating position.

The boys now told me some shocking and unbelievable things. " My parents chose
you to baby-sit us because of your flawless beauty. They knew we wanted to
experiment with someone to become experienced in all there is to know about
sex." The boy continued " We now have the entire weekend with you, we'll
experience having our cocks sucked, fucking you in your pussy as well as your
asshole. Some of our friends also want to see what it would be like to sexually
torture you."

This brought great fear to my eyes, I struggled to get loose but was to tightly
bound. Tears flowed down my cheeks. I could not believe this was happening to
me.

I looked up to see two of the boys with large sets of dress making shears. " We
know you have an overnight bag of clothing so we can cut away all of your
clothing without having to unbind you." "Then we can see that lovely body of
yours completely naked, and play with your little pussy."

They started cutting off my blouse, not even bothering with the buttons, soon
they started on my bra. My breasts were now completely exposed to their gazing.
They started playing with my breasts. I struggled, no boys have ever seen or
touched them. I was humiliated as they rubbed my exposed nipples, then pulled on
them and twisted them until they involuntarily became erect and stiff.

Now my shorts were being cut, then pulled from my body leaving only my pink
panties on. Soon those were cut and removed leaving me completely naked except
for my sneakers and socks. But now I felt someone untying my sneakers, then
removing them, soon my socks joined my sneakers, leaving my feet bare as well.

The boys excited now started exploring my defenseless naked body. The way they
had bound my legs left my virgin pussy and asshole completely exposed to their
probing fingers. I felt fingers being pushed into my dry pussy as well as my
tight little asshole. Other boys found my bare wriggling feet of interest. One
boy said " I always became excited at the sight of girls bare feet. Now I see
that I like fondling them it gives me quite a hard on." With that he continued
fondling my bare feet, soon joined by one of the other boys.

I struggled senselessly trying to free myself from their exploring fingers,
knowing that I would be at their mercy the entire weekend. How could I survive
the physical and mental abuse they would put me through.

One of the boys I was baby-sitting for came over with a canvas bag. " Look, I
found my father's bag of goodies." He then pulled out this strange looking
contraption. He came over to me after giving one of the boys some sort of
instructions. They removed the piece of duct tape from my lips, but before I had
a change to say anything they stuck this strange thing into my mouth. I
struggled to keep my mouth shut. But once they adjusted it and started turning
the small screw on the side of it, my mouth started to open. They continued
turning the screw until mouth was opened to the breaking point. It kept my mouth
opened wide. The ring in the center of my mouth had a large opening, I did not
know what this was for.

One of the boys remarked on how my pussy was so hairless. I had just shaved my
pussy hair for the summer. All the girls had done this because of their
swimsuits. This caused me further humiliation.

My attention was now on one of the boys. He had just removed his pants and was
approaching me. He kneeled over me and started to push his already stiff cock
through the opening in the center of the ring. Soon his stiff cock was gliding
down my throat. Now I realized what this contraption was for. I could not bite
down on this intrusion. They could stick their cocks down my throat, I was
completely defenseless.

The boy now pinched my nose, this caused me to try to push my tongue out of my
mouth to grasp for air. It also caused me to lick the under side of his cock
creating more pleasure to his stiff cock. They were very smart for their age,
they knew exactly what to do to make me cooperate without realizing it. One of
the other boys lifted up my head and placed a firm cushion under it. " We
don't want her choking when we fill her mouth up with come." The boys all
laughed.

The cock in my mouth continued pushing it's way deeply into my mouth, then
slowly withdrew it until only the tip was touching my lips, he continued this
humiliating act until suddenly my mouth filled up quickly with his hot come. To
stop from choking I had to continue to swallow until his cock finally spouted
it's last drop.

Another boy quickly took his place, again my mouth was used to give this boy's
cock a complete massage with my tender throat and tongue.

The other boy's removed their clothing and then circled my nude defenseless
body. One boy said " I think I'll see what it's like to eat a pussy." With
that he knelt between my legs and started to experiment on my tender pussy. I
shook at the first touch of his tongue. He stuck his tongue deeply into my pussy
and licked around inside. Then he continued licking and nipping around the area
just outside my pussy. The boys told him to suck and nip at my pussy lips. This
was painful, my pussy has never been touched in such a rough manner. He
continued licking up and down the length of my delicate slit. Soon my pussy was
becoming moist.

My bare breast were now being worked on. The licked and bit on my tender nipples
until they stiffened and became rock hard. Now they pulled at them and twisted
them until they felt like they were trying to rip them from my body.

Other boys were down around my bare feet. They stuck their tongues between my
bare toes, then sucked on my bare wriggling toes, soon my bare sensitive insteps
glisten with their saliva. Now they glided their erect cocks up and down the
slick bottoms of my feet, then between my toes. Soon I felt them come ,
squirting hot liquid all over my feet and between my wriggling toes.

The other boys were to excited to wait, they masturbated until their cocks
erupted. They covered my body from head to toe with their hot loads. I was
completely covered with come. As an added form of humiliation they rubbed the
puddles of come all over me until my entire body gleamed.

I started feeling a strange sensation in my pussy. They had been licking it now
for over an hour. Soon the blood in my body started soaring through my veins as
I started to experience my first orgasm. They continued licking at my pussy with
their hot tongues, their fingers were also probing in and around my sensitive
pussy.

After coming again one of the bigger boys climbed onto my body. I struggled
trying to yell through the gag, but only moans were heard. He guided his stiff
cock to my moist slit, then pushed it into my virgin cunt, he continued pushing
until his entire cock was deeply imbedded into my cunt. Now he started to piston
his cock in and out of my cunt, deflowering my precious womanhood. He moved
faster and faster causing me much pain and torment until he came. He shot his
entire load into my once virgin cunt. I could not hold back the tears of shame I
felt.

The next boy climbed on. He noticed my moist cunt juices were flowing down
between my asscheeks lubricating my exposed anus. He pushed his cock toward my
anus. This brought fear to my tearful eyes, this added more fuel to his already
excited body. I felt his cock slowly stretch the elasticity of my anus, then it
forced its way into my tender ass. It glided its way deeply into the bowel of my
once virgin ass.

My ass felt stretched much further then humanly possible. He rammed his cock in
without much concern of the pain I was feeling . He was only interested in the
pleasure he was feeling, soon he shot his load ,covering my smooth asscheeks.

The boys stamina was of endless energy. They had fucked me up my ass and pussy
repeatingly for the last three hours. I swallowed load after load of hot come.
My stomach ached from being bloated much more then I ever experienced. My vision
had become blurred from exhaustion. Through hazy eyes I noticed many more boys
around me. I also noticed much to my surprise a few girls were also here.

The boys now carried my exhausted body into the bathroom, they laid me down in
the tub. The girls were instructed to clean me up. They washed me down from head
to toe then called out to the boys to come and get me.



The boys brought me back to the recreation room and bound me in a much more
stringent position. Little did I realize they had been planning to perform many
more perverted and painful tortures to my still sensitive body.

I noticed that the girls as well as the boys had stripped naked. The girls were
only twelve or thirteen, their little bodies were just starting to show signs of
development. Their little pussies had small patches of pubic hair. The girls
breast were just starting to swell into little mounds.

They had bound my wrist together above my head. Then they pulled my legs above
my head bending my body in half. Now they pulled my legs out to each corner. Now
my ankles were secured to the top corners of the pad. This position caused my
pussy and anus to become much more vulnerable then before.

Now they came over to me with another strange device. They proceeded to attach
it to both my legs, the area just above my thighs. They attached these strange
types of clamps to just inside my vagina on both sides, then they worked on
adjusting them until my tender pussy lips were spread open. They were opened as
wide as they could be pulled. I was starting to perspire and struggled to free
them from my sensitive pussy, but they were secured in such a way it was totally
impossible to shake them loose. This clamps opened my pussy lips unnaturally
wide exposing my inner private area. The pinkish sensitive inner walls of my
pussy were shamelessly exposed to the gaze of all these young kids. I was
defenseless to do anything about it. Soon the ballgag was also strapped tightly
in place.

The boys now handed the girls these small penlight type instruments and told
them to have some fun for the next couple of hours. The girls giggled in
anticipation to what they were about to do.

One girl slowly pushed the end of one of these probes into my stretched open
pussy, as soon as it was part way in she pushed a little button on the side of
it. My body rocked and convulsed into painful spasms. I found out now that these
were tiny gadgets that sent out powerful electrical shocks. Another girl touched
the delicate tip of one of my nipples, then sent a strong surge through my
quivering breast. It was so painful that I started to shake uncontrollably. Now
my anus was zapped, God how much more could I stand. Again my pussy was charged
, then my anus , now both my breast. My body shook from the pain, sweat covered
my entire body causing the electrical surges to become much more powerful. Now
my bare feet became a target, first they sent strong shocks surging through my
delicate tender heels, my insteps, now they slowly started zapping each of my
bare wriggling toes. The sensitive webbing between my toes was also a target.

They continued this painful torture for the next couple of hours. My complete
nervous system was causing my entire body to spasm uncontrollably. I shook and
twisted from the severe pain my entire body was experiencing. I never thought
one could experience such pain without passing out. The girls were careful to
slow down when they thought that I was about to lose consciousness. Then they
would increase the tempo when I looked awake. My pussy was dripping excessively,
juices flowing down between my ass crack forming a large puddle beneath my bound
and shuddering body.

These young girls enjoyed torturing my naked bound and gagged body. They found
it excited them to be able to abuse another girl. Soon I would be learning other
ways to please each of these girls. But for now I drifted into a much over due
unconsciousness.

When I drifted back I heard the girls giggling. Them were amusing themselves
with my stretched open pussy. They were taking turns inserted their little toes
into my pussy. Their toes were little so they were able to push almost all five
toes into my aching hole. One girl insisted on pushing part of her foot into my
cunt, opening it wider then I thought possible. Then when their toes were well
lubricated with my pussy juices they would insert their toes into my glistening
anus. I felt one of them force at least three of her wriggling toes into my
small anus. The pain was unbearable. But my discomfort didn't matter much to
these twelve year olds.

They now with the boys help retied me into a different position. They wanted to
experience what it was like to have their little undeveloped pussies licked and
sucked. Other girls wanted to play with my pussy and ass with a couple of large
vibrating dildoes.

I was now bound on my belly with my ankles and wrists stretched , then bound
together. This would allow the girls to torture my already sensitive pussy and
anus, while another could use my mouth as a licking tool to lick and suck on
their moist virgin cunts.

The first excited girl sat in front of my face, the boys removed the mouth
piece. I was to exhausted to even utter any verbal plead for mercy. I knew it
would not come. After all in was still only Friday night, I still had the entire
weekend to endure the unspeakable acts they would have me perform for their
pleasure.

My tongue started licking the little pussy that pushed itself into my face. I
pushed deeply into her little slit, then licked her little pussy lips, soon she
had my tongue licking up and down her ass crack. I pushed my tongue at her
puckered anus then unto and into her moist slit. My self esteem was slowly being
stripped from me.

Meanwhile the other two girls were enjoying the torment they were inflicted to
my raw and sensitive pussy and anus. They pushed these large vibrating dildoes
into my pussy and anus, then turned them on to the highest setting. My body
would convulse violently and shudder uncontrollably. Soon I felt the blood surge
through my body. Then without warning my body would spasm and shake while it
experience a much involuntary but powerful orgasm.

They would change places as soon as I licked the cunt and anus in my face to a
strong and powerful orgasm. This went on for a couple of more hours. I was
exhausted and again drifted into a deep sleep, but not before they strapped a
strange looking harness around my waist, now the boys pushed a large diode into
my sore cunt, then another was pushed into my anus They were quickly turned on
at a low but constant speed. Now they were secured into place with a belt on the
harness that ran between my legs. The clamps holding my pussy widely open were
left in place.

I was only unconscious for a little less then an hour. I awaken to find the boys
had found another form of torture for my body to experience. My body had been
rebound . I laid on my back with my legs pulled up, my ankles again tied to my
wrists. The harness and vibrators had been removed. A ballgag had been placed
into my mouth.

The boys had found a box of pins, small but very sharp. They had started to
stick them into my breast, the pain was severe. My nipples were played with
until they stiffened, then to slowly pushed pins into the blood gorged tips. My
body shook trying to dislodge them ,but it was no use. Now I felt pin pricks on
my ass cheeks. They held open my ass cheeks and inserted pins into my puckered
anus and up and down my sensitive ass crack.

The hollows behind my knees was sensitive so they pushed a series of pins into
the area on both my legs. The tips of my bare toes was their next target, soon
all my toes were stinging with pain. The webbing between my toes was now
attacked, the pain was mind boggling. My tender silky soft insteps was now
loaded with many pins. My pinkish soft heels were not spared.

The girls had now started pushing vibrators in and out of my pussy and anus. I
could not believe it but through all the pain the boys were inflicting upon my
sweating shaking body, I was still starting to become aroused, a much more
deeper sensation starting soaring through my body until it surfaced into one of
the most powerful orgasm I have ever experienced. Another one quickly followed,
they were happening one after another. I could not believe how strong each
became.

After the boys had tired, they had the girls shower me and clean me up for the
next round of abuses they could inflict upon my once virgin body.

I was allowed to sleep the rest of the night. Now it was early morning, the kids
must have went home but quickly returned at the crack of dawn to further
experiment with their feelings and my already over abused body.

I heard the boys tell the girls they had dreamed up another type of abuse that
they might enjoy helping them perform on my innocent mind and body. The girls
giggled and quickly responded in agreement. With that they came over to prepare
me for what was in store for me.

As they started to bind me in a position for their next round of events they
noticed that I had changed. They sensed that they had broken my mind. I had
become an obedient pawn for their little experiments. I could not believe that
just the night before I came here, proud of my beauty, beauty that was untouched
by any male hands. Now my mind and body had been exposed to do whatever these
kids could dream up. Every intimate part of my body had been violated in every
imaginable way possible.

Penny's wrists were pulled above her head, her body was lifted up to reach the
exercise rings secured into the ceiling. Penny had to stand on the tips of her
toes. Now the boys pulled her leg out from under her and tightly bound her ankle
to her upper thigh. Soon the process was done to her other leg. Her bound wrists
now supported the full weight of her body. The girls pushed a large round basin
under her body. The boys put the strange mouth piece back into her mouth, again
stretching her mouth opened almost to the breaking point.

Next to her already sweating body they hung a enema bottle. It seemed full to
the max. They inserted the tip into Penny's sensitive anus, then released the
shut off clamp. Soon Penny felt her anus rapidly filling with the warm contents
of the bottle. Soon her belly became extended. They quickly pulled out the tip
and replaced it with a large rubber butt plug.

After a couple of minutes the contents in her belly came alive, Penny felt her
insides starting to burn, her anus itched. She now found out what was in the
bottle. It was a pepper solution the boys had prepared. Penny's body started to
convulse and shudder uncontrollably. The pain was causing her to become
delirious. Her anus was burning up, she had never experienced such horrible
pain. Just when she thought in could not get any worse, they inserted the tip
into her vagina pushing it in as far as it would go, now again the hot liquid
was released. It flowed quickly into her tender opening, she already was
starting to feel the effects of this nasty liquid. Her pussy was starting to
burn and itch all at once. The sensitive inner walls of her pussy burned and
itched. They quickly plugged up her burning pussy with another rubber plug. The
liquid had no where to go but further into her already pulsating body.

The girls now came over to Penny, they had with them a small plastic bottle
filled with a yellowish liquid. They pulled up the squirt top on the bottle and
inserted it into Penny's outstretched mouth. The liquid found it's way down
Penny's Throat. The pain soaring through Penny's body was causing her to
become light headed and hazy. She came back to life quickly when the girls told
her that she was drinking their piss. They told her they all took turns filling
the bottle with their piss until the bottle was filled to the brim. Now she was
told they would slowly pour it into her outstretched mouth until it was
completely empty. No matter how long it took.

Penny's body thrashed about so severely they thought she would injure herself.
How could these kids be so cruel. The thought that she still had two days left.
To spend at their mercy caused tears to flow down Penny's now red cheeks. Her
body ached from this severe torture, her stomach became even more bloated as the
girls continued pouring their warm piss down her throat. Penny finally started
to slip into an unconscious state, the pain was beyond what a human body could
endure.

After a couple more hours of tormenting and torturing Penny with the pepper
solution enemas and the force drinking of the young girls piss they stopped and
the girls took her to the bathroom to clean her up.

Penny was brought back powder fresh and sparkling clean. The boys had devised
another form of humiliation to put Penny through. Penny was gagged, then put
down on a padded chair. The kegs of the chair were very short. They lifted each
leg over the chair's arms. Then they were bound in place at first the ankles,
then just above her knees. This kept her legs spread wide exposing both her
pussy and anus.

Now she was instructed to play with her self until she became wet. Once she was
wet they told her to lubricate her anus. They told her they had a little treat
in store for her. Penny completely broken obediently obeyed this devious
command. She started rubbing her aching vagina up and down, occasionally she
would push her fingers into her wet pussy to get them moist. Soon her pussy was
flowing with her own juices. She now smeared her anus with her own love juices.
Penny's anus was becoming well lubricated, she pushed her moist fingers into
her anus past the tight rubbery ring to completely lubricate herself.

Now the boys produced a large cordless bullet shaped vibrator and instructed
Penny to push it into her anus until it was swallowed up. Penny's eyes swelled
up with tears not believing what she would have to endure. She now took the
bullet shaped vibrator and worked it up into the channel way of her anus. She
slowly pushed it forcing it to enter her already sore anus. She pushed on it
until the rubbery ring of her anus opened up to receive this new intrusion. Now
the largest part of the vibrator was past her anus opening, she pushed until the
rubbery ring closed holding this the vibrator in place. They laughed at Penny's
discomfort.

Another cordless vibrator was handed to her. She was instructed to use it to
play with herself. They told her they would control the speed of the vibrator.
The speed was on low, Penny rubbed it against her nipples until they stiffened,
then she was told to start working it around her pussy, also she was told to
push it deeply into her little cunt.

Penny did as she was told, her nipples were stiff, now she used her other hand
to play with her nipples. The vibrator was moving around her wet pussy, this
started to arouse Penny, she now pushed it deeply into her worked up cunt. The
speed was now turned up, Penny was starting to sweat profusely. Her body shook
and shuddered as she experienced a strong powerful orgasm. As Penny shook from
the orgasm they quickly turned on the vibrator in her anus. This heighten her
orgasm to new heights. Penny shook violently until her orgasm subsided. Her body
was so conditioned that her twitching cunt spurted her love juices straight out
onto her nude body. Penny was now told by one of the girls to scoop up her love
juices and rub them all over her face and naked breast. Penny's did this until
her face and breast gleamed with her pussy juices.

The girls spotted how erect her nipples still were. They quickly pulled on them,
then pushed a series of rubber bands onto them to the base of each nipple. This
held each nipple unnaturally erect. Now they started torturing Penny's nipples
with emery boards. They started to become a deep red. Penny moaned from this new
torture, but the girls were not done yet. As soon as they became an angry red
color they stopped and lightly patted on some of the pepper solution they used
on her cunt and asshole.

This caused Penny to convulse from the fiery burning she was now experiencing.
The boys told her to continue with the vibrator, or she would suffer some new
torment. Penny pushed the vibrator back into her swollen pussy, she worked it
around until again she started to become aroused. She could not understand how
she could again become aroused through all the pain her body was feeling.
Another orgasm ripped through her body.

Penny could not stop rubbing her cunt with the vibrator, she wanted to continue
reaching these strong orgasms. She did not know how this change came over her.
She did not realize that through her conditioning they had reduced this lovely
college coed to a broken sex slave, a slave to her subconscious craving to
experience multiple orgasms. She can not control the urging she felt. Her whole
life as she once know it was going to change. Penny would not have any control
over it. These young adolescence kids had broken and transformed Penny into a
sex slave, she would be used to fulfill all the sexual commands they could dream
up. They had complete control of Penny's mind and body.

Her gag was now removed and the first boy stood in front of her. Penny was
ordered to start sucking on his stiff cock. Penny obediently opened her mouth
and slid his cock deeply down her throat. She licked around the spongy head then
glided her lips up and down the length of his cock, meanwhile Penny was still
rubbing her twitching cunt with the vibrator trying to reach another orgasm.
Soon his cock erupted in her mouth, she quickly gulped down his hot come.

The next cock was now shoved down her throat, but the boy instructed Penny not
to swallow his come. He wanted her to hold it in her mouth until he was
finished, then she was to open her mouth and slowly let it dribble onto her
body, then she could rub it all over her breast and face. Penny worked
feverishly sucking his cock, pushing it in and out, gliding her tongue ever so
lightly around his sensitive penis. His cock started spurting out his hot come.
Penny let it fill her mouth, then she tilted her head, opened her mouth and
slowly let it drip onto her sore and swollen breast. Then she rubbed it all over
her still bound nipples, then rubbed her entire face with it. One of the girls
now stood in front of Penny. She told Penny to start sucking and lick her pussy
until she was satisfied. Penny pushed her tongue into the little girls bald and
pinkish pussy, she licked around deeply inside her tender pussy. Then she nipped
at her delicate clit, the girl could not hold back she came and shook violently.
Her pussy sent her love juices all over Penny's already come soaked face.

The next young creature stood in front of Penny, then turned around, she shoved
her ass into Penny's face and told Penny to start licking up and down her ass,
to slowly stick her tongue into her puckered anus. With that the young girl
pulled her asscheeks widely apart. Penny was broken and humiliated. How much
more could she take. Now she licked the tender crack of this adolescent little
thirteen year old. Then her tongue pushed it's way into her tight little anus.
The girl was enjoying having her ass licked very much. Penny was also
experiencing joy from another orgasm from the vibrator she had stuck so far up
her cunt.

The young girl was starting to sweat from the pleasure she was feeling, she
turned around and had Penny lick her pussy. Soon the girl started to shake from
the powerful orgasm she was experiencing.

Penny worked hard to bring these young kids to orgasm after orgasm. At the
beginning they would come fast, but as they were tiring, Penny would have to
work much harder to bring them to their orgasm.

This went on for a couple of more hours. She sucked cock after cock, cunt after
cunt, it was endless. Penny through all this managed to keep herself satisfied.
Between the now highly turned up vibrator in her ass and the one she worked in
and out of her cunt, the orgasms couldn't come fast enough for Penny's craving
for release.

Meanwhile a boy and girl whom discovered their foot fetish were working on
Penny's bare feet. It was Penny's misfortune that she spent so much time
pampering her lovely feet. The bottoms of Penny's feet were silky smooth and
soft. Her heels were pinkish, her insteps were whitish and very tender. Penny's
toes were perfectly formed, long and slender with perfect pedicures. They licked
up and down the bare bottoms of Penny's lovely feet, then they sucked on each
of her long slender toes, one at a time. Soon they could not take it any longer.
The girl pushed Penny's toes into her dripping pussy, she used Penny's toes to
bring herself to a much needed orgasm, her pussy juices flowed down the entire
length of the bottom of Penny's foot. Now the boy rubbed his cock up and down
her bare foot, soon he shot a load of hot come between Penny's bare wriggling
toes, his come dripped down the bottom of penny's foot onto her bound thigh.

Penny now over heard a couple of the boys talking to the girls. They were
boosting on how perfect it had been to have chosen Penny to become their
plaything for the weekend. Her beauty was beyond their expectations, along with
her strong atlethic body. They had found overwhelming satisfaction and
fulfillment in every part of her body, from the tips of her fingers to the tips
of her toes. Every group member had experienced satisfaction. Her stigma was
unbelievable, she must had worked out on a regular basis to be in such shape.
They were looking forward to abusing her with their experiments in sexual
torture for the rest of the weekend.

One of the girls came over to the boys to show them Penny's cell phone. It was
beeping, meaning there was a message on it. The boys played the message. It was
a friend of Penny's. The girl said " Penny, this is Kim calling, it's
Saturday morning and it seems that I am along, I guess everyone went some place
for the weekend. Call me back if you want to hang out for a while." One of the
boys asked Penny what Kim looked like. Penny replied " Kim is very tall with
blonde hair and very atlethic, on school break she usually takes on modeling
jobs to help pay her school expenses.

The kids became quite excited and started talking amongst themselves. " We
conditioned Penny in such a short length of time to become our willing sex
slave. She will do anything we instruct her to do, imagine the fun of having
another lovely coed to amuse ourselves with." They all agreed, they went back
to talk to Penny.

Penny was instructed to call Kim and invite her over, Penny was kept with her
legs still bound to the chair, to keep her under their control they kept both
vibrators humming in her cunt and pussy. " Hello Kim, I didn't want anyone to
know, but I was short cash so I took a job baby-sitting for the weekend, why
don't you drop by and we can hang out for a while." Kim agreed, Penny gave her
directions and told her not to tell anyone. Kim asked her if since it was only a
few miles from campus if she jogged over if she could take a shower? She said
she could bring a clean pair of shorts and a top, it wouldn't be much to carry.
Penny said it would be fine, then hung up.

Penny was showered by the girls, then the boys gagged and hog-tied her, but not
before they inserted a couple of powerful vibrators into her sore pussy and
anus. She was then carried into the back room and laid onto a exercise mat. The
boys turned both on to medium speed. They closed the door, but could hear Penny
moan loudly through her gag. They just laughed and went upstairs to devise a
plan to abduct her girlfriend Kim.

They took out a bottle of spring water and then broke open a couple of capsules
of the sedative they had found in the medicine cabinet. They shook up the bottle
until it completely dissolved and disappeared. Now they anxiously waited for Kim
to arrive.

About an hour later the doorbell rang, One of the boys told everyone to go
downstairs and keep quiet, he and his brother would greet her. When they opened
the door they could not believe what they saw. The both of them became giddy,
but quickly caught themselves. Kim was a beautiful blonde, her hair was straight
and about shoulder length, her eyes were deep blue. She was wearing a light blue
cotton jogging outfit with sneakers and white cotton socks. Kim was lightly
perspiring and breathing a little heavy from her jog. She asked if this was the
right house that her girlfriend Penny was suppose to be baby-sitting at. The
boys told her that Penny just stepped out to pick up some food at the store. She
told us to make you comfortable. With that Kim came in and sat on the couch. She
dropped her change of clothing next to her, she had a pair of shorts and a tank
top. The boys smiled at each other. " Kim would you care for a bottle of spring
water ?" one boy anxiously asked. " That would be nice thank you." Kim
replied. The boys gave Kim the drugged bottle of spring water. Kim thanked them
and quickly chugged down almost the entire bottle. The boys excused themselves,
they said their were working on their homework in the study. They wanted to
leave Kim alone so she would relax, that would make the sedative work much
quicker.	With that they left the room, only to keep a watch on her from around
the corner.

The boys mentioned to each other how fresh and clean she smelled, even after her
jog, which was about five miles.

About ten or twelve minutes passed, they looked in and saw Kim slouched to one
side. They went up to her and softly called out to her. There was no reply, to
be safe the boys gently pulled her arms together on her lap and worked at
binding her wrists together, then while one held her ankles together the other
quickly bound them together. For extra safety they worked quickly further
binding her knees and elbows. They smiled and called out to the rest of the
gang. " Wow, they said she's even more beautiful they we thought she would be.
Her body is also great." Another one said " I can't wait to strip her and
explore those intimate little private area's that has kept us all so happy with
Penny." With that they attached the ball gag to her mouth and carried her
downstairs.

Looking back in at Penny they noticed how she was twitching and shuddering, her
body was coated with her own lovely sweat. They now carried Penny's twitching
body back into the other room, they laid her down below Kim. They then covered
her with a heavy blanket, they wanted Kim to see what was going to happen to
her. Soon Kim would be joining her.

Kim had been bound in the chair with her arms pulled above her head, this would
keep them out of the way. Her ankles were bound to the chairs bottom legs, then
a wide belt secured around her belly, holding her firmly to the chair. She was
started to come out of her little sleep now, everyone was waiting anxiously. Kim
opened her eyes and saw all these young kids gathered around her, then she tried
to move, that was when she had realized she had been bound and gagged. She had
never felt so humiliated.

" Hi Kim, welcome back, we have some special plans for you." One of the boys
said. Another one added, "To give you a hint of what we mean just let us show
you your friend Penny."

With that they pulled the blanket off of Penny's sweating body. Penny did not
hear them talking because of the heavy blanket, also she was starting to
experience another powerful orgasm. Kim was horrified, she looked at Penny's
naked bound and gagged body. Never had she seen anything so humiliating, she
noticed the strange shaft sticking out of Penny's cunt, she never seen a
vibrator before. "We started Penny's conditioning last night, just look how
successful we have been." " Before the last few hours Penny was as innocent as
you. Now her body can't experience these orgasms fast enough. She has even
become quite experienced at satisfying all the kids sexual demands." "Soon you
will understand what we mean."

"It's time to start your training, thanks for bringing the extra set of
clothing, we can just cut away what you are wearing without having to untie
you." Kim struggled most violently trying to free herself, the thought of all
these kids seeing her naked was just to much. But they had done their work well
Kim was bound and gagged most securely. With that the boys started cutting away
at her jogging top, then it was torn from her body, leaving her pretty little
sports bra revealed. This was now cut and removed from her perfectly formed
breast. They admired how smooth and silky they wear, they quickly played with
them, rubbing her tender nipples until they involuntarily hardened. Kim's
pretty face had turned red from embarrassment, no one had ever saw her proud
breast naked.

Meanwhile the girls had been busy cutting off her jogging pants, what a lovely
sight. Kim had the longest and smoothest legs, The only clothing left was her
panties and sneakers and socks. They sliced both sides of her panties, then
pulled them out from between her legs, leaving her virgin pussy completely
exposed. "Wow" one of the boys said. " Her pussy is completely hairless,
thanks Kim you must of knew we were coming." The boy joked. "So far she is
perfect in every way, now let's see if our foot lovers will be as fortunate."
With that then started to remove her sneakers and socks. They untied her
sneakers and pulled them from her wriggling feet, then they slowly removed her
socks leaving her feet as bare as the rest of her. Her feet were just as
exquisite, she also spent much time pampering them. Her bare heels and insteps
were silky soft, her toes were long and slender, perfectly formed and nicely
pedicure. They put their noses up between her sweating and wriggling toes. The
aroma was powder fresh even after her jog.

Kim was terrified, she could not believe this was happening, she looked down to
see Penny's eyes staring up at her. Penny had a sorrowful look in them, Kim
realized Penny must have been lured here to become a victim to these sick minded
kids.

Kim looked back at the kids at her feet, a boy was at one foot and a girl at the
other. They were both licking the bare bottoms of her feet, first her pinkish
heels were licked, then they started on her tender milkiest white insteps. Their
tongues followed their way to the tender area just below her toes. One by one
they sucked on each toe starting with her cute little toes, then working their
way slowly to each toe. They would spend a little time sucking each toe. Finally
they were becoming to heated, first the girl pushed Kim's wriggling toes into
her moist pussy, then glided them up and down, massaging her sensitive little
clit until she shuddered from the strong orgasm she felt. The bottom of Kim's
foot now glisten from the girl's come. The boy was next, he glided his cock up
and down the sensitive bottom of Kim's foot, soon his cock exploded sending
come in-between Kim's delicate toes, it then dripped downward coating the
bottom of her bare foot.

They now were working at changing Kim's position, first they inserted the mouth
piece used to keep her lovely mouth spread wide open, then her legs were
carefully held while they worked on spreading them and tying each ankle to the
arm of each chair, last her knees were pulled even further apart, then securely
bound. Now every intimate part of Kim's body was fully exposed.

Kim did not know the purpose of this strange mouth piece, she was about to find
out though. A naked boy straddled her body, legs on both sides of her head, then
he slowly inserted his stiff penis between her lips. Kim started to panic, she
tried to plead with him but the words were muffled by his cock. He smiled as he
slowly pushed it down her lovely throat, she gagged and involuntarily glided her
tongue along the underside of his cock, causing the boy much pleasure. He glided
his cock slowly down her throat, then slowly back out. The effect of Kim's soft
lips rubbing against his cock was becoming to much, his hot come spurted out and
down Kim's throat. To keep from choking Kim had to keep swallowing until he had
fully emptied every drop down her throat. Kim was devastated to think how she
had been violated, forced to suck on a boy's cock.

Through the ravishing of Penny's body, these kids all found what they liked.
The boy and girl discovered their foot fetish, others liked their cocks or cunts
sucked on. A couple of the boys enjoyed ravishing their slaves anus, while
others liked just normal cunt fucking.

After sucking on a couple more cocks, her anus was to be violated, when the boy
started playing with her tiny puckered anus, Kim realized what he was about to
do. She struggled and desperately tried to avoid this anal rape. But she had
been bound in the most stringent way, with her anus clearly accessible, they was
no avoiding this next form of torture unto Kim's defenseless body. Soon she
felt the head at the entrance of her delicate anus. The boy pushed slowly until
he felt her anus give way to the head of his cock, he slowly pushed until he was
in to the hilt. Kim thought she would pass out from the pain, now he pulled back
until he was just about to pull out , then back in he went, he pushed in, then
out, in, then out. Kim was twitching and struggling to stop this torment, but
the boy had previously jerked off, so he could enjoy raping this lovely coed's
anus much, much longer. Soon he finally exploded sending his hot come deeply
into her violated rectum.

Penny watched through tear stained eyes at her friends ravishment, she could not
believe that she was responsible for her friends misfortune, but something was
happening to Penny, watching them ravish her best friend was starting to excite
her, soon she was reaching another orgasm, she was experiencing orgasm after
orgasm at her best friends expense.

The next boy was interested in Kim's sweet little pussy, he mounted Kim and
started toying with her tender little nipples until then hardened. Then he aimed
his lubricated cock at the entrance of Kim's pussy. Kim's body had started to
become exhausted from all this abuse. She tried to resist, but had no strength
left. He rubbed his cock all around the outer lips of Kim's pussy, then slowly
pushed, he enjoyed the tightness her cunt being so tight sent shivers through
his body, as with Kim she experienced nothing but pain. Feeling the virgin walls
of her cunt massage his cock sent waves of pleasure through his body. He felt
something when he was about half way in, he just lunged forward breaking through
the barrier, that was once Kim's cherry. He pumped in and out, squeezing her
nipples and pulling on them. Kim was in constant agony, never had she
experienced such pain and humiliation. She did not even think this much abuse
existed.

Kim's mind and body had become numb, they worked her over relentlessly, every
intimate cavity had been ravaged repeatedly. Her pussy was aching, as well as
her once tight little asshole. Her mouth was sore from sucking on so many cocks.
Kim's body glistened from not only her own sweat, but from all the hot come
these boys discharged over every inch of her once virginal body. Her sweet
little bare feet were dripping come and pussy juices, the bottoms of her feet
gleamed as the fluids dripped down them to coat her bound thighs. Cock after
cock entered her sore and red pussy, cock after cock pushed it's way up her
tight asscrack. Her mouth worked feverishly sucking each cock till they filled
her mouth with hot come.

The boys were starting to tire, they helped the girls bring Kim's bound body
into the bathroom so they could clean her up. Then it would be their turn. Kim
would be devastated when she found out what these adolescent girls expected of
her.

Kim was now back and bound in the same revealing position. The first little girl
came over to Kim after she removed her clothing, she straddled Kim and stuck her
hairless pussy up to Kim's lips and told her to start licking her. Kim had
become dizzy, she could not believe what she was hearing, they had removed her
gag in order for her to accommodate them. Kim shook her head refusing to perform
such a lewd act. One of the boys came over to her and whispered into her ear.
"Do anything and everything they want or we'll slice off your stiffened little
nipples and put them into your mouth and have you eat them, then we'll find
something worse then that to do to your lovely body."

Kim was horrified and trembling at the boys threat. How could young kids become
so jaded. The girl again pushed her hairless pussy to Kim's lips. Kim was
shattered and scared. Her lips opened and her tongue licked this little girls
pussy. She was ordered to stick her tongue deeply into her moist pussy and lick
around. Kim stuck her tongue deeply into her little pussy and licked and sucked,
she wanted to satisfy this young girl. The little girl now spurted her love
juices into Kim's face.

The next young girl backed up to Kim's mouth and spread her asscheeks. She told
Kim to start licking up and down her crack, now she was ordered to stick her
tongue into her puckered little anus. Kim humiliated did as she was told. She
would never be the same after being made to perform such lewd sex acts. The
girls little ass crack now gleamed with Kim's saliva. The girl panted and
groaned, she turned around and had Kim lick her cunt to a powerful orgasm.

For the next couple of hours Kim sucked and licked each girls pussy and asshole,
the girls were just as relentless as the boys. This was new to them so they
could not get enough, their virginal and inexperienced little bodies loved the
powerful orgasms they were experiencing. Before Kim was about to suck and lick
the next pussy they had blindfolded her. Now she felt the next pussy in her
face, she stuck her tongue deeply into the girls moist slit then started licking
and sucking feverishly at it. Now the girl turned around and Kim stuck her
tongue into the girl's asshole, she pushed past the rubbery ring, then licked
the delicate inner walls. Next the girl turned back around so Kim could finish
her off to experience a strong orgasm. The girl sprayed her love juices all over
Kim's face, there was so much it dripped down coating her stiffened little
nipples. Her blindfold was now removed, Kim was shocked and humiliated, she had
just sucked her best friend's pussy and asshole, Penny's face was also red
with shame.

Penny was now forced to kneel between her best friends legs, she knew what they
expected of her, her tongue started nipping and sucking on Kim's pussy, her
tongue darted into her friends anus and up and down her asscrack. Kim struggled
to avoid this ravishment by her best friend. But soon she started to become
aroused, even against her will, her body was portraying her, she had no control
at what she was starting to feel. Kim's body started sweating and shaking
uncontrollably. Then she started to feel this strange sensation, her body bucked
and twitched violently, she had never felt such a powerful orgasm. She shook and
twitched for what seemed like an eternity until finally her orgasm subsided.

Penny continue eating Kim's pussy for the next hour or so, Kim had come many
more times, her friend could not get enough of her pussy. Finally they pulled
Penny's body off of Kim's now exhausted and spent body.

The kids could not believe how easy it was to change these pretty little coeds,
from being innocent and naive, to become broken both physically and mentally.
They had become perfect sex toys for these kids to enjoy for another day and a
half. They had many more dark and sinister ideas to try on their two lovely
little sex.

The boys had dreamed up a perfect way to keep themselves entertained, it would
be at Kim's expense though. They were going to test Kim's physical and mental
endurance through some heavy means of torture.

Kim being very athletic should be able to put on quite a show for them, this
would also give the boys a chance to rest.

They brought her bound body to a padded bench, the top and bottom of the bench
was equipped with a mounted pulley. Kim was told to lay down on the bench, then
they pulled her bound wrists back and above her head, her feet were kept tied at
the ankles and pulled down to the foot of the bench. A rope was secured to both
her wrists and ankles, then pulled through the pulleys to hang down on both ends
of the bench.

The boys now attached a type of equipment that was used to add weights to when
working out. Now they added some weights to both ends. Kim's arms and ankles
were swiftly pulled downward, causing her body to become taut. The boys smiled
at Kim's discomfort. Not satisfied they added much more weight, Kim also had a
penis gag stuffed into her mouth, so she was only able to moan.

Meanwhile the girls were becoming horny again, so they pulled Penny's exhausted
body to the other end of the room. She was kneeling with her wrists and ankles
bound together. The first girl sat on a stool in front of Penny's face, Penny
knew what was expected of her so she started licking and sucking on her
adolescent pussy. She pushed her tongue in and out of this little pussy, licked
up and down her asscrack, then played with her puckered anus with arousing
little licks, soon the girl achieved a much powerful orgasm, she was replaced
with the next young girl.

The weight was starting to do their work, Kim's body was starting to have
spasms, her calves were twitching violently from the unnatural pulling of her
muscles. Sweat now coated her body creating a nice sheen. Kim's pain was
unbelievable, she had never experienced such pain, the weights had a much
further way to go before they would reach the floor. She felt as though her body
was going to be torn apart.

She noticed how much enjoyment the boys were having by watching her body twitch
and shudder uncontrollably. They were getting much pleasure watching her suffer.
They would walk around her and observe her muscles being stretched beyond what
they thought possible.

Soon Kim's body was stretched to it's limit, the boys admired their handy
work. They glided their hands up and down her tightly stretched body, her
sweating skin was so taut, they could not even pinch her skin. Sweat dripped
from her shuddering form, she was close to losing consciousness.

Before she was able to find relief by passing out the boys removed the weights.
They now had another idea. Kim was taken off the bench and brought over to what
appeared to be a saw horse, she became frightened at what she saw. On the center
of the saw horse was two over sized dildoes with a shiny piece of metal imbedded

in the center of them. The saw horse also had adjustable legs.

Kim was made to straddle it, then her arms were pulled up to the pulley attached
to the ceiling, a rope was tied around the one already holding her wrists
together. Now it was threaded through the pulley, then attached to the pulley's
lever. They turned the handle until Kim was forced to stand on the tips of her
delicate toes. Now they raised up the saw horse until both oversized dildoes
were positioned at the entrances of her pussy and anus. She was also informed
that when her ass and pussy made contact with the dildoes tips she would
experience a strong surge of electricity sending a strong shock through her
body. If she could stay away from the dildoes for the next couple of hours they
would remove her from it. They knew she would never last. Now they uncranked the
handle that was attached to the rope keeping Kim's body standing tautly on her
toes.

Kim's already strained muscles quivered to keep on her toes. The stretching of
her body had turned her body into a quivering mass which she was slowly losing
control of. She was terrified of the pain she would feel if she lowered her
already painful pussy and anus onto the electrically charged dildoes, then the
further pain she would experience when these large dildoes forced their way into
her tiny little openings. She thought this would cause her mind to snap, but
this wouldn't, in fact she would endure much more torture and pain, there would
be no escaping the humiliation the pain these kids had planned for her.

Kim was brought back to reality when the tips of the dildoes touched the
sensitive entrance ways of her pussy and anus. The electrical shock sent wave
after wave of current surging through her body, she shuddered, twitched and
convulsed all at once. She pushed herself up onto the tips of her toes. But her
body would not respond, she again was losing ground, the space between her
intimate and sensitive openings and the dildoes was becoming shorter and
shorter.

The boys were quite amused at watching the pain in Kim's blue tear stained
eyes. They sat around her tortured body waiting. They wanted to observe her
reactions when the over sized dildoes forced their way into her tiny delicate
little openings.

They wouldn't have long to wait, Kim was becoming defeated, she did not have
the strength to keep up on her toes, slowly her body started lowering itself
towards the torture that was waiting for her. The dildoes touched her anus and
pussy, shock waves surged through her body, Kim was just about to pass out when
the current stopped. She did not realize it but as soon as the current was
released, shortly after it was timed to subside. Now the bigger treat was these
large dildoes, she felt them slowly starting to enter her body, her anus and
pussy felt like they were going to be ripped apart. The pain was unbearable,
they were only a short way into her. Her anus and pussy started to stretch to
receive these large obstructions. Kim's mind was filled with humiliation and
pain. Soon her tender openings were filled to the hilt, the boys watched to see
if Kim was going to pass out. To Kim's misfortune she did not, so the boy's
played with her body to cause further pain.

One of the boys had an idea, "Let's tie her ankles up along side the saw horse
so she has to sit with her pussy and ass seated tightly to the surface of the
saw horse. They tied each ankle up on right angles to the saw horse. Kim had
reached her limit, she slipped in an unconscious deep sleep. The boys have had
their fun so they took her off the saw horse and laid her bound and gagged body
onto the mat, waiting for her to awaken so they could try something new to her
already battered and abused body.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dreamer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





