BDSM Library - Carla




Carla
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Carla was punished by mother and step-father and later was introduced to sex by step-father and other adventures.
                           CARLA

  Even when I became a teenager my folks treated me like a little
kid. Mom picked out my clothes even helping me dress in the morning
to be sure I was color coordinated. I think that was why I was able
to accept Bob's domination of me so easily.
  I didn't have any friends in school because everyone thought I
was strange since Mom dressed me so modestly. I was always very
obedient and deferential to the teachers since I knew if they
complained about me I would be punished at home but I overheard one
of the kids call me a "Brown-noser."
  My punishments started very young. Maybe four or five they began
spanking me for any offence. It wasn't that they were cruel. They
just used an old ping-pong paddle on top of my cotton panties that
just stung without bruising me. 
  The pain was not nearly as bad as the shame and humiliation of
the spanking. There was a regular ritual that let me build fear and
embarrassment. It was always done after dinner when my Step-Father
was home. If I committed the offence early in the day I would have
a long time to build up my fear of it since I was never told how
many spanks I may get. I would have to get the paddle that hung on
the wall at the foot of my bed so it was the first thing I saw in
the morning. Then when I got tall enough I would have to bring a
dining room chair out to the center of the room and then another
out off to the side of it so my Step-Father could observe. 
  Finally I would have to pull my skirt and slip up to my waist
then drape it over the back of the chair and press my tummy against
it to make sure it would not get in the way then put my hands out
to the edge of the seat to feel the stings and heat of the paddle.
I had to take the spanks quietly. If I yelled or complained Mom
would double the spanks that kept my butt cheeks in constant
motion.
  I was always uncomfortable around my Step-Father. He always
seemed to enjoy watching me pull up my skirt and encouraged my
Mother to give me more spanks. When I told her it embarrassed me to
have to pull up my skirt in front of him She just said, "Good. The
embarrassment will just add to the punishment."
  It never stopped. In grade school I overheard other girls
complain about getting a spanking but even when I went to high
school I was still being spanked while other girls just had
privileges taken away. I was ashamed to tell anyone I was still
spanked.
  Mom's only concession to modesty was letting me wear shorts and
t-shirts in gym like the other girls. Even then she found out I
could play tennis for gym which made her happy since I would be
wearing a blouse and a skirt that at least went to mid-thigh.
  The girls were amazed I had such a good body since it had been so
well hidden. The boys liked it too and I even had a date once but
no more since I had to be home by eleven which meant I would have
to be taken home directly from the movie and my date would be alone
while his boyfriend would still have his girl to kiss and hug.
  Everything changed for the worse when I was sixteen and fully
developed with 36D boobs with matching firm butt and a tiny waist
from all the tennis.
  I came home from tennis all sweaty and rushed upstairs to take a
 shower. while I was still in it There was a knock on the door and
Mom yelled, "Carla! Come downstairs right now."
  I slipped on my robe. As soon as I saw her I knew I was in
trouble. She was holding my paddle and looked really angry.
  She pointed to some spots on the rug and yelled, "Look what you
did! You have tracked dog poop on our nice rug."
  I apologized and said I would clean it up but she said, "You
can't clean it! We will have to have a carpet cleaner come."
  About that time my Stepfather appeared and said, "That is going
to cost about fifty bucks. She should have fifty spanks."
  I had never had that many and began to cry and beg her not to do
it and to let me try to clean it but she said, "If you don't shut
up and take your punishment bravely I'll make it a hundred. Now get
the chairs."
  I managed to hold my cries as I carefully placed the chairs then
stood behind the one in the center, I said tearfully, "You'll have
to spank me on top of my robe. I don't have anything on under it."
  My stepfather said, "Good. It embarresses her to pull up her
skirt. It will be even more embarassing if she is naked. Tell her
to take off the robe."
  That was totally un-necessay. I could have just raised it. My
butt would still be naked but I would be able to hide the rest. I
don't think Mom would have gone along with it if she hadn't been so
mad and then I made her more angry by saying defiantly, "No! I
won't do it!"
  Mom said angrily, "You will take off that robe right now. or I
will also spank those big boobs you are so proud of."
  I knew what she was talking about. She had bought me a new bra
the week before and I had said, "I am a big girl now. I will need a
bigger bra. My boobs are as big as movie stars." I had evidentally
inherited my boobs from my grandmother because Mom's were small.
She said, "Why would you want to look like a slutty movie star. We
will keep them hidden under big blouses." the thought of them being
hit frightened me terribly. I knew they were sensitive because
gentle caresses on my nipples caused tingles. I just sobbed and
slipped it off to lean over the chair to at least hide my pussy.
  I hadn't realized how much the cotton panties had helped. When
she began the sting was much worse and I lurched forward with each
one. Then I noticed my stepfather was staring at my boobs that were
jumping and swaying with each spank and smiling. I blushed and
tried to be quiet but it was no use. They just jumped and swayed a
little less then as it went on and the burning and stinging got
worse I just didn't care.
  When she finally finished I stood up and caressed my poor
stinging buns with both hands which let him see my whole front. Mom
yelled, "Put on your robe you shameless slut."
  I quickly put on the robe and ran to my room crying.
  I hoped it would never happen again but I made sure I had on my
bra and panties whenever they called me.
  I was really careful not to do anything wrong. And they had no
excuse to spank me for weeks but that turned out to be bad.
  One night at dinner where I was being really careful to sit up
straight and not spill my stepfather said, "Carla has really been a
good girl. It is obvious we did the right thing to add
embarrassment by making her get naked."
  Mom said, "You are right! She has never gone this long without
punishment before."
  I said lamely, "I would have been good anyway." but I knew that
from then on I would be naked.
  I went over a month without a spanking but then after dinner
while I was washing dishes Mom's crystal decanter slipped out of my
hands to fall to the tile floor and smash into a hundred pieces. I
knew I was in trouble and Mom confirmed it by jumping out of her
chair to begin picking up the pieces while she yelled, "You clumsy
bitch! That was a wedding present! Get your paddle!"
  I ran upstairs to get it and handed it to her whimpering, "Please
don't spank me. It was an accident. I am sorry."
  She said, "There are no accidents. It wouldn't have happened if
you had been careful."
  I knew she was right. I had been daydreaming about a conversation
I had overheard between two girls talking about their date. One of
the girls had giggled and said, "He kissed my boobs and licked my
nipple. It felt wonderful." The other girl giggled too and then
they moved on. I knew it felt nice to caress my nipples and was
trying to imagine what lips and tongue would feel like. I not only
felt guilty about breaking the decanter but also my daydream.
  I arranged the chairs noticing the excited look on my stepfathers
face as he sat down and then I stood behind the chair hoping she
had changed her mind and would just tell me to raise my skirt.
  That hope was dashed when she said nastily, "You know what to do.
Get those clothes off!"
  I blushed like mad but stepped back to have some room whimpering
as I unbuttoned the blouse and slipped it off then slid off my
skirt. As I was pulling the slip over my head my stepfather said
breathily, "God she is beautiful. You should be proud, Martha."
  Mom said, "Yes. That is why she should dress modestly. That body
could get her into trouble."
  No-one had ever said I was beautiful before. I suddenly felt
proud and faced them as I slowly took off the bra then slid down my
panties feeling my boobs sway gently as I took the few steps to the
chair and bent over to grab the end of the seat which made my boobs
hang down and sway.
  She began my spanking but this time I watched him as I lurched at
each spank. He was staring at my boobs with an excited look and
reached for his crotch to  move the lump in his pants. It seemed to
confirm I was pretty. I had sex education and knew he was getting
an erection. Concentrating on him seemed to lessen the stings to my
butt.I began to wiggle my shoulders to make my boobs move even
more. Mom must have noticed I wasn't crying out at each one as I
normally did  because she gave me an extra hard one and the
terrific sting made me stand up to bring my hands back to rub my
stinging cheeks. I realized later that gave him a terrific view of
my body. Mom yelled, "If you stand up again I will tie you down!
Don't be a coward!"
  It had never occurred to me before that I was being courageous to
bend over and take my spanking without trying to get away. Now I
seemed to be a brave heroine who would not give in. In my mind
Rob,my stepfather, became an inquisitor who expected me to give in
to whatever demand. I began to glory in the pain that proved my
courage. I stared at him defiantly as I lurched determined not to
give in although in truth no-one was asking anything of me.
  Suddenly the spanking was over. My embarrassment returned as I
realized I had been teasing him like a slutty strip-teaser and I
grabbed my clothes and ran up the stairs sobbing.
  I ran into my room and turned my butt to the mirror to see it was
all red and caressed it gently as I turned to look at myself. I
realized that I had never looked at myself naked before. I had only
ben naked long enough to take quick showers and had quickly put on
my robe then put on panties and bra under it. 
  My butt was firm and rounded Then I brought my hands around to
caress my breasts. The nipples tingled under my fingers and I noted
that my breasts were round like my butt and really didn't need a
bra for support. I ran my hands down my stomach to feel the firm
muscles and turned sideways to see how flat it had become from all
my exercise. I let my hands go over my pussy to feel the soft
blonde down on it that was nearly transparent. I let my finger
slide into the slit and felt almost an electric shock as it touched
the clitoris. I was suddenly embarrassed and afraid. Mom had told
me never to touch myself down there and I knew if she walked in she
would kill me.
  I dressed and went downstairs although I dreaded seeing them
because Mom always had to lecture me about being better after a
spanking. They were nowhere around. I wandered around until I heard
little squeals coming from their bedroom and realized they were
making love. They had never done that before in fact it was hard to
imagine my straitlaced mother doing it. I realized my nudity had
excited my stepfather even more than I had thought and had a
feeling of power that I could do that.
  I went into the kitchen to pour a glass of iced tea and sat down
trying to imagine what was happening to her. I knew the procedure
from Sex-ed but the teacher had never gone into any detail. I
wondered if her little squeals were caused by pain as he drove his
penis into her. I thought it might because my vagina fit tightly
around my tampax inserter and the lump I had seen in his pants was
obviously larger.
  I heard their door open and Mom came in her robe. She smiled at
me and said, "Robbie needs a drink of water." She left still
grinning and then a little later Rob came out in his robe and gave
me some money to go to a movie.
  I went upstairs to change into jeans and one of my loose
sweaters. When I came back down I went past their door. They must
have thought I had left because I heard the familiar "Splat!" of my
paddle and her squeals. They didn't seem to be squeals of pain.
This was confirmed when I heard her say, "Oh yes! Another."
followed by another "Splat!" and squeal.
  I was really puzzled. I couldn't think of anything Mom had done
wrong and she seemed to be enjoying her spanking.
  As I rode my bike to the theatre it occurred to me that the
reason I hated my spanking was because she hit so hard. I realized
that if it was done easy just to make a little sting it could be
exciting, especially if I was naked.
  The movie was a cheaply made spy movie. It wasn't real
interesting until a scene where the bad guys had captured a woman
spy. They asked her where the micro film was and when she said she
didn't have it. They tied her hands to a rope going to a beam above
and unbuttoned her blouse and pulled off her skirt to search her.
Suddenly I remembered what Mom had said about tieing me and I put
myself in the girls place. It wasn't very realistic because they
left on her bra and panties. I supposed that was because the movie
was rated PG. It was still exciting though because one of the men
ran his hands over her boobs and panties while she continued to
protest that she did not have the film. Then one of the men reached
into a desk drawer and brought out a whip!  I am ashamed to admit I
was disappointed when he didn't use it because I wanted to imagine
how that would feel. She said she had given the film to another
agent and they believed her. Shortly after that the door burst open
and she was rescued by men shooting the bad guys. Then she was
untied and told it was all over and that the micro film was on the
way to headquarters.
  When I got home they had gone to bed so I went to bed too. I
wasn't sleepy so I laid there and then remembered the tingle when I
had touched my clitoris. I began to rub it tentively with my finger
and the tingles increased. I added to it by caressing my nipples
with my other hand. My pussy became wet as excitement increased
then I got this great feeling followed by a sense of release. I
knew I had reached an orgasm described in sex ed. I resented my
Mother. I thought she had told me not to touch myself just to be
mean and deprive me of the great feeling. I was totally relaxed and
soon went to sleep.
  The movie prompted a dream. I was the heroine but it was
different. There were a lot more men and they cut off all my
clothes with a knife after hanging me up then began running their
hands all over me while others  made comments about how beautiful I
was and how firm and wonderful my body was. I became totally
excited and when asked where I had hidden the microfilm I answered
honestly that I didn't know anything about the microfilm. Then a
man said, "I know where she hid it." and pushed his finger into my
vagina. I woke up with my own finger buried in my pussy. I
continued to push it in and out until I had an orgasm much more
powerful than my first then went to sleep.
  From then on I posed in front of the mirror naked every night to
build excitement then masturbated usually fantasizing about being
tied to beams, posts and sometimes outside hung from a tree limb.
There were always a lot of men applauding and saying I was
beautiful. 
  In spite of my fantasies I wanted to avoid spankings. Not only
because now they seemed incredibly childish but also to cheat Mom
out of great sex after I had excited him. I knew he wasn't terribly
interested in her because he often said he was tired and went to
bed early. She seemed to become more irritable for no reason then
one night I noticed my paddle was missing.
  I sneaked downstairs and when I got close to their door I heard
"Splat!" and her squeal. He must have hit hard sometimes because
her little squeal turned to a loud "OW!." I tried to suppress my
giggles as I imagined her butt turning cherry red. I was really
sorry we did not have an oldfashioned house with keyholes so I
could have seen it. It went on a long time then I heard the
bedsprings squeak and delighted squeals and giggles.
  The next morning she was in a good mood again but I noticed she
winced when she sat down. I hoped her butt was blistered.
  I went months without a spanking. About once a week my Mom would
get desperate enough to take my paddle since it evidentally was the
only thing that would excite him enough to make love to her.
  I could tell he was frustrated by the way he watched my every
move. I got a kick out of it and would tease him by bending way
over to pick lint off the rug to remind him of how I looked being
spanked and sometimes I wouldn't change out of my tennis skirt so I
could sit across from him and innocently let my legs open a little
so he could see my panties.I never looked at him so I could
maintain the illusion that I didn't know he was looking. Mom should
have thanked me. Sometimes that is all it took for him to suggest
that they go to bed.
  One day I came home from school and Mom was mad. "She said, "Why
did you take my money I left on the mantel? You have an allowance."
  I hadn't taken it and told her so then suggested Rob may have
taken it.That just made her madder. "Why would he take it?  All the
money that comes into this house comes from him."
  I protested that I hadn't taken it and maybe he needed lunch
money. She said, "Well I will ask him."
  The hour and a half for him to come home seemed forever as she
kept saying that if I took it I had better confess or she would
make my butt purple. I wasn't about to confess to something I
hadn't done and was sure he would admit taking it for a good
reason.
  As soon as he walked into the door. She said, "I accused Carla of
taking my money from the mantel but she said you did it. Did you?"
  That was unfair. I knew he had been frustrated in not seeing me
naked and spanked and this gave him his opportunity.
  As I expected. He said innocently, "No. why should I take it. I
have money."
  I grasped at straws saying, "I didn't take it. Has anyone else
been in the house?" hoping a service man or someone had come in I
could blame it on.
  Mom said, "No. No-one has been here all day. I am ashamed of you.
You not only stole but are lying about it. Do you think I am
stupid?"
  Rob was standing behind her grinning at me in triumph so I knew
he had done it.
  She told me to get my paddle and when I came down she hung it
around my neck saying, "You can wear this until after dinner to
remind you of what is going to happen."
  Rob said, "You should have her serve dinner naked to increase her
embarrassment."
  I should never have protested. It just made Mom think it was a
good idea. She said, "Yes. Her naked butt on the wicker chair will
remind her that it will soon be stinging."
  I had to undress while he stared at me behind Mom so she would
not see how excited it made him. They sat down at the table and I
served the food. Everytime I bent over to put down a dish the
paddle would fall away from my boobs only to fall back against them
when I straightened up. He tried to act angry like Mom but I knew
he loved it. He drank several cups of coffee so he could tell me to
get another cup so he could watch me walk away to see my butt sway
and when I came back with the paddle sliding against my breasts. I
walked with my thighs rubbing together to keep my pussy hidden.
  She was right about the wicker. I could feel every strand to keep
me constantly aware of my butt and what would happen to it.
  Naturally I didn't feel like eating. They seemed to take a long
time to finish making my ordeal last as long as possible.
  I became angry at the unfairness of this whole thing and resolved
not to give them the satisfaction of seeing me beg and cry.
  When they got up I moved the chairs into position and leaned over
the back but then Rob said, "I imagine you plan to hit pretty hard.
Maybe we should tie her so she doesn't try to get out of position.
I could get some neckties to tie her."
  She agreed and I didn't protest. This made it more like my
fantasies and would help in my resolve to be brave.
  He came back with neckties he used to tie my wrists to the
cosspiece between the legs that bent me over even more then pulled
my legs apart to tie my ankles to the back legs. I watched him
between my legs. He kept his head level to make Mom think he was
concentrating on the knots but his eyes were looking up at my
crotch making up for my efforts to hide it. He took a long time
tying me then stepped back. 
  Mom started spanking me hitting one bun at a time while I gritted
my teeth determined not to make a sound in spite of the sharp
stings. Rob didn't sit down. He just roved around me to get
different views. I knew from my posing that this position made my
pussy pooch out between my legs and with my legs apart he could see
all of it with the lips shuddering as my butt jumped under the
paddle.
  I don't know how many times she hit me. I didn't try to keep
count but it was enough to deaden my nerves a little so the later
ones didn't hurt nearly as much.
  They both untied me so they could hurry to their bedroom with Mom
giggling leaving me naked.
  I gathered up my clothes to go upstairs to my room. My butt was
stinging and burning so I took a cool shower. That stopped the
stinging and burning right away and I was sorry I had not thought
of it sooner. Previous spanking had stung for several minutes.
  I went to bed proud that I had not given them the satisfaction of
seeing me sob. I had only gasped although tears had run down my
cheeks.
  I caressed my tingling butt and then began a fantasy. I was tied
to the chair like I had been but this chair had wide legs to pull
my legs open even more. Rob and Mom were in it as well as every
movie star I could think of only this time everyone was naked. Even
Mom who I provided with a nice slim figure with small but well
formed tits. It was easy to recall the sting of her paddle since I
was still tingling then I noticed all the men had huge erections. I
began to caress my boobs and pussy  but then it was not me. Men
gathered around me to feel my breasts and rub my clit as the
spanking went on and I got a great orgasm.
  The next morning I got up to look at my butt and was amazed there
were no bruises. I was sure she had hit hard. 
  I heard Rob's car go out the driveway and since it was Saturday I
assumed they were making their usual grocery and other shopping
trip.
  I decided to take a long shower and wash my hair then put on my
modest one piece bathing suit to go into the back yard to tan and
imagine I was naked.
  I got out of the shower and was vigerously drying my hair which
was making my boobs sway with the towel over my face when I heard a
strange noise. I took off the towel and saw Rob standing in the
open door in his robe. I squealed and quickly covered myself with
the towel. then said, "Get out! I thought you were with Mom."
  He just stood there grinning and said, "I just thought I would
see how you were. That was a pretty nasty spanking. You should be
nice to me. I could get your Mom to give you some slack. Maybe even
stop the spankings."
  I said angrily, "You could have stopped that one if you hadn't
lied about taking the money."
  He just grinned and said, "You can't prove that. If you had been
nicer to me. I may have said that you didn't do it and I may be
able to stop future ones."
  "Really? I hate the spankings they are humiliating and childish."
  "Really. You are grown up now. You shouldn't be spanked."
  "Oh if you could I would be nice to you."
  He just stood there staring at me in the towel that barely
covered my breasts and vagina and I realized what he meant by being
nice. It seemed a little late to be modest since he had a very
close view of me the night before so I slowly let the towel slide
down my body then let it drop to the floor.
  He smiled and said, "Come here baby. let me check out your ass."
  I walked over to him planning to turn my back but he reached
around me and put his hands on my buttcheeks. He began rubbing as
he said, "You are beautiful baby. your ass is perfect."
  I just sighed as the rubbing really felt good. He would lift on
the cheeks to make my vagina lips slide against each other.I put my
arms around his neck to rub my nipples against his silk robe. Then
he loosened the belt and the robe opened to let me feel his chest
hair on my nipples as he pulled me close to feel his hard penis
slide against my slit. I just moaned and he said, "Put your legs
around me. I'll make you feel good."
  He lifted me off the floor by my buttcheeks and I wrapped my legs
around his as he walked to my bedroom while I slid against him
becoming more excited by the second.
  He laid me down on my back on my back then slid down to lick and
nibble on my nipples. It felt wonderful. I sighed and gently
caressed his head. Then he said, "You like this don't you baby,"
  I sighed," Oh yes!" 
  He said "I can make it better."
  He slid his lips down my stomach then his tongue slipped into my
vagina. It felt fabulous!  This had never been mentioned in sex-ed
and it should have been. All boys should be taught to do it. I felt
myself rapidly approaching orgasm as he spread the lips to let his
tongue flutter on my clit. It happened but I knew I could get more.
He lifted his head and I moaned "No. Don't stop!"
  He grinned and said, "There is more." 
  He slid up my body and I felt the head of his penis stretching my
vagina to slide in. There was a sharp pain as it tore through my
hymen but then it just felt wonderful. I wrapped my legs around him
to pull him into me even deeper as orgasms increased in
intensity.until he lunged hard then moved his hips in a circular
motion as I felt his dick soften then he rolled off me breathing
hard.
  I gently caressed his soft dick marvelling at the wonderful
sensations it had brought me.
  His breathing went back to normal and he said, "You loved that
didn't you baby?"
  "Oh yes! It was wonderful. Sex-ed never told us it could be so
exciting. Could we do it again?"
  "In a few minutes. It takes awhile for me to get hard again. I
knew you would love it. You are like your Mom."
  "I guess so. Now I understand why Mom will let you spank her to
get you to give her this wonderful feeling."
  "You know about that?"
  "Yes I went down to the kitchen one night and heard a "Splat" I
went over to your door to listen. She seeemed to like it."
  He laughed and said, "She hates it at first. She has to get
really horny because she thinks it is so humiliating but as it goes
on she gets excited from it."
  "Mom's spankings just hurt me. You must do it differently. Why
haven't you ever spanked me?"
  I made an agreement with your Mom. Since I am not your father she
didn't think I should, Especially since she knows it excites me."
  "I know. I hate her for using me to get you excited."
  "You didn't seem to mind the last spanking so much. You didn't
cry and carry on like the others."
  "That spanking was so unfair I was determined not to give her the
satisfaction of knowing she was hurting me. Besides being tied so
naked and helpless made me imagine I was a heroine being tortured
for information. Actually just being naked makes the spanking seem
less childish."
  "I thought that would make it better for you but I was surprised
your Mom went along with it."
  "I don't think she would have if she hadn't been so mad and my
protests made her think it would be worse."
  "So anyway you prefer being naked and tied for your spankings.
I'll make sure she always does that."
  "No! I don't want to be spanked at all. It is embarrassing to be
treated like a little kid. In history books adults are never
spanked although sometimes they get whipped."
  "Oh you would prefer being whipped?"
  "Oh No! That must hurt awful. I just think it would be more
dignified and I could be a heroine being brave and not telling
secrets."
  "It wouldn't have to hurt as much. I am sure soft leather thongs
would feel better than a hard wood paddle."
  "Well maybe not but it would be terribly frightening to be all
naked and helpless not knowing how bad it may be. I am kind of used
to the paddle. Eventually my butt gets numb and it doesn't hurt as
bad."   
  "You seem to have become used to being naked too."
  I blushed and said, "You made me feel proud saying I was
beautiful."
  "You are! If I had my way you would always be naked."
  He laid back on the pillow then I felt his dick lengthening under
my hand. I said, "Oh it is growing!"
  "Yeah. I was just thinking about how you would look hanging from
the ceiling with your breasts and tummy tight. You would look
fabulous. Lovelier than any movie star."
  I should have protested but instead said,"Do you really think
so."
  "I know so."
  By then his dick was hard and he told me to get on top of him and
sit on it. That was even better! I could move anyway I wanted to
press and drag it against my clit and it made my boobs available to
let him pinch and pull on my nipples. I managed two orgasms before
he made a terrible face and lurched into me before getting soft
again.
  We were both tired then so we just laid on our backs while I
caressed his penis while he gently rubbed my pussy. I felt
wonderful still marvelling at how fabulous it had been.
  Then he said, "When we get a chance to be alone again. There are
some other positions I want to show you."
  I said, "Oh. Can't we do them now?"
  "You have pretty well worn me out. I doubt if I'll get hard again
for hours."
  I began rubbing his dick a little harder and faster hoping he was
wrong but there was no response then he said, "One thing might
work. You remember how much you liked me licking your pussy?"
  "Oh yes! That was wonderful."
  "I love it too. Just lick my dick and put it in your mouth to
suck on it like a popsicle."
  "Oh no. It is gross. It is all sticky from being in my pussy."
  "Just get a washcloth and wash it. It won't be any different than
sucking your thumb."
  I washed it gently then took a tentative lick. He was right.
There was no taste so I kept licking it then put the head in my
mouth and let my tongue run around it. He made a grunt And I looked
up to his face to see he had closed his eyes and was smiling. I
kept licking then sucked on it. He was wrong about the thumb part.
A thumb doesn't grow. it began lengthening until it was pressing
against the opening to my throat. when it was so hard I could feel
it throbbing he said "Enough," and told me to get on my hands and
knees. He put his dick in my vagina from the back. That was great.
It seemed to go in deeper than ever and also let him play with my
nipples and clit to quickly bring me to an orgasm then a stronger
one just as he grunted and pulled out.
  He rolled off me and said, "God kid. You are going to kill me. I
haven't cum three times in a row since I was a teenager."
  He said, "We had better get dressed. Your Mom would kill you if
she caught us naked."
  He went downstairs and I took another shower since I was drenched
in perspiration. When I was dressed I went downstairs to see him
sitting in his big chair. I went over and sat on his lap to give
him a kiss. To my surprise he pushed me away saying, "No. Don't
show any affection for me. If your Mom gets suspicious she will
never let us be alone. She thinks you don't like me."
  "I didn't until now. You always made me feel embarrassed by
watching my every move and you were the one who suggested I get
naked. It's okay though. I know now it was because you thought I
was beautiful."
  Mom came home shortly after that  and I helped her bring in the
groceries and put them away. I tried to remain totally indifferent
to him but it was hard not to look at his crotch to see the lump in
his pants that had given me so much pleasure so I told them I had
to do homework and went to my room.
  I had new fantasies now. I put Rob in them and after I was tied
and stripped he would make love to me. But after real sex 
masturbation seemed tame. I could only get little orgasms and
longed for the time we could be alone together again.
  It just didn't happen. For weeks she always insisted either he or
I go with her for shopping. His word was good. Once when she got
mad at me for some little thing he hugged her and told her to calm
down and that it wasn't a big deal. She seemed surprised he would
take my side which made me know she was just looking for an excuse
to spank me to get him excited.
  I was right too. I went down to get a bottle of pop and heard
"Splats!" I went to their door to listen and was jealous of her. I
would have been glad to be spanked if it meant he would make love
to me.
  The next week was "Black America" week and they were having a big
exhibit at the museum. Rob said we should take a look then go out
to dinner. Mom was a bigot and said, "I don't give a damn about
niggers but I sure like the idea of eating out. I am tired of
Carla's and my cooking."
  It was a big exhibit. The first part showed african life with a
lot of pictures of topless blackwomen. Mom elbowed Rob's ribs and
whispered, "That is why you brought us here. You just wanted to see
bare breasts. But that wasn't the real reason. We went on to see
pictures of slave ships and slave auctions then typical slave
shacks but the one that really caught our attention. was the last
exhibit. There were pictures or paintings of slaves being whipped
and a bunch of different whips and paddles that were used on them.
I was fascinated by one picture. There was a woman slave with her
back to us hanging from a limb naked while a man holding a whip
with four leather thongs stood beside her. I looked up to see a
replica of the whip and stood transfixed staring at it and
wondering how much it would hurt.
  Mom noticed and said, "Does that scare you? The whips really kept
the slaves in line. Maybe I should get one for you."
  I said, "Oh no. You wouldn't. It must hurt awful."
  I couldn't get the picture out of my mind. At dinner Mom had to
shake my arm to say, "Pay attention. The waiter wants to know what
you want."
  I said, "I don't care. I'll have what you you are getting."
  I was lost in thought at dinner and Mom said, "That exhibit
really got to you didn't it?"
  "Oh yes. Don't you feel sorry for them? They even whipped the
women."
  "Not really. They probably deserved it. They were willful
children like you."
  That night I had another dream. I was standing on a big stage
dressed in a raggy cotton dress while a big man holding a whip was
saying, "This slave tried to escape. Let this be a lesson to all of
you. I looked out to see a big crowd of people. Black and white men
women and even children. They were staring at me excitedly. Only a
few black women seemed sympathetic. Then two big men dragged me
over to a post with a cross piece at the top they tied my wrists to
that put me on my toes. Finally they ripped off my dress to leave
me naked with my boobs and stomach pressing against the splintery
post.
  I didn't get whipped. I woke up just as the man was bringing the
whip back over his shoulder. I was sweating and trembling from fear
but also excitement. I reached down to touch my pussy and found it
was wet! That was just too weird and I was thirsty.so I went
downstairs to get some ice water.
  I didn't bother to turn on the lights since the moon was enough
to see. When I started past their door I heard them talking softly.
There was light coming around the door that was not completely
closed I peeked in and realized Rob had also been affected by the
exhibit. Mom's hands were tied to the ceiling fan and she was
naked. Except for smaller boobies she looked a lot like me but I
was shocked to see she had removed all the hair from her crotch.
She looked like me when I was about nine years old. She was
stretched to make her waist tiny and was trembling. Rob said, "How
do you feel?"
  She whimpered, "I feel so helpless. You could do anything to me."
  "You knew that when you agreed to be tied. Didn't you?"
  "Yes. Will you make love to me after you hurt me?"
  "Yes. I will bring you to ecstacy. But first I want to try
something we have never done."
  He slid his belt out of his pants to roll it into his fist until
about a foot and a half was hanging out then began hitting her
breasts. She just gasped as it hit over and over but I knew she
wasn't being badly hurt because her skin was just turning a light
red as her breasts shuddered. He began bringing the belt down to
slap against her pussy! It also began getting red then to my
amazement she opened her legs more and began swivelling her hips to
meet the belt.
  I reached down to feel my pussy and found it was sopping wet. I
dug at it as I watched the belt making her vagina lips squirm for
maybe ten more then she sobbed, "Fuck me. Please fuck me!"
  He dropped his pants and plunged his dick in her as she wrapped
her legs around him to pull him in deeper. I came! I had such a
powerful orgasm I sank to my knees luckily not falling through
their door.
  When I recovered a bit I tip toed upstairs afraid they may come
out to get a drink and settled for just cool water from my bathroom
sink. I went back to bed but there was no way I could sleep. I
couldn't get over the scene I had just seen. It was almost like my
fantasy except she was whipped! Well not really whipped. More like
slapped but it was still fantastically exciting and I masturbated
again to get an orgasm that let me go to sleep.
  I slept late. When I dressed and went downstairs They were both
in a good mood. Mom smiled at me and said, "You missed breakfast.
Just get coffee and toast. We are going to have a nice lunch in
town. Rob got a big commission. He is going to take us to the mall
to buy us some clothes."
  Rob said, "Yeah I think it is time you girls were brought up to
the nineties."
  On the way to town I could hardly believe they could act so
normally after what they had done. They pointed out things along
the way and the only difference I could see was that Mom was more
affectionate than usual occasionaly giving him a kiss below his ear
and caressing his thigh.
  When we got to the mall Mom started to go into the store she
bought all our clothes since it catered to older ladies and was the
only one that had dresses and skirts below our knees almost to the
ankles. Rob took her arm and said, "No. We are going to a classier
place so I can be proud of my girls."
  He took us to Nordstrom's and picked out a couple of pretty
skirts and blouses. Mom and I went into adjoining dressing cubicles
to try them on. She was out first because I spent more time
admiring myself in the mirror. The skirt only went down to midthigh
and the tailored blouse showed off my boobs and small waist.
Nothing at all like the long skirts and big overblouses that hid
everything. I would no longer be the "Nerd" at school and may get
the admiring looks the other girls got from the boys.
  I went out just as she was saying, "Oh Rob. These are so
expensive. Do you really want to spend this much. The clothes are
cheaper where I usually shop."
  "Yes. You girls have been very nice and you deserve something
good."
  I knew what he meant by "Nice." In my case it was for me to get
naked and let him make love to me and in hers it was agreeing to be
hung up to be slapped by his belt. I wasn't sure which of us had
the best deal.
  She kissed him then said, "The skirts are awfully short and you
can see through the blouse. I thought you wanted us to dress
modestly so men wouldn't stare at us make you jealous."
  "That was when I thought I might lose you to another man. Now
that you have proven that I own you I want to show you off so other
men can be jealous of me."
  She fished for a compliment by saying, "Do you really think other
men may find me attractive?"
  "Yes you both are beautiful!"
  She gave him another kiss. I was grateful for the "Both" and then
he looked at me and said, "Oh yeah! That is much better but you are
right. You can see through the blouse and those big cotton bras are
not very attractive. I'll find you something better. While he was
gone we posed in front of mirrors then Mom said, "Gee. I feel so
naked.I haven't worn a skirt this short since your father died.
After that I went into mourning and wore long black skirts and Rob
seemed to like that about me."
  In spite of what she said she seemed to like the new look and I
encouraged it by saying, "You look great. You have lovely legs. He
is right. You should show them off."
  "Well you are used to it from wearing the tennis skirt. It will
be a new experience for me."
  About that time he came back carrying white panties and bra to
match my blouse and light blue for hers."
  We went back in the cubicle to put them on and we were in there
for some time as I am sure Mom was admiring herself as much as me.
The bra was a soft nylon that came just above my nipples. It felt
nice and made my big cotton bra seem like a harness. Unlike my big
cotton panties this didn't go to my waist. It fit just at the top
of my butt and the front was way below my belly button.
  Mom and I came out about the same time and he said, "Lovely. They
are a perfect color for the blouses."
  Mom said, "Are you sure it is alright. The bra shows a lot more
than my cotton one."
  I said, It is fine Mom. The sales girl has one like it and
hundreds of people see her everyday."
  She said, "I don't care what other people think. It is only
important what Rob thinks."
  He grinned and said, I think you girls look beautiful."
  When we went out side Mom giggled and said, "God I feel so naked.
I can feel the breeze on my thighs."
  He just smiled but I knew she could feel something else too. Just
that short walk had let the panties crawl into the crack of my butt
and I could feel my skirt moving on bare skin.
  He took us to a nice restaurant for lunch and when we got home he
said, "I want you to raise the hems on all your dresses and
skirts.I am going to Portland on business for a couple of days and
I'll buy you some more blouses and sweaters. When I get home we can
have a fashion show."
  He left the next morning and Mom let me skip school so I could
put on all my skirts and dresses to measure the lengths to match
our new skirts. Then she put on hers for me to mark. I cheated a
little on mine by pulling the waist line down as far as I could
before she marked it and ignored the marks she had put on her
thighs with a washable pen to pin them just a little higher.
  We worked like beavers until late that night and part of the next
day with me cutting off the extra material and putting in the pins
while she sewed them up on her machine.
  At one point I said, "Oh Mom. It is going to be wonderful to be
like the other girls. They thought I was strange in my long
skirts."
  She said testily, "Just because we are letting you be more
stylish doesn't mean anything else will change. You are a wilful
child and will have a curfew and be punished as always, perhaps
worse."
  I said quickly, "Oh I understand. I expect to be punished when I
am bad. I know it is for my own good."
  She seemed satisfied and went back to sewing but I kept thinking
about what she said. I finally said, "Mom. What did you mean when
you said 'Perhaps worse'?"  
  "Rob and I have been discussing your punishments. He thinks you
may be too old for spankings. We may try something different."
  I was ecstatic but didn't let on afraid she may change her mind.
He had made good on his promise! I wished I could have a chance to
be "Nice" to him again."
  But that night I began thinking about it and wondered if I really
wanted to have to do extra chores or have my allowance stopped or
be grounded like the other girls. The spankings hurt but were over
with quickly and it did give me a chance to get naked which now
excited me and especially him. I knew it wasn't right for him to
make love to his step-daughter and began to think he may be feeling
guilty about it and wanted to avoid the temptation of seeing me
naked. I knew none of the boys at school would make love like him.
I had overheard other girls saying how clumsy and quick they were
with hardly any foreplay.
  I was caught in a dilemma. If I told her I wanted the spankings
to continue she would think I just wanted to be naked and if I
didn't he may never get excited enough to want me to make love to
him. It worried me so much I didn't even feel like masturbating.
  She let me wear my new clothes to school and that was great.
Girls came over to ask me what had brought about the change and
said I looked pretty and boys who had always ignored me made
excuses to talk to me while staring at my cleavage and tight tummy
through the blouse. I loved all the attention even though the boys
were disappointed when I said I still had an early curfew. I
couldn't understand their problem. If I wanted to make love to them
it wouldn't have to be late at night but I guess they thought an
early curfew meant I would be a prude.
  Rob came home shortly after I did and I ignored his warning and
gave him a big hug. Fortunately Mom thought it was for the clothes,
saying, "You really made a hit with her by buying the clothes. She
always kind of resented you before."
  He said, "You are both going to love me when you get the packages
out of the car."
  Mom and I ran to the car as if it was Christmas. We came in
giggling with sacks in both hands and hugging another to our
chests.
  He said, "They are just blouses and sweaters. See if you have
skirts to match and model them for me.
  Mom and I had fun. It was just like being models in a fashion
show. We tried to emulate the models we had seen on TV. 
  I didn't have as many skirts to choose from so I came down first
in my now short skirt and a tight cashmere sweater that molded me
beautifully and paraded around enjoying his smiles until Mom opened
the bedroom door letting me know she was ready. I went upstairs so
she could model a see-through blouse and a skirt I had got a little
carried away on shortening. It barely covered her butt and when I
came back down she was standing in front of his chair and I saw his
hand was up under her skirt and he was patting her butt.
  When she heard me clumping down the stairs in my only pair of
high heels she blushed and went to the bedroom.
  I was afraid to get too close since he may want to touch me and
Mom might catch us but by the time I got to my last outfit I knew
it would take Mom at least ten minutes to choose a skirt to get a
perfect match of color and texture. I tucked the back of my panties
into the crack of my butt so there was just a little triangle at
the top then at the last minute I pulled the front into the slit of
my pussy to make the lips bulge around it.
  I waited impatiently at the foot of the stairs until she went
into the bedroom then twirled in the pleated skirt to let him
glimpse my naked butt then I walked between his legs as he sat in
his big chair and turned to bend over bringing the skirt up to the
base of my butt. He flipped up the skirt so it was resting on my
back and began rubbing my buttcheeks then when I opened my legs he
saw my pussy opened by the panties and began rubbing it. It felt
wonderful and I moaned, "Oh God. I need you!"
  He said "I need you too you beautiful slut but we will have to
wait for privacy. Now go try on a dress."
  That went much faster since Mom would just grab the next one in
her closet so I didn't dare let him touch me again but I left the
panties in my slit enjoying the feeling of them rubbing on the
inner lips until they were soaked with my juices.
  He told her to throw away all the dresses that didn't fit tight
enough to show off our little waists. She said, "I like some of
those. Can't I just tailor them to fit tighter?"
  He relented and said, "Well okay as long as they are snug."
  Then he said to Mom, There is another box in the trunk. It is
what we were talking about. I'll get it."
  He brought in a long slim box like the ones roses come in and put
it by his chair at the dining room table. Naturally I asked,
"What's in the box?"
  Mom just said mysteriously, "You'll find out. Now set the table
for dinner."
  We had my favorite things for dinner and I kind of forgot about
the box. After dinner they had me get them some more coffee.
  As I sat down Rob said, "Carla. We have some news for you. Your
Mom and I agreed that you are too old for childish spankings. You
can throw away your paddle."
  Of course I was overjoyed although surprised since I knew he
loved having Mom make me get naked and said, "Oh thank you.I hate
the spankings. They make me feel like a naughty little kid."
  Mom said, Well you aren't a little kid anymore but you should
know that the main reason I agreed is because spankings don't seem
to bother you anymore. The last time you didn't even cry."
  I didn't tell her that I hadn't cried only to frustrate her and
it had hurt as much as ever. I said, "Will you punish me now by
grounding me or witholding my allowance like other girls?"
  "No. Your allowance is just for school supplies and lunches and
since you don't go out grounding would be ridiculous. Since you
want to be treated like an adult. You will be. Rob, give her the
box."
  I ripped it open and it contained a whip! It was like the one at
the exhibit in that it was five thongs of leather except the thongs
were a little smaller. About a half inch wide and not as thick as
the one the man had held.
  I was terified and whimpered, "Oh God. You plan to whip me. That
will hurt awful!"
  "Yes that should make you cry again. You needn't ever be whipped
if you are good."
  "Oh I'll be good. I promise!"
  "Fine. That is all we can expect. Come into the spare bedrooom.
We have something to show you."
  I followed them and when the door opened I saw the bed and
furniture had been removed and there was a hook in the ceiling with
what looked like dog collars only with sheepskin padding dangling
from a rope. I stared at them speechless realizing I would be hung
from them just like the woman in the picture.
  Mom said, "You may not be able to stand still for whipping so
these will keep you from running away."
  I stared at them shuddering then said, "Will I have to be naked
too?"
  "Of course. You saw the pictures. Whips have to be on naked skin.
You wouldn't even feel it on top of your clothes."
  I whimpered, "Oh God. I don't want to be whipped."
  "Then you will be good. Every morning I want you to come in here
for a few minutes to see these wristcuffs and the whip to remind
you to be good."
  The next morning I took a quick look at the manacles with the
whip looped through them left, but as time went on I found I looked
longer to imagine how I would look hanging there. The thought of
hanging there naked excited me but the whip frightened me since I
was sure it must be really painful from the terrified look on the
slave woman's face. On another day I was reminded of Mom's
statement that I would have to be naked to even feel the thongs. I
went over and felt them. they were soft, not at all like the hard
wood paddle and I began to imagine them wrapping around my nude
body until I was embarrassed by my feeling of excitement and left.
  I couldn't get the picture out of my mind and after school I went
to look at the exhibit again. I studied the whips and pictures for
several minutes then I noticed or imagined that the look on the
spectators faces seemed to be excitement rather than sympathy. I
also noticed that the look of agony on a womans face looked like
mine when I had masturbated in front of my mirror and reached
climax. I began to picture myself hanging there and began
shuddering with excitement. Suddenly a woman guide said, "Oh my.
Does that frighten you?"
  I said shakily, "Oh yes. It must have been awful!"
  "Hello My name is Martha, I helped design this exhibit. Don't
worry about it. No-one gets whipped anymore. This is just to remind
us of the cruelty black people had to endure."
  I was tempted to tell her that I may become an exception when she
went on saying, "Well I guess I shouldn't say no-one gets whipped.
There are some sexual perverts who enjoy whipping or being whipped.
I should say no-one is whipped as punishment anymore. Even the
schools don't allow corporal punishment anymore which some people
think is a mistake."
  She smiled at that and I knew she was one of those who thought it
was a mistake. She would have no sympathy for me.
  I was curious though and said, "My name is Carla. Who would like
to whip or be whipped?"
  "They are called sadists or masochists Dear. There are books in
the library about it. Probably the best known about sadism is the
works of the Marquis De Sade who sadism is named after and the best
on masochism would be 'The Story of O.' I have that book if you
would like to read it."
  "Oh yes. I can't imagine why anyone would want to be hurt."
  "I'll get it for you. Try to get it back to me by next week.
Incidentally, I wouldn't show it to your parents. Many of them
think it is obscene but I think you will understand."
  I took the book and hid it in my bookbag then left after giving
her my name and address. What she said made me wonder if she knew I
had been excited rather than terrified.
  I went to my bedroom right after dinner telling them I had to
study and read the book late into the night and re-read parts of
it. I realized her submission had given her power over her men by
making herself unique. I then realized my submission to Rob in
being "Nice" to him had also given me power. Thanks to my
submission I had been given pretty clothes and the right to wear
them to be as pretty as other girls and no longer had the
humiliation of childish spankings. What mom had said about not even
being able to feel the whip over clothes made me think he had done
me another favor since the paddle had hurt bad on my panties.   
  I dwelled on the book until I went to sleep. I was a lot like the
heroine. I had been punished then eventually rewarded by wonderful
sex. Our only real difference was that I had been spanked while she
had been whipped. The whip seemed much more romantic. I wished I
could go to Rob and offer to let him whip me. Unfortunately Mom
would do it which would not be the same.   
  The next afternoon when I came home from school Mom as usual at
this time of year was planting pansies by the driveway. I could
hardly believe how much Rob had done to decrease her modesty. She
was just wearing a little halter over her boobs and short shorts
that exposed her navel. She had never shown that much even at the
beach.
  I noticed she still had over twenty pansies to plant and offered
to help but she said, "No thank you.I know just how I want them and
it would be more trouble to explain everything to you. Rob isn't
feeling well and came home early. Why don't you see if he needs
anything. I should be done in about an hour."
  I rushed in and locked the door behind me. She knew the door
sometimes locked itself and had bitched about it but Rob never got
around to fixing it.
  Rob was sitting in his big chair wearing a robe and watching TV.
I went over and knelt between his legs to say, "Mom won't be in for
an hour and I locked the door. If she decides to come in early I
would have time to run upstairs while you open it for her."
  He grinned but said, "That still doesn't give us enough time for
great sex but it does give us enough time to see you naked and feel
your wonderful body."
  I undressed as quickly as possible to sit astride his legs.He
fondled my boobs and pussy while he nibbled my nipples until I had
an orgasm but I wanted more. I begged him to fuck me but he said,
"There isn't enough time. If I get started I won't be able to stop
no matter how she bangs on the door."
  I moaned, "Oh we have to find a way to have more time!"
  Suddenly I had an inspiration. "I know how we could do it. I am
taking drivers ed. You could give me driving lessons."
  He said, "I can't do that. My car insurance only allows drivers
over twenty-five years old. It would cost me a fortune to change
it. Especially since it is a sports car."
  I was disappointed he would let money stand in the way then
thought he might change his mind if I was willing to sacrifice
myself like "O" and also let me see if submission would give me
power.
  I said, "It would excite you to see Mom whip me naked. Wouldn't
it?"
  "I don't want you to be hurt but I have imagined you hanging
naked with your body stretched and your skin tight. It excites me
so much I can hardly concentrate on work. That is why I am home
early."
  "If you will promise to give me driving and sex lessons I will
run over Mom's Pansies with my bike."
  "Oh God. She would whip you for a long time. I would try to make
sure she didn't hit too hard."
  "You'll do it then?"
  "Yes. I'll call my insurance man tomorrow. Now go upstairs before
your Mom comes in."
  As I gathered my clothes he unlocked the door and yelled out,
"How are you doing?"
  She said, "Fine. about five minites more."
  He looked at me significantally to let me know he had done the
right thing by sending me away. I went upstairs and slipped on some
jeans with no panties because I loved the way the seam slipped into
the slit. I put on one of my little bras although I didn't want to
since I knew Mom would notice the bumps my nipples made in the
sweater then went downstairs to set the table.
  After dinner she insisted we go out to look at her pansies so we
did and complimented her on their placement and the pretty color
combinations.
  When we came back in Rob said, "You did a wonderful job. Let's
have a drink to celebrate."
  She said coyly, "Alright. Maybe just one. You know what alcohol
does to me."
  I knew too. Two drinks made her silly and six or seven made her
pass out."
  He said, Carla, you can be our barmaid. Come into the kitchen and
I'll show you how to make them."
  I followed him into the kitchen and he pulled out a bottle of
vodka. a jug of orangejuice and a jigger. He whispered, "She loves
screwdrivers. Put one jigger in mine and two in hers. With any luck
she will pass out and we can get together."
  When she finished the first one he talked her into having another
then said, "We'll have a party!" and started some music on our
stereo. I made her another drink actually cheating by using two and
a half jiggers. By the time she finished it she was giggling and
when a song came on she liked she said, "I want to dance."
  She practically plastered herself to him in a slow dance and he
pulled her even closer by putting his hands on her buttcheeks. She
just giggled then he hooked his fingers under the legs of her
shorts and began pulling them up and releasing them to tighten the
seam against her slit. She began to moan but then suddenly realized
I was still there and said, "Carla. Go to your room. You must have
studying to do." 
  I left but I laid on my belly at the top of the dark stairs to
keep them in sight.
  Just my offer had paid off. I had made him want me enough to get
her to pass out so he could come to me. He stopped dancing to make
another drink I was sure would be strong. I was disappointed when
she just sipped it then said she wanted to dance some more.
  He held her close then they weren't really dancing anymore. She
just rubbed herself against him. He pulled the bowknot at the back
of her halter and she leaned back to let him slide it off her then
she spread his robe open to rub her breasts against his chest hair.
  He began rubbing her butt and she took her arms from around his
neck to unzip and slide down her shorts. I saw she had completely
tucked her panties into her ass crack to completely bare her buns
for his hands. 
  He tried for me. He said, "Dancing is making me thirsty. Let's
stop for a drink."
  She said, "No. I don't want to drink any more. I want to do
something exciting."
  "Do you mean really exciting?"
  She moaned, "Oh yes!" She led him by his hand and then I noticed
she was not turning left into their bedroom. She was going to the
right toward the spare bedroom.
  I tip toed down the stairs to listen to them then found I would
be able to see too since the door had been left partly open by him.
  She was standing with her back to me and was putting on the
wristcuffs while he stood holding the rope by the hook on the wall.
When she had them on she stretched her arms over her head and he
pulled on the rope until she was on tip toes and made a knot around
the hook.
  He came over to her and began kissing her neck and whispering
something to her. She just moaned as he began sliding her panties
down her legs. He bent his knees as he went down pulling them. I
could see in a mirror that he was kissing her breasts then her
stomach as he slowly pulled them down. She made a sharp intake of
breath and I knew his tongue had reached her slit. He threw her
panties into a corner then slowly worked up again kissing all the
way until he whispered again in her ear. She said excitedly, "Oh
yes! Whip them! My pussy too."
  He looked over her shoulder directly at me and grinned! I
realized he saw me there from the bright light of the room but
since he didn't seem to mind I stayed there in a combination of
shock and excitement.
  He got the whip and began sliding the thongs up and down her
crotch. She moaned and opened her legs a little to feel it better.
He whispered something else to her and she moaned, "I know it will
hurt. I want to suffer for you!"
  He stood in front of her but he swung the whip around her hips to
make the thongs jiggle her buttcheeks. He kept hitting her ranging
from the top of her thighs to the top of her buttcheeks and they
got real red but it must not have hurt her bad because she just
moaned or made little gasps.
  When she was almost glowing red he stopped to kiss her and
whisper something to her. She moaned, "Yes. I am ready."
  He began slapping her breasts with it. He didn't hit any harder
than he had with his belt but the whip was obviously heavier
because I could see the sides of her boobs appear at her armpits as
he swung the whip back and forth. She just moaned with an
occasional gasp as I assumed it hit her sensitive nipples.
  I jerked up my sweater and bra to my neck to pull on my boobs
excitedly and then I saw the ends of the thongs come through her
crotch to snap against her butt. She moaned louder and began
pumping her hips to meet the whip!
  It was the last straw for me. I jerked down my jeans to sink to
my knees to rub my clit as orgasms washed over me.
  She let out a little scream and he dropped the whip to pull off
his robe and drive his dick into her. She wrapped her legs around
him and began moaning,"Yes!" over and over until her head dropped
onto his shoulder.
  He motioned at me to leave. I felt so weak it was a real effort
to climb the stairs.
  I laid in my bed idly caressing myself marvelling at what I had
seen. I was sure he had left the door open on purpose hoping I
would watch to know being whipped could be terribly exciting.
  The next morning I came down to breakfast. Mom was real chipper
and was wearing a thin white nightgown he had bought for her. When
her head was turned I stared at her. I could see her nipples
through the nightgown and was sure I could seee any welts if there
were any but her skin just looked a healthy pink.
  She kissed him goodbye then me forgetting my ritual of looking at
the whip. I was glad, sure that seeing it would soak my panties.
  School was a blur. I couldn't think of anything except that soon
I would be hanging for the whip.
  I don't even remember riding home. As I came up the driveway Mom
was sitting on the stoop in her shorts. I waved at her and acted as
if that caused me to lose my balance and rode over her pansies
mashing them into the muddy ground.
  She was so mad I was afraid she might not wait for Rob to get
home. I was relieved when she said, "You will suffer for that when
Rob gets home."
  I apologized sincerely because I had not planned to run over so
many of them. When my wheels had slipped off the driveway into the
mud they sunk in and I wasn't able to turn back as I had planned to
only damage a few. She went to them trying to salvage but after
pulling a few to the surface she yelled, "They are ruined!" and
began ripping them out. She said hatefully, "You'll pay for every
one!" She began counting aloud and I realized I would get a lash at
each count. I flinched at each loud number and then realized she
was not counting the plants but every bloom! As the count went over
thirty I became frightened realizing that my fantasies all day of
Rob slapping me with the whip would not be the case. She would be
whipping me and much harder. I was whimpering when she reached the
final count of fifty-two.
  She grabbed my hand to drag me into the house. By then I was
sobbing but it didn't get any sympathy. When we were in the house
she told me to take off my clothes saying, "You will have time to
think about what you did!"
  She had me take off everything even my shoes and stockings! Then
she ripped an extention cord out of the wallsocket and pulled my
hands behind me to wrap it around my wrists then pull up my arms to
tie them to a wall light fixture. I had to bend over to relieve the
strain on my shoulder joints. I realized that made my butt very
available and began to think she may spank it. That would ruin my
fantasy. I would still just be spanked only with the whip instead
of the paddle. I began to cry louder but then she slapped my face
and yelled, "Be quiet! Show some courage!"
  I managed to quiet down enough to satisfy her and she went into
the kitchen to finish dinner.
  I didn't have to hold that position too long. I heard Rob's car
come in and then he was at the door smiling at me knowing I had
made good on my promise.
  He went into the kitchen and said innocently, "What is happening?
Why is Carla tied to the fixture?"
  "The little bitch ran over my flowers! I think she did it
deliberately. I am prolonging her punishment by making her wait for
her punishment just as she will be when whipped!"
  He said soothingly, "Oh now calm down. I am sure she didn't mean
to. Being tied that way must hurt her shoulders. I am going to
loosen the cord."
  "Well okay but don't think you can get me to let her off."
  "No. Remember I told you I wouldn't interfere with the way you
raise her but I think the whipping will be punishment enough."
  He came out to me and loosened the cord enough for me to stand up
straight. I whispered, "Oh thank you. I did it for you."
  He gave me a quick kiss and said, "I know you did. I thought you
might and arranged the insurance. Soon we can be together. I know
you will be brave."
  He went back into the kitchen and said,"Since dinner isn't ready
I'll make us a drink. It should calm you down a little. You have
never used the whip and if you are too angry you might hurt her too
much."
  "I plan to hurt her. Don't think I may let you do it. You would
only excite her."
  "Oh I wouldn't want to do it. She has done nothing to me. You
know I don't whip you to punish you."
  "Oh I know. I have grown to love them but the whip will only be
used to punish her. Even though you don't hit hard I know it
excites you to see her crying in pain when I hit hard."
  He didn't argue the point. He brought out their glasses and
silverware while she carried two plates of food she placed on the
far side of the table so they could both see me. I defiantly sucked
in my tummy and opened my legs a little to make him excited and her
jealous of my better body.
  He continued to try to get her to show me some mercy by saying,
"Her skin is so white! It is also probably tender so you shouldn't
hit too hard." I loved him for it and looked at her with hate when
she said, "It won't be white for long. When I am through it will be
cherry red!"
  "Oh yes. I suppose it will be uncomfortable for her to sit for
awhile."
  "She will be uncomfortable all over. I am not just going to hit
her butt. That doesn't seem to hurt her much. She has fifty-two
lashes coming. Her butt would just get numb. I plan to spread them
around sp she will be red from her armpits to her thighs."
  He took a deep breath and stared at my boobs I was holding up
proudly and said, "Even her breasts? Do you think that is wise?"
  "Why not! It is still just skin and she is so proud of them it
should seem especially painful."
  I sobbed, "Oh no! You wouldn't hit them! That would be awful!"
  That didn't help, "She just crowed, "You see. Just the thought of
having them hit frightens her. She will be crying and shrieking. It
is good we have no close neighbors."
  I suddenly remembered what he had said about being brave and
managed to stifle my sobs to stare at her defiantly and say, "I
won't give you the satisfaction of seeing me cry!"
  She just laughed and said, We will see about that!" Then I saw
her hand go down out of sight and he got a startled look. I knew
she had touched his penis and she confirmed it by saying, "Ooo. You
are excited already. Would you like to put on your robe so you can
be more comfortable?"
  "Yes and you should be comfortable too. That tight shirt will
restrict you. Let's hang her up and you can change into your new
night clothes."
  He untied the cord and she led me into the room with the cuffs.
She buckled them onto my wrists and had him pull me up saying,
"Higher. Higher." until I was on my toes and fully stretched. She
looped the whip around my neck to have the handle lay on my right
boob while the thongs lay on my right. I began to whimper in fear.
  She left to change but Rob hung back long enough to come up
behind me and reach around to squeeze my boobs to pull me into him
and whispered in my ear. "I am so proud of you darling. Don't
worry, it won't be as bad as you think."
  He left me to go to their bedroom. He gave me hope it may be only
exciting and perversely I imagined a crowd of people seeing me this
way with my breasts so tight and my tummy so flat. I began twisting
my body to let the handle roll over my nipple and the thongs brush
me. By the time they returned I was very excited.
  She came out first. I could hardly believe how much he had
changed her. Her "night clothes" was just a thin nylon strip of
cloth that barely covered her nipples and at the bottom showed the
start of the curve of her breasts. It was so thin you could see her
dark nipples and the shadow of her cleavage The panties were of the
same material and cut real low. They fit so tight you could see the
puffiness of her pussy. Once I had shown her a baby doll nighty of
cotton and she had said that it was slutty because it left my belly
bare. He was wearing a silk robe that came down to his thighs and I
could see a prominent lump at the crotch.
  She teased me by rubbing my butt and saying this can be hit
across and upwards.then moved to my front to pull my breasts apart
saying these can be hit at the cleavage, the outside and up and
down to keep them dancing. I lost my resolve to be brave and
emitted a sob. She ignored it then said, "And finally this can be
hit diagonally, down and upwards." At upwards she cupped my pussy
and lifted it. Then she said angrily, "You are wet you slut! You
think this is going to be exciting. Believe me it won't be!"
  She stepped to my side and brought the whip across my butt with a
loud "Slap!" He was wrong. It stung as much as the paddle but it
was different. There was also excitement as the sting seemed to
radiate between my legs. He began counting as she did as she had
said hitting my butt up, down and across for ten lashes. then she
started up my back covering every inch. The sting was too far from
my crotch and it just hurt. I sobbed then gritted my teeth to keep
from crying out. I looked at Rob and he was smiling at me. I was
sure he was proud of me for being so brave and clenched my teeth
even harder. She moved down to my thighs and that was better. The
sting was just as bad but it radiated directly to my crotch.
  She moved to the front of my thighs and started up. She went
across my pussy but my hip bones protected it then the stings began
moving up my stomach until she was hitting my breasts making them
jump and quiver and separate. The stings were worse but at the same
time my excitement increased and at forty one across both nipples
stung horribly and at the same time gave me an orgasm that made me
scream.
  She stopped and said, "Finally! You aren't so brave after all!"
  I looked at her feeling very weak and noticed her top had worked
up above her breasts and had stuck there to her sweating body. Her
panties had become wet and were totally transparent.
  She stood there panting for a moment then Rob said, "She still
has a white area."
  She said, "Not for long!" She brought the whip down diagonally to
cross both my pussy lips. I screamed but the pain was pure
excitement. She kicked the inside of my ankle to make me open my
legs and brought the whip upwards into my gash. I went into orgasm.
I screamed and kept screaming as I perversely left my legs open for
lash after painful lash that just increased the intensity of my
orgasms until Rob grabbed her arm and said, "Enough! You have hit
her more than you set!"
  She seemed weak too and just stood there panting with this wild
look on her face as he untied my rope. I was so weak I just slipped
to the floor to lie in the foetal position. Then he picked her up
and carried her to the bedroom.
  I laid there panting until I began breathing normally and
unbuckled my cuffs. All my skin was hot as if I was sunburned and I
weakly climbed the stairs to get into a cool shower to wash off the
sweat covering my body. The cool water relieved the sting and burn
instantly and I stayed in it gently washing myself for a long time
marvelling at the fact the severe whipping had brought on the most
fantastic orgasms I had ever felt.
  I went to bed and rubbed my nipples and pussy but it just didn't
bring on the normal excitement so I went to sleep.
  I woke up the next morning when my ceiling light came on. I was
lying on the bottom sheet naked and instinctively grabbed the
covers to cover myself. It was Mom at the door who smiled at me and
said,"Don't cover up. I came up to see if you were alright. Rob
said I was awfully mean to you."
  I let the covers fall off my breasts and she pulled them the rest
of the way off. She inspected me closely even lifting my breasts to
see the underside and pulling my thighs apart to see my pussy. Her
soft hands on me felt nice so I didn't protest.
  Then she said, "Your skin must be tougher than it looks. There
are only a few small bruises but I am sorry I hit you so hard."
  In spite of the fact that she had given me the most fantastic
orgasms ever I didn't feel like forgiving her. I said, "You should
be sorry. You really hurt me bad!"
  "I know. If it makes you feel any better Rob said if I needed to
be punished he would let you do it instead of him."
  That fascinated me! "Would you really allow that?"
  "I don't have any choice. I love him. He is a great provider and
lover but don't get your hopes up. I have never done anything to
make him angry at me. I will do anything to excite him to make him
love me."
  I knew then that her spankings and whipping were just to get them
excited. I said, "I don't want to hurt you but I guess I wouldn't
have any choice either."
  "No but if you should get a chance remember that one day I will
be able to get even with you."
  She left at that point and I got up to look in the mirror. She
was right there were only a few bruises but I noted they were on my
most sensitive places near my nipples and on my pussy. there was no
pain so I showered and dressed in a short flared skirt and one of
my tight sweaters. I had to wear a bra but I decided to leave off
the panties because I knew my naked pussy would feel good rubbing
on the leather seat of my bike.
  It did. So much even when I waited for a stop light  I would lean
forward and rub on it. That and then day dreaming about my "Driving
Lesson" kept me from hearing my teachers. Two of them got upset
enough to say they would notify the principal then in my last class
my teacher got my attention by shaking my shoulder and saying,
"Carla. I am tired of yelling at you to pay attention. Take this
note to the principal."
  I knew I had really screwed up. If he notified Mom she may carry
out her threat to whip my ass until it was black and blue with a
broomstick after she had read a story in the newspaper about kids
that ignored their teachers once spanking had been outlawed.
  I had been good up to then except for a few other times I had
daydreamed and hoped I would just be bawled out.
  The suspense was terrible. His secretary told me to wait as they
were into something important and went into his office for what
seemed like forever. The bell rang and the other kids went home
along with the other office girl who told me they should be
finished soon.
  It was deathly quiet. I got restless and began pacing noticing
even the janitor was leaving and had locked the door behind him.
  Then his sceretary opened the door saying, "I think that will be
fine. I'll drop it off at the printers on the way home." then she
noticed me and said, "Oh yes. One of the girls is here to see you."
  She hurried out the door and he told me to come in. I handed him
the note which he read and then went to a filing cabinet to pull
out my file folder. He went through it Then said angrily, "I should
have talked to you before. There are three complaints in your file
and now three more in one day. You deserve a spanking but since I
can't you will have three weeks detention."
  I couldn't have that. I could never hide detention from my mother
and it would ruin my chance at driving lessons.
  "Oh no! Can't you spank me instead. Mom spanks me and it would be
alright with her."
  I knew he wanted to. He had campaigned against the rule to stop
corporal punishment but he said, "I don't even have a paddle
anymore."
  I saw an eighteen inch wood ruler on his desk they must have been
using and picked it up to hand it to him saying, "You could use
this. I would lift my skirt so you will know it hurts. I promise I
won't tell anyone. I don't want detention."
  He became interested saying," You would get three spanks for each
offense. Eighteen total. Do you still want to do it?"
  "Oh yes! I'll take twenty if you don't tell my Mom I had to be
punished."
  That did it! He pressed the intercom and said, "If anyone is in
the school, please call the principals office."
  He kept me waiting nervously for about five minutes as he slapped
the ruler into his palm then must have been satisfied we were
alone.
  He got up from his chair and told me to lift up my skirt and lie
across his desk. I picked it up by the hem at the back and rested
my chest and stomach on his desk. He must have been surprised to
see my bare bottom but he didn't say anything about that he just
said, "I don't want this to fall down into the way." and picked up
the front of my skirt to pull it up above my waist and tuck the hem
under my boobs giving him the excuse to compress my boobs to my
chest to tuck it in.
  He rubbed my buttcheeks as he said, "This will leave red welts.
Do you still prefer it to detention?"
  "Yes. I don't care if it is black and blue!"
  He brought back the ruler and hit across both buttcheeks making a
loud "Spat!" It really hurt. Maybe even more than Mom's paddle. I
was crying by the third and had to hold tightly to the other side
of the desk to keep from running away. It hurt way too much to
excite me. My poor butt stung and burned more and more as it went
on and when he finally stopped saying loudly, "Eighteen!" I was
sobbing and twisting on his desk. I stood up with tears flowing
down my cheeks to rub my burning bottom not even noticing my
pumping and twisting at the sharp spanks had caused the felt topped
desk to pull my sweater and flimsy bra up to my neck until he sat
in his chair in front of me and I noticed him staring at my boobs
shuddering with my sobs.
  I suddenly got embarrassed and pulled my bra and sweater over
them even though it was much too late.
  He smiled at me and said, "You are beautiful.The next time you
are spanked you will be naked."
  "I sobbed, "There won't be a next time. I will be good."
  He just smiled again and said, "We'll see. We have the rest of
the year."
  I meant what I said. It had been awful and my buns hurt all the
way home but there was satisfaction too. I felt like a martyr that
had suffered for her lover to allow the "Driving lesson."
  Rob's word was good. Right after dinner he told Mom he would give
me a driving lesson. Unfortuneately she said, "That should be
interesting. I'll ride along."
  We drove around aimlessly while she pointed out attractive
gardens and occasionally bitched about the little hard seat in the
back of his sports car. It was a good lesson. I eventually learned
to shift gears smoothly but I was really disappointed that we could
not be alone.
  We went out again the next day but Mom insisted she ride along so
Rob lost interest and we only tried every few days. Meanwhile I
became more and more frustrated because she became more and more
demonstrative kissing and hugging him at every opportunity and
being sure to wear nothing but cut-off t-shirts and her little
shorts or skirts she had hemmed up so high they barely covered her
butt so he could easily get his hands on her bare butt. This would
get him excited enough to send me to my bedroom. Now he always left
the door ajar on their bedroom or punishment room so I could watch.
I really tried to resist watching because I knew it would just make
me jealous and even more frustrated but I couldn't stop myself.
  He turned her sideways to the door now so I could see everything
and he became a master at working her into a frenzy. He would start
by just licking and sucking her nipples then he would lick her clit
until she was trembling. Then he would tickle her nipples and clit
with a big feather until she moaned, "More" then he would slap her
nipples and clit with a little whip made of long wide rubber bands
until she was squealing in ecstasy and finally screaming. Whip me!
Whip me hard!" at that point he would use the leather whip with a
full swing as her body poured sweat and pulsated until her head
dropped in exhaustion.
  He would let her down to the floor then gently stroke and massage
her as her body would occasionally shudder from little aftershocks
of orgasms until she recovered enough to repay him by licking his
dick and balls even back to his rectum then suck him until he
filled her mouth with his semen.
  I was terribly jealous. No matter how I fantasized I just
couldn't imagine how wonderful that must have felt to her.
  The more and stronger he was able to make her orgasms the more
demonstative and loving she became. Eventually she would make him a
drink and seat him in his big chair then she would change into a
filmy short nighty and kneel between his legs facing me. She would
take his hands into hers to put them on her breasts and as he
caressed them she would smile at me triumphantly practically
saying, "Look at me. I am being loved but you aren't." 
  I would get so jealous I couldn't stand it and go to my room to
masturbate but that was nothing next to what he would do to her.
  I had one consolation. Now that I could wear sexier clothing the
boys at school were paying a lot more attention to me. That morning
I looked for something particularly sexy and while digging in my
underwear drawer found the book and remembered I was supposed to
return it. I put it in my bookbag and then I put on a short pleated
skirt that buttoned from the hem to the waist at the side planning
to unbutton a few buttons at the hem as soon as I was out of sight
to show the side of my leg nearly to my butt. I put on a blouse
that just had elastic at the top hem to be held up by my boobs and
short enough to show my belly-button. Since it was loose enough to
hide my nipples I didn't wear a bra. Then I decided to leave off my
panties too.That got a lot of attention at school. Maybe too much
because the frumpy english teacher said nastily, "You know the
dress code does not allow bare midriffs. Cover it up."
  I guess she expected me to pull the waist of my skirt up to cover
it but I defiantly pulled down the blouse until it barely covered
my nipples. She gulped and said, "I guess that makes it technically
legal." and walked away. 
  I was a hit! The boys and even the men teachers looked at me
admiringly. All I had to do was raise my arms to bare my navel and
when I sat down the front of the skirt would slide between my legs
to bare one leg almost to the crotch and the back would fall away
to show the start of the curve of my butt. It was fun to tease the
teachers and watch them pretend they didn't notice.
  At noon there was a pep rally which was great. The cheers gave me
lots of opportunity to raise my arms to show my navel and make my
boobs sway. The cheerleaders must have been disgruntled to see the
boys turn around to watch me instead of them.
  I was still excited on the way to the museum and became more so
as I felt my pussy sliding on my bike seat.
  When I went in she was talking to a man in his early twenties. I
held back until he walked away because I was a little embarrassed
for him to know I had read it since he may know how sexy it was.
  When He moved away I went to her to hand her the book and said,
"Thank you for loaning me the book. It was interesting."
  She smiled and said, "Just interesting dear? Didn't you find it a
little exciting?"
  I blushed and admitted, "Well yes.. It is hard to read it without
imagining youself in her place."
  She smiled and said, "I would like you to meet someone. He
designed the exhibit that fascinated you. Joshua, come here and
meet Carla."
  He came over to shake my hand noticing that made my braless boobs
sway then said, "Mona said you liked my exhibit. Could you imagine
what it would have been like to be a slave?"
  I blushed again because I had spent a lot of time imagining it.
Not just being whipped but knowing the white masters could make me
fuck them or anything else. I said lamely, "It was really graphic I
would think anyone could imagine themselves hung up and whipped
like the pictures."
  "We have another exhibit downstairs that our faint hearted
directors would not let me show. Would you like to see it?"
  "Yes. I guess so."
  "Good. Follow me."
  We went downstairs to the basement and then through a thick door
to stairs leading down to a sub-basement. It was eerie. The stairs
were just lit by dim bulbs and it was deathly quiet.
  He opened another door and turned on a flood light in the ceiling
to show a square wooden stage with an "H" shaped frame that had
wristcuffs hanging from it.
  I gasped as he led me up on the stage. Then he said, "The object
was to have our guests hung from the padded cuffs to really know
how the slave would feel. I spent a lot of time on it. Look at
this."
  He flipped a switch and suddenly a movie screen lit up showing an
audience yelling, clapping and waving their fists. It was just like
my fantasy!. He turned it off saying, I made a movie of the
audience at a wrestling match since they seemed most rabid. Do you
think it would make it seem more real?"
  "Oh yes. That must be a lot like it was.The history books never
mention the audience but a whipping must have excited them."
  He grinned noticing I was breathing heavily to make my boobs move
and said, "Would you like to try it? the wrist cuffs are just held
together with velcro so you could pull looses from them if it is
too frightening."
  "Yes. I have wondered what it would be like."
  He put on the cuffs and pulled up my arms to bare my tummy  then
he pulled on my ankle to make me look down to see two more cuffs
that would hold my legs apart. I spread my legs next to the cuffs
chained to the floor and stood there trembling with excitement
knowing my unbuttoned skirt had bared my leg nearly to my butt.
  He turned on the projector and I was a slave! I stared back at
the audience that seemed so real defiantly letting them know I
would not beg. I jerked at the cuffs but he had lied. The cuffs
didn't loosen a bit.
  He came close to me and said softly, "It still isn't quite the
same is it?"
  I knew what was wrong and said, "No. The woman was naked."
  He smiled and said, "I thought you would feel this way."
  He pulled my blouse up and looped it behind my neck then
unbuttoned my skirt and threw it in a corner. I was totally naked!
With my legs apart all of my pussy was exposed.
  I don't know if I imagined it or not but the audience suddenly
seemed louder. He must have photographed a woman's wrestling match
because I heard a man yell, "Hit her."
  Then I heard a "Whap!" with a pause then another. I wasn't being
hit but it seemed like it so much I jerked at my bonds as if hit.
Just as the sound was due again I looked to my right and saw Joshua
standing there with his shirt off as his muscled torso tensed and
then hit the post with a whip that looked almost like a skinny mop
of leather strings to make the "Whap!" sound. 
  It thrilled me so much I had to feel it and moaned, "No. Hit me."
  He stepped behind me then I heard the "Whap!" just as I felt a
sting followed by tingles on my butt. It hurt but it hurt good and
I moaned, "Oh yes!"
  He hit me a few more times then I felt a sting on my right breast
I looked down just in time to see the ends of the strands envelop
and compress my left breast and jerk it to the side as he pulled
back on the whip. I watched fascinated as my bobs jumped and
quivered as stings went deeper to cause a throbbing sensation that
made my whole body quiver.
  The whip came around the side of my hip to make my pussy lips
jerk only to be stung and jerked again as the whip came around my
other hip to pull my pussy the other way. The stings were so close
to my clit I rapidly got to orgasm but I wanted even more and I
begged, "Harder. Hit harder!"
  He did and now my pussy was jumping and throbbing then the whip
came up between my legs to let the center strands hit my clit and I
squealed as orgasms grew stronger and stronger as my body jumped
and became wet from perspiration. He stopped to step in front of me
and I begged, "Oh fuck me. Please fuck me!"
  He dropped his pants and plunged his thick and long dick deep
into me by jerking on my butt cheeks as I tensed and relaxed my
muscles to feel every inch of it while the audience continued to
cheer until I reached an ultimate orgasm just before his dick
softened and slid out of me.
  He unbuckled my ankles and turned off the projector then pressed
his chest against my still throbbing boobs to reach up to rip off
my wrist cuffs. I was so grateful for the wonderful orgasms I
kissed him then slid down his body kissing him on the way down
until I captured his partially hard dick in my mouth tasting my
juices and his. Just as it was getting really hard I heard Martha
say, "I knew the first moment I saw her she would be thrilled by
the whip."
  It startled me and I fell back to sit on my legs and held an arm
over my boobs with my other hand hiding my crotch."
  She said, "Don't hide dear. You are beautiful and should be proud
of your loveliness."
  She smiled as I put my hands behind my back to raise up on my
knees sucking in my stomach and pushing out my breasts just as "O"
might have.
  She said, "You are a perfect cndidate for our S and M club. You
would have fantastic orgasms when whipped in front of a live
audience. Would you like that?"
  I said, "Oh that sounds thrilling but my folks don't let me go
out alone."
  "Won't they let you have dates?"
  "Well yes but boys don't take me out because I have to be home by
eleven and sometimes the movie isn't even over by then."
  "That wouldn't be a problem. Josh could date you and bring you
home by then."
  That sounded wonderful. I wouldn't need Rob any longer but then I
knew why it would be impossible and sobbed as I admitted, "It would
be wonderful but sometimes they make me get naked for punishment
and they would see the marks on my skin."
  "No they wouldn't. Look at yourself. The red is already fading.
It will be gone in fifteen minutes and you will never be marked
more than that." 
  I looked down then caressed my still tingling nipples in wonder.
She was right. The red was fading fast and I knew it would be gone
by the time I got home. It seemed like a miracle. When I was being
whipped I had been sure my boobs and pussy would be one big bruise.
  I said happily, "If you can promise that of course I will join.
You will be surprised how submissive I can be. I will do anything
anyone wants."
  "I know you will. Tell your folks you have a date for dinner
Wednesday night and that you will be home by eleven."
  Then she quizzed me about things my Mom liked and I told her she
loved flowers and liked to eat lobster but it was so expensive she
couldn't afford to do it as much as she liked.
  When I got home I told Mom excitedly about my date. She was not
too happy when she found out the man was not a boy from school and
said, "If I don't like him. I won't let you go."
  I was really afraid she might not let me go just out of meanness
but she told Rob that I was going since I was old enough to start
looking for someone to marry me.
  Rob wasn't pleased either. I knew he was jealous that someone
else may like me knowing I would not resist anything he may want to
do.
  At least he took out his anger at her. Mom was wearing a
housedress and I was still in my blouse and skirt now buttoned all
the way down. He yelled, "Why are you so covered up? You know how I
like you when I get home."
  His anger frightened her and she said nervously, "I'm sorry. I'll
go put on my nightie."
  "No. It is too late. I want you naked."
  She looked startled and said, "No! Not in front of Carla!"
  He glared at her and said, "You dumb bitch. Just for protesting
you will not only be naked you will be whipped!"
  Tears came to her eyes but she began unbuttoning the dress
whimpering, "You won't let Carla do it will you? She will hurt me
to get even for her spankings."
  "Of course. It is only fair. You enjoyed whipping her."
  She began to sob and stalled by unbuttoning every button clear to
the hem at the front of the dress although she could have slid it
off once it had been unbuttoned to her waist.
  She finally slid it off to reveal a costume I had never seen. Two
loops of chain compressed the bases of her breasts with a
connecting chain going around her neck to lift them and there was a
chain around here waist pulling another chain into the crack of her
butt and sunk between her pussy lips to make them bulge.
  Rob said, "You can leave on the chains." and she turned to walk
slowly to our punishment room. I could imagine how the chain would
feel rubbing on her clit but she didn't look excited as she went
under the rope and submissively held out her hands for Rob to
buckle the cuffs gasping as he pulled the rope up tight.
  Then he said, "Carla. Take off your clothes. I don't want you to
be restricted."
  That was ridiculous. My blouse gave my arms total freedom but the
idea excited me and I stripped quickly while he pulled her legs
apart to buckle her ankles to cuffs on the floor.
  He handed me the whip and then went to her and squeezed her
buttcheeks to say, "Give her ten here." Then reached around to
squeeze her breasts saying, "Ten here." then made her gasp by
pulling up on the chain in her pussy to say, "Finally ten here."
  He led me over by her side then stepped back to say, "One."
  I hit her lightly remembering her warning she would get even on
that one and "Two." but then he said, "Harder! You aren't hurting
her." That gave me the excuse I needed. Now I could blame him if
she got mad at me and hit harder to redden her skin. I became very
excited especially when I moved to her front to make her breasts
dance not because I was hurting her but because I could almost feel
the stings on my body with my vivid imagination. On the last ten to
her pussy I swung the whip around like a softball pitcher making
her lips jump and the chain shake. She made "Yipping" sounds and at
the last screamed then her head fell into a dead faint.
  Rob spun me around to stick his dick between my legs and I
grabbed him around his neck by my arms and wrapped my legs around
his butt to pull him deep inside me not caring if she saw us.
  I had two orgasms before he came then let my legs slide to the
floor. He said, "Go to bed. I'll take care of her."
  I went to bed but I was still excited and grabbed my hairbrush
off my dresser to spank my pussy with the bristles until I had an
explosive orgasm that let me go to sleep.
  I woke up just as it was getting light to see Mom standing at the
foot of my bed naked and staring at me.
  I instinctively grabbed my covers to hide myself dreading the
threats of terrrible punishment she would give me but she said,
"Thank you for not hitting me too hard.I feel very close to you. I
know we can both have orgasms from the whip. Your next whipping
will be as exciting as the one you gave me. I have never had an
orgasm strong enough to make me faint before last night."
  I got up and hugged her naked body to mine and said, "I am so
glad you aren't mad at me. I'll do anything you want to help get
Rob excited for you."
  "You already have darling but I am glad now I won't have to
pretend I am angry to whip you."
  Wednesday arrived and in spite of our changes in dress Rob
insisted I wear my old cotton bra, panties, and a slip with a loose
sweater and my longest skirt to make me as unattractive as possible
and said if I was late they would make my punishment horrendous.
  Josh came dressed in a conserative dark suit and made an instant
hit with them by complimenting Rob on his beautiful home and great
sports car then telling Mom she was lovely and I was lucky to have
inherited her beauty. But the thing that thrilled her the most was
a large bunch of floweres she rushed to get into a vase and as a
topper gave her a gift certificate for dinner for two at the "Red
Lobster" saying they had been a gift to him but he didn't care for
lobster that much.
  She was so happy she said, "Try to have her home by midnight. We
worry about her."
  I was thrilled to have the extra hour and said in his car, "Oh
you were wonderful. They were not happy about my date and I was
afraid she may make me come back early but she was so happy with
you she gave me an extra hour."
  "Yes that is good. You will have more timr for sex. You will be
able to enjoy many of the positions in the 'Kama Sutra."
  I had never heard of that and he explained it was an oriental
book that provided many positions and methods to obtain the maximum
pleasures of sex after my whipping.
  That reminded me that there would also be pain but that just
thrilled me more and I was only worried about being marked.
  He relieved that worry by saying, "Your whipping will be early in
the evening and you will be massaged to make sure all marks are
gone by the time we leave."
  He drove us out to a big house in the country far from any
neighbor. That frightened me a little since I knew if it was
terrible no-one would hear my screams to help but I was committed
and realized I could not be hurt too badly if there would be no
marks. 
  Josh led me through the front door and into a long hall where I
could hear voices murmuring through a closed door at the end.
  My slave status was made obvious when he opened a closet to take
out a dog collar and leash he fastened around my neck to lead me
through the door. I saw a large room with a small stage in the
center that had cuffs hanging down ominously from a pulley in the
ceiling. There was about twenty people milling around holding
drinks. They were all wearing white robes with whips or leather
straps hanging from their belts.
  Josh led me to the stage and when I stepped up on it and turned
to face the audience he said, "Welcome our new member. Carla!"
  They all began to applaud and I heard someone say, "She is
beautiful!"
  I felt like a star! I gave a little bow in recognition of the
applause just as stars on TV did. 
  Josh stood behind me and pulled my sweater over my head which
added more applause then unzipped my skirt to let it fall to the
floor. He began very slowly raising my slip like a strip-tease and
I smiled at the burst of applause as it went over the top of my
panties to show my flat tummy I had sucked in as much as possible.
  When the slip was off he unclasped my bra then slowly slid it
down my breasts until they were revealed to bring another burst of
applause that increased when he put his hands under them to lift
and bounce them gently saying, "Her breasts move beautifully under
the whip."
  He slowly slid down the big panties to reveal me inch by inch
then let them drop to bring his hands around my hips to pull my
crotch hair to the sides while saying, "Look at this tight slit. It
is like a baby's"
  I blushed at that and someone said, "Oh good. She is bashful."
  I was so excited by then I raised my arms expecting him to put on
the cuffs but he said, "Put your hands on your head." then led me
out into the audience to introduce me with only first names. 
  As I was introduced each man or woman fondled my butt, breasts
and even pussy. They reminded me those areas would soon be feeling
the sting of the whip by making comments about how exciting they
would look shuddering under the whip or that soon my body would be
red and pulsating.
  I was amazed to recognize several people from prior meetings or
their pictures in the newspaper who were so respectable I would
never have guessed they would be involved in this club. I had
expected a disreputable bunch like bikers or something but these
were all well known.
  I recognized Our mayor, The police chief, another policeman who
patrolled our school, our football coach, a security guard at a
department store who had accused me of shoplifting when I was about
ten years old. When I tearfully said I was innocent and that he
could search me to prove it he took me to a back room and took off
all my clothes. Naturally I couldn't tell mom that I had been
suspected and had been so embarrassed I had wiped out the memory
until now as he slid his finger into my pussy to feel around just
as he had looking for a fake ruby earrings I had been looking at.
Even women fondled me with finally my gym teacher who went even
further by nibbling at my nipples while fondling my pussy. I
understood now why she watched us in the shower.
  By then I was breathing hard and trembling in excitement. He led
me to the stage and turned me to face the audience. They stared at
me avidly as He pulled my legs apart apart about three feet to cuff
my ankles then put on my wrist cuffs to tighten my body as my
breasts heaved from my deep breathing.
  I heard a gasp as my skin tightened and my waist shrunk. I
anxiously awaited the first thrilling sting but he teased me by
fondling my boobs and pulling my pussy lips open as he said, "You
know this is going to hurt. Don't you?"
  I moaned, "Oh yes."
  "You want the sting. Don't you?"
  "Oh yes! Make me sting all over!"
  Even then he continued to tease me by rubbing the leather strings
of the whip over my pussy and nipples to make the knots slide
against my clit and make my nipples vibrate until I begged, "Oh
God! Whip me!"
  He moved to my side and I felt a sting across my butt that seemed
a bit worse than the other time but it just increased the thrills.
He kept hitting my butt until he noticed I had caught the rhythmn
and was pushing out my butt to meet the whip then went to my tender
inner thighs to make me squeal, then up my tummy until my breasts
were bobbing and the nipples stinging then diagonally down to my
crotch to jerk at my pussy lips and sting my clit. I don't know how
many times he hit me. My excitement just rose until I went into
orgasm Then he stopped and another man began hitting me then a
woman who concentrated on my pussy then finally there were three at
once to sting my boobs, butt, and pussy at the same time until I
was almost to the ultimate orgasm.
  They finally stopped and I begged, "Please fuck me!" to a man in
front of me who had removed his robe to reveal a large hard dick.
  But he said, Don't worry. You will get all the sex you can
stand."
  As they unbuckled me I looked out into the audience to see them
all taking off their togas.
  When I was loose Josh had me get on my hands and knees then I was
surrounded by men and women fondling my stinging boobs and putting
their fingers into my pussy. Someone stuck a greasy finger into my
rectum to make me gasp as he pulled it around in a circular motion.
Surprisingly that felt good then someone grabbed my waist with his
big hands and I felt a dick nosing against my little puckered
rectum. He lunged and it went in just as the man with the big dick
pressed my cheeks with his fingers to get me to open my mouth so he
could slide his dick deep into my throat to make me gag. Eventually
the gag reflex went away so I could appreciate the dick up my butt.
  From there I was sat down on anothers dick then bent forward to
let another dick go into my rectum as I gyrated on them another put
his dick by my mouth which I sucked in to complete filling all my
orifaces.
  From then on it was just fantastic sex with all new positions and
things happening to me including having my gym teacher use her
fluttering tongue on my clit.
  Just as I was beginning to think I would have to fuck or suck all
of them and was nearly limp from exhaustion Josh said, "She is
exhausted. It is no fun to fuck a limp rag. Let's move on."
  Josh and another man helped me over to a couch and sat on each
side of me. They pulled my legs over theirs and idly played with my
dripping pussy which by then was just soothing.
  A woman with beautiful round boobs came over to us with a tray in
front of her. When she got close I realized she was not holding the
tray. Little chains from the front of the tray led to toothed
clamps biting into and stretching her nipples while three other
clamps were biting her stomach at the rear.
  She flinched at every step in the longest high heels I had ever
seen that made the tray quiver.
  "I said, "Oh gosh. Doesn't that hurt?"
  "Yes. It is supposed to. It is my night to be serving girl. If I
don't complain about it I will be rewarded by great sex. "What
would you like to drink?"
  The only drink I knew was a screwdriver which I ordered while the
men asked for scotch and waters. When she came back I was amazed to
see she had the three large glasses at the front edge of the tray
to exert the maximum pull on her nipples to change the shape of her
breasts from looking like cantaloupes to a pear shape. There were
tears in her eyes but she managed a smile when I thanked her.
  Then a woman was led to the stage by a man carrying a buggy whip.
about six feet long. The tassles at the end had been tied into a
knot. The man said, "Mona has agreed to try my new whip. As an
incentive she will get a minute of cunnilingus for each lash she
allows."
  I asked Josh what cunnilingus was and he explained it was having
her pussy licked and her clitoris sucked then added, "She is
amazing. She can take more pain than anyone. She makes other women
seem cowardly."
  I waited for her to be tied but to my surprise she simply knelt
and spread her legs then leaned back with her hands on the floor
behind her to arch her back making her breasts and pussy completely
open.
  The man stepped away from her and brought the whip down with a
whistle and loud "Snap!" as it left a dark red line with a big
blotch from the knot just above her open slit. Amazingly she just
gasped at what must have been horrible pain. I said in wonder, "How
can she stand that without trying to get away?" Josh said, "That is
nothing. She can take more."
  He hit her twice more leaving blotches at the top of the "V" of
her crotch then he put blotches close together down her pussy lips
which made her pussy dark red and caused swelling. He moved to her
breasts covering them with blotches but she didn't scream until he
hit one nipple and then the other with the knot. As her screams
turned to sobs he took careful aim and brought it down into her
open slit right on her clitoris. She let out a bloodcurdling scream
and rolled over on her stomach as the man said, " She did even
better than she thought she could. We owe her twenty minutes."
  Two men carried her over to a big overstuffed chair where they
put her butt right on the edge and the serving girl gave her a
drink she swallowed in gulps. Then men and women began licking her
pussy as she smiled and moaned.
  I said in awe, "She was so brave! How could she do that?"
  "Josh said, "You are brave too. Someday you may volunteer for
something like that."
  "Oh I doubt it. I couldn't anyway. She will really be bruised
tomorrow. Look at her breasts. They are maroon and swollen tight!
They will be bruised for days and Mom would see me."
  He smiled since I had admitted the main reason I wouldn't do it
was because of the aftermath and he knew the idea excited me as I
began to wet his fingers still toying with my pussy.
  After that another woman was led up on the stage to be hung then
whipped by a man on each side keeping her boobs jumping and jerking
while my gym teacher brought the whip up between her legs from the
rear to let the tips hit all around her clit. That wasn't quite as
exciting since it was light whips like Moms but it was more than
enough to get me to climb up on Josh's lap to put his dick into me
so I could watch as I swivelled on it to get another good orgasm.
  Then it was time to go home. I didn't feel too bad about it since
I had become completely satiated and I noticed others were leaving
as well but I hated to have to put my clothes back on. They just
killed all the good sensations and worse Josh seemed to lose
interest in me with them on. He said there would be another meeting
in ten days which gave me something to look forward to but he
didn't say anything about dates with just the two of us. When I
asked him if just the two of us could go out I realized how jaded
he had become. He told me that he lived in an apartment with thin
walls and was not really interested in just sex without the
"Games."
I was really disappointed and suggested that we could go out into
the woods somewhere to have privacy but he said that I was under
eighteen and if we got caught he could go to jail. He did say that
he would take me and my folks out to dinner on Saturday just to
keep his relationship with them good. Mentioning their names
evidentally reminded him that they saw me naked because he said,
"That reminds me. You said your parents punish you naked. How do
they punish you?"
  "Only Mom is my parent. Rob is my step-dad and only she punishes
me but she found out it embarrassed me to have to be naked so now I
always have to be naked. At first I was punished by hitting my butt
with a paddle so hard I was bruised but now I am whipped."
  "Really! Describe it."
  "It is a lot like the last lady at the club. I am stretched up by
cuffs on my wrists then whipped with a thong whip like they used on
her. It is better than the spankings. I feel grown up and if she
isn't too mean I can even get excited."
  "Oh. Then my whipping you and the club whipping were nothing
new."
  "Oh there is no comparison. Those whippings were pure excitement.
You only hit hard enough to give me orgasms and having an audience
made it so exciting I didn't mind being hit harder and longer."
  "I see. You could be excited with something even more severe."
  "Well maybe.. But I won't know since I can't be marked with bad
welts or bruises."
  "Yes. You would need time to heal."
  He stayed silent from then on while I wondered if I could be
brave enough to have the buggy whip used on me. 
  He took me to the door and kissed me then said, "I'll try to work
something out."
  Mom was waiting up for me and quizzed me about my date.
Fortunately I had read a review on a movie in town and was able to
convince her we had just gone to it and went to a restaurant
afterwards for a hamburger. She lost interest when I swore he had
not tried to touch me except for a goodnight kiss and let me go to
bed. It was wonderful to get naked again and I laid on my bed and
caressed myself remembering the thrill of being everyones center of
attention and the delightful stings of the whip.
  The next day Mom went shopping and said she wouldn't be home
until about five PM. Rob took advantage of our time alone to make
love to me but after my experiences at the "Club" I had become
jaded and it was not all that exciting. He was anxious and only
licked my pussy long enough to get me wet and came so fast I barely
got to orgasm. He noticed and spanked my pussy with his belt before
fucking me again which gave me a much better one. He noticed that
too and said, "You are just like your Mom. You need a little pain
to get off."
  Actually I wanted a lot of pain but I just admitted that a little
stinging did help me get excited.
  He said, "You haven't had a good whipping for a long time. Why
don't you do something wrong to give your Mom an excuse to whip
you?"
  "No. I hate that! She hits much too hard which only hurts me and
even if it did excite me you wouldn't be able to make love to me to
make up for it."
  "Well you may get a chance to get even with her. She has become a
shopaholic. I told her that if she put more than $200,00 on the
credit card she would be spanked just like she did to you. Would
you like to do the spanking?"
  "Oh yes. I would like to let her know how much she hurt me. I
know I only excited her when I whipped her but I am afraid she may
make my next whipping that much worse."
  "That's the chance you would have to take. She may not be angry
with you knowing you are just following my directions."
  "Oh yes. I could start out easy then you could tell me to hit
harder."
  "Yeah. I could do that."
  We got dressed and was innocently drinking coffee when she
returned. I had supper ready and served it as she said excitedly "I
found some lovely things. You will enjoy seeing me in them."  
  Rob said, "There are a lot of sacks. You didn't go over your
limit did you?"
  That sobered her and she looked worried as she said, "Oh. I
didn't keep track but I don't think so."
  After dinner she put on a fashion show. She came out in a
cocktail dress that was really short with a low cut top that made
it obvious she was not wearing a bra to wear to the dinner I had
told her Josh was taking us to then the tiniest short shorts I had
ever seen. 
  Finally she said, "I have a matching set for Carla and me. Come
into the bedroom with me Carla, and we will model them for him."
  I followed her into the bedroom to see two sets of underwear on
the bed. I picked up the panties to see they were just two little
triangles of white nylon gauze with elastic strings to go around
the waist and up the butt crack. I could see my fingers clearly
under the gauze and the bra of two other triangles were the same.
  I said, "God Mom. Where did you find these. I have never seen
anything like them."
  She giggled and said, "I found them at a sex shop. Rob hasn't
made love to me for days. These should get him excited."
  "But Mom. I will be practically naked. Do you really want him to
see me like this? He may want to make love to me too."
  "Yes. Don't argue with me. He thinks you are beautiful and it
should help him get excited for me. He knows I won't allow him to
fuck you. Just follow my lead."
  We put them on and when I looked in the mirror I saw they seemed
even sexier than being naked. They just seemed to call attention to
our nipples you could see easily and even the lips of our pussies.
  She stuck her head out the door and told him to turn on the
stereo. When the music started she went through the door and I
followed her lead in dancing for him. We bent over to waggle our
bare butts for him then shook our breasts and pumped our hips in
time with the beat. It excited me to see his obvious excitement. It
worked for her. He grabbed her when she went close to him and gave
her a playful slap on her butt saying, "Come with me. You naughty
girl." He led her into the bedroom and she closed the door.
  I kept dancing until the end of the song imagining a large
audience admiring me then went to bed to masturbate.
  The next morning she gave me a hug and said, "It worked
beautifully. He was great. He lasted a long time."
  I knew why. It had been the third time for him and was sure she
had completely drained him.
  The best part of it for me was that it had started a precedent.
She didn't object when she saw me downstairs in just my skimpy
nightie even when he playfully patted my butt and squeezed it on
the way out to work.
  I told Mom what he had done but she said, "I know. I saw it.
Don't worry about it. After all he isn't your real father and it
may help to get him excited. I'll make sure he doesn't fuck you.
Let him have his fun."
  When I got home from school she had made us two more costumes by
hemming up a skirt so it barely covered our butts and using the
extra material to make a top by sewing elastic at the top to go
under our armpits and around our backs. The tops showed the sides
of our boobs and I said, "Mom. This is an open invitation for him
to feel us. Are you sure you won't get mad if he touches me?"
  "No I'll stop him if he goes too far."
  We put on the tiny panties and she said we didn't need bras since
the material was opaque.
  Dinner was ready when he got home and we both teased him by
leaning over to show our bare bottoms. He watched us intensely 
even following us into the kitchen to enjoy seeing us bend over to
put the dishes in the dishwasher which bared our bottoms and let
the top fall away from our boobies.
  He said he wanted to see our muscles working and put my exercise
tape into the VCR.  Mom and I worked up a sweat as Rob grinned and
clapped his hands as our costumes allowed peeks underneath.
When we were done he took our hands and led us to the couch. When
we sat down he put his arms around our shoulders to hug us as he
said, "I am so lucky to have two lovely girls. The guys at the
office would die of jealousy."
  He brought his hand under our tops to stroke and squeeze our
outside boobs and it felt wonderful. Mom and I began to breathe
deeply then he brought down his hands to slide them under our
skirts and put his fingers under our panties to tease our clits as
we pushed up our hips into his hand until Mom reached over to rub
his crotch and when he was hard she took his hand and led him into
their bedroom. I felt frustrated and cheated. I had been close to
orgasm and thought she was really mean not to let me share him.
  I played with myself for awhile but the moment was gone and just
watched TV hoping they might come out to have me join them. I
finally gave up and went to bed.
  The next morning she had obviously worn him out, He didn't get up
until ten and hardly looked at us even though we were just in
nighties. He said, "I need a break. I am going fishing."
  When he had gone She said, "He was great last night. As long as
you cooperate maybe neither of us will be whipped to excite him."
  I said, "Why would that bother you? You know being whipped
excites you. Well you weren't actually whipped. It was more like a
slapping by him but my whipping excited you too."
  She actually blushed! Then said, "I don't care if you think it
didn't hurt much. It took a lot of courage to agree to be hung up
helplessly not knowing how hard he may hit."
  "Maybe for the first time but after that you knew it would just
excite you."
  "Yes that is true. Do you think I am strange? Sometimes I wish he
would hit harder but I am afraid to ask for it. Do your whippings
excite you? It is hard to tell since we get a look of agony on our
faces when we come almost like great pain."
  "I don't think you are strange I think I would be excited too if
you didn't hit so hard."
  She looked at me pondering what I had said then said, "It would
excite him fantastically if you would volunteer for a whipping like
I did.If you would do that I would only hit hard enough to excite
you. I could start real easy then you could ask me to hit harder.
That would drive him wild."
  "What is in it for me? I am just left in pain while he makes love
to you. I feel used."
  "Do you like Josh?"
  "Yes of course. He is wonderful."
  "Alright then. If you volunteer I will take you to the store to
buy a beautiful cocktail dress for you so he will know how lovely
you are and on your next date you can stay out as long as you want.
If he doesn't make love to you it will be your fault."
I agreed enthusiastically even going as far as saying I would do it
untied so he could be sure it was my idea.
  She took me to town and bought me a pretty white satin cocktail
dress that bared my boobies almost to my nipples and clung to my
little waist and big buttcheeks. She went even further by taking me
to the beauty school where my hair was done and cosmetics applied.
  I suddenly realized the dress at $120.00 and the beauty school at
forty would certainly add up to more than the limit he had set. I
said, "Mom. I really appreciate the dress and makeover but you have
surely spent more than $200.00. You will be punished."
  "Maybe but maybe not. He may be satisfied by your volunteering
and if not he told me that since I punish you it would only be fair
for you to punish me and I am sure you won't hit hard."
  "Well no harder than you hit me."
  "I'll remember that."
  We got home just before Rob and had put on the dresses to pose in
front of the mirror.
  He walked in angry. Mom asked him what was wrong and he said,"I
broke my $150.00 fly rod. I don't think it can be fixed."
  It was broken about four feet from the tip and he fit it together
wondering aloud if he might be able to glue it together again.
Suddenly he pulled it lose and slapped it down loudly on the coffee
table. Mom and I jumped at the loud "Crack!" He said. It is no
use!" but then he said, "I may be able to use it for something
else"
  He picked it up and said he would be in the garage. Mom told him
to hurry because he only had a little over an hour to shower and
dress for dinner. He said, "This won't take long."
  He came back in in about fifteen minutes carrying the rod and
showed it to us saying, "I thought it was time for something new to
use on you."
  He had removed all the fishing line guides except the one at the
tip which he had used to tie on six lengths of fishing line with
split-shot lead sinkers on them to form a "V" formation as they
hung down.
  Mom and I cringed especially me because it looked so much like
the tip of the buggy whip that hade made deep red lines and it did
not have the lead balls.
  Mom said, "Oh that is terrible. It could cut us!"
  "Only if it is used hard. You haven't done anything to have it
used hard have you?"
  Mom said, "Oh no!" I thought she must be thinking of some scheme
to lower the credit card debt."
  About that time Josh arrived in a limousine and had orchid
corsages for both of us!  Mom and I hugged him  and Rob was
impressed. Mom and I sat next to Josh in the limo while Rod faced
us in the other seat. Josh pointed out a bottle of champagne in a
silver bucket and asked Rob to open it and pour us some glasses.
  Rob was even more impressed and asked Josh what he did for a
living. Josh told him he managed money for wealthy clients and was
also on the board of the museum just for amusement and the
opportunity to buy rare crystal he could often double his money
with.
  Rob said, "You are obviously successful at what you do. Maybe
I'll invest some money with you."
  Josh said, "Of course. I accept as little as ten thousand."
  That shut Rob up. I knew he was always complaining he was living
from check to check thanks to the huge payments on his sports car,
the house and now Mom's shopping.
  Dinner was fantastic. The french restaurant was in a former
mansion and was beautiful. There was wine with every course and I
was proud that I looked twenty-one and the waiter filled my glass
without asking for I.D.
  We all got a little tipsy and when Rob told a story waving his
arms for emphasis he spilled Mom's wine glass in her lap. She
shrieked then told me to go to the bathroom to help her clean it.
As we worked on the stain from the red wine she said, "You have to
marry Josh. Do anything he wants to make him love you."
  "What if he wants to make love to me?" 
  "That is no problem. You have been on birth control pills since
you were twelve since you had menstrual problems. Just make sure he
says he loves you before you let him and you say you love him to
make him think that is the only reason you give in. It worked with
Rob and it will work with him."
  We got out most of the stain then went back for another food
course and more wine. Finally at the dessert course Josh said off
handedly, "Incidentally one of my clients who was pleased with his
profit gave me two gift certificates to his resort at Ocean Shores
next weekend. I work seven days a week. Would you like them? They
include meals and drinks. You could take Carla too. A third ticket
is only $250.00."
  I realized how clever he was. He was sure Rob was too cheap to
spend $250.00 on me. Mom said,"That would be wonderful. Rob and I
haven't had a chance to be alone since our honeymoon. Carla will
have to stay home to watch the house. Could you check on her to
make sure she is alright."
  Josh grinned and said he would be glad to do it.
  I realized the club meeting was on that Saturday and I would be
able to stay out as long as I wanted since I had all day Sunday and
sunday night to rest up or maybe heal up if Josh had something
special planned for me.
  When he brought us home Rob asked him in for a drink but Josh
said he had already drank too much considering he and Rob had an
early golf game.
  Mom made us some screwdrivers and suggested we get comfortable in
our nighties but Rob said that he didn't want to get horny since he
wanted to be rested for golf in the morning.
  He said that his converstion with Josh while we were cleaning
Mom's dress revealed that Josh was quite wealthy and would be a
good catch for me. I was relieved that he wasn't jealous  thanks to
his greed in hoping Josh may also make him rich.
  He also said, "Josh and I have a lot in common. He agreed the
feminist movement was bullshit since it was against nature. For
thousands of years Men have taken care of women and in return the
woman pleased her man by being completely agreeable to anything he
might want. He said he would never marry a girl with a mind of her
own and that so far the women he had met had simply pretended to be
docile until they thought he was under their spell when they would
get pushy. He said I was lucky since my girls seemed very nice. He
heartily approved when I said I punished you when you got out of
line but wondered if you hated me afterwards. He seemed happy when
I told him you knew you deserved the punishment and agreed to it
with no argument even Carla who is not my real daughter. I may let
him see me punish you. If I do I don't want you to put up any
argument."
  To my surprise Mom said excitedly, "Oh would you punish me too?
Naked and everything?"
  "No. Not punish. I told Josh you were willing to be spanked or
whipped just to prove you loved me enough to submit. Could you do
that?"
  Mom gulped and said, "It would be terribly embarrassing to get
naked in front of him. Wouldn't you be jealous?"
  "No. I am proud of your beauty and would like him to appreciate
it. To get you used to the idea of being nude I want you both to be
wearing one of your little costumes when we return.
  Mom said "Oh I have an idea for a new one. I'll have it sewed up
by the time you get home."
 He started out the door then stopped to say, "Oh incidentally Josh
said that women should know they have been forgiven after
punishment with great sex. We have been cheating Carla. From now on
she will get sex as I do you."
  The thought evidentally made Mom jealous as she said, "No. It
isn't right for you to have sex with Carla. She is your daughter."
  "Stepdaughter. But if you feel that way possibly Josh could do it
and if he is not here you can provide thrills by eating her pussy."
  Mom looked stricken and said, "I couldn't do that. I guess you
are right. She is just your step-daughter and we don't have to be
worried about her getting pregnant since she has been on birth
control pills since she had trouble with monthlies."
  I was thrilled. I would never have to feel jealous of her again."
  In the morning Mom and I left before Josh got there to shop for
material and to return our dresses to lower the credit card bill.
She found a long leather coat at Goodwill that was cheap and said
it would be perfect.
  When we got home she had me cut it up in two inch wide strips
that she hemmed up then overlapped the strips to sew onto elastic
bands. When she was done she put it on me. The elastic held the
strips above me nipples and just above my pubic bone. Then she had
me walk around in it. It was incredibly sexy. As I moved the strips
would slide on my breasts to give glimpses of my nipples and the
strips at the bottom had separated to show naked areas between the
strips on my round bottom and also opened and closed at each step
to give glimpses of my pussy. As I walked I imagined his excited
stares which made me excited.
  Then Mom said, "You should be totally naked like me."
  She ran off and returned with a dog clippers and shaving soap
with a new razor. 
  She had me lie back on the coffee table and pulled the bottom up
on my stomach then began running the clippers over my pussy. The
vibrations felt great and I said, "Oh that is exciting me." She
grinned and said, "I know. I love it when Rob shaves me."
  She rubbed on the shaving soap which just brought me to a new
level of excitement then pulled my pussy lips to make them smooth
to get every hair. I laid there moaning as excitement built. I am
sure I could have become orgasmic if it had lasted longer. She
finished by wiping my pussy with a washcloth grinning as she said,
"That really turned you on. You are practically dripping."
  "Oh yes. You could shave me every day."
  She helped me up to go look in the mirror. I looked incredibly
naked. I was grateful for the tight slit of my pussy. I had seen
other girls in the shower whose inner lips showed and I thought
they looked ugly. I caressed it marvelling how soft and smooth it
was and that it now seemed more sensitive.
  "Mom confirmed this by saying, "Even the little hair you had
softened the sting of the whip. Now it will be more sensitive."
  That should have frightened me but I just closed my eyes and
imagined the sting and tingling.
  We were ready too soon. It seemed forever waiting for them to
arrive and we made a salad and sandwiches to kill time although
there was a good chance they would eat in the country club
restaurant.
  Mom showed me how we should pose in front of the door when they
arrived with a strip pulled away to reveal a nipple and our legs
open to show glimpses of skin on our pussies.
  Finally we heard a car in the driveway and assumed our poses
waiting nervously.
  The door swung open and we were a hit!  Rob said, "I told you I
had them dress in costumes to entertain me at home but these are
new. What do you think?"
  Josh said, "They are beautiful. I envy you having them so nearly
exposed."
  Mom and I was thrilled by the compliment and I led them to the
couch while she said that she had lunch ready.
  We had decided to serve them at the coffee table rather than the
dining room to give us an excuse to bend way over to let the thongs
fall away from our breasts.
  When Mom leaned over Rob put his hand under her skirt to squeeze
her butt and said to Rob, "I am having them work out to an exercise
tape. They are really firm. Feel them."
  Mom looked at him surprised but he just grinned and nodded so she
went over by Josh to gasp when his hand slid under the thongs. Then
it was my turn and I knew why Mom had gasped. He put his finger
tips into my pussy to pull my lip tight into my thigh and open my
slit to make me gassp and then moan as he slid up his finger to rub
against my clit.
  That started a precedent and from then on whenever we served them
a hand would squeeze either our butts or breasts to keep us
excited.
  We had already eaten so we kneeled on the other side of the
coffee table breathing deeply which let our nipples push the thongs
aside ready to jump up the moment their coffee got low. 
  I brought Josh a fresh cup and was holding it while he felt my
breast but he startled me by pinching my nipple and I spilled some
coffee narrowly missing his leg.
  Rob said, "You know you are punished for clumsiness. Get your
whip."
  I went into our "Punishment room," then remembered I now had two
choices. The thong whip and the new whip made from the end of his
fishing pole were hung side by side.
  I stood there a moment wondering if I had the courage to
withstand bravely the additional pain the pole would bring, then
took the thong whip I was sure would not make me look cowardly.
  I brought it in then knelt to hand it to Rob but he said, "No.
Give it to Josh. It is his pants you nearly ruined."
  I felt a burst of excitement knowing that he would make my
punishment simply exciting and leaned over him to hand him the
whip. He took it in one hand and began stroking my pussy with the
other while I trembled then he had his own surprise.
   He said, "Of course you are right. Since I was the one wronged I
should punish but I don't know how severe it should be. Since you
said Mona would be willing to be whipped just to prove her love
perhaps you may demonstrate on her."
  Rob said, "Good idea. I don't want her badly bruised. Mona go
into the other room and put on the wrist cuffs so I can hang you
up."
  Mom looked really frightened and whimpered, "Remember. I have
done nothing wrong." and then turned to move toward the door but
Josh stopped her by saying, Being hung up will not allow her to
show us she is willing to feel the kiss of the whip. Wouldn't it be
better if she just held a position you liked."
  Rob said, "Yes of course. Mona get on your hands and knees."
  Mom looked even more frightened and whimpered, "I am afraid I am
not brave enough to do that."
  Rob said, "If you aren't I will hang you up to hit twice as hard
so next time you will have the courage."
  She let out a sob and got on her hands and knees. but Rob made
her get up again to face them and said, "You know you have to be
naked for punishments."
  She sobbed again knowing any hope the costume would protect her
was gone. Tears were in her eyes as she slid the bottom down then
pulled the top down too to slide over her bare butt and make the
thongs slide down her slit then stood there awkwardly as Rob and
Josh stared at her until Rob said, "Hands and knees."
  Josh was impressed, "I have to give you credit Rob. Obviously she
is frightened but she is complying without protest."
  Mom was on her hands and knees looking up at them with tears
rolling down her cheeks.
  Rob straddled her shoulders then brought the whip down the curve
of her left buttcheek with the ends digging into her thighs. She
yipped but held the position as a mmatching one came down on the
right cheek that made her eyes open widely then there were two more
in the same places making a loud"Slap!"
  Then Rob went down on his knees to caress her butt cheeks as he
said, "I know you have whipped women before but this is how I like
it. See how the skin is very red but not so bad there will be
bruises?"
  Mom let her back sink down obviously enjoying the caresses as
Josh said, "Yes. her lovely white skin is now a pretty red."
  Mom smiled at him for the compliment but the smile faded when he
continued to say, "Do you just spank their butts?"
  Rob answered, "No. They love that. For punishment you must hit
more sensitive places."
  She moaned "No. Please no." as he straddled her butt and swung
the whip down to have it go under her armpit with the ends jerking
her breast. then backhanded the other side to make her rear up to
show her red boobs until he pushed her head back down and hit them
two more times. She pushed out her arms to let her boobs press into
the rug to protect them as she moaned "Oh no more."
  That just made her butt to go up and make her pussy pooch out the
back and Rob hit it. She rolled over on her back and Rob let the
ends of the whip jerk at her lips wildly.
  He dropped to his knees to caress her tortured boobs and pussy
and said, "It is over honey. Thank me for being so lenient."
  She did! She raised up and kissed him then said, "Thank you for
not hurting me too much... Master."
  Josh was still caressing my pussy which was now wet and said,
"Can you be that brave?"
  "Oh yes! You will be proud of me. You can hit me twice as much."
  I jerked off my costume and knelt on my knees to fold my arms on
my head and suck in my tummy to say, "I am ready Master."
  Mom had pulled Rob's pants down to push him down on the couch and
was sitting on his lap directing his engorged prick into her pussy
as Josh said, "You are a big girl. You don't want a spanking do
you?"
  I moaned "No.." even though I knew it meant the twenty lashes I
had asked for would all be on my front.
  Josh noticed Mom and Rob staring as she gyrated on his lap so to
avoid blocking their view he stepped behind me and I heard the whir
just as a terrific sting and "Whap." jerked my right breast into my
armpit. then my left one before moving to my side to hit them up,
down and across to sting my nipples for ten lashes before saying,
"Open your legs more."
  My boobs seemed to be on fire but I opened my legs and the whip
jerked and stung my hairless pussy to make me yelp "Aoo," but I
managed to keep my legs open and by about the fifth my pussy seemed
to go numb to the pain leaving only excitement and incredibly I
pulled my boobs apart and leaned back push my pussy out more to
watch it jerk and squirm under the whip as if it belonged to
someone else as orgasms made me shudder and moan until the tenth
where he kneeled to lick my pussy while he struggled to get his
pants off. 
  Finally they were down to his knees and I fell back to wrap my
legs around him to pull him into me.
  For the rest of the night it was just glorius sex. Once when
neither Rob or Josh could get hard we laid in a circle with Josh
licking my pussy while I sucked and licked Rob's dick while he
licked Mom's pussy and Mom sucked on Josh.
  We drank strong screwdrivers between sex and we all got pretty
drunk so Josh slept with me. By then nothing could get him hard
again so we just cuddled naked until we fell asleep.
  On Sunday we were all hungover so Josh went home and we just laid
around watching TV or napping all day. Mom and I wore robes as
neither of us was interested in sex. Rob went fishing to relax.
  On monday I had recovered enough to feel really horny and wanted
to see Josh but then I realized I didn't know his phone number or
address.
  School was a bummer because It wasn't much kick to excite the
boys since I was sure they wouldn't be ale to excite me. Just as I
was about to go home wondering what Mom and I could do to excite
Rob. I heard the intercom system tell me to report to the office.
  I went in to see my gym teacher, the coach, and the principal.
The principal said, "Unfortuneately I missed the meeting wednesday.
I thought we could make up for it this afternoon."
  I remembered how much he had hurt me and said, "No I don't want
to. Mom may see the marks."
  My gym teacher said, "There will be no marks. Just great orgasms.
Here have a little drink to relax you."
  She poured some vodka into a paper cup and then splashed in a
little lemon soda. I sipped it wondering if I could trust them but
then they began running their hands over me and removing my clothes
until I got excited enough to stop worrying about it.
  Soon I was naked and lying face up on the principals desk while
the principal and gym teacher caressed me to increase my excitement
while the coach checked the school to make sure everyone was gone.
  I was led naked down the dim hall to the gym and placed under the
big ropes the boys used to climb to race to the top. The principal
got a bench while the coach went to a cabinet. While they were gone
my gym teacher kissed and nibbled on my nipples while her fingers
rubbed my clit until I was panting. The coach lifted me while the
principal and gym teacher used duct tape to bind my wrists to the
rope then I was let down to hang there with my toes brushing the
floor. I looked over at the bleachers and imagined there were
hundreds of people watching as the coach rolled over a bar bell and
pulled my legs apart about four feet to tape my ankles to the ends
to cause a stretch in my inner thighs.
  The principal ran his hands through my crotch letting his middle
finger rub me from my anus up through my slit to my clitoris while
he said, "Perfect. We can get to every inch of her."
  The coach went to a cabinet and brought back a handful of fly
swatters. They each took two and began slapping me with them.
  I know it doesn't sound like much but they did sting deliciously
especially since six of them hit me at once and when they began
concentrating on my nipples, anus, and on my slit so open the inner
lips could be hit I rapidly built excitement to a climax.
  I yelled, "I'm cumming. I'm cumming!"
  The coach pushed his dick into my pussy from behind just long
enough to get it wet then pushed it into my asshole stretching it
so much I thought it may tear as the principal stuck his dick into
my pussy. I was completely filled inside as the gym teacher pushed
her head between us to bite and pull on my nipples with her sharp
teeth.
  All my erogenous zones were being stimulated at once and orgasms
became so strong my body shook as if I had palsy until their dicks
finally softened and slid out of me.
  I hung there panting and soaked in perspiration while they
unwrapped the tape and let me collapse to the floor. I laid there
caressing my body as little aftershocks ran through me while drinks
were poured for everyone.
  I gulped mine down thirstily then the gym teacher said, "It is my
turn."
  They pulled me up on my knees then she slid her head under me
lying on her back and began licking my slit. Surprisingly it just
felt good rather than exciting. The coach and principal began
rubbing their slimy dicks against my cheeks. I took them into my
hands and alternately licked and pulled them into my mouth until
they were hard. The coach spread the gym teacher's legs to slide
into her. She began to buck and lick and suck on my clitoris
frantically as I sucked just as frantically on the principals dick.
Orgasms were quaking my body when he shot his cum down my throat
and pulled back. I held onto his butt and sucked frantically to get
every drop until he yelled, "No more! You are killing me!" He
pulled away my hands to escape and collapsed to a sitting position
on the floor with a dazed look on his face.
  The coach grunted and made a final lunge that slid her tongue
over my ass hole. He got off her and she slid out from under me to
join them  to stare at me pinching and pulling on my clit and
nipples.
  The coach looked at me and said awesomely, "Jesus. You never get
enough. Do you?"
  I moaned, "Oh yes. That was enough I am just letting myself down
gradually."
  That was enough for them too, We went to the shower to wash each
other with big sponges and a lot of soap It felt great but the men
didn't get hard again so we dressed and went home.
  On the way home I realized I had lied. I weould have liked the
sex and pain to continue until I lost consciousness. 
  I stopped at the mail box to get the mail and noticed a letter
from the store where she had bought our dresses. I told Mom about
it but she said, "That is just the credit slip. Don't worry about
it. Get your clothes off. Rob wants us naked when he gets home."
  I took them off knowing all the red was gone after the shower
even the super white area of my hairless crotch.
  We had some time before starting dinner and Mom sat on the couch
and began caressing herself saying, "Oh God I am so horny. I had a
dream last night where dozens of men made love to me. Do you think
that is weird?"
  "Oh no. That sounds very exciting."
  I was tempted to tell her that her dream could come true at the
club but thought better about it. She might have become angry that
I had allowed all those slutty things and it would be best if Josh
would introduce them to the idea. I knew she would love it because
she no longer minded more pain than just the slapping.
  Rob called to say he would be very late since he was going for
dinner and drinks with clients. Mom was devastated but I really
didn't care knowing that even if I was allowed to share him it
wouldn't be very exciting after my experience that afternoon.
  She decided to finish a costume she had made for Rob then had me
try it on. My waist was much smaller than his but my butt held it
up as she demonstrated the flap at the front held up with velcro
that she could just rip open to release his dick. That just made
her more agitated as it reminded her she would not have sex then
she had me try on a custume she had made for us. The bottom was
just a "G string" in leather but she had sewn in a ridge that
pressed into my slit. She tightened the strings to pull it even
harder against me then brought her fingers under it to pull my lips
apart. The ridge rested on my clit to make me gasp and I found just
walking around made it rub against my clit to excite me. Then she
put on my bra which was also leather and only a little bigger than
my nipples. She showed me how she had glued in thumb-tacks she had
dulled and when I walked again the movement of my breasts made the
tacks rub against my nipples to add to the excitement I already
felt from the bottom. I dropped on the couch and rubbed my crotch
and nipples until I had a nice orgasm.
  Mom smiled and said, "It seems to work." and put on hers.
  She walked around pumping her hips and waggling her boobs until
she also fell on the couch to pull the costume away to rub herself
getting more and more agitated until she moaned, "Oh God. It isn't
enough!"
  I said, "I know what you need!" and ran into the kitchen to get
our flyswatter. I began slapping her nipples which were already
hard and she stretched her arms over her head moaning, "Oh yes!"
  I kept slapping her boobs making them redder and redder until she
slid her butt out to the edge of the seat and opened her legs. I
took the hint and began slapping her pussy to make it red as she
took deep breaths and pumped her hips to meet the swatter. She
brought down her hands to pull the lips open to expose her clit and
I hit it. I was amazed. Even I had not experienced that and I knew
it must have hurt bad but she just yipped and closed her legs only
to open them again even wider and pulled her lips to stretch them
against her thighs.  She began yelling, "Harder! Faster!" as her
clit and inner lips became engorged and very red then she let out a
scream and collapsed. 
  She laid there taking deep breaths until she recovered enough to
say, "Oh God! That was unreal! My clit is sending tingles all
through my stomach."
  She asked for a drink and I got her one. By the time she finished
it she had calmed enough to get up and kiss me saying, "Oh thank
you. What made you think of the swatter?"
  I was not about to tell her of my experience so just said, "It
just occurred to me that the little sting of it would help you get
over."
  "Oh it is not a little sting on the clit. It really hurts but
that just seems to make it more exciting. Would you like to try
it?"
  "No I don't think so. It may be too exciting and I won't enjoy
sex as much."
  "Oh God. You may be right. I can't get to orgasm with just my
finger anymore. I am already spoiled. Now I almost wish I had not
returned the dresses so I would be punished."
  She was satisfied and tired so she went to bed. I was not at all
sleepy so I turned on the stereo to dance in the costume until I
was excited then pulled off the costume to lie naked rubbing my
clit but I found like her my finger was not enough and rubbed the
bra on my clit until it was nearly raw before getting to climax.
  I went to bed thinking about what Mom had said. We had progressed
from simple hand spankings to whipping and the increasing pain had
only brought more excitement. I wondered where it would end then
pictured myself stretched and bleeding from stripes of a whip like
the pictures of slaves and shuddered that even that may be
exciting.
  The next day it became obvious I had satisfied the people at
school because my gym teacher simply patted my butt and whispered,
" Thanks for yesterday." and the coach and principal just waved and
smiled.
  The day was uneventful since it wasn't fun anymore to tease the
boys since none of them had the nerve to try to touch me.
  I went home and picked up the mail. Mom's credit card bill was in
it and I opened it out of curiosity. The bill was $240.00 and I
told Mom. She said, "There has to be a mistake. I took back the
dresses and it should only be a little over a hundred."  She looked
at it and saw she had only been credited for my dress. She was
about to call the store when I suggested the letter may explain.
  She ripped it open to read that they would not accept the return
of her dress since it had obviously been worn and was stained. They
said they would hold it for her to pick up.
  She said, "Oh God. He will really hurt me!"
  "What's your problem. Yesterday you were wishing you hadn't
returned the dresses so you could be punished."
  "Yes but he may want to use the new whip. It is awful. I just hit
myself once to see what it would be like and look what it did to
me!"
  She lifted her skirt to show six little purple bruises on her
inner thigh barely missing her pussy. I was amazed. If I had wanted
to test it I would have hit my butt that wasn't so sensitive.
  I said, "Of course it hurt. That spot is even more sensitive than
our breasts. You know that!  Also you know you bruise easily."
  I don't care. It would hurt anywhere. I'll hit you and you can
see."
  "No you won't. I haven't done anything wrong and you know Rob
won't let you hit me unless he is here."
  Oh god! what am I going to do. Maybe if I hid it I could get some
money to at least get it under my limit of two hundred."
  "That won't work. You know he pays bills today and will be
looking for it. You would be better off to confess and say you only
did it to be pretty for him."
  "That may work. I wouldn't have gone over if I hadn't bought you
a dress."
  "No. My dress was credited. Remember? You can't use me for an
excuse."
  She tried other excuses but finally decided my idea was best. 
  I went upstairs hoping she would be whipped so bad she wouldn't
even want sex and I could have Rob to myself. I took off my clothes
and started downstairs and heard him yelling at her. the last part
was "and why are you wearing clothes. You know I want you naked!"
  You could hardly say she was wearing clothes. It was just the
leather bottom with the ridge I knew she was wearing in an attempt
to get excited before punishment.
  She got it off her and had just resumed her penitent kneeling
position when I got to the bottom of the stairs and said, " Hi Rob.
I guess Mama's been a baaad girl."
  He turned to grin at me to say, "Yes but she won't do it again.
Forty dollars over her limit just earned her forty lashes. Go get
the new whip."
  Mom began to cry and whimper, Please no. Not that one!"
He ignored her but in spite of how mean she had been to me I felt
sorry for her and hoped he realized how bad that whip could be. 
  When I returned noting the weights were making the supple pole
bend he was on the phone saying, "Hi Josh. Mona has been a naughty
girl and I am going to try my new whip on her. You have never seen
anything like it. Would you like to come over?"
  There was a pause and then, "Fine. I'll see you about eight."
  He told me to make us some sandwiches. Mom offered to help but he
said, "No you just continue to kneel there and think about what is
going to happen to you."
  We ate our sandwiches while Mom kneeled unmoving except for the
time when he told her to open her legs more. He began teasing her
by saying to me. "Look at how white her skin is. When we are done
she will look like she is wearing a red bikini. Won't that be
pretty."
  I murmured."I guess so." as mom sobbed knowing all the lashes
would be falling on only her crotch, boobs and butt. then whined,
"Please don't use that whip. Look what it did to me."
  She pointed out the bruises on her thigh and I said, "She
couldn't wait to feel it."
  Mom said, "No! I just wanted to see if it was as bad as it looked
and it is! I will be covered with bruises."
  Rob said, "No. Just your breasts, pussy, and butt."
Mom wailed but I didn't feel sorry for her. She could have left him
to go to her mother's to stay if she really was all that
frightened.
  He decided to tease her more and got the whip to drag the weights
over her nipples and through her slit as he said, "Imagine the
sting here. and here." Then he had her lean back and balanced the
whip on the top of her breasts saying, "Don't let it fall. That
would cost you ten more strokes."
  Leaning back that way made her pussy pooch out and I tried to
imagine how it would jerk and quiver when the weights hit it. It
made me shudder and I said, "Rob. You can't hit her very hard.That
whip is really nasty. I am sure she didn't hit hard when she made
the bruise."
  "Oh I am not going to hit her at all. You are. It will give you a
chance to get even for all those spankings she gave you."
  That wasn't really fair. I knew he encouraged the spankings and
it was his idea to have me naked to make them worse but that was
not my main concern.
  "Oh if I hit her she will more than get even with me. She might
kill me!" 
  Mom said nastily. "Keep that in your mind!"
  Rob turned to her and said "Shut up! Carla if she punishes you
when I am not here I'll turn her into hamburger and as long as I am
around she can only hurt you as much as I want you to be hurt."
  That wasn't much consolation since he had watched her hurt me bad
with no protests but I thought I should stay on his good side. I
pressed my breasts into his chest as I kissed him and said, "Thank
you Daddy." I was wishing he was naked so he could get the full
effect but he liked to stay dressed to add to our humiliation of
being naked.
  About that time the doorbell rang and Rob rushed over to answer
it and welcome Josh.
  He came in then went over to Mom to say "So you have been a
naughty girl. Oo that does look like a nasty whip. May I?"
  He picked the whip off her boobs and Mom straightened grateful to
relieve the strain of the bent position. He made the whip twitch to
send the lead balls into her nipple. I knew it couldn't have hurt
since the balls just pushed in her nipple to pop back out again but
she flinched and he did it to the other one to make her flinch
again. He said, "Oh it would hurt to hit your nipples wouldn't it?"
  "Oh yes! You wouldn't hit them would you?"
  "We haven't discussed that yet dear. I may not hit you at all but
if I do I think I would like to hit you here."
  Then he flipped the end into her crotch the lead balls actually
went into her slit then he jerked them up over her clit. She gasped
and her eyes bugged although that shouldn't have hurt either.
  Rob said, "I think we have played with her long enough. How do
you think we should tie her?"
  "Well I know one that would be interesting but how would you like
to be tied Dear?"
  "I don't know. I don't care, just get it over with this is
killing me."
  "Well since she doesn't care let's try a position I think should
be good, for your approval of course, Rob."
  He led her into the punishment room and tied her ankles far
enough apart to nearly get rid of the crease between her crotch and
thighs then tied a rope around her waist to pull her up on her
toes. He then pulled her forward by pulling on a rope around her
wrists then must have planned this position because he pulled some
twine out of his pocket to tie to her hair and then to the rope
running from the ceiling to her waist. When he was finished she was
bent over to make her pussy pooch out and open between her
outstretched legs and her breasts were hanging down and swaying
gently with her head up to face us.
  Josh said, "I like this position. When we are through she can be
fucked in her ass or pussy from the rear and her face in the front.
You would like that wouldn't you dear?"
  Mom said "Oh yes. Why don't you do that rather than whip me. I
could give you pleasure."
  "Unfortunately you would like it too and you are here to be
punished and on that subject you will note that her crotch is open
to be hit from her clitoris to her anus and her breasts can be hit
in all directions. Most men like to see breasts react violently to
the lash and hers will move nicely. See?"
  At that he slapped the side and top of her breast to make it jump
and continue to sway as she moaned and twisted.
  "Rob said, "I thought I would let Carla whip her. It should be
interesting to see a naked girl whip another naked girl. Both of
their breasts will be moving."
  "Oh I agree but I think we should pick each area to be hit with
each lash and Mona should count to make sure we are not cheating
her. Mom realized this could take a lot of time and she cried, "No!
Please no. Just give me forty fast and get it over with!" 
  I loved the idea because she would not be able to blame me since
I would just be doing what I was told to do.
Josh answered, "No dear. You don't want one area to be hit too
much."
  Mom and I knew that wasn't true. If one area was hit enough the
nerves would go numb to make it bearable but she was past arguing
and let her weight sink the rope into her waist and just blubbered.
  Rob said, "We can take turns picking a spot. As my guest you may
go first."
  "Alright. Lets start easy. put the weight on her left butt
cheek."
  I actually cheated. I brought the thin rod across her right
buttcheek to make the weight hit the left. She gave out an agonized
"Aowww." I didn't think I had hit hard but there was a red line
across her right buttcheek and a red blotch from the weights on her
left. I realized she must have really hit herself easy because I
made one blotch while she had left six little bruises.
  Josh caressed the red line and blotch and said, "Your home-made
whip is marvelous. The thin but strong nylon shaft makes a nice
stripe while the weights are pure genius."
  Rob said, "Thanks. Let's match her up with one to the other
side."
  Josh led me to the other side obviously wanting the stripe as
well as the blotch and said, "Carla wait for her to say 'Two' she
may want to brace herself."
  I knew it would be bad to know exactly where the weights would
land and even worse to have to ask for it by counting.
  I saw her butt cheeks tense and then she moaned "Two" I didn't
hit as hard on that one and Mom just flinched and moaned but the
men weren't happy with the pink line and individual spots from the
balls. They debated over whether or not it should count and finally
agreed it would but Rob said yo me, "If the rest aren't as hard as
the first you will get six on your nipples."
  Mom moaned as I said, "Don't worry. The rest will be as hard or
harder."
  The time taken in debate had let Mom recover and she looked at me
hatefully and said, "You are enjoying this you bitch. You will get
your turn!"
  Josh ignored her and said, "The outside of her left breast. See
if you can make it slap the right."
  I stepped to her front and Mom looked at me defiantly and said,
"Three, Bitch!"
  I hit her breast with just the weights but it jumped violently to
slap against her other one then they kept swinging as she fought
the ropes and blubbered.
  They loved that and had me hit the other one then I went to the
back to hit each pussy lip to make Mom scream then we started over
with her butt except in a white place. and then they had me hit her
breasts at the cleavage to jerk them apart. Mom just gasped and
jerked at the ropes.
  When I went to the back to hit her pussy something totally weird
happened. When I hit her pussy the second time right at the edge of
her slit juices spattered from her pussy. In spite of the terrible
pain this was exciting her! This was confirmed as it went on
because her cries just became gasps and moans and she began pumping
her hips.
  I could hardly believe her. They kept having me hit her only on
her breasts and pussy towards the last and there were no longer any
white areas it had to hurt terribly but she only gasped and pumped
her hips and tightened her pussy muscles which squeezed out juices.
Finally we were at thirty eight. When Josh said right nipple she
made no protest and immediately said thirty eight then only made a
deep moan as the weights drove her nipple deep into her breast. She
said thirty nine even before Rob could tell me to hit her other
nipple but I knew where it should go  and buried that nipple only
to hear her moan "Yesss."
  When Josh said, "Clitoris"  she let her back sag to push out her
pussy even more then sighed "Forty."
  The weights went clear inside her slit with the end ones hitting
her clit to bring a loud scream then a series of yips as Josh
jammed his dick into her sopping wet pussy and jerked at her hips
to drive her poor maroon butt into his thighs until Rob untied her
hands to let him stick his dick in her mouth. Rather than hold on
to his hips she grabbed her red nipples to pinch and pull at them
savagely while he fucked her face by jerking her into him by her
hair.
  I felt weak from the fantastic scene and sat on the floor staring
at them until they came and untied her to lay her on her side on
the rug. Josh must have known how bad it may be because he pulled a
large tube of salve out of his pocket saying, "This will kill the
pain in moments."  He squeezed a big glob out in my hand and Robs 
and we began caressing it on her boobs, pussy and butt. She
obviously enjoyed the caresses and in only two or three minutes
said, "Oh it is all better now. I am only throbbing and that seems
nice."
  I was completely in awe of her. Her boobs and pussy had swollen
until the skin was tight and were a dark maroon that I knew would
be just one big bruise but she was smiling.
  I said, "God Mom. You are awesome That had to hurt horribly but
you became excited!"
  She said still a little dazed, "Yes I don't understand why. It
hurt terribly at first but as it went on until the pain made me
wish I could faint the pain began to lessen then turned to an
exciting stimulation that made me want more until I began having
orgasms and then when you hit my clit my whole body seemed to
explode in the most fantastic orgasm ever. Josh fucking me  while I
sucked Rob just kept them coming on a smaller scale. I came when
Rob first whipped me but that was different. The stings were light
that brought on excitement right at the first like foreplay but I
didn't get a powerful orgasm until he fucked me. This time the
fucking just seemed to let me down easy."
  Josh said, "I can explain it. Athletes experience the same thing.
The body will only accept so much pain then the brain triggers
endomorphins and adrenalin  to kill the pain and bring on a high.
Runners call it 'The runners High' and it is the only reason they
can take the pain of marathons. Since your pain was to erogenous
zones the high became orgasms."
  Mom said, "Oh that frightens me. Does that mean that from now on
I will only get orgasms from suffering?" 
I said, "Oh me too. I have learned to love the pain but I am afraid
I may be hurt really bad."
  Josh said, "No you will still get orgams but it may take longer
and they will be different. Let's experiment. You deserve a treat.
Roll on your back and Carla can lick your clit. Only women know the
best way to perform cunnilingus since they know exactly what feels
best."
  I said, "Oh that is kind of sick to lick my own mother." but when
she rolled over and spread her legs  I knelt between them to pull
her lips apart and let my tongue flutter on her clit until she was
squirming and moaning.
  That excited Josh  and he went behind me to hold on to my hips to
drive his glorious dick deep inside me. I was close to orgasm and
licking frantically when Rob straddled us and began lightly hitting
the sides of my breasts with the weight just enough for a little
sting and to make my boobs jump. The extra stimulation got me over
just as Josh softened inside me and Mom moaned, "Oh enough."
  It wasn't enough for me and I raised up to take Robs dick in my
mouth to suck him even after he came and it began to soften. He
moaned and pulled it out of my mouth saying, "God. You have drained
me."
Josh said "Me too. I think I am ready to go home but I want to
leave you with something to think about. I think Carla would make
an ideal wife and you would be make a great mother and father in
law. After a suitable engagement I would like to marry her."
  I said excitedly, "I'll marry you. I love you!"
  Mom said, "We'll have to think about it. She is only sixteen and
has another year of high school. I certainly want her to graduate."
  "Yes of course. Even if we marry I want her to graduate as well
but I need your permission since she is under eighteen so I'll let
you think about it."
  He started toward the door and I went with him even following him
out to his car even though I was naked I hugged and kissed him and
said, "Don't worry they'll let me marry you. They like you and I
love you."
  "You should think about something too. Have you ever been hurt as
much as Your mother just suffered. Enough to make your brain cancel
the pain?"
  "No I guess not. She never spanked me long enough but I don't
need it. I love the pain you and Rob have given me."
  Well before I marry you I must know you will obey no matter how
bad the pain is and I may have you fuck or suck someone you think
is repulsive. Do you think you can submit to that?"
  "Oh it frightens me but I will do it for you. At least I know now
that if it is too terrible it can be cancelled."  
  "Good. Although I will allow other men to fuck you I never want
you to do it unless I am there and approve. As far as pain is
concerned You will find out Saturday. Think of the worst things
that could happen to you and call me if you wish to change your
mind."
  I knew I wouldn't and waved to him as he backed out bathing me in
the bright lights of his car and didn't even care when a car went
by and honked with a man in the passenger seat who whistled at me.
  I slept in and had to rush to get ready for school. Rob had
already left and when I came downstairs Mom was staring at herself
in the mirror and smiling. She turned when she heard me and just as
I expected her boobs and pussy were blue with bruises. She didn't
mind! She said, "Look at me. The bruises prove it really hurt but I
was able to withstand it. Don't you think I was fantastically
courageous."
  I said, "Oh yes. You were really brave. Everyone was proud of
you." I wasn't mean enough to remind her that she had been tied and
had no choice. I told her I was late and rushed out the door.
  At school the gym teacher asked me if I would like to stay after
school but I told her the meeting was day after tomorrow and I
wanted to save myself for it since Josh had told me I would be a
feature attraction. She said, "Oh he must be planning something
special. I'll be there!"
  When I got home Mom was already packing. She said Rob had found
out that if they arrived at the motel after midnight they wouldn't
have to pay an extra day so they planned to leave Friday to stop in
Seattle to shop in the sex stores to see if they had something
interesting. I said I would go up and get undressed but she said,
"You can wear clothes. Rob said there would be no sex tonight so he
could be rested to make love to me at the beach day and night."
  It was really boring with everyone clothed. Rob didn't even
bother to look at me. I had really changed. A short time ago it
embarrassed me to be naked now I hated not being naked and told
them I was going to my room so I could at least get naked and
caress myself. I thought about what Josh had said and tried to
imagine myself being tortured but the worst thing I could think of
was being cut by a whip like the slave and I was sure they wouldn't
go that far. I realized I didn't really know much about S & M
except what had happened to me. I decided to skip school to go to
the college library which was the biggest to do some research.
  It was a disappointment. Most of the things were in the
Psychiatric department which were boring since even the case
histories were really minimal and the text treated it as some sort
of aberration not even mentioning the orgasms possible. I moved on
to tortures but they just sounded horrendous and the object was
never to bring on sex. I decided that nothing he or the other
people could do would be unbearable since I knew they couldn't cut
or burn me since that may mean I would have to see a doctor.
  I decided to do some shopping to kill time since I was supposed
to be at school. In one store I noticed some bored men stting in
chairs across from the dressing rooms waiting for their wives. Just
for kicks I picked up some panties and bras and accidentally on
purpose left the drapes at the door open about six inches. I
watched them out of the corner of my eye as I slowly took off my
clothes then faced them naked to hold one panty after another over
my crotch acting if I was just seeing how they would look. Even
though my head was down I looked up to see the men had bulges in
their pants and when I finally put on the tiniest pair and smoothed
it over my pussy with my hand one man put his coat over his lap.
Just as I bent over to slide them off making my shoulders waggle to
make my breasts sway a salesgirl ruined our fun by sliding my drape
closed. I couldn't open it again without being obvious so I dressed
and put the panties back on the counter telling the sales girl that
they were not what I had in mind.
  My strip had made me excited so I decided to call Josh to see if
he could meet me but he said he had meetings until late that night
and added, "Besides,I want to save myself for tomorrow. I plan to
fuck you until you beg for mercy."
  Begging for mercy reminded me of the tortures and I said, "I
won't be cut or burned Saturday will I?"
  "Of course not. You are too beautiful to scar. There are other
women at the club who are already scarred if I decide I want to go
to extremes."
  It worried me that he would be interested in "Extremes" but I put
it out of my mind knowing it would not happen to me.
  Then I went to another store and saw the security guard that was
at the club. I went over to him and said, "Do you remember me?"
  "Hell yes. How could I forget. You were great at the club."
  "No I mean when I was about ten and you made me take off my
clothes."
  "Oh yeah. You have changed a lot though. Your boobs were still
small and you were really bashful. You were blushing so much you
looked as if you had been whipped. There weren't that many girls
dumb enough to strip. I even remember I thought you had taken some
earrings you were fondling. Do you still like earrings? I have some
that didn't sell. I'll give them to you if you come down and strip
again for me. It would be like the first time."
  I didn't give a damn about the earrings but stripping for him
would be even more exciting than my peepshow. I remembered he had a
huge penis and thought he may want to fuck me. I wasn't worried
about saving myself for tomorrow. I thought women were really
lucky. Men could only cum two or three times but we could do it
until we simply got too tired.
  I said, "You couldn't tell anyone and shouldn't touch me. I am
engaged now. My boyfriend might get mad if he heard about it."
  It suddenly dawned on me that I didn't really love Josh because
if I did I would want to be loyal to him. I just wanted him for sex
and so did he.
  He said, "Hell I won't tell anyone. I could get in trouble too. I
put a new lock on the door. No-one can barge in on us."
  He led me downstairs and through the basement store room filled
with boxes to a small office in the back corner."
  He locked the door then sat down behind a big desk and said,
"Anytime you are ready."
  I removed my clothes slowly to make it last for both of us. I was
proud I was exciting him so much he was stroking his pants over a
huge lump even before my panties were off.
  I finished by sliding off my panties then stood in front of him
with my hands behind my back and my legs open sucking in my tummy
so much the muscles were trembling."
  He reached into a drawer and slid three boxes over to my side of
the desk. I opened them to see they were huge medallions bigger and
thicker than a silver dollar either gold or silver plated. I took
out a gold pair and screwed the clamp on my earlobe but when I let
it loose it was so heavy my earlobe stretched. I took it off to lay
it back on his desk saying, "No wonder they didn't sell. They are
way too heavy. In a little while my ears would ache."
  He said, "That isn't the only place to wear them."
  He picked up the earring then stepped in front of me and began
screwing it on my nipple. The pressure increased until it hurt and
I gasped, "Oh it is hurting me."
  He smiled and said, Yeah. That's what makes it good."
  He tightened it a little more then dropped it. It stretched my
hurting nipple to make me gasp then he began screwing on the other
one. 
  I was whimpering from the pain by the time he was satisfied it
wouldn't fall off then he stepped behind me and put his hands under
my boobs to lift and bounce them. The earrings jerked and stretched
my pinched nipples to make the pain radiate all through my breasts
and I began to take little sharp breaths and shudder.
  He said, "If you like this you'll love the rest."
  He dropped to his knees and began screwing them on my pussy lips.
That really excited me and I was panting when he turned me to face
a mirror. The medallions were pulling my nipples down and
stretching them and the weight on my pussy lips  when I swayed my
hips made my slit open and close.
  Then he put a hand down to lift and drop the ones on my pussy
while he batted the ones on my nipples with his finger until I
moaned, "Oh God. I am going to cum!"
  He stuck his finger in my pussy and said, "Yeah you are ready for
my big schlong."
  He pushed down on my neck to make me put my hands on his desk
then just unzipped his pants to cause a tremendous stretch as his
dick burrowed into my tight slit. He began lunging and all the
medallions jumped and bit to help me have one orgasm after another
until he finally got soft and let his dick slide out of me. I felt
stunned as he turned me around then grabbed the medallions on my
nipple to pull me down to my knees as he said, "Clean up Mr. Joytoy
so I can put him away."
  I licked and sucked him frantically hoping it would get hard
again while he lifted and separated my breasts by pulling on the
medallions while I used the hand not on his dick to jerk on the
medallions pinching my pussy.
  That kept my orgasms going and his dick started to lengthen. I
was disappointed when he dropped the medallions and stepped back to
tuck in his dick and zip his pants. I moaned, "You can fuck me
again. I'll get it hard again."
  "Naw. It takes me awhile to recover and they will miss me. Do you
want me to help you take them off."
  "No. I am going to wear them home."
  I just slipped on my sweater and skirt and walked to the bus
stop. On every step my thighs moved the medallions  and I let my
heels hit hard to let the ones on my nipples jerk. 
  Walking up the steps to the bus made the pussy ones lift and drop
to make me even more excited. I sat on the edge of the seat so they
could hang and every chuckhole the bus hit made me gasp. People
began to look at me strangely and finally an old lady said, "Are
you alright, Dear?"
  I realized she must have noticed the agonized look on my face and
said I was fine then self-consciously slid back on the seat. Now
the medallions rested on the seat and I clutched my book bag to my
chest so none of them moved and I calmed down.
  The walk from the bus stop to my house excited me again and I
planned to beg Rob to fuck me even if Mom would have me whipped but
they had alredy gone.
  I took off my clothes then exercised to the tape in front of a
mirror to see my nipples and pubes jerking until I got so excited I
flopped on the floor and used my fingers to get me off.
  When I took them off there was sharp pain as the blood returned
but it soon went away after some caresses.
  I laid there idly caressing myself for awhile then thought I had
better do some housework to get my mind off sex or I might actually
wear myself out before tomorrow. There really wasn't much to do. I
washed the dishes they had left and did some dusting then made
myself a sandwich. It was only four oclock so I had hours to kill
before it would be time to go to bed. I decided to exercise and put
in the tape then thought it might be more fun to do them outside in
the warm sun. I put on the short-shorts Mom had made me and pulled
them up to tuck the seam into my slit and show the bottom part of
my butt then put on one of the elastic tops that barely reached to
the bottom of my boobs. I took my boombox out in the backyard which
Rob had fenced to stop the nosy retired neighbor lady from
constantly watching our house. I turned on some loud music and
began doing aerobics. Just as I was doing the sidestraddle hop that
was making my boobs jump and be exposed everytime I lifted my arms
wondering what that would feel like with the earrings on me I
looked up and saw a neighbor boy about twelve years old looking at
me from his upstairs bedroom. That made it more exciting and I
danced until I was all sweaty then sat on the blanket I had brought
out and then laid back to stretch my arms back knowing that would
pull the top up above my nipples. To my surprise he stared at me
for a moment then ran off. I knew his folks didn't get home from
work until about six-thirty and that wouldn't be why he had left so
I assumed he had left to masturbate. I decided to give him a real
show if he came back and took off the top and shorts and laid back
on the blanket with my pussy facing his window. The sun really felt
nice and I relaxed and may have gone asleep except I heard a
sliding sound and looked at his house to see another window had
opened and now four boys were looking at me. I felt proud I had
excited him enough to call his friends and got up to do some more
aerobics. I put on a good show for them but after awhile it became
boring since they couldn't touch or fuck me so I picked up my stuff
and walked back into the house.
  I realized I would be the talk of his class but it didn't bother
me since I would seem innocent because of the fence and supposedly
hidden.
  A little while later the doorbell rang. I put on a robe and
answered it. The four boys were on the stoop! The neighbor boy
said, "Hi. I'm Tim, your neighbor. We saw you dancing naked and
want to see some more.If you don't do it we will show our pictures
around and everyone will know you are a slut."  He showed me a
polaroid picture of me leaning over to touch my toes. My legs were
open and my slightly open slit was pooching out obscenely. His
threat was ridiculous. All I had to do would threaten to call the
police for peeping at me in my private back yard but I acted
frightened and said, "Oh God. My parents would kill me. I'll do
anything you ask if you will give me the pictures."
  "Good. You can earn them one at a time. For that one take off the
robe and dance for us." 
  He had evidentally shot a whole roll. When they were seated on
the couch he put a stack of pictures on the coffee table. I walked
to the stereo and started the music then danced back to them slowly
letting the robe open and then slide off my arms onto the floor.
Tim said, "Come closer." I went clear up to the coffee table in
front of them to shake my boobs and pump my hips. I smiled at their
excitement as they rubbed the crotches of their jeans. Then Tim
said, "You can have another picture if we can touch you." 
  I moved the table out of the way and knelt at the center of the
couch so close my thighs were touching the legs of the boys in the
middle and reached back to hold onto the table. That was much more
exciting as their hands roved over me and they finally got the
nerve to pull on my nipples and push their fingers into my pussy.
They didn't seem to have the nerve to ask for anything else so I
said, "Would I get more pictures if I made love to all of you?"
  "One of his fiends said excitedly, "Shit yes. That would be worth
two!"
  Ted frowned at him but gave me two then they odd-manned to see
who would be first. I had to grin as the winner bashfully turned
his back to me to take off his clothes. by that time I had laid on
my back with my legs open and he practically dived on me to stick
his cute little dick into me to pump furiously until he came in
just a few moments. The next kid was ready and he was just the same
and the third. Only Ted took his time but even he had not brought
me to orgasm. They had no imagination to ask for a different
position and were really quick but fortunately they recovered fast
and by the time Ted came the first was hard again. When he got on
Ted and another kid began squeezing my breasts and pinching my
nipples to get me more excited and by the time Ted had another turn
I had managed a small but pleasant orgasm.
  They were really pleased and knelt beside me to stroke my body
and give sweet kisses to my nipples then one boy said, "My big
brother said his girlfriend had licked and sucked on his cock.
Would you do that."
  "Oh I don't know. That sounds gross but if one of you put your
dick in me from behind and two of you played with my breasts it may
get my mind off it."
  They quickly agreed and gave me two more pictures. Amazingly the
boy who had suggested it was already hard and Ted said "I get to
fuck her first."
  They took turns with a boy leaving my breasts to be sucked. They
were really different than men they all were able to cum twice more
once in my mouth and another in my pussy.
  They were evidentally satisfied completely or had run out of
ideas because they just laid beside me stroking me and fondling
their soft dicks but there were still four more pictures on the
coffee table and I thought I would see if they could get excited
one more time. 
  I said with a phoney sob, "I feel so guilty about this. I should
be whipped like a naughty child."
  Ted's friend said, "Oh God that would be great! I got to give me
girl cousin a birthday spanking. It was really exciting to see her
squirming as her butt turned red."
  Ted said doubtfully, "You wouldn't let us do that would you? It
would hurt."
  I said, "I guess I deserve to be hurt. If you gave me the rest of
the pictures you could use your belts all over...Even my front."
  They all jumped up to run to their pants to pull out their belts
and came back with the pictures.
  I said, "Ooo the belts will sting. Maybe you should use you 
t-shirts to tie my hands to the chandelier so I won't try to get
away."
  They loved that idea and one of them clambered up on the
footstool to tie me while I stretched my arms up as high as I
could.
  They stood there a moment staring at my stretched body in awe
then one of them said, "How many spanks should we give her?" Ted
said, "Gee I don't know. It would take quite a few to cover her
back and front."
  I said, I am sixteen. Why don't you give me a birthday whipping?"
  I said "Whipping" on purpose to get them away from thinking
spanking which would just be on my butt.
  One boy said increduously, "You mean sixteen for each of us?"
  "I guess so. Isn't that the way birthday spankings work?"
  He said excitedly, "Yeah! Should we odd man to see who is first?"
  "I said, "Oh that will make it last too long. Why don't you all
hit me at once."
  They loved that and formed a circle around me to slap me with
their belts then move on to hit a new place. At first they just hit
lightly to make a little sting on my butt, thighs and stomach but
it was still exciting. When my only reaction was faster breathing
they became braver and hit harder but even then I just made little
gasps as excitement rose higher. Finally Ted got brave enough to
hit my boobs. When I just moaned without protesting they all got
braver and began concentrating on my boobs and pussy until orgasms
began. No-one was counting and I think they may have gone on
forever but then the tip of a belt slipped into my slit to hit my
clit at the same time another stung my nipple and I screamed as a
powerful orgasm ran through me.
  Ted looked alarmed and said loudly, "That's enough! We really
hurt her."
  They untied me. I was so weak from the orgasm I sunk to my knnes.
They began kissing me and apologizing for hitting so hard. They
were so concerned their dicks were soft so they dressed and left.
Ted gave me one more kiss then said,"I'll be watching for you."
  I said, "Maybe." He smiled knowing I wasn't mad at them and left.
I heard his friends yelling in excitement when the door opened.
  I just knelt there until all the aftershocks were gone and I was
breathing normally then I suddenly remembered Josh was picking me
up the next day and would be mad if I was bruised. I jumped up to
look in the mirror and saw that I was just red like a sunburn on my
butt, thighs, pussy, stomach and breasts. I felt hot so I took a
shower to cool off and wash all the cum that had leaked down my
thighs.
  Then I went down to get the pictures and took them to bed with
me. I looked great! As good as the girls in calendars and was so
proud I pasted them into my photo album before I went to sleep.
  The experience must have exhausted me more than I thought. Even
though I went to bed early I still slept until ten. I got up to
inspect my body carefully in the mirror and was relieved to see it
was back to normal. I was tempted to go out in the backyard naked
to show Ted I was alright but I was afraid he would come over and I
knew if he wanted to whip me again I might let him.
  It suddenly dawned on me that I didn't know when Josh would pick
me up or what I should wear. I called him and he said he would pick
me up about one since there was a barbecue before the meeting. He
suggested I wear my leather thong costume with a rain coat over it
until we got to the party. 
  I spent the rest of the time showering and getting my make-up
perfect then put on the costume to arrange the thongs to let me
nipples peep out between them and the bottom to let my slit show
when I walked. I practised poses and walking with an exaggerated
sway of my hips to keep the thongs moving 
  Josh finally arrived and I ran to him to kiss and hug him. He
slid his hands under the thongs to rub my butt and pull me into
him. He was just wearing shorts and a t-shirt and I could feel his
dick pressing into me. I sighed and said, "Oh that feels nice."
"Well it may not feel so nice later.You are going to prove how
brave and obedient you are by volunteering to suffer. You won't be
tied. Do you think you can do that?"
  I remembered that no matter how bad it was it always ended with
orgasms and said, "Oh I am sure I can. You will be proud of me."
  "Just remember that if you don't obey you will be tied and your
ordeal will be much worse. Now put on your raincoat and get your
whip."
  I slipped it on and ran in to the room to get the thonged whip
but he said, "No. Get the other one."
  "Oh no. Please? It will bruise me and my parents will see them."
  "That's alright. I told Rob that when they returned you would
agree to anything and your mother suggested I use the new whip
since you had enjoyed hitting her with it."
  "Oh no! It wasn't my fault. You told me to use it."
  "Yes but you liked doing it and the thong whip just excites you.
It won't be a true test unless it really hurts."
  I got it reluctantly then put it on the floor of the car on the
way there because just holding it reminded me that it would soon be
making me sob as it had Mom.
  We parked the car among many others then he led me around to the
back of the house. There was the same group except now my
principal, Mr. Walters was there. The women wore costumes as brief
as mine or string bikinis while the men wore shorts. I saw a man in
leather shorts with a flap Like the ones she made for Rob and
wondered if she had copied the idea.
  It seemed strange. People were milling around and talking with
drinks in their hands as if it was a church picnic or something.
No-one seemed particularly excited and the women giggled as they
spashed around in the pool. I didn't feel that way at all. I was
holding tightly to Josh's arm and facing later with a combination
of dread and excitement.
  After a little while he pulled my hands off his arm and said, "Go
mingle with the other guests. If they want to fondle you, let them
but don't fuck or suck anyone without my permission."
  I got myself a drink and began to greet everyone. I didn't have
to introduce myself since most of them had seen me at the last
meeting. Almost everyone lifted my skirt or top to fondle me but it
fightened me more than exciting me because they would say whatever
they fondled would soon be red or shuddering under the whip. Then
one girl said, "Oh you are so white. It will make a wonderful
contrast with the maroon your tits and pussy will become. Josh has
bragged about how brave you are. You had better be. If you are
cowardly they will do terrible things to you. I know. I begged for
mercy and this is what they did to me." She unsnapped her bra and
panties to let them fall off and I saw skinny lines of white scars
on her breasts and pussy. 
  I said, "Oh God. What did they do to you?"
  "They whipped me with little steel cables until blood was running
down my stomach and legs and I passed out. But I deserved it. I had
been warned to be brave and had only been whipped with a thong whip
when I begged. Now thong whips seem pleasant because they don't
cut. Cuts hurt for a long time."
  I shuddered and left her to go to another girl whos said, "Hi. I
remember your great boobs. Let's see them."
  She pulled down my top to hang around my waist and began pinching
and pulling on my nipples until they hardened from the
stimulation.Then she said, "You have perfect little pink nipples.
They will love making them bob. Don't make the mistake I did. When
it began hurting real bad I put my hands over them and wouldn't let
go. They got mad and tied me to that tree over there and for the
rest of the night whenever they wanted to put out their cigarette
they pushed them into my nipples. Mine aren't cute anymore." She
pulled down her top and her nipples were terribly scarred even past
them to make white wrinkles as big as a silver dollar. I shuddered
and said, "God! How could you stand it?"
  "I couldn't really. I kept fainting but when I came to they would
do it again."
  "Oh that is terrible. You should have had them arrested."
  She laughed and said, "Are you kidding? The chief of police, the
sheriff and the prosecuting attorny are all members. If I had
complained I would have been killed. I saw a girl who had just
threatened to complain be whipped with barbed wire until she died."
  "Why are you here? Why don't you run away?"
  "I didn't get a chance for awhile since my master kept me in
chains and then I found as long as I was completely submissive I
wasn't hurt any more than it took to bring on great orgasms. I
often beg to be whipped now. It is really exciting to have a lot of
people staring and yelling while you are whipped isn't it?"
  "Yes I fantasized about it before it finally happened but I don't
want to be scarred. I am really proud of my body."
  "You won't be if you don't give them a reason. Just remember
never to disobey a command. As bad as it may seem it can be much
worse."
  I left her really shaken. Everyone started filling plates but
food did not appeal to me at all. I looked around for Josh hoping
he may ask me to do anything so I could prove I would obey and then
to my horror saw him talking to Gus, the security guard. If he told
Josh about the earrings I might be killed. Josh could just tell my
folks that I had run away and the police would concoct some story
to confirm it.
  When Josh moved on I went to Gus and said, "You didn't tell Josh
about the earrings did you?"
  "No. He seems to love you and is jealous. He said this may be the
last time he lets anyone fuck you. But you will still suck or fuck
me because if you don't I will tell him how anxious you were to
strip to have me put the rings on your nipples and pussy. My
address is in the phone book. Wednesday is my day off. I will
expect you to be there at nine am. Wear the earrings. All of them."
  I didn't bother to argue. The thought of him telling Josh
terrified me. I just said "I guess I have to." and left him.
  I didn't want to talk to any more women afraid I may hear more
terrible stories so I walked over to the man in the leather shorts
with two othe men to ask him where he got them. He said that his
wife had bought them at a sex shop in Seattle and that she liked to
pull them open with her teeth to suck his dick. Then he said, "Your
costume is sexy but I would like you better naked."
  He pulled down my bottom to let it fall to the floor and then the
top to leave me standing there naked and blushing then all three of
them began to fondle me. I quickly became excited and it was
confirmed when one of the men with two of his fingers in my pussy
grinned and embarrassed me by saying, "The little slut is really
getting wet!"
  The man in the shorts pinched my nipples and pulled them up to
force me onto my toes to try to relieve the pain. He said, "You
have made me hard. Pull open my shorts and suck my dick."
  I whimpered through gritted teeth, "I can't unless Josh says I
should."
  He yelled at Josh and when he came over he said, "Your little
bitch refused to suck my dick!"
  Josh said, "Yes I want to save her for the meeting. You will get
your chance."
  He led me away stopping me when I reached down for my costume by
saying, "Leave it. I want to show you to a client."
  He led me over to a man about sixty years old standing with a
pretty girl a little older than me. He introduced me and the man
said, "She is pretty but a little plain. You should get her some
jewelry. This is my grand-daughter Pam. I adopted her when her
parents were killed. Pam show them your pretty jewelry,"
  She reached back to unsnap her top to let it fall gasping as
chains that had been tucked into it fell and jerked at two huge
gold rings pierced through her nipples. She smiled as I lifted the
chain and tugged gently at a ring to see if it was just pinching
her or had actually been put into holes. The hole became oval
shaped to prove it went all the way through as she gasped at the
stretch to her nipple.
  I said in shock, "Oh God that must have hurt. It hurt me just to
have my ears pierced."
  She said, "Oh yes. He whipped my nipples with a riding crop for a
long time to make them numb but the nails still made me cry."
  The man said, "I am so proud of her. She held her breasts over a
wood block to let me hammer in the nails."
  I gasped, "Oh you must ne incredibly brave."
  She said, "It helps to know that he will more than make up for
the pain later with this."
  She began rubbing his crotch and incredibly the head of his dick
appeared at the waistband and then continued to grow until it had
gone past his belly button. It must have been nearly a foot long
and as thick as my wrist. I looked at it in awe and said, "Oh God.
Will all of it fit inside you?"
  "Oh yes. I stretch for it. I can feel it all the way to my
stomach."
  He said, "Enough. I want to save it for later. Some other women
want to experience it too."
  She whimpered, "Oh that makes me so jealous."
  He ignored her then said, "The rings are fun to play with. See?"
  He took the chains in his hands then pulled her breasts out to
the sides so far they became cone shaped then slapped them together
to make a loud "Slap." He kept doing it while she held her hands
behind her and began panting until she begged, "Oh please fuck me."
  He just dropped the chains to make them jerk at her nipples and
said, "Later. You know I decide when you can have sex."
  He led her away by the chains and I said, "Oh that is kind of
sick to do that to his own grand-daughter."
  "Not really. She loves it and he needs someone young to get that
huge dick hard. He takes very good care of her."
  He led me over to others encouraging them to fondle me by saying,
"See how nice and firm she is."
  I became very excited and said tremously, "Oh I neeed you."
  He just smiled and said the sun is going down and you will have
all the sex you can stand. I am going to tell them that this is
their last chance to do anything they want to you with no arguement
from you. To prove I mean it and your bravery you will stand with
your hands on your head while I whip you into extreme excitement."
  That meant he would not be hurting me terribly which only made me
more excited and I suddenly remembered my whip was still on the
floor of his car.
  "I said excitedly. We forgot my whip. Should I get it?"
  "No. That will only be used if you object to anything. I will
just use the thonged whip."
  That really relieved me. I could think of nothing I would object
to and my excitement rose as I imagined the stings of that
wonderful whip."
  People began wandering into the house and we followed them.when
everyone was inside Josh led me up on the stage.
  He said, "As most of you kow I have become engaged to my
beautiful slave, Carla. I think I may become very possesive for
awhile so to make up for it tonight she is all yours. She will do
anything you ask no matter how humiliating, repulsive. or painful.
I only ask that she not be scarred. I want to keep her pristine
unless she deserves harsh punishment. Just to warm her up she will
stand quietly with her hands on her head while I redden her body
from her armpits to her thighs."
  He put me in position sideways to them so they could see both the
whip landing and my reaction.
  He started on my back at my shoulder blades. It didn't hurt
terribly but it was not very exciting either since it was so far
from an erogenous zone. The audience loved my flinches when it hit
that made my boobies jump. He finally got to my butt and thighs and
excitement rose as he continued on my front starting on my thighs
and finally one across both nipples that brought me to that
terrible,wonderful feeling just before orgasm. I strained to push
out my breasts for the next I know would push me over the edge into
orgasm as people cheered.
  He dropped the whip! I whined, "Oh no! Don't stop now. I am
almost there!"
  I needn't have worried. The crowd cheered and then two men
grabbed me to hug me between them and stick their dicks into my
pussy and anus at the same time. I began having orgasms then they
came and two more men replaced them and then two more as I went
into powerful orgasms that seemed to drain me.
  That evidentally satisfied the horniest men because they let me
lie on the floor panting and moaning as little aftershocks made me
body pulse until I finally calmed down.
  Then a woman said, "We know you can get orgasms from the whip and
fucking. Let's see you do it with masturbation."
  That was humiliating but the humiliation just made it more
exciting so I used the middle finger of my right hand to rub my
clit as I squeezed my breasts and nipples with my left just as I
did in my bed but the woman didn't like my method. She told me to
use two fingers of each hand to pull my lips widely apart so they
could see inside and rub and squeeze my clit with my thumbs. 
  She said, "Ooo. Your pussy is really flexible. Move your hands
out of the way."
  I put them on my breasts and she slid all four of her fingers
into my pussy using her thumb on my clit as I panted and squeezed
and pulled on my boobs. She folded her thumb into her palm and
forced her whole hand inside me. I would never have guessed that
would be possible. My lips were stretched tight but then there was
a stretching inside when she made a fist. She began pumping her
fist into me so deep I felt her bracelet then pulled it out to the
knuckles to put me into near orgasm. Just as I was in that terrible
moment just before the release of climax she pulled out her fist
and said, "You do it!" 
  I did! I beat my fist inside with my thumb beating on my clit
until I had an orgasm so strong I collapsed to the floor nearly
fainting.
  They just watched me lying there squirming for awhile then
someone gave me a drink. I drank it down greedily and someone
handed me another.I drank it more slowly then my body felt
innervated which was explained when the man had given me the drink
said, "I put enough speed into that drink to keep her hopping all
night."
  Another man said, "She has had enough fun. It is our turn."
  He pulled me up on my knees and stuck his dick in my face for a
blow job but it wasn't really. He just grabbed my hair to jerk me
forward and back to fuck my face and then humiliated me by pulling
out his dick when he came to splash it on my nose and cheeks. then
there was another man and then women until their juices was running
down my face and dripping on my breasts. It seemed endless I don't
know how many used me before they let me fall over on my side and
gave me another drink.
  Then a woman said, "She is a mess. Lets clean her up."
  They took me outside and lifted me up to tie my wrists to a soft
rope hanging from a tree limb. Suddenly freezing water hit me from
a hose and nozzle. My toes barely reached the ground but I used
them as best I could to try to dodge the stream that was indenting
my body. 
  They laughed at me! Someone said, "That really makes her dance!"
and another said, "Yeah look what that high prssure does to her
tits and pussy."
  My poor boobs were being compressed and pushed in all directions
and the lips of my pussy were flapping like a flag in a windstorm
but the worse thing was the cold. They finally got bored and turned
off the water to watch me hanging there shivering as if I was
having a fit.
  Someone said, "The poor baby is cold. Let's warm her up."
  They began jerking switches off the willow tree I was hanging on
then fought for position so as many of them as possible could hit
me at once. My cold skin seemed to make it worse and it was all I
could do to keep myself from begging them to stop. The switches and
my struggles to dodge did warm me though. In fact my body became
soaked in perspiration as stings hit me everywhere and alway on my
breasts and crotch. Incredibly the pain lessened and I went into
orgasm.
  They took me down  and led me back inside. I passed a mirror to
see I was covered with red stripes. My gym teacher, Miss Sador
said, "Oh there are still a lot of white places. We need to even
her up."
  I whimpered but didn't protest knowing if I did they might want
to use a wire whip or even burn me.
  They decided to combine sex with pain. While I was on my knees
sucking a man others hit my back butt and thighs with anything they
had from riding quirts to paddles and my back began to burn as well
as sting. Someone said her back is red enough and a woman came up
to pull back my head by my hair to put my nose in her rectum and my
mouth over her pussy. I reached up to hold her waist as I licked
frantically to get her off as soon as possible before I smothered
while stings began all over my front. Then there was another woman
and another until even the speed couldn't keep me from getting weak
and my hands slid down her legs until I was lying on my back
feeling my boobs and pussy twisted around by their whips.
  Josh must have been watching because I heard him say, "She has
earned a break."
  Two men carried me to a couch to lie on and then someone gave me
a drink. Women began caressing my red front with their soft hands.
It felt wonderful and I smiled as the pain went away. I felt lips
and tongue on my pussy and lifted my leg over the back of the couch
to give her full access. I think I amazed everyone. After all I had
been through I began to moan "Yes oh yes. as her tongue licking and
fluttering on my tender clit that had felt whips brought me to
orgasm.
  Miss Sador licked and sucked on my nipples then said, "I think
she has nearly proven herself. I suggest one more test then we let
her go to sleep. Would you like that Carla?"
  "Oh yes. I am really tired."
  "You are very courageous. Only the cold water made you scream. I
may make you scream again. Do you agree to the test. It will just
be twenty lashes."
  I thought my ordeal would be over in just minutes and quickly
agreed saying, "Yes. I will do it for Josh. I want him to be proud
of my courage."
  "Good. I will get you into position." She pulled me up so my head
was hanging over the armrest and my boobs were pushed up then put a
pillow under my butt and pulled my left leg over to the coffee
table and lifted my right over the back of the couch to make my
slit open.
  She said, "Put your hands around the base of your boobs and
squeeze them. You may scream if you like but after each lash you
are to say, 'Another.' Do you understand?"
  "Yes... mistress."
  She picked up a riding quirt and brought the leather thong at the
end down hard on my left nipple. It hurt terribly and I
convulsively squeezed my breast and screamed then whimpered until
she said, "Well?"
  I moaned, "Another" and she caused just as much pain to my left
nipple but I was able to whimper, "Another." without being
prompted.
  The quirt came over my belly button to slap the end right on my
exposed clit. The pain was unreal and I twisted to my side moaning
but when she said, "Well?" I rolled back on my back and whimpered,
"Another."  She hit my left nipple again but it had become a little
numb so it wasn't as bad and I was able to say "Another." with only
a small delay. She followed that same pattern but I guess I must
have reached the point Mom had because it became exciting. I began
to yell, "Another." faster and faster and when all of the last four
hit my clit I had an orgasm so strong I fainted.
  I don't remember going home. I didn't wake up until the next
morning with Josh lying naked next to me. My nipples and pussy were
throbbing so I got up to look at them in the mirror. My nipples
were nearly black and when I spread the lips of my pussy the inner
lips and my clit was black too. The inner lips had swollen enough
to force them through my slit. I gently touched them happy that
there was only the throbbing which didn't seem unpleasant.
  I went back to bed and pulled off the covers to lick and suck on
his soft penis. It woke up before he did. By the time he opened his
eyes wide and said, "What!' his dick was so hard it was throbbing.
  I straddled him to gently slide his dick past my engorged lips
and said, "Are you proud of me. I did it for you. I would have even
done more if I hadn't become so exhausted."
  "Yes. I am very proud of you and love you very much. I will make
it up to you and we will marry on your summer vacation."
  I kissed him and said, "I love you too." then began slowly
twisting my hips and raising and lowering my body. 
  He said, "That feels wonderful. Your pussy is so tight it feels
like a wet hand is squeezing me."
  "That is because it is swollen. Sometime you can make it swell up
again."
  "Oh no. You have proven yourself. Now I only want to please you."
  He tried. He took me to a store and bought me a new tiny bikini
swimsuit and then we went to a lake to swim. It was pretty and nice
but the only thing I liked is when he would point out men or boys
who were staring at me hungrily. After a couple of hours I got
bored and suggested we go home so we could make love.
  At home I jerked off the bikini wondering if he had thought of
something new and thrilling to do to me but he just kissed me all
over even licking my pussy then fucked me. It was pleasant but not
exciting enough to let me have an orgasm.
  When he came he gave me a deep kiss then said, "See I can be nice
when you are good."
  I said, "You don't understand. I don't want you to be nice.
Thousands of men would be nice to me. I want to be your slave. Wait
here. I'll put on a slave costume."
  I ran upstairs and screwed the medallions on to my nipples and
pussy lips as tight as I could stand and trotted down the stairs
thrilled at the way they jerked at me.
  He loved them saying, "God that is wild. Where did you get them."
  I lied and told him I had found them at a thrift store and had
tried them on to find they were too heavy for my ears but would be
thrilling tugging at my nipples.
  He was fascinated and lifted them to let them drop. He saw my
grimace and said, "Do they hurt?"
  "Yes they are supposed to so I can prove I will suffer for you. I
will dance for you."
  I turned on the stereo to a rock and roll station with a fast
song. I danced the whole song shaking my breasts and pumping my
hips to make the medallions rip at me until I was near orgasm then
went to him and said, "Now fuck me."
  His crotch rubbing the medallions pressed them into me and pulled
at the lips while he pulled on the ones at the nipples until I was
squealing in ecstasy.
  I came at least three times before he came and kissed me saying,
"I have created a monster. You don't enjoy just straight sex any
more do you?"
  I kissed him and said, "I guess you have spoiled me. I had no
idea I could become so thrilled."
  He grinned and said, "I have my work cut out for me. I am going
to have to get creative to come up with new methods to thrill you."
  Oh yes. I will be excited just imagining what you may do to me.
You won't hurt me teribly will you?"
  "No but I will bring you up to all you can stand. Now get
dressed. I am hungry and crave chinese food."
  I wanted to leave the choice of my clothing to him to emphasize
my slave stus and asked him what I should wear. I was thrilled when
he told me to put on my shortest skirt and a half-shirt with no
underclothes so he could fondle me if he felt like it. At the last
moment he said, "Don't wear anything you can see through because
you will be in public."
  I ran up to dress and chose a wool skirt Mom had hemmed up and
had cut off the waist to make it into a hi-hugger and that was
loose enough to pull up easily and then a wool sweater that went
just below my boobs with the sleeves cut off and a vee neck to show
cleavage. It was a great choice. As soon as I walked I felt the
rough wool tickling my nipples and sliding on my bare butt but I
worried a little about what he had said. All the terrible things
that had been done to me had not been more than I could stand."
  When I got into his car he told me to pull up my skirt so my bare
butt was on the leather seat. It really felt sensual and of course
that caused the front of the skirt to barely cover my crotch to
make it easy for him to get his hand underneath the skirt. It was a
nice day so he put down the top and told me to put my arms on the
top of the back rest. That raised the sweater so I could feel a
breeze on the bottom part of my boobs. Just before we left he told
me to open my legs and that is the way we drove to town. It was
thrilling! My nipples rubbed on the sweater at the slightest bump
as my ass warmed the seat to make the leather feel like skin. In a
litlle while my arms began to ache and that made me think of Christ
being crucified. I closed my eyes and imagined myself naked on a
cross with people yelling at me and throwing rocks at me. I
stretched my arms further back to increase the illusion which
raised the sweater over my nipples. I was suddenely brought back to
reality when a horn honked beside me and I opened my eyes to see a
truck driver beside us grinning at me. I was embarrassed and
brought down my arms to cover my boobs.
  Josh grinned and said, "You really like to show off. Don't you?"
  I told him about my fantasy and that I had brought back my arms
to increase the illusion rather than expose myself.
  He said, "My God. Does something that extreme excite you?"
  "Well in a different way. I feel guilty for all the things I have
done and that occured to me as atonement."
  "You don't have to feel guilty. You have done those things to
please me."
  "Yes that is true but I feel guilty because it thrills me so much
I might do it even if you didn't request it. I am a little worried.
I seem to be thrilled by much more pain than I ever imagined. Will
you take care of me so I don't have to go to a doctor?"
  "Yes. You are lovely and I don't want you scarred but you may be
surprised at how much pain can be given without causing permanent
damage."
  That relieved me and on the way home I pulled his hand into my
crotch to rub it as I imagined myself in dungeons being stretched
on a rack like a picture I had seen in the library. I was really
wet when we pulled into the driveway and was disappointed to see
Rob's car in the driveway.
  They thanked him for the weekend saying the food was wonderful
and the weather and beach was great but had eventually become bored
since they didn't have enough privacy for Mom to scream which may
have brought help.
  Mom said, "The high point is when we found a nude beach but even
that became boring since I was only one of dozens of naked women
and nobody paid a lot of attention to me. The men didn't even have
erections so we decided to come home."
  Then she said, "Oh we stopped at a sex shop and bought some
things. I'll get them."
  She ran out to the car and brought in some bags. She began taking
things out showing us a vibrator to demonstrate it had three
speeds, and some clamps with small chains to put on nipples or
pussy but they had weak springs and flat ends I knew wouldn't hurt.
She brought out tiny panties and bras but what caught my attention
was magazines with girls on the cover hanging from chains or
straddling chains that were pulled up so far into their pussies
there was a wrinkle by the pubic bone. I browsed through them
imagining my self in the girl's positions then gave it to Josh
saying it may give him ideas.
  Mom said, "There are ads in the back for people like us. Even
clubs. Maybe we should contact them. there is a story in there
where a girl went to a club where a lot of people fondled her and
fucked her and even whipped her. It sounded awful exciting. Even
Rob is interested since he would get to see other women like me and
Carla."
  Josh said, "That could be dangerous. You could find a crazy man
or couple. I know a girl who answered one of those ads and no-one
has seen her since."
  Mom was unconvinced, "Maybe it excited her so much she didn't
want to come back."
  It doesn't matter. There is a club right here in town. I didn't
plan to tell you until I was sure you were both ready but it
appears you are.
  Mom said excitedly, "Oh just the thought is making me wet. When
can we go?"
  "I want you to be sure. Carla can tell you the initiation may be
more humiliating and painful than you want. She can tell you about
it and if you still want to go the next meeting is Saturday
evening. I am going home now. Call me if you are sure you can be a
slave."
  After he left Rob made drinks and told us to get naked since it
had been a long time since he had seen me. He sat on the couch and
she kneeled between his legs and I told them about my experiences
at the club. Mom demanded every little detail. Even though I told
her some of the things hurt terribly and that it was humiliating to
have to suck men or women whether they were appealing or not she
just got more excited. Rob seemed impressed by that saying, "You
mean I can have any woman I want suck me?"
  "Oh yes. Even more. You can have one suck you while another licks
your balls and asshole while you whip a third girl's breasts. I saw
that happen."
  Mom began rubbing her pussy as she said, "God it would really be
humiliating for a woman to suck you while you whipped my breasts. I
would really be a slave."
  Just remembering made me excited too and I said, "I can give you
an example of what happened to me. I had to kneel and then lean
back to hold onto a woman's hips to lick her pussy while people
whipped my front. Would you like to get your whip and try it?"
  "Oh yes. We could only have straight sex since the walls were so
thin. I couldn't get to orgasm."
  She ran into the bedroom and must have had to make a decision
because she was in there awhile obviously looking at the thonged
whip and Rob's homemade one that I had hung up grateful that Josh
had never used it. I was sure she would choose the thonged whip
since she had no idea how many lashes she would have to take.
  She brought out the rod with weights! She said excitedly, "I
decided that to be sure Rob should use this whip. Surely they don't
have anything worse."
  I knew what that would do to her since I planned to make her take
them until I came so I was honest and said, "You don't have to use
that one. They only use thong whips, straps, paddles or quirts,
None are that bad."
  "Good. If I can take this their whips will just excite me. They
will think I am really courageous."
  That bothered me. I was thought of as being very courageous. She
may upstage me. I hoped she would be hurt so bad she may change her
mind.
  I said, You had better do a good job licking me because Rob will
whip you until I cum."
  She just moaned and nodded her head then knelt with her back to
me and slid her face between my legs.I planned to think of other
things even do math problems in my head but I couldn't. It was just
too exciting to feel her tongue licking my clit and pushed into me
as the weights dug into her breasts to bury her nipples and her
pussy was ripped open. In just a few monents I was panting then
screamed, "I'm cumming." Mom screamed into my pussy, "Me too!"
  She was exhausted and fell to the floor.
  Rob said, "Come here and suck my dick!"
  I stepped over her body and began licking it. I felt this terible
pain on my buttcheek that made me scream. Rob said, "Shut up. I
will quit when I cum."
  I began sucking him frantically and pushed my finger in and out
of his asshole choking when a lash made me lurch forward to jam his
dick down my throat. Just as my ass started getting numb he began
hitting the sides of my hanging breasts to make them jump. Just as
they sarted getting numb the rod went into the crack of my butt to
let the weights curl up into my pussy. It was terrible but I had a
fantastic orgasm just as his semen shot down my throat. I was dazed
and fell back to sit on my tender butt feeling every fibre of the
rug and gently caressed my red pussy.
  Rob got up to get us drinks and when he returned Mom and I were
hugging each other and whimpering. Rob gave us the drinks that we
gulped then he left to bring back the salve. We laid back and he
gently rubbed it on our boobs and pussy. The miracle salve worked
and I rolled over on my stomach so he could put it on my ass.
  He said, "I can hardly believe you girls could take that without
being tied. The club people will really be impressed."
  He took our glasses to refill them and Mom said, "Is he right?
Will I be able to impress them with my courage?"
  "God yes. You will get hit more but nothing as bad as this was. I
am impressed too. At least some of mine just went to my butt which
isn't so sensitive. You took all yours on your breasts and pussy.
They are terribly red and we will both be bruised. I caressed her
boobs and found that they had swollen until the skin was tight and
when I touched her pussy it had swollen too to make a tight line at
her slit. 
  I said, "God your boobs have swollen until you look like you had
an implant. Look at them."
  She jumped up to look in the mirror and said, "God. You are
right. There is no sag at all!"
  Rob handed me a drink and I said, "You will love her pussy
tonight. It will be super tight."
  Mom said, "Take me to bed. I want to feel that and then be able
to go to sleep."
  I was a little jealous of her but knew that he wouldn't be able
to take care of both of us so I went to my bedroom to feel my
bruises. I felt proud of myself for not trying to protect myself
with my hands or arms and realized I had not lied to her. The
things that they had done to me at the club was not nearly as bad.
  I slept so soundly I had to rush to get to school. Mom and Rob
were still in bed so I yelled at him to wake-up or he would be late
to work. He just growled, "Leave me alone. I told them I wouldn't
be back until tuesday."
Him saying, "Tuesday" reminded me of my date with Gus. I agonized
all day over whether or not I should go. I thought that maybe if I
told Josh first he may not be so mad but then I realised I would
have to tell him every detail because he would be sure to confirm
everything with Gus. There just wasn't any way I could excuse my
slutty behavior. I knew I could have simply refused when Gus asked
me to strip for him and that Josh would know I expected to have
other things progress from that even though I knew Josh had told me
that I shouldn't do anything unless he was with me. Also he would
know I had lied about where I got the medallions. On the other hand
just by going to Gus would let him know his threat had worked and I
would have to do anything he wanted. But then I remembered that I
was already bruised by Rob so if Gus decided to hurt me I would
have an excuse for the marks. I decided I had no choice and began
thinking of myself as a victim who wouldn't have to feel guilty
over anything he may want. That led to fantasies about what he may
do. I had never been to his house and began to imagine that he may
have a "Rack" to stretch me on and gobs of exotic things to make me
suffer culminating with his huge dick stretching my insides.
  By the time I got home I was so excited I had not only decided I
would go but was even looking forward to it with the excuse that I
deserved anything he may do to make up for being disloyal to Josh.
  When I went in Mom was naked and crawling around on her hands and
knees being led by Rob with little chains going to clamps on her
nipples.
  She looked up at me and said excitedly, "Rob is showing me some
things that might be done to me. Call Josh and let him know we want
to go to the meeting."
  I called him saying, "Mom and Rob definitely want to go to the
meeting. Rob whipped us with the fishing rod last night. It hurt
awful. We are both bruised and know there is nothing worse they can
do to us." 
  He said he would be over about six oclock.
  Rob had me undress then put clamps on my nipples to lead us
around on the outside of his legs like two big dogs. It didn't hurt
and was more humiliating than exciting but then he pulled up on the
chains to bring us up on our knees to whimper as our nipples lifted
our boobs. He turned us to face each other then began swinging the
fly rod back and forth to hit our belly buttons. It really hurt and
wasn't exciting like hitting our boobs and pussies. I grabbed Moms
shoulders and mashed her into me to protect my stinging navel.
  He hit our butts a few time to make us grind our breasts and
pussies together then said, "There will probably be some woman to
woman things. Let's see you sixty-nine."
  I didn't know what he was talking about but Mom did. She pushed
me over on my back then went to my head to drag her cleavage over
my face and slide her clamps over my boobs to stick her tongue in
my pussy then press her pussy into my lips. She began licking and
it felt so good I licked her too until we got to orgasm.
  Mom just rolled off me giggling but I felt guilty. It couldn't be
right for a mother and daughter to do that and worse for me to
enjoy it.
  Rob was happy with us and brought us drinks then had us sit on
each side of him on the couch so he could slide his palms on our
pussies and let his middle fingers slide into the slit. Mom giggled
and pushed up her pussy but I just felt more quilty. It wasn't
right that she would let her husband do things to me then I
convinced myself his first advances had been suggested by her. I
began to hate her for making me so twisted I no longer had anything
in common with other girls my age and hoped she would be terribly
tortured by the club. As I thought of the things she had caused me
to bear I suddenly realised that I had been a willing partner
knowing I would eventually have orgasms which made me hate myself
as well.
  Josh came and Rob had us kneel with our hands by our shoulders
like begging dogs then answered the door.
  He came in and said to Rob, "I see you have been training our
little slaves. Did they resist anything?"
  "No. they know better."
  Josh came over to pull Mom to her feet by the chains to her
nipples ignoring me.
  He said, "Tomorrow night you will obey all commands without
protesting even though you may know it will cause pain. Can you do
that without embarrassing us by being cowardly?"
  "Oh yes sir. I will make you proud of me."
  "We'll see." he slid the belt out of his pants and let the end
swing back and forth. Mom's eyes followed it as she began to
tremble with excitement.
  He said, "I am going to spank your breasts with this. At each
lash I want you to say 'Harder.' Can you do that?"
  She moaned "Oh yes." but I knew the little dress belt would
hardly hurt her at all and the thought had made her pussy glisten
with her juices.
  I didn't want her to like it and said, "That is no test. It will
just excite her. Make her get the rod."
  She gave me a dirty look but turned to go get it before Josh had
agreed and came back with her eyes looking wild.
  He had her clasp her hands behind her back and told her not to
let go of them then hit her lightly on the outside of her left
breast which just made a pink blotch from the weights.
  She just made a little gasp then said, "Harder." He hit her right
breast at the cleavage this time hard enough to make it jump and
leave a red blotch. She again just gasped and said, "Harder".
  he hit her left nipple to drive it deep into her breast. She
moaned "Ooow" and had to wait a second where I saw her hands had
turned white from squeezing so hard to resist protecting herself.
She gained my respect when she moaned, "Oh that hurts so much!
Harder!"
  He hit her right nipple at least as hard but she just screamed
"Harder!"
  He fooled her by bring the rod up from the floor to sink the
weights out of sight into her slit to make her juices spatter but
she just pushed out her hips and screamed, "Harder!!"
  He just smiled and said, "You will do nicely." Then he dropped
his pants and stuck his dick in her pussy and began to pump as she
brought her hands around to jerk on his buttcheeks so wet they were
making squishy sounds. Rob evidentally did not want to be left out
and went behind her to stick his dick in her ass.
  I remained kneeling feeling jealous. She had only taken five
lashes and was being overly rewarded for it.
  When they came they sat on the floor and Rob told me to get them
drinks. I brought out a tray of drinks including one for me and
knelt again. She had spread her legs to rest them on the mens
thighs and had a blissful smile on her face as they kneaded her
pussy. Josh said, "You are very courageous. Now I know where your
daughter inherited it." She said, "Oh thank you. I could have taken
more." and kissed him.
  That made me even more jealous and I said, "Would you like to
test me? I could take more."
  Josh said, "That isn't necessary. I know you are brave and I have
to leave. I am catching the red eye to San Francisco but I will be
back Saturday morning in plenty of time for the meeting."
  He pulled up his pants and slid the belt back in the loops then
just gave me a quick kiss and left. I felt cheated and it got
worse.
  Rob began rubbing my pussy but she said, "Leave her alone. I am
the one that earned pleasure. Let's go to bed."
  He said, "Sorry kid." evidentally knowing how frustrated I was
and followed her into the bedroom."
  I went to bed and masturbated for a long time but I could only
get a little excited. I began to get mad at Josh. I knew they
called his flight the "Red eye" because it left late. Even
considering the time it would take for him to get hard, his
packing, and the hour ride to the airport he still could have taken
the time to at least fuck me. I decided I deserved all the pleasure
I may get from Gus. I also knew I had a whole week to heal and
hoped he would let me prove how courageous I could be.
  I went to sleep so early I was up at seven and went down naked to
eat some cereal and toast. Naturally Mom and Rob were still asleep.
  When I finished I got the phonebook and looked up Gus's address.
It was only about ten blocks towards town from us so I decided to
walk.
  I still had time to kill so I showered and put on some lipstick
then went to my room to pose in front of my mirror. I was very
proud of myself. The exercise, fucking and whipping had seemed to
make my waist even smaller and my boobs bigger. I confirmed this by
putting on one of my old cotton bras and was pleased that my
breasts bulged out of the cups. When I put the bra back in my
drawer I noticed something shiny and remembered the medallions I
had put in there. I decided I might as well let Gus know I expected
to be hurt so I screwed them on just tight enough to cause a little
pain then slipped on a loose sweater and pleated skirt so anyone I
met on the sidewalk wouldn't notice their movement.
  I walked down the sidewalk enjoying the little tugs on my nipples
and pussy until I got excited enough to want more and began to jog.
That made the tugs much stronger until I had to slow again afraid I
would get so excited I wouldn't be able to resist tugging on them
with my hands to make a spectacle of myself among the increasing
traffic.
  I watched the house numbers as I got closer becoming more excited
fantasizing over his huge dick when I came to a block with just one
little house in the midst of a bunch of rubble and a sign saying,
"Future Home of Galaxy Shopping Center" I checked the address again
on my slip of paper and the number was right so I walked over the
rubble feeling huge tugs when I would slip off a rock or brick.
  I knocked on the door and Gus opened it grinning at me. I said,
"Oh I am glad it is you. I was afraid I might have the wrong
address."
  "Yeah it is a mess isn't it. They want me to leave but my lease
gives me ninety days to move and I plan to use it up. At least
until they make a decent offer to get me out of here. I like the
privacy it gives me."
  He fondled my breasts smiling when he felt the medallions. Then
led me down a hall to the living room. When I went in I saw a state
patrolman sitting in a chair drinking beer. I was shocked and said,
"Oh I didn't know you had company. Should I leave?"
  "Hell he isn't company. He's my buddy, Joe. I told him all about
you. He woke me up he was so anxious to meet you."
  He put me in the middle of the room and said, "Take off the
clothes baby. He doesn't believe you are as pretty as I told him."
  I took of my sweater and made my boobs wiggle to swing the
medallions then slid off the skirt with it's elastic waistband to
drag on my pussy medallions. I stood at attention with my tummy in,
my boobs pushed out, and my legs open enough to show the lips being
pulled by the medallions.
  "Joe said, "Jesus! She is fanfuckingtastically beautiful. The
medallions make her look like a Vegas showgirl."
  Gus turned on a stereo to a song with a hard beat and said, "It
gets better. Dance for us."
 I danced making the medallios jerk at my nipples and swung my hips
to make my pussy lips snap open and closed smiling as Joe jumped up
and pulled off his boots then the rest of the uniform. It was a
long song and by the time it was finished I was sweaty and really
excited. He was naked by then and his dick was hard and sticking up
to nose at his navel. 
  He said "Come here baby." when I went to him he picked me up by
my waist to hold me over his dick and said. "Stick it in." I pushed
the head into my slit and he slowly let me down on it to let me
feel my insides move to accomodate it. He grabbed my nipple
medallions to pull me up and down as the medallions at my pussy
pushed into me to bring excitement to a peak just as Gus pulled my
head to the side to put his dick in my mouth. I was having orgasms
long before he flooded my mouth and I felt Joe's dick softening.
They had been so excited by my dance I began thinking it would just
be a morning of sex. I was a little disappointed. They were old,
almost forty and I was sure they would only be able to get hard a
few times.
  We were sweaty and panting so Gus got us three cold beers and
pulled me over to the couch where I sat between them. They fondled
me and I fondled them noticing they weren't getting hard to confirm
my idea that it would be a short morning.
  Gus started unscrewing my medallions saying they would get in the
way then said, Joe and I were talking before you came. He said that
when he was a teenager he and a friend met a girl so horny she
would do anything at all to get them excited. He said he had cum
four times in one day. I bet him you could get him that excited
again."
  Joe said, "No way. That was a long time ago. when just seeing a
skirt blow up in the wind would get me hard."
  Gus laughed and said, "You will be surprised. Carla will do
things that girl never thought of."
  Joe said doubtfully, "I doubt it. That girl even let us hit her
naked body with switches until she was striped like a tiger."
  Gus laughed and said, "That can be a starting point. Come with
me. Since the house is being torn down I did some remodeling."
  I knew then that I would have to do more than just dance for them
or suck them but I wasn't frightened until we went into the room.
He had ripped out the ceiling to expose the boards which had ropes
hanging from them ominously and a bench with a winch at the top
Like the "Rack" I had seen at the library. Hanging on a wall were
various whips, paddles, and switches. 
  I whimpered and reflexively covered my breasts and pussy with me
hands.
  Joe said, "She isn't going to be able to do it. She is covering
up just at the thought."
  Gus said, "Sure she can. We will start her easy. Carla go pick
out a couple of paddles so we can give you a little spanking."
  I went over to the wall and picked out a couple of ping pong
paddles that looked the easiest and brought them back to say, "You
can spank me with these until you are hard."
  They had me bend over to rest my head on my arms on the bench
then Gus said, "Joe. You are left handed so you take the right
cheek.I bet I can get mine redder."
  The started spanking me and it was worse than I thought. They
really stung and my ass began to burn. I bent my knees to bring my
butt down hoping if it was not so tight it might not hurt as bad
but Gus just grabbed my pussy to pull me up again then hit harder.
They cheated too by continuing to hit me long after they were hard
and my butt began to get numb.
  Joe came around to my front and pulled my arms up to his waist
saying, "I want to try that sweet mouth." I let it slide past my
lips then Gus gave me one more really hard spank to make me lurch
forward to drive it down my throat. I felt his huge dick forcing
its way into my pussy. Just his thighs hitting my tender ass as he
lunged hurt but that just increased my excitement to give me
orgasms.
  When they came Gus said, "God I need a beer." Joe said "Me too"
and I asked if I could have one.
  We went back to the living room where they sat on the couch. I
knelt in front of them and sipped my beer with one hand while I
caressed my burning butt with the other.
  Gus grinned and said, "Your butt must be a little tender."
  "Oh it burns. You really hit hard."
  "Yeah but it excited you. Your pussy was sopping wet when I stuck
in my dick."
  I couldn't deny that but now my butt just hurt and I said, "Do
you have any salve to stop the burning?"
  "Naw but I know something that will help." 
  He got up and left to come back with a wet towel. I laid on my
belly and he draped it over my ass. It felt better instantly and I
raised up on my elbows to sip my beer looking at their soft dicks.
Joes had retreated until only the head was sticking out and Gus's
was nearly as soft. It frightened me because I was sure they would
have to do something terrible to me to get hard again. Then I
realized I had asked for this. If I had been honest enough to
confess to Josh I wouldn't be here and deserved the worse thing
they may want.
  My butt felt better and I got up to look at it in the mirror. It
was amazing! The red was already fading and I realized I wouldn't
be bruised. I had been sure it would be black.
  I looked at them staring at me as I carressed my butt and was
glad to see their dicks had lengthened a little. Maybe they
wouldn't be so hard to excite after all.
  I went back to them to kneel again sucking in my tummy and
pushing out my tits.
  Joe pleased me by saying, "God those are great tits. Look at
them. They are so firm there is no sag at all in spite of their
size."
  Gus said, "They will still dance under a whip. Are you ready to
move on?"
  "Naw. Let's have another beer while we think of something else to
do to her. She was really brave to keep her butt up for the
spanking."
  Gus got the beers. I decided to make a suggestion to avoid having
them come up with something horrendous.
  I said, "I can prove how brave I am. You could hit me with the
whips with the long leather boot strings while I stood at attention
with my hands on my head out of the way."
  Joe was fascinted saying excitedly, "Christ! Could you do that.
We had to tie the girl for the switches."
  "Yes. You will be amazed at how brave I can be."
  Gus said, "Those whips don't really hurt that bad but whatever
turns you on. We have to get you up twice more to win my bet."
  I grabbed their hands and led them into the other room where I
got into position with my tummy in tight and my boobs out. I
followed Gus's order to open my legs.
  Joe stared at me awestruck as Gus got the whips and handed him
one. They began circling around me hitting me all over even my
breasts and pussy but Gus was right. The whips just caused a sting
that sent sensations through my body and just reddened my skin. I
didn't care that they were cheating by continuing to hit me after
they were hard since I was approaching orgasm. Gus stopped behind
me to swing the whip up between my legs to let the ends snap
against my clit while Joe began swinging his whip back and forth
across my tits to make them sting, jump, and shudder as orgasms
began coursing through my body.  
  I jumped on Joe wrapping my legs around his to make him fall back
on the floor. that left me straddling him and I quickly guided his
dick into my pussy. I began to slide forward and back but then Gus
pushed me forward to jam his dick into my anus. My insides were
incredibly full and moving as their dicks collided to continue my
orgasms until they sighed and pulled their soft dicks out of me to
lie on the floor panting.
  I recovered before they did so I got three beers And kneeled in
front of them to sip on it. They crawled over to the wall to rest
their backs on it and drank whil watching me but their dick's
stayed soft and it became boring so I got up to look around.
  I went over to the wall of whips. It was obvious I had chose the
only whips that would not do damage. For paddles he had a
fraternity paddle an inch thick and four inches wide that would
definitely bruise and what looked like a cut down boat oar with a
handle about four feet long I was sure could lift me off my feet.
For whips there was one made of steel cable with a metal ball on
the end I knew would go deep into my body to leave terrible
bruises, a quirt changed by riveting a medallion to the thong at
the end to make it heavy, and finally a stiff, thin, leather whip
with a round bell at the end. I lifted it from it's hook to flip it
to make the bell ring.
  I asked Gus, "Where did you ever find this? It is strange,"
  I took it off Santa's sleigh at the store after christmas. Try
it."
  It was too long so I let my hand slide about half-way down then
opened my legs to slap it against my inner thigh.
  It really stung! I rubbed the red spot and went over to them to
say, "Oh it really stings and look what it did to me."
  When I moved my hand they could see the big blotch with little
polkadots of white with red edges."
  "Joe said, "Yeah I guess that would be really bad."
  "Yes. All of them are bad."
  I began to walk back to put it back on the wall when I came close
to the bench. I said, "What is this?"
  Gus said, "It is my own invention. The wide strap goes around
your waist to hold you in position then the winch at the top
tightens your arms while the winches on the wall pull you into the
splits. You can be fucked in your pussy or ass and your head will
hang over the edge to let a dick slide down your throat."
  "Yes but it would also hold me completely helpless for you to
whip me wouldn't it?"
  "Yeah. That's the chance you take. Maybe just seeing you so
helpless might get us hard."
  There was that possibility. Joe's dick was starting to lengthen
just at the thought but Gus was still soft. Then it occurred to me
that I had come here planning on suffering to atone for my betrayal
to Josh. At best I would be fucked in an exciting position and at
worst I would be whipped to get the punishment I deserved.
  I sat on the bench and buckled the cuffs on my ankles then the
ones on my wrists then laid back to buckle the wide belt around my
waist as tight as I could. 
  I stretched my hands over my head and opened my legs widely
saying, "Is this the way I should be?"
  They both jumped up to come over to me and I saw that Joes dick
was growing. Gus said, "That's the idea. I just need to tighten you
a little."
  He went to the winch behind me and I heard it clicking so I let
my head fall back to see the slack coming out of the ropes as he
turned a crank. He tightened me more than a little. I felt my
vertbraes coming apart as my waist shrunk and tightened and the
waist belt dug into my hip bones until I whimpered at the pain to
my shoulder joints. They went to the winches on the opposite walls
and my legs began coming apart. It was a good thing I am flexible
because they tightened those ropes until my legs were pulled into
the splits to make me look like a capital"T". I whimpered, "Oh
stop. My hips may break!"
  They stopped and came over to me. Joe said, "God that really
opened her up! Look. Two fingers can lay in her slit."
  He slid two fingers up and down in my slit to make me aware that
my clit was now exposed. Joe said, "Jesus this kid is something
else. The stretch has to hurt but she is wet! This is good for me.
I am hard."
  Gus said, "Yeah but I could be harder and she wouldn't have made
herself helpless without assuming she would be whipped. Would you
Carla?"
  "I hoped this would be enough but I guess I knew you would want
to whip me a little."
Gus said, "Yeah. I want you so excited you are dripping. I am going
to try out these whips. Just three with each."
  I sobbed knowing he set three for one on each breast and one to
my pussy.
  He went to the wall and brought back the cable whip. I could tell
the ball was heavy by the way it bent the cable.
  He came over to me and brought it down so the cable left a
terrible sting to my left breast and the ball sunk into my right so
deep I felt it hit my breast bone. I screamed and shook my head
which was the only thing I could move but he did the same to my
other one to bring another scream. Then he laid the cable down my
stomach to let the ball sink into my slit and the cable to slide on
my clit as he moved it up and down to take aim.
  "I sobbed, "Oh No,no,no,no." but he lifted it to bring it down to
cause a terrible sting to my clit.
  Joe said, "Jesus. That is something else! You left a stripe from
her bellybutton to her slit and the ball went out of sight in her
pussy!"
  He went back to the wall and I sobbed, "Oh no. Please no more!"
  He said, "Shh. You have had the worst. The other two will seem
like nothing."
  He lied. He gave me three fast ones with the medallion on both
nipples and my clit that almost caused me to dislocate my shoulders
from my struggles and screams.
  I just laid there blubbering as he got the Santa Claus whip but
he was right about it. When the bell hit my nipples and then sunk
into my pussy it made me fantastically excited! When he just stood
there I screamed, "No! Don't stop!" 
  He hit the lips on both sides of my open slit then one that sank
the ball into my gash. The last on my clit brought on a fantastic
orgasm. "Joe said excitedly, "Jesus. You were right. Pussy juice
flew when it went inside her!"
  Gus said, "Yeah. She is ready for fucking but her pussy will be
too loose pulled open so much. Let's tighten it up by making it
swell."
  He went over to the wall to pull out a couple of switches from a
pipe full of water.
  He explained, "The water keeps them flexible even though they are
thick. Let's see if we can close the lips."
  I looked at the willow swiitches and saw he had cut off the ends
so they were about a quarter inch thick on the ends.
  I yelled "No! Please no! It will never swell that much! You will
kill me!"
  Gus just laughed and said, It is time we did something that just
won't excite you. Joe you take the right lip. I'll take the left."
  They moved to my side then I felt horrible pain as Gus brought it
down on my pussy. I screamed and begged, "No more! Please no more."
  They ignored me and Joe brought his down to make me scream again.
It was terrible. I don't know how many times they hit me but
incredibly even that terrible punishment eventually made me go numb
and my screams stopped as I just laid there shaking my head and
sobbing until Joe said, "I don't think it is going to swell any
more."
  He saved me from any more pain by jamming his dick into my
swollen pussy to bring me to orgasms. When Gus came to my face I
greedily sucked on his throbbing dick until he shot semen down my
throat.
  They got me loose and then were very nice to me by caressing my
tender bruises and even licking my nipples and clitoris again
seeming to prove the value of submission.
  They began putting on their clothes then Joe gave Gus a hundred
dollar bill for losing his bet. Since I was the one who won the bet
for him he told me to come to the store and pick out anything I
wanted. It didn't mean he was being very generous since he would be
able to steal it.
  I was totally exhausted and just laid there gentl caressing my
swollen pussy until Joe had dressed and left.
  It was all wet and I was sure it was bleeding so I struggled up
to look at it in the mirror. It looked awful! It was maroon colored
and was pooching out from the swelling. My slit was closed so tight
there was just a tiny slit even when I opened my legs.
  I said, "Oh that was terrible. You should be ashamed!"
  "Why? I know you ended up with orgasms."
  "That was from the fucking. The whipping was just terrible!"
  "Not toward the end. For the last ten you just moaned rather than
screamed."
  "That is because I finally got numb."
  "Now you know nothing can be too terrible because you will either
get numb or pass out. You can take a lot. Other girls passed out
after the first ten."
  Strangely that made me feel proud of myself but I certainly did
not want him to think of something else to do to me so I harriedly
dressed leaving off the medallions since I wanted no more even
light pain. Surprisingly Joe gave me fifty dollars. I knew that
made me a whore but I still took it since it was only noon and I
could use it for shopping. 
  When I left my nipples were still tingling and my pussy was so
sensitive I could feel the lips rubbing together as I walked. That
provided some excitement and rather than being angry at him I
wished there had been a mirror so I could have seen the lips jump
and sell as the switches came down.
  I went around to the stores to look at sexy lingerie but there
was nothing a sexy as what I had and since it was a work day there
were no men hanging around the dressing rooms to tease.
  I became bored and since it was hot decided to walk into the
arboretum to cool off in the shade. I suddenly felt tired and laid
down in a grassy spot and almost immediately fell asleep proving
how exhausting sex and punishment was.
  I slept for quite awhile awakened by giggles. I opened my eyes to
see three boys about ten years old lying on their stomachs to look
up my skirt. I looked down to see that I must have rolled around in
my sleep because the hem was up to my crotch. I thought their
curiosity was cute and said, "Are you having fun?"
  Two just giggled some more but the third little blonde boy
said,"Yeah. We can see your pussy! It is all red!"
  "Have you ever seen one before?"
  "Just my little sister's. It is smaller than yours. I can only
get my little finger in it."
  "Your Mom will kill you if she catches you doing that."
  "She won't find out. I only do it when she isn't around and my
sister won't tell. She really likes it. She even let's my friends
do it."
  One of the other boys got braver since I had made no effort to
cover myself and said, "Yeah. I'll bet we could get our whole hand
into yours."
  I looked down at it and realized I must have slept for quite
awhile because the swelling had gone down. It might be possible for
them to get their small hands into it so I decided to give them the
thrill of their lifetime and possibly orgasms for me.
  "You can try if you want to."
  The blonde boy beat them to it and put his fingers in one at a
time until his whole hand was sinking in and out. He said
excitedly, "Wow. it feels like a wet hand is squeezing mine!"
  I told him to make a fist and he began jamming it into me which
really made it exciting especially since I could hear people
walking on the gravel path on the other side of the bushes. I began
having orgasms just as another kid said, "My turn." The blonde
pulled out his hand to let the other boy drive in his but he looked
so disappointed I pulled up my sweater to moan, "Squeeze my
titties."
  By the time the third boy had his turn I had several orgasms and
was just lying there in bliss as they rubbed my pussy and breasts.
  I noticed the blonde had unzipped his pants and was gripping his
little dick to pump on it. I said, "I know something that feels
better than that." I rolled over and began licking and sucking his
dick watching his eyes round and a delighted smile cover his face.
He came in a short time. I was amazed. I thought boys had to be
older. The other boys began to yell, "My turn! My turn!" and I had
to warn them to be quiet or adults may hear us.
  After they all came they laid beside me caressing me with one of
their hands while playing with their soft dicks.
  The blonde boy had his head next to mine so out of curiosity I
asked him, "How old is your sister?"
  "She is about five years old."
  I thought, God by the time she is ten she will be a total slut
but that didn't bother me actually I was jealous I had not had an
older brother to show me how good sex felt.
  He said, "Do you think she is big enough for me to put my dick
inside her? I don't want to hurt her. She might tell Mom."
  "It won't hurt her if you get her really wet. Do you know how to
do that?"
  "No. I just thought I would put some vaseline in it."
  Of course that would work but I said, "Oh no. Girls make their
own lubrication. If you want it to get really slick you need to
lick it like I did your dick."
  "Oh that sounds gross. You pee out of there."
  "We wipe off. It doesn't taste bad. Try licking mine."
  He hesitated until one of the other boys said, "I'll do it if you
will."
  He laid on his stomach between my legs and began to lick. I
showed him how to spread open the lips to expose the clit to lick
it then moaned, "That feels wonderful. If you do that for your
sister she will do anything you want."
  That encouraged him and he licked faster then the other boys took
their turns following my direction to bring me to a sweet orgasm.
  I said, "Oh thank you. I'll do anything you want just like your
sister will."
  One of the boys said, "Can I put my dick in your pussy?"
  "Sure. As long as you want."
  It didn't excite me much since their dicks were so little and
they came so fast but I clenched the muscles in my pussy to make it
as tight as I could for them.
  As soon as the last boy finished the blonde said, "Come on to my
place. Mom is going shopping. We can try this on Becky."
  They thanked me and said they would watch for me then ran off.
  I know it seems awful but I was glad I had the chance to corrupt
those boys and contribute in making his sister into a slut like me.
  When I got home I saw something new had been added. There was a
4X4 post hanging horizontally from the ceiling by chains. Mom was
hanging from it with duct tape wrapped around her arms to crucify
her with her toes a few inches from the floor. She was crying and
when I got closer I saw skinny dark red lines on her stomach and
breasts with an especially angry one crossing both nipples. I
looked down and other lines made two exes across her pussy lips.
The center of the top "X" was right where her clit would be.
  I said, "God Mom. What happened to you?"
  She didn't answer the question just saying, "Oh I hurt so bad.
Please try to get him to let me down."
  About that time Rob came in and I asked, "What did you do to her
and why?"
  "Your Mom forgot her status as a slave. In spite of the fact she
was watching me prepare the crucifix she began to bitch saying she
was jealous and didn't want me to fuck you anymore. Naturally she
had to be punished. I made a simple but very effective instrument
by straightening out a wire coathanger. I think she will be more
cooperative now. As for you, take off your clothes."
  I jerked them off glad to be rid of them. If I could I would
never wear clothes. I had even fantasized about being naked outside
in winter to feel snow or sleet hitting my body.
  Naturally he noticed my bruised pussy and said, "How did your
pussy get bruised? We didn't hit it that hard."
  Thankfully I had a lie prepared to excuse it and at the same time
let them know I was being cheated. I said, "I got so horny and
frustrated having you just fuck Mom I went to bed to masturbate but
I couldn't get off so I spanked my pussy with a hairbrush. I guess
I got carried away."
  It worked. Maybe too well.
  He said, "I can understand that and since you were able to hurt
yourself that much to achieve orgasm I can be more severe."
  He turned me to face her sobbing body and I felt sorry for her
although I would have enjoyed seeing the wire hit to obviously dig
in.
  He stood behind me to hug me to him while his hands pulled and
squeezed my breasts and pussy to make me moan.
  I said, "Hanging that way must make her shoulders hurt terribly.
Please let her down."
  "Possibly. Mona do you see what I am doing to your daughter? What
do you think about that?"
  She moaned, "I don't care what you do to her. She is yours, just
like me."
  "Good answer. What will you do to her if she refuses me?"
  "I'll whip her until she is bloody and then I will do what you
want."
  "Yes. You have earned a pardon."
  He pushed over the footstool for her to stand on and she sighed
at the release of pressure on her shoulders. He had her get down
then we began ripping the tape off her arms pulling out the fine
hairs. Incredibly when she was looses from the post she hugged and
kissed him while thanking him in spite of what he had done to her.
  He continued to torture her though by having me lick his dick and
suck on his balls while he told her to pay attention because I knew
best how to use my tongue.
  He continued her torture by having me get on my hands and knees
to fuck me doggy style while having her lie under me to kiss and
nibble on my nipples. That seemed to make her my slave too and I
came like crazy. 
  Even that was not enough humiliation to satisfy him. He had me
kneel with my legs spread and told her to lick his cum out of my
pussy. She didn't hesitate and thrilled me completely by sticking
her tongue deeply into me to swirl it and bring it back into her
mouth until I came again and he said, "She should be clean enough."
  She got up to kneel submissively with her legs open and her hands
behind her back then said softly, "I have been good. Please make
love to me too."
  He said, "Do you think you could get me hard?"
  "Oh yes! I'll do anything to get you hard."
  "Really? I think I may get hard if I knew your pussy was as tight
as Carla's.
  "How can I do that?"
  "It would be tight if it was swollen."
  She moaned, "Oh you would have to whip it a lot to make it swell.
That would hurt awfully."
  "Yes. You don't have to. I can aways fuck Carla again."
  "No! I'll do it!"
  He took off his western belt with a big metal buckle and had her
hold out her hand to wrap it around it until about a foot of belt
was hanging from her hand with the buckle swinging gently at the
end of it.
  He said, "That should do it. Hit your pussy until it is puffed
out."
  She whimpered, "The edges are sharp. I may cut myself."
  "Not if you aim carefully to make it land flat."
  She sat back on her ankles spreadin her legs some more then
brought it down squarely to let us see it sink into the lips then
hit it again but Rob said, "Hit harder. It will take hours to swell
at that rate."
  She took a dep breath and brought it down harder to make her
squeal but quickly hit it again and again then seemed to go into a
frenzy hitting it very hard and no longer caring when an edge would
dig in. I watched fascinated as it got red then redder and finally
maroon as her pussy juice spattered until he finally grabbed her
arm and pushed her onto her back to shove his dick into what had to
be a very sore pussy but she just squealed in delight.
  I was awestruck. I was sure I would not be able to do that. I may
have agreed to let him do it but it would seem worse to do it to
myself.
  When he came they were both obviously exhausted so I told them I
was going to bed. Rob just nodded so I left.
  When I got to my room I had to have some idea of how it felt do
that to myself so I got my hairbrush to spank it. I didn't hit as
hard or as long as she did but the stings still brought me to
orgasm so I could go to sleep.
  The next day Rob said we had exhausted him and he wanted to save
himself for the meeting Saturday so he had us keep our clothes on.
I felt frustrated but Mom seemed satisfied just to cuddle with him
to watch TV until bedtime.
  When I got home the next day Mom told me that Rob had called to
say he was bringing two friends home to dinner and that Mom and I
should go shopping to get a couple of low cut cocktail dresses. Mom
was excited since he told her it was alright to go over her limit
on the credit card. We shopped for hours then she found a dress she
liked so well she bought one for each of us. I was surprised we
found it in a regular store rather than a sex shop. The front was a
wide vee of nylon gauze starting at our shoulders to bare the
center parts of our breasts nearly to the nipples with the vee
ending just above our pubic bones. The back was the same vee with
the end at the top of our butt cracks. I asked the sales girl if
women really wore these in public and she said, "Sure. Look at
this." she held up a magazine with a picture of a movie starlet in
the same dress. 
Mom was convinced and bought them.
  We made most of dinner before showering and putting on the
dresses following Rob's orders to not wear any underclothes. Mom
decided to improve on the dresses by cutting out the gauze to make
us totally bare. I said, "We are going to have to be careful. Look
at this." I waggled my shoulders and both my boobs pushed the dress
aside to bare them. She just giggled and said " Just remember to
stand at attention with you boobs out to keep the material tight.It
may not matter. Rob said he wanted to show us off.
  Rob showed up a little later to introduce us to his clients.
Neither of them was appealing. They were both in their fifties with
one with a big pot gut and the other skinny and wearing spectacles
that reminded me of my math teacher.
  Dinner was uneventful except for their constant staring at our
boobs. When they finished Mom and I took away the dishes and gave
them another cup of coffee. The fat one said, "Your girls are very
pretty."
  "Yes and they are very obedient. You will do anything I want.
Won't you girls?"
  We answered in unison as if rehearsed, "Oh yes sir."
  The skinny one asked, "Could they dance for us?"
  Rob said, "Of course."
  Mom went to the stereo and even though they weren't attractive I
was looking forward to their excitement and the compliments we
would get.
  Just as I expected our movewments to the song made our boobs jump
out of the dresses. We would tuck them back in only to have them
come out again at the next quick turn to make the skirts flare up
to flash our butts or pussies. They grinned and applauded every
flash. The song ended and we stood in front of them breathing
heavily from the exertion.
  Rob said, "Would you like to see more?"
  The fat one said "Definitely." and the skinny one nodded.
  Rob walked behind us and pulled the straps off our shoulders to
let the dresses fall to the floor then told us to go over to them.
They fondled us for awhile then the fat one unzipped his pants to
pull out an ugly, gnarley dick with a purple head and said curtly,
"Suck it." The skinny one did the same with mom. After sucking them
for a few minutes we were pulled onto their laps to fuck us. Then
they had us switch and we had to suck them again until they were
hard again so they could fuck us again doggie style. That satisfied
them and they zipped up their pants for Rob to walk them out to the
car. I watched them through the window and saw them giving money to
Rob.
  I said, "Mom! Rob sold us. They are giving him money!"
  She just giggled and said, "That explains why he didn't care if I
went over my limit. I wonder what we were worth?"
  I said, "I feel dirty to be a whore and it wasn't exciting. It
just seemed humiliating to be naked while they were wearing suits.
It wasn't like real sex at all."
  Mom said, "Well at least you know you will never be poor."
  "Mom1 I wouldn't be poor anyway. I am marrying Josh."
  "Not for awhile. We can earn the cost of your wedding."
  "Doesn't it bother you to be a whore?"
  "No. It is a bonus. I would be doing it for nothing anyway."
  Rob came in to kiss us and say, "You did well. They will be
back."
  I whined, "They made me feel dirty."
  "Oh come on. They didn't hurt you."
  "I wish they had. It would have given me an excuse for my
behavior."
  "I'll remember that." 
  Mom was a star at the Saturday meeting. She was tied with her
arms up and her legs held wide apart by tieing her ankles to the
ends of a log. They formed lines and as instructed as each came to
her she said, "Do anything you want to me."
  They were so fascinated by her willigness to suffer I was just
fucked doggy style so they would be able to watch her. When one
finished with me I would crawl to the next hard dick I saw.
  It wasn't just the hundreds of lashes from switches or whips. One
woman stuck darning needles to make a shiny "X" through her nipples
and later my gym teacher pushed a whole box of thumbtacks into her
breasts and pussy to make it look as if she was wearing a chrome
bikini. She finally passed out when they began hitting the tacks
with thick straps.
  That satisfied them and they pulled out the needles and tacks. It
was good that she was unconscious because they rubbed salt on her
boobs and pussy to stop the bleeding which would have burned awful.
  Someone held her while Rob untied her then we put her in the back
seat still naked to take her home.
  She didn't wake up until we had put her to bed and was rubbing
salve on the welts and punctures.
  She sighed, then said, "I was really brave wasn't I? Were they
impressed? The pain got so bad I couldn't see them anymore."
  "You were awesome Mom. No-one could take their eyes off you. How
could you keep asking for more?"
  "I don't know. The more it hurt the more I wanted it to hurt. I
knew Rob wouldn't let them scar me."
  Actually there were tiny scars where the thumbtacks had gone in
and had been ripped out by whips but they didn't bother her.
  From then on Rob brought men home for us every night. now adding
the bonus of letting them watch us whip each other or kneel in
front of them to beg them to spank our breasts or pussy with their
belts.
  He must have got too greedy and began soliciting strangers. One
night after we stripped and asked the men to do anything they
wanted to us they pulled out badges and said we were under arrest.
  Rob and Mom really got into trouble when they found out I was
only sixteen. They were put in jail and I was sent out in the
country to a foster home. My foster parents really felt sorry for
me so I let them think I was a victim.
  I had never been out in the country and at first I enjoyed
walking in the woods to see the squirrels and other animals but I
found I still couldn't get to orgasm with masturbation and am
increasingly horny. There is hope though. I was doing aerobics in
my bikini and saw my foster Dad looking at me with a definite lump
in his pants. When his wife goes to town to do her shopping I plan
to let him see me naked.

                              THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





