BDSM Library - Earthquake




Earthquake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He always wanted to show his love to her with a restraining order. The earthquake gave him the opportunity.
If you don't like sex stories, don't read it.
If you don't like stories bout forced sex, don't read it.
If you are below the arbitrary age set for your area, don't read it.
If for any reason it is illegal for you to read this story, don't read it.

Copyright (c) 2001 Norm DePloom.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written
permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice
attached.  The author may be contacted at normdeploom@hotmail.com
All the characters and events in this story are fictional; any resemblance to
real people or events is entirely coincidental.




Earthquake
By
Norm DePloom

The first thing I did when the shaking stopped was to look around my apartment
to determine the extent of the damage.  The second thing I did was to go across
the street and check on Tillie.  Her real name was Matilda, and despite my
overwhelming love and devotion, she had ignored me for two years and now I had
an opportunity to prove myself to her.  I figured if I rescued her from certain
death in an earthquake-damaged building she really wouldn't care that much about
a silly little restraining order. 

It had all been such a silly mistake to begin with.  I was only trying to show
her how much I really loved her, I never intended to hurt her in any way.  Now I
had to seize the opportunity to finally prove my love.

As I hurried across the street I realized how much damage had really been done. 
Tillie's building was leaning precariously to the left.  When I looked back
across the street I could see that my building was leaning almost as far.  I
figured my building would be safer if I needed someplace to care for Tillie.

The front door to her building was stuck, but gave way with a loud grinding
noise when I put my weight behind it.  I moved quickly up three flights of oddly
tilted stairs and, finding her door standing open, immediately entered and began
a search.  I found her unconscious lying on the floor in her bathroom with her
slacks and panties around her ankles. A heavy brass vase on the floor explained
her unconscious state.

My initial investigation revealed a bump on her head where the vase had struck
her a viscous blow, and a full patch of pubic hair that matched her head hair in
color.  If I was going to prove my love by caring for her I would have to get
her back to my apartment before she woke up.  Pulling her slacks and panties up
far enough to cover her bare ass, I picked her limp form up from the floor and,
staggering a bit under the weight, carried her out of her apartment and, with
several stops to catch my breath, down the three flights of oddly tilting
stairs.  Once out of the building I carried her quickly across the street to my
apartment building then, with additional rest stops, up the stairs, which I now
realized, were tilted just as strangely as hers had been, to my apartment.

Tillie moaned loudly and the bedsprings bounced and squeaked in protest when, as
my arms finally gave out, I dropped her on my bed.  I needed to do two things
immediately, first I had to take her clothes off then I needed to tie her to the
bed.  Her clothes had to come of so I could check her for injuries and I needed
to tie her to the bed so when she woke up and realized where she was she
couldn't run off and find the police before I'd had a chance to explain things
to her. 

That whole silly restraining order came about because I wrote her a long letter
telling her how much I loved her and how I just wanted to make her happy.  Then,
just because I made a joke at the end of the letter and asked her 'would tying
you to my bed and whipping you into shape be considered a first date?' and she
got all bent out of shape and called the police. 

OK, OK, the police did find a pair of manacles and a whip in my apartment, but
it was still just a joke.  I'd never really whip a girl on our first date,
unless of course she asked for it, or had been a bitch all evening and really
deserved it.  All I did was just make that one little joke and now I can't even
walk in front of her building without crossing to the other side of the street
first.  Well, now she's going to learn the truth about how much I love her.

I quickly pulled her clothes the rest of the way off, and had secured one wrist
and both of her ankles with the manacles that I'd had permanently attached to my
bed for just this sort of occasion when she suddenly woke up.  She looked around
the room, still in somewhat of a daze, then down at her naked body.  She pulled
experimentally at the chains holding her feet, then finally saw me on the other
side of the bed and screamed.  I let her scream and cuss, such language from a
lady, I'll have to teach her not to talk like that, and call for help while I
wrestled her last arm down to the bed and secured it with the manacle around her
wrist.  By this time I was tired of the noise and reached for the duct tape I
always keep handy.  Hey did you know that duct tape is like 'The Force'?  It's
got a light side and a dark side and it holds the Universe together.  Right now
it was going to hold Tillie's mouth shut while I examined her for injuries. She
shook her head back and forth trying to keep me from applying the tape.  She
just did not understand that I had to do this for her own good.  I grabbed a
handful of her hair and, holding her head still, silenced her begging with the
tape over her mouth. 

"Now-" I announced once I had her silent undivided attention. "-I have to
examine you to see if you have any injuries."  I really could not understand the
look of terror in her eyes, I was just trying to help her.  When I started to
feel her body she started jerking at the restraints and trying to move her body
away from my hands.  Since she refused to believe that I was only interested in
taking care of her I was forced to reprimanded her mildly across her cheeks
twice with my open hand.  After that she laid still and trembled with excitement
as I ran my hands over her naked body. 

OK, I admit it, I spent more time then strictly necessary making sure her
breasts and nipples were free from injury, but she has to understand that it was
all done out of loving concern for her well being.  After working my way down
from her wrists to the top of her pubic hair I switched to her feet and began to
work my way up her legs.  She trembled more and more violently as tears streamed
from her eyes and ran into her hair.

As my hands moved up her legs I assured Tillie of my undying love and devotion. 
When I got up to her crotch I gave in to temptation and pushed my finger inside
her.  Tillie squealed and jerked against the chains like I'd stuck a red hot rod
into her.  I turned it into a fun game, seeing how far she would bounce off the
bed every time I pushed my fingers inside her.  I kept it up until she got tired
and, deciding to guit playing, just laid there no matter how many fingers I
pushed in or how hard I pushed them. 

"Well-" I announced setting on the edge of the bed and letting my hand rest on
her trembling thigh.  "-I don't see any signs of obvious injury-" I let my hand
move slowly over her smooth skin. "-but I'd better keep you here for
observation."  A moan came from deep inside Tillie's throat, I can only assume
that she appreciated my single-minded dedication to her well being.  The
apartment rocked and rolled with loud creaks and groans as the first aftershock
hit. 

"If I'm going to have time to demonstrate my love for you before this building
comes tumbling down on top of us I'd better get busy.  You know,-" I continued
as I picked up a couple of lengths of rope.  "-laying flat on your back is not
really a good position for me to demonstrate my love for you."  I formed a slip
knot in one end of the first piece of rope and slipped it over her left foot
then, after looping the rope over the bedpost on the headboard I removed the
manacle on her ankle and pulled on the free end of the rope stretching her leg
up and to the side.  Tillie screamed her appreciation for my efforts. I tied the
rope off with a nifty self locking slip knot that I learned in the Boy Scout
that allowed me to adjust the tension holding her leg without untying it, then I
did the same thing with her other leg.  Now her crotch was open and available
for me to demonstrate my love.  Standing beside the bed I rapidly removed my
clothing.  My cock had been hard since I had decided to rescue the woman I loved
and it needed to be released, besides, Tillie needed to see my love with her own
eyes.  Her eyes grew wide and she pleaded with me unintelligibly through the
duct tape.

"Don't worry,-" I assured her stroking my hard cock with one hand and caressing
her warm soft skin with the other. "-I'll show you how much I love you soon
enough."  I picked up a permanent marker and walked over to the only wall left
in my apartment that did not have several large cracks running through it. 

"You know the poem 'How do I love you, let me count the ways'?" I asked looking
back over my shoulder before turning to the wall and writing as high up on the
wall as I can reach 'HOW DO I LOVE YOU LET ME COUNT THE WAYS'.  Under that I
wrote '1-COCK IN CUNT'.  I looked back over at Tillie, she was screaming in
ecstasy and already making orgasmic fuck motions with her hips.  I joined Tillie
on the bed and using both hands to spread her cunt open, leaned over and inhaled
her odor. 

"I hope-" I said looking her directly in the eyes. "-that you've been saving
this for me."  I raised myself up and pushed my cock into her.  Tillie's whole
body stiffened then began jerking as she pulled and jerked against the ropes and
chains.  It my have looked like she was trying to fight me off but I know the
truth.  She was so excited, and so eager for my love that all I had to do was
hang on and ride her crotch like a bucking bronco. 

My god was she hot and tight.  I know we had our little misunderstanding, but I
just new, even before I pushed my 'love rod' into her that she had saved herself
for me.  I could only truly love a chaste woman.  I don't know what I would have
done if Tillie had turned out to be a loose-pussied slut.

First I sucked on her nipples while we fucked then, when we really got into it,
I started biting her nipples harder and harder.  Every time I'd bite one of her
nipples she'd scream in pleasure and buck her hips to fuck herself harder and
deeper on my cock.  I held myself deep inside her and, while I sucked blood from
her right nipple, my cock twitched violently and pumped my liquid love into her
eagerly waiting cunt.   After I came I rolled off her body laid next to her with
my hand resting casually on her pussy while I caught my breath and watched a
thin line of blood ooze from her mangled nipple and down the side of her right
breast.

The intensity of my love left Tillie's body wracked with sobs.  After catching
my breath I jumped up from the bed with renewed energy.  Grabbing the marker I
put a large check mark next to '1-COCK IN CUNT' then below that wrote '2-COCK IN
ASS' I turned to look at my love waiting for me on the bed and saw her shaking
her head 'no' with a look of terror in her eyes.  She still didn't understand.

My cock was already getting hard again so I climbed onto the bed and, standing
over Tillie so she would have an even better view, slowly stroked my love into
full erection.  Then I knelt and, while continuing to slowly stroke the entire
length of my cock with my left hand, pushed two fingers on my right hand deeply
into her well-fucked pussy. 

I pulled my cum laden fingers from her pussy and gently rubbed it onto her
quivering ass hole.  I repeated the process several times before I began to work
my fingertip into her tightly closed puckered hole. I worked slowly and
patiently repeatedly moving my finger back to her cunt for more lubrication as I
worked it deeper and deeper into her sweet virgin ass.  Just as I reached full
penetration with one finger, and was about to add a second, another, stronger,
after shock rocked the building.  I'll tell you it was really strange sitting on
the bed as it rocked back and forth with my finger stuck all the way up Tillie's
backside.  When the building stopped rocking part of the ceiling was hanging
down into the room.

"I really wanted to take my time,-" I told Tillie. "-and do this right,-" I
pulled my finger out of her and positioned myself to replace it with my hard
cock. "-but it looks like I better get on with this before the building comes
down on our heads."  I pushed hard, and watched her face grimace in pain while
her sphincter muscle slowly gave way under my determined attack and allowed my
cockhead entry into her stretching ass.  I stopped and rested with her
sphincter, which was holding my cockhead inside her, put the most deliciously
erotic pressure on my cock shaft just where it joins the head. 

Tillie was, once again, pulling at her bonds trying to make my demonstration of
love more pleasurable for both of us.  I was touched by this demonstration of
her love for me.  Crouching over so I could work on her nipples again I began my
final assault on her tender virgin ass.  Since I didn't have time to prepare or
lubricate her sufficiently it took several minutes of backing part way out and
thrusting in again, throwing my weight behind it each time, to achieve total
penetration.

Just as I 'hit bottom' in Tillie's marvelously tight ass another aftershock
hit.  I felt small pieces of plaster hitting my back as I pulled my cock almost
all the way out and slammed it back into her.  When the building stopped swaying
I let go of her bloody nipple and looked up into her tear streaked, screaming
face.

"Did the earth move for you too?"  I guess she was too overcome with passion to
laugh at my little joke.  Since I'd already cum once just a few minutes earlier
I knew I was going to be able to give her a marathon experience of my nipple
chewing ass slamming love.  I settled into a steady rhythm pumping my hard cock
in and out of her ass, making the bed bang loudly against the wall with each
thrust into her quivering body while I bit and chewed on her nipples, breasts
and up onto her neck, pausing to suck and drink her blood whenever I broke her
skin.  I have no idea how long I fucked Tillie's ass and drank her blood, but
when I finally came, holding my twitching cock deep inside her now well used ass
while I emptied my cum into her bowels, I ripped a chunk of flesh from her right
breast with my teeth which I chewed and ate in my orgasmic ecstasy.  I rested on
top of her with my softening cock still buried deep inside her for a few minutes
before climbing off and, picking up the marker, put a big check mark in front of
'2-COCK IN ASS' then I put a big smiley face to the right and wrote 'GREAT FUCK'
beside it.  I turned to face the bed and noticed that my love was staring up at
the ceiling with a vacant look on her face. 

"Oh dear,-" I said as I walked across the room and stepped over a large crack
that had appeared in the floor to get into the bathroom.  I returned with a
bottle of isopropyl alcohol.  "-I must tend to your wounds."  Tillie's breasts,
chest, shoulders and neck were covered with bleeding wounds.  A little alcohol
got her attention again.  Just to be safe I poured the entire bottle on her
injuries. 

"It's for your own good."  I reminded her when the duct tape muffled scream died
down.  "You can't be too cautious with these earthquake related wounds."  I
retrieved the marker and, returning to the wall, wrote '3-COCK IN MOUTH'.  Then
I walked back to the bed and, grabbing a corner that had already come loose
yanked the tape off Tillie's mouth. 

"You mother fucking shit eating cock sucking-" While Tillie spewed her hateful
venom I retrieved a handy little device I'd had the foresight to purchase and
have hanging on the back of the headboard.  Shaking my head with sadness because
she still just did not understand, I slipped the device into her mouth and had
the strap buckled before she realized what was happening.  "-you stick your cock
in my mouth and I'll bite it off."  That last part was garbled but
understandable as she tried to talk around my device.  Holding a handful of her
hair to keep her head still I operated the lever attached to the ratchet
mechanism with the other.  With each click of the ratchet Tillie's mouth was
forced open just a little more.  When I was satisfied that I would have no
problem fitting between her titanium and plastic covered teeth I stopped pumping
the small lever and, leaving my open mouthed victim on the bed, headed for the
kitchen.  I came back with a can of coke, a bottle of whisky and some slices of
cold pizza.  As I ate the pizza I made a game of trying to figure out exactly
what it was that Tillie was trying to say.  After my last bite I picked Tillie's
blouse up from the floor and, after wiping my hands, looked down at my crotch.

"Considering where this is going next-" I said while giving my cock and balls a
good wipe down with her blouse.  "-I better clean it up a bit."  Tillie made
more incomprehensible babbling. 

"What's that you say?"  I asked picking up the whisky bottle and poring her
mouth full. "-you want a drink?"   She swallowed a couple of times then
coughed and choked, spewing whisky all over her front.  I immediately leaned
over and licked it from her breasts, a new game had been born.  By the time I
tired of licking whisky from her body the bed all around her was soaked, the
apartment smelled like a cheap bar and there was only about two inches left in
the bottom of the bottle.    But the game had served it purpose and my cock was
hard and ready for more fucking.   

The urgency of having a hard cock was added to by additional tremors shaking my
already very unstable apartment.  Climbing onto the foot of the bed I pulled
Tillie as far down towards the end of the bed as I could, stretching her arms,
and the chains that held them, tight.  I didn't bother to loosen the ropes
holding her ankles, leaving her instead bent in half at the waist.  Using her
upturned legs for handrails I stepped around her bruised, bleeding body to lower
myself over her head, preparing to fuck her open waiting mouth. 

I must have spent an hour repeatedly forcing my cock into her throat, then
holding it there until she bounced and struggled for air, before pulling it out
and letting her get a gasp or two of breath.  I really was amazed by how much
fight she still had in her.  As I was overcome with orgasmic feelings I pushed
myself deep into her throat and held it there while my hips jerked repeatedly
slamming my crotch against her face.  Having already cum twice in a relatively
short time I had practically no more semen to give her, but the cum despite the
lack of jizz was the most intense of the day, leaving my head spinning while I
hung onto her thighs for balance. 

Climbing over her legs I sat on the edge of the bed and watched her body for
signs of life.  After an amazingly long time her body jerked and her chest
heaved sucking in a lung full of air.  Followed by an errie scream from her
semi-permanently opened mouth.  After placing a big check mark by '3-COCK IN
MOUTH' I picked my clothes up from the floor and got dressed.  Walking back over
to my bed, I ran my hand gently over her trembling thigh.

"I really wish I had more time to prove my love to you."  As I spoke I moved my
hand down her thigh and began gently exploring her upturned cunt and ass.  "But
I'm afraid this old building is about to come tumbling down and I'm going to
have to leave you now."  She babbled incoherently and begged me with her eyes
not to leave her.  "I know, I know-" I assured her.  "-You want me to stay and
continue demonstrating my love, but it's time for me to leave." 

While I was talking a couple of my fingers had slipped into Tillie's pussy, I
pulled them out and picked up the almost empty whiskey bottle.  Upending the
bottle I pushed its neck into her vagina and watched the last two inches of
whiskey gurgle into her. 

"Whether you're rescued, or the building collapses on you, in a few minutes
you'll be too drunk to care."  I turned and walked to the bedroom door. " Drunk
by douche, how unique." I waved as I left the room.  I hurried down the stairs,
and was picking my way around rubble in the street when the next after shock
made the pavement heave under my feet.  I turned and watched as the building I'd
just left collapsed a little more.  As soon as the ground stopped moving I
walked down the street without another look back.

Was Tillie rescued?  Or did she die in a collapsing building?  I don't know, and
I no longer care.  It had become obvious to me that Tillie was nothing more than
a whore who could never really understand how much I loved her, no matter how
many times I demonstrated my love to her.

I'm living in a different city now, and I have a new love.  I watch her from my
bedroom window when she leaves her blinds open to tease me.  I've got the bed
and the manacles, my duct tape is ready.  I'm going to take my time this time. 
There's not going to be an earthquake rushing me.  I'm going to show you how
much I love you over and over and over and over...





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Norm DePloom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





