BDSM Library - Honey




Honey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her rotten mother exploits her daughter to satisfy drug habit.
Honey
by Allene

Story of Honey Bill and neighbor Jim

    I guess it is pretty ironic when you think about it. I ran
away from home because of my Mom's boyfriend's demands of me and
the fact my Mom was no help at all.
    Dad left Mom when he caught her with another man. I couldn't
blame him. She was a real slut! I had known she had seen other
men when he was out of town because of his sales job but I didn't
know how to tell him.  
    Eventually she began bringing men home. It embarrassed me
terribly when I would open the door after school to find her and
a man naked and making love in the living room. It didn't bother
her a bit. She said I was fifteen and old enough to learn the
facts of life.
    When she was caught and Dad moved out I hoped I could go with
him but the judge said since my Dad was out of town so much in
his job I should stay with my Mom even though I told him what a
slut she was. He said that it was understandable for her to look
for companionship since Dad was gone so much and since Mom was so
pretty he was sure she would soon settle down with a man that did
not travel. He seemed to think everything was Dad's fault for not
getting a job that would keep him home.
    Dad was making good money so with child support and alimony
Mom was actually better off than she was when married because Dad
had kept her on a tight allowance.
    It got bad for me right away. She was really mad because I
had testified for Dad. As soon as we got home from court she
began screaming at me, calling me an ungrateful bitch. I told her
I didn't have to take shit from a slut and started to walk out to
try to find Dad. I didn't have any other relatives to run to.
    She hit me in my jaw! Not a slap but with her fist. I got
real groggy and fell to the floor. While I sat there, dizzy, she
jerked the belt out of her bathrobe and tied it around my wrists.
She pulled me to my feet then stood on a chair to tie the end
around our ceiling fan. 
    By the time my strength came back it was too late to do
anything. I was stretched up by my arms and she had used other
belts to tie my ankles to the legs of the dining room table so I
couldn't even kick.
    She screamed, "You little bitch! You will learn to respect
and obey me if it kills you. I should have spanked you more when
you were small but I can make up for that now."
    She picked up a scissors! I was really scared I thought she
was going to stab me with them but she used it to cut off my
skirt and panties leaving me nude from my waist down.
    I had always been modest. Dad had never let me wear mini-
skirts because they were slutty and I agreed with him. Hanging
there in the bright light with my legs spread so I could see my
pussy in the mirror on the wall was terribly humiliating.
    She began spanking my butt with her hand while she screamed,
"This is all your fault. I would never have married your limp-
dicked Dad if he hadn't knocked me up with you. He was fairly
horny until we were married then when I got big he lost interest
and never got it back more than once a week. A woman needs more
than that."
    My butt was really beginning to burn and sting. That and the
humiliation made me cry but she wasn't satisfied. 
    She said, "Shit this is hurting me more than you. Your nerves
are buried in that fat ass."
    That wasn't true. My butt was only thirty-four inches it just
looked big because my waist was so tiny. I knew she was jealous
of my figure. She was real skinny with breasts smaller than mine
and a flat butt instead of the nice round one I had inherited
from Dad.
    I was grateful my ordeal was over when she walked out but
puzzled she left me hanging. When I heard her come back in the
room I sobbed, "Please let me down. My shoulders hurt and it is
embarressing to be so naked."
    She walked around to face me and said, "Oh the poor baby is
embarrassed. Now you know how I felt in court when you told
everyone I slept around. Let's make you really embarrassed."
    She picked up the scissors again and cut off my blouse and
bra to make me totally naked.
    I moaned, "How can you do this to your own daughter?"
    "You aren't my daughter! You are an ungrateful bitch. I
carried you for nine months and took care of you for years but
you only showed affection for your dad. If you weren't such a
great meal ticket I would throw you out in the street."
    She bent over to pick up my panties and blouse saying, "I
don't want you yelling and alarming the neighbors."
    She jammed my panties into my mouth and tied the sleeve of my
blouse around my head so I couldn't spit it out then cut off the
rest of my blouse.
    She told me that if I promised not to kick she would untie my
legs from the table. This would let me get my legs together so I
could hide my pussy so I nodded my head. She untied the ends
going to the table legs then pushed the table out of the way. 
    I heard scraping noises behind me then she told me to spread
my legs so she could slide Dads huge leather footstool under me.
I thought she was going to let me sit on it so I spread my legs
real wide to let her put it under me. When I was straddling it
she suddenly grabbed the ends of the belts and tied them together
under the footstool.
    I sobbed again because now my legs were spread so wide I
could see the lips of my pussy open slightly.
    She said, "Since you miss your Dad so much I have something
that will remind you of him."
    She stepped in front of me swinging Dads big western belt he
wore with jeans.
    I stared at her fearfully realizing my spanking was not over.
    She said, "It will be a lot better having you tied this way.
I can watch your face when this hits."
    She swung it to hit the side of my hip with the end coming
around to "Snap!" against my butt cheek then backhanded to hit
the other. The sting and burn was terrible causing me to scream
through my nose.
    She laughed! "Wow! That gets your attention a lot better than
a little hand spanking."
    She kept hitting me until my butt got a little numb. She must
have noticed I was not screaming and fighting so hard because she
began hitting my thighs to get me screaming again then worse
began hitting my tender inner thighs frightenly close to my
pussy. I must have passed out from this terrible pain. 
    When I woke up I was hanging from bicycle hooks she had taken
from the garage to screw into the walls. My knees were bent so I
stood to relieve the strain to my shoulders to face the corner of
the walls like a naughty child.
    My panties were out of my mouth and when I realized she was
standing behind me I begged for water to relieve my dry mouth.
    She laughed and said, "I thought you might be thirsty. I
filled my douche bag for you. It is hanging on the wall by your
tits and the nozzle is under your chin. When you want a drink
just put the nozzle in your mouth and squeeze the bag with those
big tits."
    I knew the nozzle had been in her pussy and was sure she was
not nice enough to wash it. I tried to ignore it but eventually
my thirst was greater than my pride and I put the nozzle in my
mouth sure that she had not washed it from the salty taste and
pressed my breasts against it to shoot water in my mouth.
    She laughed again at the humiliation and then said it was a
long day and she was going to bed. She loosened the ropes enough
for me to sit on the footstool. Eventually I went to sleep
sitting on the stool with my forehead against the wall. I got
little sleep because I would eventually slump back or to the side
to have my arms jerked by the ropes to wake me.
    In the morning she told me that she was going downtown and
since she did not want me yelling I should stand up and take
another drink before she gagged me again. I stood up to be
humiliated again by sucking water out of her douche bag. My only
consolation was that she gagged me by putting duct tape over my
mouth that would not dry my mouth as bad as my panties and
loosened the rope to tie my hands behind my back so I could lie
on the floor. I was so tired I went to sleep right away.
    I woke up to a pull on my arms. She had untied my wrists and
was pulling my arms back up toward the hooks. She told me to
stand up until I was again facing the corner. This time she
pulled me tight then she took off the tape. I drank again then
she turned me around to face her.
    I begged her to let me loose and let me have some food. I had
eaten nothing since lunch the day before and I was so hungry my
stomach ached.
    She refused saying that I still had more punishment coming
and would be fed only when she was sure I would be good.
    I cried and told her that I would be good and that I was
sorry I had testified against her but she just told me that she
would know when I was ready to co-operate. Then she said she had
done some shopping for me.
    She picked up a big sack and brought out three whips! That
changed everything. Being spanked by hands or belts seemed kind
of normal because most kids have been spanked by one or the other
but real whips were meant for only one thing. Suddenly a picture
I had seen of a black slave being whipped with blood running down
his back seemed horribly real. I began crying at the thought.
    "Jesus! You are such a wimp! Stop bawling! I want to talk to
you."
    I tried to hold back my sobs which left me with the hiccoughs
but that was quiet enough for her.
    "I bought these at a sex store so I guess they won't hurt
terribly. As you can see this one has six leather thongs of
leather about a half inch wide. The clerk said it could be used
anywhere on your torso so it must not be too bad."
    It looked bad to me. It would cover a large area at a time
and I assumed would be like being hit with six belts at once. She
held up the second whip she called a quirt.
    "This one is springy so it can either be used by swinging it
as they do with horses or it can be playful like this."
    She held onto the handle with one hand then pinched the
leather loop at the other skinny end to bend it back almost
double. When she let go of the loop it sprang back so fast it was
a blur. I shuddered at how it would feel hitting me.
    The last one was made of braided leather and looked like a
snake. She brought it above her head then sharply to the floor to
make a loud "Snap!" when it hit which made me jump in fear.
    "The clerk said I had to be careful with this since it could
cut your skin so it must be the worse. You will be the best judge
of that. I want to experiment. To show you are going to be a good
obediant girl why don't you ask me for one lash with each so we
will know which hurts the most?"
    I protested immediately, "No I don't deserve to be hurt. I am
going to tell Daddy what you have done to me. He will have you
put in jail!"
    She got instantly angry. "You little bitch! It was not enough
for you to humiliate me in court. Now you want to put your own
mother in jail. You know he is out of town most of the time. He
won't be back for a month and when he tries to see you we will be
out of town."
    I sobbed knowing she could do that. At best I was at her
mercy for a month.
    "Since you won't ask for one lash apiece. You will get
three.If you scream, you'll get six."
    She brought the thonged whip back behind her and I spun
around to protect my front. I managed not to scream because for
some reason it was not as bad as the belt.
    She picked up the quirt and brought it across both cheeks of
my butt. That was worse! I had to clench my teeth to keep from
screaming when the terrible sting bit into my ass. The third was
the worst. She held the handle against my spine then pulled it
back. It went between my cheeks and the thong at the end bit into
my asshole. I could not help a little scream followed by loud
sobbing.
    She picked up my panties and stuck them in my mouth then gave
me three quick lashes to my butt with the snake. The tip dug into
the side of my hip and I would have screamed in spite of the
threat if I hadn't been gagged.
    I was choking on the gag with tears streaming from my eyes.
She took out the gag to let me gasp until I calmed down.
    She said, "Hey! The guy was right. I didn't hit real hard but
look what that black snake did to your hip."
    I looked down to see three dark red lines that were already
turning blue and whimpered.
    She said, "Imagine how that would feel on something sensitive
like your crotch or nipples."
    The awful thing was that I could imagine it. I had been
playing with myself in the privacy of my room for years and knew
how sensitive my nipples and pussy were. I whimpered, "Oh no,
Nooo. You wouldn't. That would be awful!"
    "Sure I would. Just give me an excuse by not doing anything I
say."
    I was really scared and said, "I won't give you an excuse.
I'll do anything you want. I promise."
    "I hope you break that promise.You know Bill, don't you?"
    I nodded my head. Bill was her latest boyfriend. A scumbag
biker who wore greasy leather pants and jacket who made me
uncomfortable by staring at me as if he could see through my
clothes."
    "He is coming over later."
    I was happy to hear that because I thought that meant I would
be released and allowed to dress. She continued, to dash that
hope.
    "I am afraid he may be losing interest in me and I don't want
to lose him. He has great cocaine. I think you can help me. I
know he likes to spank girls because he made me let him give me a
birthday spanking before I could have my present. Look at it. It
is real gold."
    She held up her wrist to show me a gold bracelet. It looked
heavy and expensive. I told her it was pretty.
    "It is better than pretty it is beautiful. I can get more as
long as I keep him happy."
    "When he gets here if he wants to spank you I want you to say
that you have been naughty and should be punished. If you don't I
will cut yor ass to ribbons with the blacksnake."
    I had no doubt that she would do it and also no doubt he
would want to spank me. The next hour was hell. I stood in the
corner dreading the pain to come and that the first man to see ne
naked would be a scumball. Like most girls I had pictured myself
removing a pretty nightie for my handsome husband. Even if I
escaped tomorrow that fantasy would be ruined because I would be
feeling guilt because he would not be the first.
    The doorbell rang and I pressed myself against the wall to
hide as much as possible.I was relieved when she hung my robe
over my shoulders. It was still embarrassing to be tied to the
corner but at least now I could not be seen naked to make it
worse.
    He saw me right away and said, "What a nice surprise. What is
she doing there?"
    "You saw my daughter, Honey. She has been naughty so she is
standing in the corner."
    "Oh yeah. I remember. She caught us fuckin. I didn't get a
good look because she took off as if someone was shooting at
her."
    Mom laughed and said, "She'll get over that. Here take a good
look. I had to redden her butt a little."
    As she said that she jerked off my robe. I gasped and pressed
into the wall blushing and whimpering.
    He came over and then began squeezing my ass cheeks. I must
have been blushing to my toes but his hands took the sting away
and replaced it with a warm feeling that seemed to travel to my
crotch.
    "I would say you striped it rather than turned it red. She
has a nice firm ass. It can take a lot of spankings but they
should be applied evenly."
    "Mom laughed and said, "I suppose you would like to give her
a birthday spanking with this so you can get her whole butt red."
    She held out the thonged whip to him. When he took it my
whole body shuddered in fear.
    "How old is she?"
    "Fifteen. Her big ass and tits make her look older don't
they?"
    That made him curious and he turned me around to squeeze my
boobs. I blushed and he laughed. "Ah look at that. She is
bashful. She is blushing clear to her nice firm tits."
    He moved his gaze to my eyes and said, "I think I would
rather give you your Mom's birthday spanking. She is thirty-one.
What do you think about that, sweet thing?"
    I remembered what Mom said, I looked away from his prying
eyes and sobbed, "I was naughty. I should be punished."
    He was surprised and pleased by my submissiveness saying,
"Great! I love a girl who knows what she needs. Turn around and
brace yourself."
    I did, clenching my teeth in anticipation of great pain.
    He fooled me! He hit me easy, just causing a little sting and
tingle that began to bring on the same sort of excitement I felt
when I played with my pussy. I felt ashamed my body could become
excited from being spanked by this strange man and was relieved
when he began hitting harder to make the pain kill my excitement.
When he started on my thighs I decided I deserved more pain for
being perverted enough to enjoy the first spanks and spread my
legs a little so he could get to my tender inner thighs. That
relieved my guilt. It really hurt and I gasped with each lash.
    When he finished and turned me around my breasts were heaving
from my hard breathing and my body was glowing from sweat. 
    "That takes care of your back spanking. Should I give you a
nice healthy pink on your front?"
    I panicked and whined, "No! Oh no. That would hurt awful."
    Mom looked at me real mean and said, "Tell the nice man you
would love to have your front all red and tingly. Do it now!"
    I had no doubt Mom would carry out her threat to cut me with
the snake whip so I gulped and said, "Please turn my front red
and tingly."
    "Even though it may hurt awful?"
    I sobbed, "Yes. Do it anyway."
    He began at my mid thighs and slowly worked up making sure
every inch of me reddened but he didn't hit real hard like Mom
had and it just stung and tingled. By the time he got to my
belly-button I was getting real excited and watched in
fascination as the thongs creeped up and finally began making my
boobies dance. I gasped at the sharper pain when he crossed over
my nipples but by then I was so excited I relished it. When he
started back down and my only reaction was panting and moaning he
hit a little harder but the louder slaps and sharper sting just
seemed to add to my excitement. When the thongs got to my pussy
hair he said, "Open your legs. I missed a spot."
    Mom gave me a stern look but I didn't need her threat. I
wanted to feel that sting on my sexiest spot. I spread my legs
and he brought the thongs up right on my slit. I had an orgasm!
No! More than that! I had an orgasm stronger than anything I had
from playing with myself and had another and another while I
pushed out my pussy to meet the thongs. 
    Mom had undressed while I was being spanked. If she had not
knelt in front of him to unzip his pants and pull them down I am
sure he would have raped me but his attention was drawn to her
when she put his big dick in her mouth and began to bob her head
back and forth on it. I had heard of girls doing that but I never
really believed anyone would do it since boys peed out of their
things.
    Then he laid on his back and Mom straddled him to guide his
dick into her pussy. I was amazed! She kept letting herself down
until it was completely buried in her. I had always assumed boys
just put it in a little way like I did my finger. I was sure it
must have been pushing on her stomach but she just squirmed on it
then began lifting and lowering herself on it with a look of
ecstasy on her face. I couldn't help but wonder how that felt. It
was obviously making Mom feel good.  Then she began making
squeals and her face contorted as if she was in pain. I found out
later that it was really hard to tell from watching whether a
person was having great pain or great orgasms but I knew that she
was having an orgasm and I felt suddenly very ashamed. Girls
should have orgasms from making love. We were taught that in Sex
Ed. I thought I must be horribly perverted to have a fantastic
orgasm from being whipped.
    Suddenly she slumped forward giggling and began kissing him.
    They rested awhile then Bill said he was thirsty so she went
to the kitchen to get beer. While she was gone Bill laid on his
back toying with his dick. I stared at his crotch fascinated by
the way it had shrunk and then began to grow while he played with
it while staring at me.
    Mom came back into the room and said, "I guess she is getting
used to being naked. She didn't turn around to hide."
    I didn't know what to do. It seemed a little late to turn
around then and I wanted to keep them in sight to see what would
happen when his dick became completely hard. I compromised by
squeezing my legs together.
    Bill said, "She isn't really naked, you know."
    "What do you mean?"
    "With all that crotch hair she could be a boy with a little
dick."
    Mom giggled and said, "Maybe we should trim her like me."
     She got up and walked over to me. I had never seen her front
view. Her pussy was totally bald! It looked like mine had when I
was six. You could see her pussy lips move when she walked and
she looked really naked.
    She grinned at me and said, "Would you like your pussy to
look like mine, baby. Some men don't like to lick a hairy pussy."
    I thought she was joking. Nobody would want to lick my pussy
and it would make me too naked. I told her it would embarress me.
    She said, Wrong answer. I was just going to shave it but now
I think it shouldn't be as much fun."
    She told Bill to tie my legs apart while she got their
"tools." By the time I was tied nearly in the splits she came
back in with two eyebrow pluckers.
    They took their time grabbing as many hairs at a time as they
could to pull them out slowly making my pussy lips pull way out
then snap back when the hairs came out. It would not have hurt
nearly as much if they had jerked them out as I did my eyebrows
but when I begged them to jerk them out Mom just giggled and
said, "She is in a hurry to get bald."
    I whimpered as I looked between the valley of my boobs to see
my now red lips being pulled way out before the hair gave to let
it snap back only to be pulled out again as the pain built right
up until the roots pulled out.
    Finally it was over. Bill pulled my hips forward while Mom
pinched my nipples to pull my breasts over toward my armpits so I
could see it. The whole area had turned red and it was completely
bald. Bill grinned at me and said "Now you are really naked. It
feels great."
    I was blushing again but it was also exciting to have him run
his fingers over it while Mom giggled and made my tits jump by
jerking on my nipples. It only lasted a minute then Bill told Mom
to get some more beer.
    When she left Bill said my pussy looked sweet then he pulled
the lips apart and put his tongue in it to rub on my clit. I was
shocked that he would do such a disgusting thing but it really
felt good. I felt excitement growing rapidly and was relieved to
know that I could get excited by a gentle tongue as with a whip
when Mom came back and ruined it by yelling, "Quit that! She is
being punished. I don't want her to enjoy anything!"
    Bill sat back to watch me panting and trembling with
excitement. Then said, "Yeah. She is your kid alright she gets
off on that as much as you do. Eating her can be a reward when
she makes us really happy."
    I felt frustrated. If I had been untied I am sure I would
have put my fingers in my pussy to finish even with them
watching.
    They sat back and watched me flexing my stomach muscles and
tightening the muscles in my pussy in a futile effort to maintain
the excitement.
    Bill looked at me fascinated then said, "Jesus she is one
horny bitch. Did you see her cum when I spanked her pussy?"
    Mom said excitedly, " Yes it excited me too but you weren't
hitting hard enough to hurt her. I'll bet it would hurt awfully
if you hit her harder. Let's do it! I'll get the tape for her
mouth."
    "No. Let's test her will power. Honey. If you don't yell I
will just use the thong whip but if you yell we will gag you and
I'll use the quirt."
    I began crying and begged them not to hurt me but he just
said, "Are you going to be quiet or should we gag you now and use
the quirt?"
    I could see they would not change their minds and the quirt
would be terrible. so I sobbed, "I'll try to be quiet. Please
don't hit hard."
    He didn't! He began slapping my pussy with the whip to cause
a small sting that was more exciting than painful. It went on and
on and I began moving my hips to let the thongs hit all over it
then he began hitting harder and I could feel my pussy lips jerk
around and begin to burn. The greater pain just seemed to
increase my excitement and my legs seemed to spread even wider as
if they had a will of their own. Now a thong could actually slip
into my slit but I just moaned with little yips when a thong hit
my clit. I was moving very close to climax when I heard Mom say
excitedly, "That must really hurt. Listen to her moan and try to
move her pussy out of the way."
    Bill said, "I am not so sure of that. Honey. Do you want me
to stop?"
    I was just at that wonderful, terrible, time just before
climax. I moaned, "No! Don't stop. Please don't stop."
    He began hitting faster and harder. Now it really hurt but it
just made me more excited until I went into one orgasm after
another straining to push my pussy out to meet the whip until I
slumped totally exhausted.
    Bill said, "Wow she really got off I'll bet she has never cum
that hard before."
    He was right. My orgasms from using my fingers was nothing in
comparison but I felt terribly ashamed to be so perverted I could
cum from being whipped. I hung there crying in shame while they
fucked again to relieve the excitement I had provided for them.
    They laid on the floor exhausted for awhile Then Mom said, "I
am really beat. All the excitement from whipping her and sex has
made me exhausted. Do you have any "Coke?"
    "Naw I am all out. I might get some tomorrow."
    "Oh shit. I needed the lift. If you bring me some tomorrow
you can do anything you want to Honey."
    "Really? Anything? I thought you were jealous."
    "She is different. I can control her! She isn't like those
sluts that hang around you."
    "Okay. I'll find some coke somewhere. I am beat too. I'll see
you tomorrow."
    He dressed and left. Mom came over and untied my ropes to my
ankles and loosened the ropes to let me down to the floor. I just
felt drained and really wanted to sink into my bed.
    "Please Mom. Let me sleep in my bed tonight. I'll be good. I
promise."
    "I'll make you a deal. Ask me nicely to give you ten lashes
on your tits and I'll let you sleep in your bed until noon."
    I knew that would hurt awful but it seemed worth it to get a
good nights sleep.
    I gulped then said," Please give me ten lashes.. On my
breasts."
    She seemed surprised I agreed then said, "I'll give them to
you slow. If you change your mind you can stop me."
    She had me get on my knees and put my hands behind my head to
push out my breasts. She picked up the quirt! I moaned as I had
hoped she would use the thonged whip. I begged her to use it but
she said that I might like that since it had got me off.
    I trembled in fear when she pressed her fist and the handle
into my belly-button and bent it back. She told me to say "One"
when I gulped and did it the quirt snapped forward to bury itself
in my left tit. I gasped at the pain then she turned it to point
at my right tit and said "Say Two." 
    When I did pain enveloped my right one. The delay while she
slowly aimed and pulled back the thong was killing me. I wanted
to get it over with and began giving the next number as soon as I
was hit to rush her. On the sixth one she adjusted her aim so the
thong hit right on my nipple. That was much worse and I would
have asked her to stop if I had not been over half-way finished.
By the time it was over my nipples were burning and throbbing
while sticking out like little fingers. I sank into my bed
caressing them to try to make them feel better. She had bought
some padded manacles that she locked to my ankle and the bed.
    I laid there caressing my tortured tits suddenly ashamed I
had let her hurt me so much. I was bigger and stronger than her
and with her so close to me with the quirt pressing against my
stomach I could have hit her and tried to knock her out. I didn't
have the nerve to try it because I knew if I failed I would just
be hurt more.
    I just felt awful about myself. I had cooperated with her to
cause terrible pain to my tits and had even cum from having my
pussy hit. I came to the conclusion that I was a terrible slut.
That seemed to release me to begin fingering my clit while
remembering the excitement of having it whipped. I had a nice
orgasm that put me right to sleep.
    I must have been really exhausted. I didn't wake up until
eleven-thirty. I just laid there enjoying my drowsiness caressing
my skin that was back to it's normal color but seemed so much
more sensitive after being whipped until Mom came in to take the
manacle off the bed to put it on my other ankle. The chain was so
short I could just shuffle into the bathroom to pee then shuffle
on into the kitchen where Mom had food on the table. I was
starved and ate ravenously while Mom watched my nude body moving.
    She said, "You do have a great body. You must have inherited
it from your Dad's mother. She had huge tits. Enjoy them while
you can. When you get older they will be sagging down to your
stomach. Mine are smaller and will look good for years."
    "Mom. Why do you hate me so much?"
    "You have ruined my life. I only married your father because
he promised me travel and excitement. When you were born you tore
me up so bad the hospital expenses getting me well broke us. The
only good thing was that I can't have any more kids. It was
always something after that to keep us from travelling and your
Dad got real conservative after that to save for your college.
Even sex became boring because he was afraid we would wake you.
You never showed me any affection. You must have been born a
slut. You only wanted to be held by men. The more you hugged and
cuddled your Dad the more things he got you instead of me. I have
always been jealous. Tell me. Did you fuck him? It was almost
obscene the way you squirmed on his lap. And he gave you baths
when you were much too old for that."
    "No! Daddy loves me. He would never try to have sex with me."
    "I am not so sure. He loved squeezing your butt and having
you run around just wearing panties."
    I began to have my doubts too. He bathed me until I was five
and I remembered how good it felt to have him spend a lot of time
washing my bottom and pussy. I remembered how disappointed I was
when he quit, saying I was getting too old after Mom had yelled
at him about bathing me. I also remembered running around in just
my panties because it would always get me hugs and kisses with
pats and squeezes to my bottom. It just seemed to confirm that I
had always been a slut.
    "You have always been a pain in my ass and I know you told
your Dad I was having affairs."
    I swore I didn't which was true but it was not for her. I was
just afraid he would leave us which, of course, happened.
    "I don't believe you but I might once you covince me you have
no will of your own.  You are going to make it all up to me. I am
going to use you to get anything I want. Since you are going to
be naked most of the time I think you would look better with a
tan. Go out in the backyard under the sun."
    "I don't want to, Mom. Everytime I go out there in my bathing
suit that dirty old man next door seems to know. He peeks at me
from his upstairs window. I noticed because once when I was doing
exercises he whistled and applauded. I felt dirty, like one of
those strippers or something."
    "Well you should get a lot of applause today because you will
be naked. Bill thinks tan lines are ugly."
    Actually I was getting used to being naked and the thought of
being out in the open kind of excited me but I thought I should
protest.
    I hung my head and said, "If I refuse. You will punish me
won't you?"
    "Do you want to be punished? I won't let you get off on it
like Bill did."
    I just wanted an excuse to go out there and show off my body
to the neighbor. I had lied to her. It had made me feel proud and
excited to have him whistle and applaud and I knew if my bathing
suit had excited him, being nude would make him crazy, but I felt
ashamed again being reminded of my perversion and just wanted to
get away from her. "I'll do it. I don't want to be punished."
    I grabbed a blanket and went out to the backyard. Our
backyard should have been private because it had a solid six foot
fence around it Dad had built so I wouldn't run off when I was a
kid. The exception was our neighbor with an attic window. I
glanced up at it and saw he was not there.
    It was a nice day in late May. The sun and warm breezes felt
good on my body. I began to relax and rolled over to tan my front
after putting on my sun glasses. That felt even better. I put my
arms over my head to pull up my breasts to feel the coolness of
my sweat evaporating then opened my legs to feel it there too.
    I suddenly heard a "Shuss." sound. I looked up to see the
widow next door open and the old man looking at me with
binoculars. I flopped back to my stomach to hide. In a few
minutes I decided I was being silly. I was nothing but a slut and
might as well let him have his thrill. It might excite me too.
With my sunglasses on he would not know I was watching his
reactions to my posing.
    I rolled over and put my hands behind my head thinking it
would look like a natural thing and not just a pose I knew would
make my boobs lift and look great. I watched him stick his head
out of the window and frantically adjust the focus to be able to
see every inch of me. I slowly brought up my knees and let my
knees sprad apart until again I felt a coolness on my pussy but
this time not from sweat but from lubricating juices in my pussy
brought on by my excitement.
    I hadn't fooled him. When I opened my legs he began clapping
and yelled. "Wider baby, wider." I spread them until I was sure
my pussy lips had opened. 
    He took his right hand off the binoculars and dropped it
below the window sill out of my sight but I saw his arm moving. I
knew he was stroking his dick. I giggled and wondered if he could
get it hard. He was old! Over fifty.
    Suddenly the backdoor opened and Mom yelled, "Honey! Get your
ass in here!"
    I jumped up and ran inside. When the door was locked behind
me She said angrily, "You are not only a slut but a prick teaser
too! I saw you teasing our neighbor."
    I thought that was totally unfair, She had sent me out there
naked knowing the possibility our neighbor would be watching and
told her so.
    "I sent you out there for a tan and to humiliate you. You
weren't supposed to enjoy it. You won't enjoy this!"
    She dragged me over to our big easy chair and bent me over
the back to tie my wrists to the legs in front and my ankles to
the legs in back. She stuck her fingers in my pussy!
    She pulled them out then said, "Just as I thought! Your pussy
is sopping wet. Only a real slut would get excited showing off
her pussy."
    To add to my guilt and humiliation she wiped her fingers dry
on my lips and nose. Fortunately my pussy juices did not taste
bad because she had me lick her fingers clean with my tongue.
Somehow I felt I deserved the humiliation. If I had been normal I
would not have become wet.
    She stepped behind me and I braced myself for my spanking.
She said, "Are you ready for this?" She showed me the black snake
that frightened me and I begged, "Please don't hit me with that.
I thought I was doing what you wanted."
    "Bullshit! You loved showing off! Admit it!"
    "I guess it did seem exciting but I wouldn't have done it if
you hadn't made me." 
    "The point is it it proved what a little slut you are and
that you deserve to be punished. Isn't that true?"
    I suddenly felt guilty because I knew she was right. "Yes I
guess so. Please don't cut me."
    Just as she was bringing back the whip she said, "I have an
idea that will add humiliation and might make me some money. I
know our neighbor likes to spank. That is why he is divorced."
    She went to the phone. She said, "My daughter needs to be
punished for her slutty behavior. Since you were a witness I
think you should administer the spanking. Do you agree?"
    There was a short pause then she continued, "Fine. We will be
ready for you."
    It was only a few minutes before the doorbell rang. He came
in carrying a thick leather strap about three inches wide and
three feet long. I stared at it fearfully as he said, "I assumed
it would not be a hard spanking so I brought the strap I used to
use on my wife when she got carried away with her credit cards.
It is very effective."
    "I know, but you can't hit her as hard as you did your wife.
She showed me the scars on her ass and stomach when she divorced
you. I don't want Honey scarred unless she really pisses me off."
    "Don't worry. I know how hard I can hit before the skin
tears. My wife was only scarred because she begged me to hit
harder."
    "I know. She said that she was divorcing you because it was
taking so much pain to get off she was afraid she would end up in
a hospital. She said she would get a lash for each dollar she
spent over her limit. Sometimes she got over a hundred lashes.
Since Honey deserves a lot of pain and you like to give it I
think you should pay at the same rate with the bonus of getting
to add the humiliation of fucking her ass. She is a virgin and I
am saving her pussy for something special."
    I began to cry. My own mother was selling me. Now I was not
only a slut I was a whore as well."
    Our neighbor said, "I really appreciate this. I haven't
spanked anyone since my wife left. Since I get the bonus of
fucking her ass I will double the stakes and give you a hundred
for fifty spanks."
    Mom grinned and took the money. I was sure I would pass out
before the spanks were over and hoped for it. I knew my asshole
was tiny from wiping it after going to the bathroom and was sure
it would be torn apart if he really put his dick in it. 
    He stepped to my side and began squeezing and pinching my
asscheeks while saying, "She has a great firm ass. It will take a
lot of punishment."
    "Yes but be careful on her inner thighs they are a lot more
tender."
    I began sobbing in earnest. I was sure that thick belt would
really hurt on my butt it would even be worse on my tender
thighs. I thought Mom was really mean, He may have spanked only
my butt if she had not said anything about my thighs. My only
hope was that I would pass out or my butt would get numb. By
adding my thighs it would not get numb and my only hope was
passing out.
    He said, "Yes and that will force screams. I brought this
gag. It is simple but effective."
    He pushed my cheeks into my teeth to force my mouth open and
pushed a rubber ball in my mouth. It stretched my jaws and stuck
behind my front teeth. I probably could not have spit it out even
without the straps he tied behind my head.
    He really hit hard causing way too much pain to be excited by
it. He never hit the same place twice so my nerves could go numb
and I found out that with my head down I couldn't pass out. When
he had made my whole butt red he began on my upper thigh with the
tip hitting the inner thigh so close to my pussy it would jump as
the skin compressed oh so close to it. The pain and fear he might
actually hit my pussy would not let me get excited. It seemed
endless although I know it could not have lasted over a couple of
minutes.
    They let me calm down with my butt and thighs on fire while
they watched and talked about me. He took the gag out of my mouth
and unzipped his pants to pull out his hard dick.
    "For your own good you had better get this wet and slick with
your spit."
    When I hesitated Mom said, "Do it unless you want to feel
that strap on your pussy."
    The idea scared me to death. I opened my mouth and he slid in
his dick until it choked me then told me to use my tongue to get
him wet to his balls. I did it causing his dick to get even
harder then he went behind me and grabbed my hips to drive his
dick into my tiny asshole. I was sure he would tear the skin as
it stretched bigger than it ever had even when I was
constipated.It hurt at first but then I relaxed my muscles and it
slid easier. It began to feel good, especially when he began
using his hands to play with my nipples and clit. He took a long
time to cum and in spite of all the pain I went into orgasms that
increased when he used my nipples to help pull him inside me.
    After he came he came back in front of me and told me to
clean off his dick with my mouth and tongue. It was gross. it was
covered with his slimy cum and my shit. I whined and moaned but I
knew better than refuse and at least I didn't have to swallow it.
    He zipped up his pants then left telling Mom he would be back
when I needed more punishment or she needed money.
    This time the pain did not go away soon. The heavy strap made
the pain go deep and my ass hole felt torn. I cried and moaned so
long Mom told me to take a cool bath.
    That helped a lot and it gave me time to think. I was
relieved that I was not perverted enough to become excited by the
terrible pain of the strap but ashamed that I had enjoyed the
butt fucking especially since I knew that was called sodomy and
the church thought it was a terrible sin. Thinking just made me
feel more guilty. I could have avoided the beating and the
sodomy. I could have climbed our fence and run away instead of
showing off. It would have been embarressing to run down the
street naked but there would have been no pain and Mom would be
arrested by the police so she could never hurt me again. Then I
remembered one of the girls at school had been hit by a wood
switch by her Father so long and hard her butt had bled. She had
snuck out at night and ran to a cop but he had just brought her
home. Her Dad told the cop he had caught her smoking pot and the
cop just said that he guessed she deserved it and that if more
parents controlled their kids we would not have so many drug
problems. Rather than being helped she was switched every day for
a week for telling on him.
    If I had run away I would have only had tiny bruises to show
and I am sure Mom would have told them I did something terrible
to deserve it. That still did not make any difference because I
knew I could have run to one of my friends to borrow clothes and
money to get away. Even worse I had orgasms from being fucked in
my ass by the same man who had hurt me so badly. I shouldn't have
enjoyed it.
    Even after the cool bath my butt and thighs were still dark
red with purple welts. While I was looking at them in the mirror
I suddenly remembered my ordeal was not over. Bill would be
coming over and he would probably want to spank my pussy again.
    I had mixed feelings about that. It had hurt but it had also
given me a fantastic orgasm. I felt guilt but also excitement at
the prospect. I gave in to the excitement and knelt on the
bathroom floor to caress my pussy. Just as my excitement was
peaking the door opened!
    Mom walked in looking shocked then amused, "Jesus! You are
just a sex crazed animal. I was actually feeling a little guilty
for selling you but you can get off on anything. That's great
because you can earn your keep."
    "Mom!" I cried, "You don't understand!"
    She watched as I rubbed my wet fingers dry on my thigh and
said "Well?" obviously awaiting my explanation.
    I couldn't explain why orgasms let me forget or ignore pain
so I just hung my head and said, "Nothing. I guess you are
right."
    She grinned at me triumphantly and said, "Good. You know what
you are so I expect no further arguments. I'll try to make sure
you get orgasms as well as pain."
    She told me to go take a nap so I would be fresh for Bill.
Rather than frighten me, I was excited remembering Bill did not
try to hurt me badly. I played with myself until I went to sleep.
    Mom woke me then said since I was an animal I should have
obedience training. She put a dog collar and leash around my neck
and began leading me around on my hands and knees teaching me to
"Heel" by kepping my head close to her legs while she moved
around. If I fell behind or got in front of her when she changed
speed she would hit my sore butt with the quirt. When I could
stay with her in spite of sudden turns or stops she taught me to
beg by getting up on my knees with my hands by my shoulders with
my boobs pushed out. If my boobs were not pushed out enough the
quirt would hit the underside of them which really hurt.
    Finally she taught me to play dead by flopping on my back
with my legs spread looking obscene. She reminded me I was dead
then hit my tummy. When I arched in reaction she said, "Naughty
dog!" and hit me twice more. She told me if I moved when hit I
would get two more until I could do it or was unconscious. It
took a lot of willpower and I was hit several more times before I
could take a lash with only a quiver.
    The door bell rang and she led me over to it and said, "Beg"
    I got into position and she opened the door to reveal Bill.
He obviously enjoyed my submissive position then laughed and
said, "What is this all about?"
    Mom said, "This is our puppy. I have been giving her
obedience training. Isn't she cute? Her tummy is red because I
had to hit it a lot with the quirt before she would play dead."
    "Yes. I see you have got her over her embarressment too. She
isn't blushing or hanging her head anymore."
    That was true. I was staring at his crotch to see if it
excited him to see me this way. I was sure if he was excited he
would not hurt me much before fucking me. Maybe even my pussy
instead of my asshole. There was a definite bulge but I knew it
would have to get harder to fuck me and men only got hard from
hurting me.
    I thought there might be an alternative. Our neighbor really
seemed to like it when I put his dick in my mouth. I reached out
and pulled the zipper down on his pants. He wasn't wearing shorts
so his dick popped out and I licked it while looking up to see if
he liked it. He just looked irritated!
    "Hey! What is this. You said she was an obedient puppy. Nice
doggies don't jump on people and lick them."
    Mom agreed, "Naughty doggie! Now you will have to be
punished."
    "Nooo.. It's not fair. I just wanted him to like me. I'll be
obedient. You'll see!"
    At least Bill felt sorry for me. "She has a point. I think if
she is real good for light punishment we may not have to really
hurt her."
    "I will! I will! I'll be good! Give me light punishment.
Please!"
    I meant it! If anyone told me a few days ago I would beg for
pain I would have thought they were crazy but I wanted it now.
Not terrible pain our neighbor had given but exciting pain that I
knew Bill could do for me.
    He walked behind me then said, "Jesus! What happened to her
ass. It is solid purple."
    Mom told him what had happened and that I had earned a
hundred dollars.
    "I have to give you credit. You proved she is so used to
being nude she wants to show off her body and get paid to have
her punished more than you have the nerve to do yourself. We can
use her exhibitionism and since you are willing to sell her I
know a man who would be willing to pay to whip her."
    "Great! She deserves it and I need the money."
    "For now I think I will just spank her pussy until she is
real excited then fuck that sweet pussy. Would you like that,
Honey?"
    I would not have to feel guilty for that. My pussy is where
girls should be fucked. I said excitedly, "Yes. Oh yes. Spank me
until you are excited too."
    But Mom said, "Wait a minute. She is a virgin. I know. I
stuck my fingers in her pussy and her cherry is intact. That is
worth something special. Where is the cocaine you promised me?"
    "I've got the cocaine. Are you going to sell her to me now?"
    "Hell yes. The object was to use her to get you excited to
fuck me. Since you want to fuck her instead of me you'll just
have to pay."
    "I want to fuck both of you."
    "That isn't good enough. If you will fuck only me it will be
free."
    "Ah shit! Here is your fucking coke. I planned to give it to
you anyway."
    I know it is weird now but at the time I was really proud
that I excited him enough to pay for me when he could fuck her
free.
    He was really mad at her. I hoped he would not take it out on
me. Mom ran over to the coffee table to scrape the white powder
into lines then rolled up a dollar bill to suck the coke into her
nose. I asked him if he was going to join her because she got a
look of ecstasy on her face after snorting a couple of lines.
    "I sell that shit, Honey. I don't use it. I know what it does
to people. In a month your Mom will do anything to get more of
it. If you are good I will let you get even with her for letting
your neighbor hurt you so much."
    He lifted my hands over my head and had me turn slowly so he
could admire my body. As I turned he complimented me on my nice
breasts, flat tummy, and cute round butt. I felt proud and happy
that he lked me so much and I could see I excited him by the
growing bulge in his leather pants.
    "Your butt is really bruised. Is the strap he used the worst
thing used on you?"
    I thought about it and then said, "It was awful but mainly
because he hit me so many times. The quirt is the worst. It seems
to cut deep to hurt more."
    "I am going to give you a fantastic orgasm but first I want
to test your courage and obedience. Lay over the dining room
table and ask me to give you six spanks on your bruised butt with
the quirt. The whip that hurts the most."
    "Oh that will really hurt. Why do you want to hurt me? I
haven't done anything to you."
    "I know. This is a test. I want you to ask me to hurt you
only to show me that you are willing to obey."
    I had to think about that for a moment. Pain had been forced
on me before, now he was telling me to ask for it with the
promise of orgasms later. I would no longer be a victim. I would
be a willing participent.
    I excused myself by deciding, even though he had not
threatened, that if I refused he might do something worse. That
relieved my conscience amd I asked him to give me the six spanks.
He wasn't satisfied until I kneeled in front of him and begged,
"Please give me six spanks with the quirt. Do it hard so I can
prove I am willing to obey."
    It was awful but I managed to take them without moving out of
position and just screaming through my clenched teeth. 
    He lifted my tear stained face and kissed me saying, "I am
proud of you baby. You are really brave. I love you."
    I sobbed, "I love you too. It is alright for you to hurt me."
    I must have gone a little crazy. I really meant what I said.
If he had asked me to hold out my breasts or open my legs for six
more to my most sensitive places I would have done it no matter
how much it would have hurt.
    Fortunately he must have decided I had been hurt enough
because he went behind me and pulled my legs apart to force his
big dick in my pussy. There was a sharp pain when he ripped open
my cherry but from then on it felt wonderful and kept getting
better.
    He could last a long time. After fucking me from behind until
I had my first orgasm he laid on the floor so I could straddle
his dick and bounce on it while he pinched my nipples and
squeezed my breasts until I had another. He finished with the
missionary style. I used that opportunity to bounce my sore butt
on the hard floor to bring on the pain to get the real orgasm. I
held his sweaty body against me exhausted but elated. I thought
he was just wonderful to let me have orgasms after the, what I
considered, tiny punishment. I was really grateful and thought he
could protect me from Mom. I asked him if he would live with us
but Mom said she thought Bill was getting too attached to me and
that it would be better to keep things the way they were. She
told him he could come over any time he had cocaine.
    Evidentally "Coke" was expensive or hard to get because his
visits began coming further apart. Mom thought I was not trying
hard enough to please him and began training me to beg for
whipping on my most sensitive places.
    The first time he loved it when I would kneel and beg him to
whip my breasts but later he said it took a lot of the fun out of
it since I was so willing. He was right, kind of, it hurt but he
didn't hit really hard and it just seemed to help get me excited
for him to fuck me.
    When he didn't come back for four days Mom got desperate for
her drugs. Bill didn't have a phone so she decided to see if she
could find another source. To do this she needed money.
    She sent me out into the backyard naked to entice our
neighbor. I reminded her that the last time I did it he had just
enjoyed the show without coming over but she said that this time
I would get him too excited to stay home.
    She gave me my boombox with a rock tape I used for aerobics
and the thong whip. She told me to go out in the backyard and
dance naked while hitting myself with the whip in time with the
music.
    That really sounded perverse. I had always had the excuse of
being forced to accept the whipping even to the point of being
tied. Now I was being asked to cause my own pain and thought if I
did that I would be completely admitting that I was crazy.
    "I don't think I can do that. I would be telling him I liked
being whipped."
    "Would you rather have me do it? I will use the snake whip
and there is a lot of beats to your songs."
    God there would be hundreds. Actually I was relieved by the
threat because it excused me to do it and I was excited to see if
I could get him excited enough to pay for me. Mom had called him
once and told me that he had been too cheap to pay the minimum
two hundred dollars she asked for.
    "No. I'll do it if I have to."
    "Good girl. You don't have to hit yourself hard. Just enough
to make a little noise when it hits you and you only have to hit
your butt and thighs."
    I went out to the center of the yard and turned on the music
then stood there fondling the thongs of the whip already excited
until I saw his window open.
    It opened just as the second song started. I began dancing
while swinging the whip around to let the ends hit my butt and
thighs with a small "Snap!" and sting. By the time the song was
half through I was panting and covered with a sheen of sweat from
the excitement. As my excitement grew I could hit harder then
found if I brought the handle real close to my side the thongs
could go clear around me to snap into my inner thighs, stomach
and finally by the next song I was excited enough to let it hit
on my boobs and even across my pussy.
    That did it for him as I saw him get up and leave the window
but by then I was so close I kept hitting myself until I fell to
the grass twitching in orgasm.
    A couple of minutes later Mom came out and led me back to the
house where he was waiting for me.
    I was so tired from the exertion and orgasm I was wobbling a
little and he was not pleased.
    "This isn't going to be any good. She is exhausted. She won't
be able to appreciate the pain."
    "Don't worry. She is young and tough. A shower and a little
rest will make her good as new. While she is doing that we can
decide what you want to do to her and what it is worth."
    The shower felt wonderful. I washed off the sweat covering my
body then just laid down in the tub letting the warm spray soothe
me while I dozed.
    A little later Mom came in and said, "What is this? I want
you wide awake. You are in for a wild experience."
    She turned off the hot water to make it full cold then kept
me in it until I was wide awake and shivering.
    She dried me off then led me into the living room where thin
ropes were hanging from our ceiling fan and other ropes were
coming from the legs of our heavy overstuffed couch and chair at
opposite ends of the room.
    "Jim has an interesting way to tie you. His wife was not
flexible enough to do it properly but I know you can."
    She went over and picked up a magazine and showed me a full
page picture of a naked woman. You could almost hear the moans
from her tear stained face from the pain of her bondage. Her legs
were pulled apart till she was almost in a split with her butt
about a foot off the floor. Her hands were tied behind her back
and she was held upright by ropes tied tightly around the base of
her breasts. Her boobs looked like grapefruit only a maroon
color. 
    I am very flexible and can easily do the splits but this was
much worse because when you do the splits you are resting on the
floor. Having to stay a foot off the floor put a lot of strain on
my legs but I had no choice because of the rope around my tits
which were throbbing immediately from the pressure of the ropes
making them into hard balls. If I let myself down even a little I
created pain to my boobs and the ropes to my ankles would not let
me lift higher to take off the pressure. In just a few moments
tears were running down my face and I was begging them to let me
loose but this was to be just the start of my ordeal.
    He picked up a willow switch that normally would not be too
bad but my position let him put every lash of the fifty he bought
directly on my nipples or on my clitoris left exposed by the
gaping lips of my pussy. It made it worse to have my boobs
compressed into hard balls because they could not absorb the
switch. It would just bounce off the stretched skin. Each lash
hurt so much I would have to flinch causing more pain to my
swollen boobs and aching legs.
    When he finished the fifty I was hoarse from screaming and
could only make croaking sounds then he said "That was great! She
is really tough! My wife would pass out by thirty. Maybe I'll buy
fifty more."
    I panicked and moaned, "No! No more. I'll do anything."
    Mom said "We will see about that."
    I didn't take that as a threat. I was just grateful to be
released and allowed to get into a warm tub to soak my sore leg
muscles and aching boobs. My ordeal had been so bad I thought I
might die. I was amazed to find I only had a redness around my
nipples and rings of purple at the base of my tits. It had hurt
so much I had been sure I must have been cut. 
    I must have gone to sleep in the tub. When I woke up the
water was cold so I got out and dried off but I stayed in the
bathroom dreading what else could happen to me. I spent the time
inspecting my body in the mirror. The red around the edges of my
nipples had gone away but they were still sticking out and real
sensitive. He had been real accurate with the switch. There was
not a single mark on my pussy lips but when I pulled them open
the normal pink was now red and my clitoris was real sensitive.
    Mom called me and I went out to the kitchen. I was surprized
he was still there as I had assumed my ordeal was over.
    They were sitting at the table naked looking at pictures
spread out on the table and idly fondling each other's private
parts.
    When I looked at the pictures I realized Mom had taken them
of me with her instant camera. She had taken several so she could
catch the switch as it ripped into my nipples or was buried in
the open gash of my pussy. Seeing them reminded me of the
terrible pain and I began to cry.
    Mom said. "What's the matter, Baby. Didn't you get off on
this?"
    "No! No-one could. It was terrible. Please don't ever do it
again. I'll do anything if you won't.
    "I'll hang these pictures on your wall so you will be
reminded of that promise. You might have even got off on it if we
had got you excited by lesser pain to work you up to it."
    "No. I don't think I could ever get excited enough to stand
it."
    "Well if you don't obey we will find out."
    I looked over at Jim. He looked exhausted. Even though Mom
and I were both naked his dick was soft and shriveled.
    Mom caught me looking at his dick and giggled, "You got me so
excited I almost fucked Jim into a coma. But you must be
disappointed. I imagine you would enjoy some nice sex after your
ordeal as a reward."
    That wasn't true. What I really wanted was to be alone in my
room away from these monsters who had become excited at my
expense.
    "No. That's okay." Then I added sarcastically, "I am just
glad I could get you both so excited."
    She misunderstood my sarcasm.
    "Oh you are disappointed. I will make you a deal. If you can
get him hard in ten minutes you can fuck him. If not we will hang
you up again and try Jim's idea of using a rose branch on you."
    The thought of rose thorns beating into my tightly bound
breasts and open pussy made me feel sick. I rushed over to him
and began fondling his dick and balls with my fingers but there
was no response. I began using my mouth and tongue which made it
lengthen a little but not nearly hard enough to get it into my
tight pussy. I resigned myself to the fact that the only thing
that would really excite him was hurting me and anything would be
better than being bound again to be whipped with thorns. I looked
up at him and said, "Please whip me."
    I knew I was on the right track by the way his dick made a
little twitch and lengthened more.
    "What part of your body should I whip and with what?"
    I was afraid my time was running out after all the time I had
spent fondling and sucking him so I didn't want to start a long
discussion.
    "Anywhere you want with anything except the rose branch. As
long as you quit when you get hard or my time runs out."
    "Alright. Get me the snake whip."
    I cursed myself for not suggesting the thong whip but I was
committed now so I went to get it then knelt to hand it to him. I
was still not sure how much time I had so I begged, "Please don't
take the time to tie me. I promise I will stay still for you."
    Mom said,"If she does we will have an excuse to hang her up
by her tits. Remember that whip will cut. Don't hit too hard."
    I was grateful for that and the fact just the thought of
hanging me by my tits made his dick twitch and lengthen a little
more.
    He had me kneel sideways to him wth my arms crossed on top of
my head for a tit whipping. This lifted my breasts and it struck
me that it looked as if they were begging to be hit. I braced
myself for the first lash but to my astonishment it was not
nearly as bad as I imagined. My breasts being loose were able to
absorb the whip and although it hurt I found I was watching it
sink into me leaving red welts totally enthralled at the way they
moved as the pain seemed to radiate directly to my crotch. Even
when the lash came across both nipples I just gasped as an almost
electric shock hit my clitoris. I became so excited that when he
told me to change position to lie on my back with my knees up and
spread with my head betwen his legs I did not protest even though
looking up I could see his dick was completely ridgid.
    I found I was lifting my hips to meet the lash and moving my
pussy from side to side to make sure every inch would be hit. 
    The pain was terrible, especially when it sank into my open
slit to hit both my pussy and asshole but the more it hurt the
more excited I got until I started into a series of orgasms.
    Mom stopped him at that point saying, "Your dick can't get
any harder."
    He got between my legs and drove his dick deep into my pussy
but to my amazement it did not increase my excitement it just
felt good and although he lasted quite awhile since he had cum
before I did not get another orgasm.
    When he came he just collapsed on me and I thought he might
have had a heart attack but when Mom rolled him off me he moaned,
"God! I won't need to cum again for a month."
    Mom told me to go to bed and after two whippings and sex I
should have dropped right off to sleep but my mind was racing.
What had I become? When I was little I would cry for hours over a
few hand spanks on my pantie clad bottom. Now I had become so
perverted that I had asked for a whipping and had held my
position with no bonds while that nasty whip welted my body. To
make it worse I had been brought to a fantastic orgasm that was
obviously much more exciting than the fucking that followed.
    She gave me the pictures she had taken with instructions to
tape them on my wall next to my bed to remind me what could
happen if I didn't obey. 
    The last pictures she had taken were on top. Unlike the
pictures with my tits tied these just excited me. As I looked at
the pictures my nipples and clit began to tingle. They didn't
produce the effect of fear she wanted at all. I marvelled at my
bravery to be able to kneel with my breasts pushed out to feel
the whip biting into me and actually lifting my hips to absorb
lashes on my pussy I knew that would make Mom or anyone I knew
scream and try to escape. I began to feel very proud and thought
I looked so sexy naked being whipped that any man, even a movie
or rock star would go crazy with desire seeing me. Mom obviously
enjoyed being fucked and I knew that down deep she had to be
grateful to me for getting our neighbor so excited he was able to
fuck her more than once.
    She proved that the next morning by bringing me breakfast in
bed. While I ate it she went on and on about how awesome I was to
be able to take the pain of the snake whip without trying to
escape and even lifting my pussy to let him get to all of it.
"You should be grateful I stopped him when I saw you were in
terrible pain." 
She obviously did not realize that I was brought to orgasm by it
and I thought it was best she didn't know in fear that she might
do something really terrible to make sure I was being punished
rather than excited.
    She actually felt sorry for me.
    "Honey, I could tell you didn't get off when Jim fucked you.
You must have been too exhausted from the whipping. When Bill
shows up I'll make sure you get off since the reward I had
planned in having Jim fuck you didn't work out. The bastard tried
to cheat us. He hit you long after he was hard but I made him pay
for it. Get up and we will buy you some clothes with the extra
money."
    I put on my cotton panties and bra with my baggy sweater and
long skirt. I had been naked for so long it seemed strange to be
so fully covered. I had also become vain from the compliments on
my nude body so it was a disappointment to walk down the street
completely un-noticed by men.
    We went to expensive stores indicating I had made a lot of
money and it was obvious the clothes I would get had to be sexy,
not just pretty. For recreational use she bought tiny short-
shorts that exposed the bottom of my butt cheeks and my tummy way
below my navel, then she picked out half-shirts of white cotton
or spandex that barely covered the bottom of my boobs only as
long as I kept my arms down. My blouses were sheer, skin tight,
or both. She bought three mini-skirts of leather, spandex and a
stretchy white cotton like a t-shirt. I was anxious to wear them
to see if men would still ignore me on the street but she had me
put my frumpy clothes back on telling me that I would have to get
underwear that didn't leave lumps and lines before I could wear
them.
    We went to a store that specialized in sexy underwear. It had
large dressing rooms and by voices on both sides of me it was
obvious that men were in them to choose lingerie for their wives
or girl friends. 
    I didn't feel guilty about wanting to show off my body when
the salesgirl came in and opened her robe to show a tiny bra and
panty set in red. I thought they were pretty but Mom had
something definite in mind. She told me to undress while she went
out with the sales girl to pick out some things.
    I was standing naked awkwardly wondering what to do with my
hands when they came in to try on a series of tiny bras and
panties that were simply little triangles that barely covered the
lips of my pussy and nipples. The salesgirl lifted and squeezed
my boobs then said, "Oh good. They are really firm, that helps to
keep the triangle from moving around and the material is flexible
enough to let the little bumps show in her blouse when her
nipples are excited. See?"
    At that she pinched and pulled at my nipples until they stood
out then smoothed the material over my pussy at each change.
Naturally all the touching of my private parts was getting me
excited.
    Mom settled on two sets of white transparent silk and a silk
gauze. I asked her why I bothered to wear anything since my
nipples and my tight slit showed perfectly through the material.
    "I think men like a little bit of mystery but you might be
right. I wish we had a man here to give his opinion."
    The salesgirl said, There is a customer outside who buys a
lot of things from us. He should be a good judge."
    "Yes. Get him."
    "Mom. This is embarressing I am almost naked."
    "Are you arguing with me?"
    "No Mam." 
    Actually the idea increased my excitement I just thought I
should make some protest in front of the girl so I would not look
like the slut I was.
    A very distinguished older man came in. His eyes widened and
he smiled at me making me proud of his approval. He also came
over and fondled my boobs agreeing with the sales girl that they
were firm enough to keep the triangles in place.
    "I think you have made a perfect choice except possibly the
color. Her nipples are a very pale pink and her vagina is nearly
as white as the material. It might be better if she got a little
tan and her nipples given some color. I'll show you what I mean.
Tina bring me the swatter."
    Tina rushed out to return with a thing that looked like a
miniture fly swatter. It had a flexible fibreglas rod with a
piece of leather on the end shaped like a heart.
    He came over to me and said, "This won't hurt much it will
just give you a little color. Should I demonstrate."
    I was so excited I hoped it would. I just gave a little moan
and nodded my head.
    He took off my bra and told me to put my hands behind my back
and stand perfectly still so I would not spoil his aim. 
    He snapped the heart shaped tip on one nipple after the other
while I watched them sink in to my breasts in the mirror to pop
back out a litlle redder and stiffer with each sharp sting. He
lied about not hurting but it was a delicious hurt and I trembled
as my excitement moved to a peak but just as I was close he
stopped to turn to Mom to say, "See how that makes her nipples
delightfully stiff and a deep pink. Should I touch up her vaginal
area?"
    Before she could answer I panted "Yes! Oh yes! Make it red."
    He smiled at my obvious excitement and pulled down my panties
to hit the area that would have been covered by the triangle over
and over until I was at the terrible part just before climax. He
stopped! 
    "Yes that is much nicer her vagina now matches the color of
her nipples."
    I felt totally frustrated being so close and moaned, "No,
don't stop. Make it red! The nipples too."
    He smiled and began hitting much harder. I was soon in a
series of orgasms so strong my strength left me and I slipped to
the floor.
    He said, "That seems sufficient." then he gave Mom a card
saying, "She is delightful. Give me a call if you would not mind
having her introduced to other exciting episodes."
    As soon as he and Tina left she pulled me to my feet and told
me to get dressed as we were leaving as soon as she paid for my
things. I felt dazed but had the prescence of mind to suggest she
buy a swatter too.
    "No way! You like that too much."
    She had not brought in my new clothes and had taken the bra
and pantie sets with her so I just put on my baggy clothes. I
dropped my old bra and panties into a waste basket since they now
seemed ugly and I wanted to feel my sensitive nipples moving
against my sweater. 
    When she came back I was idly rubbing my wool sweater over my
now really sensitive nipples. She was angry.
    "You are such a slut! If you had not volunteered I could have
made him pay plenty to spank your pussy. You let him do it for
nothing!"
    "Mom! I thought I was doing what you wanted. You had him come
in. Besides he made me so excited with the swatter I probably
would have paid him to do my pussy!"
    "Well we may still have a chance. Even though he remained
cool I know you got him excited because he rushed Tina into a
backroom. I'll let him simmer a few days and then call the number
on his card to see if there is any fantasy he would like to act
out with you and what he will pay."
    I was looking forward to it. Except for the delays the man
had done a perfect job of working me into orgasm.
    When we got home the phone was ringing. When Mom hung up she
was real excited. It was Bill and he had told her he was on his
way back from San Diego with some great coke and I could earn her
some. The bad news was that he didn't want to see a mark on my
body so I could be ready for anything.
    The next two days were Hell for me. Mom kept my hands
handcuffed behind my back so I couldn't masturbate but that did
not stop my mind from dwelling on the great orgasms I received
from Bill. I was so horny by the time he arrived I would have
agreed to anything if there was any possibility it could get me
off. I had become as addicted to orgasms as Mom had cocaine.
    When Bill came I was in my short-shorts and halfshirt that
bared my flat tummy from just below my boobs clear to the top of
my pussy hair if I had any.
    I hoped he would be turned on by the sight of me but he just
said I looked great and then told Mom we had a date with a man
with special tastes.
    I was disappointed but relieved that finally something
exciting would happen to me. I should have known it would be bad
when he said one of the gang-girls had gone last time but didn't
want to do it again. He went on to say.
    "It will be better with Honey anyway. He likes girls to look
as young as possible. Wash off her make-up and put her hair into
a pony-tail. It doesn't matter what she wears because he has a
costume for her. We'll pick up an elastic bandage to make her
tits smaller. It pays good. Two hundred. You'll be able to get
plenty of coke.""
    Mom had me strip then washed off the rouge she had put on my
nipples and the eye-shadow and lipstick. She already had an
elastic bandage that dad had used when he sprained his knee.
    When my makeup was off and my tits were compressed to my
chest wall she decided that I didn't need many clothes since I
would have to change anyway so she just slipped on one of my
school dresses.
    When we got to his house Bill told us to go into a bedroom
and dress in the costume on the bed. I was anxious to see the
sexy costume I would wear and was disappointed to see a school
uniform consisting of a navy blue jumper, a white blouse, white
knee socks with patent leather slippers and cotton pantie that
came down to mid-thigh. It was not sexy at all. I just looked
childish, about nine years old with my by now throbbing boobs so
flat.
    Bill came in and said, "She looks great. Just the way he will
like her. Honey, this is the deal. You have been a naughty girl
at school and have to go to the principal's office for a
spanking. All he will want to do is spank. You should have no
problem with your firm round butt."
    "How many spanks will he give me?"
    "I guess that is up to you. He will quit when he is horny
enough for sex."
    I hoped he would have me strip because I couldn't think of
anything I could do to get him horny with my body so covered up.
    He placed me in front of a door with a little plaque saying.
"Principal's Office" and told me to knock on the door.
    At my knock a nasty voice said, "Come in!" I took a breath
and opened the door. The man was my school principal!
    He had really complained when the school district stopped
corporal punishment to substitute detention. Now I knew he was
not upset because the kid's would no longer have self-discipline.
He got off on swatting them!
    He didn't seem to recognize me which was not too surprising
since I had kind of faded into the background at school and never
needed punishment.
    He stood up and said. "You have been a naughty girl. I
consider cheating on tests a terrible offence because you are
cheating your teacher, your class by raising the grade curve and
yourself by not learning the lesson."
    He had me lean over a corner of the desk then put leather
straps at the far corners to hold me in position.
    He showed me a big leather strap and said, "This is for your
teacher."
    I waited for him to pull up my skirt and pull down my panties
but he didn't. 
    He began hitting my butt so hard he grunted at each one. My
clothes did not help much. The heavy strap dug into my butt to
cause deep pain rather than the sting on bare skin. I don't know
how many times he hit me. I hurt so much I lost count after
thirty. The clothes and the fact that all the spanks hit the
roundest part of my butt with none close to my pussy made it
impossible for me to get excited to ignore the pain.
    Then he picked up a thick, long wood paddle and said "This is
for the class."
    I knew then that I would be getting three sessions and began
to sob louder and fight my bonds. He flipped up my skirt and I
hoped the sight would excite him until I remembered how big and
loose they were. The paddle made a loud "Splat!" with even more
pain as it hit my panties soaked with my sweat from fighting my
bonds. The paddle was so heavy it made my body lurch forward
sliding my pussy on the corner of the desk. Even this stimulation
would not let me ignore the pain. I managed to keep from
screaming because I had been taught to be quiet but I realized it
was a mistake when he finally dropped the paddle and picked up a
heavy wood walking cane because he said, "This is for you. You
are tough judging by the way you do not scream but I think this
will do it."
    He jerked down my panties and I felt coolness on my sweaty
butt. It was a relief but not for long.
    That cane was the worse thing that had ever happened to me.
It seemed to bury itself in my swollen butt to hit my pelvic
bone. I screamed but that just made him laugh and say,"Now I am
getting to you!"
    He kept hitting lower until I felt a searing hot burn across
my pussy lips that had pooched out between my legs.I screamed and
strained to staighten up as much as possible to bring it back
between my legs but he wouldn't have that. He pushed down on my
back to make it pooch out again and put blow after blow across my
thighs just at the bottom of my butt to cause burns on my tender
thighs and swelling pussy lips. I screamed until I was so hoarse
and exhausted I just laid there shuddering at each blow from the
cane.
    Just before I was about to pass out he walked in front of me
and said, "Do you think you can be a good, obedient girl now?"
    I moaned, "Yes. Yes I'll be good. Please. Please don't hit me
anymore."
    At that he unzipped his fly to pull out a gnarly, fat, red
dick with grey pubic hair. There was a drip of snot-like stuff
coing out of the pee slit and I was sure I would gag when he told
me to open my mouth.
    He even made that unsexy by grabbing my hair and jerking my
head into him to make me gag when the head went down my throat.
It was not a regular blow-job that gave me some control. He was
just fucking my face. As an added insult when he finally came he
pulled out his dick to shoot cum in my eyes and face.
    Even that was not enough humiliation for him. He scraped off
his cum with his fingers and pushed them in my mouth to suck them
clean. He untied me then told me to stand in the corner and hold
up my skirt so he could see the damage I had caused to my
buttocks by being so naughty.
    I felt awful. It was true. I had caused all the pain I had
suffered by being willing to come here. I convinced myself that I
deserved nothing but pain and humiliation for being such a slut.
    I heard "Clicks," and "Whirs" behind me and realized he was
taking pictures of my tortured butt with a camera like Mom's.
    It seemed fitting. I hoped he would show them to everyone to
let them know how a slut should be punished.
    That seemed to satisfy him and he pulled my panties up over
my tortured butt and told me to go back to class.
    Mom and Bill met me and took off my uniform. they seemed
shocked at the sight of my butt and were relieved when I said
some of the pain was going away.
    My bottom was so sore and swollen I didn't want my tight
clothes on it so Mom just put a coat on me and I laid on my
stomach on the back seat to ride home.
    Amazingly as I rode the pain changed to a throb that excited
my clitoris and I began to rub it. I began to moan as I approched
climax and Bill looked over the seat. Even though the coat
covered me it was obvious to him what I was doing. He said,
"Jesus Christ! She is unbelievable! Her butt is solid purple and
the pain must be terrible but she is playing with herself and
getting off!"
    Mom said, "Good. I was feeling a little guilty about putting
her through that session. Now we know she can take even more pain
than I thought."
    I wanted to tell them that the session was too much and had
been just misery but by then I was in full orgasm and could only
moan.
    I was so exhausted from the session and the orgasm they just
carried me to my bed and put some salve on my butt. Just before I
went to sleep I heard Mom squealing and realized Bill was fucking
her. In spite of my exhaustion I was jealous of her enjoying sex
brought about by my pain.
    Pain and orgasms really exhaust you. I slept soundly until
the next morning when Mom came to get me for breakfast. I knew my
butt must have been badly hurt because I had to eat standing up
because it was too uncomfortable to sit.
    Mom seemed really pleased with me, After breakfast she had me
stand in front of her while she put more salve on my butt. She
said, "I'll make up for yesterday and turned me around to lick my
pussy. It felt really good but I couldn't get excited by it. I
think because I knew it was wrong for her to do it. Finally when
she saw I was not reacting she began to squeeze and pinch my sore
buns.I guess the pain relieved my conscience because my
excitement grew rapidly although I moaned and pleaded with her to
stop at first. When she ignored me I pulled her mouth and tongue
closer and went rapidly to orgasm when she pinched even harder.
    When she could tell by my shudders and moans she replaced her
tongue with her fingers. She kept adding fingers until I flopped
on the floor to get my legs more open and back. 
    The pain when my butt hit the floor brought on another orgasm
so I began beating my butt on it in time with her hand which was
now jammed entirely inside me until I was totally overcome and
just laid there twitching.
    She let me get my breath then said, "You are amazing! I have
never even heard of someone who could get such powerful orgasms.
The rush must be even more than coke! But you can't get them
without pain. Right?"
    I began to cry and sobbed, "Yes. I must be crazy. You should
put me into a crazy house. It is taking more and more pain to get
the fantastic orgasms. The small whippings weren't bad because
the pain would go away after the orgasm but now I still hurt
after I can't cum anymore and that is terrible but I deserve it
for letting you hurt me."
    "Good. You admit you are allowing this to happen. We both
know you could run away if you didn't enjoy it."
    "Yes but I am scared. The principal was really mean and I
didn't try to get away. I think if I had been naked even that
yerrible pain would have excited me. Someone might kill me!"
    Don't worry. Bill and I will make sure you are not hurt bad
enough to need a doctor."
    I was relieved by that not realizing until later that it was
true only because they would have trouble explaining how I got
injured.
    "This is interesting. You aren't really excited unless you
are naked and your breasts and pussy are tortured."
    "Well not really. I need the spankings to my butt to accept
the greater pain to my front. I guess it is kind of like
foreplay. I need to be excited by being naked and pain added
gradually. It also helps to be tied up so I don't have to feel
guilty."
    "That doesn't make sense. I know you got excited when you
whipped yourself while dancing and you began whipping your
breasts and pussy real soon and harder than I would have done
it."
    "That's different. That seemed like I was an entertainer and
my job was to excite my audience. Jim getting excited made me
feel like a star."
    "But you are entertaining whether you do it or someone else
does it."
    "Yes but when I do it I can hit where I want and as hard as I
want. When others do it they sometimes stay in one place too long
and hit with the same strength."
    "I'll tell Bill and for a reward we may do it the way you
like but remember I don't give a damn if you get off or not. As
far as I am concerned your worth is in the fact men will pay big
to whip or spank you. It must be that innocent baby face on top
of that great body. I am going to keep it that way by making you
as young as possible in the way you dress and your naked pussy.
    Anyway, tonight you are in for a treat. Bill's biker friends
are having a party and he says that they will be interested in
fucking new pussy. You probably won't be hurt at all."
    The party was fun! They let me drink some beer to make me
giddy and the men and some of the girls said I was cute and would
pat or squeeze my round bottom or boobs. Best of all I could tell
there were some girls like me because they had some bruises or
welts on their bodies from recent abuse.
    In a little while the men decided it was time for some
entertainment and decided we should have a wet T-shirt contest. 
    Even Mom joined in!  We all danced while the men squirted
water on our t-shirts and shorts until they were transparent.
Then the girls started stripping and in a few moments we were all
wet and naked and the men were getting wild.
    A girl that could have been my twin except for her dark hair
began swinging her hips to slap her butt into mine. That seemed
to make the men more excited and gave me an idea. I faced her and
began twisting to slap my boobs against hers. She just grinned
and began slapping back until we were hitting each other hard
enough to make "Slaps!" and tingles. That was the last straw for
the men. One of the men said the other girl and I had tied for
first place and took off a couple of gold chains off his neck to
put on ours. 
    They began grabbing girls to fuck them in every possible way.
I even got an orgasm when one man with a really thick dick fucked
me doggy style while I sucked another. Mom squealed in delight
while she was lying on one man getting her pussy fucked and
another man jammed his dick in her ass.
    We were in a big garage with a dirt floor, By the time all
the men had cum and got soft I was covered with dirt. When I got
my breath I picked up one of the hoses they had used to wet our
t-shirts and used it to shower. Other girls joined me and we
ended up in a water fight wrestling over control of the hoses to
squirt each others pussies and breasts until we were slipping and
falling in the mud squealing and giggling.
    That must have inspired the man who gave us the chains
because he began to holler at us to shut up and settle down. When
we were quiet he said, "I think the winners of the t-shirt
contest should decide the real winner with a mud wrestling
contest. What do you think guys?"
    Of course they all started clapping and yelling that it was a
great idea. I didn't know anything about wrestling but the idea
of getting the attention of everyone seemed thrilling. 
    I asked if the winner would get another chain but the man
said he wasn't giving any more away. It occurred to me that
although I had reached climax from fucking it had not been one of
the fantastic ones. I was sure I would lose since Rose the girl I
would be fighting was all for the match.
    He must have realized that the prospect of having our wet
bodies sliding against each other would just excite us and we
would prolong it forever be cause he said, 
 "We need some incentive for them to win or they will just slide
around on each other getting off until it gets boring."
I said, I suppose that is true. How about the winner getting to
spank the loser or something."
    Bill said, "I like the 'Or something.' Let's make it a
whipping."
    All the men roared their approval and I agreed.
    Rosie said, "Are you nuts? They will expect the winner to use
a real whip. I don't intend to lose!"
    The threat did not mean much to me because I never expected
to win and assumed she would use a whip.
    Bill set up a wrestling ring by placing four girls on their
knees at each corner and four more in the centers between the
posts. they strung ropes by wrapping around them around their
bodies at their stomachs and breasts. He set it up in the area
that was wettest and dug up by our feet during our water fight.
The dirt was clay mixed with oil and grease from the motorcycles
and when we knelt in it we found that it was real slippery.
    He told us that there would be three falls determined by one
of us having our shoulders pinned to the ground for a count of
three and that we could not leave the area surrounded by the
ropes and girls.
    It could have been all over in a minute. We circled each
other warily then I lunged at her to grab her by her shoulders.
She punched me in the stomach! I didn't have the muscles tight
and it knocked the wind out of me. While I gasped for breath she
pushed me back for the first pin.
    They didn't seem to understand how bad I was hurt and began
booing and calling me a pussy and a wuss. I expected to lose but
that made me determined to try harder.
    When she tried to punch me again I dodged and slugged her tit
as hard as I could. She screamed in anguish and when I yelled,
"No more punching!" she nodded her head in agreement. It became
exciting. We were soon covered with oil and slick mud and our
bodies slipping over each other while trying to get a hold was
real sexy.
    There was no more punching but that didn't eliminate
slapping. Any oppurtunity to slap each others breasts or butts
was taken advantage of. Once I pushed her into the ropes. This
must have hurt the ring girls because from then on any time we
came close to the ropes the girls would slap or punch us to get
us away. Rosie took advantage of this by getting a hammerlock on
me and pushing me toward a corner girl who began slapping my tits
with both hands. It hurt so much I felt a little sick to my
stomach. I bent forward and she slid off my back within range of
the girl who began slapping her pussy. She began squealing and
slid away on her back. I used this chance to sit backwards on her
tits to hold her down. Since we were so slick she couldn't pull
me off but managed to lift her shoulders off the ground before
they could count to three. I grabbed her long pussy hair and
pulled up on it to force her to arch up. She screamed as hairs
pulled out with her pussy lips stretched way out. She arched up
to relieve the pain and I won the fall.
    She was really mad! She screamed, "That hurt awful, You
bitch! You are going to pay for that!"
    That didn't bother me. I found I had been excited by her
screams and now believed I might win. I knew I would love
whipping her because I knew what it felt like.
    I yelled back, "Bullshit! One more fall and I will be
whipping your tits until you are begging to let you suck my
pussy!"
    Unfortunately she used the same trick on me. Since I didn't
have any pussy hair she jammed her hand into my pussy and lifted
me by it. I arched as high as I could, afraid she would rip out
my insides.
    We had a break while the ring girls were untied and we were
given beers to slake our thirst then they washed us off with a
high pressure washer with strong soap like a car wash. The water
came out with a lot of force which hurt so we would run around to
keep it from getting too close. By the time all the grease was
off my skin was red and tingling. Since it was so sensitive I
knew my whipping would be bad but after all I deserved it for
agreeing to the match and losing. I was determined to be brave to
make them all respect me.
    I was hung from the ceiling with my legs wide spread but it
was not too uncomfortable since they had padded leather cuffs for
my wrists and ankles.
    I was proud to hear comments on how pretty and sexy I looked
and the fact I was exciting the men who were all getting hard
before I was even hit.
    Bill told one of the men to get his whip. He went over to dig
in the saddlebag of his motorcycle then brought out a coiled
leather whip. When he uncoiled it I saw it was over six feet long
and looked positively evil. I whimpered at the sight of it. 
    I sobbed, "How many lashes do I have to take?"
    "I don't know. Let's leave it up to the girls. They know what
it feels like. Girls, let's hear some numbers."
    I was relieved at first since I thought they would go easy on
me knowing how bad it would hurt but I soon realized none of them
were my friends and they were probably jealous of all the
attention I was getting.
    They began yelling numbers clear up to a hundred.
    Bill said, It looks like the average is fifty. You are going
to know you have been whipped this time."
    I began sobbing, "No! Please! That is too much." This whip
looked worse than Mom's snake whip and I knew how that hurt.
    Even Mom agreed, "No that is too much with that whip. It will
cut her and I don't want her scarred. She is my money machine."
    "Naw. She'll be okay. Rosie knows just how hard she can hit
without cutting, don't you?" 
    "I won't cut her but she'll think she is. I'll spread them
from her armpits to her thighs. When I get done she will have
fifty separate stripes."
    She began on my back at my shoulder blades. It was just
terrible searing pain. I was glad when she worked down to my butt
to add some excitement to the pain and when the tip began hitting
my thighs flirting inches from my pussy the excitement began to
overcome the pain. When she began on my front starting at the top
of my breasts the pain became pure excitement and I actually
resented the fact that I was tied so tightly I could not push out
my pussy to feel the bite as the whip went across my hips just
kissing my pussy lips.
    She said, "It is time for the grand finale."
    She coiled the whip until about two feet swung from her hand
then began hitting my nipples with the tip. It was unreal! My
body seemed to explode with the pain and excitement. The audience
cheered and yelled as I screamed.
    She began hitting each side of my pussy with a third up the
middle to set my clit and asshole on fire.
    I think I was almost as surprised as the audience when I
began screaming, "I'm cumming! God! I'm cumming."
    I don't know if I took the whole fifty or not. At that time a
man jumped up to push Rosie aside so he could jam his humongous
dick into my sopping pussy. Another man jumped up to ram his dick
in my ass.It was fantastic. Their sweat and mine put salt in my
welts to keep the burn going and I could feel their dicks
colliding inside me. I kept cumming even after they went soft and
were replaced by two other men. 
    Somewhere along the line I must have passed out. The next
thing I remembered was waking up in my bed. I was still burning
and when I looked down I saw scabs in a lot of the welts. I
rushed to the bathroom to get into cool water and wash off the
blood. I was sure I had been cut and was relieved to see that
some of the welts had just oozed blood. Nothing bled after my
bath but I was still burning so went to Mom to get some salve.
    "Mom I really hurt bad. Where is the salve? Would you put it
on me?"
    "Do you expect me to feel sorry for you? You asked for it and
we didn't get a dime except for the "Blow" I got at the party. If
I had arranged that session with paying customers I could have
made a mint."
    "I'm sorry. I almost won at wrestling. If I had I would have
been whipping Rosie."
    "Bullshit! We both know you wanted to lose. You love the pain
and being star of the show."
    "I guess you are right. Maybe I should see a psychiatrist to
find out why I am this way."
    "What for? You have no lasting damage and I am really getting
off on seeing you whipped. I was bouncing on a guy's dick while
watching that whip dig into your tits and pussy. I don't think I
ever came as strong or as many times before. This is great for
both of us."
    I was not convinced. It seemed that each session was getting
worse and I was sure no other girl would allow it nor what
happened next.
    Mom said, "Just thinking about last night has me horny again.
Lick my pussy until I cum and I'll put the salve on you. On
second thought get the strap. I'll spank your butt while you are
doing it so you can get off too."
    "Mom. I am really sore. That will hurt awful."
    "I know. I am sure you will get off on it. Would you rather
have me use the whip?"
    That was scary and I rushed to get the strap realizing that
my weak protest was an admission I wanted it.
    When I got back she just pulled her panties to her ankles and
pulled her dress up to her waist and held out her hand for the
strap.
    Somehow it seemed more demeaning to have to lick her when she
was still dressed but since I was just scum I deserved the extra
humiliation.
    The strap really hurt at first on my striped cheeks but in a
little while it became exciting and I found myself spreading my
legs so the strap could get to the tender area arond my asshole
and my striped pussy. After just a few spanks I was burying my
tongue in her pussy and chewing on the lips as our excitement
reached a peak.
    Mom gloated, "I knew you would get off on that even though
your ass was super sensitive."
    I felt ashamed and said, "Mom, are you ashamed to have such a
terrible slut for a daughter?"
    "Hell no. It isn't your fault or mine. You inherited the
genes from your father. His sister is a common whore."
    This helped too because it seemed to be something out of my
control.
    Evidentally Mom talked to Bill about it because the next
night he came over with a box of video tapes. Some purchased and
some they had made themselves.
    They had me strip and sit between them on the couch where
they kept me constantly excited by fondling and pinching my
breasts and pussy while we watched the tapes.
    Girl after girl was spanked, whipped, burned with wax from
candles held over their breasts and pussies, and even having big
needles or safety pins pushed through their nipples or pussy
lips. The one common denominator was the fact that they all got
orgasms either from the torture or the sex afterward.
    Each time a girl came one or the other would comment on the
girls powerful orgasm and tell me that all girls were excited by
pain.
    Knowing other girls enjoyed pain seemed to make me feel
better. The last tape surprised me. It opened with the men tying
ropes around the ring girls with me naked and obviously excited
by what was coming up. Bill said they had begun recording when I
brought up the idea of the whipping.
    Watching the tape made me realize that I had lied to myself
about trying to avoid pain in the ring. I had often crawled close
to the ropes so the girls could slap my butt and it was obvious
Rosie had no trouble holding me for tit slapping by the ring girl
although at the time I thought I was trying to get away. The
clincher was my whipping. Although I was screaming it was obvious
I was trying to push out my tits and pussy to meet the whip.
    My conscience no longer bothered me for not running away
because I knew if I complained to the police no-one seeing this
tape would believe I had not volunteered and enjoyed my torture.
    Bill said he had another client who would pay enough to keep
Mom in coke for the three weeks he would be gone to Mexico to
pick up a big shipment of dope.
    Mom said that I probably wouldn't want to wear clothes on the
way back so she just put a raincoat on me. It was a long trip so
I was really scared by the time we got there. They drove me to a
big house all by itself in the country. We were met at the door
by a fat man about forty wearing black leather jeans and a
leather vest with chains hanging off of it. He really looked evil
and was very abrupt.
    "You know the deal. I expect her to be obediant and tough. I
pay three bucks per lash and she can quit after thirty if she
wants. She is pretty young and already looks frightened so this
shouldn't take long. Assuming she will quit early she had better
have a good body or the deal is off. Strip her down."
    Mom took off my coat while saying, "She is braver than she
looks. If she doesn't take at least a hundred I will let you
watch me give her a hundred more"
    That really scared me especially when he said, "At least she
has nice tits. I'll enjoy seeing them react to the lash. You can
wait in my bar. We will see if she believes your threat."
    He put a dog collar around my neck with a chain leash and
told me to get on my hands and knees and began walking down the
hall. I tried to heel as Mom taught me but he told me to get out
front so he could watch me. Mom yelled, "Remember! No less than a
hundred!"
    I was crying already because it was obvious he wanted to make
me suffer. I was sure he would use something nasty and would not
let me work up to greater pain gradually.
    I became even more frightened when he opened a door at the
end of the hall. He had a regular torture chamber like one I had
seen in a horror movie Mom had rented. There was a rack used to
stretch people, a pillory that would hold my neck and wrists to
keep me bent over for lashes to my butt, and enough chains and
ropes hanging from hooks to hold me in any position.  
    He had me kneel then went over to a cabinet. I was sobbing
with my eyes closed when he came back and slapped my face.
    "Jesus! You are really gutless. Do you know what this is?"
    I looked and recoiled in fear sobbing, "Ye-yes. It is a rose
branch."
    "No. It isn't just a rose branch. I grow these because they
have the biggest thorns in the world. Ask me to give you ten
lashes on your tits with it."
    "No! No please! It will make me bleed."
    "I knew you had no courage. You will have to be punished for
being disobediant. By not agreeing to ten I'll give you the
thirty then you can take your wimpy ass home."
    "I knew Mom would kill me if she only made ninety dollars. It
wouldn't give her enough for coke besides it hurt my feelings. I
was proud of my bravery it was just that this situation was so
frightening. I protested, "I am brave! You'll see. I won't even
scream for the thirty lashes."
    "I doubt that, but at least you won't be dodging out of the
way. If you don't scream and agree to another thirty they won't
be as bad."
    He had me lie on my back on the rack then put padded cuffs on
my wrists and ankles. Then turned a winch until I was stretched
so tight my joints hurt causing me to whimper.
    "Does that hurt?"
    "Yes! You are pulling me apart!"
    "Good. Two more clicks should do it."
    I should have whimpered sooner. Those last two clicks felt
like my joints were going out of their sockets. My boobs went
flat and the skin on my tummy was real tight.
    "Okay. Lets see if you are really brave."
    To my surprise it didn't hurt nearly as bad as I imagined. He
only hit hard enough to drive the thorns into my tits but it was
scary because I could see drops of blood appear with each lash.
Only the last part really hurt because he used them to puncture
my nipples. Even that did not make me scream and he must have
been impressed."
    When he loosened my bonds he said, "Very good. Would you like
to have the next thirty on your ass."
    That sounded much easier and I knew if I refused he might do
something worse.
    "Yes please give me thirty more on my bottom."
    "Alright. But first I will show you that your tits were not
injured."
    He picked up a cool wet towel and began dabbing the blood off
my boobs. I was amazed to see the bleeding had already stopped
and the only evidence that anything had happened to me was little
red spots all over my tits with stinging on my nipples.
    "Maybe you are brave. I won't tie you for this. But if you
try to avoid a lash I will tie you and start over."
    I promised to cooperate with excitement rising knowing I
could take a spanking that could never be as bad as the principal
gave me.
    He had me bend over to hold on to the seat of a low stool
then told me to let my back sag down and stick my butt out and
up.
    He must have loved natural punishment tools because he went
back to the cabinet and came back with a willow switch dripping
water, He explained that he kept his switches in water to keep
them limber.
    The first lash across both cheeks really hurt and I arched my
back and pulled in my butt.
    Nothing happened! Then he said, "I am waiting for you to push
it out again."
    I realized that gave me some control and as it went on my
excitement rose as I pushed it out and up faster and faster.
Towards the end the switch was hitting across my pussy jutting
out from between my legs but my thighs prevented direct hits on
it to bring me so close to climax I was frustrated when he quit.
    "I am impressed! Your ass is fully striped but you still
managed not to scream. How would you like your next thirty? If it
sounds interesting I will agree to it."
    I needed to cum! "Would you plese give me thirty on my pussy
with a leather strap?"
    "Yes. Same rules. You will hold your legs wide open to make
it fully accessible. If you close them longer than a count of
five. I will tie you and start over. I don't want you to get your
hands in the way so they will be tied."
    He locked little chains around my wrists that had alligator
clips dangling from them. Then he clipped the clamps on my
nipples to hold my hands close to my chest. They really bit me
but the pain seemed to radiate dirctly to my clitoris.
    He had me sit on the low stool then helped me lower my
shoulders to the floor. 
    He stood in front of me for a moment until I realized he was
waiting for me to spread my legs. I spread them but when he still
didn't do anythging I spread them even further until I could feel
my pussy lips open and a cool breeze evaporating the liquid
building up in it.
    He hit the left side then the right with the last down the
middle to hit on my clitoris. I yelped and slammed my legs shut
until I heard him counting out loud slowly. At three I opened
them and when he said four I spread them as wide as I could. He
followed the same pattern of two on the sides and one down the
middle but by then I was so excited I was lifting my hips to meet
the leather and jerking on my nipple clamps.
    That must have excited him because when he finished he opened
his fly to stick his rock hard dick in me then lifted me up. I
clamped my legs around him and grabbed his shoulders in spite of
or because of the bite and stretch on my nipples to keep my
orgasms going until he sat in a big chair so I could bounce on
his dick while jerkingg my boobs with the nipple clamps.
    He began slapping my tits with his hands to make the clamps
bite even more until I literally exploded with a tremendous
orgasm.
    While I was still panting he removed the clamps. In
gratefullness I slipped down to clean his softening dick and
balls with my tongue.
    When he was clean he got up to go to a small refigerator to
bring back a couple of beers. We drank them thirstily then he
said, "That was fantastic. You really get off on having your
pussy tortured. I am going to count the tit slapping as lashes so
you have reached your hundred but you might be interested in
something else I have.
    He went back to his cabinet and came back with what looked
like a sheaf of weeds held together with coils of tape.
    Since you get off so well on pussy pain these should make you
wild. These are nettles. Have you ever heard of them?"
    "No but they just have tiny thorns. I can see why they would
be exciting on my pussy."
    "Would you like to try ten or so lashes with them?"
    By then I was no longer real excited and didn't think ten
would get me to orgasm. Also Mom would be happy I went over a
hundred so I said, "We have been doing things in groups of
thirty. Lets do thirty of these."
    "Alright. They will hurt. Remember you asked for them. I have
a great way to tie you for them."
    "I won't need to be tied. I'll cooperate."
    "No it will be better if you are tied."
    He put wide soft leather straps around my thighs close to my
hips then had me lie on my back while he went to a wall to push a
button. Ropes from the celing began lifting me until my head was
pushed forward by the floor. Then he put ropes on my ankles to
pull my legs out and down until I was doing the splits upside
down.
    He said, "I want you to see what is happening."
    He put clamps on my nipples then pulled my breasts into my
armpits so I could look into a mirror on the ceiling. He put
handcuffs on me to hold my hands behind my back. It was
uncomfortable but the sight of my pussy opened to feel the tiny
thorns on the tender inner lips had me too excited to mind being
uncomfortable.
    My pussy was not open enough for him. He put three alligator
clamps on the outer lips then strung nylon cord through them to
tie arond my thighs. Now the tender inner lips and clitoris were
fully exposed. He grinned and twiddled with my clit until it was
hard. I knew then that every lash would hit directly on my most
sensitive parts. I was about to change my mind about the amount
when he had me open my mouth and jammed a rubber ball in it.
    Finally he said, "Are you ready?"
    I nodded frantically anxious to get to orgasm.
    He didn't hit hard. He didn't need to! He slapped the weeds
into my splayed pussy then dragged it toward my asshole.
    It set my pussy on fire! Nettles have a stinging poison on
their thorns that is just terrible. I am sure I would have passed
out by twenty if I was not head down.
    When he finally finished the slow lashes with drags and let
me go I grabbed a wet towel and jammed it in my croth to run
spraddle legged to Mom bawling like crazy.
    Mom said, "Jesus! What did you do to her! She has never
reacted this way before."
    "She had her pussy whipped with stinging nettle. She
shouldn't have asked for thirty. Pick up some calamine lotion on
the way home. She will be alright. Here is four hundred. I am
giving her a ten dollar tip."
    The money appeased Mom. When I cried about how evil he was
she just told me to shut up. She had stepped into nettles once
and I would be okay."
    They got the lotion but it didn't help that much. My pussy
was swollen and burning for days. The only thing that seemed to
help much was pushing ice in it. I ended up begging Mom for
popsickles I could push inside.
    Mom's coke habit got much stronger. She was out of coke and
money in about ten days. She was soon desperate for money but our
neighbor was broke and she had forgotten to get the phone number
for the man who had hurt me so badly.
    She began taking a picture of me naked to bars to sell me to
men. To our surprise most men weren't interested in hurting me,
at least at higher prices, so I began getting fucked or giving
blowjobs to several men at forty dollars. This frustrated both of
us. She never had enough money to completely satisfy her desire
for dope and I was never able to get an orgasm with the fast
straight sex the men would pay for. 
    One night she came home frightened and desparate. She had
spotted a man she planned to proposition but fortunately asked a
barmaid if he had any money. The barmaid said, "He makes as much
as any other vice cop."  She knew if he had shown my picture tied
up and looking about twelve years old she would have been
arrested. To make the picture even more bleak her dope pusher had
been arrested and others were so scared they had raised their
prices.
    I reminded her that she still had the business card of the
man who had given me the fantastic orgasms with the swatter.
    She called him but after a short conversation hung up in
disgust, "The bastard said he did not pay for women. They paid
him and that for a hundred he would guarantee orgasms."
    I could believe that! If I had a hundred I would have run all
the way to his place knowing that no matter how much I was hurt
the orgasms would make up for it.
    The next few days were hell for her. She paced the house
nervous and irritable. I tried to stay out of her way.
    Then with no prior notice Bill knocked on our door. Mom was
so glad to see him she knelt and front of him and began kissing
his fly while sobbing, "Oh thank God. I need you so much! Give me
some coke. You can do anything you want to Honey! I don't care if
you make her bleed."
    Bill grinned at me and said, "See what coke can do, Honey.
She'll do anything for it."
    I was glad Mom had been too greedy to let me try it. She was
normally arrogant and bitchy but now she was grovelling.
    "Please don't tease me. I'll blow you while you whip her if
you want me to. Just give me a little. I am hurting."
    "You don't know what hurt is, but that is an idea. Whipping
Honey just gives her orgasms but I don't think you will enjoy it.
After you have had a hundred lashes you can have your coke."
    "Noo. Not me! Honey won't get orgasms if you hurt her real
bad. Whip her pussy until it bleeds!"
    "Nope, it is you I want to see whipped. Take it or leave it."
    "I'll leave it. You know I hate being hurt."
    "Suit yourself. This is the purest coke I have ever seen.
Honey. Would you like a little spanking?"
    "Ooh Yes! Should I get the ropes?"
    "No, this will be strictly voluntary. Just take off your
clothes and get over my knees. I have a new strap you will like."
    I was only wearing a dress and panties so it only took
seconds to get naked and lay over his knees to feel his hard dick
against my thigh and the rough fabric of our couch against my
nipples.
    The new strap was about three inches wide and soft. It made a
delicious sting on my bottom and when he worked down to my upper
thighs I rolled over on his lap to feel the sting on my pussy. I
put one foot on our coffee table to get my legs spread and pumped
my hips to meet the strap while he pinched my nipples with his
free hand. 
    In moments I was in full orgasm. He let me slip to the floor
where I frantically dug at my pussy and pinched my nipples to
keep the orgasms going as long as possible.
    I don't know whether my obvious excitement from the strap or
her need for the coke changed her mind but she gulped and said
tremously, "It might not be too bad. I guess I could try for a
hundred. Will you just use that strap and not hit too hard?"
    "I'll start with the strap and how hard I hit will depend on
your cooperation. If you object it will be harder."
    "Alright. As long as you agree to stop if I ask you to."
    "Okay but if I stop before a hundred there will be no coke."
    "What if it turns out it excites me like Honey? Will you quit
when I get to orgasm like you did with her?"
    "No. I know you. You would fake an orgasm to get me to quit
after a dozen. Now, quit trying to bargain. If you cum that is
fine but the deal is one hundred lashes no matter if you get off
on it or the pain is unbearable. You can earn your coke like
Honey earns money."
    I thought that was great! Now she could find out how much I
suffered for her. I ignored the fact that for the most part they
had been terrifically exciting for me.
    She undressed and then went over to him to lay over his lap
but he stopped her.
    "No. I think it would be fun to have Honey do the whipping.
Just get on your hands and knees."
    This evidentally shot down the hope he may excite her because
she instantly protested.
    "No. She doesn't know how to do it! I want you to do it. You
might make it exciting. I'll hate having her do it and she might
hurt me bad for using her."
    "Just do what I want. I'll tell Honey where and how hard to
hit."
    "Okay but if you hurt me, Honey, I'll get even with you."
    "No you can't blame her. She will be doing what I tell her.
Right Honey?"
    I had mixed feelings. It would be great to make her suffer
but I was sure that anything I did would come back at me double
later.
    "Mom. I won't hit any harder than he forces me to do it. I
know it doesn't excite you like me."
    Mom got on her hands and knees and then he had me straddle
her looking down at her butt and handed me the strap. I hit her
butt cheeks a couple of times fairly easy then he stopped me.
    "That looks great! Hold up a minute while I get the cam-
corder."
    Mom and I stayed in position. She seemed to be trembling so I
asked her if I had hit too hard.
    "No. No, I guess not. They just stung but I am afraid he will
want you to hit harder. He knows I can't refuse anything. I need
my dope bad. I think they must have mixed it with something else
because I always heard that cocaine was not addictive and I am
already trembling and beginning to get pains from being without
it. Soon no matter how you hurt me it won't ne as bad as the pain
of not having the drugs. I started injecting it in my veins
because it was supposed to give a better high and last longer but
that just makes it that much worse to be without it."
    I was really glad everyone had been too greedy to offer me
some of it and having her between my legs awaiting pain,
fearfully, to earn her drugs made me feel superior. She was
already whimpering at the thought of a spanking while I had taken
much worse knowing the initial pain would lead to excitement.
    When he came back to tell me to spead my legs further and to
keep my left arm back so he could see my boobs move as I lashed
added pride to my feeling of power. I was a star that would show
the audience how I could master the slave beneath me.
He said, "Wait a minute. I have an idea that will make this
better."
    He went out to his car and brought in some rope saying, "She
should have her legs open to make a sexier picture. But she may
not remember to keep them open."
    He tied rope to her knees and to furniture to pull them
widely apart then had her rest her head and breasts on the floor
then wrapped another rope around her neck and tied the ends to my
ankles. This caused her hips to tilt forward and her pussy
pooched out behind to make a perfect target.
    When he told me to hit harder I gloried in seeing her butt-
cheeks and upper thighs redden as she gasped at the pain. In
moments she was begging me to stop. I lost all respect for her.
She was carrying on as if she was being killed while her butt was
just turning red. I remembered how much more it hurt to hit the
center and brought down one that curled around to snap on her
pussy.
    She screamed and struggled to get her legs together and raise
up but the rope would not let her legs close and the rope around
her throat choked her. She put her head back down and yelled,
"She hit my pussy! She only should hit my ass! I'll get you for
this Honey!"
    Bill was pissed off. "Shit. You are such a wimp! That is a
soft strap and I never said anything about just hitting your ass.
Now tell Honey to keep hitting you or we will switch to a riding
quirt that will go clear inside that gaping pussy."
    She moaned, "Oh God No! That would kill me. Honey. Go ahead
but if you hit hard I will make you sorry."
    He said, "Ignore that shit, Honey. You are just doing what I
want. She can be mad at me. Hit one cheek then the other then one
right down the middle."
    Mom, moaned, "No. No! I have changed my mind. Keep your
fucking coke."
    "It is too late. You already agreed. Now say nicely, 'Honey I
am sorry I threatened you. Please spank me."
    She sobbed but said the speech and I continued. she screamed
at each lash to her pussy for awhile but must have gotten numb
because her screams just turned to moans and shudders while her
skin went from just red to welts and then dark marroon. I began
to think it was exciting her because the lashes to her pussy
began to make juice from her pussy splatter. and she was rocking
her hips back and forth. I lost count and Bill had to tell me to
stop.
    I was totally excited and covered with sweat. Bill dropped
his pants and stood in front of me, I immediately dropped to my
knees straddling Mom and began sucking his dick choking myself as
I tried driving it down my throat. He pulled away just before he
came and drove his dick into Mom's welted pussy pulling on her
hips to slap his thighs into her ass. Then he grabbed my tits and
pulled me to him for french kisses to my pussy while he shuddered
in orgasm. I was so excited that was enough to bring me to
orgasm.
    I guess I was wrong about her getting excited because when
she was untied she moaned, "Give me my coke and I will never use
it again. I hurt awful. Coke isn't worth it."
    Bill just said, "Good. Your habit is getting way too
expensive. Call my beeper if you change your mind."
    He carried her to her bed and I gently put salve on her butt
and pussy. I felt ashamed to have hit so hard it looked really
bad and there was even some blood oozing from her pussy.
    She was exhausted and went to sleep as the coke and soothing
salve took effect.
    I walked Bill to the door and he said, "It will be
interesting to see if she can really kick her habit. She is on a
combination of coke and heroin. She is really going to be hurting
in a few days after this supply runs out."
    I think she really did try to kick it. She waited until she
was feverish and getting cramps before she took another shot. The
next time though she didn't wait as long and from then on she
took one at the first pains.
    Then she was down to her last shot and getting desparate when
the phone rang. She seemed excited and I heard her say, "Yes
anything. Anything at all! Just get over here."
    She told me that was Jim and was ecstatic as she said, "Fuck
Bill! I don't need him. Jim has $200.00 to try out a new whip."
    He was over in a few moments to show his whip. "Don't you
love it. I made it myself out of tightly braided horsehair. Just
feel it! "
    It was black and about eight feet long by a half-inch
thick.He stretched a section between his hands and pressed it
into my bare tits. It felt like a hundred needles were stabbing
me and I flinched back.
    "Oh that will hurt terribly. It would be like being whipped
with needles and it is so heavy it will dig in."
    Mom said, "You can take it besides you don't have a choice."
    Jim said, "There is more to it. I had a fantasy where two
girls were tied back to back so I could hit them both. If you
agree I promise to hit easy."
    Mom took the whip and pressed it into her thigh. "Oh God. It
sticks me. Lets do something else. You said fifty lashes. How
about a hundred just to Honey."
    I gringed at that idea and was relieved when Jim said, No
way. Honey will enjoy it. I want to whip someone who hates it but
will still agree."
    I whispered to Mom, "He said he will hit easy and we will
only get twenty five apiece. You can take that."
    She still tried to bargain but when he picked up the whip and
started to the door she relented saying, "Oh shit! If it is that
important, do it. Just remember you will hit easy."
    She trembled with fear, excitement or both as she took off
her clothes and held out her hands for the padded cuffs he had
already put on my wrists.
    He pulled us up to the ceiling until we were on tiptoe. Then
felt our stretched bodies saying, "God you look beautiful. Your
tits are high and your waist is super slim."
    That added to my excitement but Mom just said, "Come on. Get
it over with. My shoulders hurt!"
    They were going to hurt worse because he went to the satchel
he had brought with him and brought back rope to wrap around our
ankles to squezze our legs together then pulled out on the rope
until our legs were spread wide and all our weight was on our
arms.
    Mom began whining as he said, "One more thing."
    He went to the satchel and came back with two wide straps
with buckles and wrapped them around the top of our thighs to
hold our butts tightly together. I was already excited feeling
the stickery edge digging into my crotch but Mom just whined.
    He finally stepped back and brought the whip against my
stomach. It was hard but bearable. Mom screamed as I realized the
tip had curled around us to bite into her tummy. The next one
curled around mom to hit the front of my thighs. It hurt twice as
much and I realized I was wrong. Each lash would be curling
around us to leave welts and stinging as the little horse hair
dug in so rather than twenty five we would be getting all fifty.
    Lash after lash welted us as Mom screamed but I found as it
went on even this pain became exciting and just as the tip dug
into my pussy I went into orgasm which just got stronger and
stronger. Fortunately for us he became so excited he hit faster
and faster to use up the lashes before I could not cum any more
which would have left nothing but pain.
    He dropped his pants and drove his dick into my welted pussy
and pulled himself back and forth by the whip he held against
Mom's tits to keep her wailing and my orgasms continued.
    As he released us Mom wailed, "I should have called Bill. He
wouldn't have hurt me this bad."
    I wasn't so sure. When he left he whispered to me, "If she
thinks this is bad she will shit the next time she calls me."
    We were so exhausted we just laid on the floor while Jim took
two one hundred dollar bills out of his billfold and stuck them
to her sweaty tits. As he walked out he said, "I'll call you if
another inspiration stikes me."
    Mom screamed, "Get out you pervert! Don't ever call us
again."
    The tips had left welts that were oozing blood so we spent a
lot of time caressing salve on each other then Mom took her last
shot that made her forget the pain.
    The next morning she left to go to town to find a dope-
pusher. She was gone for hours as I stayed home to caress more
salve on my welts. Just this reminded me of the whipping and I
was able to get a good orgasm by digging at my pussy while
pinching my nipples.
    Late that afternoon she came back bitching, "It took me
forever to find one. The stinking cops have so much heat on no-
one wanted to sell to a stranger. Until one asshole said he would
do it if I stripped and fucked him since cops would not be
allowed to do it. At least he wasn't a bad lay."
    She bustled around getting her shot ready then stuck it in
her arm already full of nasty looking pimples from other shots. I
was again happy I had not tried it.
    She laid back after her shot but in a few moments she whined,
"That bastard ripped me off. This isn't doing it. I will have to
take twice as much. Even this didn't get her to the point Bill's
had so I told her that what she had was probably just cocaine and
that Bill's was a combination of cocaine and heroin.
    She wailed, "Oh no! That makes it twice as hard to kick but I
have to. Keep this. Don't let me have it unless I just can't
stand the pain."
    She handed me the little plastic envelope and I hid it in my
dresser.
    I read up on drug addiction and found if she could stay off
it for ten days the sickness would lessen. She really tried but
by the fourth day she was sweating and trembling and told me to
get it for her. When I tried to get her to hold out a little
longer she yelled, "Jesus! Can't you see I am sick! Get it or
I'll kill you."
    I did and at the same time decided that if she could not
stand being sick for ten days I didn't need to feel sorry for
her.
    After she had her shot and calmed down she called Bill's
beeper. She called it several times and then began to cry saying,
"Oh God. What if he is out of town or worse in jail."
    She was really relieved when he finally called her and told
him she needed a "Fix" and that he could do anything he wanted to
me but she began to look frightened as the conversation
continued. When she hung up I asked her what he said.
    "She hung her head and whined, "What am I going to do? He
doesn't want to hurt you anymore. He said you are too willing. He
wants me to suffer if I want the drugs. I have no choice either
way I will be in pain."
    "Yeah but a whipping only lasts a few minutes. Withdrawel
lasts for weeks."
    She thought about it for a minute then said, "You are right.
Nothing they can do to me will hurt as much or as long as
withdrawel. He said that if I wanted a fix I should come to their
warehouse. I am glad you can drive I may not be able to drive
back."
    When we got there we had completely different emotions. I
felt excitement while she felt such dread I had to take her hand
and lead her to the door.
    When we went in there were about twenty people laughing and
hollering at two girls in a rope ring wearing motorcycle helmets
to protect their faces while men were making them dodge and run
to try to avoid long whips. There was no where for them to go.
Moving away from one whip just put them in range of another. Just
as we got close to the ring one of the girls dropped to the floor
and got into a foetal position.
    Bill yelled, "Ruthie wins! Way to go Ruthie!"
    About then He noticed me and yelled, "Look! Honey is here!"
    I was a star! Everyone gathered around me saying I was
beautiful and the bravest girl they had ever seen. Bill said,
    "Let's take a good look at you."
    He began taking off my clothes exciting me and making me more
proud as there were more cheers as my flat tummy, my boobs, my
firm round butt, and my tight lipped pussy came into view.
    Mom looked confused. We both knew that Bill must have told
everyone that if she showed up she would be tortured yet I was
getting all the attention.
    When I was naked and everyone had felt and fondled me to get
me excited. Bill said, "I have missed the feeling of your tight
pussy around my dick. Would you like a little warm-up first."
    I stammered in excitement, "Yes, Oh yes. Warm me all over!"
    Everyone knew he meant a whipping and Mom grabbed his arm and
said, "That will cost you."
    He just gave her a dirty look then smiled at me as I moaned,
"No. Not Bill! I want him to excite me."
    He said, "You are an absolute jewel. Go over to the wall and
pick out a whip."
    There was everything on the wall imaginable to whip someone
with. I picked out the thonged whip that had excited me so much
and walked back to him rubbing the thongs against my boobs.
    He told me to put my hands on my head and to turn slowly in
front of him to put whatever I wanted whipped facing him. I
turned my butt to him first to hear a "Slap" Then the wonderful
tingle and heat as it hit my butt, thighs and back until I was
excited enough to turn around and stand at attention.
    He said, "When you are ready for fucking just lie down."
    He was wonderful! He was going to let me stop him anytime I
wanted.
    I watched the whip hit acoss my tits to make them jump and
sway as lines of glorious pain appeared on them. My body just
shuddered as I panted in excitement until they were red all over
then he slowly started down until I was red to mid thigh. I heard
cheers but I was so excited it sounded like surf. When he started
back up I opened my legs real wide and he began bringing the whip
up from the floor to make my pussy squirm and burn. I pushed my
pussy out to meet the whip until I had a glorious orgasm and fell
back on the ground.
    He just unzipped his fly and plowed that huge dick into me.
The studs on his belt and leather jacket dragged on my stomach
and boobs to make it even better.
    When he came someone else took his place and then others to
keep my orgasms going until I could not cum any more.
    Two girls knelt beside me caressing my body telling me I was
awesome and wonderful while another gave me a beer for my mouth
so dry from all my panting.
    When I recovered they helped me up and Bill gave me a big hug
then told the girls to clean me up.
    My back was covered with dirt from the floor and my whole
front even my boobs was slimy from cum.
    They brought over buckets of soapy water and gently washed
me. It felt wonderful then even better when I was clean and
another girl with an incredibly long tounge cleaned out my pussy.
I was glowing from all the attention.
    Bill announced, "This is not the end of the show. Honey has
brought us a slave."
    Mom protested, "I am not a slave!" but bill just waved a
little baggy of cocaine in front of her and said, "Do you want
this? It's a two week supply."
    I knew she wanted it desparately as she was too sick to eat
before we left.
    She whined, "Yes! Give it to me. Please!"
    "Say I want to be your slave."
    She mumbled, "I want to be your slave." That wasn't good
enough and he made her say it louder and louder until she
screamed, "I want to be your slave! Do anything to me, just let
me have the coke!"
    At first they just humiliated her by putting a dog collar and
leash on her neck to lead her around on her hands and knees to
suck dicks or eat pussies. I noticed that one good thing about
her addiction was weight loss. Her waist was now so small her
tits and ass were in proportion to look really good.
    Then they began adding pain. They tightened toothed clamps on
her nipples and pussy to make her cry then put on pear shaped
lead weights on the clamps to pull on them. At every blow-job
they added a weight until her tits and pussy were so stretched
the weights began dragging on the ground.
    She was relieved when they let her lie on her back but then
they put ropes on her arms and legs to lift her up to waist
level. The weights were brought out to the sides and when she was
lifted her nipples were pulled into her armpits and her pussy
lips were pulled over the top of her thighs so you could see
clear into her pussy. They made her shriek by lifting the weights
and dropping them until they got bored with that and brought over
whips made of small metal chain and beat her poor boobs, stomach
and pussy until welts crossed and began bleeding. They kept doing
it until she passed out.
    They let her down and took off the weights and began sopping
up the blood with salt water. It was good that she had fainted
because that would have burned awful.
    They loaded her in the back seat of our car then Bill said,
"Do you see the difference? If a girl willingly accepts pain like
you it won't be too bad but if they resist we make it much worse.
She will be alright but it will be a long time healing bruises
from the chain as they go so deep. Massage her with salve. Tell
her when she wakes up that when she comes back I don't want to
see even a tiny bruise on you. Giving you pain is my job."
    I took her home and dragged her in to her bed and began
putting salve on her. I was a little ashamed that it was exciting
me to remember how the cuts were caused. She woke just as I had
spread her legs to put salve on her pussy. It was a mess. The
inner lips and even her clit had turned black.
    I realized she was awake when she moaned, "Oh that feels
good. Keep doing it."
    I told her what Bill had said to me and she whimpered, "I am
not brave like you. I could never just stand there untied to be
whipped. I'll never go back. Even if I die I will kick my habit.
This was a lie because she had me give her a fix to make her feel
better.
    I think she knew she would have to go back because she didn't
whip me or try to sell me for two weeks even though I volunteered
because I missed the orgasms I could only get from pain.
    Finally she became desparate and went downtown only to return
crying, "I finally found a dope pusher who had the same dope as
Bill but he wants $400.00 and I only have half that. She looked
around the house for something to sell but she had already sold
anything of value.
    I offered to ask Bill to whip me in exchange for dope but she
blubbered, "No. That won't work. He won't even take money. He
told me the only way I could get it was to ask for pain and I
can't go through that again."
    I felt sorry for her and suddenly remembered my principal was
willing to pay $200.00 to spank me. After this much time had
passed the spanking had not seemed too bad and I called him. 
    I had to explain who I was as they had never given him my
name then he said, "Oh now I remember. You were the one that was
hard to make scream."
    I asked him if he would give me two hundred for another
spanking but he said, "No it is not exciting to me to spank the
same girl."
    I told him I was desparate and he could use a whip if he
wanted to and that seemed to interest him.
    "Well.. I have been previewing some new history books and I
saw a photo of a slave being whipped that was interesting. I
might consider that but you might not want that as it is pretty
severe. You wouldn't just end up with a red butt."
    My clitoris twinged as I remembered Bill's whipping and I
said tremulously, "I think I could stand that."
    "Are you sure. It will be different. You would be hung by
your arms totally naked and you will get stripes all over your
body."
    "Oh.. I will agree to that."
    "Alright, but I won't be cheated. You will have to take fifty
lashes and if you ask me to stop before all fifty you will be
paid nothing."
    I again agreed and said I would meet him at his house.
    I told Mom I could get her money and she was elated hugging
and kissing me while telling me how wonderful I was.
    She had me dress in a sweater, skirt, slip, bra and panties
saying he might get more excited seeing me unveiled gradually and
want to fuck me before he finished all fifty.
    Mom took me out there and gave me a little push when I
hesitated in front of his office door.
    When I went into his office there were ropes with cuffs
hanging from the ceiling and a nasty looking whip on his desk. He
explained, "This is a 'Cat of nine tails' it was used on slaves.
Pick it up and see if you think you can stand fifty with it
because once you agree I won't stop with less."
    I picked it up. It was heavy and had a thick handle and whip
that went out about two feet and then separated into round lashes
that had knots tied in them about every two inches. 
    I felt it fascinated as the hard knots slid through my
fingers then gulped and said, "It looks terrible. Will it cut
me?"
    "I don't know. I have never used it but I am sure the knots
will make your white skin bloom with blossoms and should keep the
sharp strands from digging in."
    "Please don't cut me."
    He took that as agreement and told me to slowly take off my
clothes as he watched smiling from his desk.
    I made it last a long time because I wanted time to let my
excitement build up but then I was naked and he told me to bend
over to take off my shoes so he could see my pussy pooching out
between my legs.
    He surprised me by telling me to lie down on the floor under
the ropes. He lowered them then wrapped the padded cuffs around
my ankles saying, "Once when I hung a girl by her wrists for a
spanking she fainted before I was through. With your head down
the blood will stay in your head to keep you from fainting."
    That frightened me because my consolation had been that if it
was too bad I would pass out.
    He cuffed my wrists to a ring in the floor then pulled up my
leg towards the pulley at the edge of the ceiling. Once that was
tight he pulled up my other leg until I looked like a "Y"
stretched until my waist was tiny and my boobies were tight.
    He stepped back and I heard a "Whirr as the thongs went
through the air and a "WHAP!" as pain radiated from my ass.
    I screamed at the pain so much worse than a thong whip as he
walked around me evidentally wanting this to last. Then brought
another lash down to wrap around my thigh leaving angry red
blossoms from the knots as I gasped at the pain. He moved around
to do my other thigh then continued to slowly cover my legs wityh
blossoms to my knee. He got behind me and slowly covered my butt
and then down my back to my shoulders. I felt like I was on fire
and tears were soaking my hair but he took no pity on me and
brought a lash over my pubic mound. I screamed again and he
waited until I was just sobbing then slowly started working down
my stomach. I began to moan "No. No." as the lashes came closer
and closer to my boobs but he ignored me and then there was
blinding pain as my boobs shuddered with blossoms. Then hit them
again to make knots dig into my nipples. I screamed and fought my
bonds but he just watched my tits shaking from my effort in
excitement. Just when I had calmed to sobs he brought it down on
my gaping pussy to bring another scream. He just watched me
struggle trying to get my legs together then said, "Now I will
fill in the blanks."
    It had already seemed like I had been in pain forever and I
begged, "Please! Do it faster. Get it over with!"
    Thankfully he did and now the almost constant pain with the
final lashes at me pussy let me get to orgasm.
    He let me down to lay on the floor and I felt rivulets of
moisture coming off my body. I was sure I was bleeding and
couldn't look until he got a towel to dab on me and said,
"Whipping makes you sweat like crazy." 
    I looked down and was amazed that his towel had no blood on
it and felt my burning breasts to find they were oozing only
perspiration.
    When he finished drying my front he said, "Now for your
reward and dropped his pants to bury his dick in my throbbing
pussy. It was a reward! In comparison to the whipping his dick in
me felt wonderful even as he squeezed my throbbing breasts. My
orgasms started up again and I thanked him profusely after he
came.
    I just put on my sweater and skirt while he put on my shoes
as I didn't want anything tight on my burning skin. All the way
home I could feel the slightest movement of the sweater on my
breasts and my bottom throbbed from the pressure of the seat.
    When I got home I ripped off my clothes and put the plug in
the tub to turn on the shower with cool water until the tub was
full enough to lie in and feel the heat and throbbing go away.
    Mom was really impressed and said I was wonderful to suffer
for her as she caressed the salve on all my blossoms. I didn't
tell her that I had eventually been able to get orgasms or that
he had given me a wonderful feeling fuck.
    She left the next morning to find her drug pusher. I was
amazed to see the only after effect of that terrible whipping was
small bruises where the knots had hit.
    About noon Bill came pounding on our door. He burst in to
yell."Pack your clothes. Fast. We heard on the police scanner
that your Mom was busted in a drug raid. They will be coming to
get you to put in juvenile hall until she gets out."
    I am with Bill now. I never saw Mom again. Bill decided there
was too much heat and we moved to Los Angeles. Here the only
problem is competition from other drug dealers.
    It has been wonderful for me. I get lots of orgasms now but I
am a little worried because I seem to be able to tolerate more
and more pain and I am getting some scars from some of the worse
whips.
                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





