BDSM Library - Dee




Dee
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mom insists daughter join her old sorority which has changed to a party house with severe hazing.
                                   DEE
                                by allene


  I was totally controlled as a child. My folks both worked but still did
not make very much money so they were determined that I go to college to
get a good job. 
  They made all the decisions from the clothes I wore to all my
activities. They checked with my school counselor and found out that to
make sure I was accepted by a college I had to have good grades and would
need to be in a lot of extra curricular activities. To be well rounded
they insisted I become a cheerleader and to get on the school paper and
join the computer club. With all my activities and study I didn't get a
chance to date.
  To give me incentive to study I would get a spanking if any work I did
or test was less than an "A". It worked, I hardly ever got more than one
spanking per week with a strap over my clothes. It hurt but the
humiliation of having to get the strap to offer to my Dad and then bend
over a chair to say, "I have been bad. Please spank me." was even more of
a deterrent and I never got less than a "B".
  My mother had been working with my school counselor since I started
high school. They picked my school and decided I should join my
counselors old sororiety as they would be able to provide supervision.
  When I got to the college I immediately went to the sorority and gave
the president letters from my Mom and the counselor. 
  She read them and then said, "It sounds like you are going to be a pain
in the ass. Both letters say you will need a lot of guidence and that
your scholership demands at least a 3.2 average. Since you couldn't get a
4.0 in high school that might be tough. I am intrigued by your Mom's
statement that it was necessary to give you spankings to keep up your
grades. Is that true?"
  I was embarressed Mom had mentioned that since I had kept it secret
knowing the other girls in my high school had been punished by
withholding their allowance or being grounded. I blushed but admitted
that it was true and that it had helped.
  "Good. You will have an advantage over the other pledges because you
are used to painful punishment. As pledges you will all be subject to
painful punishment but that will be new to most of the others."
  She then went on to explain that this was a small but exclusive
sorority with only twenty permanent members so everyone could have their
own room. They pledged eight girls but by the end of the quarter only
five at most would remain either by voluntary drop-out or by being
blackballed. Requirements were a high grade average and to be attractive.

  I had noticed all the girls I had seen were really pretty and also
there had been some good looking boys in the living room.
  She went on to say that the girls all liked to party and that it was
important not to cause trouble or to let grades slip so the school
administration would stay off their ass.
  I was really happy that I might now have a chance to date and to go to
parties. I knew with all girls being pretty a lot of great boys would be
around.
  She then explained that the pledges would be staying together in a
sleeping porch and took me there to show me my closet, bed, and study
desk. She introduced me to the other pledges who seemed as excited as I
was then pointed out a list on the wall of our duties.
  We would have to clean the rooms of the members, as well as the rest of
the house and take turns serving meals with a warning in big print that
improper cleaning or serving would bring on punishment.
  When she left we huddled to talk excitedly. One girl said her mother
had been a member and that most of the girls were engaged to rich boys
before they graduated and that they had fabulous parties.
  One of the girls said there was also bad things. An older girl she knew
had dropped out because the punishments were terrible and that she did
not know if she could stand it because her worst punishment had just been
getting grounded for a week.
  Another girl said that the fifteen upperclasswomen had gone through it
so it could not be too bad and that even the shitty sororities paddled.
  We agreed and I was kind of glad my folks had spanked me because I had
the knowledge that the pain did not last long.
  At first we were all sure we had made the right decision because we
each had a member help us with registration which was a maze of decisions
and also helped us get our books and supplies and show us where our
classes were located.
  The Friday after we were all registered we had a candlelit ceremony
welcoming us to the house where we sang the school song and sorority song
we had been instructed to memorize. When it was over we were hugged and
kissed and told that we were all sisters now and could count on each
other's help. The only jarring note was when Sue the president reminded
us that the members were older sisters who would make sure we did the
right thing no matter how much it might hurt us.
  The honeymoon ended the next day. We were gathered in the living room
and Kay the pledge-master shocked us by saying that we were a long way
from being real Chi Delt sisters. She said we were all fat and homely and
would have to be taught everything about make-up, hair care, poise,
posture, table manners and to lose weight. She said until we measured up
to the house standard we would be treated like the scummy slave sluts we
were only good for.
  She must have noticed my shocked expression because she picked me out
to stand in front of her. I was embarressed and let my head sink and kind
of slumped. She said, "You see what I mean. Her posture sucks! Her tits
are sagging and her stomach is pooching out. When we are finished you
will stand proudly with your tits out, your stomach in and your butt
tight. To make sure you don't forget you will wear a costume you can't
hide behind. Dee. Strip so you can model it."
  I hesitated in embarressment then decided I was being silly. I had been
naked in the girls locker room everyday in high school. I stopped when I
was only wearing bra and panties. She laughed and asked me where I bought
the old-fashioned cotton bra and grandma panties. 
  When I told her Mom had bought them for me she laughed again and said,
"I hope the rest of you girls have enough pride to buy your own
underwear."
  She had me take them off and then tossed them into the fireplace then
told me to go upstairs to bring down the rest of my underwear. When I
gave them to her she tossed them into the fireplace too. She set them on
fire! I whimpered, "What will I wear to school? I can't go naked under my
clothes."
  "You will until we get a chance to get you proper underwear. Now turn
around so I can put on your one size fits all costume."
  I turned and then was embarressed again by all the girls staring at my
naked body while they were all completely clothed. She was not through
with me. She said, "Dee is thoroughly unkempt. There is no way you could
stuff all that crotch hair into a bikini."
  I started to protest that I didn't wear bikinis when I heard a buzzing
noise and a tingle at my crotch as I realized she was running a hair
clipper over my crotch. I tried to move away but she slapped my tummy
sharply with her hand and told me to stand still then had two of the
other girls hold my legs apart until I just had short stubble on my
crotch. I had never felt so naked! I was so grateful when she put on the
lower part of my costume I thanked her although it was just a string
around my waist with a two inch strip of cloth hanging from it that hid
my pussy lips. The top was just another string with two pieces of cloth
to hide my nipples.
  The costume worked! I found that without a conscious effort I had
pulled back my shoulders to raise my breasts and had sucked in my tummy.
  I felt better when the rest of the girls went up one by one to be
dressed and had to admit Kay was right. The other girls had tiny sexy
underwear and their pussies had already been trimmed for bikinis so it
only took seconds to cut the center closer.
  One of the girls quit before her turn yelling that the sorority could
get fucked because she was not about to look like a slutty stripper. 
  She ran upstairs to get her things but Kay didn't try to stop her
saying the house had no use for wimpy quitters.
  We felt sorry for her because we had been told that if a girl quit a
sorority she would never get accepted in another. She would end up in a
dorm with all the nerds. Mom had been so proud when I called her to tell
her that I had been accepted in the house I knew I would do anything to
stay.
  When we were all in costume we were told that we were to return to the
house immediately after classes and would wear nothing but the costume
while doing our chores and studying. By that time we had become a little
used to being so naked and some of us had stopped clenching our legs
together. Kay had us walk around and we found that the costume had
another fuction. Unless we walked slowly and gracefully the strips of
cloth would move to flash our pussies or nipples. 
  When Kay was satisfied we could all walk around without flashing she
told us there was more to the costume. She brought over a crystal bowl
with slips of paper in it and had us take one. Mine had the number six.
  Kay said, "We will see how lucky you are. The numbers are keyed to
instruments for your punishment. You will have them tied onto your
costume and if you need to be punished you will offer your paddle or
whatever to the sister who must punish you. Every week you will get a new
draw since some things are worse than others."
  She began calling out numbers and when the girl offered her slip a
leather paddle, strap, or whip would be tied to the side of her costume
with a big bow. Number six was a whip with leather thongs. When it was
tied on the ends were at my ankles. When we all had them Kay said the
worst was whips four and seven which looked like leather snakes one
thicker and longer than the other.
  The girl with the worst whip said, "If we have to wear these costumes
we will be spanked on our bare butts. That will hurt awful. How many
spanks will we get?"
  "That will vary depending on your crime. If you don't do anything wrong
you won't get any. They won't necessarily be on your butt. If you flash
your pussy or nipples you will get five on whatever you flash. If you let
your stomachs pooch out it will be punished and if your breasts sag they
will be punished. Tomorrow you will be weighed. If you are over weight
you will be weighed every Friday and will get five lashes for each pound
over until you have reached ideal weight. Dee told our president that she
made her high grades in high school because her father would spank her
whenever she gave him a test or homework that was less than an "A". If it
worked in high school it will work in college. Here you get number grades
so anything under a hundred will get one spank per point."
  All of us immediately sucked in our tummies and pulled back our
shoulders. I had never had anything other than my butt spanked and could
not imagine how bad it may hurt to have them whipped.
  The girls looked at me with hate on their faces and one girl said,
"That does it. I am overweight and can't lose it no matter what I do and
I have never got a hundred since elementary school. I am also unlucky
because I got the worst whip. I quit."
  Rather than being frightened by what Kay said I was happy another girl
had quit. If one more would I would be almost assured I could be a
permanent member. My whip did not seem as bad as Dad's strap and if I had
to be punished it would be my fault. It would just make me try harder.
  I found out what it felt like the next day. My duty was to clean three
of the girl's rooms. I was never especially neat and thought I had done a
good job when I finished and asked them to inspect. I got four demerits.
I had forgotten to dust the window sills and door moulding. That meant I
would get twenty spanks. 
  I was led to the living room for my punishment. I felt even more guilty
when I found I was the only pledge that had earned punishment. I felt
that I definitely deserved it since out of six girls I was the only one
that did not properly clean. I was to get five by two of the girls and
ten by the one who's room had earned two demerits.
  I was reminded of the humiliation of getting the paddle for Dad as I
untied my whip to hand it to the first girl. This was even greater
because I had no choice with my Dad. Here I could avoid it simply by
dropping out which I knew I could explain to my parents. Mom especially
would have understood because she was very modest and had never let me
wear a bikini. I knew she would have been shocked to see my costume. I
knew I was volunteering just to satisfy my pride and the envy of dorm
girls.
  I bent over to hold on to the arms of a chair then I heard a "Whirr,"
followed by a "Splat!" and then a sting on both naked butt cheeks. It was
completely different than Dad's heavy strap. There was no deep pain and I
knew I would not be bruised. I was able to take all twenty with no
screaming or crying as I had with Dad. Even the last ten that stung much
more I took with just sharp intakes of breath as they hit and moans.
  When it was over the lingering sting and heat went away in a short time
and I was rewarded by compliments on my bravery for not yelling and the
delicious feel of the girls caressing my bottom to feel the heat and
marvel at the redness left by the whip.
  I was so relieved that the whipping was so much better than Dad's
spanking when Kay said, "Well you have received your first whipping. Do
you want to drop out?" I quickly answered, "No. I'll never drop out no
matter what I have to do or how much I am hurt, Being a sister means
everything to me."
  Kay smiled as the other girls gasped making me realize that I had just
volunteered for any humiliation or greater pain but I really meant it. I
was proud they thought I was brave and thought if I could take anything
they wanted to do to me I would get even more love and respect. 
  I was even more proud of myself the next day when one of the other
girls got a demerit and cried like a baby over only five. I did have to
admit the five were done by the snake whip which left dark red stripes
and bruises later but still it was only five.
  Since all of us pledges were just starting we were all taking the same
basic required courses that first quarter of english, math, and science.
College was much harder than high school. I was used to small classes
with a lot of help from the teachers. These basic courses were taught in
huge lecture halls with a professor lecturing about two hundred kids. We
were told there would be no time to ask questions in class so if we were
confused we should contact one of two of the professors instructors. This
was useless. With all the kids you could not get an appointment for help
until long after they had moved to a new subject.
  The other pledges were no help either. They said it was my fault they
would be spanked for low grades and said they hoped I flunked. I did get
a little help indirectly because they helped each other and I was able to
listen in.
  The older girls were no help either saying that I should do my best and
if I was still in trouble by mid-term they would help.
  At weigh-in I was five pounds overweight but it was not a problem. I
was up so late studying and too nervous to have an appetite so I lost the
five pounds the first week. One of the girls was still eight pounds
overweight. By the time they finished the forty spanks her poor butt was
maroon and she was crying hysterically. We were all proud of her for
having the courage not to quit. Kelly. a fellow pledge, and I caressed
soothing ointment on her swollen butt. It seemed strange to be caressing
a naked girl but she loved it and to my surprise kissed me and Kelly in
gratitude. It felt strange but good to have her breasts mashed into mine.
  The next day I did a really good job of cleaning their rooms and rushed
down to have them inspected I walked into the living room to see the
president and pledgemaster had boys with them. I blushed and rushed out
but Kay yelled, "Dee! Come back. I want to talk to you."
  I whined, "But you have boys with you."
  "So what. Your important parts are covered girls have bare butts at the
beach all the time, including me. If you disobey you will be punished."
  I walked back in slowly and gracefully to make sure my nipples and
pussy would stay covered.
  Kay said the boys are here because we are having a party Saturday and
we are comparing notes to match our pledges to theirs so your dates will
be compatible. Dee turn around slowly."
  I blushed as I turned under the boys intense stares while she commented
on my nice breasts, flat tummy and round firm butt.It was nice to know
she thought I was pretty since up to then she had looked at at us as if
we were slime. then she said something that really caught my attention.
  "Dee is a strange combination she is both submissive and courageous.
Unlike the other girls she does not scream or cry when punished and she
has never needed to be held in position for punishment.
  Dee, I would like you to demonstrate your courage. Would you agree to
let the boys give you five spanks each if we deduct the ten from your
next punishment?"
  To my surprise the idea of these handsome boys spanking me seemed
exciting. Since she obviously thought I was special maybe the boys would
too. 
  I said, "I'll do it if you tell me to."
  "No. I want you to volunteer. Ask the boys nicely to give you a
spanking if you have the courage. You don't have to if you don't want
to."
  That was a crock. We both knew she could make my punishments much worse
if I refused, but I was proud she thought I was courageous and I was
thrilled at the thought of boys spanking my body they said was beautiful.
I turned to them, gave them my whip and said humbly, "Please give me a
spanking."
  Kay laughed and said, "You should know who is spanking you. This is Tom
Baker and that is Bob Denbeste."
  They were both tall and good looking in totally different ways. Tom was
a typical blonde preppie while Bob was dark and sexy looking. Bob said we
like our pledges bent way over to tighten their butts. Since you don't
have a low bar, have her hold on to your ankles."
  This was totally different. Kay lifted the hem of her skirt and tucked
it into her waistband so I could get my head between her spread legs. By
being bent over so far the cloth dropped away from my nipples and pussy
so they could see everything. Bob dropped to his knees to pull my feet
apart saying that a few lashes should hit the inner thighs. I gasped
knowing that made all of my shorn pussy visible. I raised my head which
made Kay gasp as the back of my head rubbed her crotch.
  Tom gave me three hard ones across my butt which stung real bad and
made me rock back and forth rubbing the back of my head on Kay's crotch.
  He moved directly behind me then backhanded and forehanded my inner
thighs. This stung even more and I let go of Kay's ankles to grip her
legs and jam my head into her crotch. She gasped then let her hands slip
down from my back to squeze my breasts and use them to rock me back and
forth. Bob never hit my butt. He slowly hit my inner thighs real close to
my pussy. To my surprise I found the extra pain so close to my pussy
excited me. I was beginning to pant with excitement when he said "I saved
the best for last." and brought my whip up between my legs to splat
against my wet pussy. I came! No, that is an understatement. I had the
most fantastic orgasm ever. I was in a daze. I rubbed my head on Kay's
pussy while she kneaded and pulled on my breasts until Tom and Bob took
her arms and led her away. As she left she told me to have the other
pledges come to the living room in an hour.
  I was so weak I just dropped to my knees and rubbed my pussy lightly
enjoying the aftershocks until I realized someone could walk in and see
me. I had to use the bannister to help me up the stairs. I told Kelly to
tell the girls to come downstairs in an hour and wake me then I fell into
my bed and went to sleep.
  I was sleeping so soundly Kelly had to shake me to wake me up. My
bottom and thighs did not hurt at all and I thought my experience had
been a dream until I rushed into the bathroom for a quick shower to wake
up. I discovered it was no dream when I found small bruises where the
tips of the thongs had hit my tender thighs and dried juice from my pussy
making my stubble stiff.
  We walked downstairs to find Bob and Tom had been joined by three other
boys who were introduced as members of the entertainment committee. After
my experience being so naked in front of boys just excited me. The other
girls reacted differently, some blushed and giggled, others blushed and
walked very carefully to keep themselves hidden as much as possible.
  All of us were used to showing off our bodies as cheerleaders, ballet
dancers, or just from wearing tiny bikinis so we became used to having
bare bottoms in a short time and relaxed a bit for our interviews to
match us to dates. We became so flattered by all the compliments to our
beauty none of us objected when the boys squeezed our butts and thighs to
marvel at their firmness. We found we were posing to look as good as
possible. We held our tummies in so tight the muscles were aching by the
time we were dismissed.
  On the way out Bob said That I was the prettiest and bravest pledge and
that he would make sure I got a good date. Then he said something that
thrilled me to my toes. 
  "I am sorry actives can't date pledges. As soon as you have become an
active we will celebrate by going out to the Space Needle for dinner and
dancing."
  I had never been to the Space Needle because I had heard that it was
really expensive. Suddenly it seemed totally worthwhile to have been
naked and whipped by him. I dreamed about him that night. In my dream I
was totally naked and told him I wanted to see him naked too and offered
to take five lashes for each article of clothing he took off. I woke up
just as he was starting to take off his shorts to give me the forty
lashes I had earned with my finger in my pussy seconds away from orgasm.
  The party sounded fabulous. We would have a band and it would be
catered with a full bar. I had never drank anything except a few beers
and hoped I would not get drunk and make a fool of myself.
  We went to a beauty salon to have our hair done and the girls began
trying on dresses. It was to be formal and the only thing I had close to
suitable was my prom dress. It looked frumpy next to the other girl's
cocktail dresses. I was looking glumly at myself in the mirror when Kelly
noticed I was sad and offered to loan me one of her dresses. It was a low
cut silk dress that looked wonderful on me except it was obvious I was
not wearing underclothes. My nipples made bumps in the thin silk and it
clung to my buttocks. When I mentioned that to Kelly she told me that
underwear should not ne worn with it anyway as they would make ugly
bulges. She told me to be careful with it because it had cost her almost
a thousand dollars.
  The boys were all handsome in their tuxedos and Bob had made good on
his promise as my date was the best looking one.
  I had no idea what to order for a drink so my date suggested Harvey
Wallbangers. I thought it was a good choice because it just tasted like
orange juice with flavoring and I thought I could drink a lot of them.
  I was really grateful to Kelly for the dress because all the boys
complimented me on it and I stopped being nervous about the top showing
so much of my breasts and the slits on the sides that flashed my legs
clear to my butt. It was to be a mixer so I danced almost every dance
with all the boys, even the actives that weren't engaged to girls!
  I was reminded we were still lowly pledges when one of the girls
spilled her drink. Kay made her get on her hands and knees to lick it up
then she had to go upstairs to get her whip. She had to bend over a chair
while all the actives gave her one lash each. She was embarressed because
she was wearing tiny panties that bared her whole butt when her skirt was
pulled up to her back but they did not hurt her much. When she got over
her embarressment she was even giggling while her bottom was turned red.
  One of the boy pledges got drunk and fell across a chair. He was
punished too which made us girls feel more equal. We found out that the
boy pledges just wore jock-straps under their pants. He had a cute round
butt and we crowded around while he was paddled with a big wooden paddle
I was sure must hurt more than our whips. It turned his cute butt dark
red and he did not sit down for the rest of the night. Evidentally it was
important for them to be brave too because he just gasped when the paddle
flattened his cheeks.
  I guess the excitement of my first party plus the admiration and the
drinks brought out the exhibitionist in me. I began to twirl more to make
my skirt rise to show my legs to get whistles and applause from my
partners. Now that I had a taste of the fun I could expect as an active
member I knew I would put up with anything to become one.
  Suddenly it was midnight and the band began putting away their
instruments and the caterer began removing the food. I was really
disappointed until Kay said that from now on we would have to mix our own
drinks and dance to the stereo. Kelly and even Kay told me to take it
easy because I was getting drunk and Kelly told me that I had flashed my
pussy on one of my twirls. I didn't feel drunk, just happy and giggled
promising I would drink slower.
  After the band left the music became slower and sexier. I became
excited feeling the boys hands on my waist and butt through the thin
silk.
  The music changed to the song the heroine had danced to in the movie "9
1/2 Weeks" I was very familiar with it since I had taped the movie
because I was in so much empathy with the heroine. I moved sensually
until I noticed my partner had backed away and I was in the center of a
circle of people. 
  The boys began to chant,"Take it off!"  Even drunk I was not that
foolish but I did most of the sexy moves in the movie then I began
twirling as I moved around the edge of the circle to keep my skirt high.
I stopped with my back to my date with my arms up undulating to the music
when he suddenly unzipped my dress. There were no shoulder straps and
before I could grab it it fell to my waist allowing all of them to see my
naked boobs. I stood there blushing and holding the dress over my tits
when the music stopped and Kay said, "Alright that is enough of that.
Dee. You were warned to settle down. You are going to have to be punished
for your lack of decorum. Go upstairs and get your whip."
  I sobbed on my way up at the stark change of being a star to a shameful
object. I stalled awhile then decided I had no choice and would just have
to remember to keep my legs clenched tight to hide my pussy when my skirt
was raised to my back. As I stood there it dawned on me that although the
other girls had also been drinking they had not been dancing sexily like
I had and none had joined me in the strip song. That just seemed to
verify that I deserved to be punished severely. I wondered if they would
use that terrible paddle on me and decided I deserved it.
  When I came down the stairs everbody was staring at me in hushed
excitement. Evidentally Kay had told them what would happen to me because
the boys looked very excited while Kelly my only friend looked sad.
  Kay motioned for me to join her in the center of the room where I saw
ropes with leather cuffs hanging from the huge chandelier. I was about to
tell her that I was brave and would not need to be tied when she said,
  "Dee.You know your conduct was unseemly amd deserves punishment. Don't
you?"
  "Yes. I am sorry if I caused embarressment to my sisters. I deserve
severe punishment. I don't care what you do to me. I know I deserve it."
  "You may change your mind when I tell you our plan. You have not
suffered this much before now. Since you embarressed everyone, all of us
will participate in your punishment. Is that fair?"
  I thought about saying that the boys didn't seem embarressed, in fact
they were cheering me on but that argument would just make me look like
more of a slut for teasing them. She was right. There were forty active
boys and girls. I had never been hit that many times.
  "Yes, you all punished Cathy when she spilled her drink and the boy
pledge too."
  "Good. Since you obviously enjoy showing off your body. I want you to
get up on this chair and take off your dress then lock these cuffs on
your wrists so everyone will know you are willing to be punished."
  God that was terrible. It was one thing to be forced into punishment
but that would make me look willing to suffer. I decided to bargain.
  "Kay. I can't do that. You burned all my underwear. I'll be naked!
Can't I go up and put on my bikini?"
  "It is not our fault you don't have underwear. You could have asked
permission to buy some or you could have borrowed some."
  I hesitated for a moment thinking it over. I knew I could have obtained
underwear if I really wanted to but actually I found it was exciting to
go to classes nude under my outer clothes. I had even slowly crossed my
legs flashing my hairless pussy at a professor just to enjoy his shocked
look and his confusion in finding his place in his lecture notes.
  Kay must have decided I needed a push because she said,"You said that
you would do anything we asked and suffer any punishment. This will be
the ultimate in embarrassment and pain.Have you lost your courage? You
can avoid all this. Just go upstairs, pack your things and go."
  That convinced me she was just trying to drive me out so they would
have only rich pledges. It was my fault I had made that statement. No-one
else had and if I backed out now I would look cowardly. I decided that I
did not have to be embarressed. Hanging naked was her idea and everyone
should know I had no choice. 
  "No. Nothing will make me quit. I'll do it."
  I got on the chair and unzipped my dress to wriggle it off my hips and
to my ankles then buckled the cuffs of soft leather to my wrists. It was
humiliating but at the same time thrilling to hear both boys and girls
saying I was beautiful. 
  When I finished Bob hugged my legs to let me down while the chair was
removed. He whispered, "I am proud of you. You are beautiful and very
brave."
  I was happy that at least he knew I was not just a slut and stared
defiantly at my audience determined to be very brave so they would all
respect me like he did. I clenched my legs together so at least my most
private part was hidden then I got the rest of the bad news.
  Kay said, "Since she has flaunted her crotch, bottom, and breasts she
will get three lashes from each of you in one of those areas. The pledges
will be last and her date will be give her the finale in the area of his
choice. Kelly, go up and gather all the whips."
  Then she had three of the girls make slips of paper saying either
crotch, butt, or breasts and another girl made slips from one to fifty.
  I really got scared. My ordeal had jumped from forty lashes with my
little thong whip to one hundred and fifty with all the whips from the
least to the most painful. Kay put all the slips in a bowl while Kelly
laid out the whips telling them to pick up the whip closest to me then
put it on the end after it was used so I would feel all of them rather
than just the worst ones. One boy whooped, "I've got her crotch!"
  I stared at him with hate in my eyes grateful he could not get to it
with my legs so tight together.
  The preparations seemed to take forever. I began to ache from just
being supported by my toes and my arms but at the same time the time
being naked in front of the admiring audience was making me very excited.
The preparations seemed to be foreplay for an experience I had never
imagined in my wildest fantasies. They had another drawing to see who
would be first and who would follow. I watched them line up in a big half
circle in front of me so they would be able to see it all. It looked like
a class picture with the front row kneeling, the second row on chairs and
the back row standing. Kay stood in the center of the half circle and
gave further instructions in a low voice I did not understand.
  Bob and another boy went out a side door. When they came back in I
heard a "Clinking" noise and twisted to look at them. They were carrying
a log about five feet long with chains and manacles at the ends. They
placed it in front of my legs then pulled my legs apart to snap the
manacles on my ankles. I felt totally obscene. I had spread my legs in
front of a mirror once while masturbating and knew that would make my
slit open so they could see inside me. My humiliation turned to fright as
I realized I would be hit on a part I knew was super-sensitive.
  Kay alleviated my fear only a little when she said, "You will find her
crotch and inner thighs are very sensitive so if you have drawn that area
just use one of these three instruments."
  She showed them my thong whip, a whip made of several leather
bootstrings and a leather strap a couple of inches wide attached to a
wooden handle.
  Finally they were ready and Kay came up to me and said, "You know what
you are in for. Do you still want to go through with it? You may need to
scream shall I turn on loud music?"
  I said, "Yes." with a little sob, then "No. Don't turn on the music. I
want them to hear the lashes so they will know I am being hurt but that I
have the courage not to scream."
  Then she said, "When you are ready say, 'Let the punishment begin."
  That seemed to be the final humiliation. I guess I have been fascinated
by whipping and in all the descriptions I had read the person punished
was dragged out fighting all the way to have their clothes torn off and
whipped while they screamed. In contrast I had taken off my clothes,
manacled myself and was now about to ask them to start the pain. My only
consolation was the feeling that none of these people were really angry
with me so they may not hit hard and somehow I could earn their respect
if I was brave.
  I held up my head proudly knowing the boys were wild with desire at the
sight of my nude spread-eagled body and said loudly, "Let the punishment
begin."
  A boy walked up nervously to cross behind me to stand by my side. I
suddenly realized I would have no idea where I would be hit until he did
it. He did not look mean so I hoped he would not hit hard. He didn't
really but it still hurt bad because he had a snake whip and he hit my
butt across both cheeks. It sunk in deep to make them shudder and he
followed quickly with two more just above and below the first.I couldn't
help making a loud gasp and straining at my bonds while the audience
yelled, "Good one!" "That made her jump!" and other comments.
  I soon found out which area would be hit by the whip they carried and
how they held it. If they were right-handed and came up to my left side I
would be hit on my butt if they came to my left side it would be my
breasts or tummy. Of course if they carried a crotch whip I would get it
on my crotch but it could be from either side to jerk my lips apart or it
could come from behind to go up between my legs to concentrate on my
slit. If the end hit my clit my whole body would shudder at the intense
pain.
  I found it was actually better to have my breasts or pussy hit because
they would not hit as hard knowing it was sensitive. Also someone
complained they could not see my butt getting hit so when it was my
butt's turn the whipper just before would grab my breast with his free
hand to turn me sideways or clear around to improve their view. My
reflexive arch to pull in my bottom would cause my breast to be pulled
out grotesquely.
  I was gasping and sobbing at first assuming it would get worse and
worse but it did not work out that way. Since the number in line had
nothing to do with the area hit I would often be hit up to nine times in
the same place. The nerves became deadened and to my total astonishment
excitement began to over-ride the pain. My gasps turned to moans and
panting as incredible sensations began running through my body. Finally I
worked up to the pledges. I thought they might go easy on me but I later
found the were told that if they did not hit hard enough they would take
my place. When it was Kelly's turn she was third in a row to hit my
pussy. She hit me from behind to avoid seeing my pain but that meant that
all her lashes with the leather strap sunk deep into my open slit and I
came! Not a regular orgasm. A fantastic one that almost made me pass out.
  My date was next for the last group and he asked me where I wanted to
be hit. He was carrying the whip of bootlaces. I wanted the senstions to
continue so I gasped, "Pussy. Hit my pussy."
  He brought it up from the floor in front so the laces stung then
dragged through my slit as he brought it around in a circle that also
made it slide against my breasts.
  I had another orgasm that exhausted me and I slumped in my bonds.
  In a fog I heard a boy say "That was too much! The poor girl has passed
out from the pain."
  Another boy said, "Are you kidding? She got off on it. Look at her. Her
nipples are stiff and there is juice leaking from her pussy. Look at the
whip. She made it wet. Don't you know orgasms look like pain?"
  Kay walked up to me and pushed her fingers into my pussy saying, "If
she didn't cum she sure came close. She is sopping. Dee. Would you like
to be fucked to make up for the pain?"
  By that time I didn't care what anyone thought. I began pushing at the
fingers rubbing my hard and oh so sensitive clit and moaned, "Yes. God
yes!"
  When they heard that it started an orgy. Clothes began flying as boys
and girls tore into each other
  My date could not even wait to untie me. He just stepped between my
legs and buried his dick in me. My only regret was that I did not have my
arms and legs free to pull him in deeper.
  After we came again he let me down to lie on the floor then began
kissing me starting at my lips and working down. Eventually he got to my
pussy and I felt his tongue fluttering on my clit. I was really naive. I
had never heard of such a thing and would not have believed it anyway. It
felt wonderful and later when he asked me to lick and suck his dick I
felt I owed that to him and to my surprise I was not repulsed at all to
have his and my juices go in my mouth.
  The party finally broke up when everyone was exhausted. The boys went
home and we dragged ourselves upstairs to fall into our beds still naked
and sticky.
  We all slept late but I woke up feeling sticky and smelly first and
went to the shower where I was joined in a short time by the other girls.
  I turned out to be a celebrity. There was no longer a question as to
whether or not I came. Now they just wanted to know how I had done it
because to them pain was the furthest thing they could think of from sex.
  I explained that I agreed completely that our punishment spankings were
just a painful ordeal because they were too hard and were over before
anyone could get excited. Being naked and bound with less painful lashes
on all the erogenous zones was completely different.  Kelly and a couple
of the other girls agreed it might be exciting at least they were really
turned on by seeing it happen to me. But Cathy said I must be crazy and
an incredible slut to get off on it. The other girls said she could not
be so sure since she hadn't tried it but she countered that she would
never know because she would never allow it.
  To make me even more proud the actives gave me a standing ovation when
I came down the stairs. Kay said I had made the party a fantastic success
and told me just to lie around for the rest of the day while the other
pledges carressed my welts with a soothing ointment. I felt like an
Arabian queen being taken care of by slaves.
  Although the majority was on my side the more I thought about it I
began feeling guilty about the spectacle I had made. I became convinced
that Cathy was right. My parents, relatives and friends from high school
would have fits if they knew I had let myself be whipped naked and fucked
by a strange boy with my only excuse being to stay in the sorority. I
also had to admit that the prospect had made me so excited I didn't
really need the threat of expulsion.
  That night I went to Kay and told her that I would have to resign
because I was becoming perverted. I told her that she had won and that I
knew I could not compete with the other rich girls.
  I thought she would be glad because she had tried to force me out but
increduously she said, " What are you talking about. I didn't want you to
quit. I recognized me in you. I was whipped that way when I was a pledge
and also came. I just wanted you to release all your crazy inhibitions so
you could know the ultimate excitement.You didn't just excite yourself,
you excited everyone. You have become a real asset. My boyfriend had
never been excited enough to fuck me three time in a row before. I am not
letting you leave now."
  "You can't stop me. I am afraid of what I may become."
  "Get real! In these days of feminism there are hundreds of rich men out
there that would love a submissive girl. I have already had calls from
boys begging me to make an exception to let you date before you are an
active."
  I said, "They just want me because they think I am a slut. No-one wants
to marry a slut."
  "You are not a slut. You are a submissive who will do what you are
told. It is completely different, a slut fucks for money or even a good
date. There are gobs of sluts but true submissives are rare. We only have
five in the house and we look for them. If logic does not convince you I
have something else. Look at this. I turned on our surveillance cameras
last night."
  Lines appeared on her TV then suddenly I was on the screen tied in an X
shape looking totally obscene with my open pussy that I had decided to
shave completely bald rather than have stubble. I had a sick excited look
on my face while I looked over the audience and said, "Let the punishment
begin."
  Anyone seeing the tape would have been convinced I wanted it done to
me. Since I had made every effort to be brave and not scream, my little
howls and moans just looked like excitement. If that weren't enough
seeing me strain to get more of her fingers into me and fucking and
sucking my date would be the convincer. She let this sink in then said,
"If you quit we will say we had to kick you out and send the tape to the
school administration and your parents. You might have noticed that no-
ones face can be seen but yours and the background is just a white wall
that could be anywhere. We will say we found the tape in your room and
naturally had to report you.You will be kicked out of school and your
parents won't want to have anything to do with you. Especially your Mom.
She called to tell me to set a strict curfew on you to make sure you
remained a virgin until marriage."
  Seeing the tape excited me again and I was glad to have the excuse to
stay but I still did not want to admit it.
  I hung my head and said, "You win. I'll stay and do what you want. Do
you really think I will be able to marry someone rich?"
  "I guarantee it. I'll screen your dates so you only date multi-
millionaires. I am engaged to one since I am submissive too. I was made
pledgemaster because I know what is exciting. I am turned on by seeing
you whipped because I know how exciting it is. The trick is to find a man
excited by submissive behavior and not some asshole that just hates
women. A good master like my fiancee will more than make up for pain with
love-making and presents."
  I was glad that I was being forced to stay because in my wildest
fantasies I had never become as excited as the night I was whipped. I
could hardly wait to tell Kelly and the other girls about being
blackmailed to provide an excuse for the next time I volunteered for a
whipping. 
  The other girls had mixed feelings for me because they knew I had been
through an ordeal but on the other hand I had been rewarded by orgasms
and was now certain to become an active  with only twelve more weeks to
go.
  Cathy was the only one really upset. She told me to go to the police
but I told her the thought of having to go to court and the resulting
publicity was totally abhorrent to me. It suddenly dawned on her that she
might be on tape. She said she was going to Kay and tell her to give her
the tape or she would go to the police.
  She came back in about an hour shocked and crying to say she had seen
the tape and was not on it but that Kay told her she didn't want girls
that made threats and told her if she left now she would not tell the
other sororities she had left.
  Cathy said she felt terrible because she had been humiliated and abused
for a month for nothing. We acted sorry for her but down deep we were
happy because the rest of us were now almost assured to become actives
and she was different than us anyway with her constant complaining.
  The next day Kay offered to take the pledges shopping but I had spent
my money on lab supplies and Kelly said she did not need anything. The
other actives went to a beach party so we had the place to ourselves.
  We could have worn anything we wanted but we wore our little uniforms
because we had become used to being naked. We used our time to check out
all the rooms including the basement.
  It was eerily quiet down there and there were no windows. Before I
turned on the lights it was totally black. There were shackles on the
walls and ropes with cuffs on the ceiling but the frightening thing was a
big square table with boat winches at the ends and two others at hip
level which would pull your legs into the splits. We both shuddered at
the thought of being all stretched out and left in the dark especially
since we were sure there must be rats down there.
  There was also some things that just looked as if they would be fun and
exciting. There was three bicycle wheels with wide rubber bands hanging
from them. When I turned a knob the wheels began turning and it was
obvious that if you sat on the seat the bands would hit your pussy and
nipples at the same time. It was obviously not meant for punishment
because the switch could be reached from the seat to make the wheels turn
fast or slow.
  Kelly found a chair with a big rubber dick sticking up from it. When
she turned the switch the dick began moving at full speed. It went so
fast it was a blur but then we found a knob to slow it down and show how
it turned on an off-center circle that would stretch your pussy and press
every inch of it.
  The last thing was a padded table with two big dicks horizontal to the
table. When we turned that switch the dicks began moving back and forth
making it obvious two girls could be fucked at the same time.
  Kelly wanted to try them and so did I but all the dicks were big and
there was no vaseline to make them slick.
  I had a solution to the problem.
  "Kelly... Did your date lick your pussy like mine did?"
  "No. How did that feel?"
  "Great! It really makes your juices flow. If we licked each other we
could try the machine with two dicks."
  "Gee I don't know. Does it taste bad? Would that make us lesbians?"
  "No it doesn't taste bad. I was curious so I put my finger in my pussy
then tasted it. There is hardly any taste. It would not make us lesbians.
We both like boys. Lesbians only like girls."
  "Well.. I guess it wouldn't hurt to try it. How should we decide who is
first?"
  "We can do it at the same time. Just take off your costume and lie on
your back on the big padded table with the winches."
  When we were naked she laid down then I crawled on top of her to pull
her legs apart and dip my tongue into her pussy while I let my pussy
settle onto her lips. It was great! She copied everything I did so it was
like I was controlling her to get maximum excitement.
  Just as I was about to go into orgasm she pushed my hips up to say,
"Stop. I am about to cum and I want to save myself for that machine."
  We got over to it and began sliding our crotches together while lying
on our back. The dicks were so big my pussy had to stretch around it but
it slid in since we were so wet. I turned the switch a little and it
began to move. We gasped as it buried itself in our pussies alternately
then Kelly turned the switch to make it go faster. Just as I was starting
my first orgasm I turned it even more and we began to pant and squeal as
orgasms got stronger and stronger until Kelly turned it down to go real
slow while little after shocks hit until we began to calm down.
  After we rested awhile I told her I thought I would try the rubber band
machine.
  She laughed and said, "I was sure you would. Anyone that can have
orgasms from being whipped could never resist that. If it isn't too bad I
may try it too."
  I sat down on it noting the supports made me open my legs wide then
turned the switch just a little. The wheels began turning and the rubber
bands began slapping against my nipples and clit. It didn't hurt at all!
It just felt like they were being massaged. I turned it to go faster. Now
there was a sting and the bands stretched under centrifugal force to
reach deeper into my slit and include the underside of my breasts as well
as the nipples.
  "OOh Kelly! This is fantastic!"
  I was rapidly approching orgasm so I turned the switch more. That made
it really hurt as the bands stretched to hit my asshole then drag through
my slit while the ones at my breasts kept them constantly shuddering and
made my nipples feel raw.
  I leaned back and spread my legs even more to let more of the bands go
inside until I had such a crushing orgasm I just rolled off the back to
lie on the floor shuddering and panting like a fish out of water.
  Kelly said, "God I have never seen anyone cum that hard before. I have
to try it!"
  It affected her the same way. Maybe even more because she began
twisting her body so the bands could cover every inch of her breasts and
pussy while turning at max until she screamed and like me rolled off
backward.
  It took her quite awhile to calm down while she gently caressed her
breasts and pussy.
  When she began to breathe normally she exclaimed, "Oh shit! That was
in-fucking-credible! Is it that exciting to be whipped?"
  I thought about it before answering because they were two different
experiences.
  "I think it is even more exciting to be whipped. It doesn't hurt much
more and you feel like a star performing in front of an admiring
audience. It kind of gives you a feeling of power to make your audience
crazy with excitement. The girls told me that they would never have
participated in a group orgy if I had not gotten them so excited."
  "Yeah I know what you mean. When I was cheerleading I used to pull my
panties up into the crack of my butt to make the boys and men whoop and
whistle."
  She giggled and continued, "My teachers thought it was accidental
because of my round butt. They kept trying different types of panties to
keep it from happening. They would have shit if they had known I jerked
them up when everyone was looking at action on the field."
  We went upstairs and were shocked to see how red our breasts and
pussies were in the bright light. We knew we had no right to poke around
in the basement so we concocted a story about experimenting with
different whips on our sensitive parts. We needn't have bothered, the
redness was gone by the time the girls got back.
  The next day was our time to pay off demerits. I had twenty lashes
coming but when I bent over the chair Kay said, "Not you Dee. We are
going to save up yours for the next party."
  To Kay's astonishment Kelly said, "I want to save up mine too."
  Kay said, "You don't get enough demerits to put on a show."
  "I don't care. I will take the same amount Dee does and you can whip
both of us at the same time. That should make the boys crazy."
  "Are you sure? She may get a lot of them."
  "Yes. If it is too bad I'll just take my own next time."
  "Alright. It is your decision and you are stuck with it."
  Later the other pledges, Carla, Muffy, and Jan gathered around us
curious as to why we had agreed to getting so many lashes at one time.
Kelly told them that she had let me give her lashes on her breasts and
pussy and that with the smaller whips it had been just terribly exciting
and that she agreed with me that it would be even more exciting to have
an audience. They had all been cheerleaders or in plays or dance recitals
so they understood that extra thrill. Muffy giggled and said at a beer
party she went to in high school the boys had shown a video tape of
strippers. She was a little drunk and said that the dancers weren't
really sexy and she could do better. They had challenged her to prove it
and found it really excited her to be able to get the boys so turned on.
She ended up making love to four of the boys and got great orgasms.
  I offered to give them some lashes so they would know how it felt. They
discussed it and decided I might hit too easy and decided they would ask
Kay to do it at their next session.
  Kay was surprized but pleased they wanted to experiment and must have
decided to go easy on them because she asked me which whip I preferred.
That was an easy decision. The whip made of leather bootlaces was by far
the most exciting because the small strands could go in between the
asscheeks or the slit of the pussy but was light enough to sting without
bruising.
  I had to give the girls credit. They took from thirty to forty five
lashes without being tied or anything. Kay just had them pose with their
legs spread and their arms folded on the top of their heads to raise
their breasts while she hit butts, breasts, and pussies up, down, and
sideways. Jan had only earned thirty. To Kay's delight she asked for more
so she could go into orgasm. Like me the excitement easily over-rode the
pain. She spread her legs even wider as Kay swung the whip up into her
pussy making some of the thongs go out of sight inside until she let out
a little scream and dropped to her knees digging frantically at her pussy
to keep the orgasms coming until she was exhausted.
  As usual they were sent upstairs to rest after punishment but they were
obviously much too excited to sleep because they were back down in a few
minutes to ask that their punishments should be saved for the party.
  Kay was delighted, "That is wonderful! The boys will go crazy. That is
important as you will find out in the meeting tonight.
  That night Kay told us that she had received a letter from an alumni
who offered us her house in Rio for the Christmas break. The only problem
was that there was not enough money in the sorority's budget to pay for
air fare for all of us. Therefore the rest of our parties would be fund
raisers. She explained, "The next party will be a Hawaiin lua and we will
be charging the boy's  fifty dollars per head for tickets. It will be
open to more than one fraternity so we can get fifty guests which should
pay air fare and part of our costs for food and entertainment in Hawaii.
There will be other changes. The actives have agreed to dress like you in
only grass skirts and will volunteer for activities to help raise money.
The only exception will be our three seniors who are engaged. They and
their boyfriends will be going else where. As you remember we let the
boys whip Dee last time. This time you will be given thirty lashes by
your active sisters then if the boys want to finish with the lashes you
have coming they will have to pay for it at a five dollars per lash. If
they want to fuck us afterwards they will have to pay us for that too. I
am betting the whipping will get them so excited they will pay plenty to
get off."
  Kelly had an objection, "Gee Kay won't that make us prostitutes?"
  "Of course not! Whores fuck to make money for themselves. You are doing
it for your sisters. Think of yourselves as the Penitents in Italy that
flog themselves until they bleed to prove their love for God. You will be
proving your love for your sisters.
  We were willing to settle for a flimsy excuse and that put us in the
class with christian martyrs. We were really glad that the actives would
dress like us and participate in fund raising because we now felt equal.
There was also no more warnings that we may be dropped from the house so
we were sure we would soon be actives.
  I didn't realize how equal we would be until I overheard a conversation
between Sue and Kay.
  "Jesus Kay! Do you realize what you have done? Some of us actives have
pissed off boys by telling them to fuck off. We could end up getting more
lashes than the pledges."
  "That won't happen. No-one will get any more lashes than the demerits
Dee has earned unless you agree to more for the money. The boys will be
easy on us since they will want to date us later."
  "That is easy for you. Everybody likes you. I have guys that will want
to get even for my fucking over them."
  "It isn't my fault you were a bitch. You know that if we are all
available we will be able to sell all the tickets. I want to make a ton
of money so we can live it up in Hawaii."
  "Being limited to Dee's demerits is no limit at all. She already has
eighty coming and she is not real bright. She could have hundreds coming
by party time. You had better open the files for her to help her keep her
grades up. I am going to remind the actives that every demerit they give
her could come back on them."
  I didn't know what she meant about opening the files. It turned out
they had all the tests of every class on file with notes on what each
professor expected on homework and which ones could be influenced by
flashing your body. A few of them would give automatic "A,s" if you
fucked them. Others would raise your grade if you offered to be spanked
to make you try harder.
  Offering to fuck them seemed too sluttish to me but if I was not doing
well I would deserve to be spanked and since they were old it would be
real punishment like a father's.
  The files were a tremendous help. By studying the tests I was always
able to get good grades so I never had a need to volunteer for spankings
except for my english class that was mostly essays. Fortunately he was on
the list of professors who liked to spank. There was a note after his
name saying he made it very painful but it was signed by one of the girls
that hated being spanked so I ignored it.
  I went to his office after class and told him that I knew I was not
doing well and may do better if I was punished and offered to take
whatever punishment he thought suitable to raise my grade.
  He looked at me in my shortest skirt and my low-cut blouse and was
obviously impressed because he stammered slightly as he said, "I see.
Just what grade were you hoping for?"
  "I need an 'A' sir."
  He got his grade book and did some figuring then said, "You have 292
points for an average of 73. You need 320 points to make an 'A' which
would be 68 spanks. No-one has ever taken more than forty. Maybe you
should settle for a 'B'. That would only be 28 spanks."
  "No. I need the 'A' to raise my total grade average to the 85 I need
for my scholership."
  "Alright, but you may not be able to take all sixty eight. If you don't
you will get as many points as you can stand. Here is my address. I will
be home by four oclock."
  I told him my last class was at three so I could meet him then easily
and had my bicycle to get to his house. He was not far from campus and
lived in an old victorian house all by itself. He told me his father had
left him a large farm but he had sold most of the property just keeping
enough to provide privacy. It occurred to me that I could scream as loud
as I could but the neighbors would never hear me. 
  He took me down to his basement and showed me a skinny bamboo cane. 
  "This is what the professors used on students in the english boarding
school my father arranged for my education. I can tell you from my own
experience that it is quite painful and leaves welts. I never had more
than thirty. Since you are volunteering for sixty-eight I won't hit as
hard as I normally do as long as you will commit yourself to a minimum of
thirty."
  He let me hold it and it was very light. I didn't think it could be too
bad and was grateful he said he would go easy on me."
  I sad, "I will commit myself to sixty-eight."
  "Really. That means I will go to sixty-eight even if you beg me to
stop. Are you sure?"
  "Yes but I may need to be tied up. I may not have the courage to take
them without getting out of position."
  "Oh I agree. Even girls that only agreed to ten or twenty tried to get
away. You also have another option. You may simply raise your skirt to be
spanked on your panties which will be quite painful or you may accept
them nude. The additional humiliation of being nude will be taken into
account to lessen the severity."
  The second option really appealed to me. I knew that being nude would
make it more exciting to me and the lesser pain may only cause thrills.
  I began taking off my clothes. I was proud that seeing me undress was
causing a lump to grow in his pants.
  He led me over to a felt covered table then said, "Sixty-eight is a lot
on just your buttocks. You will have welts on top of welts. Would you
like some of them put on your thighs?"
  "Yes but only to mid-thigh so my skirt can hide any welts."
  "In that case your legs will have to be tied apart so I can hit the
insides as well as backs."
  That made sense. Spreading them around may mean I may not get many
welts on welts that sounded especially painful although I worried about
the ones to my sensitive inner thighs. 
  He tied my legs about three feet apart which brought my tummy level
with the table then put a leather cuff on my left wrist with a chain he
brought around a steel pipe that braced the ceiling then to my right
wrist. I found that by lying flat and pressing my thighs against the
table let the chain loosen and slide down the pipe.
  He had me straighten back up then reached under the table and brought
out a rectangle of plywood with velco strips on the back. I understood
the felt on the table now. It would hold the plywood in place and when he
turned it over it was covered with thumb-tacks.
  He said, "This will encourage you to keep your breasts off the table to
tighten your buttock muscles."
  It was diabolical. The chain weight plus the fact my arms were pulled
out in front of me put a strain on my back muscles and I knew I  could
not keep my breasts off the tacks for long.
  I heard a whirring noise then a "Crack!" followed instantly by the
worst pain I had experienced.
  After three of them I no longer cared about my breasts and collapsed to
the table hoping relaxing my butt muscles might lessen the pain. I did
help a little and the tacks going into my breasts kind of took my mind
off my butt. I only raised up from then at an especially hard lash or to
attempt to find a place where a tack would not go into my nipple. There
was no such place and I finally just laid on them shuddering at each lash
which drove the points in deeper. 
  He got to my inner thighs and that extra pain made me rise and scream
only to fall back on the tacks.
  Then something incredible happened. My butt and thighs seemed to go
numb and the pain lessened to allow excitement to build. I started having
orgasms! When he started back at the top of my butt and finished with two
at the very top of my inner thighs which pinched my pussy lips against my
thighs I went into a mindless orgasm and began screaming, "Fuck me!
Please fuck me."
  He stuck his dick into me from behind and I let my breasts roll on the
tacks while he pushed down on my shoulders to have two more orgasms in
spite of the fact that he was so excited he did not last long.
  When he untied me my boobs were covered with little drops of blood and
I could feel big welts on my ass and my pussy was burning. When I spread
the lips I saw two skinny welts on the inside of the lips.
  He was really impressed. He told me I had earned an 'A' for the entire
couse and since my butt was too sore to ride my bike he let me ride on my
belly home in the back seat of his car.
 I was a real heroine to the other pledges and actives. They had never
heard of anyone that took over thirty and they had not received a
guaranteeed "A."
  I took the next day off but to my surprise my butt didn't hurt by that
night and the welts and bruises were gone in three days.
  By the night of the party I only had a little over a hundred demerits
which I thought would be easy since they would be spread out over the
night.
  Kay told us that after a long meeting with the actives they had decided
on changes to make it easier on us. I was not worried anyway since only
the light whip would be used but the changes did seem to make it more
equitable.
  "We agreed that the boys seem to hit harder when the girl is hung
helplessly from the ceiling. Sue suggested that no-one would be hung from
the ceiling after you pledges for less than fifty lashes at five dollars
because very few of them could afford to pay two hundred and fifty
dollars. All of us don't mind being spanked very much so butt and thigh
lashes will be two dollars rather than five to encourage them to hit on
those places rather than the more painful areas.
  We also decided they should pay for sex depending on it's level of
degradation. Straight fucking which we all love  will just cost ten
dollars, butt fucking fifteen, blow jobs, or tit fucks twenty."
  The she gave us the "Grass skirts." They were just one layer of thin
green plastic strips that barely covered our butts.
  Since Margo, an active and me had the biggest boobs we were assigned as
greeters to welcome them with a kiss and hand out the list of activities.
The boys came in raincoats which when removed revealed the boys just
wearing loincloths. I love boys butts and it was really fun to compare
them all totally bare.
  The activities would not start for an hour to make sure everyone was
there and to let the boys have some drinks to loosen up. During that time
the boys would kiss and fondle us so I was excited by the time Kay
announced it was time for the pledge whipping.
  I realized we would all be whipped at the same time when they threw
five ropes over the huge ceiling beam to pull us up on our toes then the
outside girls had their legs pulled apart to tie them to rings on the
walls then our legs were tied to each other's so we ended up looking like
five "X,s." 
  Then Kay announced that we would get ten lashes on our butts, ten on
our breasts and ten to our crotches. The boys scurried to get behind us
to see the lashes hit our butts.
  It turned out to be pure punishment because the lashes were very hard
and too far apart to work up to orgasm. We were hit one at a time so they
could savor the sound and effect of each lash on each. I was in the
middle. I would hear a loud "Snap" then a moan then a little later
another "Snap," and gasp then a sting and burn to my butt. By the time it
was my turn again the pain had gone away so each lash was like a first
one before excitement could override the pain. The boys loved it because
it gave them time to savor the way each butt flattened and reddened with
the lash. They would cheer at a particularly hard lash that would make
the girl yell.
  When they got to our breasts I was really vulnerable because I had the
biggest ones and the boys loved to see them bounce when hit, encouraging
my whipper to hit upward to make them lift and bounce violently.
  We were all crying by the time they whipped our crotches diagonally to
cover every inch of our splayed pussies.
  After we were let down the evening did not go as planned. We pledges
hardly got whipped at all. I was glad because it really took all my will
power to kneel with my boobs pushed out while they were whipped. 
  The actives really got it. The boys were not deterred by the fifty rule
because they pooled their money to get even with a girl that had pissed
them off and the pledges were only interested in punishing actives.
  Sue must have pissed off a lot of them. She got a hundred and they all
fell on her breasts and crotch. They could not wait to get to her. One
boy would be whipping her tits while another whipped her pussy. It must
have hurt awful but later she admitted that she was finally able to have
crashing orgasms.
  Kay got seventy five from the pledges of the frats since she was
pledgemaster. It was over quickly though because three at once hit her
with one at the back swinging the whip like a windmill to go between her
ass-cheeks with the tips hitting her clit. She was nearly hysterical by
the time they finished but more from orgasms than pain.
  The actives made a mistake in not wanting to be restrained and making
the lashes so expensive. If they had been tied they may have got enough
lashes in a row to get off on it. The boys knew that this might be their
only opportunity to hurt and humiliate the actives so they made them get
into humiliating or painful poses to give them a few lashes before moving
on to another pose or another girl before they could get excited by it.
The boys also cheated them by having them bend over with their legs apart
or get on their hands and knees for butt lashes. Actually the poses would
make their pussies pooch out from between their legs so low lashes to
their butts also hit their pussies.
  The other thing the girls did not expect was the boys combining sex
with pain. When a boy laid on his back to put an active on his dick
another boy would whip her breasts as she gyrated wildly to get the boy
under her to cum as soon as possible. On blow jobs their butts would be
whipped.    
  We pledges were for the most part just used for sex. It was great to
have all the different sized and shaped dicks in us while we watched the
actives that had been mean to us scream and cry as welts were put on them
by the boys who hit as hard as they could to get their money's worth. My
only problem was that I seemed to be a natural for tit fucking which was
just painful and humiliating. I would be put on my back with my head
pressed forward by a wall or couch so when the boy lunged forward to
press my breasts into my cheeks the head of his dick could go into my
mouth. When he came his cum would splatter all over my face and the next
day my breasts were sore and bruised.
  It could have been worse. When Margo was tit fucked two boys would hold
her legs wide and up to her head while another whipped vertically on her
slit to make the thongs hit her clit and tender ass-hole. Her howls and
screams just seemed to encourage them to hit even harder.
  The only problem I had was that the boys would be so excited when they
fucked me they could not last nearly as long as I needed to cum.
  I solved that problem just before the party broke up. I went up to two
boys sitting on a couch drinking and asked them if they had any fantasies
I could perform for them. They told me that they were broke and fucked
out so I told them that as a reward for contributing all their money I
would do anything they wanted for free.
  They decided it would be exciting to have me hung spread-eagled again
while they fucked my butt and pussy at the same time. They really must
have fucked a lot because they didn't even get hard until they had
whipped my breasts and pussy to a dark red and then took a long time to
cum. I had orgasms one after another until I was so exhausted I was just
hanging there shuddering under their thrusts.
  It went on until about one o'clock when all the boys went broke. I am
sure they cheated us a little because it was almost impossible to count
lashes when a dick was in your mouth or pussy but the party was a
fantastic success. 
  Kay was wincing a little when she walked from her raw pussy that had
taken so many hard lashes but she was happy to report that we had made
enough money to pay for the whole trip and that we would need only one
more party to pay for extras like a sailboat and scuba diving.
  Sue was really sore so Kelly. Margo, and I went up to put some soothing
ointment on her. She was badly welted and since most of them were on her
breasts and pussy our caresses with the ointment not only relieved her
pain but began turning her on. When she begged us not to stop we made it
even better for her. Margo licked her pussy while Kelly and I caressed
her breasts and licked her nipples until she had an orgasm that put her
back to sleep. By the time she woke up again she was feeling much better.
  The actives had no sympathy for Kay and Sue since they had been talked
into suffering. They thought that the pain should have just gone to
pledges and the actives that got off on it. They seemed to ignore the
fact that the party had been a huge financial success because they had
been included. They were mad because they had suffered only pain while we
pledges for the most part just enjoyed a sexual orgy with a long easy
lashing to make us excited for it.
  It took awhile to arrange another fundraiser because the boys were all
broke and even when they got their monthly allowance they did not seem as
interested when they were told the actives of our sorority would not be
participating.
  The actives had a meeting and decided to include actives that
volunteered and that it would be an exclusive party consisting of the
richest boys that had been most interested in inflicting pain and
professors who had raised grades in return for spankings.
  We pledges were told that this one party would satisfy Hell Week and
after it was over we would be actives. We were told this party would
probably be especially painful since only men who really liked to inflict
pain would pay the high cost. We agreed it would be worth it to suffer
badly one night rather than suffer a little every day for a week.
  The theme of the party was to be "Total Submission" We were told the
men would ask us to agree to some humiliating sex or act and if we
refused we would be punished until they were satisfied we had suffered
enough or we agreed to do it. We were told that we were nearly active
members of a proud sorority and that we should try to remain dignified.
  I assumed we would be requested to do sex acts and since I loved almost
everything to do with sex I reminded myself to make at least a token
refusal so I would not look like a total slut.
  I should have known it would be bad when only two of the actives and
Kay agreed to participate. I remembered that at the end of the party they
had volunteered to give a test of courage. They picked up a couple of the
boys belts and whipped each others breasts with the buckle end until one
of them gasped, "No more." and collapsed. The buckles had left terrible
welts but it was obvious they got off on it because they laid on the
floor rubbing their clits until they went to sleep.
  We were told that this time the men would be charged a flat fee of two
hundred dollars so we would not have to keep track of what was happening
to us.
  I became a little worried when I asked Kay if we would be using the
little whips again because she said the men would be bringing their
favorite whips and things.
  It was not to be a costume party we were just told to wear cocktail
dresses. I had finally bought underwear and put on my sexiest black set
to match the black cocktail dress Mom had sent me.
  We had twenty guests and we again felt like stars to have them pay four
thousand dollars to be with us a few hours.
  I thought we would be doing a strip tease but we were told to go to one
man at a time who would remove one article of clothing. Naturally with my
big boobs my dress and bra went first. As each article came off an
alligator clip was put on our boobs. I had made a mistake in dressing
completely in anticipation of being able to give a long strip-tease. Some
of the girls had just worn dresses and shoes so they only had three clips
by the time they were naked. I had worn a dress, slip, bra, panties,
stockings, garter belt, shoes, a bracelet and a necklace. I was the last
one naked and had eleven clips on my boobs. It felt like little animals
were biting me and the pain seemed to get worse with time. Especially
when the men would tug on the ones on my nipples.
  Then Kay went around with a bowl of colored chips The color of the chip
determined which man would get which girl. Since there were only twenty
men one girl would be serving two men while the rest had three.
  One of the actives drew the two men. She looked disappointed.
  Then I found out the clips were counters. As a starting event the men
assigned to us could give us lashes to match the counters on the
erogenous zone of their choice with their favorite whip.
  One of the men I had drawn was a teacher carrying a big leather paddle
with holes drilled through it. I expected a really red butt from him.
  Something else was different, for the first time we were led into the
basement and the men were told they could tie us in any position they
liked. My men had a little discussion then my legs were tied widely apart
a rope was tied around my waist then to the floor to keep me bent over
then cuffs were put on my wrist to pull my arms out and up to force me
into a back-bend making my boobs accessible from all sides. Finally a
small rope was tied to my hair to keep my head up and back.
  It was very uncomfortable.waiting for them to decide who would be
first. I was pretty sure where I would be hit by the instruments they
were carrying. A thonged whip would no doubt be used on my breasts or
pussy, The big leather paddle for my butt or thighs, the last was a thin
whippy bamboo cane. He was a teacher and used it on my butt once. It had
left welts that lasted for days. I couldn't imagine how much it would
hurt anywhere except my relatively insensitive butt. 
  Just as I was beginning to ache from my bondage they made their
decision and the man with the thonged whip stepped up, grinned at me and
swung his whip to hit the left side of my left breast so hard that if
there had been milk in them it would have shot across the room. 
  The pain became incredible as he kept hitting the outside of my breasts
causing the one not being hit to be pushed into my armpit. I was praying
he would move to another area and was glad to see him move to my side but
them he began hitting me on top of both nipples to flatten my boobs
against my chest.
  When he finished my poor tits were aching and burning at the same time.
  The man came toward me with the cane. I was relieved thinking a new
area would be hit but I realized my big boobs got me in trouble when he
suddenly swung the cane up from my side to hit the bottoms to make them
jump up to my chin. They loved the way my boobs jumped and bounced and he
hit them eleven more times until I was crying hysterically.
  Then the teacher with the paddle came toward me. He was staring at my
maroon tits and I panicked and began to beg, "No! Please no! I'll die."
  I was so relieved when I felt a terrific burn across my butt cheeks I
actually thanked him even though it really hurt.
  He hit my whole butt then went to my upper thighs finishing with my
inner thighs with the edge of the paddle occassionally ripping open the
lips of my pussy. It hurt really bad but I could get into it and
incredibly became excited and began to beg them to fuck me.
  The teacher paddling me just sneered and said, "Stupid bitch. We can
always fuck.We paid all this money to punish!"
  He then turned to the other men and said, "We must be doing something
wrong. She is getting off on this. Let's try something else."
  I knew then that this would truly be "Hell Night." I thought that
agfter the initial whipping I would just be asked to do humiliating
things like blowing them or kissing their asses and could decide when I
would rather be whipped. These guys just wanted me in pain with no chance
to releive the pain with sex.
  At least I was able to get a break while they untied me and decided on
a new activity I took this opportunity to see what was happening to the
other girls. Except for different positions they were mostly being
spanked or whipped as I had. The exception was the girl that had drawn
two men. They had tied her hanging with her head down and legs widely
spread while one man stood in front to hit her crotch with a wide western
belt to make the arrow shaped tip to hit her anus while a man behind her
hit her crotch with the tip hitting her clit. It was obvious that they
had been hitting that area all through my ordeal because her crotch was
maroon colored while there was not a single mark anywhere else on her
body. It was also obvious she had gotten off on it somewhere along the
line because her pussy hairs were soaked with her juice but evidentally
she had long past that point because she was moaning "No... and Please"
piteously and "Stop. Please stop. I'll do anything for you."  At least
they gave her the choice of giving them blow jobs to give her a break.
  My guys weren't going to even allow me a choice.  
  They decided to stretch me on the rack until I was sure my hip joints
were dislocated and my tendons burned from the stretch.
  They really hurt me bad! They used their torture instruments only on my
most sensitive parts, my breasts and pussy. I was able to take the whip
but the paddle was terrible crushing my breasts and when the cane was
directed to the center of my slit to hit my clitoris I screamed and
begged Kay to stop them. 
  She tried but I was afraid they had lost control when the men argued
that they had paid for the privelege of making me suffer and intended to
get their money's worth. Thankfully the other girls told them I had
earned the money and for them to stop and only punish if I refused them
anything.Or else they would never be invited back.
  They stopped but only grudgingly and then just had me do just sex acts
that provided me no pleasure like sucking their dicks and balls and
french kissing their ass holes. They further humiliated me by calling me
a slut and whore who would do anything to avoid a little pain. It made me
cry but even the humiliation of kneeling while they pissed on me was
better than being hurt any more.
  Then they solved their problem. The professor with the bamboo cane
said, "Since you have no pride to allow us to punish you. We will let you
punish yourself." He took two antique hat pins out of his pocket and told
me to push them through my nipples. It sounded terrible but I did try it.
Ipulled out a nipple and tried to push it through but it hurt so much on
my sensitve nipple I just couldn't. They used my refusal to alow one of
them to hold my arms behind ny back by my elbows to push out my tits
while I was hit on the nipples with the cane over and over while I cried
and screamed. 
  I found I had taken the punishment for nothing. When he finally stopped
he just held out the pins again and said, "Will you do it now?"
  I realized I would be punished until I did it and fortunately my
nipples had been numbed by the terrible caning so I was able to do it.
  He took some string out of his pocket to tie on my nipples under the
pins and idly pulled on it to make my tits bob while saying, "Ask me
nicely to suck my dick until I cum while Bob spanks your ass."
  I knew the alternative could be even worse so I agreed.
  It seemed to take forever because he jerked on the string while my ass
and pussy was hit to cause so much pain I couldn't concentrate on giving
him a good job. When he finally came I fell to the floor sobbing
piteously.
  Kay said, "That is enough. She has more than earned your money."
I was carried upstairs and comforted but it was several days before I
could walk comfortably.
  At least that made our money so after a quick stop to our parents for
Christmas eve and day we got on the planes to meet in Rio De Janeiro.
  It was fabulous. The house was beautiful and secluded so we could tan
and swim nude in the pool. With that and the nude beaches we all got
great all over tans.
  There was also a lot of night life with great shows and dancing. None
of us had any trouble finding men to teach us latin dancing including the
Lambada and to provide all the sex we wanted.  
  There were also gobs of stores to shop in for clothes and jewelry. I
spent all my money in the first two days of shopping.
  Linda noticed a lot of the women at the nude beach had little tattoos
on their butts, breasts or just above their pussies and decided she
wanted a little rose on her butt and wanted me to go with her to be
tattooed. I told her I had no money to get one but I would go with her.
  She called a cab and told him to take us to a tattoo parlor. He took us
to a really sleazy section of town that had several tattoo places. We
looked at the displays in the windows until she found just the rose she
wanted and went in.
  The man spoke english and agreed that the rose Linda wanted was very
popular and asked where she wanted it.
  She poked at a place on her right butt-cheek and he led us to a corner
with a cot and curtains to provide privacy.
  He told her to bare the spot for the tattoo and to lie face down on the
cot. That is when I found that she was at least as big an exhibitionist
as I was.
  We were wearing thong panties and all she would have had to do was pull
up the hem of her mini-dress but she made a big production of teasing him
by slowly reaching under her dress to slide off her panties then reached
behind her to unzip the dress then pull it slowly down off her shoulders
to bare herself inches at a time.
  He obviously enjoyed the show but must have seen a lot of naked women
because when she was naked he had her lie down and began preparing his
equipment as if this was nothing unusual.
  He started the tattoo which took a lot longer than I had guessed. It
didn't seem to hurt her. In fact lying there naked with the needles and
his hands working on her butt began to excite her. I saw her slide her
hand under her tummy to play with her pussy and she gave a little sigh of
relief just before he said he was done.
  She got up and went to a mirror then said, "It is beautiful! Dee. Why
don't you get one?"
  I reminded her I was broke then realized she was still excited when she
she turned to the man and said, "Maybe we could earn one for you. Is
there anything we could do for you to trade for another tattoo?"
  I told them I didn't think I wanted a tattoo since I would have it all
my life and that my parents would have a fit if they saw it.
  He said, "You might be interested in something not so permanent. Let me
show you."
  He went to his desk and returned with a photo album. He riffled through
hundreds of photos of his tattoos then stopped toward the end to show me
a picture of a woman with gold rings peircing her nipples.
  I cringed remembering the pain when the hat pins went in and shook my
head.
  He said, "The holes close back up when you are not wearing them so no-
one would wever know."
  I just nodded so he kept turning pages to show other photos with rings
through belly-buttons, nipples and cunt-lips when I saw something really
strange. I grabbed his hand so he would not turn the page.
  A woman was holding her pussy-lips apart to show what looked like a
large gold safety pin holding a gold ball with little bolts sticking out
of it resting on her clit.
  He must have noticed my excitement as I stared at it because he said,
"That really turns you on doesn't it? She loved it. She would hold the
lips open with clamps then jog. The dull points beating on her clit made
her crazy. She said it made sex fantastic."
  I could understand that. When you were fucked the ball would be jamming
against your clit to make it even harder to feel it more."
  I just nodded as I did not know what to say and he went on. "She came
back later and had me make holes the length of both lips so she could
thread gold chains through them to hold the ball inside her lips. Then
she had her boyfriend spank her pussy with a strap. She said it always
made her pass out in orgasms. She got other bigger toothed clamps to put
on her nipples so she could jerk on them while being spanked.
  That made me so excited I felt faint. I murmured, "How much would that
cost?"
  "Well gold is expensive and the ball has to be heavy to work right. The
best price I could give you would be $500.00 I'll throw in some nipple
clamps if you let me spank your pussy."
  "I don't have that much money but I'll suck you and let you fuck me
then you can spank my pussy in trade for it."
  He just laughed and said, "You must have forgotten where you are. I can
get fucked and sucked anytime for five dollars but there may be a way. I
noticed that Linda had an orgasm just from the little pain of the tattoo
and that it excited you to see the needles going in because you were
playing with your pussy while you watched."
  I didn't know he had seen me but then I noticed a mirror on the wall
beyond the table. I just blushed as he went on.
  Just outside town there is a place called, "Club Agony and Ecstasy." It
is really popular for those into S & M. I have never been there as my
customers provide any weird kicks I want and I like to do not watch, but
some girls told me they had made over $500.00 in less than an hour. If
you are an exhibitionist it would be great for you. They said there were
over a hundred people watching.The bad news is that they said they would
probably never go back."
  Linda surprised me, "She beat me to asking how we could find the
place."
  He wrote directions in Spanish for us to give to the cab-driver then
said, "It will cost you fifty dollars each to get in but that will be
refunded if you participate. If you decide it is too much you can just
watch and only be out a hundred."
  That sounded perfect, Linda said "No sweat! I still have almost two
hundred." We ran to get a cab.
  He said he didn't need directions, Japanese tourists loved the place.
He was driving too slowly so we asked him to hurry but he said, "Take it
easy. The show doesn't start until ten. If you get there too early you'll
go broke on those expensive drinks."
  We agreed but it seemed lke forever until we pulled up in front of a
large house with big columns supporting a porch.
  A man standing at the door took our money and Linda gave him a twenty
dollar tip for a good seat. He said, "Hey thanks. You would be surprised
how many of these tourists are too dumb to tip. I put them way back. Do
you girls just want to watch or participate?"
  "I am not sure. We thought we would watch for awhile then see if we
want to go on stage. I guess it would be pretty exciting to be up there
in front of a lot of people."
  "Oh yeah. With your great bodies you will be stars. They will be
yelling and cheering at each lash. I'll give your seat number to the
owner. He'll stop by to see what you want to do."
  It was not what we expected. The interior walls had been torn out to
make a huge room terraced so everyone would have an unobstructed view.
There were no seats just big beanbag chairs for two or more circling a
small round stage. There were manacles hanging from the ceiling  and
rings in the floor to tie legs widely apart. There was also a padded
sawhorse attached to the floor to bend someone over and a stocks to hold
someones head and wrists for spankings. Everything looked really humane
all the things were padded so wrists and ankles would not be chafed by
rope. The only thing that puzzled us was a split cedar post about four
feet long. Linda guessed it would be used to hold legs open when they
were lying on a thick pillow to hold their butt up in the air.
  We saw a distinguished looking latin man dressed in a leather suit
going from bean bag to bean bag and guessed correctly that he was the
owner when he came to us and asked if we wanted to be stars in his
production. We told him that we would watch awhile then decide. He said
that if we decided to go on stage we should give a card he gave us with
our bag number to a waitress.
  Shortly after that waitresses stepped on the stage to pose briefly then
came down to take orders. Their costume just consisted of a chain around
their waist with another chain going between their legs that was buried
in their pussy and the crack of their butt. Most of them also had rings
through their nipples and some had lead weights hanging from the rings.
  When our waitress got to us we ordered drinks and Linda said, "God. How
can you concentrate on drink orders with that chain rubbing on your clit?
I would be cumming constantly."
  She answered, "I do too for awhile but eventually when you can't cum
anymore it gets really painful. That is when it is hard to concentrate
and if I screw up on a drink I am whipped really hard. I found out if I
lean forward a little the chain will loosen but that encourages the
customers to spank my butt.
  I didn't get a chance to ask her anything els because Linda grabbed me
to say, "God! Loook around. This is going to turn into an orgy. Just the
waitresses have the guys excited enough to grope their dates."
  I looked and had to agree. The show hadn't even started and several of
the women had their skirts up with their dates pushing their hands in
their crotches. I also noticed we were the only single women. I pointed
that out to Linda and giggled, "We are the only ones without men. I bet
they think we are lesbians."
  Linda giggled too then said, "If I get horny enough they will be sure
of it because I am going to sit on your face."
  The drinks were ten dollars apiece so we were anxious for the show to
start. Thankfully the owner got on the stage and said, "Welcome our first
contestants with a big hand. Bill and Debbie."
  The stage began a slow rotation while Bill slowly took off all her
clothes in a slow strip. We could almost touch them and I knew she had
never been hurt really bad because she had no welts or scars. The only
clue to her status was a large tattoo just above her shaved pussy saying
"Bill's Slave."
  When she was naked he hung her up but did not pull her legs apart and
went to a big box on the stage to bring back a thonged whip just like the
one we had at school.
  He didn't hit all that hard but a lot so her body was red from her tits
to her thighs by the time she dropped her head in apparent exhaustion and
he dropped the whip and released her for applause from the audience. It
was easy to see that she had enjoyed orgasms because her pussy was
drooling.
  I told Linda that we could have taken that easily. Everyone had hit
harder than that at school.
  "Yeah but it was still exciting only if I had been her I would have
opened my legs at the end so I could really cum.
  Our waitress came back and I asked "What did the owner mean by
contestants."
  "Oh I thought you knew. Didn't the maitre de give you a program? They
are amateurs just going for the thrill. The ones who get the most
applause win $250.00"
  "God Linda. Lets do it. You can whip me. Concentrate on my big tits and
pussy. We can win easy."
  "Yeah but that won't get you enough money. Lets see if it gets worse
and if it doesn't we'll check with the owner to see if we get $250 each."
  The next couple came up and when she was naked her date put her head
and wrists into the stocks to lower her head and raise her ass then tied
her legs apart so much her pussy was pooching out the back.
  He got a big leather paddle and began spanking her big butt. The paddle
sank into it at each spank and made her butt bounce which brought some
cheers. Finally he brought the paddle lower so it flattened her pussy
lips. She screamed and dropped to the floor which ended it.
  She got more applause. And I said, "That was a little worse, but not
nearly as bad as my teacher." I handed our card to the waitress and the
owner came over just as the third contestants were making their way to
the stage to take us to a dressing room back stage.
  "I was told we could make $500 apiece by participating. Was that a
mistake? The waitress said the prize for first place is only $250.00.
  "No that is true. These people are doing this for their own enjoyment
and never do anything extreme. When this is over the second show will
start with slaves. Some of the amateurs will be in that as well. In the
main show the audience will decide what is to be done to the slave and
bidding will begin to see who in the audience will be the slave master.
You get a minimum of $500.plus 25% of the amount the slavemaster pays for
the privilege of torturing you. Since you are new I would suggest you
look very frightened and fight the chains to encourage the bidding. The
audience usually doesn't want you to enjoy it even if you do. Fortunately
it is almost impossible to tell great orgasms from great pain."
  I knew that was true and from what I had seen so far it seemed most
probable that I would get fantastic orgasms. I had almost got there just
imagining me in place of the girls we watched.
  "Oh God Linda! Lets do it!"
  Linda looked apprehensive, "I don't know. What we saw was done by
partners who will be together later. The audience may want more from
slaves they don't know and may never see again."
  Before I could say anything the owner said, "You may be right but I get
to see all requests and can guarantee nothing will happen to you that
will need a doctor's attention. I have a business here. I am not going to
jeopardize it by having a girl hurt bad enough to bring about a police
investigation. At most you will be on stage for forty five minutes with
the delays to put you in different positions. If it is too much you will
faint and that will end it even sooner."
  Linda said, "I am still not sure. Maybe I'll just let you do it and
I'll watch to make sure you aren't too badly hurt."
  "Oh please Linda. I don't have the nerve to do it by myself."
  The owner said, It would be good to have two girls as pretty as you.
I'll guarantee six hundred."
  "Linda! Come on. It couldn't be worse than our last party and we
survived that. You know you will faint if it gets too bad or your orgasms
are too great."
  "I guess you are right. After all we both had great orgasms in spite of
or because of the pain."
  "Fine. To show my good faith I will give you your six hundred right
now. Sign this paper in which you agree to accept pain for money."
  The paper was in Spanish which I could not read so I just signed it and
gave it to Linda. She hesitated again as she read it since she was fluent
in Spanish then signed it."
  He took it. Then said, "Get undressed so I can prepare you."
  I was naked first and he put padded manacles on my wrist with long
chains and then other manacles on my ankles with chain so short I could
only take small steps. 
  When Linda was chained he led us to a wall and pulled our arms up to
put our wrist chains on hooks above our head. We were not stretched so it
was not too uncomfortable."
  He squeezed our breasts and nipples tightly enough to make us squeal
then said, "The audiece will love seeing these beaten maroon."
  Linda began to whimper and I asked what was wrong.
  "You couldn't read that paper. In it we confessed we had stolen money
from him and agreed to be tortured rather than go to jail. We are at his
mercy. If we go to the police they won't do anything to him."
       Shortly after that three native girls  were brought in and chained
like us. They were all crying. I thought they were practising to get
sympathy from the audience until they began talking.
  Linda listened then looked frightened. She said, "These girls have been
forced to come here to get money for their family or pimps. The one
crying the most said this was her second time. Look at her! There are
scars on her breasts and pussy!"
  I looked and it was frightening. There were white lines covering her
breasts and shaved pussy and big white dots. I asked Linda to ask her
what happened.
  Linda asked her then began to whimper as she answered, " As a finale to
her bit they had whipped her with a wire coathanger that had made her
bleed then burned her with cigarettes until she passed out. She hopes to
pass out sooner this time."
       Now we both became frightened as we listened to the Owner
announcing the winner and knew we would soon be on a stage possibly
suffering more than we ever had before.
  There was an announcement telling The audience it was time for the
bidding to see who would be the master of his slave. We could hear men
yelling out numbers until five masters were picked.
  "Oh God Dee! There paying up to a thousand dollars to whip us. They
will want to get their money's worth!"
  Two burly men came in and began to drag one of the native girls to the
stage. She was crying hysterically. 
  They closed the door after them and from then on we could not hear
further speeches but could hear bloodcurdling screams with quiet periods
as the girl was evidentally set up for the next outrage and the screams
began again. It seemed to go on forever then there was applause and
shortly after they came in to get another girl.
  Linda moaned, "Oh God. They are saving us for the finale. We have to
get out of here."
  She began jumping, shaking her chains to try to get them off the hook
but they were too heavy and she finally gave up sobbing.
  I was about to try it too when the girl with the scars said, "It is no
use. The only door leads to the stage and you can't run with those
hobbles. Try to be brave. I have been told that if you are brave the men
will respect you and not be as mean. Not all the things are bad. If you
get lucky you will just have to give blowjobs or be fucked by a man with
a huge penis. I  was fucked by a big dog but it was not as bad as you
might think. I just got unlucky at the end for the wire whip and the
cigarettes. One of my girlfriends got lucky and the worst thing that
happened to her was being strapped on her pussy. She should have quit
then but she wanted the money and came back. That time she was unlucky
and was badly hurt."
  In spite of what she said she cried like crazy when they came to get
her and her screams were awful until she finally got hoarse.
  Finally the men came back in and looked at both of us then picked
Linda. She got defiant and said angrily, "Fuck you all. I am not crying
and won't scream if you kill me."
  I respected her for that and remembered that she had been as brave as
me taking her pain with only grunts or moans until it got terrible or she
screamed in relief when she came. She had smiled all the time she was
being tattooed.
  For the first ten minutes or more I only heard the "Splat!" of a whip
or the lower toned "Whup!" of a paddle but then she began screaming and I
sobbed knowing I would soon be screaming too.
  It was my turn I felt a little numb and just followed the men out to
the stage humbly.
  There was a big man on stage who had removed his shirt to show rippling
muscles. He was carrying a big ringmaster's whip.
  I was grateful when he just told me to turn slowly while he squeezed my
breasts and butt while saying to the audience. "Isn't our slave lovely
with these big breasts that stand up so proudly and that nice firm round
butt. She is so young and her skin is so white for now. Kneel slave and
await your fate."
  I was not about to make him mad so I knelt facing the audience. They
cheered and I felt proud so I tucked in my tummy and pushed out my
breasts to look even better.
  One of the waitresses held up a crystal bowl and he picked out a card.
  Evidentally the people signed their cards because He said, "Jose, You
are being kind. Jose wants us to warm her up with the strap then make a
sandwich of her."
  He went to the box and brought back a srap about three inches wide and
a quarter inch thick. I was relieved as I had been hit with much thicker
ones. 
  They took off my chains and put my wrists in the manacles to the
ceiling and tied my legs widely to rings in the floor. Then they pulled
down on the ropes from the ceiling until I was stretched to the point my
waist shrunk at least two inches and my tummy went in.
  Again he felt me commenting on how good I looked. I felt excitement
rising. Then he began spanking my butt with the strap. It was not bad at
all my excitement continued to rise as he stopped then slapped me on my
stomach then began working up and down until the strap was just hitting
my breasts and pussy. This hurt more but just made my excitement increase
rapidly until he suddenly jammed his fingers in my pussy. I must have
been wet because he said, "She is ready." The two guys that had brought
me out dropped their pants to show huge dicks. 
  The audience cheered again then the one with the thickest dick as big
as my wrist stepped behind me. I knew a sandwich was being fucked in the
ass and pussy simultaneously and began to moan, "No. Please no." as I was
sure that monster would rip my asshole to shreds but to my relief he
jammed it in my pussy. He said, "That's right baby, get it wet." Then he
jerked it out and jammed it in my ass. I gasped as it felt like a log was
being pushed into me and tried to loosen my muscles to stop the ripping
sensation. After a couple of pumps the ther guy jammed his dick in my
pussy. It felt fantastic. I could feel their dicks ricocheting off each
other to create fantastic sensations and I began having terrific orgasms
until their dicks got soft and slid out of me.
  He said to the audience, "Isn't she great folks. She really got off on
that. Lets see if she likes the next one." I hung there feeling after
shocks as they cheered while he went to the girl with the bowl.
  He read the request then said to me. "Carlos wants to know if you give
great blow jobs. Do you?"
  I couldn't believe how lucky I was. I didn't mind giving blow jobs at
all. I said in relief, "Yes I can give a great blow job."
  "You better be good or else you will be hurt bad. Bring out Jack."
  To my horror they led a burro out on stage.
  "Oh no! That is disgusting."
  "You can refuse. If you do Jack will bury his dong in your asshole."
  I knew that might kill me and moaned "I'll do it."
  They opened a trap door in the floor so I could stand with the burros
dick near my mouth and put a rope over his back to tie my wrists. It was
obvious the burro had done this before because his huge dick started to
slide out of its sheath towards my mouth.
  "The man said you have thirty seconds to get him off. From then on your
tits will be whipped with this."
  He showed me a bamboo cane I knew hurt terribly on my relatively
unsensitive ass."
  He said, "Go." and I frantically opened my mouth as wide as it would go
to get just the head in my mouth. I think I could have done it if I could
have used my hands to hold that monster still and jerk it off but I just
had my mouth and the burro began to thrust which either gagged me as it
hit my throat or would fall out on the way back so I would have to bob my
head to capture it again.
  It seemed like a long time and the burro was getting more frantic when
I felt a terrible pain across my breasts and fell back losing the dick. I
kept losing it with each lash until my breasts got numb enough to ignore
the lashes to lick and suck as hard as I could until cum started spurting
down my throat.
  The man said, "Not bad. only fifty seconds. Would you like to try your
skill on me?"
  I was demoralized and said, "If you want me to. Anything but pain."
  My poor tits were throbbing and I saw several wide lines across them I
knew would leave bad bruises."
  "Thanks but my turn comes later. Rest a bit. I don't want you passing
out."
  I know it seems weird but I blamed myself for my throbbing tits. If I
had given a better blowjob I would not have been hurt. If there was
another contest I resolved to do better.
  While I rested he went back to the bowl. He laughed and said, "Renee is
ready for some audience participation. Prepare her for the gauntlet."
  I looked out at the audience most of them were naked and some were
fucking. I hated them for getting excited at my pain and humiliation.
  The two men took a two foot pipe with straps on the end to hold my legs
apart by putting it just above my knees while I was on my hands and knees
and manacles with short chains on my wrists. They put two large lead
weights on my nipples with toothed clamps. They tightened the clamps hard
to make sure the weights would not come off. When I looked under me I saw
my bitten nipples stretched and pulling my tits into cone shapes.
  Finally he put a dog collar around my neck and l looked out in the
audience to see the waitresses passing out leather straps.
  He led me down the aisle in front of the first beanbag. The man and
woman looked at me eagerly and when I got close to them they began
hitting me all over but especially on my hanging tits to make the weights
jump and bite my nipples and blows down the crack of my ass to make the
tips hit my asshole and pussy.
  I tried to hurry but I couldn't move fast the way I was trussed and
when I learned to move faster it didn't help because I would just run
into the man leading me.
  I was really sore when I was turned around to go on the next tier to
let them hit my other side to create more fire.
  On the last tier he pulled me up on my knees and now they were able to
hit my whole front and back as I was slowed even more. Incredibly
something snapped in my mind and I started getting off on it. I slowed so
much to feel the straps hitting me the man began pulling forward on me as
straps hit my pussy and made my juices spatter.
  By the time I got back to the stage I was totally exhausted by the pain
and orgasms and just fell over on my side. 
  He hit me a few times with his ringmaster whip that really cut me but
then gave up when I just shuddered at the greater pain.
  I laid there panting while the men took off my shackles and nipple
clamps foggily hearing the man say, "Isn't she fantastic! She even got
off on that. Give her a hand."
  There was loud applause and cheering. I must have spaced out for a
minute. The next thing I knew was a man holding me up while another man
was strapping big weights on my ankles.
  I heard the man yelling "So far this bitch has had nothing but orgasms
but now it is my turn, Don't you think she should pay for her fun?"
  The audience roared, "Yes!" and one woman screamed let's see if you can
make her pass out."
  Then I felt a pull on my pussy lips and looked down to see them
stretched out with the men holding alligator clamps. They snapped four of
them on each lip to bring tears to my eyes then tied strings to my thighs
to hold my pussy wide open.
  They tied my hands behind my back then tied a rope around my elbows to
pull my arms back to make me thrust out my tits.
  The man pinched my nipples with his fingernails and while I howled in
pain he said, "I'll bet you won't get off on this!"
  The men slid the split cedar log between my legs and before I knew what
was going to happen they lifted it by the ends to jam the sharp edge of
that splintery log into my pussy and lift me off the ground. I screamed
in anguish then found that if I leaned back just a little it would not
dig into my clit or my tailbone. I sat very quietly but even not moving
caused terrible pain and I felt like I may be cut in two while he went to
the box to bring back a terrible instrument. It was a length of parbed
wire set in a handle and without warning he slammed it directly across my
nipples. 
  I screamed and fell back to cause the log to bite into my tailbone, I
rocked forward which gave him the opportunity to hit my ass causing me to
go forward to feel terible pain on my clit.
  The men began walking around the stage lifting and dropping the log to
force the sharp edge and slinters in my pussy while the barbed wire made
long bloody stripes on my body. It was too much and I passed out.
  I woke up on a cot in a room with the other girls who were sleeping. A
woman was wiping blood off my body with a wet cloth. I moaned, "I hurt
awful am I going to die?"
  "No. You just need some time to heal up. You will be alright. I don't
think you will even have bad scars."
  I lifted my head to look at myself, I almost fainted again. The whole
front of my body and my legs were covered with blood.
  I laid back again enjoying the feel of the cool cloth on my burning
body.
  Finally she had mopped up the blood and lifted my head to show me the
hundred of small punctures on my tits and stomach that were still oozing
a little blood. She said, "See it isn't so bad. In a few days there will
be only a few bruises and it will be hard to believe you went through
this."  
  "Oh but I still hurt awful especially my nipples and clit. They are on
fire."
  "Yes. They check to make sure you are not faking a faint by burning
your nipples and clitoris with a cigarette. If you had faked it they
would have tied you upside down to keep the blood in your head so you
couldn't faint then did something even more terible to your pussy. Here
take these pills. They will stop the pain and make you sleep. While you
sleep I will pull out all your splinters and disinfect your wounds. You
couldn't stand that pain awake.
  The pills began to work in seconds and the pain began to fade. Just
before I slipped into sleep I said, "That bastard told us we wouldn't
need medical care."
  "No. He tells the girls they won't need a doctor. I am just a nurse
with access to medication."
  I slept until nearly noon the next day. I woke up to hear moans from
Linda in the cot next to me. I said, "Oh God Linda, It was just awful.
Are you alright?"
  "Alright?! Look at me!" She threw off the sheet covering her and stood
up shakily to show me that her breasts and pussy were solidly covered
with ugly purple bruises and were still swollen."
  She began to cry blubbering, "As a finale they hung me upside down and
gave me a hundred lashes on just my tits and pussy with a rubber hose. It
was awful I wanted to faint but I couldn't and then had to give them
blowjobs until my time was up."
  "Oh God I am sorry, Linda."
  "You should be. You talked me into this. When I am stronger I am going
to kill you."
  "Please don't hate me. They hurt me too."
  I told her what they did to me between sobs  and she admitted that
having to ride the log while being lashed with barbed wire was worse than
what they did to her.
  "Except for the last thing I was mostly humiliated. I was just whipped
with a thong whip at first which was not too bad but then they made me
beg to let me suck off a big dog and to fuck a burro or else be whipped
with steel cable. He hit my stomach with it once and it tore into me and
brought blood. After that I begged them to let me do anything."
  The nurse came in to give us more pills that we took gratefully then
she rubbed salve into my ripped pussy. It really felt nice and I was
relieved when she said, "It is healing nicely. Take this tube of ointment
and put it on to keep scabs from forming. When you wake up again you can
go home."
  She told Linda that she would be bruised for some time but that the
pain would go away soon. Then she tended the other girls. One was really
bad as they had whipped her ass with the cable and there were deep cuts.
The nurse decided she should sew them up once she was asleep.
  We woke up late that afternoon and the nurse gave us our clothes.
Neither of us wanted to wear bra or panties on our sore skin.
  I told the nurse that this was the worst experience I had ever been
through and asked her how the owner could keep getting victims.
  "It is easy. There are a lot of poor girls plus some are forced into it
by their family or pimps. He actually turns down girls who are not pretty
enough. And there are always a few thrill seekers like you."
  "Well he won't be able to continue. I am going to the police."
  "That is not a good idea. The police chief is our best customer. The
owner would give him your confession and you would go to jail for even
worse torture. Some girls have died in there."
  That stopped that and we took a cab back to our hotel lying back to
keep pressure off our bruised pussies.
  Kay was delighted to see us. "Jesus! Where have you guys been? We were
worried sick. We have been checking with the police and all the hospitals
even the morgue. You are going to have to be punished for this."
  We told her she could not punish us any more than we already were and
stripped to show her our wounds then explained how we got them.
  To our chagrin our story just excited her and she said, "God that is
fantastic. Where is this place? I have never seen anyone hurt that bad. I
want to see it."
  We gave her the directions warning her not to be a participant but she
said that Beth had misplaced our return tickets and they had wasted a day
looking for them. They could enter the amateur contest and possibly make
some money as well as giving her the punishment she deserved.
  They killed time by deciding how Beth should be punished. To my
surprise Beth just looked excited as they came up with different
positions she could be bound and what they should use for whips.
  They asked us if we wanted to go along but we had decided we wanted
nothing to do with pain for the rest of our lives.
  We didn't see them until the next morning when Kay got up and came into
the kitchen where Beth and I  were sitting naked enjoying the cool breeze
on our bodies now seeming even more sensitive having coffee.
  She was ecstatic as she pulled Beth into the room. Beth won! She has
$250.00 she can piss away on anything she wants and we had a great time.
  I thought they  must have done terrible things to her to win and asked
Beth if she was alright.
  "Sure. They got me real red but I just look as if I have a little
sunburn now and even that is fading. See!"
  She dropped her bathrobe and her skin from her shoulders to her knees
was glowing pink. 
  Kay said, " We really made a production of it. The three of us took off
Beth's clothes then we stripped too and had her go around on her knees to
kiss our pussies. We didn't hurt her nearly as much as the other
contestants. What impressed the audience was her total submission. She
held poses to be whipped without being tied. They loved it when she got
between my legs and brought her head back to eat my pussy while I whipped
her breasts and were amazed when she held her pussy lips open for Jan to
spank her pussy with a strap. I think what really did it was the end when
I told her to say 'Yes' when she was ready to be whipped and she stood
there with her legs apart and her hands on her head yelling 'Yes!' louder
and faster as all three of us hit her until she collapsed and dug at her
red and swollen pussy."
  Beth said "Oh God that was exciting! I came so herd the girls had to
help me off stage and we just stayed naked in our beanbag chairs fondling
each other as we watched the rest of the acts."
  "Yeah! We missed part of it because our faces were buried in 69's when
something really turned us on."
  "Some of it was pretty terrible and I feel a little guilty now that it
just excited me at the time. I guess I shouldn't. Even though the girls
were obviously in a lot of pain they were paid a lot and knew what they
were getting into." 
  "You are wrong. We talked to those girls. Most of them were forced to
do it."
  "Oh bullshit. If they really didn't want to they could have run away.
The owner said there was a two week waiting period because he had so many
girls that wanted the special thrill. There were even girls who were
there for the second time even though the had scars from the first.
  I had to admit she might be right. The girl we met had not run away but
I said, "Well we sure as Hell wouldn't go back would we Linda?"
  "I am not sure. I have to admit I have never cum as hard and as many
times before. If there was a way to stop them from doing really terrible
things I might go back. Admit it. Knowing you I am sure you came."
  "Well yeah but it still wasn't worth the really bad thing."
  Kay had to know the bad thing so I told her about the post and how it
cut my pussy and covered my whole crotch with stickers.
  "Oh God. You were just like an antique toy my grandpa gave me. It was a
clown on a bicycle with weights hanging down from the wheels. No matter
how you moved the string the clown would stay upright on the string. You
couldn't fall off no matter what they did. Jesus. If it was a round log 
I might want to try it."
  "I doubt it. The stickers really make you raw. Look at my pussy."
  "My pussy was still red and was covered with little pimples where the
stickers were pulled out."
  She got down between my knees then said, "Poor little pussy. I'll kiss
it and make it well."
  She began frenchkissing my pussy and it felt wonderful. In moments I
was in orgasm and when she pulled back I said, "Thank you. Oh thank you!
I was afraid I would not want it touched again.
  Beth said excitedly, "Mine needs to be well too."
  Kay turned to her and began licking her still red and swollen pussy
until Beth was making little shrieks of delight.
  When she stopped Beth said, "Oh thank you! If those men had done that
it may have made up for the whipping as bad as it was."
  That made me understand how we could stand the pain. In the sorority we
always were fucked or sucked and the pain was like foreplay.
  We just took it easy for a few days and by then we were both well.
  After about two weeks after we returned I realized I had not had a
great orgasm in spite of the fact I was dating Bob and we were fucking.
Now that we were actives there were no punishment sessions and no parties
since final exams were coming up and we had to study.
  Then one weekend Bob drove us up to his Dad's cabin for us to study and
fuck.
  We made love and it was really pleasant but even though Bob took a lot
of time with me I just barely got to orgasm. We laid there fondling each
other then Bob said, "Don't hate me for this but I kind of miss your
pledge days. I can be at the library or anywhere and I will flash on the
way you looked hung up and whipped and get an instant hard-on."
  My clit twinged and I said, "I love you. When we get back where we can
get a whip you can hit me all you want. I want to please you."
  "Really? You would be willing to be hurt to excite me?"
  "Yes of course. It would excite me to know I can really turn you on."
  He hesitated a moment and then said, "It wouldn't be the same as a whip
but there is a willow tree outside we could use for a switch but if that
would hurt too much I guess I can wait."
  His dick began to lengthen under my hand and I knew he was already
imagining me being switched. I wasn't sure if I could be excited by that
much pain so soon after my experience in Rio but having him do it would
be better.
  "Yes it will hurt but if it didn't it would not prove how much I love
you and want to excite you. I'll go out and get a switch."
  I stopped at the kitchen and got a cleaver then went out naked to the
tree. I had planned to just get a little switch that would just excite me
but when I saw the tree of whips I got excited and thought only a big one
would prove to both of us that I was willing to suffer for him. I cut one
as tall as I was and began stripping off the leaves and twigs on the way
back becoming more excited as the branch turned into a whip I knew would
leave lasting welts to prove my love.
  I pictured myself in different positions and then I thought of an ideal
way to force him to hit just my front to excite me as soon as possible
and let him know I did not expect a simple spanking on my butt.
  When I went in he had put on his black jeans. That increased my
excitement as he looked like a picture I had seen of an overseer
preparing to whip a black slave.
  "He said, "My God. I didn't think you would cut such a big one. That
isn't a switch. It is a whip that will leave welts."
  "Yes. I want welts to remind you for the next few days how I was
willing to suffer for you."
  I saw his dick move in his pants as he said, "I was just going to have
you bend over a chair for your spanking but with that I don't think you
could stay still. Should I tie you? We could use towels as rope."
  "No. I want you to make love to me as soon as it is over. I don't want
the delay to get me untied but I will need something to hold on to and I
know just the thing."
  I handed him the whip then began dragging a coffee table over in front
of the fireplace becoming even more excited as I heard the "Whirr" as he
swung the switch in the air getting the feel of it.
  When the coffee table was in place I got up on it and reached behind me
to hold on to two light fixture on each side of the mirror. I spread my
legs until the mantel was at the thickes part of my butt to make my pussy
pooch out. By then it was dripping with love juice.
  "Oh God! You are beautiful but can you stand this on your front? I'll
just hit a few times."
  I could tell by his last sentence he wanted me to say yes and by then I
could hardly wait for the sting and bite of the switch.
  "Yes and not just a few times. Hit me until I let go of the lamps."
  "No. I'll stop if you scream or let go."
  He stepped in beside me and pressed the whip against my cuntal mound
then slowly backed up to slide the switch against me until he was far
enough away for the tip to stop at my lips. It was foreplay and I gasped,
"I am ready."
  I clenched my teeth to make sure I would not scream.
  He leaned forward a bit and I heard the "whirr" then felt just a sting
as it hit me just below the belly button.
  I gasped then moaned, "No. You have to hit harder. I want welts!"
  He began hitting harder and it was perfect. It hurt but not so much
that I couldn't stand it.
  He began laying on stripes up my belly until I felt the terrible sting
just below my breasts. I began to pant and tremble with excitement while
my body began to sheen with perspiration.
  He stopped looking at me quizically.and I gasped, "Yes! Hit them! Hit
them hard!"
  he began putting strip after stripe on my shuddering breasts until the
tip hit a nipple. My pussy absolutely gushed and I began pushing it in
and out bouncing my butt against the mantel.
  He began putting stripes across and diagonally on my pussy. When the
tip dug into my clit I had a fantastic orgasm and screamed as I let go of
the lamps to jump off the table and rub my welted tits on his hairy chest
then to show my complete submission I slid down his body to unzip his
pants to let his throbbing dick pop into my mouth. He goroaned as shortly
later his cum shot into my throat but to my surprize his dick stayed hard
and he pushed me over on my back to bury it in my pussy to bring back my
orgasms. 
  I kept pumping until his dick softened and slid out of me.
  We were exhausted and sank to the foor. He caressed my welted boobs and
said breathlessly, "I have never cum that hard in my life! I love you. I
want to marry you."
  We were married right after he graduated. I didn't graduate as he was
so rich there was no need for me to work.
  He loves my complete submission. I stay naked for him except for the
times he wants me to wear a sexy costume. He loves the fact that I will
assume any position he likes to be whipped by various instruments. We are
getting a large collection. Or favorite position is to have me kneel with
my legs spread leaning back with my shoulders resting on a chair to make
my whole front readily accessible. I am only whipped a few times per
week. As long as he can see welts he is excited just remembering how they
got there. I love it. He could whip me every night if he wanted since
they are never terrible. I am tied for them sometimes but always into a
position where he can bury the dick I love so much in me without the
delay of being untied.
  He is very proud of my courage which of course makes me proud too.
Sometimes I work up the nerve to ask him to use a switch, a bamboo cane
or a rubber whip which he knows hurts terribly and leaves my boobs and
pussy swollen for the fucking afterwards.
 Later on he said, "I love you so much! I told my friends how wonderful
you are and they are dying of jealousy."
  That gave me mixed feelings. I was proud he would tell them how much he
loved me but I was embarrassed that they may think I was a total slut. I
said, "Oh God. You don't tell them about the whipping do you?"
  "Of course. That is what makes you unique. Their wives are willing to
do sexy things but they never volunteer to suffer for them."
  "Oh God. They must think I am a terrible slut that is willing to do
anything to achieve orgasms." Unfortunately that was true I had admitted
to myself that if he had not wanted to whip me I would have found someone
who did.
  "You are not a slut! You are just an incredibly sensual girl who loves
me enough to do anything to please me."
  That salved my conscience. As long as he believed I only did it for him
it was just a proof of love and I did not have to feel slutty at all.
  I kissed him and said, "Yes. I love you so much it makes me happy I can
prove I love you with total submission to anything that excites you."
  Then he said sheepishly, "My friends did not go to our college and
don't know how brave girls can be. They don't believe you would let me
whip you without some sort of threat. They think I am exaggerating and
you only allow little handspankings they give their wives."
  "Are you suggesting you want me to prove what I will do?"
  "Yeah I guess so. What do you think about it?"
  "You know how excited you get whipping my nude body. They may too. What
if they want to fuck me?" 
  "To Hell with them. They can wait until they get home."
  I know it sounds awful but that disappointed me. Whipping even in front
of an audience had always been foreplay for me with the really great
orgasms by sex afterwards.
  I said, "You know I can only bear the pain because of the great sex
afterwards. You would have to promise to fuck me when it is over which
would make you part of the show. Do you want that?"
  "No I guess not. Maybe if I forced you to have sex with them they would
know I had total control over you. That could prove your ultimate
submission."
  That brought back my excitement. The fact that his friends were total
strangers to me made it even more exciting but I thought I should make
some protest.
  "Gee. Wouldn't you be jealous. You know how excited I get. I may enjoy
fucking them. I don't want you to hate me."
  "I don't think you will like it. They aren't very attractive. Besides,
you would only be doing things I told you to do to make me the envy of
them."
  "I guess I should do it. The fact their wives wouldn't should prove you
are a Master and I am your willing slave."
  "Great! I will set it up for friday night. I'll ask them over for
drinks."
  "What are you going to do to me?"
  "I am not going to tell you. I don't want it to look rehearsed. Just do
what you are told."
  He didn't whip me for the rest of the week and since we had become so
jaded neither of us was really interested in sex. I fantasized almost
constantly about things that may be done so by Friday I was ready for
anything.
  He came home from work early Friday and went out to the garage to
return with an electric drill. He rolled back our Persian rug to drill 
two holes in the floor to screw in metal rings about three feet apart
then screwed another in the ceiling beam above them. 
  I said, "You are putting those in to tie me. Why? You know I will
assume any pose you want for whipping. Won't tieing me make it look as if
I am being forced."
  "No. At the proper time I will tell you to prepare yourself and you
will go to these rings and buckle your ankles in cuffs then buckle your
wrists in other cuffs. Finally you will stretch up your arms as high as
you can to let me tighten the rope to the ceiling. I know it will really
excite them for you to make yourself totally helpless."
  I was sure it would. The idea certainly excited me. I was sure the time
it took me to tie myself would allow me to be more than ready for my
whipping especially since he would not tell me what he would use or how
many lashes.
  He put the rope and cuffs on a ladder in the next room so they would
have no clue about what would happen.
  He told me that they just expected me to be submissive and was only
hoping I would be told to strip and maybe get spanked.   
  Then he said it was time to dress me. I expected him to have me wear
something really sexy but he just had me put on tiny panties and bra then
a perfectly respectable cocktail dress that fit tightly to show my tiny
waist that accentuated my big boobs and butt. As I buttoned the several
buttons at the front I realized he had picked it because it would force
me to do a slow strip. 
  They arrived about eight. He was right. They weren't attractive. Bill
was nearly bald and paunchy. Jim was skinny and looked like a nerd in his
hornrim glasses and Joe looked evil with his beard that really didn't
hide his pockmarked face.
  I was anxious to get to the exciting part but I was teased by just
serving them drinks in small glasses that made me make several trips
while they made small talk. Even though I was completely covered they
stared at me so I teased them by walking slowly aceentuating the swing of
my hips and leaning over to serve them to let them see into my cleavage.
  Finally Bill started it by licking his full lips and saying, "Your wife
is really beautiful. That dress really shows off her tiny waist and nice
breasts."
  Bob said, "Yes she is but most importantly she will do anything I want.
Won't you Dee?"
  I pleased him and shocked them by saying, "Yes Master. Anything at all.
I was put on this earth only to please you."
  He said, "Come over here closer so they can have a better look."
  He moved the round table they had sat around and I stood in it's spot
within arms reach of all of them. Bob had me put my hands on my head to
raise my breasts to show more cleavage and turn slowly in front of them.
I really felt proud because just doing that was obviously exciting them.
  Then I gasped at greater excitement when Bob squeezed my ass cheek and
said, "She exercises every day to keep her body firm for me. Feel how
solid she is."
  To my surprise I blushed.
  Jim said, "That embarrasses her."
  Bob said, "Yes but she will let you do it because I want her to."
  I gasped again as all three of them reached for me. At first they just
felt my legs and butt. Since there was no potest they became bolder and
began rubbing my tummy and squeezing my breasts. Finally Joe let his hand
slide down my tummy to rub my pubic mound. I began to tremble with
excitement Bill misinterpreted this by saying, "We are frightening her."
  Bob said, "Only because she knows this is just the first step on a long
journey. Dee. They can't really appreciate you with all those clothes on.
Take them off for me."
  He got up and walked behind me.
  I moaned in excitement as I unbuttoned the first button. This was also
misinterpreted by Jim who said, "She doesn't want to but she will."
  I think I became more excited than they as I slowly unbuttoned the
dress revealing myself by inches while I gloried in their excited stares.
  I finally shrugged it off my shoulders to drop to the floor. I didn't
have to take off the bra and panties. The minute the dress hit the floor
Joe slid my panties down my legs while Jim unsnapped my bra.
  There were hands all over me but especiall on my hairless pussy they
found fascinating. Just after my legs were pulled apart to allow fingers
to sink into my pussy to make me pant and tremble Bob said loudly, "I
didn't tell you to let them fondle your nude body. You are a naughty
girl. Come take your punishment."
  I turned to see the rug had been pulled back to reveal the rings with
cuffs attached and the wrist cuffs swaying ominously from the ceiling. I
walked to him dazed by being so close to orgasm.
  When I got to him he said, "You allowed strange me to fondle all your
private parts and worse you enjoyed it. You deserve to be punished. Don't
you?"
  Yes Master. I deserve anything you want to do."
  "Fine. Prepare yourself."
  I spread my legs to buckle on the ankle cuffs realizing the wide spread
had opened my pussy lips by coolness as the liquid in it dried in a
breeze. then I put on the wristcuffs and reached up looking over at the
men. They were staring awestruck as Bill said, "Jesus. She is making
herself helpless!" Joe made me proud by saying, "God. That takes a lot of
courage."
  Bob pulled down on the rope to stretch me then tied it to a hook on the
wall. Jim made me proud by saying excitedly, "Jesus. Look at her! The
stretch makes her body look fantastic." The others agreed pointing out my
tiny waist made even smaller and my lifted boobs.
  Then Bob brought over a whip with leather thongs about two feet long
and said, "What needs to be punished?"
  "Every place they touched, Master."
  Jim said "Oh Jesus. We felt her tits and pussy."
  Joe revealed his meanness by saying, "Yeah. I can't wait to see those
big boobs jumping under that whip."
  Bill said in awe, "Imagine how her pussy lips will squirm."
  Bob moved to my side then there was a terrific sting as the lash went
across both my ass cheeks. It made me gasp then tremble as the sting
began to radiate through my body.
  Jim said excitedly, "God that must have hurt but she just gasped!"
  That seemed to signal them to jump out of their chairs to circle around
me to get a better look.
  Bob hit slowly to let me feel the sting radiate from my butt until Bill
said, "God. Look! All of her lily white ass has turned red!"
  Bob began forehanding and back handing my right thigh with the tips
hitting the tender inside. I gasped and shuddered as the sting radiated
into my pussy then squealed as the top thong on the last one ripped open
my slit.
  Bill grabbed his dick as he yelled, "Shit! Did you see that? Her gash
opened up!"
  Bob moved to my other side to do my other thigh as I continued to moan
and gasp with the last one again grazing my pussy lip to give me a taste
of what was to come.
  He stopped to watch my body pulsate with the other men as it began to
glow from my perspiration.
  Joe said, "God. She is getting a workout. Look at her sweat!" 
  Bill said in awe, "Yeah her body is glowing. This is awesome!"
  Bob stepped back and hit the center of my tummy to increase my
excitement followed by two more just above and below the first to let me
anticipate the movement towards my breasts and pussy. On the fourth one
he brought the lash upwards at the bottom of my breasts to make them jump
violently along with my excitement.
  Joe yelled, "Yeah! that's the way. Make them jump!"
  He hit down diagonally to cover the whole face of my pussy and I went
into orgasm only to reach stronger ones as he alternated lashes between
my boobs and pussy until I reached the ultimate orgasm when he stepped in
front of me to bring the whip up iinto my slit to sting my clitoris. I 
let my head fall as my body heaved from my hard breathing to see my red
breasts move as I felt them throb.
  Bill said, "Wow. That was some show. Is she alright?"
  Bob said, "She is fine. Just some red skin. She is sweating because it
makes her hot. Feel her."
  Then there were hands all over me again. The caresses felt good and
relieved the last of the stinging sensation. Joe stuck his fingers into
my pussy and exclaimed, "Jesus. This excited her. She is sopping wet."
  Bob said, "Yeah. Isn't that great. I don't have to feel guilty for
hitting her."
  Then the rope to my wrists began to loosen. I just let myself sink to
the floor still trying to catch my breath while they unfastened my cuffs.
They watched me curled in the foetal position a moment then Bill said,
"Christ. I need a drink."
  They went to the bar to make drinks and talk about me.  I felt proud
when Jim said, "She is awesome. You are a lucky man but my wife may be a
little like her. I gave her a birthday spanking and she got real
excited."
  Joe said, "Maybe I am doing it wrong. I only spank my wife when she has
overdrawn her checking account and she says it is humiliating to be
treated like a child."
  Bob said, "Hand spanking may bruise her and cause resentment and it
really isn't connected to sex unless you fuck her right afterwards."
  Jim agreed, "I always fuck my wife afterwards. She says that makes her
forget the pain."
  "The instrument makes a difference too and it helps if it is connected
to sex. When you fuck her take your belt to bed with you and have her get
on top. When she begins to get really excited slap her butt and breasts
with your belt. Dee loves that."
  He went to our bedroom and came back with our array of punishment
instruments. Bill picked up a leather quirt and swung it around finally
slapping it down on the bar top. The loud snap made me cringe as he said,
"This would make great stripes on an ass."
Jim picked out the willow switch and said, "This brings back memories. My
Dad used to use this on my ass. It really stung even over my shorts."
Then Joe picked up a thin springy bamboo cane and said, "I saw this used
in a German porno movie. They made her sit on the edge of a chair with
her legs spread and holding on to it's arms while they beat her pussy. I
wished I could understand German to know what they threatened to do to
her if she closed her legs because it must have taken great courage to
keep them open while it was beaten until it was red and swollen."
I made a little sob remembering how sore my pussy had been after being in
the sex show."
  I sat up and caressed my throbbing boobs noticing the redness was
fading. Bob noticed and said, "Good. She is alert." He brought me a tall
rum and coke I drank it greedily then handed him my glass for a refill.
While he was getting it the men came over. I started to get up but Jim
said, "No. Don't get up. Just rest for awhile."
  I put my hands on the floor behind me to brace my upper body and looked
at them fearfully since they were still carrying their instruments of
torture Bob had agreed not to use on me unless I was bad since they hurt
so much more than the whip.
  They were staring at my still red pussy so I selfconsciously
straightened my legs to clench my thighs together to hide it.
  Bill said, "No. No. No. Don't hide it. I love shaved pussies.
Especially red ones." as he put the guirt between my legs to tap on my
thighs. I opened them afraid he may hit hard. he kept tapping alternate
thighs until I had them widely spread. I don't know why it embarrassed
me. They had seen it for a long time but it seemed different to display
it that way. Then they began to play with me by lightly tapping their
instuments on my boobs and pussy. It began to reawaken my excitement just
as Bob returned to hand me my drink and say, "Is she being good?" 
Joe said, "Yeah. She made a mistake but she corrected it."
  Bill began sliding the quirt between my pussy lips to make it drag on
my clit as he said wistfully, "I suppose she has been punished enough but
I would love to see  how this may leave stripes on that nice round butt."
Bob said, "Oh I am sure she could take more. She was just excited by the
whipping. Wouldn't you like to prove your courage Dee?"
  That wasn't true. The first part had really hurt and it was only toward
the end my excitement let me ignore the pain besides I was tired and sure
more pain would never get me to the orgasm I just had.
  I said softly, "It wouldn't be fair. I haven't done anything wrong."
  Bob grinned and said, "I suppose that is true. Bill. Why don't you ask
her to do something. If she refuses it would be reason to punish her."
  Bill smiled broadly and said, "Dee. You got me all excited. Why don't
you suck my dick."
  He had unbuttoned his shirt and his bulging hairy belly drooping over
his belt was disgusting. I thought a spanking would be better than that
and I said, "No. You can spank me."
  Jim said, "How about me?"
  That would not be as bad so I said, "I will if Bob tells me to do it."
  Bob said, "That is up to you. If you would rather betray me than get a
little pain, do it."
  That left me no choice. Bob had told me that if I ever betrayed him he
would whip me with the long buggy whip until I passed out then hang me
upside down to whip me more.
  I sobbed and said "No. You can spank me too."
  Jim said, "Are you sure. I plan to spank your boobs."
  I groaned at the thought of the switch on my boobs as I said, "I'm
sure."
  Then Joe said, "If you don't blow me I'll spank your pussy."
  I sobbed, "No I can't betray Bob."
  Bill helped me up and led me over to our overstuffed chair and had me
bend over the back and hold on to the arms.
Bill said, "How many spanks?"
  Bob said, "Oh twenty should do it."
  Bill said, "Wow! It will be one big welt!"
  I had been only hit five times before when I had to beg him to stop
because of the terrible pain and I panicked whining, "No. Not twenty."
  Bob came over to say in my ear, "I told them you were courageous. Are
you going to make a liar out of me?" I whimpered "No."
  He stepped back and said, "Ask the nice man to give you twenty spanks."
  I managed to say, "Please give me twenty spanks."
  The first ten were awful and the tenth right at crease between my
buttcheeks and thighs hurt so much I screamed and stood up to put my
hands over my butt. 
  Joe said, "I'll hold her down." He pinched my nipples with both hands
and pulled me back down stretching my boobs out in cone shapes as I
grabbed his wrists to try to lessen the pull. 
  Either my as had gone numb or I was distracted by the pain to my
nipples because the last ten on my butt did not seem as bad.
  Bob said, "She owes a little extra for standing up. Why don't you butt
fuck her."
  His dick was wide which stretched my ass hole as his belly slapped
against my throbbing ass while Joe jerked on my nipples. unbelievably I
came!"
  They stood me up and someone gave me another drink while they studied
and stroked my stinging throbbing butt saying that it would be solid
black and blue tomorrow. 
  I didn't want to see it but the stroking seemed to help and by the time
I had finished my drink the stinging part went away leaving just the
throbbing which was not unpleasant.
  Jim came over and started stroking my boobs reminding me they were the
next target. I looked at Bob and said, "Please let me suck him."
  He said, "Maybe later." which made it sound like I just wanted to suck
him not avoid punishment but before I could protest he kissed me then
said in my ear. "Be brave. If You aren't we will tie you and give you
twice as many."
  Jim had me back up to the center post and told me to keep my hands on
my head. That lifted my boobs to make great targets and I grabbed my hair
to help me keep my hands there.
  The first one just below my nipples was not too hard and just stung a
little. I thought I could take them easily but Joe said, "You wimp! You
have to hit harder than that to make them jump."
  The next sunk in to cause deep pain. Joe yelled, "Yeah! That's better."
  I am afraid I encouraged him by clenching my teeth to stop my screams
and gripping my hair tighter. I am surprized I didn't pull out my hair as
they went on with really terrible ones when they crossed my nipples.but
again by the tenth or so they didn't seem so bad either because they
became numb or Jim felt sorry for me and let up a little. I may have had
another orgasm if it had continued but it was over and I was led on
shaking legs to a pillow against the wall for my head as I laid on my
back. Bob squirted some Massage Oil on my stinging boobs and Jim began
massaging them. It felt good and got better when Joe put more oil on my
tummy and then my tummy and pussy began getting massaged. I was almost at
orgasm  when Bob said, Her boobs have swollen and are now slick. Why
don't you fuck them."
  Jim took off his pants and shorts the straddled my stomach to put his
dick in my cleavage then made me gasp as he squeezed my red throbbing
boobs over his dick and began pumping back and forth. The pillow had
tilted my head forward and his long skinny dick began beating against my
lips. I opened my mouth to let the head slide in to rub it with my tongue
as Joe continued to massage and finger my pussy. I went into orgasm just
as Jim's cum spurt into my mouth.
  Then they let me up and gave me another drink. I walked over to a
mirror to look at my tits. They were covered with dark red welts and
still swollen and throbbing. The nipples were hard and when I touched
them they were so sensitive my gentle touch sent tingles all through my
boobs. I was amazed I had the courage to keep my hands on my head
throughout the ordeal. They were impressed too and gushed out compliments
on my fantastic courage. I began to feel very proud of myself and was
actually glad they were so damaged to prove I had really suffered. I was
sure that escept for my clit my pussy would not be nearly as sensitive as
my tits. It was nearly white now and my clit was tingling just at the
anticipation as I imagined the lips turning darker and darker red.
  Evidentally Jim felt sorry for me because he said to Joe, "Don't you
think she has suffered enough. She has proved her courage maybe you
should pass on the pussy spanking."
  Joe said reluctantly, "Yeah I guess you are right."
  I should have been grateful but I amazed them and myself when I said,
"No. It is not fair to cheat you of your turn. I suppose you want me like
the girl in the movie."
  Joe brightened up to say excitedly. "Yeah. That would be perfect."
  I went over to the chair to put my ass on the edge of the seat then
leaned back and spread my legs. Then at the last second I decided to show
total submission by bringing my legs back to rest them on the arms
knowing that would make every inch available and would open my slit.
  He kneeled between my legs and brought the cane back behind his head to
make a whistle as it stung the left lip nearly at the slit. It hurt more
than I had anticipated and I screamed, "Aaow" and brought down my legs to
squeeze my thighs together. That seemed to help and he grinned when I
brought them back up on the arms. The next to the other lip was no better
but I managed to keep my legs on the arms. He let me absorb the pain as
he got up to move by my side to bring it down diagonally across both
lips. It sunk in to sting the inner lips and brought pain clear into my
guts. He evidentally wanted it to last because he slowly moved to the
other side to hit that diagonally to make an X. The delay was good. It
let me absorb the pain and allow excitement to rise. He kept changing
positions and aiming to make sure every inch was turned red as my
excitement continued to climb. 
  For the last four he knelt between my legs and brought it down right
into my open gash to let the tip hit my clit. He didn't hit nearly as
hard and I went into orgasm. I was pumping my hips to meet the cane when
he stopped. Jim said, "Jesus! The least you can do is kiss it."
  He leaned forward and his tongue licked the sides then began fluttering
against my gorged clit. My orgasms became so strong I passed out.
  Thery must have carried me to bed because I woke up later lying next to
Bob. I didn't hurt anywhere and I began to think that I had just had a
dream but decided to get up and go to the bathroom to look at my body.
That confirmed it was no dream. There were bruises on my breasts and
pussy and my butt was nearly all black and blue but it didn't hurt.
Seeing the bruises re-awakened the excitement  they had brought I touched
my nipples and clit which seemed to be extra sensitive and played with
myself until I had a nice orgasm.
  When I went back to bed Bob was sitting onthe edge and said, "Where did
you go? I was worried about you."
  I giggled and said," Did you think I ran away?"
  "Well there was that possibility. The guys got a lot rougher than I
expected. Are you alright?"
  "I have some bruises but I don't hurt anymore. Are you proud of me? I
tried to be brave for you."     
  "Oh God. Yes! You are one in a million. I never want to lose you."
  I suddenly realized that my submission had actually given me power over
him.I kissed him and said, "I love you. I'll never leave you as long as
you are nice to me between punishments."
  "Oh you won't believe how nice I will be. Did it embarrass you to be
punished in front of my friends?"
  "Yes but they made me proud too by saying no other girl would be as
brave. I guess you know it was not all bad. I did have some wonderful
orgasms."
  "Yes that is what makes it all the better for me. I could never find
anyone like you."
  That seemed to confirm that I was irreplaceable and othe confirmation
came from the fact he began bringing some kind of preasent home almost
every day and took me to my favorite restaurants and bars.
  He actually became to be too nice. He told me I had proven I would do
anything for him and that he didn't want me badly hurt again. He no
longer whipped me for no reason and I missed it. I even began to confess
to things just to give him an excuse. Even then he never whipped me hard
or long enough to get the fantastic orgasms although it did excite me
enough to get a smaller one from the sex that followed.
  I was between a rock and a herd place. If I asked for a more severe
whipping it would destroy the concept that I only accepted them because I
loved him but I had become addicted to the mindblowing orgasms from
almost unbearable pain. 
  Then unexpected phone call solved the problem. I heard a strange
woman's voice say, "Dee? Hi, I am Claire Johnson. You don't know me but I
am Bill Johnson's wife."
  I panicked. I immediately assumed she had found out about our orgy and
would want me to testify in a divorce. The strange thing was that she
sounded friendly. I calmed myself enough to say, "Oh yes. He is my
husband's friend. What can I do for you?"
  I just called because we have something in common. Bill told me that
Bob had let them watch your punishment and I am grateful to know I am not
the only woman being spanked."
  I said, "Oh God. I am embarrassed. What did he tell you?"
  Just that you were punished with a whip with thongs. That is why I am
grateful. Bill bought one and it is much better than his hard hand
spankings. In fact it kind of excites me. Am I just weird or does it
excite you too?"
  "Yes. I am so glad you called. I thought I was weird. Let's get
together for a drink and talk about it."
  She agreed and we made a date at my house on Saturday when Bob and the
boys were going out of town for a golf tournament. 
  When I told Bob she was coming over he seemed surprised then said, "You
aren't going to tell her about the other night are you?"
  She arrived early. When I opened the door I was surprised to see two
other girls. They were introduced as Jan, Jim's Wife and Bobbi, Joe's
wife.
  I said, "Jesus. Did all the husbands talk about me? Are you mad at me
for putting on a show?"
  Claire said, "Oh no. It wasn't your fault and we can't blame them for
getting excited. Bill told me and I told them. They are also grateful
since Jim switched to a belt and Joe stopped using his nasty fraternity
paddle."
  Bobbi who only looked about sixteen years old said, "It is wonderful!
The paddle bruised awful!" she blushed and went on to say, "I had to
agree to let him spank my front too but it is more than worth it. I get
excited like Jan and Claire. How could we be mad at you. They were so
excited when they got home they made love to us for hours.
  Jan said, "Is it true you got naked for your punishment. That had to
excite you. Claire and I got drunk one night and entered an amateur strip
contest. It was really exciting to turn on all those men."
  Bobbi said, "Gee you girls are brave. I have fantasized about that but
I don't think I would have the nerve to actually do it."
  I blushed and said, "Bob made me do it but I have to admit it was
exciting and that makes it easier to take the whipping."
  Claire said, "Ooh you said whipping. Bill just said you were spanked."
  I realized I had revealed too much but it was too late. "Yeah. Well
like Bobbi I found it was better to be whipped front and back that only
turned me red rather than have my butt bruised."
  Jan said, "Claire told us you were tied up for it. How did he do it?"
  I went to the rug and flipped it over then hiked up my skirt to allow
my legs to reach the rings then stretched up my hands to point at the
hook in the ceiling.
  Jan said, "Jesus, it must be frightening to be all naked and helpless."
  "Yes but that just seems to add to the excitement."
  Bobbi sighed and quavered, Oh yess. Could I try it?"
  I got the ankle cuffs and the rope with the wrist cuffs still attached.
While I snapped the wrist cuffs to the rings Claire got the ladder to
hook on the rope.
  Bobbi shakily walked over and spread her legs to reach the rings. I
said, "You can't really get the idea unless you are naked."
  Bobbi blushed and said, "Ooh. That is too embarrassing."
  Clair said, "Come on! You have been naked in the shower with girls
hundreds of times."
  "That was different but I guess you are right."
  She took off her clothes and stood there trembling with excitement
while we put on the cuffs. 
  I went over to the wall and pulled up her arms until they were straight
up but when I stopped she moaned, "No. Tighter."
  Jan said, "God Bobbi. You look great. Yor baby fat has disappeared.
Your tummy is in so much you can see your ribs."
  "Really? It feels good too. Do you have a mirror?"
  I have a full length mirror on casters. I rolled it in to face her.
  "Oh gosh. I do look good. Better than I ever have."
  I said, "She still isn't really naked with that hairy pussy. I'll get
my clippers."
  "Oh no! How could I explain it to Joe?"
  It didn't sound like a real protest and Claire provided the excuse. 
  "Just tell him your gynecologist suggested it to help you keep it clean
to avoid yeast infections. That's what I told Bill."
  "Oh I do get yeast infections. Do it."
  While I trimmed the hair Jan began feeling her body saying "Oh the
stretch makes your body so firm. Even your boobs are tight."
  The combination of the caresses along with the vibration of my clippers
all around her clit soon had her panting in excitement but then Claire
slid her finger into Bobbi's slit and said, "Wow. She loves this. She is
really wet."
  That embarrassed Bobbi. She blushed all the way to her boobs and said,
"Let me down now."
  Jan said, "It would be anti-climatic to let you down now. You should
feel the whip."
  I expected protest but she said softly, "Yes. I deserve to be punished
for allowing this. Let Dee do it just as she was punished, but not too
hard. I couldn't explain bruises."
  The idea appealed to me. I knew where and how hard to hit to bring on
orgasms and also thought it would excite me since I would know exactly
how it felt but I thought she should know what she was in for.
  "Are you sure?  I was hit all over. Even my boobs."
  She moaned, "Oh God.. Your boobs. Was it awful?"
  "No. I was too excited to notice pain."
  She let out a little sob then said, "Do it."
  "Okay but if it gets too much just tell me to stop."
  I got my whip which made her eyes widen then started on her butt. I
knew that would start the excitement to allow me to move on to the more
sensitive areas of her tummy, boobs, and finally, crotch.
  Jan and Claire stood on each side of the mirror which Bobbi stared into
as my whip shuddered her asscheeks. I saw her excitement rising and moved
to her thighs working higher as I skipped over her pussy to redden her
tummy and then to her boobs. She let out a scream when the whip hit her
boobs but didn't say "Stop" so I made them shudder a few more times
before a final across both nipples. Again there was a scream but no
protest so I began hitting down on her pussy dragging the thongs up
through her slit until she screamed, "I'm cumming!"
  Jan and Claire looked as if they were in shock. Jan fnally said,
"Jesus!. She came!  I thought it would be exciting but I had no idea it
could give orgasms."
  Claire said in awe, "Me either. I want to try it."
  Jan said, "Me too. Let's do it together. Back to back. I have had my
butt spanked. I want something new."
  We helped Bobbie down and helped her to the couch. She unashamedly dug
at her pussy in a futile attempt to get back her fantastic orgasm.
  Jan and Claire stripped. then stood back to back with their legs at the
cuffs. The strap was barely long enough to go around both ankles and
their wrists. They gasped in excitement just at the stretch as I pulled
up their arms. Then I began backhanding and fore handing their thighs
slowly working up to their boobs to make them shudder violently then back
down to give lash after lash across their pussy lips. Claire had the
advantage of the mirror and came first so I moved in front of Jan and
rubbed the thongs against her wet slit. She said dazedly, "Hit it. Hit it
hard!" I brought the whip up from the floor to distort the lips as the
center thong entered the wet gash to drag against her clit. Two more
brought a scream and violent pumping of her hips as liquid drooled from
her pussy.
  Bobbi came over to slide her hands over their pussies as she said
dazedly, "It's wonderful. Isn't it?"
  Jan and claire moaned, God yes. Oh Yes!"
  I loosened their rope as Bobbi dropped to her knees to unbuckle the
ankle cuffs. As soon as I had the wristcuffs off they turned to kiss each
other grinding their boobs and pussies together until Claire must have
been embarrassed by Bobbi and my avid stares and pushed Jan away.
  Jan said, "God. I need a drink!" The others agreed so I went to the bar
to make them while they sat on the couch. I was amused that like me they
could not resist caressing their red pussies.
  When I took over the drinks I said, "I feel strange. I am the only one
with clothes on."
  Jan grinned and said, "You are supposed to have clothes. You are the
headmistress."
  They began discussing how their excitement had risen and agreed the
suspense and anticipation as the lash slowly came closer to their clits
had been excruciating and that they were all sorry I had stopped when I
did as they were sure they might have had an even greater climax. As they
talked they caressed their red bodies and Jan said, "It is good the boys
will not be back tomorrow so the red can go away."
  I told her it would be gone in less than an hour.
  Then out of the blue Claire whimpered. "Oh God. I have been ruined. A
simple fucking will be nothing after this."
  I said, "Yeah. That is a problem I have been wrestling with. If I tell
him I need to be whipped to cum it may ruin the image I have of only
accepting his punishment out of love. Without that he may just think I am
some kind of pervert and become disgusted. I would really miss his
efforts to make up for punishment with gifts and entertainment."
  Jan said, "Yeah me too. When he left welts on my ass he bought me an
expensive gold bracelet. Somehow I am going to have to get him to hit my
front. It is twice as exciting as just my butt."
  "I have an idea that may get them used to that. I had this weird dream
where I was playing poker with several men but while they were playing
for money my losses had to be paid by lashes. I woke up just as I was
being tied for a hundred lashes. I was so excited I had to finish myself
with masturbation."
  Jan said, "Oh Jesus. I couldn't take a hundred."
  "Sure you could. It isn't the amount. It is the severity. ten hard ones
with a quirt is worse than a hundred with the whip. You know a belt or
whip is better than something solid like a hand or paddle."
  That convinced them and they told me to set up the game. Jan said, "It
looks like a no lose proposition. If we win we can go shopping and if we
lose we could get fantastically excited."
  Claire said, Maybe, but it is still scarey. I hope I get lucky and
win."
  Bobbi giggled and said, "I hope I get lucky and lose."
  When Bob got home I told him what had happened. He was upset, "Shit! I
can't believe was stupid enough to tell his wife. He should have known
she would tell the others."
  "No. It is alright. He didn't tell her everything. Just that I had done
something wrong and you had let them watch my punishment. The guys
followed your advice and switched to belts or whips. The girls don't hate
being punished now."
  I told him about the poker party which he thought was a great idea and
helped me set up the rules which he typed out on his computer. We decided
to set up the game on the next friday so everyone could sleep late.
  They arrived about eight o'clock. Bill was carrying a whip like mine,
Jim carried a broomstick with leather bootlaces atached to the end while
Joe had a wide belt. Like me the girls had gone to beauty salons and were
wearing their sexiest cocktail dresses. We all looked fabulous.
  We made them drinks and sat them at the table then Bob passed out the
rules. The guys were to buy a hundred dollars worth of colored chips for
themselves and a hundred white chips for their wives. At the end of the
game girls could buy back white chips with their colored chips. I had
spent hours putting the initials of us girls on the three hundred chips.
  Only Bill complained that this could cost him two hundred dollars. Bob
said, "It could be more. If a girl loses all her chips she will have to
get up and strip then serve drinks. Guys can buy more chips to give them
a chance to use the whip."
  We were playing "Texas Holdem" In that game you are dealt two cards
face down for your ante of a dollar. If you don't like them you can throw
them away and only lose a dollar or you can bet two dollars to see the
"Flop." then three cards were dealt out face up for all to use. Then you
bet three dollars to see another card and then four to see the last.
After the last card you could bet five which could be raised by other
players up to fifteen.
  Claire was evidentally still scared because she played very
conservatively throwing away her cards unless she had a pair or an ace
with another card of the same suit. It didn't work well because when she
held her cards and bet after the flop everyone except the strongest hands
dropped out and then only called to keep the loss down if she won so the
pots she won were small.
  Bobbi and I played every hand at least until the flop. We were lucky at
first and made everyone groan at the end when we would turn over a three
and four or some other odd combination to make a straight or flush.
  On one hand I had two fours down. I bet two dollars and Claire raised
it to four. I knew she must have a high pair and should have dropped out
but I called along with some other players. On the flop their was an Ace
a four and an eight. I now had three fours. I bet and Claire raised. I
looked again and saw the ace and eight were both spades. I thought she
may have a king and queen of spades and was hoping for a flush so I
called. The next card was an eight. I now had a full house so I bet no
longer caring about the flush. She just called but another player raised.
I just called thinking he may have an ace and eight in the hole I called
anyway only to have Claire re-raise.  I had so many chips in by then I
decided to see the last card. Miraculously it was a four. I now had four
fours. I bet only to be raised by Claire the other player groaned and
said I can't throw this away and called. I re-raised.  Claire and the
other player called then Claire triumphantly turned over two aces to show
the best possible full house. The other player had the flush and I
squealed and showed my two fours.
  Claire was pissed saying, "You dumb bitch. How could you stay in with
those lousy fours. You know I play good cards."
  I just grinned as I pulled in the huge pile of chips.
  On the next hand claire only had four chips left. She said, "To hell
with it. Good cards mean nothing when playing with idiots and just bet
without looking at her hand until she was broke. I had two kings in the
hole which won and I watched gleefully as she got up whimpering knowing
she would get a hundred lashes and stripped.
  I enjoyed her humiliation of being the only one naked which was
increased as she brought drinks and had her butt, boobs or pussy fondled
or pinched as she served.
  Then Bobbi went broke. Claire seemed relieved she would no longer be
alone and followed Bobbi's lead in not shrinking back when fondled.
  I stacked my chips and suddenly realized I only had a few white ones. I
looked around and saw that the men and Jan had hoarded the white chips
only playing with colored ones. Joe had even bought more colored chips
rather than risk his white ones.
  My luck began to go bad. For instance on one hand I had a nine and ten.
King queen and Jack came out to make my straight, I bet heavily only to
find Joe had an ace and a ten to make a bigger straight. It kept going
like that until I had only fifty colored chips. Jan was also down to
twenty white chips but on the last hand won fifty colored ones to add to
the sixty she already had.
  She crowed, "I won. Who has my eighty chips. I am buying them all
back."
  Bob reminded her she had to buy white chips from the biggest winner and
they could be anyones.
  Joe was the big winner and he reluctantly sold her eighty chips. That
brought his pile down low enough to make Bob the big winner so I bought
fifty from him.
  We began stacking them according to initials. Jqan said, "Shit. Out of
eighty chips only thirty are mine."
  I said "What are you bitching about I only got ten of mine."
  She suggested we trade her initials for mine. 
  The guys complained but Bob said, " We didn't think of this when we
were making the rules so I guess it is all right."
  We traded chips and began counting them. Jan said, "I am down to thirty
lashes but I suppose they will all land on my ass, tits, and pussy."
  Jim said, "Wrong. Just tits and pussy."
  She said, "Oooh." but I don't think it was a protest.
  I now had forty of my chips and ten of Claires. when I announced that
Jim said, "I don't have any of Claire's. I'll trade you for yours."
  I thought that was perfect for me. It should be neough to get me into
orgasm but not much more.
  Just for something different they had Claire slowly remove my clothes
while Bobbi stripped Jan. They were told to fondle our bodies as they
exposed it. By the time we were naked Jan and I were highly excited.
  Then they had Bobbi and Claire cut cards to see who would hang from the
ceiling and who would be bound face out to the hooks Bob had put in the
wall.
  Claire got the wall and whimpered, Oh no. They will all fall on my
front."
  Bobbi said, "I'll trade with you."
  Claire accepted gratefully and the guys had Jan and I put them in
bondage. When they were tight the guys went to them to fondle their boobs
and pussy which increased their level of excitement. Claire sobbed when
Bill said, "Your cowardice wll save you nothing. You will still get them
on your front."
  Since Jan and I had less lashes they gave us the choice of being tied
in a back bend over the couch or to assume any pose untied. It would
allow me to prove my courage by being untied so I chose that. Jan said,
"I guess I will try that too. If I don't have the courage I can always be
tied."
  Jim said, "If we have to tie you we will start over."
  She said, "Oh shit. I could get a lot more but I think I will try it."
  Then they went to each of us to count out chips. They were smart with
Claire and Bobbi only hitting hard enough to bring on excitement. I
thought Jan was luckiest since only Jim and Bob had her chips so she only
had to take two poses. Bob evidentally wanted her to refuse so they could
tie her and start over because he had her sit on the edge of a chair and
hold her pussy open with her thumbs while he  swung the bootlaces
directly into her open gash. It had to hurt but the laces became soaked
from her juices and when he quit she slid her fingers into her pussy and
squeezed and rubbed her clit between her thumbs until she let out a loud
sigh and fell over to lie on her side.
  All four of them had my chips so I had to take four poses causing a
delay just as I was on that terrible edge before orgasm. Joe had me kneel
then lean forward to hold on to the coffee table while he straddled me to
bring the whip around my sides to rip at my tits for eight. Bob had me
get into his favorite pose with my hands on my head and knees apart while
he gave me six across my breasts and six to my pussy. Jim had me get on
my hands and knees then let my front down to rest my boobs on the rug
with my legs spread while he spanked the crack of my ass with the tips
hitting my pussy. for ten.  Bill had me to a back bend over the backrest
of the couch  while he alternated lashes to my breasts and pussy until I
was just at the edge of orgasm I whined. "Just hit my pussy." He did for
the last eight that gave me one orgasm after another.
  After it was over they let us girls sit on the couch and got us drinks.
We compared notes. It turned out all of us had at least one orgasm and
Claire said, "You were right. A hundred was not too many. I even asked
Bill for a few more on my pussy to bring on the ultimate orgasm."
  The rest of the night was just orgy. The guys drew card for a
cocksucking contest. I got Jim who's skinny long dick could get into my
throat to make him cum first which won me forty dollars.
  When they recovered they had a fucking contest. All of us girls got on
top to gyrate madly on their dicks. Jan got Bill to cum first. He said
she had a fantastic pussy that squeezed like a wet fist. She grabbed her
forty then told us how to do exercises to strengthen our pussy muscles.
  The boys were fucked out so we girls had a sixty nine contest only to
end when one of us couldn't cum anymore. That turned out to be me. Jan
had a fantastic tongue she could flutter on my clit.
  It has been great ever since. The boys are smart enough not to go past
our pain limits. We subscribe to all the S&M magazines for new ideas and
also to contact other clubs like ours. 

                                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





