BDSM Library - Cherie




Cherie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This high school girl falls in love with senior hunk but realizes only way she can keep him is by being totally submissive to any thing he wants.
Cherie
by Allene

Story about cherie,Tammy,Liz,Jo, Mike, Bob, Rod, Jim

     Mom and Dad were addicted to Cop shows on television. They were
really amazed on domestic violence cases where the woman would not press
charges. I was a total romantic dreaming of loving someone so much I would
endure anything for him like a woman I saw in a movie that accepted
torture rather than betray her lover. I could understand them except I was
disgusted that the men hit their faces which could cause a lot of damage.
     At seventeen I fell in love with a senior boy. He dated me and was
great but unfortunately he also dated other girls that were as pretty as
me.
     I decided that the only way I could make him loyal only to me was by
pleasing him more than any other girl.
     When he admired a girl in a tiny micro skirt and half shirt that
revealed her belly button and the dimples above her butt showing her legs
up to the curve of her ass I immediately remodeled a mini-skirt to be even
shorter and cut off a t-shirt just below my bra.
     I was rewarded by his comment that I looked beautiful and when he
said it would even be sexier without my bra I immediately went to a
bathroom and took it off. My big boobs drooped just enough to show the
bottom curves. He loved it. 
     Naturally he could not resist fondling them and my butt which led to
my first sex. I loved it! I had never been so thrilled in my life. Best of
all he liked it too and began going steady with me.
     He fucked me in every position and on anything imaginable and I
became addicted to the orgasms.
     Unfortunately he eventually became used to me and I would notice him
looking at other girls. 
     In order to make him think only of me I told him I would satisfy any
of his sexual fantasies. This led to giving him blow-jobs and being butt-
fucked. It wasn't too bad because sometimes I only sucked him until he was
excited enough to fuck me and when he butt-fucked me he would use his
fingers on my pussy to let me get to orgasm.
     We both had our houses to ourselves during the day since both our
parents worked. That allowed him to keep me naked or nearly naked all the
time. Sometimes just to be different he would design little costumes for
me. He first made little bikini bathing suits by tying string to little
triangles first of cloth then of gauze and finally just plastic wrap. He
would have me dance or do poses until he was horny enough to fuck me.
Naturally I tried to be as sexy as possible. Then he made a costume by
just sticking shiny duct tape to my pussy and nipples. When he got horny
and ripped off the tape my pussy hair ripped out with it. I whimpered he
had hurt me but he liked the look of my pussy with most of the hair gone.
That was my introduction to pain in our relationship. He insisted he put
on more tape until every hair was gone. I told him it really hurt but then
said he could only because I loved him so much. He was really impressed I
would suffer for him but that didn't make him kinder he put on the tape
then pulled it off very slowly to make the pain last as long as possible.
My only consolation was him saying, "God. You really do love me." as I
whimpered and grimaced as the hair was slowly pulled out. Then he made it
all worth it when my pussy was entirely bald by saying, "You deserve a
reward." He began kissing my pussy and then flicked his tongue on my clit
until I had a great orgasm.
     I thanked him saying that felt wonderful but he said, "I knew you
would like it but it does nothing for me. It will just be for rewards when
you have really pleased me."
     It was pretty plain I would only get that reward after I suffered but
it seemed worth it, The pain only lasted a short time but having my clit
licked seemed to give pleasure for a long time.
     His next costume was just a couple of ropes. He wrapped a skinny rope
around the bases of my boobs to make them into firm balls then tied it
around my neck to pull them up. He took a thicker hemp rope that had
little strands like stickers coming out of it which he pulled tight into
the crack of my butt and between my pussy lips. It wasn't too bad at first
but then he had me dance for him and soon my boobs had turned maroon and
were throbbing and my clit and asshole felt raw. I whimpered that it hurt
awful but that just seemed to make his dick harder as he said, "Okay.
We'll take it off as soon as you get me off with that great mouth." He was
cruel about that too pulling his dick away to tell me to lick his balls
or kiss his stomach which made him last twice as long before his cum shot
into my mouth. It earned me a reward. He took off the ropes to lick my
clit and it seemed even more exciting now that my clit was so tender.
     He made sure I had multiple orgasms then we both laid back on the
couch to rest. He turned on the TV and began channel sufing until he found
an exercise program. He thought it would be fun to watch me do the
exercises naked. I had never thought watching them do aerobics was very
sexyin their sweats but I found that doing them naked was super sexy since
the moves kept my boobs shaking and other moves had my legs so open my
pussy lips opened up until the pink inner flesh showed. 
     When the time was up I found I was not in great condition. I was
exhausted but horny. I was glad he fucked me missionary style since I
didn't have to work so hard.
     The next afternoon he found the program just as it started so this
time I had the whole thirty minutes. I just couldn't do it. I had to quit
after about twenty minutes panting and covered with sweat.
     He said that I should be ashamed of myself for being a quitter. Then
said, "I know how to get you to try harder. Anytime you don't finish the
program you will be punished with a spanking."
     I begged him not to do it saying that I had really tried but just
asking him not to do it without threatening to leave encouraged him.
     He had me lean over the back of the couch and spanked me with his
belt. It really hurt and I blubbered I would try harder which just made it
plain I would expect to be punished again if I failed. I hoped he would
lick my pussy to make up for my burning tingling butt. He said there would
be no reward after deserved punishment but at least it made him horny
enough to fuck me which helped.
     I began doing extra exercises at night to get in shape and I was able
to do the whole half hour. It had a side benefit that made us both happy.
My legs and butt got really firm and my tummy shrunk to make my boobs look
bigger.
     He began enjoying showing me off by walking around town or on the
beach with my boobs moving unrestrained under my half shirt and my buns
flashing at any breeze to lift my skirt since I began wearing thong
panties he liked. It was embarrassing to have men staring at me but at the
same time I was proud that he thought I was beautiful and the staring men
seemed to confirm it.
     It was wonderful all through spring break but then we had to go back
to school which had a dress code and I had to be covered.
     At first he was satisfied knowing I was naked under my outer clothes
proving it by backing me into a corner in the halls to reach under my
skirt to fondle my butt or pussy. It embarrassed me knowing other kids
could tell what he was doing but I thought it didn't matter since they
couldn't see anything and it excited me.
     At his suggestion I began bringing my micro-skirts and half-shirts to
school to change into in his car in the parking lot. There were times boys
going to their cars would get a glimpse of my naked boobs when I changed
but he seemed delighted by their stares and it was exciting to me. Best of
all he rewarded me for being obedient by licking my pussy and clitoris. It
brought wonderful orgasms which made any embarrassment worthwhile.
     Rob came to me all excited saying one of his friend's father had
bought a little farm to keep their horses but his Mother didn't want to
live there since it was so isolated in the boonies and they were just
going to leave it vacant. He said it was an ideal place for parties
because there were no neighbors to call the cops.
     It wasn't until our first beer party that I knew how much he wanted
to show me off. After a few beers he said, "This party is getting boring.
I think you should liven it up by giving us a strip tease."
     I thought I had shown enough being embarrassed when he lifted my
skirt to fondle my butt in front of other boys and the thought that I
would be terribly naked since I had kept the hair shaved off my pussy when
he told me he didn't like eating my pussy with hair in his mouth. I said,
"I couldn't. It would be too embarrassing and everyone at school would
find out."
     To my dismay he just said, "Okay. I thought you were as proud of your
body as I am." He just wandered off and then I saw him talking to another
girl while fondling her butt. Her response was just excited giggles.
     I couldn't have that so I went to him and said meekly, "I'll do a
strip if that is what you want. You know I will do anything for you."
     He made it plain that I was being submissive by announcing loudly,
"This party is getting boring. Cherie has agreed to do a strip-tease to
please me. Would that please you?" 
     There were cheers and applause and to my surprise even the girls
giggled and clapped their hands.
     I was a star! Everyone stared at me enthralled and the idea made me
proud and excited.
     I had seen strippers in "R" rated movies and tried to act like them.
I stripped as slowly as possible but since all I had on was my micro-skirt
and shirt I was naked right away. Some moves brought applause and I
repeated them such as raising my arms and shaking my boobs or doing the
splits and back bends that opened my bald pussy lips.
     The song ended to a burst of applause but it was kind of a anti-
climax since I didn't know what to do then. I started to put my clothes
back on but Rob grabbed them to throw them in a corner to say, "It is too
late to put them on. Everyone has seen you naked."
     "But it is embarrassing. I am the only one naked which makes it
worse."
     "Yes that is what makes it so special for me. I am the only guy whose
girl will be naked to please me. I checked. The other guys couldn't get
their girls to do a strip. Just do this for me. You know it makes you
excited."
     He gave me a hug and I decided that he was right. They had all seen
me and it was too late to worry about it, also it did make me feel special
to make all of them excited. 
     A consolation was the fact that all of the boys who brought girls
left to go to bedrooms proving I had made them super excited.
     I whispered to him that I wanted to go to a bedroom too but he said,
"In a little while. I want you to get really excited."
     He wasn't through showing me off. He led me to his boy-friends and
said," She is beautiful and in great shape. Feel how firm she is."
     I was embarrassed but couldn't avoid being excited as boys fondled my
firm butt and tight tummy even lifting my boobs to comment on their
beautiful round shape with hardly any sag considering their weight. I kept
getting more excited until I was breathing in little pants until suddenly
I felt frar when one of the boys squeezed both of my butt-cheeks and said,
"God. It is so firm. It is perfect for spanking."
     Rob said, "Yeah I had to spank her with my belt. It just shivered
when hit but she didn't like it much. I'll bet she wouldn't mind a
birthday spanking with just your hands if you asked nice."
     I was really embarrassed. I had never told anyone he had spanked me and
the thought of guys I didn't even like doing it was too much. 
     I said, "No! Never! Spankings hurt! I haven't done anything wrong and
my birthday was months ago."
     I realized they knew who had the power when they ignored me and
begged Rob to let them spank me. The convincer was when one of the boys
said, "I have a couple of joints in the car. If you let us spank her I'll
give them to you."
     I cringed when Rob said, "Is it good?" and the boy answered, "Primo!"
     Rob said, "Great. Cherie. Let's go for it."
     I pleaded. No Rob. Please don't make me do this."
     I realized later that my statement just let them know I could be
forced into it. Rob looked at me angrily and said, "You know I hate it
when you disobey. I may have to use a switch on you."
     That scared me. My dad had just hit me once on my bare legs when I
made him mad. It had stung for several minutes and I Knew Rob would not be
satisfied with just one.
     I hung my head and said humbly, "No. Not that. I'll do it."
     I went over to bend over the back of the couch but they didn't want
that. One of them said, "We might as well be comfy. Why don't we just sit
on the couch while she crawls past us on her hands and knees."
     That seemed worse. By lying over the couch passively I could keep the
illusion I was being forced. Their way meant I would be participating.
     Rob loved the idea. He had me get on my hands and knees next to the
first boy's legs. Then he told me to drop down on my elbows. This raised
my ass but worse I knew being bent over so far would make my pussy pooch
out behind me. I made a little gasp when my nipples made contact with the
stickery nap of the rug.
     Then the first boy said, "How old is she?" Rob answered, "Sixteen."
     I cringed when he said,"Oh wow. Thirty nine spanks will have her butt
as red as a cherry."
     He began spanking me but thankfully he was just hitting me with his
fingers which just caused a sting and tingle but then I found there would
be more than just spanking. the boy sitting next to him grabbed my boobs
and began rubbing my nipples on the nap. It created a fantastic feeling.
Now I was getting tingles on my butt and nipples at the same time.
     Then it was the next boys turn. The first boy had just alternated
from one cheek to the other but he changed the pattern from one cheek to
the other with the third down the center to let his middle finger slap
into my open slit. At the same time the last boy was gripping my tits
tightly to rub them on the rug. I began to wish they would hit harder
because I was ashamed the spanking was exciting me.
     Then when I moved to the last boy the first boy came around to my
front and pushed down on my shoulders to mash my tits into the nap. This
brought out my pussy further and the last boy put all his spanks on my
pussy with the middle finger into the slit and the two next to it stinging
the lips. In spite of myself I went into orgasm.
     At the end Rob stuck his finger in my pussy and announced, "She is
really wet.It is time to fuck her brains out."
     I blushed in embarrassment as he led me out while boys yelled that
they could help out. He said, "I can handle it." but to my shame I
realized if he had let them come with us I would not have objected. The
sex was great and when we returned I was relieved to see another naked
girl and another in the middle of a strip tease. Now I didn't feel so
slutty and understood their excited looks as boys fondled them. I was
relieved that no-one mentioned my spanking but I should have known they
would n't keep the secret long.
     On the way home he had me fold the half-shirt above my boobs and pull
the micro-skirt up to my waist warning me to pull down the shirt if we saw
a cop. We didn't see any cops but several men got to see my boobs and even
possibly his fingers buried to his palm in my pussy.
     We fucked one more time in my driveway in spite of my fear my Mom
might wake up and come out. 
     When I went to bed I was still excited enough to fondle my nude body
under the covers but as I remembered the things I had done I felt really
sleazy. I remembered other girls had told me their boy-friends were
jealous and got mad when they wore sexy clothes and began to wonder if Rob
really loved me.
     When he picked me up for school I meekly asked, "Rob. Do you love
me?"
     "Sure. I think you are great. Why?"
     "Well. I just wasn't sure. Other boys are jealous and wouldn't want
their girls to get naked in front of other boys like you did. I feel
slutty and it is going to be embarrassing to see them at school knowing
what I did."
     "Get real! You and I both know it excited you. I am not just another
boy. You make me proud that the other guys are jealous of me because you
are so beautiful and will do what I want. The more they want you the
prouder I am. I wouldn't love you if you were a prude. You should be glad.
I made you into a "Star" and the center of attraction."
     That was true. No-one had paid that much attention to me before but I
still wanted him to know I had only done it for him.
     "You know I love you. I did it for you even though it embarrassed
me."
     "I know that and I appreciate it. I may want you to do other things.
Does that bother you?"
     "I guess not as long as you know I am doing it to prove how much I
love you." I said that because the spanking had excited me and it gave me
the excuse to agree to another adventure that may also be exciting.
     I was rewarded by a hug and deep kiss. Then he said, "You are really
special. I have always wanted a love slave."
     That seemed wonderfully romantic. It put me into the character of
heroines in some of the romance novels I had read. I remembered how one
had undergone torture rather than betray her lover.
     I still dreaded going to school afraid that everyone would treat me
like a slut but to my surprise and delight the entire day was filled with
compliments on my bravery and my beauty. Rather than being embarrassed I
enjoyed the envious looks of girls and the hungry looks of the boys as
they imagined my nude body under my clothes. 
     We had another beer party that friday night. It was just four of the
couples who had been at the party when I had stripped. I expected to be
told to do a strip and was looking forward to it. After we had drunk some
beer Mike said, "Tammy has agreed to do a strip for us."
     I was disappointed. I was used to being the center of attention and
now that was being taken from me. To make it worse she was really good.
She had been trained in acrobatic dancing and was very smooth as she did
back-bends and the splits showing off her tight pussy and big boobs. I was
jealous when I felt Rob's dick and found she had made it hard. I
volunteered to strip only to have the other two girls say excitedly,
"Let's make it a threesome."
     One of the boys put on music and we started our strip but it wasn't
as good for me since I had to share the attention and I was embarrassed
when one of the girls stood in front of me after we were naked and
swiveled her waist to slap her tits into mine. The boys loved that and the
other two girls did it until we began swinging harder to make audible
slaps as our tits collided. The boys cheered with Someone saying, "Yeah!
Spank those titties."
     When the song ended my boobs had turned a little red from the
slapping and I was incredibly turned on.
     They ran to their boy-friends and shoved them on their backs to drive
in their dicks but when I went to Rob and asked him to fuck me he said,
"Blow me first. It will make the fuck last longer on my second cum."
     I looked around and saw that the girls perched on their boy-friends
dicks could see us. I said, "Let's go to a bedroom. They can see us."
     "I want them to see it. None of them are doing it. Hurry up before I
lose my hard-on."
     I realized that every date with him was making me more of a slave but
this just seemed to be a small step. I got on my knees and started sucking
him. It seemed worse somehow because he didn't get naked. He wasn't
wearing shorts and just opened his pants to release his dick.
     I don't know how he managed to last so long. He must have
concentrated on something else. I was still sucking after the other boys
had cum and they gathered around us to create more embarrassment. One of
the girls said, "If you yawn you can get his dick in your throat."
     Rob said, "Do it!" and pulled at the back of my head. I gagged a few
times when it hit my throat but then I did something right and my nose
rubbed into his crotch hair as it slid into my throat. That was the last
straw for Rob and his dick jumped in my mouth as his cum shot into my
throat.
     The girls giggled and clapped their hands but this time it didn't
make me feel proud. I just felt humiliated.
     We drank some more beer then just as I was about to remind Rob he
owed me a fucking. He said, "Your boobs are still pink from the titty
spanking. Did that hurt?"
     "No. Not really. Just a little sting. My boobs aren't real sensitive
until I am having my period." I giggled and continued, "It really excited
you guys didn't it?"
     "Yeah. I bet they would like to see it again. Hey guys. Would you
like to see Cherie's boobs get spanked?"
     The boys yelled, "Yeah! and "Right on!" Even the girls giggled with
Tammy saying, "That would be wild."
     Suddenly I was the center of attraction again. I stood up then said,"
Who is going to do it with me?"
     Rob said, "I am going to do it with you. Go get my belt out of my
pants."
     "Oh no. That will hurt!" 
     "I'll just use the end of the belt to get them pink again."
     Tammy said, "Do it Cherie! It will be wild!" the others began to clap
and cheer. I would be disappointing them and especially Rob if I refused.
I decided it may not be too bad if he just slapped them with the end. But
then I had another thought. What if it excited me like my birthday
spanking? The boys had not realized it had brought me to orgasm but I was
sure girls would be able to tell. As I hesitated Jane said, "Come on! Get
real! She is too chicken to agree to that much pain."
     That convinced me that I would have to do it and I would have to be
sure it really hurt so I couldn't become excited by it to let them know I
was some kind of pervert.
     I said defiantly, "I am not chicken. I am braver than any of you. I
love Rob and he can do anything he wants to me. Rob, hit them like you did
my butt. Give them a birthday spanking!"
      I went over to slide the wide belt out of his jeans to an awed
silence.
     When I came back to hand him the belt and put my hands behind my neck
to push out my boobs Rob said, "God, she is going to make the rest of you
girls look like cowards."
     Jane retorted, "Bullshit. She'll quit after the first lash."
     "No she won't. She has committed herself. She knows I will be angry
if she quits."
     That is when I realized there would be no mercy. I had hoped since I
was cooperating he might stop after two or three but now I knew I would
get all sixteen and it was my fault. He had said he would just turn them
pink but I had to brag about my courage so now I eould really be hurt.
     He came up by my side and I took a deep breath to brace myself. He
caressed my boobs saying, "That's right Baby. Push out your boobs for me
and suck in your tummy to make the other girls jealous. This belt will
really make your boobs dance. Are you ready for it?"
     I wasn't really but I wanted to maintain my stance of courage so I
said, "Yes. Spank them hard. Prove that none of them would do this for
their boyfriends."
     He stepped back and swung his belt across both nipples. I expected
pain but not that bad. The sting was horrendous and in spite of my resolve
to be brave tears sprang to my eyes and I brought down my hands to caress
them to soothe the pain which seemed to travel deeply into my body. They
just stared at me as I whimpered and caressed until the pain faded then
Jane said, "See! I told you she would quit after one."
     That made me angry and I put my hands back behind my neck and
resolved to leave them there even if it killed me.
     The next was not quite as bad since he hit below the nipples. He was
right about the dancing. They jumped up almost to my neck then swayed as
he thankfully let me assimulate the pain before the third just above my
nipples. I was suddenly reminded I had an audience when the girls squealed
and someone made me proud by saying "God she is brave. She keeps pushing
them out for more even though they are really red!"
     I looked down to confirm they were red as beets but I also noticed my
nipples had extended as if they wanted more. He allowed me to let the pain
fade by waiting between lashes until I pushed them back out as it went on
with occasional cheers when the belt made them jump or twist.
     Then on the fifth or sixth, my mind was too screwed up to count, they
went numb or something. The stings were no longer just pain. Stings and
tingles seemed to go down my stomach to stimulate my clit. Now I was able
to keep them pushed out as lashes created shudders all through my body.
     Suddenly he stepped behind me and I thought he must have taken pity
on me and was just going to hit my butt. I didn't want that! I was looking
down at my red and now swollen boobs with my nipples like little hard-ons
about to tell him I could take more when the belt hit my armpit and the
tip came around so fast it was just a blur as the tip dug into my cleavage
and burned my right nipple. He jerked back the belt to pull my boob nearly
into my armpit. I am sure it had to be the worst ever and if it had been
one of the first I would have collapsed in sobs but now tingles seemed to
erupt all though my body. My audience must have known how bad it was
because they cheered and with their encouragement he backhanded my left
boob the same way. then again to the right and to the left  as suddenly
crashing orgasms shook my body.
     I actually felt frustrated thinking it was all over when he moved
around to my front but then he said, "Just two more but these will be
special."
     I looked down at the belt swinging by his leg and saw that he was
holding the tip and letting the heavy western buckle dangle menacingly.
     Perversely I had to know if that would bring me to the ultimate
orgasm. I groaned then whimpered, "Do it!"
     I pushed out my boobs now so swollen the skin was tight and the
buckle hit the side of my left boob so hard it made a loud slap when it
was driven into my right one. He quicly hit my right boob the same way and
I just collapsed to the floor from an orgasm so powerful I passed out.
     When I woke up the girls were slathering salve on my still swollen
tits. Surprisingly the pain was gone replaced by throbbing that was not
unpleasant.
     When Rob saw I was awake and smiling from the pleasant caresses. He
said, "Jane. You were wrong. You owe her a reward. Eat her pussy."
     Jane said, "No. I can't do that especially with you all watching."
     "Okay. Would you rather demonstrate your courage?"
     She looked stricken and said, No. I'll do it."
     She went between my legs and pulled them open to begin licking first
the lips and then my clit. Normally that would have quickly brought me to
orgasm but I guess I was exhausted because it just felt pleasant. It was
great though. The other girls kept caressing my boobs and nipples so my
most important erogenous zones were being stimulated I finally sighed in
pleasure and Jane took her mouth away assuming I had cum. That was alright
though since I knew I couldn't get off again even if she did it for hours.
     I told Rob I was exhausted and wanted to go home to bed.
     He took me home and apologized for hurting me so much and promised
never to hit me again with anything heavy. It didn't mean he would no
longer hurt me but I was relieved because after the fantastic orgasms from
the belt I was afraid I may agree to something that might put me in a
hospital. At least I was smart enough not to admit he had made me cum and
just said, "I guess it was worth it. Now you know no other girl would
agree to suffer so much for you."
     He agreed and hugged and kissed me at every stoplight. He even
offered to lick my pussy but I told him I was just too exhausted to
appreciate it.
     I really was tired but that did not stop me from caressing my boobs
in bed remembering the stings until I became excited enough to masturbate
to get a little orgasm to put me to sleep.
     The next morning I got out of bed and immediately went to a mirror to
see how badly my boobs were damaged. I was surprised to see all the
redness had gone and the only proof of my ordeal was square bruises on the
outside of each breast where the buckle had hit. I felt relieved not only
because they weren't damaged but also by the thought my ordeal could not
have been as bad as it seemed which made me feel less perverse for getting
to orgasm. I rationalized that any girl would get excited from having so
much stimulation to their tits especially since there was so much pride
involved by the excitement I had given my audienceand the fact they
believed I was so courageous.
     I was still a little worried on the way to school because I didn't
know if they realized I had cum. If they did they might treat me like some
kind of freak.
     I needn't have worried. They all greeted me with hugs and said they
were proud to know anyone so courageous. They must have told a few of
their friends because a senior girl named Linda said she had read a book
about world war two where the Japs had whipped the american nurse
prisoners breasts to get them to talk and they had taken it until they
were unconscious without talking. She thought it was wonderful to have a
girl in our school as brave as them. I protested that I was not really
that brave since the Japs had probably used real whips rather than just a
belt. I coulddn't help but wonder if the nurses had gone numb like me and
became excited from the terrific pain.
     At class break they wanted to see my boobs so we went to the bathroom
where I lifted my sweater to show my bra-less breasts. They were as amazed
as I had been to see only the two square bruises from the buckle. They
touched the bruises gently and asked if they hurt. I told them, "Not now
but it was pretty terible when they were hit." That brought more
compliments on my bravery to keep them out for the second lash. Tammy said
to Linda, "I know it was terrible she fainted just like the nurses."
     Linda said, "That is the body's defense mechanism. You can only be
hurt so much before you faint. Cherie must have a high tolerance for pain.
I probably would have fainted long before absorbing all sixteen."
     Jane was the only downer saying, "Okay you might not have been hurt
too badly this time but you must know Rob will do worse things just to see
how far he can go. You should dump him now!"
     "No! We love each other. He felt real bad about hurting me so much
and said he would never hit me with anything heavy again. It is important
to me to prove I will do anything for him. He makes up for it with nice
presents and taking me places. He will even lick my pussy to give me
fabulous orgasms."
     Jane said, "Well maybe he won't bruise you anymore but he didn't
promise not to hurt you."
     "Well no, but I don't mind a little pain because he knows he can't
find another girl that will suffer for him."
     Then I went on to say something stupid, "Besides it is exciting when
he does it in front of you. I feel proud you think I am so brave and your
cheers make me feel like a star.
     Tammy said excitedly, "Oh Good! I was feeling guilty that seeing you
spanked got me so excited. Now I know it is alright. I was digging around
in my brother's room and found a magazine with pictures of girls hung up
and whipped. I thought it was terrible but maybe they are like you and are
excited by it. I'll bring the magazine to our next beer party. Maybe you
might like some of the things in it."
     That scared me and I said, "God no! That would be completely
different than spanking where I can cover myself if it hurts too much."
     She said disapointedly, "Well I'll still bring it. Maybe Rob will
like the idea."
     I was afraid he might and being tied and helpless seemed really
frightening. I went out of my way to be totally submissive for the rest of
the week. I even masturbated in a theatre in spite of my embarrassment
just to amuse Rob who enjoyed seeing the man next to me get so excited he
had to leave no doubt to jerk off in the bathroom.
     On the way to the beer party he said, "You have been a really good
girl. I may never feel the need to punish you again."
     I had mixed feelings about that. His spankings excited me but his
statement seemed to protect me from the possibility of being hung up and
whipped at the party.
     The party started normally. We began drinking the beer and wine
coolers the boys had talked a bum into buying for us in exchange for a
bottle of wine. After a few beers the girls began doing strip-teases to
giggle at the cheers and applause and I joined them. They were less
inhibited now. Boys began taking off their clothes too and soon there were
couples all around us making love not bothering to go to a bedroom. I
asked Rob if he wanted to make love but he said, "Maybe later. I am
enjoying watching them to see if anyone comes up with something new."
     I just sat there getting hornier by the minute especially by Tammy
who was on top of her boyfriend gyrating like mad on his dick and
squealing in pleasure. Finally she collapsed in orgasm the told her
boyfriend to get them another beer. She went outside totally naked.
     When she came back there was a roped coiled around her shoulder with
padded leather dog collars tied to the end. In her hands she was carrying
a magazine and a whip!
     She handed the magazine to Rob and said, "Doesn't this look exciting?
I padded some dog collars to hold the wrists without chafing and I braided
this whip. I tried it on myself. It just stings without causing damage. I
know Cherie will really be excited by it."
     Rob flipped through the pages and I knew it excited him by the
growing bulge in his pants. I sat there resigned to the fact he would want
me to do it and knowing I wouldn't refuse.
     By then others had crowded around us excitedly hoping Rob would make
me do it.
     Then he looked up and said, "Yeah it does look exciting but Cherie
has been real good all week. I have no excuse to punish her. I'll leave it
up to her. If she wants to do it it is fine with me."
     I felt a rush of love. He was giving me an out even though I knew he
would get terribly excited to see me hanging like the girls in the
pictures. I was still afraid and decided on a proposition that may let me
off the hook and still maintain my courageous reputation.
     I looked at Tammy defiantly and said, "If you think this will be so
damn exciting you do it first. I will take twice as many lashes as you."
     Tammy looked crushed and said, "Oh God. I don't think I caould stand
it. I have never even been spanked. I cry at a paper cut."
     I said triumpantly, "Just as I thought. You don't even want to test
your courage. They know I am brave so I don't need to do it either."
     I should have been more gracious. I masde her angry by impling she
had no guts.
     She said defiantly, "I'll do it. At least being tied I won't look
ridiculous by running away. It won't just be from my boyfriend either.
Everyone can give me two lashes as long as the aren't all on the same
place."
     God! she had just agreed to twenty four lashes which meant I would
get forty eight. More than I had ever had. Not only that she was making a
mistake. If she had asked for all of them on her butt it would eventually
get numb. This would make all of them as bad as the first.
     She looked triumphant and excited as she followed the boy who had
taken the rope from her shoulder and threw it over an open beam in the
ceiling. Reality set in as her boyfriend, Bob, tightened the cuffs on her
wrists. She became frightened and said, "Bobby. Tie my scarf over my mouth
so I can't look bad by begging for mercy."
     When it was in place the other boy pulled down on the rope until she
was on tip-toes. God she looked gorgeous!  Her tummy went concave and her
boobs became taught while her already tiny waist got even smaller."
     Bobby kissed her and said, "Jesus. Hanging like that makes your body
look fantastic. If you want to call this off I'll just fuck you while you
hang."
     She became defiant again and shook her head violently.
     I think it pissed him off because he swung the whip across her butt-
cheeks really hard. I knew then that the whip was not nearly as bad as
Rob's thick belt. It covered a big area and he butt-cheeks just trembled
and turned a light red rather than the dark red stripe caused by the belt.
She just made a little gasp then another as he hit slightly lower. 
     Then he handed the belt to the next girl in line saying, "Remember to
just hit white areas."
     The next five whippers followed his lead hitting higher and lower
until her skin was red from her knees to her shoulders. She began crying
toward the end and I understood. Stings to the upper back and lower legs
just hurt without giving the excitement of stings to erogenous zones.
     At Linda's turn there were no longer any white areas on her back so
she hit across Tammy's belly button. Tammy's eyes widened but from then on
the tears stopped as she jerked at lashes and made little moans as her
mid-section reddened. 
     Her moans seemed to become more frantic as lashes now hit her breasts
and dug into her sparse blonde pussy hair until she was red to the top of
her boobs and down to mid-thigh.
     Then the next whipper said, "Her front is all red but her ass is back
to normal and began hitting it. The frantic shaking of her head was
probably interpreted as a protest to the new pain but I knew she simply
wanted them to continue on the exciting areas of her breasts and pussy
because she had begun pushing out her hips to meet the lash.
     Then it was my turn and I said, "Her inner thighs are still white.
Two of you boys hold her legs open." They pulled them open almost to a
split and I gave her two at the top of her thighs so close to her pussy
they grazed the lips. I realized she was near orgasm and told Rob to hit
her pussy. To everyones amazement she nodded her head frantically and
pushed out her pussy to meet the lash. The last girl hit her there as well
which put her into an orgasm that made her whole body pulsate.
     They let her down and took off her gag she sat on the floor caressing
her pussy and nipples, panting, until she finally said, "Jesus! Cherie is
right! After awhile there is no pain. Just fantastic excitement. But she
won't have it so easy. Twenty-four brought me to the peak of orgasm.
Forty-eight will be too much."
     Rob said,"Do you want to let her off the hook and only take what you
did?"
     "No. She volunteered. I want to see what happens when she can't cum
anymore."
     In that case we agreed to your rquest to only hit white areas so we
can let Cherie set some conditions."
     I had already thought about that and knew I didn't want any lashes to
my upper back and lower legs that only caused pain. I said, "I think the
only way I can take it without passing out is by working up to the bad
pain. I want twelve to my butt and upper thighs, Twelve to the front of my
thighs and tummy, Twelve to my breasts, and finally twelve to my inner
thighs and pussy. I think it might help if I start a little excited. You
can tie me with my legs open and play with my breasts and pussy for awhile
before starting the lashing.
     They all agreed and seemed pleased when I meekly held out my hands
for the cuffs and spread my legs so wide my lips opened.
     They enjoyed my foreplay. Hands were all over my boobs and pussy with
fingers going inside and teeth nibbling at my nipples until I panted in
excitement, "Do It. Do it now!"
     The really hit hard and as usual the first few on a fresh area really
hurt but by the time they got to my boobs the excitement was building to a
peak and after a couple directly across my nipples they began on my inner
thighs all right next to my pussy and then on my pussy to rip open the
lips. I went into orgasms that only got stronger as they began lashing up
into my pussy to let the center thong actually go into the slit to sting
my clit. I just went crazy! I was screaming and jerking my hips to meet
the lash until I just kind of exploded and passed out.
     When I came to I was being caressed with salve. As soon as they saw I
was awake I was being kissed by boys and girls who said that I was
fantastic. Tammy said that I must have a great tolerance for pain because
she would never want more than twenty-four.
     I felt really proud. Even though Tammy had proven other girls could
be excited by whipping I was still the champion.
     My high went down on the way home when Rob said, "This night has kind
of ruined things for me. It was really special when you let me spank you
before you knew you might get excited by it but now you can get off by
anyone whipping you. I don't even know how I could punish you if you
pissed me off."
     "That isn't fair. I only did those things because I love you and
wanted to please you. I was really afraid when you spanked me and I was
terribly embarrassed when you wanted me to strip but I did it for you.
Even tonight I tried to avoid the whipping by hoping Tammy would chicken
out."
     "Maybe, but I was watching you. It was obvious Tammy's whipping
excited you and you were anxious for your turn."
     He was right which just made me feel guilty. I said lamely, "Well I
guess that is true but it was only because I could tell her little whip
would not hurt nearly as bad as your belt."
     "That just proves my point. You wanted the whipping to get you off
Even though I only had a small part. What happened to your being my slave
and suffering for me. From now on I won't even have to be there for you to
volunteer to be whipped."
     "No that isn't true. I would never have let them if I hadn't thought
it would excite you."
     He didn't answer and I felt even more guilty because if for some
reason I went to a party alone I might not be able to resist the thrill of
them all whipping me. 
     We drove in silence until I realized that the only way I could save
our relationship was to agree to something so horrendous I couldn't
possibly enjoy it and he would know that I was truly suffering.
     I worked up my courage and said, "Do you remember I refused to let
the boys give me a birthday spanking until you threatened to use a switch
on me? My Dad hit my legs a couple of times with a switch and the pain was
awful."
     "Yeah I know. My Dad used a switch on me. That was why I used that as
a threat."
     "I know that being hit with a switch will hurt way too much to let me
get excited but you can use one on me if it will convince you I am willing
to suffer for you and you alone. My folks are gone for the weekend and we
have a willow tree."
     That brought him around. He said, "Really! That would convince me but
I had purple stripes for three days. Do you really think you can stand
it?"
     "No. That is the whole point. When you stop I expect to be in
terrible pain and crying. I want you to know for sure that I truly
suffered."
     "Okay but I won't be easy on you. If you end up having orgasms it
won't prove anything."
     "I know and no matter how much I scream and cry I want you to keep it
up until you know I can never be excited."
     By that time I was home and he led me to the kitchen and found a
cleaver. He told me to go out and cut a switch. I realized that was part
of my test and although I was tempted to just cut a little one I screwed
up my courage and found a straight one about five feet long. I walked back
slowly trimmming off the leaves and branches becoming more frightened as
it turned into a really evil looking whip that I knew would leave terrible
welts.
     When I got back in the house he was sitting on the couch holding some
neckties he had taken from my folks bedroom listening to soft rock on the
radio.
     I knew what the neckties were for which frightened me more knowing I
would not be able to escape if it was unbearable and said, "You don't have
to tie me. I'll try real hard to stay still."
     "No it will be tough enough without your having to force yourself to
be still. The neckties are soft and won't make marks."
     For a moment I thought that he was being kind until I realized chafe
marks to my wrists would be nothing compared to other marks I would have.
     Then he said, "I found something else in their room to make a record
of your courage or failure."
     He pointed out my folks camcorder all set up on a tripod. Strangely I
thought that was a great idea and said, "Oh yes. If you ever doubt my love
you will only have to watch the tape. What part of me will you whip?"
     "I haven't made up my mind yet. Why don't you do a slow strip while I
think about it."
     He turned on the camera and I began stripping to the music hoping he
would not choose my back or legs since in the back of my mind I thought
even with the switch I may get excited enough to ignore some of the pain
if he hit my butt or my stomach below my belly button where it had caused
excitement. The camera made me feel like a star again And I thought that
he could watch the tape and I could make him wild with desire to make him
hurry to be with me weeks from now. When I was naked I wiggled my butt at
him and moved my belly like a belly-dancer to entice him. I was glad to
see his dick was making a tent of his pants thinking if he was excited
enough the whipping would be short because he would want to fuck me.
     When the song ended he said, "I have made my decision. I love the way
your boobs jump when hit."
     I protested, "Oh God. That will hurt awful. Wouldn't you rather hit
my butt or tummy? They could take more lashes."
     "Your protest just convinces me I made the right choice. You said it
should hurt. Remember? If you want I will leave. You don't need me
anymore. You can get anyone to whip you."
     I went to kneel in front of his chair and said softly, "Spank my
boobies, Rob. Make them hurt until I faint."  
     I knew I had made the right choice because he smiled and kissed me
but I also realized that now I was totally committed because the tape
would prove I had agreed to terrible pain. He told me to put my hands
behind my back and push out my chest.
     My boobs seemed to tingle just from anticipation and he made me more
excited when he caressed and tugged on them as he said, "They are such
pretty boobs and they will be more exciting when the welts have proven
your love."
     He tied my wrists together then put another tie around my elbows to
pull them together to force out my chest. That reminded me my boobs would
soon be hurting and I said, "Oh God. Please hurry and get it over with. I
am losing my nerve."
     There is no hurry. We have all night. You won't need your nerve
because you will be helpless."
     He picked a pillow off the couch then lifted me up on our dining room
table where I laid back on the pillow under my back which pushed up my
boobs. Then he tied my wrists under the table to the center post. I let my
head fall back and felt blood rushing into it. It suddenly occurred to me
that you fainted when blood rushed out of your head. The idea that
fainting would prevent me from suffering too badly was gone. I quickly
brought my head back up to watch him pulling my knees widely apart to tie
them to the legs. When he was done the only movement I could do was flex
my stomach muscles. I knew my lips had opened because he ran his fingers
up and down the slit with his middle finger rubbing my clit. It felt good
and I got into it hoping that the excitement would allow me to better
accept the pain. Just as I was getting really excited he stopped and began
removing his shoelaces. When they were off he tied them around my hair to
pull back my head and tie them to my elbows. 
     I panicked and whimpered, "Don't do that. I won't be able to faint."
     "I hadn't thought of that. I just wanted to make sure your face did
not get in the way. That is better though because I probably couldn't tell
if you faked a faint."
     While he said that he played with my boobs twiddling the nipples
until they had hardened. Normally I would have enjoyed it but now it just
reminded me they would soon be hurting. My only hope was that he would
become so excited he would have to stop to fuck me.
     Then fear returned when he picked the switch off the floor and laid
it across my boobs saying, "The end is really skinny. I remember that on
my butt the only place the skin broke was where the welts crossed over
each other. We don't want that but if I aim carefully there will be room
for a lot of skinny welts."
     That was no consolation and I whimpered knowing he wanted to hit me
as much as possible. Then he increased my fear by saying, "I guess I'll
work out a pattern". He pressed the switch into the creases where my boobs
meet my chest and said, "One." then he brought it to the upper part and
said "Two" Then back to the bottom just slightly above the first to say,
"Three" and so on slowly approaching my nipples. finally fourteen and
fifteen were at the edge of my nipples wheile on sixteen he laid the
switch directly on them and sawed it back and forth to move them.
     I whimpered, "Please don't hit them so many times and not on the
nipples. Your belt hurts terribly on the nipples and this will be worse!"
     "This is a test. Remember? You said whipping hurt less as it went on.
I want to see if you just sigh when your nipples are hit as you go into
orgasm."
     "No. This is different. With the whip the same nerves were hit and
became deadened. This will have fresh nerves every time. I don't think I
can stand it."
     "You have no choice. You committed yourself and I am not going to let
you back out now."
     He aimed carefully then brought the switch down hard right at the
crease. The pain was indescribable at least five times worse than the
belt. I shrieked and bucked and twisted trying to escape from the ropes.
He just stood there grinning enjoying watching my boobs jump and sway with
my efforts until I gave up and rested where he hit the top of my boobs to
make me scream again and buck.until I laid back sobbing to have the switch
hit so hard my boobs jumped toward my neck. I shrieked again and bucked
and as the tremors decreased I sobbed, "No more! Please!. I will do
anything!"
     He just said, "You are doing anything. I can't think of anything else
I might want."
     As it went on I became hoarse and too tired to buck but that didn't
mean it was better. Then the hoarse shrieks returned as he  quickly hit
the edges of my nipples then directly across them.
     I finally calmed to just sobs while my tits felt as if they had been
attacked by killer bees.
     He said, "You didn't cum. Did you?"
     "No! It hurt too much. No-one could get excited by that much pain."
     "Okay. Then let's test your courage. Ask me for one more on your
nipples."
     "No! They feel like they have been stung by bees!"
     "In that case I will punish you for cowardice by completing the
checker board pattern."
     He hit the outside then cleavage of my left breast and then the same
to my right.I was going to get more than twice as many as the first set.
My mind snapped and I just laid there and moaned at the prospect of un-
ending pain. He didn't hit as hard evidentally aware cross-overs could
bring blood and incredibly I found the stings were much less and I felt
excitement rising. When he got to the nipples I came! I began bucking
again but this time from crashing orgasms. He kept them coming by driving
his dick into my wide open sopping wet pussy.
     He was so excited he came in moments then began untying me. I just
laid there shuddering from aftershocks from the cataclysmic orgasm.
     Then he kissed me and said, "You are amazing. "You came! Your pussy
was dripping wet!"
     "I was sorry he knew. It just meant he might want to go even further
but there was no use trying to lie. I sobbed, ""I know! I must be crazy!
No-one should cum from that. It was terrible. Really!"
     "I believe you but Linda was right! You are like the nurses."
     That was no consolation. The nurses courage had just made it worse.
Linda told me that later the japs had covered their tits with cigarette
burn and in some cases had cut off the nipples with swords.
     The pain didn't leave as fast as from the other whipping and at least
he was nice enough to nurse me for hours with salve and cool wet cloths
and then when it became bearable he licked my pussy and clit until I had a
nice orgasm.
     I still felt ashamed at my reaction and made him promise he wouldn't
tell anyone. 
     The next day my tits looked horrible. There was a checkerboard
pattern of pink aquares with purple edges. It took three days for them to
return to normal. He kept his word. None of the girls asked to see my
boobs and I was sure they would if they knew they had been switched. Best
of all Rob felt guilty when he saw them and promised that from then on I
would only be whipped hard enough to make me cum. I felt relieved and
hugged him forgetting that the terrible switching had made me cum.
     The next Saturday was my sixteenth birthday. My grandma and I had the
same birthday but she was too crippled by athritus to come to my party so
Mom said she would have a birthday for me Saturday afternoon then her and
Dad would go to Seattle to celebrate hers. I agreed to end my party by
midnight.
     It was really nice. She made a bunch of cold-cuts with breads and
crackers and bought a nice cake. As promised Dad gave me an old Mustang
convertible he had spent a year restoring until it looked new. I got a lot
of presents but the one I loved almost as much as the car was a gold chain
Rob gave me with his name on it that fit around my waist. He said that it
would remind me not to get fat.It seemed to fit in with being a love slave
since his name was now on me.
     There was never any doubt in my mind that I would get a birthday
spanking. I had even planned for it by just inviting four couplesso each
could give me two spanks and as a finale Rob could give me sixteen. I
dwelled on it during the party wondering if I should volunteer or just
wait for Rob to set it up. By the time my folks were ready to go I felt
anxious and excited and the crotch of my panties were wet. There was no
fear because I knew the boys and girls would not hit hard and I now had
Rob's promise not to bruise me.
     My folks were only gone a few minutes when the boys brought in a keg
of beer Rob's older brother had bought for him.   
     We all began drinking and pretty soon girls started taking off
clothes. I asked Rob if he wanted me to strip but he said, "We have
something special planned for you. But first I have to get you another
present we all shopped for."
     He went out to his car and returned with a long flower box. When I
opened it I saw a whip!  It had a braided handle with six leather thongs
about a half inch wide and about two feet long coming out of it. It was
just like Tammy's except a little longer and with thicker thongs.
     I felt a burst of excitement as Rob said, "Every slave needs her own
whip to make sure she stays in line."
     I hugged him in delight saying, "Oh this is mine. That must mean you
won't use a switch!"
     "Yes. This should just sting without bruising you."
     I kissed him then he told me to take it out of the box. I took it out
to caress the thongs and noticed it seemed heavier than Tammy's and felt
oily. Rob explained, "I soaked it in olive oil all night so it would be
nice and soft." I kissed him again not realizing that the oil would make
it worse by being flexible enough for every inch to contact my skin with
more weight.
  I said  "You won't need this to punish me. You know I will do anything
you want."
     I felt even better when he said, "I know. This is just to excite
you."
     By that time Tammy was naked and took the whip from me saying, "We
found some soft leather and I braided the handle. She held the thongs
against her Stomach and said dreamily, "Oh it is so soft! It almost feels
alive."
     At that she swung the whip around in front of her to let the thongs
"Slap!" against her butt. She barely flinched and made a little squeal of
excitement. She told me to try it but since I was still in clothes I just
lifted my skirt and hit my leg. It stung but the sting left in seconds. I
said shakily, "I guess it wouldn't be too bad and it will remind me to be
good." I tried to keep the illusion of accepting the whipping only to
please Rob but I couldn't help imagining how it would feel against my
boobs and crotch causing a tingle to my clit.
     "It will let you prove how brave you are. We will use it for your
birthday spanking then give you all the orgasms you can stand."
     Everybody cheered and applauded!
     I was the center of attention again. Rob suggested I do a strip tease
to get naked for it. I really teased them to get them and me excited. I
used the whole song by very slowly inch by inch removing my sweater and
skirt then just slipping the cups down to flash my boobs then covering
them again and when the bra was off I slowly rolled down the panties until
it was like a rope at the pubic bone then pulled the crotch to one side to
flash it. Then I spread my legs wide and pulled up on the panties until
the crotch slipped in to the slit and sawed it against my clit. By the
time I jerked them down and off I was shaking with excitement and my
audience was cheering.
 I giggled and said, "Okay. Should I lean over the couch?" 
     Rob said, "No. You saw the picture in our history book. Slaves were
hung up by their arms for whipping."
     Mike held out some horse hobbles lined with sheepskin to avoid
chafing while Bob brought out a coil of rope.
     The thought of being so helpless frightened me because it reminded me
of the switching. I hesitated and Tammy must have noticed as she said,
"She is scared. She won't do it."
I said, "No I will do it. I am braver than you."  I was scared though. I
wouldn't be able to get away if it got too bad and they were so excited I
was afraid they would have no restraint.
     As I held out my hands for the hobbles Bob climbed on a chair to
thread the rope through the big hook holding our chandelier. I began to
think of myself as a martyr to love and decided to be brave even if it
stung more than I expected. Fear was replaced by excitement as I knew this
could never be as bad as the switch.
     They pulled on the rope until I was stretched with just my toes on
the floor. I saw myself in the wall mirror and I looked fabulous. My tummy
had sunk in until my ribs showed and my waist shrank to make ny hips and
boobs look bigger.
     They stared at me awestruck and Mike said, "Jesus. I have never seen
anything so beautiful!"
     They agreed and couldn't resist fondling me while commenting on how
firm my waist, boobies and butt were and how fabulous I looked. I felt
proud and excited and actually began looking forward to the whipping to
show how brave I would be although I was sure sixteen spanks would not be
bad.  I didn't protest when ropes were tied to my ankles and my legs were
pulled apart because that let them fondle my pussy which I knew must be
wet. Tammy made it plain that this would not be a traditional butt-
spanking when she felt my tummy and said, "Ooh Your tummy is so tight the
whip will just bounce off it." Some guy said, "Yeah her tits are tight
too, They will just quiver."
     That should have frightened me but I thought that this soft whip
should be less painful than Tammy's and certainly nothing compared to the
switch.
     Rob pushed them away then said, "Are you ready for your birthday
whipping?" I was more than ready. Their fondling and watching Rob gently
swinging the whip with the ends sweeping the floor had me so excited I was
trembling. I was sure only sixteen would not bring me to orgasm and
planned to tell them at the end that hey could all give me one too for an
additional sixteen. I still wanted to maintain the lie that I only did it
for love by saying, "Yes, because I love you."
     He shook out the whip to swing it against my butt. I gasped at the
sting surprized to find it was worse than Tammy's whip because of the
extra weight and longer thongs that gave more leverage but it was not
terrible. I actually managed a smile when he said, "Good girl!  You are
going to be brave. He let the sting subside then hit again a little lower.
It was no worse and the next at the bottom of my butt caused a sting so
close to my pussy I felt myself becoming excited. 
     He kept hitting my butt with just enough delay to let the sting seem
to spread through my body with the excitement growing and then pride was
added to the excitement as I was reminded of my audience by one girl
saying, "God she is so brave! She only gasps when it hits her." A boy
answered excitedly, "Yeah, and her butt is so firm it just trembles."
     Then Rob said, "Wait. This is a birthday whipping not spanking."
     He moved to my right side and hit across my tummy just below my
navel. The sting was no worse than on my butt and it was much more
exciting as the sting seemed to go directly to my clit. I looked in the
mirror to see a red band just above my pubic mound and continued to watch
fascinated as the band grew larger as he hit below and above the first
band to bring the redness down to my thighs and up my stomach. My thighs
protected my pussy but the stings were so close it was like ultimate
masturbation. 
     It was strange. As I watched the redness move to cover my front I not
only felt the stings but it seemed I was also in the audience marvelling
at the courage of the girl who was making no effort to back away from the
lash.
     On his last two he quickly hit across my nipples then diagonally
across my pussy lips. The much sharper sting made me close my eyes to
squeeze out tears and take a deeep breath but it also made a huge jump in
excitement and when my breath returned I planned to make my offer to let
them have one. I didn't get that chance.
     I just moaned in excitement when he handed the whip to Mike and said,
"Your turn."
     I was disappointed when he said, "Her butt is getting pale." and
began hitting it but now it seemed more sensitive and the stings kept
building excitement to jump even more when he started on my front to
continue removing the last of my white skin. I saw a lash fall just below
my breasts and was actually disappointed when he moved back down to darken
the red on my stomach. He stopped at sixteen and now my body was sore from
thirty two lashes. He stepped back and dropped the whip on the floor to
watch me moan and shudder. Even though I had not cum I was relieved to
know it was over. But it wasn't over. He watched me until I calmed enough
to take deep breaths then he handed the whip to Jo who said, She is still
white in places."
     I suddenly realized they all planned to give me sixteen. I couldn't
multiply sixteen by seventeen people but I knew it had to be hundreds and
moaned, "Oh no! You can't all hit me. It is too much!"
     Jo said, "We won't hit hard. You don't want to cheat anyone. Do you?"
     That questioned my courage and I moaned, "I guess not." Even though I
was frightened.
     She stepped back and brought redness to the bottom of my boobs. I
moaned but it wasn't in protest. The new sensitive area just doubled my
excitement.
     She was encouraged by someone yelling, "That is fantastic. Look at
them bounce!" She hit them four more times with the last across the center
to cause a sharper sting on my nipples that nearly brought me to orgasm.
the excitement dropped as she went back to my tummy letting the ends snap
against my back and then my butt.
     The next girl returned to my boobs letting the ends hit the sides to
make them slap together then in the cleavage to pull them apart. The last
across my nipples brought me to that terrible maximum excitement just
before orgasm then she hit down diagonally to let the tips hit my pussy. I
watched in fascination as the girl in the mirror had her pussy lips rip
apart and quiver. That did it. I let out a little scream as I went into
orgasm and squeezed my thighs together to rub in the sting.
     But the orgasms didn't continue which I am sure would have brought me
to unconsciousness. The next whipper found white places on my back and
shoulders on unsexy areas that just brought pain. From then on I didn't
notice who was hitting me as waves of excitement went through me when my
breasts, pussy and inner thighs were hit only to ebb as my back or butt
was hit. It just seemed endless. They seeemed to know exactly when to stop
hitting my erogenous zones to stop me near climax to bring yips of pain to
ones at my knees or armpits.
     The girl in the mirror was all red with a sheen from being entirely
covered with sweat. My entire body was stinging but additional lashes
didn't seem to add much more to the sting.
     I was becoming exhausted when someone said, "Jesus. How much more can
she take?"
     I hazily heard Rob say, "She will cry if she can't take anymore."
     I didn't feel like crying but my screams became louder When Tammy
began hitting my boobs very hard to make them jerk and bounce. Then she
said, "You only have eight more. I'll make you cum."
     I was watched as fascinated as my audience when she brought the whip
around like a windmill to put all eight right on my pussy to make the lips
jump and redden aqnd the center thong sting my clit to bring on one orgasm
followed by stronger ones to one so strong I must have fainted.
     I woke up shivering to find they were dabbing my red body with cold
wet cloths. Amazingly there was no residual pain and when I looked down at
myself I saw the red had already begun to fade into a healthy pink like a
light sunburn.
     When Rob realized I was awake He said, "God I am so proud of you. I
didn't know you were so brave. You took it all with only a few small
screams."
     Obviously he misinterpreted my orgasmic screams as reaction to pain
rather than excitement. That seemed better than my real and perverse
excitement. I said weakly, "I did it for You Rod. I tried to be brave. Now
do you believe how much I love you?"
He kissed me then said, "Yes. No-one else could love me so much and I love
you."
     After a hug he said, "She deserves a reward.Tammy. Eat her pussy."
     Tammy protested but I said, "Make her do it. She hurt me more than
anyone." I was sure I was too exhausted to get off on it but I thought she
should be humiliated by ruining my display of courage by bringing me to
orgasm.
     Rob said, "You better do it unless you want the same whipping only
just on your tits and pussy."
     That scared her and she slid between my legs to kiss and lick my
pussy lips. I said, "You are cheating!" I reached down with my left hand
to spread the lips then used my right hand to grab her hair to push her
nose into my clit. She began licking and sucking my clit frantically
probably to end her humiliation as soon as possible but I was so exhausted
I could have kept her there a long time until two other girls began
nibbling my tingling nipples as Tammy let her tongue flutter on my clit
     Having all my main erogenous zones stimulated at once made me ignore
my exhaustion to have a great orgasm.
     Rod carried me to my bed where I went to sleep almost instantly.
     I woke up later dying of thirst. Evidentally all my sweating from
pain and orgasms had dehydrated me.  I stopped at the mirror amazed to see
all the redness was gone to be replaced by just a healthy pink. I walked
to the kitchen naked expecting to be alone but they were all still there
drinking beer. They cheered when they saw me as amazed as I was that the
red had left and began fondling me while looking for bruises.
     "Rob said, "I can't believe you are up. I thought you would sleep
till noon."
     "I probably would have but I am dying of thirst."
     Someone handed me a cold beer which I chugged down then I took
another to sip as I was led to the couch for caresses and compliments. 
     Tammy said, "Jesus. You are unbelievable. Do you realize you took two
hundred and seventy two lashes with only a few screams and no begging us
to stop?"
     "Not really. There was no way I could count them."
     "Well you made Rob rich. We had agreed to stop whenever you begged us
to let you go. We set up a pool. Only Rob picked 272. He won a hundred and
sixty dollars."
     I felt proud. I kissed him and said, "Oh Rob. I am so happy. Now you
know without doubt I will do anything for you."
     "Yes. You are wonderful and every dime will be spent on you."
     That just proved he had done it to show his faith in me and not for
the money. I hugged and kissed him until he said, "Hey guys. Why don't you
go home and give us some privacy."
     They began leaving as he carried me to my bedroom. He made love to me
for hours asking constantly if I liked what he was doing and for me to
suggest anything I wanted. I think he was surprised when I asked for
gentle caresses and for him to lick and nibble on every inch of my front
ending with licking my clit. I think he may have thought I would want some
pain but I had all of that I needed from my ordeal. He even licked my ass-
hole which I eound was full of swnsitive nerves. I thought that was total
proof of his love since I would have been humiliated if he had asked me to
do it.
     I finally came enough to fall into a deep sleep.
     I must have been really exhausted because Mom finally woke me at
eleven to say, "Get up sleepyhead. Rod called to say he wanted to take you
to Sunday brunch and I brought you a present from Seattle." She dropped a
Nordstrom sack on my bed.
     I was glad my covers were up to my chin because I was sure she would
be shocked to know I slept nude now. As soon as she left I got up to look
in my full length mirror. I was amazed to see that my body had returned to
it's natural color. I began to wonder if it had just been a dream until
close examination revealed a few small bruises where the tips had hit the
sides of my boobs and pussy. That made it easier to understand why the
whipping had only brought on blinding excitement.  I was suddenly
embarrassed ralizing I was standing nude in front of the mirror with my
legs spread just as they had been for the whipping while I fondled my
boobs and pussy since Mom could walk in at any moment.
     I opened the sack and took out a white sweater with a matching skirt.
The sweater was a soft orlon and the skirt was made of some silky
material. When I walked around I found it was really sensuous.  The soft
material caressed my nipples and the skirt slipped against my butt cheeks.
Unfortunately I knew I would have to wear underwear at least around home
because the caresses had hardened my nipples to make bumps and the skirt
was so thin you could tell I had no panties from the lack of panty lines.
When I put on the underwear the sensuous feeling was lost but I still
looked good because the sweater hugged my flat tummy and the skirt molded
my round butt.
     When Mom saw me she said, "Oh. You have grown. I should have bought
larger sizes."
     I protested and Dad helped by saying, "Leave her alone. She looks
great."
     "Well maybe but you better wear a slip. That skirt will be almost
transparent with the sun behind you."
     That idea appealed to me and I said, "Oh Mom. Nobody wears slips
anymore."
     Dad helped by saying, "She is perfectly respectable. Much better than
the micro skirts other girls wear."
     Rod met me with a hug and kiss then took me to his car with no
complaint that my sweater and skirt hid me from my neck to almost my
knees. He kissed me again in the car then said, "You are wonderful. I
can't believe how lucky I am to have you love me enough to agree to that
whipping. It was just a test. We wanted to try since you had told the
girls and me you would do anything for me. No-one believed you would go
that far."
     I was relieved that I could have refused without making him angry but
was glad I had done it since he was so impressed with me.
     We had a fabulous brunch which must have cost him a lot of money.
When I felt guilty about it he said, "It is your money.  We will spend the
rest on  presents for you."
     We went shopping. He kept his arm around my waist the whole time with
little hugs until we found a charm bracelet with gold letters to spell a
name. I hooked on, "I belong to Rob." He loved it and bought it after the
salesgirl pinched the hooks over to make the letters permanent. She said
wistfully, "It must be nice to love someone that much." 
     I said, "Oh yes. I hope you find someone you would want to own you."
     At that Rob kissed me in front of everyone at the store. I was
thrilled that he was willing to let everyone know how he felt.
     Back at the car he again told me how proud he was of me saying, "You
were incredibly brave. You took it all with no protest. Even the ones to
your sensitive boobs and pussy only caused small squeals. I am sure the
other girls would have been screaming and crying."
     I began to feel guilty and said, "It wasn't as bad as it looked. It
didn't cause any permanent harm. See?" I pulled my sweater up to my bra to
show him my tummy was white again.
     "I don't care. I remember my Dad using a belt on my butt. It hurt
awful but it only left small bruises. I was ten years old but I still
bawled like a baby even though he only hit about twenty times. You took a
lot more. Even though you weren't hit as hard the total had to make it
much worse than my spanking."
     I had seen the thick western belt his Dad wore and knew that it had
to be worse than my whip. I was glad he thought I had suffered more than
him and didn't try to explain that after awhile my nerves became a little
deadened and the excitement just made them bring on orgasms.
     He said the skirt and sweater look great on you, but the underwear
has to go."
     I didn't bother to ask him to stop at a restroom. I just slid off the
sweater to take off the bra thrilled that men in oncoming cars might see
me and left them bare to slide my skirt up to my waist to take off the
panties."
     He said excitedly, "God, You aren't bashful at all anymore. I like
that."
     I took the opportunity to say, "See what Tammy did to me," and showed
him the little bruises on the sides of my boobs and on my pussy."
     His dick made a lump in his pants and my excitement grew when he
said, "I'll kiss them and make them well."
     He took me up to his parent's summer cabin by a lake and we made love
until he just could not get hard anymore. 
     After resting awhile he said, "Let's go outside so I can show you
around. It is really pretty."
     I reached for my skirt but he said, "No. Just put on your shoes. The
sun and breeze feels good. I used to run around here naked every time I
got a chance."
     He was right It really did feel good with the gentle breeze feeling
like a caress. It was beautiful with big trees and wild flowers. There was
even a swimming hole with a little waterfall running into it. Truthfully
what really impressed me was all the branches on trees that could be used
to whip me. There was even a bush with long straight limbs that had tiny
thorns. I almost asked him to try them on me when I remembered all his
compliments and love based on the idea that I only submitted to lashes to
please him. Even though he knew I could reach orgasm with lashes he seemed
to want to keep the illusion I only did it for him. 
     We saw two skinny trees about six feet apart.  They would be ideal to
tie me all spread apart to allow every inch of me to feel a lash. I
stopped cold while he kept walking until he noticed me staring at the
trees and trembling with excitement.
     He stopped and looked at me puzzled and said, "Why did you stop."
     "In my history class I had to write a paper on slavery. While
browsing in the library I saw a picture of a black woman with her arms and
legs tied to two trees like this. A man was standing by her with a whip
while a bunch of people looked at them. It wasn't especially sexy since
her blouse was just torn open to show her back but I imagined myself tied
that way naked and facing the people and it made me excited to think of
myself out in the open that way with all the people staring. I kind of
ignored the fact she was tied that way for a terrible whipping."
     "Yeah. That does sound exciting. Should we see if we can find
something to tie you to them?"
     "Oh yes. I can imagine a crowd of people and it may excite you enough
to get hard again."
     We ran back to the cabin but couldn't find anything. I felt
frustrated until he said, "The hell with it. I'll just rip strips out of a
sheet."
     He found a sheet for a single bed and my excitement grew as he ripped
it into long strips. I forgot how much switches hurt only remembering the
fantastic orgasm I reached. I was sure once I was tied he would not be
able to resist whipping me.
     We hurried back to the trees and he threw the strips over branches
about seven feet high. then tied them to my wrist to pull down until I was
on my toes then tied the ends to the trunk. Then he put two other strips
on my ankles and pulled my legs apart so far there was a little pain to
the tendons in my inner thighs.
     Then he stepped back to look at me and said excitedly, "Oh God. You
are totally open. Every inch of you could be whipped. I can even see the
tender pink parts of your pussy."
     Then he stepped behind me and I could feel his dick hardening between
my butt cheeks as he said, "Can you see them out there? They are really
mean. You are totally helpless. No matter how hard you scream no-one can
hear to help you. You know they have no mercy can you hear some of them
yelling to make you bleed? They want you to be hit here and here and
especially here." As he said that he caressed my tummy, my boobs and my
now wet pussy. It was almost like hypnosis. I could see them and hear
them. Fright and excitement mingled as I imagined a searing lash on my
boobs. 
     He moved away and I moaned, "Oh God!" sure that he was cutting a long
switch to satisfy their thirst for blood.
     He fooled me. Just the idea of my helplessnes was enough to excite
him. He came to my front and buried his hard dick into my open gash and
grabbed my butt cheeks to pull him in and out of me. He lasted a long time
and added a little pain by biting my nipples but I think the only reason I
got to orgasm was by imagineing the crowd waiting impatiently for him to
finish so I could be whipped.
     When he came it so exhausted him he sat on the ground watching my
body pulsating from little after shocks. 
     "When he let me down I hugged him and said, "You are a wonderful
lover. I had a great orgasm." I knew though that it may have even been
more fantastic if he had whipped me.
     At least he was happy. He put the lengths of sheet in the trunk of
the car saying we may want to do this again. It was fantastic."
     He kept me mildly excited on the way home by having me pull my skirt
up to my waist so he could fondle my pussy. I realized he was doing this
just for my benefit when I looked at his crotch and saw no bulge in his
pants.
     He stopped at a rest stop and told me I should put on my underwear
before I got home. Some truckers whistled at me. I just grinned and let my
heels hit hard to make my boobs and butt-cheeks tremble under my clothes.
     Putting on the underwear was a total let down. I could no longer feel
anything and ignored the truckers on the way back to the car.
     That night I masturbated as I imagined myself strung up and whipped
by the man in the picture but I had no concept of the way that whip would
feel and finally gave up and went to sleep short of orgasm.
     At school the girls who had whipped me came over and apologized for
whipping me. Tammy brought agreement by saying, "I am sorry we hurt you
but it was so exciting to do it I couldn't resist."
     Jo said, "Me too. But I am most sorry because it made you so special.
Now Bob is trying to convince me I should accept a whipping to prove I
love him but I am too scared."
     Tammy said, "You too? I let Mike spank me until my buns were red but
he wants more."
     Beth and Liz joined in to agree with Liz saying I am afraid if I
don't agree he will find a girl that will."
     I said, "It wasn't as bad as it looked. Follow me to the bathroom."
     At the bathroom I dropped my skirt and pulled up my sweater to show
them my skin was normal. Jo touched the little bruises on my tits and
said, "Ooh. I caused those. Your poor boobs jumped like crazy."
     I told them that they should make a soft whip like mine and let them
whip them because after the first ten the stings only caused excitement
and would be less painful than hand spanking with their callused hands.
     Tammy agreed and lifted her skirt to show bruises from her spanking.
     They still didn't believe it could be anything more than pain so I
explained. "Just being naked and helpless is exciting and as it goes on
either the nerves get deadened or the excitement makes you enjoy the
stinging feeling that brings on more excitement. I know I wouldn't have
believed it but at the end I was having orgasms."
     They were amazed agreeing that I just looked as if I was in great
pain.
     Tammy said, "I still think you must have some special power but if it
only stings I will do it since it may be better than his hand spanking."
     I told them to agree to thirty lashes or more if they wanted to get
past the painful part since the first ten or fifteen really hurt.
     A few days later Tammy had me go to the bathroom with her and opened
her back pack to show me a new whip. She said, "I decided to make a whip I
am sure will not bruise me no matter how many lashes I get. These are just
leather boot laces and I oiled them to make them soft but Mike is all
excited about using it on me. I stalled it off by saying he could do it at
our next beer party. I think you are right. It will be more exciting to
have an audience."
     I picked up the whip. The oil had made it heavy and I said, "It might
be worse than my whip. The wide leather doesn't let it sink in. These look
like they might cause welts since they are skinny and the air won't slow
them down. Have you tried it?"
     "Only once. I swung it around to hit my bare butt. It stings but not
as bad as his hand. I couldn't try another since it makes such a loud
"Splat!" I was afraid my folks might hear it.
     At our next beer party before we could offer to do a strip-tease to
get us all excited for fucking Tammy announced, "I want to see if I can be
as brave as Cherie. I made a whip too. See?"
     She held out her whip which had turned black from the oil and looked
absolutely evil then continued- " I will be seventeen soon so I want you
to give me seventeen apiece for a total of 119 and I want to be stretched
tight with my legs spread so every inch of me will be available. Mike can
be last to put all of his just on my boobs and pussy.
     They hung her with her toes just touching the ground then began
pulling her legs apart. To my amazement she moaned, "More, more" until she
was nearly doing the splits. In spite of my fondness for pain I shuddered
as I saw her pussy had opened until you could see all the inner pink parts
and her clitoris was fully exposed. I knew lashes upwards on her pussy
would hit her sensitive clitoris. All her weight wasd now supported by her
arms and the stretch made her look beautiful. Ther waist became tiny to
accentuated her round butt and her tummy sunk in until it was concave with
all her ribs showing. I was jealous of all the compliments she received
with fondling from both the girls and boys. The boys hardly noticed me and
the other girls since we were wearing clothes. I offered to strip but Rob
said, "No. Tammy deserves all the attention."
     I couldn't tell if her whip was worse or better than mine. It looked
worse because each lash caused red stripes that reminded me of the switch
but the lines were skinnier and not quite as red as the switch. Either the
whip was not as bad as it looked or else she had learned to love the pain
like me because her only reaction was small gasps and moans. It was
different than my whipping where they just hit all over. The first guy
started at her back below her shoulders to leave evenly spaced stripes
down to her butt. They must have liked the effect because the next girl
continued the striping down to mid- thigh then began back handing and
forehanding her sides to stripe the outside of her breasts and down her
sides. The next continued on down until her outside thighs were striped
then started up her inner thighs. the next completed the striping of her
inner thighs then moved to her side to bring stripes over her pubic mound
and on up her stomach. The next finished the stripes on up to the tops of
her breasts. 
     The other thing that was different is the  awed silence of the
audience. It was easy to hear her small gasps and moans and soft voices
saying, "God. She is awesome." and "Oh! That one must have hurt bad." when
she winced. Finally an awed voice said, "Jesus. She looks like she is
wearing skin tight striped pajamas."
     At my whipping there was cheers and applause at ones that hurt enough
to make me squeal while she was just given respect.
     The other thing different was when she was completely striped they
moved to her and caressed the stripes while telling her she was wonderful.
I knew that would just increase her excitement and was not as impressed as
the others when Mike said, "You have been really brave. You can stop now
if you want." and she moaned "No. I can take it. I want to prove I can be
as brave as Jane."
     They began again but now didn't bother to hit straight across to let
stripes cross the others to make her uniformly red concentrating on her
butt, breasts, and stomach. I noticed they were not hitting as hard
because the lines were not as red and could tell by her panting and
trembling that she was in or near orgasm. 
     I began getting jealous which made me angry with her. I could see she
was just being stimulated to great orgasms and when it was my turn I hit
really hard hoping she would scream and ask for mercy. To my surprise at
about my tenth lash after she began screaming at each one Rob grabbed my
arm and said, "That is enough. You are too mean."
     Mike agreed saying, "Jesus Christ. Were you trying to kill her?"
Others said, "Shit, she volunteered for this. She should have a break.
Others just nodded and looked at me hatefully.
     I said lamely, "She wanted to prove she was brave. I just wanted to
let her prove it."
     Rob said, "Bullshit. You were just jealous she was getting so much
attention."
     That was true and I felt guilty and just said lamely, "I'm sorry."
     Mike kissed her then said, "I am the last one. Do you think you can
stand the rest."
     She was panting and trembling with tears running down her face as she
gasped, "Yes. I know you won't hurt me badly."
     He didn't either. He just slapped her breasts and pussy lightly until
she screamed, "Yes! Yes! I am cumming."
     She didn't need to tell us. It was obvious from the way her pussy
juices were soaking the whip.
     When he stopped I was humiliated by Rob saying, "Cherie to make up to
her. You will lick her pussy to keep her orgasms coming until she tells
you to stop."
     I felt completely humiliated as I knelt between her spread legs and
licked her clit and inner lips until she had soaked my face and neck with
her juices before she finally screamed, "Enough. I can't cum anymore."
     They took her down to lie on the floor then dabbed her with cool
towels then Mike poured some lotion on her and they gathered around to
caress her body. It was obvious it felt wonderful to her. She stretched up
her arms and spread her legs to let all the hands caress her torso and
thighs.
     That turned everyone on and we stripped to make love. I was amazed
that Tammy had recovered enough to sit on Mikes dick while he laid on his
back and gyrated to have another orgasm.
     We settled down to drink beer but Tammy was still getting a lot of
attention. I was jealous and went to her to say, "I am sorry I was so
mean. Would you like to whip me?"
     She made herself more heroic by saying, "No. I don't blame you. You
just wanted to be sure I was hurt as much as you."
     I was crushed. I just came out looking like an ogre while she was a
martyr. I really felt stupid for letting them know the whip had excited
me. If I had just kept my dumb mouth shut they would have continued to
believe I had suffered and would have been awed by me but now they thought
Tammy was a hero for volunteering while I had been forced into it by my
submission to Rob.
     I ended up sitting alone while Rob showed his contempt for me by
leaving me to talk to the other guys and girls complimenting the girls on
their bodies which weren't as nice as mine.
     Suddenly I remembered how excited Rob got when I told him how my
older sister was mistreated at "Hell Night" at her sorority.
     I was only about ten years old and was amazed when she came home at
Christmas to tell me her story. She was proud that she was now an
established member of her sorority but said she went through Hell to get
rid of her "Pledge" status.
     I asked what she meant by going through Hell.
     She said, "I don't think you are old enough to understand."
     That hurt my feelings and I said, "Yes I am. I am almost a woman. I
am getting boobs and everything. See."
     I lifted my T-shirt to show her my budding boobies still too small
for a bra but definitely boobs. I was fascinated by them and spent a lot
of time caressing and pulling on them hoping they would get as big as the
girls in Dad's calendars in his shop.
     She said, "Wow. You are growing. I was twelve before mine were that
big. I guess you are old enough besides you should know what will happen
when you go to college. But you have to promise you won't tell our
parents. They would shit."
     I agreed telling her I never told them anything.
     She said, "Well when you are a pledge you are hardly more than a
slave. You have to wait on the "Sisters," clean house and all the other
chores and when you make a mistake and break the rules they swat your butt
with a paddle."
     I said, "Ooh that must hurt. I have never been swatted."
     "Yeah but it gets worse. At the end of the quarter you go into Hell
Week. That adds embarrassment. The sisters went through our underwear
drawer and picked out our skimpiest bras and panties and that was all we
were allowed to wear after classes. unfortunately I had a pair of silk
lace bikini panties and matching bra my boyfriend had bought for me which
I had never worn except one time to model for him since it seemed worse
than naked. I was almost naked and it was especially embarrassing since
the sisters were fully dressed. The worst part was there was a million
rules and you couldn't help breaking one occasionally which got you swats
on the panties that really stung. It was worse for me because my panties
just had a string going between my butt cheeks so my ass was totally bare.
I think they picked on me more than the other girls because they could see
my buns turn red."
     I was amazed. "Why did you let them do that. I would have run away."
     "I had no choice. The only way out was to quit and it was one of the
best sororities. If you quit no other sorority would want you. Besides it
would have been cowardly. The Sisters had all been through it and I was
determined I could take anything they could."
     "Gee. Is a sorority all that important?"
     "God Yes. We have great parties and all the best looking and richest
boys only go out with sorority girls. but it got worse on Hell Night.
First of all they had us strip completely naked then Kay, the pledge
mistress, said that to identify us all as Alpha Chi Omega sisters we would
all wear a permanent marking. At that she lifted her skirt to show a
capital A had been shaved on her pussy."
     That interested me and I said, "Oh wow. That is wild. Can I see it?"
     She pulled down her panties and lifted her skirt to show me a little
"A" in stubble just above the slit of her pussy. Except for that her pussy
was completely bald.
     I said, "That is neat and it couldn't have hurt you."
     " Well some and it was embarrassing. They used clippers to cut the
hair about a half inch long then cut out the the outer parts of the letter
with a razor and all the rest of the hair. I had to lie on a table with my
legs spread for them to do it. The worst part is that it was exciting for
them to pull my lips around to get every hair and I am really sensual. I
had to do math problems in my head to keep from embarrassing myself more
by getting wet. Girls that couldn't do that were called sluts.
     The razor was too big to cut out the center parts of the letter so
they plucked out the hair one by one with tweezers. That really hurt
especially since they pulled each hair out slowly instead of just jerking
it out.
     Then we had to crawl through the "Gauntlet." In that we crawled
between the sister's legs while they swatted our bare asses with big wood
paddles."
     I said "Oh Wow! I would have crawled a million miles per hour."
     "They thought of that. Before we started they put handcuffs on our
wrists and a short rope between our knees so we could only take short
steps. If we lost our balance and fell they would keep hitting until we
could get back on our knees. By the time we went through the twenty girls
we were all crying and rubbing our stinging bruised butts.
     Kay asked a stupid question. She asked, "Are your butts sore?"
     It made me mad and I said, "Of course! I won't be able to sit on it
for classes." The other girls agreed and one sobbed, "Is it over?"
     Kay said, "It doesn't end until Midnight with the candle light
ceremony when you officially become Sisters. However from now on you can
have a choice. Either the paddle or this."
     From behind her back she held out a leather strap about the size of a
man's belt. It looked puny next to the paddle but there was more. She
said, "This doesn't hurt as much as the paddle so to make up for that it
would be used on more sensitive places. While the paddle is just for your
butt and thighs this will be used on your entire torso. The choice is up
to you."
     It seemed an easy choice to me and I was sure I would choose the
strap until another pledge asked, "By our torso do you mean it would be
used on our tummies and even maybe our boobs."
     Kay grinned and said, "Yes. That and your back and your crotch."
     The girl groaned and said, "OOH I could never stand that! I'll take
the paddle."
     Some others agreed and paddles were hung around their necks by
ribbons but I had to think about that before making a quick decision. My
butt was sore and throbbing. I didn't want it hit anymore and I thought
that the rest of my body was just skin too and the strap should only
sting. I chose the strap along with the majority. I think we thought she
was bluffing and would just use it on our backs.
     Then new rules were added to the many we already had. We were told we
were to obey all commands from our sisters. Anything refused would be
punished with five swats. Then we were to serve them the rest of the night
with the rules that we were to serve them by kneeling with our legs apart
and to say, Mistress may I offer this martini, or other drink and the
specific name of a canape. I knew I was in trouble since I had not worked
in the kitchen when the canapes were prepared to know what they were and
also only knew how to prepare the simplest drinks.
     I was lucky at first because the sisters who waved me over only
wanted beer or easy drinks like scotch and water.
     The first girl that was hit broke a longstanding rule to keep good
posture and keep her tummy tucked in. She must have forgotten in the
effort to get into position to serve the drink without spilling it.
     They had her stand sideways to the sister who hit her tummy five
times. It was real red but she had only gasped with no crying. 
     When we were at the bar I whispered, "How bad is it?" She whispered
back, "It just stings. It is much better than the paddle."
     Unfortunately we had broken the rule that we were not to talk to each
other and had not noticed a sister was nearby.
     I was given five lashes on my tummy to find she was right. It was
only stings on my tight tummy with no deep bruising pain like the paddle.
     Since they had already hit her tummy they had her spread her legs to
hit her inner thighs. I guessed that was a real sensitive area because it
brought tears to her eyes.
     Our lashing must have really impressed the other pledges because they
made no mistakes for about an hour.
     The sisters got bored and began ordering the girls to kiss their
butts and even their pussies. Refusal brought five lashes but I thought
doing it was worse since after a girl had kissed them they would call them
wimps or cowards to do it rather than take their lashes. Even worse the
next time they would be told to stick their tongues into their ass or
pussy which was too much for even the girls that hated pain.
     Then I was told to bring a sister a martini and a crab canape. I was
lucky on the martini since someone had made a full pitcher but when I went
to the canape table I found that there were canapes of both white albacore
tuna and crab. I couldn't tell which was which so just grabbed one
thinking that I had a fifty fifty chance.
     I guessed wrong. The sister spit it out in a napkin saying , "This is
tuna. You idiot. Do you want your five lashes on your breasts or pussy?"
     I didn't really want to make a choice. It would have been better if
she had picked a place. I finally mumbled, "My breasts. I guess Mistress."
     She made it worse by saying, "Fine. Say please whip my tits five
times Mistress."
     It seemed even worse to have to ask for them but I did since I had
seen a girl who had refused given ten lashes for disobedience. The really
hard part was to have to put my hands behind my head and stand quietly for
them. It took all my nerve.
     Thankfully my boobs aren't real sensitive, only the ones that hit my
nipples stung bad and even then there was a lasting tingle that seemed
exciting. I later found out lashes to my pussy were no worse and
surprisingly the bad ones were to my inner thighs and across my shoulder
blades since they felt they could hit that area extra hard.
     For the rest of the night when I made a mistake I asked for them on
my boobs or pussy since the tingle afterwards was exciting. I think if I
had ever been hit twenty times in a row on my pussy I might have had an
orgasm."
     That seemed incredible to me at the time but now I knew she was
right. 
     Rob loved the idea. But when he told the story he was obviously
impressed only with certain parts. He stood up and called for attention
then told them about my sisters initiation.
     "Cherie reminded me about her sisters initiation in the sorority. She
had to crawl between their legs while being swatted as they went through
and this is the best part. They had to ask for five lashes anywhere the
whipper wanted that wouldn't show with clothes on assuming a position
untied. If they didn't they would be dropped from the sorority. We have a
club. If the girls want to continue going to these parties they should
agree to be pledges and accept lashes until midnight. How many of you
girls want to be pledges?"
     I was disappointed. I had pictured Everything happening to just me
and I planned to take it all with no complaint so all of them, especially
the girls would know I was the bravest. At first only Tammy and I raised
our hands but finally the other two girls at the urging of their
boyfriends reluctantly raised theirs.
     One of the boys reminded Rob that they didn't have paddles and only
two whips but Rob said, "No problem. Cherie's Dad has a wood shop and we
can make paddles and we can have two more whips by cutting willow
switches."
     They scurried out the door and Joy came to me to say, "Jesus Cherie.
What have you got us into. My boyfriend is not about to give up these
parties he told me if I didn't do it he would get a girl that would. I am
telling him to hit you extra hard. Mary said, "Me too. With them all on
your tits and pussy. You'll be sorry you opened your big mouth. Our
boyfriends said they would hit easy and make sure Mike and Rob did too."
     I said "I'm sorry. I thought Rob would just want you to do all those
things to me so you would know I am braver than Tammy. It isn't my fault."
     "Well you were stupid. The whole idea is based on a lot of sorority
girls being punished. You should have known they would want all of us to
be included."
     I said defiantly, "I don't care. I hope they hit hard! Then you will
know I am the bravest girl here."
     She looked at me as if I was crazy then said, "Well you will get your
chance. The boys will be mean. I can hardly wait to see you begging for
mercy."
     "I won't! I won't beg for mercy no matter how bad it is. You'll see.
You will all seem like wimps compared to me."
The boys came back in and Rob said, "We only found one scrap of wood to
make a paddle but we found other things."
     They held up their "Things" Only the paddle looked bearable as it was
just a length of thin plywood. Mike was holding a willow switch about four
feet long, Tom was holding a fan belt off a car, and Bill had a thick
electric extension cord about six feet long he had doubled to hold on to
the plug ins on the end.
     Joy and Mary stared wide-eyed and kind of whimpered while Tammy just
stared with a sick look on her face. I also cringed at the thought of them
hitting me but at the same time I realized this was my chance to regain
respect. I was sure the other girls would scream and cry. If I could just
take it with dignity they would have to be impressed by my bravery.
     I screwed up my courage and said, "Would you like me to be first?"
     Rob said, "No.  We want you all to do it at the same time just like
the sorority. You can be last in line so you can see how the other girls
react to prove you have the most courage."
     They tied the our wrists together then improved on the sorority by
tying big weights from my father's bar-bell set to our ankles. Rob put the
biggest weights on me saying you will be last because you will be moving
the slowest."
     I cringed knowing that the slower we moved the more swats we would
get. It was obvious the boys knew that too because Joy had only ten pound
weights, Mary twenty, Tammy thirty, while I would be dragging forty pounds
on each ankle.
     They lined us up at the end of the room then Rob moved away about six
feet holding the paddle with his legs open, Tom got behind him with the
fan belt. Bill got behind them with his cord and finally Mike with the
switch.
     They weren't going to do it just like the sorority. instead of going
through in a line he decided to have us go through one at a time so we
could see it happening. That was worse because my fear would build from
seeing them suffer and knowing I would get it worst of all.
     Joy was first and began whimpering as soon as she realized the
bondage would force her to move slowly.
     Rob had time to hit the sides of her breasts, the sides of her
stomach two to her butt and two to her thighs before she was out of range 
only to have Tom leave horseshoe like welts on her back and butt with one
between her legs to hit her pussy. Bill left bigger welts with his cord
then Mike left skinny welts the length of her back with four on her butt
and a final one curling into her butt-crack. 
     Mary moved as fast as she could with a determined look on her face
but just as she got to the switch her weights became entangled and she had
to stretch out to drag up both legs at once. That gave Mike time to aim
carefully to let the switch curl under to hit her nipples and two hit both
ass-cheeks with a final terrible one down the crack of her butt that
brought a scream. Joy and Mary howled all the way through then collapsed
at the end to cry and rub their welts. Only Tammy was able to limit
herself to sobs although she moveed slowly to get at least six lashes from
each.and unbelievably stopped cold to let Mike stripe her butt and thighs
with only an agonized yelp as the switch went down her ass-crack to be
buried in her slit.
     As soon as a girl got through the line they came by me to watch the
next girl. "Joy said, "That was awful. I am going to be bruised. I hope
they fucking kill you!"
     By that time Tammy had started and as I saw her slow progress
dragging the weights I said, "They might. With these weights I will get
hit a lot."
     Finally the girls calmed down and Rob looked at me and said,"It is
your turn."
     To my amazement he untied my wrists. I thought he realized how hard
it would be to drag my weights and had taken pity on me. I said
gratefully, "Oh thank you. This will help me move a little faster."
     "No it won't. This was your idea so you get a handicap. You are going
through on your back."
     My resolve to be brave disappeared as I cried, "No. That isn't fair.
My boobs and pussy will be hit!"
     "Yeah. We decided that would make up for you being so mean to Tammy."
     The girls jumped up to come closer not to miss anything while the
boys grabbed their torture instruments and got into position.
     When I sat down I found the only way I could move was to plant my
butt then pull up my legs to drag the weight then lie back and slide
pushing with my feet and hands. I began to sob realizing I would be moving
very slowly and also my legs would be open when I moved the weight.
     When I got to Rob he hit the sides of my breasts then leaned over to
bring the paddle down flat on both boobs, my stomach, my crotch, and then
my tender inner thighs.
     I was barely past him when the fan belt jerked at my breasts and left
welts down my stomach and crotch only to get by him now sobbing loudly to
have the cord completely flatten my breasts, make my tummy jump then an
agonizing one right on my pussy.
     By then I was almost exhausted from the pain and effort which slowed
me enough to let Mike leave several stripes on my breasts and stomach then
made me scream with one on each side of my pussy with a final burying it
in my slit.
     I laid there sobbing with my body drenched in sweat and tears as I
was untied. Then Rob said," They deserve a reward. Let's go down on them."
     The other girls began squealing in pleasure right away but I hurt so
much he spent a long time licking my welts and bruised clit before I could
appreciate it and finally have a small orgasm.
     They gave us a break to drink some beer then we were reminded it was
not over when Rob said, "Hey it is only eleven. We have a whole hour to
test their obediance. We'll odd man to see which girl is ours. Nobody gets
their steady girl so there won't be any grudges later."
     None of us girls liked that. They were all afraid they would get Rob
and even if they got somone else they would not get the compassion they
might get from their boyfriends. I didn't like it because I wanted to show
Rob I would do anything for him. It would not be the same for anyone else.
Rod said, "From now until midnight you will only be punished if you refuse
to do as we ask."
     Jo and Mary began whining and begging not to be hurt anymore although
by then their welts had faded while I carried bruises. It made me mad and
I said, "Oh come on you wimps! I was hurt a lot more than you!"
     Tammy agreed, "Yeah! Try to be brave like Cherie."
     That shut them up although they looked at me with hate. I couldn't
blame them since my submissiveness had led them to this.
     Rob consoled them further by saying, "You won't be hurt as long as
you obey."
     I got Mike which scared me since he had the switch. Tammy seemed
pleased to get Rob. Mary and Joy were relieved they got guys who weren't
mean.
     Then the boys began swaggering around waving their whips or switches
menacingly and giving us orders.
     At first they just made us do humiliating things like kissing their
feet, their asses, licking their sweaty balls, and sucking their dicks. We
agreed without hesitation since that was certainly better than being
whipped. Even what they thought was the ultimate humiliation of having us
masturbate while they watched and then 69 each other actually provided
enough pleasure to surpass the embarrassment.
     Then Rob came up with something really gross. He said, "Cherie.
French kiss my asshole. Stick your tongue in as far as you can."
     It made me gag to even think about it and I refused. 
     He had me kneel then put my hands behind my back making it plain my
poor boobies were to be whipped even though they were still sore from the
switch. I whimpered with my only consolation the fact he was holding the
thong whip.Then he said something strange. "Okay which boob?"
     I couldn't see what difference it made as to which one he started
with and thought he just wanted to add humiliation by making me ask for
them but then got the hope he realized how sore they were and he may only
give me one.
     I gulped and said, "The right one."
     That wasn't good enough for him. He said, "No. Say please hit my
right boob for refusing you. Make it hurt."
     I was right. He grinned at the others as they stared at my trembling
body until I took a deep breath and sobbed out, ""Please hit my right boob
for refusing you. Make it hurt."
     He made it worse by prolonging my fear by having me pose with my head
and shoulders back and with a deep breath to push it out as far as
possible.Even that didn't satisfy him and he told Mike to hold my elbows
together behind my back.
     He hit the outside of my right boob so hard there was a terrible
sting and he slapped violently into my left breast.I screamed but that did
not stop him from hitting it at the cleavage to send it into my
armpit.then another to the outside another to the cleavage and a final one
across the nipples that left me sobbing with tears running from my eyes.
     Then he said something I thought was incredibly stupid. He said
gently, "Would you like to kiss my ass-hole now?"
     I said angrily. "Are you crazy. Why would I do it now after suffering
so much to avoid it?"
     He said, "Then I guess I'll have to do the left one."
     I couldn't take that. Five quick hard lashes did not allow me to get
numb. It was just pure pain. I cried desparately, "No. No! I'll do it!"
     He said, "Too late. You had your chance."
     I sobbed resigning myself to it as I felt Mikes Hands tightening
around my elbows. The girls asked me later why I hadn't tried to escape
and hide but I knew at the time I was not strong enough to get away from
Mike and was sure if I didn't cooperate he would just make it worse.
     In a way he did make it worse and yet better. He told me to count
when I was ready and at "One" he would hit it. It was worse because now I
would be asking for each one but that also gave me a chance to let the
pain radiate through my body to allow excitement to build. When he hit my
boob at "One" I let several seconds to go by as the pain moved to my
crotch before saying "Two" to bring on more pain. By five I was actually
looking forward to the sting to my nipple I knew would bring me to orgasm.
     When Mike let go of me I just fell back on the floor sobbing and
caressed my sore, swollen and throbbing tits but thrills were coursing
through my body.
     Mike thought that was a great idea and asked Tammy to do it. She also
refused. I knew it would be awful since he was using the switch. From her
screams when it dug into her boobs I knew it must be terrible especiall
the last across her nipples and I had to give her credit for being able to
hold her pose standing with her legs apart and her hands behind her head.
She also fell to the floor whimpering and caressing her boobs but I also
noticed she was rubbing her thighs together and I saw moisture at her
slit.
     Then Mary and Jo were told to do it. They were frightened by our
screams and agreed.
     The boys made them do it while they had Tammy and I suck their dicks
until they came. Tammy and I like sucking dicks because it was fun to
watch the boys make faces as they neared orgasm. In an unspoken agreement
Tammy and I did it slowly since we knew the other girls would have to
tongue their asses until the boys came.
     Tammy and I felt superior to them and I said, "You girls are
disgusting!" Tammy said, "Yeah. You have shit around your lips."
     Jo and Mary began crying as they frantically wiped their mouths and
evidentally Bill and Tom felt sorry for them and told us to suck their
ass-holes sure we would not choose to be whipped again but we were
trapped. Since we had refused our boy-friends we couldn't do it for them.
     Tom had me kneel then lay back while he had Mary and Joy hold my legs
open by my knees while he used the switch on my pussy. Fortuneately he let
me count and since he never hit my clit it didn't hurt nearly as much as
my boobs. I just got very excited and it was all I could do to keep from
continuing the count after five to get my orgasm. Fortuneately it turned
rob on to see the welts form acroos my pussy lips so he fucked me to let
me cum.
     Then they did the same to Tammy only with her whip. She screamed at
each one but I noticed that for the last two she raised her hips to meet
the lash. Her last scream ended with a shudder and moan that I knew meant
she had cum.
     That was the last time we were whipped. The boys were really
impressed by our courage. From then on the boys just made love to us and
told us they loved us and promised never to hurt us as much ever again
until they could no longer get hard.
     Rob was really nice to me for two weeks taking me to dinner and
movies and making love with no pain. I didn't cum and made a mistake. I
told him that it was alright for him to hurt me and suggested he hit my
tits with an eighteen inch wood ruler while I sat on his dick and pumped.
     I got so excited I flooded his balls with my juices. He said, "Jesus.
That really turned you on. I wonder just how much you can take."
     That frightened me and I said, "I was only able to take it because of
your fantastic dick in me." He looked doubtful and I realized I would be
tested. Although it frightened me I was also curious as to just how much
pain I could take.
     Then we got a chance for another beer party. Evidentally the
initiation was the last straw for Mary and Jo because Tom and Bill said
they had been dumped and hadn't found new girls yet who would obey. They
missed out. Tammy and I became completely satiated by having two boys at
once fucking our pussies and asses and going down on us. We were only
given light spanking to our butt while we blew them or having our breasts
spanked lightly with a sof leather strap when we were on top. It hardly
hurt at all.
     It made me love him even more and I told him my fantasy of resisting
torture rather than betraying him.
     He seemed really impressed and said, "Do you really think you would
suffer that much for me?"
     "Oh yes! I would die for you!"
     That really made him happy and he hugged and kissed me then took me
up to the woods where we could have privacy to make love in the sun. He
did satisfy my fantasy of being whipped by a lttle switch from the thorny
bush. It brought on a glorious orgasm although there were a few drops of
blood around my nipples.
     He was nice to me for weeks even passing up a beer party because he
didn't want to share me. That convinced me that he really loved me and was
jealous.
     Then my folks said they were leaving on Friday for a weekend with
Grandma. I told them I couldn't go because I had a test at school Monday
which was a lie.
     I rushed to tell Rob that we would have three nights and two days
together. He was happy except that he was playing poker with some guys who
got him marijuana on Friday night.
     I begged him to let me go with him so we could make love after it was
over. He said, "Well girls aren't normally allowed but I guess I could
tell them I brought you to be our barmaid."
     I was happy he had relented. Friday night I dressed in just a half-
shirt and micro-skirt so Rob could reach under to fondle me and we drove
to an old industrial section of town that looked totally deserted until we
pulled up to a ramshackle garage surrounded by old cars and motorcycle
parts with a dim light coming through a filthy window. Rob opened the door
to reveal three big dirty guys in filthy T-shirts and motorcycle jackets
sitting around a card table. The one facing us said nastily, "It is about
time. Did you bring lots of money?"
     "Enough to break you guys and I also brought us a barmaid. Cherie
meet Spike, Lucky and Slim."
     I went over to shake their greasy hands. Spike the obvious leader
said, "Our barmaids are always topless."
     To my surprise Rob said, "You haven't seen topless until you have
seen her. Cherie, take off the shirt."
     I hesitated. This seemed much more embarrassing than showing my boobs
to our friends the same age. These guys were older, in their twenties and
their staring eyes made me feel uncomfortable.
     Rob said, "Well. Come on."
     I pulled the shirt off over my head and stood there nervously but
then I felt better when Rob said I was the prettiest girl in school to
show he had only made me do it to show how proud he was of me.I even
appreciated the biker's low whistles and compliments thinking that they
were old enough to get into topless bars and I must be special to be
appreciated considering how many naked girls they had seen.
     I relaxed a little when attention was diverted from me as Spike
explained the rules of the game then started selling poker chips.When
everything was set Spike held out his paper cup and told me to get
everybody beers from the keg sitting in a tub of ice in the corner. I
found a cup for Rob at the keg but there was no tray so I could only bring
two at a time. As the game progressed it was obvious I would be kept busy
since the cups were so small they drank them quickly. I began to relax a
little more as I was ignored as they concentrated on the game only ones
who had folded their cards stared at my quivering boobs as I delivered
cups over the rough dirt floor.
     I brought a cup to Slim who had leaned back in his chair after
throwing in his hand who shocked me by reaching under my skirt and
squeezing my butt. 
     I pulled away then went to Rod and whispered, "Slim squeezed my
butt." hoping his jealousy would make him tell them to stop but he just
grumbled, "They won't hurt you. Leave me alone. Can't you see I am losing
here."
     He said it loud enough for them to hear and when I looked at them
they were all grinning at me. From then on I was groped every time I
brought a cup with them getting bolder and giving me painful pinches to my
nipples or cunt lips to grin at my gasps and blushes. I knew I was being
disloyal but I was glad to see Rob's chips slowly recede hoping he would
soon be broke and we could leave.
     He began winning. Soon his chips were as high as when he had started.
He became real confident and said, "Let's take off the limit on the last
bets."
     Spike said, "Okay kid. Your luck can't last forever."
     I was familiar with their game of seven card stud from penny ante
poker with my family and later strip poker. You were dealt two cards face
down that only you could see and one up all could see then you were dealt
three more cards face up with bets on each card then a final card face
down with more bets. I had been retreating behind Rob's chair whenever I
didn't have to bring a beer and be groped. I saw Rob's luck had really
changed when he was dealt two tens face down and another up. Rob bet ten
dollars each time and others just called. until the last card when they
all folded except Spike. Rob bet another ten but Spike called and raised
forty. Rob looked at the four hearts in Spikes open cards and said, "Shit
you have the flush, and folded." Spike laughed and showed two aces in the
hole and no flush. He had bluffed and won.
     Spike ordered a beer and when I brought it he wrapped his arm around
my waist to hold me while he jammed two fingers into my pussy evidentally
to humiliate me as he had Rob. I was relieved when Rob said, "Let her go
you bastard."
     Spike just laughed and let me go to run behind Rob.
     A few hands later I came back from the bathroom to see Rob had two
kings in the hole and another face up. It was obvious  Rob had the best
hand. Spike just had a pair of sevens. and the others just had mixed
cards. Rob just bet five dollars to keep the others from folding. The next
card Rob got an ace and bet five dollars again Spike raised it to ten 
with three spades for possible flush. Slim and Lucky dropped out. On the
last card Rob was dealt another Ace face down. He now had a full house
with three kings and two aces. He was no longer wary of Spikes flush and
pushed out all his chips. Spike calmly called and raised a hundred. We
stared at his card showing three spades that wouldn't make a straight
flush. Rob grinned and showed his cards to me and said, "Should we call
him, Hon?" I said excitedly "Go for it!"
anxious to see  the disappointment on Spike's smirking face.
     Rob said, "I call!" and turned over his hole cards to show his full
house. Spike laughed and showed two more sevens. He had four sevens in the
first four cards. He said, "Cough up the hundred."
     Rob gulped then said in a frightened voice, "I don't have it. But
I'll pay you. It will just take a little time."
     Spike erupted in anger. He grabbed the front of Rob's shirt to jerk
him to his feet and said, "You son of a bitch! You heard the rules. This
is a cash game only. You should have folded. I am not waiting I'll just
take it out in blood!"
     He pulled back his hand to hit Rob who looked terribly frightened. I
grabbed Spike's arm and cried, "Don't hurt him! It was my fault! I told
him to call! Take it out on me."
     Spike looked at me then released his grasp on Rod's shirt to let him
fall back in his chair. He said, "That might be alright. I haven't had any
teenybopper pussy for awhile. Take off the skirt so I can see if your cunt
is tight enough to make it worthwhile."
     Fucking him would be gross but it was a hundred times better than
having him beat up Rob or me. I took off the skirt humiliated and
frightened that he may have a huge dick. I stood there shaking in fear
with my thighs clenched together but he humiliated me more by coming over
to me and telling me to spread my legs then rammed two fingers into my dry
pussy. I whimpered as he turned to Lucky and Slim and said, "She seems
pretty tight. What do you guys think?" Lucky said, "Yeah. We ought to get
a hundred bucks worth." Slim agreed saying, "Hell I can get a hundreds
worth all by myself.
     Spike looked at Rob and said, "We don't want you to interfere." Lucky
and Slim jumped up to get rope and a shop rag. They tied him to the chair
then tied the rag around his mouth. I was glad he was tied because he
might try to save me and he wouldn't have a chance against the three of
them.
     Spike came over to me and pushed down on my shoulders to make me
kneel in front of him. He unbuttoned his jeans and slid them down his legs
saying, "Suck this until it is good and hard for your fuck."
     That was ridiculous. It was already as hard as it could get. It was
big but not the monster I had feared. It was gross! He must not have
washed it for weeks. It tasted awful and he made it worse by telling me I
was a shitty cocksucker and to use my tongue. Just as I thought he may cum
and it would be over he had me lick his balls which also had an acrid,
salty taste then he had me lie back in a puddle of oil to jam in his dick.
He crushed my boobs in his hands to make them ache as he pumped then said
loudly, "That's better. She is getting in to it. Her pussy is wet!"
     I was ashamed my body had betrayed me in spite of my hate for him,
the pain to my tits, and the gritty feeling of the dirt and oil on my back
but there was no denying it because his dick was no longer causing the
friction in my pussy tunnel. finally he came and Slim rolled me over to
jam his dick into my as-hole causing screams until my blood from tearing
the tissues made it slick.
     Lucky pulled my head up and forced his dick into my mouth then into
my throat making me gag  Slim came with a grunt then Lucky jerked out his
dick to humiliate me by shooting his cum into my eyes and nose.
     I just laid in the puddle of dirty oil whimpering feeling burns from
my skin abraded by the dirt floor until Spike said, "She is a mess. Let's
clean her up."
     They picked me up by my arms then tied my wrists to a chain hoist
hook hanging from the ceiling.then rolled over a car axle to tie my legs
widely apart to the brake drums.
     There was a clicking sound as they raised the hoist until it felt
like my joints were being pulled apart and my vertebrae separated.
     they just stared at me a moment while I moaned, "Oh God! I hurt. I
hurt!"
     Then Lucky picked up a can of gasoline  and splashed it on my back
and front. It burned awful on my skin abraded by the dirt but they just
ignored my screams as they took shop rags and dipped them in gas to scrub
off the dirt and oil.
     I became totally frightened when they stepped back to watch me and
listen to my hoarse cries and lit cigarettes. I was sure I would be set on
fire but then they put them out in a can of water and picked up a hose
with a spray nozzle and began spraying me with cold water. I was shivering
from the cold but at least the burning had stopped.
     Then Lucky said, She isn't totally clean." He jammed the nozzle into
my pussy for an icy douche then jammed it in my ass-hole laughing when he
took it out and I shot brown water while making farting noises.
     I hung there sobbing from the humiliation and pain from my stretched
bowel. Spike said, "Shit. She enjoyed the fucking. She still owes us. Her
tits look good but I'll bet they would look better if they were swollen."
     He took off his big western belt and began whipping them so hard I
was sure they would be torn. It hurt so bad I passed out only to be
awakened by a spray of cold water from the hose to see Lucky standing by
my side with a pool cue. He hit my sore tits so hard it buried itself to
hit the bones and with only a few I passed out again.
     I don't know how long I was out. I came around to see them drinking
beer while looking at me. Spike said, "She is one tough bitch!" Then he
came forward to jam his dick in my pussy while Lucky jammed his in my ass-
hole. I was so hoarse from screaming I could only gasp and grunt as their
dicks dragged on my dry holes.
     They finally came and Spike said, "Your turn Slim."
     Slim said, "Not yet. You guys have loosened her up but I can get her
tight again."
     He had Spike and lucky grab my upper arms then pull my legs up and
out so my pussy was totally exposed.
     He picked up a short length of chain and began beating my pussy! I
screamed hoarsely as my pussy squirmed under the terrible deep bruising
pain until he quit to feel it. I looked down to see it had turned maroon
and had swollen so much the slit was nearly closed. I ached clear into my
belly. But even that was not enough. He said, "A little more." and  hit
even harder. That was the end of my endurance I passed out but it didn't
do me any good . I came to sputtering from the icy water hitting my face
and soaking my body then they began fucking me some more. But then Slim
said, "Shit! She is getting loose again."
     He left for a moment and had them hold my legs open nearly to a split
then he came back with a length of barbed wire. I screamed "No! No!" but
he began hitting my pussy with it. It was just awful and when a barb dug
into my clit I passed out. I don't know if he fucked it because I didn't
awaken until I found myself lying on a plastic tarp on my bed and Rob was
caressing salve on my pussy.
     He realized I was awake when I moaned, "Oh God. Am I ruined?"
     "No but you are bruised. Baby I am so sorry. You shouldn't have come
with me. Why didn't you just let them beat me up?"
     "I couldn't. I made you let me come with you and I told you to call
his bet. I deserved it and now you know how much I love you."
     He kissed me gently and said, "I love you too and would do the same
for you."
     That almost made it worth all the pain. He kept on caressing on salve
until the pain began to subside then I asked him to turn on the overhead
light and get my mirror off the dresser so I could see myself.
     It was horrible. My breasts were solid black and blue and were
swollen so much it looked as if I had a boob operation.
     My pussy was just as bruised and still so swollen my slit was a tight
line even though my legs were open. There were black scabs all over it
from the barbed wire.
     I was bruised for several days. My clit was scratched from the wire
and so sensitive I coulddn't stand to touch it. Rob didn't want to hurt me
by fucking me and was satisfied by blow-jobs then gently licked my clit
which remained tender even later from the terrible abuse.
     When I could walk normally he took me to a really nice restaurant. I
was surprised he could afford it since I knew the poker game had taken all
his money.
     I turned out to be a real heroine. Rob told them all about it. The
other girls had to admit that though they loved their boyfriends they
doubted they would have the courage to save them from the nasty bikers.
     Rob bragged that I had been able to take it with only grunts and
small screams which made me feel proud but then afraid when Tammy said, "I
guess we won't have to use those wimpy whips on you. You must have a real
high tolerance for pain."
     I tred to explain that it took all my courage but they didn't believe
me. Tammy said, "She would have screamed her guts out if it had been all
that bad." The others agreed with her.
     A few weeks later we had a chance to have another party. Tammy
suggested we play strip poker with the winner getting the cocks sucked or
pusses eaten by the loser. 
     I asked, "What happens when one of us is naked. Do we just drop out
of the game or what?"  
     Tammy said, "No. We play until we are all naked. Once you lose your
clothes you play for chips with each chip being a lash."
     A couple of girls said they had never played poker and I had played
penny-ante a lot so I was sure one of them would lose.
     Rob passed out chips noting the amount in a notebook.
     The chips only counted after we were naked.
     Actually my penny-ante experience was no help. I had always played
every hand to the end since there was little risk.
     I was lucky at first getting miracle cards that let me win. The game
was really biased against us girls since all we were wearing was half-
shirts and skirts while the boys had pants, shirts, t-shirts, shorts,
socks and shoes. They even decided their wrist watches counted since they
hid skin.
     Rob said we would play until all but one lost their clothes or until
midnight.
     In a few hands all of us girls were naked while the boys had only
lost shoes and socks or nothing. As we got naked Rob handed out chips
saying they could be used to buy back clothes. He gave me red chips which
I thought was appropriate since that is the way my skin would look if I
lost.
     The other girls realized that too and began to play very
conseratively by dropping out unless they had good cards. Meanwhile I got
lucky and the girls chips began to pile up in front of me. I did a dumb
thing calling them cowards for not risking their chips. That made them
hate me. 
     Then my luck changed. I lost the chips in front of me  in one hand I
thought I wouldn't lose.
     I got more chips thinking I could win them back. I noticed the girls
were playing real conseratively throwing away their hands until they had
good cards. Rather than following their lead I chided them for their lack
of nerve and plunged on. I had lost about sixty chips when the beer got to
me and I had to go to the bathroom. I suddenly realized why the girls were
so careful when I saw that next to the cuffs hanging ominously from the
ceiling was a willow switch nearly six feet long. I knew it would hurt
awfully and that I would get little or no sympathy if I ended up the
loser. 
     I began to play better but it didn't seem to help. Now they
recognized when I had a good hand and wouldn't call my bet which left me
with a small win. The boys had our chips in front of them so they paid off
with them rather than lose clothes. Finally the boys began losing their
clothes. I began winning their chips and began to think I may be able to
whip one of them.  
     At midnightd everyone used the chips in front of them to pay off
their debt by buying back their color of chips.
     I was able to buy back a few of mine but it was obvious I was the
loser from all the red chips left in front of them. Rob was the big
winner. I was glad he had won since I was sure he would not hit hard.
     To my surprise Rob said, "I don't want to hurt her." and gave his
chips to the others equally so after their debts were paid even the girl
almost as unlucky as me had a few chips in front of her which could be
used to give me lashes.
      I didn't know what to think. I thought Rob was wonderful not to hurt
me but on the other hand he had done me no favor since the others had no
reason to go easy. They counted my chips and I had lost a hundred and
twenty.
     I whimpered, "Oh that is too much. You won't hit hard will you?"
     Jo grinned and said, "Yes we will. You should be punished for betting
so much. You could have dropped out more often when you had a loser."
     They decided to let the guy with the most chips go first but then
Tammy said, "That switch is nasty. We should only give her ten then a
rest."
     That was no concession and she knew it. By getting a lot at once my
skin would get numb and it would be over with quickly. This way every lash
would hurt and it would last forever with twelve sessions.
     "I said, "No. I want to get it over with quickly."
     Tammy said, "Don't be silly. This will get you ten orgasms instead of
one."
     The others agreed and dragged me over to the ropes to pull up my
arms. I clenched my thighs together hoping to protect my tender inner
thighs but they would have none of that and pulled my legs so widely apart
my slit opened.
     I sobbed knowing the switch would be terrible there.
     They decided that the one with the most chips could be first That was
Mike. He came over to me and said, "I have a lot of chips. I'll just give
you a warm-up."
     He put all ten across my butt. He didn't hit real hard and I was able
to take it with just gasps but it still really stung and I realized this
was my least sensitive place. The switch dug in to make a terrible sting
that seemed to go deep into my body.
He said, "That's just right. Great stripes and any harder would cut her."
     It was time for my break and Tammy began caressing my ass marvelling
at the way the stripes caused ridges above the white skin between them. I
was enjoying her caresses when she made me yelp in surprise when she
spanked my butt-cheek with her hand. "She said, "Oh look. The spank makes
the skin a pretty pink between the stripes."
     They must have liked the effect because other hands joined her to
spank keeping my butt-cheeks in constant vibration. It wasn't fair. I knew
they would not count the spanks as lashes but it was so much better than
the switch I didn't complain. Truthfully I was enjoying it,especially the
ones at the lower part of my butt that let the ends of their fingers hit
my pussy.
     I guess they considered the spanking my break because as soon as they
were satisfied the skin was pink enough Joy stepped up to say I have a lot
of chips too so I'll continue the warm-up.
     The excitement that had begun to build disappeared instantly to be
replaced by pure pain as she gave me ten hard lashes across my back.
     I just blubbered as pain and heat enveloped my body.
     I guess they weren't interested in caressing my back because they
just stood there watching fascinated as I sobbed. When I calmed a little
Mary stepped up and said, "I only have ten so I am going to make them
count. 
     She brought back gasps and screams by alternating lashes on my boobs
and pussy. It really hurt and when she quit both my boobs and pussy were
throbbing with pain but perversely I knew if she had gone on longer I may
have reached orgasm.
     At least they were interested in caressing those areas and the pain
subsided as hands caressed me and lips and tongues caressed my extended
nipples.
     Then Bob stepped up to stroke the switch up and down my slit as he
said, "Any special requests?"
     I said breathlessly, "Oh God. Just get it over with fast. Hit me more
than ten."
     Tammy said, "Maybe you would like to get it over super fast by having
three of us hit you at once. Bob is left handed so it would work out."
     I knew that would be terrible but on the other hand it would all be
over in a third of the time. I said, "Oh God. My body will be on fire but
at least it will be over. Give me all the rest of the lashes."
     They left me hanging there as Mike rushed out to cut two more
switches. Fear returned as I realized I had just asked for ninety in a
row. I consoled myself by knowing that many would certainly bring the
numbness and I may even get to orgasm in spite of the greater pain of
switches.
     They decided that since Mike, Joy and Jim had the most chips they
could give me thirty each.
     They cut cards to see who would hit each area. Jim was disappointed
to get my back and butt. He brightened when I pleaded, "Please don't hit
my back. It hurts with no thrill."
     Tammy said increduously, "Jesus. Can you believe this. She thinks
this will bring her thrills!"
     Rod grinned and said, "It might. She is awesome!"
     Joy was told that she would hit from my belly-button up while Mike
was to hit from my belly-button down.
     Fear returned when Joy squeezed my boob and said, "When I am done
with these they will be so swollen it will look like you have had
implants. Mike said, "Yeah! And her pussy will look like she has grown
balls."
     I whimpered and tried to brace myself as they got into position. Then
there was searing pain across my butt-cheeks followed quickly by worse
pain across my boobs then across my pubic mound. They timed it so at least
one switch was hitting me as the others pulled back so the pain was
constant. I cried and squealed because it seemed to get worse and worse
but then after about thirty I began getting numb and the pain began to be
replaced by thrills.by about fifty my screams were replaced by just gasps
and moans as I got closer and closer to climax. Finally toward the end I
began pumping my hips back and forth to meet the lashes on my butt and
pussy as orgasms ripped through my body.
     My mind had gone into a kind of stupor but I heard Tammy scream,
"Shit! She is cumming!"
     I was still pumping when they quit. Rod yelled, "Don't stop. She will
pass out when she gets the ultimate orgasm!"
     Jim moved to my front and then two switches began hitting my pussy
while Joy concentrated on my nipples. It only took a few before I let out
a scream as this monster orgasm ripped through me and I passed out.
     I must have slept for some time. When I woke the pain was gone
replaced by throbbing. I was glad to see they all felt guilty and they all
apologized saying they would never hurt me that bad again as they caressed
salve on my boobs and slit. It was obvious my clit and nipples had been
hit because they were still tingling.
     The girls began licking my nipples and pussy but I weakly said, "I
can't cum anymore. Just let me sleep."
     Two of the boys helped me up and led me to the bedroom. I stopped
when I saw myself in a full length mirror. Now I knew why they felt so
guilty. I must have slept for some time because the red was replaced by
ugly black and blue bruises and my boobs and pussy had swollen to the
point the skin was tight as a drum.
     I whimpered and said, "Oh Rod. How could you let them hurt me so
much?"
     He kissed me and said, "It was so bad at first I didn't think you
should be cheated of your ultimate orgasm."
     I didn't know what to say. He was right. The only way I could stand
it was the constant pain that let me get numb. If they had continued with
ten at a time it would have been worse so I just nodded.
     I slept until noon but even then I was still a little swollen and the
bruises looked even worse. They lasted for days. I showed them to them at
every opportunity to reinforce their promises to never hurt me that much
again.
     It was a good thing my folks were gone on a three day weekend because
I couldn't stand wearing clothes. Rob stayed with me to put on salve and
make gentle love to me which made me forgive him for not stopping them.
     The one I was really mad at was Tammy. She had been the one
encouraging them to hit harder and all at once to keep me in constant
pain. Somehow I had to get even with her.
     At our next beer party I suggested it was Tammy's turn to be whipped.
No-one agreed with me saying there had to be a reason. In desparation I
took a chance on something I thought I could stand if I was unlucky and
said, "Okay. Tammy and I can have a contest. We'll cut cards. High card
gives the other thirty lashes with the thong whip just on breasts and
pussy."
     Tammy protested, "No. You are mean. You would hurt me bad."
     I said, "It is only fair. You hurt me bad."
     She refused but as we drank more beer while the others worked on her
saying she had an even chance and was being cowardly she finally agreed.
     She drew first and got a Jack. I moaned knowing I would have to get a
queen or better to beat her.I said, "You can back out if you want."
     She sneered and said, "Not a chance. This is your idea. Your tits and
pussy are going to be black and blue for a week!"
     I hesitantly reached out to the deck sure that I would lose but when
I turned over the card it was a king. I squealed in glee. I had not just
won but after what she said I knew no-one would complain no matter how
hard I hit her.
     She knew it too. She began to cry as guys pulled off her half-shirt
and skirt. I was already naked since everyone wanted to check out the
small bruises still remaining on my tits and pussy.
     They buckled her wrist but as they started to tie her feet I said,
"No. Just grab her legs and hold her in a split. They did and her bald
pussy opened wide.
     She screamed and howled as I hit her tits twenty times as hard as I
could then I began bringing the whip up into her crotch lke a soft ball
pitcher. Amazingly on the seventh one she screamed, "I'm cumming!" I hit
the last three as hard as I could but she actually struggled to push her
hips forward to meet the whip. They released her to lie on the floor where
her body convulsed in orgasms as she frantically dug at her pussy.
     I felt totally frustrated. Rather than getting even I had just given
her ultimate orgasms and made her a heroine. Everyone gushed at how
fantastic she was and guys and girls licked her red boobs and pussy.
     About a week later I was putting gas in my car when I felt a tap on
my shoulder. I turned around to see Spike!
     I was consumed by hate and yelled, "Get away from me, you bastard! I
should call the cops and have you arrested for what you did to me!"
     "Hey! Chill out! It wasn't my idea. Rob said you got off on pain if
you had an excuse. We paid him a hundred each to do anything we wanted to
you. We thought you were never going to take a piss so we could stack the
cards. If you want to bitch, Bitch to him."
     I was speechless. I just stood there shaking with rage as he got on
his Harley and rode off.
     I drove to Rob's place and beat him with my fists as I screamed, "I
know what you did you bastard. I loved you! How could you let those bikers
do that to me! I never want to see you again."
     The son of a bitch didn't even apologize. He just said as he fended
me off, "Aw come on. You were only sore for a few days. You know you
enjoyed being a hero."
     I have a new boyfriend now. He is really sweet. He thinks I am
beautiful and can't do enough for me. He is even pretty good in bed but to
tell the truth it isn't very exciting.
     When I see Rob caressing his new girl's butt as she looks at him
adoringly I am tempted to go back to him. I am sure he would never hurt me
that bad again.

                                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





