BDSM Library - Heather




Heather
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rich spoiled brother and sister become bored with sex with each other, heather kidnaps poor girls for them to torture. Surprisingly girls get to love her.
Heather
by Allene

Story of lance and heather and janie

    I guess Lance and I are perfect examples of the effect of too
much money and influence on people trying very hard to avoid
being bored. Since we had done all the kid things like Disneyland
and Disneyworld by the time I was eleven and he was twelve it was
only natural to look for more exciting things.
    Since my parents were third generation wealthy and Dad's idea
of work was going to stockholders meetings two or three times a
year and Mother's was her annual charity ball they were probably
even more shallow than us.
    We learned about sex very early. When we were six or seven we
used to lie on the floor on the upstairs balcony to watch all the
naked people swimming in our indoor pool with the inevitable orgy
later.
    By the time Lance was twelve he could maintain a boner long
enough to get me into orgasm. This brought about more study in
the form of watching Dad's hardcore porn videos so we could
experiment with all kinds of sex.
    A couple of the videos included spanking. We had never
thought of it as sex but I let Lance spank me and we found it
turned both of us on as long as he did not hit too hard. I liked
him to spank hard enough to get my ass red especially at the
lower part close to my pussy but if I felt any real pain I would
make him quit which would kill both of our excitements.  
    Lance could not impress the girls at our private school with
his money since they were also wealthy but he could still get
laid at will just because of his good looks. Like me he quickly
became bored with our friends lack of imagination and would
always return to me so we could both get off. I couldn't
understand our peers. They were raised like us and had all kinds
of opportunities but the girls could still stay interested in
buying clothes and the boys were able to maintain interest in
sports, even boring ones like golf.
    Then we saw a movie that was only "R" rated but created a
brand new desire. It was called "The Story of 'O'."
    The movie turned us on so much we were fucking each other as
we watched it by having me sit on his dick facing the TV while he
watched over my shoulder. When it was over Lance said excitedly.
    "Jesus! That would be wonderful to have a beautiful girl like
that as my slave. Shit! We were just born too fucking late. With
our money if we lived in the south in the eighteen hundreds we
could have had gobs of slaves. Not fat nigger bitches either.
They were still considered black when they had a trace of black
blood even if they were as white as us."
    "Oh God yes! It would even better for me because I could have
men as well as women slaves to cater to any of my whims or
fantasies."
    "Jesus the thought is making me horny again. Would you let me
whip you?"
    "Fuck you! If you think you can make me your slave you can
think again. I want a slave for myself!"
    He was very disappointed. In fact so much his hard-on went
away. He didn't give up though. Finally he made a little whip by
nailing leather shoe-strings on a broom-stick. He said he would
do anything if I would just let him whip me once. He couldn't
bribe me with presents because I had a handful of credit cards
and could buy anything I wanted. I finally agreed with
conditions.
    "All right you can whip me. I know you want to re-create the
scene in the movie so you can hang ropes off the posts in the
archway but I won't be tied. I'll just wrap them around my wrists
and hold on to them. If you hurt me bad I'll let go and never let
you do it again. Also I told you I wanted a slave too. You will
have to be my slave tomorrow and get whipped too."
    "All right Heather, you have a deal except you have to be my
slave all day. We can go up to our cabin for the weekend. Mother
and Dad never go up there anymore."
    That was true. Mother thought the cabin was much too crude as
there were dirt and bugs around the house because of the natural
setting. Mother thought that anyplace without manicured lawns and
room service was incredibly primitive. Lance and I liked the
place. It was very large and private with thirty fenced acres and
a boat so we could water ski. We never took our friends there
because we did not want them to get in the habit of dropping in
while we were running around in the woods naked.
    We went up there the next day. He had me get naked and tied
my hands behind my back for the last ten miles up the private
road. It made me excited to think we might meet another car that
would see me but since we had dark windows on the "Caddie" it
wasn't likely I would be seen. He left my hands tied till he had
hung some ropes down from the ceiling beam then untied me so I
could assume the position of the girl in the movie with my arms
and legs spread. He whipped me several times and like in the
movie when he hit my back the ends of the whip came around to hit
my breasts. He did not hit hard since he was afraid I might tell
him to stop. It was just a sting with some reddening of my flesh.
To my surprise it made me very excited. I had always thought the
spankings were childish and just tolerated them. This seemed very
erotic. I was more than ready when he dropped the whip and forced
his dick in my ass while gripping and pulling on my tits and
pussy. I held onto the ropes until he had cum once to my three or
four. For the rest of the day and night he led me around with a
leash attached to a dog-collar around my neck and when he fed me
He would have me stand up on my knees with my hands to the
outside of my tits while putting pieces of meat and veggies in my
mouth. When I was thirsty I had to lap water out of a bowl on the
floor. He had me lick his balls and asshole. When that got him
good and hard I would suck his dick. I didn't mind because I knew
it would be my turn tomorrow.
    The next day I told him that he was tougher than me so I
should be able to tie him up for his whipping. He finally agreed
and I used all my weight pulling down on the ropes to stretch him
out for his whipping. I covered his whole back, his butt, his
thighs and finished on his chest. He hated every minute of it. He
didn't get excited at all. This made it even better for me
because in my mind a slave shouldn't like it. I was just lucky it
turned me on. When I had to quit because I was so horny I just
had to get fucked I ended up having to suck his dick a little to
get him hard so I could wrap my legs around his waist and fuck
him while he hung from the ropes.
    We both got off on that but he bitched about his chafed
wrists from the rope so I had to promise the pussy I would pad
his wrists with cloth the next time. 
    "I don't care if you wrap them in cashmere. I am not going to
let you tie me again. Also you hit me harder and longer than I
did."
    "Don't be a wuss! Look at yourself you don't even have a
welt. I'll bet all the pain is gone too. If I can't tie you we
won't be playing this game any more."
    "Well I still feel hot but if it is that important to you I
guess I can stand it."
    Since he told me he didn't like to be tied I kept him tied
the rest of the night with his wrists tied behind his back or to
his thighs. The more he hated it the greater it was for me. The
only time he got hard from whipping is when I folded up the
thongs in my palm so just about four inches was hanging out the
pulled out his dick and whipped it lightly. It was just great!
For several days afterward I could get horny just thinking about
it.
    We played all summer devising ways to torture and humiliate
each other without leaving any marks since we spent so much time
in swimming suits.
    That fall Mother dropped a bombshell on us.She had read an
article in one of her stupid women's magazine that said private
schools were bad for us as we had no concept of the real world
and we should go to a public high school. My Dad, the wimp, went
along with her. We hated the idea of not graduating with our
friends since Lance was a junior and I was a sophomore.
    We hated the curriculum. We were used to just being taught
what was necessary to get high S.A.T. scores so we could get into
the college of our choice. This school taught a bunch of extra
stuff we couldn't care less about. The other thing that pissed us
off was our old friends asking us if our folks couldn't afford to
keep us in private school any longer. Shit! My dad could buy and
sell most of those bastards and we ended up ignoring them.
    The good part was we were kind of celebrities at this school.
No-one was impressed  with money at the private school but some
of these kids were really impressed. They really enjoyed riding
around in our convertibles and constantly complimented us on our
clothes.
    One girl really intrigued me. She was really pretty with a
great figure. She wore these hopeless clothes and really needed a
decent hair-do and to be taught how to use makeup. She was really
mousey and obviously had no idea how pretty she was. Her name,
Shirley, was even blah.I checked on her and was told by one of
the girls that her father had left and her mother was on welfare.
She referred to her as white trash which pissed me off since if
that girl's dad lost his shitty job for two weeks she would be on
welfare too.
    Just for kicks I decided to give her a taste of the good
life. I told her my Mother had given me two coupons for the
beauty parlor and asked her if she wanted to go with me. She
jumped at the chance. I got a kick out of her watching the
sidewalks on the way there to see if anyone noticed her in the
fancy car. 
    At the salon we got the full treatment. We had a steam bath,
a full body massage with warm scented oil, a hair do, a manicure
and a pedicure. She loved every minute of it and really looked
good. It seemed a shame when she had to take off the beautiful
soft bathrobe they had given her to put her raggy clothes back
on. I decided to take her to our place and give her some of my
old clothes. When she took off her clothes I saw she was wearing
a cheap bra from K-Mart and some baggy panties so I gave her one
of my strapless bra's and some bikini panties. I gave her one of
my low cut sweaters and a short skirt. She was so happy she spent
several minutes turning and posing in front of my three way
mirror.
    On the way home she couldn't stop gushing about how grateful
she was for everything I had done for her I was getting a little
tired of it when she said some magic words.
    "Oh Heather. You have been wonderful to me. I am so grateful
I would do anything for you."
    I decided to test that statement. I remembered Mother and Dad
were going to be gone to San Francisco for her bi-weekly shopping
tour so decided that could be a great opportunity.
    "Shirley.. Would you like to come to our place for the
weekend? Do you like to swim? We have an indoor pool."
    "Oh yes I would love to stay over. I'll have to ask Mom but I
am sure she will let me stay with you."
    That was an understatement. They lived in a hovel. Her Mother
came out half-gassed with a bottle of wine in her hand. She was
impressed as well and was more than happy to see her daughter
have some fun. It was even better when I saw the brand on her
wine bottle and told her My Mom had received a case of it for a
present but she didn't like it. I told her I would bring it to
her when I picked up Shirley. That was such a lie! My Mother
would never have any of that cheap wine in her house. I had great
fake  ID so I brought a case with me on friday afternoon. I think
her Mother would have sold Shirley to me for that case.
    I had briefed Lance on what he should do and say. When we got
home he was sitting on the couch drinking a beer and watching a
football game on our large screen TV. Shirley was even impressed
by it! I told Lance That we were going to try on some clothes and
then we would go swimming.
    I left the door open a crack so Lance could see when Shirley
was down to her panties and bra. At that point he walked in with
a tray of drinks. Shirley yipped and put her arm over her breasts
and her hand over her pussy and kind of hunkered down. I ignored
that and said,
    "Oh Lance, I am glad you are here. We need a boy's opinion on
our clothes."
    Then I looked at Shirley and said, "Why are you in that funny
position."
    "Oh Heather I am embarrassed. I am almost naked! Does he have
to be here?"
    "Of course. I want his opinion. You have nothing to be
embarrassed about. You have a lovely body and your pants and bra
are the same as a bathing suit."
    "Not my bathing suit. It is a one piece that covers all of
me."
    "You are being ridiculous. Now stand up straight and put your
arms by your sides. We have a lot of clothes to try on to see
what you want to have."
    "I can't! I am just too bashful."
    "Well if you are all that bashful you won't like the bathing
suit I have for you so I might as well take you home."
    "Oh please Don't take me home. Mom will be drunk on all that
wine you gave her and she will be mad at me for not pleasing
you."
    "Well then do as I say."
    The little bitch turned her back to us and dropped her hands
to her sides. It didn't do her any good since she was in front of
my three way mirror but it still pissed me off so I thought I
would add a little humiliation.
    "You aren't wearing those panties correctly they should be
like this." As I said that I pulled the narrow band at her ass in
between her ass-cheeks so the cheeks were totally bare. "Now
remember that!" I went ahead of schedule a little by giving her a
slap on her butt hard enough to leave a hand print in red on her
snowy white ass-cheek. I was glad to hear her only protest was,
"Oh that stung! I'll remember!" 
    "See that you do. I have to teach you everything about
fashion. If you don't pay attention you will get more."
    At that point Lance handed her a drink. I recognized one of
his bombers. It was made with chocolate liquor, cream and vodka
it tasted good but would really get to her. 
    I put a bunch of different clothes on her to give her a
chance to get used to taking off clothes and putting them on in
front of Lance. When she became more relaxed I told Lance to get
us another drink and then brought out a really low cut cocktail
dress. It was made of silk with a very short skirt. I walked up
behind her and unsnapped her bra saying, You won't need this, the
dress has a built-in bra" She gasped when I flipped it off her
but since Lance was not there she didn't protest. She had really
great breasts. They were so big I was surprised there was no sag.
    "You have beautiful breasts! If I had them I would be naked
at every opportunity."
    She actually blushed! "Do you really think so? I have been
embarrassed about them. Don't you think they are too big?"
    "God no. They are great." She blushed again when I went to
her to lift and fondle them. but as I continued to compliment her
she relaxed her hands which were tightened into fists as she kept
her arms to the sides. I put on the dress for her just before
Lance came in with the drinks. She gulped hers down and then
giggled when Lance said it really made her look beautiful. She
made several poses in front of the mirror then said. " Do you
really like me? No-one has ever said I was beautiful before."
    I could believe that considering her plain jane look until
the salon made all those improvements. We continued to gush over
her and that and the second bomber made her relax and really get
into posing. I was surprised when she put her hands behind her
back and bent over exposing most of her boobs to us. Lance
chortled, "That is a great pose. It would turn on a monk."
    She blushed and giggled but I noticed she wagged her shoulder
a minute to make her boobs move before she straightened up.
    Lance looked thoughtful then said, "The only thing wrong is
that her panty lines show up." 
    I looked at her then said, " We can fix that." I reached
under the skirt and jerked the panties down then smoothed the
skirt over her ass and said, "See isn't that better, Shirley?"
    She turned slowly in front of the mirror to see the new
effect. "Yes it does look better this way but I feel so naked. I
even wear panties to bed."
    "Jesus! There you go with the naked bit again. You should get
used to it, you look beautiful naked. Besides it makes you a
little excited doesn't it?"
    "Yes it does a little but that just makes me feel guilty."
    "You have nothing to feel guilty about. Let's try on some
bathing suits." As I said this I unzipped the back of her dress. 
    She clutched the dress to her with her arms and blushed again
saying quaveringly, "Does Lance have to be here?"
    "Yes of course. You need to build your self-confidence. It
will help you to be appreciated. Now raise your arms so I can get
this off." I could have just as well pulled it down but I was
sure Lance would appreciate the pose."
    "Oh no! I couldn't."
    "You are being naughty and disobedient. What did your parents
do to punish you when you were disobedient?"
    " They would spank me. If Dad got really mad at me he would
spank my bare bottom and legs with a belt. Once he spanked my
stomach too. It was terrible!"
    The excitement in her eyes and face made a liar out of her.
    "Am I going to have to spank you?"
    She just gulped and slowly raised her hands over her head. It
didn't even seem to occur to her that she had a third choice of
just refusing to accept either the spanking or being exposed.
    To make it more fun for Lance I raised the dress over her
head very slowly exposing her body inch by inch. By the time it
was off she was panting with excitement.  She immediately covered
her breasts and pussy with her hands but when I said sharply,
"Shirley!" she dropped them to her sides. I let her stand there
naked and blushing while I sorted through my bathing suits.
    She was really relieved when she had on a suit no matter how
tiny. and would pose for us. The minute it was taken off she
froze in position to resume blushing and looking agonized.
Finally I caught her putting her hand in front of her pussy
again. "Jesus! You just don't know what is good for you. This
will help." I used the belt off my bathrobe to tie her hands
behind her back. This seemed to add to her agitation at first but
she resigned herself to it. I finally put my tiniest suit on her.
It was just a g-string with a two inch elastic band to cover her
nipples.
    "Oh this is too much. Where could I wear a suit like this?"
    "At private pools or at Rio of course. All of us girls have
them."
    "Really. All of you? I guess it wouldn't be so bad if
everyone was wearing them. I think I am so embarrassed now
because I am so naked while you both have all your clothes on."
    That was the whole idea of course, but I made her feel better
when I said we would join her when we went swimming.
    I thought Lance may be going too far when he said, "The only
thing wrong with that suit is all the crotch hair hanging out
around the bottom. That is kind of gross."
    I decided to go along with it and said, Yes you are right. It
definitely needs trimming. Go get the clippers and razor."
    "Oh no. That would make me even more naked!"
    "Everybody does it. See?" I lifted my skirt and pulled down
my panties to show her my bald pussy."
    She was surprised I would do that in front of Lance.
    "How can you do that with your own brother watching?"
    "Oh shit! I am tired of your hang-up on nudity. We have been
running around naked since we were tiny. No-one wears a bathing
suit in our pool." This wasn't entirely true. Our parents and
their friends wore suits. Our friends didn't when our folks were
out of town.
    Lance returned with the dog clippers and an electric razor. I
put her on my bed with her butt on a pillow. I left on her bottom
to let her think we would just trim around it. Then I said,
    "We can't have you moving around you might get cut."
    I tied robe belts to her ankles then Lance and I pulled on
the belts to pull her legs apart very wide and tied them to the
bed posts. When she sat up I added another belt to her neck and
tied it to the headboard. It was really fun! Her whole body was
blushing and she began breathing in little pants as her
excitement grew. As soon as she was tied down I cut the strings
to her bottom. We took our time shaving her, first clipping off
the long hair with the dog clippers and then shaving with the
electric razor. We knew the vibration would get to her especially
since I was holding the throbbing handle of the clippers against
her clit while Lance finished shaving. She really came funny. She
made a bunch of "Yip" sounds and then let out a deep sigh and
fell back completely limp.
    She laid there breathing deeply for awhile and then began
fighting her bonds. " What happened to me. I have never felt like
that before! I thought I was going to faint.What have you done to
me."
    "You just came silly. You had an orgasm."
    "Oh no I couldn't have. You aren't supposed to have those
till you have sex with your husband. Mom told me so. She said if
I had sex before marriage it would be painful but if I was
married I could have orgasms. This wasn't even sex I must be a
slut and pervert. Dad would whip me till I bled if he was here."
    She began to cry. I couldn't believe this! "My god have you
spent your life in a cave? Haven't you ever played with your
pussy till you came? You must be at least sixteen."
    I began to feel sorry for the naive little bitch and started
to explain that it was perfectly normal when Lance stopped me.
    "Shirley.. You feel really guilty about this don't you?"
    "Yes. Horribly guilty" she sniffled.
    "What makes you feel better when you are guilty? 
    She sniveled, "I guess when I have been forgiven for it." 
    "Yes," he purred. " And how do you get forgiven?"
    God I had to admire his brilliance as I saw where this was
going. She thought about it for a few seconds then said as if she
had come to a brilliant insight. "Oh yes. I always feel good
after I have been punished  and they hug and kiss me and say they
forgive me."
    "I see.. And do you think we should punish you with a
spanking, or a whip?"
    I was impressed with him again. He didn't give her a choice
of punishment or no punishment, he just gave her a choice of
instruments.
    "Well... I guess Dad would want to whip me. Don't you think
so? Would that make you forgive me?"
    "I am sure it would. Don't you think it would, Heather?
    "Yes I suppose it would if it was hard enough. And if it
happens again she could be punished again so she never needs to
feel guilty." Lance frowned at me as if I had gone too far but
she chirped,
    "Oh yes! You guys could keep me in line! Now that Dad is gone
Mom doesn't pay much attention to me. Untie me and I will turn
over so I can be whipped."
    I started toward the ropes but Lance stopped me. "Let's think
about this Shirley. Did your butt do anything to earn punishment?
What felt strange or good when you came?"
    Jesus! This was exciting! He was actually going to get the
dumb bitch to ask to have her pussy whipped.
    "Gee.. I don't know exactly. My cunny, my stomach, and even
my breasts felt  strange."
    "All that needs to be punished doesn't it?"
    "Oh.. I guess so. That will hurt awful won't it?"
    "It needs to hurt awful doesn't it?"
    "Oh yes. Sure. If it didn't hurt I couldn't expect to be
forgiven could I?"
    "No And we want to be sure you are forgiven because we don't
want you to feel guilty. I'll get some belts."
    He came back with four belts and said, "Since you are
cooperating you may choose your belts."
    He had just brought four of his thickest belts so there was
really no choice but color."
    He took them one at a time and slid them down her body over
her breasts, stomach and pussy. You could tell by her raggy
breathing she was getting excited.
    She moaned,"Thank you for letting me choose but both of you
can whip me now with any of them if you want."
    Boy did we want! I started out easy on her breasts while he
started at her thighs. Every time we passed each other we
increased the speed of our whips until her body was red from mid-
thigh to her neck. I knew the gradual increase would excite her
and it did. She began to pant and her body tremored as her
nipples lengthened and I could see moisture forming around her
vagina. We began to get creative. I concentrated  on making the
tip hit one nipple after another while Lance began bringing his
belt up between her legs to make her cuntlips squirm on contact.
We must have given her fifty lashes when she began to cry, "I'm
sorry I won't do it anymore! Please stop."
    We did the forgiveness bit up brown. We kissed and hugged her
then lovingly put on salve to stop the heat and pain telling her
all the time what a brave girl she was and how she had paid for
all her sins.
    Lance was not quite through. When she stood up he said." You
aren't embarrassed any more about being nude are you?"
    "No not really. I guess it is because I feel proud you think
I am pretty."
    "Not just pretty, you are beautiful. Come over to me."
    When she was very close to him he reached out and began to
fondle her breasts and tweak her nipples. "See how nice it is to
be nude. Doesn't this feel nice?" 
    "Oh yes." she said shakily
    "And your cunny is so soft and pretty since we shaved it.
Feel it and see how nice it is." He was stroking her cunt as he
said this. I got a chuckle out of him using her childish word for
her twat. She stroked it and said, Oh yes it does feel soft and
smooth. Do you really think it is pretty?" I was getting a little
sick of her begging for compliments but he went along with it.
"It is beautiful. God would not have made it so pretty if he
wanted it hidden." I thought that was a nice touch having God's
approval. She said "Yes, you must be right. God didn't put
clothes on us. People did." 
    I grinned at the thought that God must have hated her pussy
considering all the hair we had to take off of it.    
    She was happy and smiling when I took off my clothes and led
her down to the pool. We slipped into the pool while Lance went
to make us some more drinks. After she had gushed for awhile
about how beautiful our pool was and how great the water felt she
said in a low voice, "Heather... Don't tell anyone but at first
the whipping was very exciting. It was a good thing you guys
started hitting harder or I might have had another orgasm." Yeah
right! I couldn't wait to tell Lance what she said.
    She went on quietly, "Do you think Lance will take off his
clothes? I have never seen a nude boy. Will it embarrass him if I
look at his thing?"
    I had to laugh out loud at that.I said between chuckles. "No
I don't think he will mind. He is pretty proud of his 'thing'."
    I could tell she was disappointed when Lance came in with a
tray of drinks with a towel around his waist. After he put the
tray down he whipped off the towel and dived into the water
before she could see anything. He swam a couple of laps and then
went to the shallow end to wipe the water out of his eyes. His
dick was still under water so I yelled, "Hey Lance. Shirley wants
to see your 'thing.' Is it okay?"
    Shirley blushed, "Oh Heather! You are embarrassing me!"  I
noticed she made good time through the water though when Lance
answered, "Sure! Come over close Shirley. It is pretty small."
    When she was close in front of him he pulled himself out of
the pool to sit on the edge with his dick right at her eye level.
    She giggled and said, "It is kind of cute. It isn't like
animal things at all is it?"
    "Well maybe like a donkey."
    I choked with laughter. "Yeah right Lance! Just like a
donkey."
    They ignored me so I went over closer to them in time to hear
Lance say, "You can touch it if you want."
    "Oh it is so soft and smooth." then a minute later she pulled
back her hand saying, "It is growing! What is happening?"
    I could not believe this! "My god that is natural. Blood is
being pumped into it because you are getting him excited. Haven't
you had any sex ed or talked about boys with other girls?"
    "No. Mom had me excused from sex ed. She said I would get
wrong ideas and I avoid that slutty talk."
    "Well it is time you learned. Just keep stroking it and
watch."
    "Oh it is growing and getting hard. Look, veins are standing
out on it. Does it hurt you Lance?"
    " Your hands are causing a lot of friction. Why don't you use
your mouth?"
    "Oh no, you pee out of it."
    "It is not a wick damnit! The pee just comes out of the
little hole in the end. You won't taste any pee. Just do it."
    She obeyed Lance's demand but when he got close to climax he
jerked on the back of her head which made her gag and jerk away.
I knew Lance was getting frustrated so I said, "Here let me show
you."
    I caught all his cum in my throat and mouth so Shirley was
confused. 
    "What happened? Did you bite him? He made an awful face as if
he was in pain."
    "No he just climaxed like you did. Watch his dick now. She
stared fascinated as it softened and shrunk."
    I thought I would do Lance a favor and said, "Whenever his
dick gets hard like that someone has to suck it or put it in
their vagina or it will begin to hurt him terribly."
    "Really? Will it fit in my little vagina?"
    "Of course it will! Vagina's stretch. Don't you know babies
come out of them?"
    "Yes but Mom said it hurt terribly to have me."
    "Well Lance has a lot of growing to do to get his dick as big
as a baby's head but to be on the safe side you should offer to
put it in your vagina as soon as it gets hard before it gets too
big."
    I had a hard time keeping from laughing when her eyes got big
and she said, "Oh I see what you mean. I'll watch it and offer to
suck it or put it in my vagina before it grows too much."
    I couldn't help giggling as I thought of her imagining seeing
Lance's dick growing like a balloon.
    She got suspicious at my giggle and said, "Why are you
giggling."
    I told her that I got tickled whenever I thought about how
great it felt to have a dick inside me. She bought it and sneaked
a look at Lance's soft dick.
    I brought over the drink tray and we drank a couple while
Lance was recovering. Then he chugged the rest of his drink and
jumped into the water and lifted Shirley by the waist to sit her
on the edge of the pool. He grinned at her and said, "That works
on girls too." He stuck his tongue in her pussy and she jumped as
if she had been shocked with a cattle prod then slowly laid back
on the floor and spread her legs. I had never seen a girl get off
so fast before. She was almost as quick as some of the boys I had
fucked. In just a few moments she was tugging on his head and
panting like a freight train. She finally did her funny "Yips!"
slumped and let go of his head. Lance and I watched curiously as
her breathing slowed and her legs slowly came back together.
    Suddenly she began to cry. "Oh I had another orgasm. Do I
have to be punished again?"
    I looked at Lance hopefully but he said, "I don't think so. I
think the whipping you had would be enough for two orgasms."
    I swear she was disappointed and later on I was sure of it.
She was really enjoying her new found sexuality. It seemed every
time I looked at her she was either fondling her pussy or a
nipple. Lance put on some slow music and started dancing with
her. It was easy to see rubbing her nipples against his chest and
her pussy against his dick was really turning her on. I was
watching closely to see if she would drop the innocent act and
ask him to fuck her or go down on her. Lance went to the stereo
to change tapes and I watched her out of the corner of my eye to
see her deliberately drop her glass on the floor. 
    She immediately cried, "Oh I am so clumsy. I spilled my drink
I may have ruined your floor. I should be spanked!" She had
spilled the drink on our hardwood floor which would be easy to
clean up and I was sure she knew it. I jumped in before Lance
could let her off again.
    "You certainly should! That is a very expensive floor."
    When Lance started to say something I shut him up. "Lance you
just stay out of this. This is between us girls. We always have
to clean up the messes." This was a crock. Maids came in every
day but weekends to clean the entire house.
    "Speaking of that, pick up the glass and lick up the drink
with your tongue." I could see Lance was enjoying her
submissiveness as much as I when she got on her hands and knees
and licked up every drop. I had her dry the floor with her tits.
when she was done she looked up at me and said, "If this is clean
enough I am ready for my spanking."
    "Alright I think twenty on your butt and forty on your front
would be fair."
    "Yes I guess I deserve that."
    "Alright. Say  I am sorry. Please give me twenty lashes to my
butt and forty to my front."
    She put her head down and mumbled. "Louder damnit!"
    "I AM SORRY. PLEASE GIVE ME TWENTY HARD LASHES TO MY BOTTOM
AND FORTY TO MY FRONT!"
    "Alright go up to my bedroom and bring back the whip that is
in my top drawer."
    Lance had bought the whip to use on me but the skinny braided
lashes scared me even after he had soaked it in olive oil to
soften it and he never got the chance.
    She revealed her excitement by trotting up the steps. If she
hated the idea she would have been dragging her ass. She came
back hugging the whip to her tits. She handed it to me and said,
    " This looks like it may hurt more than the belt.Do you want
to tie me up for it so I won't try to get out of the way?"
    I wanted to prove to Lance that in spite of all her crying
she wanted to be whipped so I said, "No that won't be necessary.
You know you deserve the pain and you should be brave. If we have
to tie you we will be angry and hit harder. Just lean over the
back of the couch."
    She amazed me! I really laid them in hard and each thong left
a red line but in spite of her cries and sobbing she never tried
to move out of position. I kept building her excitement for the
next phase by stroking her red butt and letting the ends of my
fingers push into her pussy to feel that it was really wet. 
    I had her climb up on the couch and push her wide-spread toes
in between the cushions and the back and then had Lance come to
the back so she could hold on to his arms. She leaned her head
back and he was kissing her when I brought the first lash in just
above her pussy. Her body just trembled and she didn't even break
the kiss. She kept on kissing him while I worked up her stomach
and onto her boobs. She didn't break off kissing and scream till
I began lashing across her nipples. Then I started on her pussy
which increased the intensity of her screams. I watched
incredulously when she spread her knees further apart and tilted
her pelvis to give me greater access. I think I gave her about
forty four lashes when she slumped and I knew she got off."
    When her cries turned to hiccough's Lance said, "Wow. That
was some payoff for a spilled drink."
    Shirley answered, "It is okay Lance. I deserved it. I feel
better now. Thank you for whipping me, Heather."
    "Okay. Come here and give me a kiss. She got up and hugged
her red swollen tits against me and kissed me on the mouth. "No
not on my mouth. You know where I want to be kissed. She smiled
shyly and then slid down my body to put kisses all over my pussy.
    "No not that way. Use your tongue!"
    I didn't realize the whipping had turned me on so much. She
had me in orgasm in no time and I had to weakly slip down to the
floor. Lance came over with a raging hard-on. I said between
pants, "Look what you did to Lance. Take care of him."
    She twirled on her knees and started sliding his dick in and
out of her compressed lips. When he hit the back of her throat
she would gag but come right back. She swallowed every drop when
he dropped his load in her mouth."
    When we had rested for a minute Lance offered to get the
salve but she refused. "No let it keep hurting it will remind me
to be good. That was a crock! she was squeezing and pinching her
red skin to keep the excitement."
    By that time we were all exhausted so we cuddled together in
Lance's kingsize bed.
    The next morning Shirley and I were awakened by Lances Deep
snores. Shirley giggled and then offered to make us coffee. I
told her to bring them up to my room.
    I laid some clothes out on my bed and used some Post-ems to
put price tags on them.
    When she came I went over to her and began to inspect her
body. I spent a lot of time doing it because it was fun to have
her stand there blushing while I pulled the skin around on her
private parts. "Wow. You really heal up fast. There are only a
few small bruises on your tits and pussy. That is amazing
especially since we didn't put any salve on them."
    "Yes I guess I am lucky that way. Once My Dad whipped me so
hard with a switch my bottom had huge welts on it but by the next
day there were just red lines."
    "Really, tell me about it."
    "I guess I deserved it. I was about thirteen and I was going
swimming with the kids in the neighborhood. My Mom got a bathing
suit out of Goodwill that was real old fashioned. It covered me
almost to my neck and had a little skirt. A boy I knew just hated
my suit and he stole a bikini for me. I was wearing it in my room
trying to see all of me in my little mirror when my Dad came in.
He got real upset and called me a slut that wanted to parade
around in public naked. He had me bend over and hold on to the
back of a chair while he pulled the suit up into the crack of my
bottom and began to whip me with a willow switch. The switch was
real limber because it was willow and they had me keep it in a
pipe full of water to keep it wet. When he hit my thighs it would
bend around and leave a welt all around it. It hurt so bad I
couldn't stand it so I turned around. I knew it was a mistake
because the rule was if I moved out of position I would get even
more lashes but I thought it would be worth it just to get a
small delay. Instead of letting me stand there while he yelled at
me an then having me bend over again he said, 'Oh I see. You
would rather be whipped on your front. Well you won't move out of
position again.' He used one of my belts to tie my wrists behind
me to the bedpost. Then he began at my thighs and worked up. It
was a good thing I had the bottom on because he hit my crotch a
lot and it hurt bad even with the protection. When he hit across
my belly button I screamed and pulled on my arms. The catch at
the back of my top broke and the top fell off! My boobies weren't
as big then but he welted every inch of them and then quit and
ran out of the room. I had to stand there with my poor welted
boobies bare for quite awhile till he came back in and untied me
and made me thank him for the whipping. You know now that I look
back on it and know how Lance reacts to my whipping I think he
just got too excited to whip me anymore. He seemed disappointed
when I brought him the suit and told him to burn it as I never
wanted to see it again. It was a good thing I had the old suit or
I wouldn't have been able to go swimming for several days till
the welts went away."
    God her story got me so excited I had to calm down a little
before I could talk.
    "I don't think you mind getting whipped very much. You had
another orgasm when I whipped you didn't you?"
    She blushed and said, "It is different when you and Lance
whip me. I really hated it when Dad did it. It made me ashamed of
myself."
    "I think you were ashamed because deep down you liked it. You
didn't answer me. Did you cum or not?" 
    She blushed again and admitted it. "Yes it was glorious! I
never had an orgasm till you guys." She thought for a minute then
continued. "Does it ruin it for you that I don't mind being
punished. Maybe it is that little whip. You can use a switch if
you want. It hurts a lot more."
    God this was fantastic. I could hardly wait to tell Lance.
    "No it doesn't ruin it for me. I know if I really want to
punish you I can whip your upper back and shoulders. I know that
doesn't turn me on at all."
    "Oh you mean you like to be whipped too. That is wonderful I
thought I was crazy. I worried all night."
    "Well I can't take them as hard as you. Look on the bed, I
laid out some clothes for you. If you are going to be with Lance
and me you will need better clothes."
    She picked up a soft wool mini-dress and held it against her
while twirling in front of the mirror. "Oh this is beautiful. But
I have seen this at Nordstroms. How can I afford to pay you for
it."
    "It isn't so bad. Look at the price I put on it."
    She looked at the tag and said, "I can't believe this is only
thirty dollars. Maybe I can get a job!"
    "That isn't thirty dollars. It is thirty lashes."
    "Oooh I can earn them by being whipped. I'll take them all!"
    No way! I wanted to spread this out. "No you can just earn
one per day. Also we have to train you to walk and use proper
etiquette if you are going to parties with us. We don't want you
to embarrass us."
    "Oh really. You mean those fancy parties? I will really try.
I learn fast. Honest!"
    "I have a way to help you learn fast. Every time you make a
mistake you will get a demerit earning you five lashes."
    She agreed quickly thinking she would get a lot of orgasms.
She was in for a surprise. I knew it took a lot of lashes to get
her off and I planned to just give her five at a time as she made
mistakes so she would get the pain without the relief of an
orgasm."
    "Fine we can start right now. First of all you slouch. From
now on you will stand up straight and keep your stomach sucked
in. You also must walk with your toes straight ahead and get used
to high heeled shoes."
    I was a little disappointed because she did learn fast. She
walked around the house with perfect posture in the five inch
heels. I had an inspiration. " We have a willow tree. Let's go
out and pick out a switch."
    "What should I wear outside?"
    "Just the heels. The place is fenced with a gate. No-one can
come in without calling the house to have us open the gate." This
wasn't completely true all our cars had remote controls to open
the gate but I knew Mother and Dad would not be home until
tuesday.
    When we got outside she said, "Oooh I feel so naked! I can
feel every little breeze on my body."
    "Yes. It is kind of exciting isn't it."
    I caressed my breasts not so excited by the breeze on my
naked body as the fact I was getting her to go willingly to get a
switch she knew would hurt more than our little whip.
    She looked at me and said, "Oh you too. You should try it
after your boobies and cunny have been whipped. It makes them
real sensitive."
    She heard a plane fly over us and looked up in alarm. This
made her stumble over a lump in the lawn. 
    I said, "That is one demerit."
    She didn't seem to notice. "Do you think the people in the
plane saw us? That kind of excites me. Once I stole a pair of
earrings and got caught. The manager and two security guards took
me into a back room and made me take off my clothes so they could
search me to see if I had stolen any thing else. When I was naked
they stuck their fingers in my pussy and ass-hole looking for any
small item. I was blushing but it was terribly exciting. They
kept me there for about a half-hour till the manager said they
would give me a break and let me go."
    God she was naive. She could have sued that store for a mint.
I told her so.
    "Oh no. I couldn't let anyone else know about it. My dad
would have killed me. Besides that I liked it. In fact about a
week later I went into the store and told the manager I felt
terribly guilty about trying to steal from him and deserved a
spanking. He had me take off my clothes and lay over his lap
while he spanked me with his hand. It was terribly exciting and I
might have had an orgasm but one of the employees called him on
the phone with some problem and he had to leave. I never went
back because I realized the employee could have come back to the
room instead of calling."
    By that time we had reached the willow tree so I handed her
the cleaver I had taken from the kitchen so she could cut a
switch. She cut one about five feet long while saying, "This is
like the one Dad used." On the way back to the house she stumbled
again since she was concentrating on taking the branches and
leaves off the switch. When I said, "Two," she revealed she heard
me on the first demerit. "Gee, I have only been up and hour and I
already have ten lashes coming. By tonight I will owe a million."
    I laughed and said "I doubt you will fuck up that much. Maybe
only nine hundred thousand."
    When we went into the house we found Lance drinking coffee
and digging in the refrigerator for snacks. He put a bunch of
cheeses, meats, and bread on the table. I explained our education
program to him including that the punishment would be immediate
and that whoever caught her mistake would be the one who punished
her. Shirley whined, "You mean I can't save them up and take them
all at once? What if I do good. Can I get credits?"
    Lance said, "Yeah that's fair if you pass a test you can get
a credit for five lashes." I gave him a dirty look but I didn't
want to argue the point since I was sure she would fail most of
the tests."
    "Well you failed the high heel test. Stand up for your
demerits." I had her stand there facing me with her legs wide
apart because I wanted to see if the switch worked as she had
said. I am going to give you five on each thigh. Are you ready?"
    She clenched her fists by her sides and nodded. It was just
as she had said, that limber switch applied to the inside of her
thigh made a complete circle around her leg leaving a red welt
kind of like one left by a tight garter. By the time I was done
she had ten red lines round her thighs with the top ones just
below her pussy."
    Lance looked shocked. "Wow. That switch really marks her bad.
Why aren't you using the whip?" Shirley answered for me with
tears brimming in her eyes, "Because it has to hurt bad if I am
going to learn fast."
    Lance went on, "Those heels make your legs look great. Walk
around for me. Great, walk faster." He was really loving this.
Walking fast in those heels was making her ass and tits shudder
like crazy. Then he had an inspiration. "Let's test your poise,
put this book on your head and balance it there while you walk
around. He issued commands like a drill sergeant. "Forward march.
Left turn. Right turn. Halt. She finally got confused, stumbled
and the book fell from her head.
    Lance grinned and stood up to pick up the switch. "This
switch is really flexible. I guess I'll whip your butt the hard
way. Stand up straight with your legs together and hold on to
your tits."
    He got by her side and hit her right at the pussy hair if she
had any and the switch came around and buried itself in her ass-
cheeks. At each lash she convulsively gripped her tits. When on
the last lash the tip dug into the crack of her ass I thought she
was going to squeeze her tits so hard they would pop.            
    She stood there a moment whimpering as I marveled at the fact
she had stood stoically while getting red line across the top of
her pussy lips.
He had her turn around so he could see her ass. The tip had
picked up speed as it curled around. He was shocked.Three of the
whiplashes were oozing blood.
    "Jesus! Why didn't you scream? On the next one I will just
use the whip."
    "Not me! I'll tell you what though I will just use the whip
when you earn your clothes."
    Lance asked curiously. "What are you talking about?"
    "Oh yes, you weren't there. Shirley wants to buy some of my
clothes at five dollars per lash."
    "Considering all you spend on clothes she is really going to
be red as a beet."
     Lance had her put the book back on her head but after she
had walked around about five minutes without dropping it. I lost
interest since I had another idea. I went into the dining room
and laid out a complete dinner setting with every eating utensil
from lobster forks to steak knives and every type of glass and
plate. In a few minutes they came in to the room.
Lance seemed impressed. "She passed with flying colors. Even when
I gave her forward march and about face real close together. I
gave her a five lash credit.
    "Well that is great I am proud of you Shirley, but you just
lost your credit. Your stomach isn't sucked in." She had relaxed
with her triumph but she didn't argue she just sucked it back in
and stood up very straight.
    "I thought that if we took her to the young adult dinner at
the country club she should know how to use all the utensils.
Here is a list starting at your left on everything. Do you
understand?" She picked up the fork furthest to her left and said
    "Is this the shrimp fork." When I nodded, "Then this must be
a sherry glass." 
    "Yes you have the idea. Go ahead and study for a minute."
    Lance looked worried. "Heather help me cut up some fruit for
lunch in the kitchen. Shirley you can study."
    When we were in the kitchen Lance went to the fruit
refrigerator and started pulling out fruit as he said."Are you
fucking nuts? We can't take her to the country club. She won't
know how to act and her vocabulary and grammar sucks. We will
look like fools."
    I was glad to hear this. I was afraid he was beginning to
like her and would want to go easy on her. "Come on lighten up!
We have a whole month to train her. She will take all the
punishment we want to give her for a chance to go to that dinner.
You don't give a damn about those ass-holes anyway and we can
introduce her as a friend from Eastern Washington. Even the rich
out there are bumpkins."
    "Yeah you might be right. She told me she had never been to a
quote' Dress-up party' unquote in her life. She will probably
work her ass off." He laughed, "Or get it whipped off."
    "Well we had better get back in there. I don't want to give
her too much time to study."
    I guess we spent too much time in the kitchen she only made
three mistakes. We made her assume poses for her lashes although
she begged to be tied and told her if she got out of the pose she
would get five more. On her first mistake I followed Lances lead
and whipped her butt so the end would come around to hit her
pussy. On her second mistake Lance had her bend over and hold her
hands on her head while he whipped the tops of her tits and made
them bounce. I caught her last mistake and had her squeeze her
tits till they were hard balls and then gave two lashes with the
very end of the switch to each nipple and then one hard one
across both nipples. By this time she was gulping and sobbing so
we gave her a five lash credit and went in to eat fruit. We took
away the credit when she took too large a bite of watermelon and
juice escaped from her mouth and rolled down her chin.
    When we were done I suggested we go upstairs so she could
pick out her clothes. I watched her closely when she got up. But
she had her tummy sucked in when it came into sight.
    It seemed like she took forever agonizing over her decision
on the clothes while we sipped on the drinks Lance had made.
Finally she said, " It is so hard to decide. They are all so
beautiful.I want the cock-tail dress but I won't need it till the
party. I guess what I need right now is school clothes."
    She picked out a cashmere sweater and a matching skirt for
thirty five lashes. I wanted her to take more for what I had in
mind. "I'll make an exception and let you pick out a blouse so
you will have another change. She thanked me profusely and picked
out a blouse worth another ten lashes. I told her she would need
underwear so she picked out a bra and panties for eight more.  
    "Fifty three lashes are a lot since they will all be on your
front. Maybe you would like Lance to fuck you while you are
getting them to take your mind off it."
    She seemed stunned but not at the thought of taking all the
lashes on the front.
    " Oh no! I just couldn't. Mama said no-one would ever marry
me if I wasn't a virgin."
    Lance was incredulous. "You have got to be kidding. Let me
see."  She gulped when he stuck his finger in her pussy and felt
around. "If she is a virgin she was born without a hymen. I have
fucked virgins and I know what a cherry is."
    "Oh that must have happened when they searched me. I remember
it hurt and there was a little blood."
    Lance looked at me and said, "What the hell is she talking
about?"
    I filled him in on the shoplifting bit and he laughed.
    "I'll be damned. No wonder they don't have trouble getting
security guards at those shit wages. Any way since you don't have
a hymen no-one is ever going to believe you are virgin so we
might as well fuck."
    "I guess you are right. Your 'thing' is so big. Will it hurt
me?"
    "No baby you are going to love it. You just have to get it
good and wet with your spit so I will be nice and slick to slide
in."
    While she was licking and sucking on his dick I tied rope to
the headboard and put a pillow on the footboard of my bed. Then I
told Lance to get her off his dick before he came before he even
got in her.
    When her ass was on the pillow and her wrists were tied to
the headboard to stretch her out Lance began to fuck her. I
waited till she was excited enough to wrap her legs around his
ass and then began to whip her. When I had covered her breasts
and stomach with welts I told Lance to lean back and began to
bring the end of the switch as close to her clit as I could. She
was grinding furiously then she screamed and passed out still
owing me four lashes. 
    I was so horny I pulled Lance away from her. Since his dick
was softening I pulled his head in my pussy to lick and suck
until I came so hard I almost passed out with her.
    She was still out of it when we recovered enough to look at
her. Lance looked worried. "Jesus. Is she going to be alright?
    "Sure, listen to her moan. She is coming out of it already."
    "You are really getting good with that switch. You were only
missing my dick by about an inch. If you had hit it I would be
whipping your clit for an hour."
    "Bullshit. you could only hit it the same amount of times I
hit your dick. We had better get some salve on her some of those
welts are bleeding."
    We were on the second application when she looked at us and
said weakly, "Oh wow! I thought I had died."
    "Hey I am sorry I hit you so hard. I didn't mean to have the
pain so bad you would pass out."
    "It wasn't the pain it was the orgasms. I didn't even feel
the switch. I felt like I was exploding inside! You can whip me
all you want with anything as long as you will fuck me."
    "Well you had better rest for awhile."
    We kissed her and tucked her into bed. In a few minutes she
was asleep.
    We were pretty beat too so we made drinks and flopped on the
couch to watch the new bondage video Lance had received in the
mail. Generally it was pretty lame. Neither one of us were turned
on just by tying girls up in odd positions and the whips were
really phoney. They barely turned the skin pink even after
several lashes. There were a few scenes that had possibilities if
real.
    We both liked it when he had a girl get on her knees and told
her to beg him to whip her. We also liked the part where they had
her hanging upside down sucking his dick while another girl
whipped her pussy by bringing the lash between her wide-spread
legs from behind her. Even with that phoney whip the girl jumped
when the end hit her clit.
    The bit I liked the best was when he had her sit on a block
covered with tacks then lean back and hold her outer labia apart
while he whipped the inner labia and her clit. The tacks were
obviously made of rubber because you could see them bend when she
moved her ass around and he was just tapping her clit but With
real tacks and with harder lashes it would be great. Especially
since she had to help. Lance was most turned on by the end when
the guy asked the girl if she loved him enough to do anything for
him. when she said she would he lit two cigarettes and held them
in front of her nipples then told her to put her arms around his
shoulders and kiss him. She did a pretty good acting job. She
screamed in his mouth while she pushed her breasts into his
hands.
    That was the end so Lance turned it off and said. "We have
the girl. What we need is a dungeon. It would make it a lot
scarier for our slave."
    "That shouldn't be too hard. There is bound to be a house
around here somewhere that is isolated and has a basement."
    "Yeah! I'll get a real estate company to start looking for
one.The idea is making me horny again. How about a 69."
    That sounded good to me. After we came we went upstairs,
climbed into bed with Shirley and slept like logs.
    The next morning when I woke up Shirley was gone so I woke
Lance so we could look for her.
    We found her in the kitchen making breakfast. It was a
regular Sunday brunch with ham, bacon, scrambled eggs, waffles
and fresh fruit. She was juicing oranges when we came in. She
rushed over to pour us some coffee wearing an apron that covered
her whole front. I asked, "Why are you wearing clothes? We didn't
tell you to put on clothes. You know we want you to get used to
being naked."
    "Oh I'm sorry. I am used to being naked. Honest! I was just
afraid some grease might spatter on me. I'll take it off. I am
really sorry, you can punish me if you want to."
    "Maybe later. Right now I am starved and this looks great." 
    She took off the apron and began to pour our juice and put
food on our plates. I was amazed at her recuperative powers. All
those nasty welts I had put on her had faded to red lines. She
was very chipper and I noticed she was wearing the high-heeled
shoes and had become used to them enough to move around
gracefully. Lance must have noticed too because when we had
finished eating and was sipping coffee he said,
    "Shirley, you move very gracefully. Do you know how to dance?
    "Oh thank you.I haven't had any training but I dance along
with the movies on TV. I love them. I must have seen 'All that
Jazz,' and 'Chorus Line' over twenty times. One of my girl
friends had a VCR and I used to rent musicals and we would play
them over and over till we could do all the routines."
    "I have an idea. Let's make a romantic musical. Go upstairs
and put on Heather's sexiest underwear and cocktail dress. I'll
get the camcorder ready."
    When she left Lance explained, "I am going to have her do a
strip tease for us then have her beg to be whipped."
    "That is alright but she will go further. Have her hold her
pussy open while you whip it. If she gets hot enough I'll bet she
will go for the cigarette bit."
    "What the hell. I'll go for it. If she doesn't want to we
will have an excuse to whip her for disobedience."
    She came down in a few minutes. She had made a good choice
the short skirt on the dress had a pleated skirt to allow full
leg movement and had several buttons on the front so she could
take them loose one by one to slowly reveal her upper body. Lance
explained the scenario.
    "Great you look just beautiful. What we want you to do is a
strip tease. Have you ever seen one?"
    "Well I saw the one in the movie "9 1/2 Weeks." Would that be
alright. I danced with her on that." She blushed and added, "I
didn't take off my clothes though."
    " Good I even have that tape. Heather, cue it up while I
explain the rest."
    I got up and started going through our C.D.'s  while I
listened to him in the background.
    "I want you to take off your clothes slow and sexy while you
are dancing. When the music stops I want you to come over to me
and get on your knees and say, 'I love you. Please whip me so I
can prove my love.' Can you remember that?"
    "Yes, but I haven't done anything wrong."
    "I know you haven't done anything wrong. I want you to want
to be whipped just because I want to and you know it will get me
excited."
    " Oh yes. If you get excited enough will you make love to
me?"
    "That is up to you. If you are really good I will fuck you
and Heather will lick your pussy."
    She looked at me slyly and said, "I really do love you, both
of you. I will do anything for you if you love me."
    I planned to talk to Lance about volunteering me for things
without checking with me first. But, in this case, if she
followed orders I would lick that sweet pussy till she passed out
again." 
    She did a really good job on the dance. She had natural
grace. I had to take dance and ballet for years to develop that
much grace in movements. When the dance was over she finished
with a slow split that made her pussy open up then crawled over
to Lance got onto her knees and made her lines even better.
    "I love you. Let me prove my love. Please whip me. Whip me as
hard and as long as you want."
    If you really love me you will want you whipping on your most
sensitive place. Your cunny."
    "Oh that will hurt awful but I guess it has to. You know I
don't mind being whipped on other places."
    "Yes and I want you to help. You will hold your cunny lips
open so I can hit your most sensitive places"
    "Oh I don't know if I can do that. Will you hate me if I
can't?"
    "No I won't hate you but I will be real disappointed at your
lack of courage."
    "Oh. I'll try real hard to be brave."
    We didn't have the pin block so I took a cushion off the
couch and put it behind her. I wanted her pussy high so he could
get to all of it. She put her ass on it and leaned back. She
spread her outer labia as told. Lance was really enjoying her
submission. He made it last by telling her to spread her legs
even wider and to pull the lips even further apart till the skin
was stretched and you could see clear inside her.
    At the first lash with the end of his belt she screamed and
snapped her legs shut. Before Lance could say anything she ran
her fingers over her pussy with her middle finger inside then
slowly opened them again with tears coming out of the outer
corners of her eyes. Her finger was wet.
    We didn't need the cushion. By the fourth or fifth lash she
lifted her ass up from the cushion to thrust her pussy towards
his belt. Just as she was about to go crazy I lit two cigarettes
and held them out to Lance. He stopped whipping her and pulled
her up on her feet. She looked dazed. 
    Lance took the cigarettes from me and stuck both of them in
his mouth to puff on them till they had long coals while he
watched her pulsating body then he said quietly.
    "You really do love me don't you?"
    She panted, "Oh yes! so much!"
    He lowered the cigarettes to be even with her nipples and
said, "Then put your arms around me and kiss me."
    Her eyes widened in fear put she put her hands behind his
neck and moved forward till the cigarettes were almost brushing
her nipples. Then she sighed and slowly pushed her nipples into
the cigarettes until his hands were buried in her tits while
giving him a deep kiss. She held the kiss for a long time while
her body trembled violently. then moved her head back far enough
to say, "Oh they burn! They are burning up!"
    Lance said he would get the salve but she said, "No! No! Just
fuck me. Fuck me hard."
    He put her ass back on the cushion. She was so wet his dick
made a "Slurping" sound when he buried himself into her. I got
down on my hands and knees and began licking and kissing her
burned nipples. And when Lance came I jumped between her legs and
kept her orgasms going till she completely relaxed.
    She said dreamily, "Oh that was so wonderful. Thank you.
Thank you so much."
    This girl was fan, fucking,tastic. We had whipped her pussy
to a froth and burned her nipples and she was thanking us for it.
Lance had gone for the salve that I knew would kill the pain in
seconds while I was eating her so he began putting it on her
nipples while she stretched like a cat. I swear if she could have
she would have purred."
    Lance thought the cool water of the pool would help her so he
took her to it while I made screwdrivers with double vodka. When
I got back to them she was kissing his soft dick with her hands
squeezing the cheeks of his ass." I joined them and kissed the
back of her neck and her ears while I rubbed my pussy against her
great ass. She said, "Oh poor Heather, you didn't get to cum."
    That wasn't even close to true. I had jerked off all the time
she was whipped, burnt, and while I was eating her. I had cum
over and over. I said lovingly, "That is alright Darling. I am
just happy you could."
    "Oh no. That isn't fair. Get out of the pool."
    As soon as I stood there by the side of the pool she got on
her knees and began to lap at my pussy and suck on my clit. My
knees got weak so Lance went behind me and put his arms around me
to hold me up by my tits. It was just glorious. After I came we
laid by the pool and gently stroked each others pussy till Lance
said, "Let's go look at our movie."
    We made fresh drinks. Shirley and I sat on the couch while
Lance rewound the tape. I couldn't resist touching the small
blisters that were forming on her nipples. "Doesn't that hurt
terribly?" She stroked the other one and said ,"No not really. It
is a kind of tingling pain I can live with. It must be that
salve. I wonder what is in it?" I didn't know so I asked Lance to
look on the bottle. It had a bunch of things but the only thing I
recognized was codeine. "It doesn't matter, the main thing is it
worked. It hurt so bad I couldn't describe it when I pushed my
nipples into those cigarettes. It took all my nerve to push into
them. Are you proud of me?" Naturally  we said we were and I
added, "Nothing we could come up with could hurt you as bad as
you hurt yourself." This seemed to shock her. "Oh gosh. You are
right I did do it to myself. Lance didn't push them into me. I
did. I must be crazy." I certainly didn't want her running down
to see a headshrinker so I quickly replied. "No you aren't crazy.
You were just excited. It is natural for anyone that excited to
want even more." She looked doubtful, "Would you do it?" I had no
choice but to lie. "Well of course I would as long as I was
excited enough. I would have to be very close to orgasm"
She brightened up immediately, "Oh good! I am not crazy I was
just at the edge. In fact I came while I was kissing him!"
    I thought to myself that she must get fantastically excited.
I could lose the edge just by having the phone ring. Setting my
nips on fire would have had me climbing the walls to get away. I
began to feel a little jealous of her.
    Lance moved us aside so he could sit between us. After
pushing "Play" on the remote control he dropped his hands down to
our crotches and began playing with our pussies. Shirley and I
had to giggle when our hands touched and we realized we had both
reached for his dick at the same time.
    I had been busy operating the camcorder and didn't realize
until I saw her on the big screen that her improvised dance was
so good and so sexy. As usual she fished for compliments.
    "Oh I don't look nearly as clumsy as I felt while doing it.
Do I look alright?" We complimented her and at least I really
meant it as she went into her sensuous strip. She was grinning
and bubbling over with happiness till we got to a part I thought
was very sexy. She was so limber she removed her panties by
putting her thumbs in the sides and slowly bending over till she
let go of them at her ankles. All the way down she kept her head
up with a sultry look on her face to keep her boobs in sight at
all times. On the way back up she slid her hands along her inner
thighs and when she got to her pussy she hooked her thumbs in the
pussy lips while she spread her legs to pull her cunt into an
oval hole. Her eyes widened and she yipped, " Oh no! I don't
remember doing that. That is so terrible and slutty." From that
point on we got a running commentary on how terrible she was. She
hated it when she spread her legs and walked down the wall with
her hands to get to a full back bend with her hips pumping her
wide open snatch. She couldn't believe all the times she had one
hand or another working her pussy but the ultimate was when Lance
whipped her pussy. 
    "Oh God, I am a complete whore! Look at me, I am trying to
fuck his whip! I would just die if anyone saw this."
    As a joke I giggled and said, "I don't think we will give it
to your mother until her birthday." It was no joke to her!
    "Oh God no! You couldn't she would kill me!  Once we were
downtown and the wind blew up to show my panties. Some boys were
on the corner and they whistled and yelled. Instead of being
mortified the way I should have, I giggled. She was so mad by the
time we got home she whipped my butt with a piece of barbed wire
till it was so torn up I couldn't go to school for three days. I
can't even imagine what she would do if she saw this."
    Oh shit! this was perfect! I could hardly keep a straight
face when I said sternly, "Don't worry as long as you are
obedient we will never give it to her."
    "Oh I will be obedient. I'll do anything you want. I would do
it anyway. I would rather have you kill me than her."
    Good why don't you start by making us some more screwdrivers.
Squeeze some more oranges."
    I wanted her to be away for awhile so I could talk to Lance.
    "Jesus, this is going to be great. We had a slave before but
now we have a complete slave. Do you know what this means? We can
satisfy any fantasy we ever had or have no matter how gross or
painful to her it may be. Do you have any favorite fantasies?"
    "Yeah I have thought a lot about fist-fucking a girl but her
pussy is really tight around my dick. I doubt I could get my fist
in her."
    "Come on! Get real! She is going to be squirting babies out
of that hole. Your fist will be a breeze."
    "Yeah sure. I guess it hurts a lot to have a baby but a
baby's head is a lot bigger than my fist."
    "Her barbed wire story turned me on but we don't have any.
Wait a minute! We have something close. I'll be right back."
    I went out to the rose garden and put on the gloves and
picked up the clippers we kept there. I looked around and finally
found a branch about three feet long with a couple of roses on
the top. They were waiting for me when I came back so I clipped
off the two roses and stuck them in her hair over her ears.
"There you go, pretty roses for a pretty girl." She grinned and
chortled.She was really easy to please. I dropped the branch to
the floor and told her to go get the dog collar and leash hanging
on the coat rack by the front door.
    When she got back I had her get on her hands and knees while
I buckled the collar around her neck. I led her around the room
while saying "Come on doggy. That's a good doggy. Isn't this a
cute doggy, Lance?" Instead of being humiliated the way she
should the dumb bitch was getting a kick out of it. She began to 
yip and bark for chrissakes. It pissed me off so I said, "It is
too long since I had an orgasm." I laid on my back and used the
leash to pull her mouth down to my pussy. While she was happily
lapping her face off I said, "Lance don't you want to fuck our
cute little doggy?" He did and began thrusting from the back
pushing her head deeper into my crotch. When I could tell by his
agonized  expression that he had cum. I raised my arm and began
to pump my fist in the air. He caught on and later told me he put
his fingers in her one at a time and then finally put his thumb
in his palm and shoved in his hand. As soon as his knuckles were
in he closed his hand into a fist. Evidentally this was when she
really noticed. She lifted her head and screamed, "What is
happening! My pussy is tearing!" I just told her to shut up and
that she was all right." Now get back to my pussy and suck on my
clit! I am about to cum."
    Lances fist was going like a triphammer when she just fell
over on her side panting like crazy."
    I was pretty tired myself so we took a break and had some
drinks while we talked.  Shirley said, "What happened, Lance?
Your peter just got huge. I was afraid you were going to tear out
my cunny." 
    "That wasn't my dick! It was my fist and my wrist. Doing that
has been one of my sex fantasies."
    She looked shocked. "Really!" Then she giggled, "I guess I
really have become a loose woman." I laughed with her then said,
    "Shirley, what kind of sex fantasies do you have?
    "Well until I met you guys I just had romantic ones where
some handsome boy carried me away to a pretty house on a hill. I
guess I don't have too much imagination. I have just been
extending my experience at the store. In my fantasy I am taken to
the jail where all the police and convicts stick their fingers in
me and then they all take turns whipping me while I am hanging
from the ceiling with weights on my feet to really stretch my
body."
    "That's it? When do you cum?"
    "While they are whipping me, silly. Don't you cum when you
are whipped?"
    "Oh yeah. I just like to be fucked and sucked too."
    "Oh sure I do too. It feels real nice but you can't get the
real orgasms with skyrockets without pain can you? Lance, is it
the same with boys?"
    "Not with this boy. I don't like pain at all unless I am
providing it."
    "Gee I guess girls are a lot different than boys. My girl
friend Janie told me she got off on pain even if her step-father
or uncle did it. I didn't know what she meant by getting off till
I met you guys."
    She smiled at me so I smiled back and said, "I would like to
meet Janie, she sounds just like us."
    "Oh sure I am sure she would like to meet you too. But she
doesn't get to get out much. Her Folks think the school is sinful
so they teach her at home. She only gets out during the day to
run. Her dad said he wants to keep her in good shape."
     I could believe that easily enough since he and his brother
were stripping her clothes off her and whipping her. 
    All this talk was making me horny again so I said"It is my
turn to fist-fuck you. You can suck Lances dick while I am doing
it."
    Once she had her mouth working on Lance's prick I began to
work my fist into her pussy. When it was good and wet I took it
out and started pushing it into her ass-hole. I had to push and
twist my fist as hard as I could till it finally popped through
her anal ring. Then I stuck my other fist in her pussy and began
to pump them both. It was fun to watch her get turned on but it
wasn't enough! She took her head off his dick just long enough to
scream, "More! I need more! Pinch my nipples!"  Lance evidentally 
pinched them hard enough. She screamed "AHHHRG," and then went
back to bobbing her head up and down on his dong. Poor Lance she
kept sucking on it long after he came and it was soft. He
grimaced when she worked on the head. Finally she fell over
panting with shock tremors going through her body while sweat
poured off her tits. I had to have Lance help me spread her legs
so I could get my hand out of her ass. It was really gross. It
was covered with her shit and blood. I could hardly wait to get
to a sink to wash it off."
    When I got back Lance had his back to the couch and she was
lying against his chest drinking white wine out of a bottle he
was holding for her. When he moved the bottle from her lips to
his she smiled at me and said, "Thank you. That was a whole new
way to get an orgasm." 
    "Well don't hold your breath till you get another like it. I
don't want to get my hand all shitty again and I am sure Lance
doesn't want a shitty dick. Now lets get something to eat I am
starving."
    We went to the kitchen and pulled out a couple of pizza's to
throw in the oven. Lance opened some beer for us to drink. while
we waited for them to cook Shirley looked at me shyly and said,
    "Heather..Maybe if you washed me out with some enemas it
would be clean enough for Lance to fuck it. Would you like to
whip my titties While he fucks me. You can whip them as hard as
you want with whatever you want."
    "Do you want to be butt-fucked that bad?"
    "Oh yes. Lance said he would put his fingers in my pussy
while he was doing it and if you whip my boobs my whole body will
be involved."  She was getting excited just thinking about it.
    I didn't know who elected me boss but I was enjoying it.
"Well okay. We don't have an enema bag but there is a gas can and
siphon hose in the garage. Lance, why don't you get it and empty
out the gas in my car." I wasn't lying about the enema bag but I
had a douche bag that would have worked just as well. I wanted
something that held a lot of water.
    I teased her by eating slowly and sipping my beer. She had
wolfed hers down and was so antsy she jumped up to get two more
beers to chug down before I said I was ready.
    While Lance filled the five gallon can with hot water I glued
my douche nozzle to the end of the hose with instant super glue.
I had shopped for that douche nozzle. It was about as big as a
king size cucumber. I used it for jerking off more than I ever
used it to douche.
    We took her to the bathroom and put her in the tub then Lance
hooked the handle of the gas can over the shower curtain rod and
stuck in the hose.
    I had her get on her hands and knees and lower her head to
the floor then I jammed the nozzle in her ass while she moaned,
squirmed and whined. Lance loosened the clip to release the
water. This turned out to be more fun than I thought it would be.
She began to sweat profusely as the hot water filled her guts and
then her stomach began to distend. When the pressure in her guts
matched the pressure in the hose she looked about six months
pregnant. I let her lay there sweating like mad with the skin of
her stomach tight as a drum till she whined she couldn't hold it
any more. I let her crawl over to the toilet then I lifted the
seat and had her sit on the edge of the porcelain so I could see
better. When I let her pull out the nozzle shitty water just
poured out of her. You could watch her stomach go back to normal.
While she sat there Lance refilled the can. I had her take two
more before the water was absolutely clean.
    Since what I had in mind for her was going to be pretty rough
I decided to give her a break and let her pick out some more
clothes to let her set the amount. She ran into the bedroom and
began to move quickly from item to item. She decided on the
cocktail dress.
    "I don't think so Shirley, Eighty lashes are too much to take
just on your tits."
    She looked a little disappointed. "Yes.. I guess you are
right. How about this?"
    She held up a dress and some matching panties worth forty
two."
    "Hey, If you can take that many. I can sure give them to
you."
    She got a kind of sick, excited look on her face and squeezed
her breasts. "Yes I think I can take it. If I pass out before I
take them all you can give me the rest later."
    "Yeah, sure." If she passed out I would lie my ass off on the
amount she still owed.
    We went back down stairs and tied her in an "X" shape between
the posts. While Lance was rubbing his dick to get it super hard
I showed her the rose branch.
    "We need to puncture the blisters on your nipples so we can
disinfect them. With this we can kill two birds with one stone."
    She looked at it with genuine alarm. I was sure she was
having flashbacks to the barbed wire. Finally she whined, "I
don't think I can stand that much pain."
    "Of course you can. You don't have a choice. You said I could
use whatever I wanted and this is what I want."
    She was about to answer when Lance jammed his dick in her ass
while I whipped the top of her tits. We made all kinds of noise.
My branch made a "Whit" sound, His body hitting her sweaty ass
was making a "Splat" sound while she was screaming and moaning as
the thorns tore into her nipples. I didn't count the lashes but
when her tits got really bloody I quit. To my astonishment she
screamed, "No, don't stop! Whip my cunt!"
    This bitch was beginning to piss me off. What the hell could
I do to hurt her. I hit her snatch so hard a lot of the thorns
tore off the branch and were stuck in the skin. She was bleeding
from just below her navel clear to her ass-hole the whole width
of her vee but she just kept pumping till her head fell forward
in a dead faint.         
    When Lance came around to the front he was shocked at her
appearance.
    "Jesus, Heather! You have really gone too far this time. When
she comes to she will split out of here and we will never see her
again. We will be lucky if she doesn't go to the cops."
    "Oh relax. It isn't nearly as bad as it looks. Wait till we
clean her up. The cops will never get involved as long as we
don't hurt her so bad she has to go to a hospital."
     We carried her over to the pool area and washed off the
blood. Once the blood was gone it really didn't look too bad. She
had hundreds of little punctures from the thorns but the branch
had not left bad welts and we could see some of the redness
fading already. 
    He began spreading salve on her crotch while I put it on her
breasts being careful not to get any on her nipples. He finished
before I did and watched me curiously. 
    "Why aren't you putting any on her nipples? They will be
super sore. There is still a little pus coming out of the
blisters you broke."
    "We have to disinfect them silly. We don't want them to get
infected. Go get the 'Merthiolate'."
    "Shit! That stuff burns like hell. Why don't you use iodine?
It will do the same thing and won't hurt as bad."
    "Look I know what I am doing. You know I have read all those
books on anatomy and medicine. Trust me."
    I knew he would go along with me. I had been fascinated with
anatomy and medicine sine I had a tonsil operation when I was
ten. When a doctor in town died I bought his entire medical
library and read it avidly. Especially the books on surgical
procedures. When I was twelve I anesthetized our dog and cut out
two feet of his intestine and sewed the ends back together. He
recovered nicely but when I proudly told Mother about it she got
all upset and took away my surgical instruments. I thought that
was totally unfair and asked her how I could become a doctor if I
couldn't practice. She just told me I could go to school like
everybody else. when I found out you had to go to school for
twelve years I decided that would be a waste of time and searched
the house every time she left till I found my instruments up in
the attic. I still studied the books and when I found out that
pigs had almost the same internal organs as humans I began buying
piglets to operate on. I was successful except for lung and heart
transplants but I blamed that on my lack of sophisticated
equipment. Lance was proud of me because so many of my "patients"
lived and became my assistant. I wanted her awake before Lance
came back and suggested we put on the Merthiolate while she was
still unconscious so I began slapping her face with a wet towel
till she began to moan and opened her eyes.
    When he got back she was feeling her body  and smiling.
    "Oh my body isn't hurt bad at all. I thought it would be all
torn up since it hurt so much."
    "It wouldn't have hurt so much if you had not begged for
more."
    "I know! I am not blaming you! I am just happy I am alright."
    Lance looked at us and shook his head in disbelief then
handed me the Merthiolate.
    I said, Your nipples may get infected since the blisters have
broken so I will put some Merthiolate on them."
    "Oh that really burns. I know because I used to get blisters
on my heels because my shoes didn't fit right. Mom would pop the
blisters and put that stuff on them. It really burned but it was
good for me since they healed up fast." She thought a minute then
continued. "Mom had to have Dad hold my leg because I would try
to get away when she put it on. This might hurt worse. Maybe you
should tie me down."
    "Yes it would be easier to put it on if you weren't moving
around."
    We put her on the kitchen table and tied her arms and legs to
it. Then Lance made several wraps of rope around her stomach and
the table. When we told her to try to move the only thing mobile
was her head.
    I used the little glass dauber to put it on. I could have got
it over in a few seconds by just dabbing with a cotton ball but
it was more fun to make it last. She screamed and howled at first
but by the time I had used up the bottle she was just moaning and
sobbing.
    When we untied her she sat up on the table and pulled me to
her by my shoulders to kiss me. Then she said, "Thank you for
taking care of me."  I almost giggled when I saw Lance behind her
mouthing silently "Do you believe this!"
    I pulled her head next to mine and grinned at Lance while I
said, "You know how I like to be thanked."
     As she dropped to her knees she said "Oh yes." and drove her
tongue into my slit. This made Lance horny so he sat on the table
and stuck his prong in my mouth. We came simultaneously but since
I jerked back at climax his cum blew out on my tits.
    I looked down at the white slime and said, "Jesus Lance. You
came all over my tits."
    Shirley said, "I'll clean you!" and proceeded to lick up
every drop. By then we really needed a drink so I sent Shirley to
the bar to make them. When she was out of sight Lance said, "Well
you were right Sis. You obviously know this bitch better than I
do. She is totally unreal! You tear up her body with thorns, burn
her nips with Merthiolate and the crazy broad thanks you."
    "Yeah, well I have more news. She told me she has a
girlfriend who gets off on whipping too. Better yet we can have
her."
    Lance looked doubtful. "God I don't know if I could handle
that. She is keeping me drained all by herself."
    "That is the whole point you ninny. Shirley can't get off
enough. With another girl we can have them do each other while we
watch and rest up."
    "Oh yeah! Have you seen this girl?"
    "No, but Shirley says she is pretty."
    At that point Shirley came back with the drinks. Lance and I
were both fucked out so I taped cotton balls to her nipples so
they wouldn't rub raw again on her dress and took her home.
    We slept so soundly we were almost late for school. Lance
called a multiple list real estate office and told them what we
were looking for. At noon he told me excitedly that the man told
him he had found just what we were looking for and would meet us
after school to look at it.
    The place was about twelve miles out of town. The real estate
man bored us silly with stories about the people on ranches on
the way to the place. Finally we got to a big gate blocking a
gravel road, The forest on both sides of the gate had signs
saying. "No hunting or trespassing. Violators will be prosecuted.
After he opened the gate he told us that the road was essentially
our private road. The owners of the place we were going to had
sold the land around their farm to Weyerhauser Timber but they
had found spotted owls on it so Weyerhauser couldn't log it. Then
he told us the "sad" story. The original owner had homesteaded
the place and had made a fair living raising vegetables. When his
son inherited it he decided the deer, Elk, etc were eating too
many veggies so he spent a fortune fencing the whole place with
an eight foot high electrified fence to keep them out. This and
buying a bunch of un-needed equipment and remodeling the house
had broke him. Because of this we could buy the place cheap from
the bank that had foreclosed on it.
    When he opened the gate at the driveway to the ranch he
warned us not to touch the fence. He had accidentally touched it
on his first inspection and his arm had been numb the rest of the
day.
    About ten blocks later we saw the house. It was not very big
but seemed sound. There was also a big barn and  about twenty
acres of land. That really excited Lance because he was taking
flying lessons. Dad was a big believer in any kind of education
or skill training. He had told Lance that he would buy him an
airplane if he got his licence so he could fly Mom around to go
shopping. "Heather! If we got the place I could put in an
airstrip and I could park the plane in the barn." I was
skeptical. The more I saw the more expensive this place was
looking to me. What sold me was when he showed us the basement.
The owners had used it for cool storage for veggies. It had a
nine foot ceiling with gobs of open beams to hang things from and
solid concrete walls with no windows. The real estate man
explained that it could easily be heated by opening the ducts to
it from the furnace and the big wooden door at the north end
could be replaced by windows if we wanted to convert it to a rec-
room. I wanted to make a rec-room alright but it would be nothing
like what he had in mind. I was already placing hooks, winches,
stretching racks and pillories in my mind. I asked the question I
feared would kill my daydream. "How much would this cost."
    "Well the bank is asking seventy five 'K' but I know there is
only sixty owed on it. If you offered sixty I am sure they would
go for it. They haven't had any offers for almost a year. Most
people don't like this much isolation. It is ten miles to the
nearest grocery store. Kids would have a long walk to the school
bus stop."
    That was no problem. Lance and I got bonds for every birthday
and Christmas from dad and other relatives. We could come up with
thirty 'K' each just by selling a few of them. I told him to make
the offer. The next day we got good news and bad news. The good
news was the bank had gone for it. The bad news was that since we
were under eighteen we needed Dad's approval. We dreaded asking
but to our surprise he was delighted. " I am glad to see you are
interested in investing in real estate. You are chips off the old
block." Then he went on to tell us the stories for about the
twentieth time, how he had made a killing on a couple of real
estate deals. It was no time to remind him that he had bought
some land he had paid taxes on for years that had not
appreciated. He was even more delighted when Lance told him he
was going to put in an airstrip. "Good idea Son! You won't have
to pay those greedy bastards hangar rent. I bet you could build
condos around it and sell them to other pilots." God forbid. We
would have to go shopping again. I replied, " Great idea Dad! of
course that would have to be down the line. It would have to be
rezoned." He came back, "Oh of course. All real estate deals take
time. You have to hold them long enough to make them qualify as
capital gain or the fucking IRS will take most of your profit."
    We bagged our afternoon classes to close the deal. Shirley
was disappointed she could not go along but we did not want her
to see the place till we were ready for her. We stopped at one of
Dad's ranches to borrow power saws and all kinds of tools then
loaded two pick-ups with wood and hardware. Thank god Lance had
taken wood-shop to avoid a class that involved study. We worked
like beavers every afternoon and night after school. By friday he
and I had built a rack to stretch someone with a boat winch,
pillories, an X shaped device to tie someone to, saw horses
secured to the floor to bend someone over for spankings, our
block full of tacks to sit her down on, and an entire table full
of tacks. We got so horny thinking of Shirley squirming around on
the tacks face down while we whipped her ass and back
 we had to stop for a quick fuck. Lance found a splintery fence
post split in a V shape so he put legs on it so we could seat her
on it while we whipped her. I tested it and there was no way I
could stand to have my full weight driving that sharp, splintery
wedge into my beaver. Of course we put hooks all over on the
ceiling, walls and floor to tie her.
    Lance said that he only had to make one more solo cross-
country flight to qualify for his pilots license so he planned to
fly to San Francisco to shop directly for other goodies at a
place that advertised all kinds of whips and torture devices in a
catalogue. I decided Shirley should have one more treat before we
really put the heat on her so I talked Lance into taking us
along, He resisted at first because legally he couldn't take
passengers but he finally decided he could meet us at a small
strip where his instructor could not see us get in and could land
at a small field near San Francisco that would not be likely to
have any F.A.A. people on it. Her mother borrowed a hundred
dollars from me to help pay the rent so of course she had no
objections to Shirley going with us. She said something I really
did not pay attention to at the time. "I trust you to take care
of my little girl. She is better off with you than me."  
    I hadn't really been interested in flying but I found out it
was fun especially when Lance let me control it. I decided I
would take lessons too. At the field  Lance rented a van and I
rented a convertible then we went our separate ways planning to
meet at the hotel I had reserved later that night.
    Shirley had a blast shopping. I bought her one really nice
dress since I knew Lance would want to go to a fancy restaurant,
then spent the rest of the time at sleazy shops that must have
catered to whores. Shirley had taste for shit. Her favorite
things were a satin Mini-dress, a super short vinyl skirt, and a
sequinned half-shirt that barely covered the bottoms of her tits.
She really had gotten used to being naked. When a man came into
the dressing room to hand her yet another transparent blouse she
took it from him stark naked without blinking an eye even though
he was staring at her shaved pussy.
    My feet were getting tired and I was getting bored with all
her gushes over the clothes so we went to the hotel. I had her
give me a massage and then go down on me. I ordered some
champagne from room service then we took a shower together so she
could wash my back. I had her wash my pussy and ass-hole then
taste it to make sure it was clean. Just as she was drying me off
the bellhop arrived with the champagne. It was fun watching his
eyes pop while I signed the tab stark naked. Naturally he didn't
ask for I.D.
    We were lying on the bed sipping the champagne and fondling
each others pussies when Lance came in. He got an instant hard-on
seeing us so he laid on his back so shirley could sit on his dick
while I sat on his face. After that we needed a shower again
since the shower was big enough for all of us we washed each
other then Lance put on a suit while Shirley and I got dressed.
Shirley was disappointed I would not let her wear one of her
whore outfits since she thought she was so cute in them but she
was satisfied when Lance complimented the dress I had picked out.
    While she was in the bathroom Lance told me the place he had
gone to was a regular department store of erotica. "It is a good
thing I brought the Cherokee six. Anything smaller would not have
been able to take the weight of all the stuff I bought. Look at
this. The man at the shop demonstrated it for me on his wife or
girlfriend. It doesn't make any noise at all but if the way she
jumped and tried to scream through her gag is any sign. This
thing really hurts. It is just a spring steel wire with a rubber
coating. I also bought this gag. Isn't it a gas?" He showed me a
short, thick rubber dick with straps and a buckle to tighten
behind her head.
 I had been wondering how we could punish her in this crowded
hotel. Lance had the answer.
    We still had an hour to kill so we ordered drinks. I had to
grin at the bellhops look of disappointment when he saw I was
clothed.
    "Lance.. Since this is going to be a seven course meal it may
be a good time to see if Shirley is ready to go to our country
club without embarrassment."
    "Good idea. Shall we use the same demerit system?"
    "Well yes. But since there is a good chance we may be
embarrassed by her I think we should go to ten lashes per demerit
to make her try harder. Don't you agree Shirley?"
    "Oh yes. If I am embarrass you I should be punished a lot. I
will do my best not to be a problem. I guess I will have to pay
all the demerits tonight."
    " I am sure she thought this was a plus. We fed her another
couple of strong drinks. I thought if she was a little tipsy she
might get careless."
    We watched her very carefully at dinner. We let her take the
first bite of every course. She made her first mistake when she
used a spoon rather than a fork to eat her shrimp cocktail. She
made another when she ate her soup by bring the spoon toward her
rather than away. She got two demerits when she dropped her fork
on the floor and picked it up exposing her tits instead of
waiting for the waiter to replace it. For the rest of the meal
she did very well. We finally gave her a demerit for talking too
loudly when she gushed over the meal. 
     On the way back to the hotel she apologized for embarrassing
us and thanked us for the great meal and gushed over the beauty
of the restaurant and the wonderful way the waiters and busboys
took care of us till I finally told her to shut up so Lance and I
could decide how she was going to pay off the demerits.
    "Oh. You aren't going to make me pay till we get home will
you? Someone may hear! I will try not to yell but sometimes I
can't help it."
    "Don't worry about it. We have that covered. Now just shut
up. Lance, since we don't have anything to tie her with I think
she should just come to us in turn and assume any position we
like. Since giving her ten at a time would force one of us to
give her more lashes than the other I think we should just give
them to her five at a time."
    Shirley broke in as she must have realized there would be no
way she could get a climax with just five and a delay in between.
    "I feel really guilty for embarrassing you guys in that fancy
restaurant. I hope no-one you knew was there. I would be willing
to take sixty instead of fifty to make it come out even"
    I acted as if I was doing her a favor. "Well alright if you
want that. Just don't forget you asked for it."
    Back at the hotel we had her strip while we kept our clothes
on since I knew she was more humiliated when she was the only one
naked. The dildo gag filled her mouth so completely she could
only breathe through her nose and I saw her body shudder
occasionally when it hit her uvula and made her gag. I handed her
the whip and told her to try it out on her thigh since we had
never used one like it. She hit herself fairly hard on the front
of her thigh. Her eyes widened in shock at the amount of pain she
had caused and the dark red line running down her thigh.
    We left her standing in the middle of the room inspecting and
bending the whip while we went to a corner to flip a coin to see
which of us would be first. I whispered to him. "I don't want her
to get off. After every series of ten, stroke the part you hit
and tell her you will soothe it till she calms down."
    Lance won the toss and had her bend over and hold on to her
knees while he placed evenly spaced lines on the lower part of
her ass and upper thighs. She was panting heavily through her
nose in excitement so Lance stroked her for quite awhile till she
began breathing normally. 
    I had her put her hands on her ass and lean back as much as
she could while I striped her upper thighs and her mons pubis. I
also stroked her but kept my hands away from her pussy.
    Lance liked that position so he had her assume it again while
he striped her stomach.
    When she came back to hand the whip to me I told her to put
her hands behind her neck and push out her tits.
    She shook her head frantically which proved just how vicious
this whip was.
    "I said, "If you shake your head 'No.' again all ten will go
to your nipples!"
    Tears began flowing from her eyes but she put her hands
behind her neck. I had her push out more and more till her
muscles were trembling from the tension and then quickly laid ten
stripes across her tits with one right across both nips. I was
afraid she would get off if I stroked her sore tits so I just
patted her on the back and said, "There, there baby. I know that
hurt. I am proud of you for staying in position. When she finally
calmed down I gave her the whip and she walked shakily over to
Lance.
    He had her turn her back to me then got on his knees so I
could see everything. He hit her vertically on the outside
portion of her left cheek and thigh, then the right cheek and
thigh working toward the middle till the last three went between
her cheeks and hit her anus and the lower part of her cunt. He
fucked up! She was definitely in orgasm and fell to her hands and
knees letting her head sink to the floor as he continued her
orgasms by stroking her inflamed pussy. I decided that it was too
late to worry about it so let him keep stroking her till she
finally rolled over on to her side and closed her legs with a
look of pure bliss on her face.
    That had ruined it for me so when she finally got up and came
over to me with the whip I told her I thought she had enough for
one night and I would give her the last ten when we got home.  I
took out her gag so she could thank me over and over then offer
to go down on me for being so nice to her. I was ready for that
so I had her take off my clothes and laid back in an easy chair
while she tongued my clit and toyed with my nipples. This got to
Lance so he fucked her from behind while she was eating me.
    After we had all cum we were tired so we got into the bed
with Shirley in between. She began prattling while she toyed with
my pussy with her left hand and Lances limp dick with her right.
    "Oooh that whip hurt worse than anything you have used
before. I took it without being tied up. Aren't you proud of me?"
    We both mumbled about how proud we were and how brave she was
then I told her we were tired and wanted to go to sleep. This
didn't bother her, she just moved her hands to her pussy and
nipples and we had to listen to her pant and make funny little
"Yip" sounds till she brought herself off and went to sleep.
    The next morning she wanted to wear one of the new outfits
she had picked out. I didn't want her to wear it because I wanted
to go to brunch and it made her look like a hooker. Before I
could object Lance said she could as long as she didn't wear
panties or bra and if she wore the skirt backward so the full
length zipper was at the front. She readily agreed because she
thought Lance wanted her tits and cunt to be readily available to
him. The top was just a strip of white cotton with elastic at the
top and bottom. for the bottom she wore the white vinyl mini
skirt. Both of them were too small for her. The top showed a lot
of cleavage and the skirt barely covered her ass. She just
grinned while she stood in front of Lance while he pulled the top
down even further till it just covered her nipples and tugged
down the skirt till her pussy hair would have shown if she had
any to show. I was embarrassed to be with her until I realized
the odds of seeing anyone we knew was very remote.
    Lance had unloaded the van into the airplane and had turned
in the van at the hotel so he rode back to the airport with us.
     Just for kicks we sent her into a Mcdonalds to get breakfast
sandwiches and coffee so we could watch the men staring at her
from our parking place by the window.
    On the freeway to the airport Lance noticed the passenger of
a truck staying even with our car was staring at Shirley's tits.
He grinned and pulled down her top to expose them completely.
Shirley tried to act embarrassed but she didn't try to cover them
and I knew she was enjoying the attention. When the passenger
stuck his fingers in his mouth to whistle and began to applaud
Lance unzipped her skirt and pulled her ass forward by tugging on
the lips of her pussy. When her ass was on the edge of the seat
he spread her legs and jammed in three fingers. That damn near
got us killed! The driver tried to see the action and almost
pinched us into the guard rail. I told her to cover up and
followed the truck to our exit to make sure he didn't follow us.
    I was really pissed off. We weren't even supposed to be in
California. If we had wrecked we would have been in trouble.
    I told shirley she should be ashamed because I knew she
enjoyed showing herself and that ten lashes she owed me were
going to her tits and pussy. She apologized which I told her just
proved she was enjoying it. If she hadn't she would have nothing
to apologize for.  
    The Cherokee Six has an aisle down the middle so I had
Shirley strip and  hook the back of her knees on the back of the
seats and lay back in the aisle so I could give her five lashes
to her tits and five more to her gaping pussy. Lance turned on
the autopilot so he could watch. 
    When I was done Lance had me fly while he went to the back of
the plane and dug around through he stuff he bought till he found
the box he wanted and a couple of bungee cords used to hold down
cargo. I was glad to see him come back because his weight at the
back of the plane made me push forward on the wheel to keep the
plane level. It was a hard push and my arms were getting tired.
It wasn't till he got back that I found I could have just trimmed
the plane with a little wheel to take off the pressure.
    He had her kneel between our seats in the aisle and used the
bungee cord to hold her knees to the legs of our seats and then
put handcuffs from her wrists to our shoulder belts. While she
knelt there sniffling he dug around in the box on his lap till he
found a sack of little clips with metal teeth on them. He split
them with me and we took turns putting them on her tits and
pussy. We left them on her till it was almost time to land. 
I told her it was for her own good to teach her to be a lady. She
actually bought that and promised she would try harder while she
soaked her tits with her tears!
    We planned to take her right to our new torture chamber but
she said she had promised to let her mom know she had returned
safely so we stopped by her house. I was wishing I had told her
to change clothes as I watched her ass cheeks flash when she ran
to the house. I was hoping her mother would not get pissed at the
new look.
    She was gone for a few minutes. We were getting impatient
when she ran back to the car bawling her eyes out. Between sobs
she said "Mmmon is gggone! Here look at this." 
    She handed me a note scrawled on paper torn from a grocery
sack. It said,
    "Shirley, I hate to leave you but I am in love with a man who
doesn't want to be saddled down with a kid. I have not had a
chance to be happy for a long time and I can't pass this up. You
are old enough to get a job and I am sure your rich friend will
make sure you don't starve until you find a job.
                           Love Mama"

    "Oh Heather, what am I going to do. She took all the money in
the cookie jar. Even the hundred dollars you loaned her. The rent
will be due next week and when I can't pay it they will put me in
a juvenile home like they did when she had to go to alcohol
detox."
    "Hey don't worry Shirley, we have a place you can stay. You
won't be able to go back to school though since they check with
your parents if you get a bad grade. Lance and I can teach you
everything with our books."
    "Oh Heather! Would you do that for me! Really! But how can I
pay you for my food and rent?"
    "How about the same way you paid for the clothes."
    "Would I pay for the whole months rent at once?"
    "Just as much of it as you can."
    "Oh I will be glad to pay for everything!"
    Just then Lance broke in and said he needed to talk to me in
private. When I met him behind the car he said, "Are you fucking
nuts? What is Dad going to say when he finds her up there and
what is this shit about her not going to school. The school will
go looking for her."
    "In the first place if Dad comes up we will know. That is why
I am putting in the electric gate. We can always hide her in the
basement and tell Dad we lost the key. When the school or anybody
else looks for her they will assume she left with her mom. I have
the note that could prove otherwise. Don't you see what this
means? We have a real slave now. We don't have to worry about
making her too sore to got to school and we don't have to pretend
we are going to make her a real friend and take her with us
everywhere."
    "God that would be a relief. She bores the shit out of me any
time I am not whipping or fucking her. It is still a little risky
but that might make it more exciting. One thing is certain she
can't run away with that electric fence all around the place. I
will hide the switch for it."
    With that settled we took her up to the ranch. She thought
the place was beautiful and was thrilled with the satellite tv
reception the previous owner had installed. They just had a coat
hanger for the antenna for their tv and could only get two
channels. Now she had a hundred. Actually she only needed one.
All she ever wanted to watch was MTV. She had too short an
attention span to watch movies and she wanted to practice her
dancing. We didn't hurt her very much the first couple of weeks
since we enjoyed the idea of a slave. She waited on us hand and
foot and sucked us whenever we felt like it.
    We kept up the pretense that her punishments were brought on
by her failures. We would stretch her on the rack or tie her in
strenuous bondage and tell her if she was brave she should be
able to stand it for a set amount of time. We would let her off
any time she wanted but she would get a lash for every minute
short of the goal. Sometimes just the bondage would get her so
excited she would get fantastic orgasms from the whipping.
    Her only complaint was that we were not around enough and she
got lonely. We tried to explain that we couldn't spend all our
spare time with her because our parents would get suspicious.
This was true. They couldn't understand why we wanted to fix up
the place and put in the airstrip ourselves since we could have a
contractor do it and write the cost off our income tax. We tried
to convince them we just enjoyed doing the work but they seemed
doubtful especially since we had never done any work before.
    She really scared us when she told us she had turned off the
electric fence planning to climb over it for a walk in the
forest. She couldn't climb the fence fortunately but we realized
that if she really got desperate she would. Lance asked her how
she had turned off the fence.
    Oh I couldn't find the switch so I just turned off all the
power at the main switch box. Our landlord showed me how to do it
because he was tired of coming over to reset the circuit
breakers. My mom was always plugging in too many things at once
and popping the breakers."
    We punished her for turning off the switch with the excuse
that she could have caused the food to spoil in the refer and
freezer. I stayed with her that night and she told me she could
be very happy living there if she could just have a friend. Yeah
sure, Like I should kidnap someone to be her friend.
    The next day one of the teachers asked me if I knew why
Shirley  was not in school. I told him I did not know her that
well but thought I had better check to make sure that he would be
told she left town if he checked. I checked with the neighbors on
both sides of her. They didn't know any detail except they just
left evidentally to beat the landlord out of his back rent. Just
to make real sure I stopped at the house behind hers. It was
really a hovel. At least Shirley kept their shack fairly clean. A
big unshaven man opened the door wearing a dirty undershirt. He
scratched himself all the time I was talking to him. At my
question about Shirley he said,
    "I never paid any attention to those people. The old lady was
a drunk and dragged loud drunk truck drivers home with her. I
think Janie knew Shirley. Janie! Get your lazy ass in here."
    A girl about sixteen appeared with tousled blonde hair
wearing a large black dress buttoned to her neck and with sleeves
to her wrists. The hem of the dress was just above her raggy
sneakers.
    She told me Shirley's mother was going to marry a truck-
driver and she told her that if the Landlord asked, they were
going to Canada. She  hadn't seen them leave.
    The man said impatiently "Okay! End of story. Get your ass
started on your run. You had better be real sweaty when you get
back."
    She got a scared look on her face and ran out the door.
    This was the girl Shirley had told me about! I noted the
direction she was running thanked the man for the information and
got in my car to follow her. I caught up with her in about three
blocks. I opened the window on her side and told her to get in so
I could talk to her.
    "No I can't. I have to run. If I am not back in fifteen
minutes real sweaty I will be punished."
    "You can just run faster later, get in. We can drink a coke
and talk." That appealed to her so she got in saying she couldn't
stay long. I wanted to hear about her punishments so I invented a
huge lie.
    "Hey I don't blame you. My folks take down my pants and spank
me with a strap for any little thing I do wrong."
    "You don't know how lucky you are. At least you have a car to
drive and have nice clothes. Mom and Dad have always spanked me
but until dad's brother moved in it was always on my clothes. Dad
only works once in a while when a contractor needs help and mom
just works part time at a 7 Eleven. So they needed him to help
pay the rent. One night when mom was working they had me bring
them beers. When I opened Dad's some of it squirted out on him.
He got real mad and said I needed a spanking. I leaned over the
kitchen table like I always do but his brother pulled my dress up
because he thought I wouldn't even feel it through all my
clothes. It was really embarrassing. They patted my bottom and
talked to each other about me being a big girl and having a good
butt for spanking. They gave me the worst spanking I ever had. To
make it worse they made me give them a kiss and thank them for
the spanking and had me stand in a corner holding up my dress so
they could see my red bottom after they had pulled the seat
between my cheeks."
 I broke in to say I knew just how that was because I had to do
it too. Then I asked her if they ever whipped her naked."
    "Oh yes! You too? The first time it happened I had just
finished taking a bath when dad yelled at me to come to the
kitchen. I put on my bathrobe and went to him. He said, 'This
place is a mess! Why didn't you wash the dishes?'  I told him I
was going to do them as soon as I got out of the tub but this
wasn't good enough. I leaned over the table and his brother took
some rope out of his pocket and tied my wrists to the legs. They
pulled the bathrobe clear over my head so I was stark naked on
the table. then they used their belts to stripe me from my thighs
to my shoulder blades. They were standing on both sides of me and
when they hit my back the end of their belts would hit the sides
of my stomach and boobies. 
    When they were done they tied my arms to my sides by running
ropes from my crotch to my arms. The rope cut into my crotch just
terrible. Then they had me stand in the corner again. but every
minute they would have me turn around so they could see my front
as well as my back. When I faced them they told me I had to stand
up straight. and if my stomach was not sucked in enough to
satisfy them they would whip it with their belts.
    This was just terrible so I told mom. She was no help at all.
She just told me that Dad didn't want me to be wayward because
she had been wayward, got pregnant with me and they  had to drop
out of school to work to support me. She said I should understand
why he might resent me sometimes for causing him so much trouble
and then said we couldn't get along without his brother's money
and that I shouldn't feel bad about being naked because we were
all family.
    Since then it has gotten worse. Now I always have to get
naked and they hang me from the ceiling fan so they can stripe my
whole body."
    She hesitated a minute then continued, Last week Dad gave me
a bunch of leather strips and told me to braid them together to
make a handle. I have to keep it under my pillow and bring it to
them and ask them to whip me. The last time instead of having me
kiss their lips they made me kiss and lick the things they pee
out of till the things spit on me."
    "Why don't you run away?
    She looked scared. Dad said if I tried to run away he would
beat me till I died! Besides, I don't have any money or anywhere
to go. I have been saving all the change I find around the house.
When I save twenty dollars I will run away."
    " How much have you saved."
    She said proudly, "I already have four dollars and thirty one
cents."
    "Look I am going to run away too. I have a car and lots of
money and a friend in California that can get us jobs."
    "Gee I will have to think about it. Dad may want to kill you
too. And I have been told never to owe anyone for anything."
    "Tell me the truth! It excites you to get naked and whipped
by those men. Doesn't it?"
    She blushed and then answered, "You too? But it is getting
less exciting and more painful. every time they hurt me a little
more."
    "Do you always run at the same time?"
    "Just on wednesdays, fridays, and Saturdays. Those are the
nights Mom works and they always start me running at six in the
evening when she goes to work. When I get back if I am not sweaty
enough they whip me. I am never sweaty enough."
    "Alright you think about it. If you decide you want to go I
will be waiting for you at six next friday at the next
intersection. Leave a note under your pillow that you are going
to hitch hike to Canada to stay with Shirley and her Mom. I am
sure Shirley really went to California because one of your
neighbors saw California plates on the truck."
    She got out of the car and began to run very fast to work up
her sweat. I was really disappointed and jealous of the men who
were getting her to do all those things because she was too dumb
to go to the police.
    On wednesday Lance flew Mom to Portland to do some shopping
so I had Shirley to myself. He was too wimpy to really hurt her
so we had not used the splintery fence post yet.
    Janie's story about tying her arms with ropes to her cunt
appealed to me so I tied sash cord around her arms then pulled up
on the outer fringes of her cunt till space opened up in the
middle. I used the winch to lift her up and let her down gently
on the post. I told her she should be able to sit there for
twenty minutes because all she had to do was grip the post with
her inner thighs to keep her pussy off the sharp edge. 
    After a few minutes I could see her pussy was no closer to
the splinters so I decided that was too easy and tied ten pound
weights to each ankle. 
    She began to sweat from the strain and whined, "Oh Heather,
this is too hard. I have to grip the post so tight I can feel
splinters going into my legs."
    "Come on. Don't be a wimp! You only have a little more time
to go. I'll help you, if you quit before the time is up you will
get twenty lashes."
    I sat at the end of the post watching her cunt get closer and
closer millimeter by millimeter as her legs tired. Finally about
two inches of the sharp post had disappeared in the crack of her
snatch and she sobbed. "Let me off and whip me! It is tearing my
pussy. It won't go any deeper anyway."
    "Prove it. Spread your legs."
    She squinched her eyes shut and spread her legs slightly.
When I made no comment she spread them further. This really made
her gasp and sob. I made a mental note to tie her legs wide apart
the next time I put her on it.
    I told her that proved it and she was relieved she would soon
be off of it as she clenched her legs back together driving more
splinters into her cunt and inner thighs. She began screaming and
never stopped when I fooled her by whipping her ass and tits
while she was still on the post. She squirmed and jumped with the
lashes until she drove in so many splinters it took me fifteen
minutes to pull them all with a tweezers while she cried.
    "Oh Heather.. You are getting too mean. My poor pussy is all
torn. I want to leave. I would rather be in the juvenile home
than here."
    "Yeah I know I got carried away. I'll make it feel better."
    I ate her pussy until my tongue and jaw muscles ached before
she could forget the pain enough to cum.
    I knew I could go even further when she said, "Thank you for
taking the pain away. I am sorry I said I wanted to leave. Lance
isn't as mean as you but you both make me cum. As long as I can
have orgasms I can stand anything."
    "Don't worry Lance and I love you very much. We will always
give you great orgasms. Oh yeah I have a surprise for you.
Thursday of next week we have a day off from school. By that time
Lance will have the air strip done and we can fly you to Seattle
for shopping."
    "This really brightened her up and she said, "Oh that will be
wonderful. I love you guys too. I'll do anything for you."
    "Really. That reminds me. we got something in the mail so I
can get you off when Lance isn't here. Close your eyes. It is a
surprise."
    I pulled off my dress which left me naked since I had stopped
wearing underwear and started strapping on a dildo. When I was
done it was sticking straight out from my crotch. The other end
was bent and was buried in my pussy. When I went over to her she
was still on her knees with her eyes shut.
    "Okay open your eyes." She looked at the little rubber spikes
all over it greedily ."Isn't it great! It will never get soft! We
can fuck till we can't stand it anymore."  She couldn't resist
feeling it and moving it around. That made me gasp when the
corresponding spikes in my pussy teased my clit. I had her suck
on it to get it wet which moved it around in my pussy to get me
more excited. She laid on her back and I mounted her and fucked
her till I got so excited I became uncoordinated and rolled on my
back so she could sit on it and gyrate. My orgasms became closer
and together and got progressively intense till I thought I was
going to go crazy when she finally fell off on her side. We were
both panting and soaked with sweat. 
    When we were back to near normal I sent her up to get some
beer. While we sipped on them she said, "Oh heather. That was
wonderful. I am really tired though. It really takes a lot longer
to cum when there is no pain doesn't it."
    I agreed without saying that it took a hell of a lot less
pain for me than it did her. I told her that I had to go home
because I had told my parents I was just going to the library to
study. This wasn't true I was just fucked out. I told her Lance
would see her the next day and I would be back Friday for the
whole weekend.
    I got to my parking spot a little early friday so I could be
sure I didn't miss Janie. I got very impatient since I was so
anxious to find out if she would leave with me. I finally put my
favorite CD in the radio and began to relax to the jazz.
    I was startled when the passenger door was jerked open and
Janie jumped into the seat. She yelled, "I am going with you!
Lets go before they start looking for me."
    When I pulled out she explained they had changed the way she
ran. Now they had her run around the block while they timed her
laps. She had to beat her old record every time or she would get
a lash for every second she went over. This way they would miss
her right away. I punched it and headed to our ranch while she
went on.
    "This week has been pure hell. On Monday  I was opening beers
for all of them including Mom. My uncle had a pint of vodka and
gave her shots of it along with the beer. She got  a little drunk
and right out of the blue told them that I had told her they were
spanking me naked. Dad got instantly mad and said, 'What the hell
did she do that for?' She told him she thought I wanted them to
stop but she knew I needed them if I was going to stay in line.
Dad told her she should spank me for being a snitch. They hung me
up naked and Mom spanked my butt with the whip but my Dad didn't
think she was hitting me hard enough so he said, 'You don't know
shit about whipping. It is supposed to hurt! I'll show you.' Then
they pulled her over the table and my uncle held her arms while
dad flipped up her dress and ripped off her panties and whipped
her butt till she was howling.  Then when she had calmed down
they told her to spank me again and to do it right or she would
get whipped again. As extra punishment for her they had her whip
me while she was naked. They laughed and clapped their hands as
they pointed out the way her big boobs flopped around while she
whipped me. Now they find some excuse to whip me every night. My
skin is so sore!"
    She began to whimper so I told her I had some salve I could
put on it when we got to our ranch. I was really anxious to see
what her body looked like under that huge dress. I was afraid she
was pretty fat but I knew we could diet her down if she was.
    She calmed down and then went on. "That isn't all. We always
went to church every Sunday. I hated it because the preacher was
always yelling that the parents had to be severe with their
children if they were going to grow up to be responsible and not
go to hell. They told me that on Wednesday there was going to be
a special service. It was about the same with the preacher
yelling till he was red in the face about juvenile delinquency.
And then he asked the congregation if they had a child they were
having trouble with. I was relieved when they didn't complain
about me, but they just sat there grinning while a man stood up
and said he had caught his daughter wearing bikini panties. The
preacher said she was on her way to being a harlot and had her
brought up on the stage. Her Dad said they had spanked her but he
didn't think she had really learned her lesson. The preacher
said, 'We can help you brother.' She cried like crazy when they
held up her dress to show the panties to everyone. Then they
unzipped the back of her dress and pulled her arms out of the
sleeves. She stood there bawling, clutching the dress to her
front while I watched a rope with a leather collar being lowered
from the ceiling.They put the collar around her wrists while she
held up her dress with her elbows. Then they pulled up her arms
till her elbows released her dress and it flopped down to her
waist. She began to moan when her boobies were shown to
everybody. Then the preacher handed her Dad a really nasty
looking long whip with a shiny metal tip.  They turned her back
to us and her Dad began leaving horrible welts with it. She
jumped so much when she was hit her dress fell on down to the
floor so he started moving the lines down her back till she had
welts all over. Then the preacher took the whip as he told
everybody loudly that she wouldn't be wearing these panties
again. He used the end of the whip to hit down on her butt till
the panties were in shreds then hit the waistband to rip them off
of her. When they turned her around I could see the end of the
whip had come around her body and she had bloody places all over
her front where the tip had dug in. She had fainted so they just
let her down to lay on the floor. The preacher asked if there
were any more sinners. I was scared to death my Dad would
volunteer me but Thank god he didn't. On the way home he said he
didn't want me cut up but if I wasn't real good they would have
me whipped next wednesday. Heather I just can't let them do that.
That whip scares me something awful!"
    I had her sit next to me and hugged her with my free arm
while I told her that she was safe now. I added, "You know that
you need a little whipping now and then so you can be good. Don't
you?"
    "Oh yes. I need to be whipped sometimes but I am afraid that
whip the preacher has might kill me. I heard Dad say he was going
to see if he could borrow it from the preacher. Since you are
going to be taking care of me you can whip me when you want to."
    On the way to the ranch I told her we didn't need to run away
because we had this neat place to live that her Dad would never
find. My folks had promised they wouldn't whip me anymore if I
didn't leave and just gave me spankings now. I asked her if she
would miss not being able to go to town.
    "Oh I never got to go anywhere anyway except for church, and
for running."
    "Well you are going to love this. My brother has an airplane.
Every now and then we will go to Seattle or Portland and I will
take you shopping."
    "Will you? Really? I only have two dresses. This one and a
white one I wear to church. Dad burned all my underwear."
    By that time we were at the gate. She was really impressed
when I pressed the remote control and the gate slid open to let
us through then automatically closed behind us. A bell rang in
the house when the gate opened so I knew Shirley would be
scrambling to get into the basement and lock the door as she had
been instructed. On the way up the driveway I told Janie I had
another surprise. Her old friend Shirley was staying with us too.

    "Oh good! I really like her. She gets punished too so I could
tell her everything."
    At the house I opened the basement door and told Shirley to
come upstairs because I had a surprise. Janie was a little
surprised to see Shirley was naked  when she ran over to hug her
but she soon got used to it. Shirley dragged her around excitedly
showing her the TV with all the channels and the refrigerator and
freezer full of food, pop, and beer. Then she said, "Best of all
This place is totally private. The police will never look for me
here and you can stay naked all the time if you want. Look at my
suntan." She turned around slowly to show her lightly tanned body
with no white areas.
    Janie said while grinning, " Shirley and I Have known each
other a long time. We used to go out in the woods and take off
our clothes so we could play in the sun." By that time  they had
sat on the couch to reminisce so I got beers for everybody.
    Shirley giggled and said, Do you remember my cousin Billy?"
    "How could I ever forget?" Then she looked at me and said,
    "Her cousin Billy was a little older than us and real cute.
We must have been about twelve. I remember we were just getting
titties. He used to like to play 'Spy.' We would hide and when he
found us he would tie our hands to a tree and pull up our t-
shirts and tickle us with a chicken feather till we told the
secret code word. It was fun at first especially when he tickled
our nipples but eventually we were giggling so hard it was hard
to get a breath and we would tell him the word."
    Shirley interjected, to say. "Yeah we tried not to tell
because if we didn't tell in ten minutes he would buy us an ice
cream cone. Ten minutes is a long time when you are being
tickled. Janie used all her will-power not to laugh and when he
saw she could take it. He told her if she didn't talk he would
spank her."
    "Oh yeah. I remember. It was real hot and I had made up my
mind not to tell if it killed me to get the ice cream cone. I got
it too!"
    "Yeah but he pulled up your skirt and pulled down your
panties and spanked it till it was really red before he bought
your cone."
    "Yeah but he just used his hand and it didn't hurt very much.
It was really exciting. Besides, it wasn't nearly as red as yours
got when he went over to tickle you and you told him before he
started that he would have to spank you too because you weren't
about to tell. 
    "Oh yeah. I remember. He cut a switch off the tree and said I
would tell if he used it on me."
    "Yeah, Shirley told him she wouldn't tell him no matter what
he used. He pulled down her jeans and panties and put red lines
on her bottom till they all ran together so her whole butt was
glowing. It looked like it would really hurt but Shirley never
yelled."
    "It did hurt! It was awful exciting though. I remember
closing my eyes and imagining I really was a spy and if I told
our whole country would be blown up."
    "Yeah. He had to go home the next day and we never saw him
again. I always wondered what he would have done next if he had
been able to stay longer."
    "Yeah. Me too. It sure got us started though. We spanked each
other all the time till your folks wouldn't let us play together
any more."
    I really got curious about all this nudity with no mention of
sex. "Didn't you guys do anything but spank each other? Didn't
you have any sex?"
    "Oh no! It never occurred to us. Our folks were really
religious. Mom caught me touching my pussy once and spanked my
hands with a ruler so hard I couldn't make a fist for a long
time. I never had sex till I met you guys."
    Janie's eyes lit up. "You have had sex? Tell me about it!"
    "Oh Janie it is just wonderful. I can't really describe it.
You just get more and more excited till you kind of explode with
this wonderful feeling then you just totally relax and kind of
glow."
    "Oh I think I came close to that when my uncle spanked my
pussy. I know I felt I was on my way to a wonderful experience."
    I stopped them because I just had to see what Janie looked
like. "Janie, why don't you take off that ugly dress. You don't
ever have to wear it again. I will get you some pretty clothes."
    She took off the dress and I saw she was not fat at all. Her
big boobs holding out the dress just gave that illusion. She had
a tiny waist and a really tight muscled round bottom from all
that running. I promptly picked up the dress and threw it in the
fireplace and set it on fire. Janie watched it burn and then
said, "I feel so happy. Seeing that darn dress burn finally made
me realize I was on my way to a whole better life."
    She sat on the floor happily watching the last of the dress
burn while she sipped her beer. Then a look of distress came on
her face and she said, "Heather, I can't expect you to take care
of me forever without payment. Just the food and drinks must cost
a lot. Do you have any chores you want me to do or anything to
help pay you."
    Shirley said, "That is no problem. Lance and Heather like to
spank and whip girls too. They give me ten dollars per lash."
    Janie looked stricken. "Oh no! it looks like I jumped out of
the frying pan into the fire. I have burned my bridges! I can't
leave here without being killed by my Dad." She started to
whimper till Shirley said, "Oh no it isn't bad at all and you can
have sex too!" Shirley looked at me slyly and went on. "Heather
can get pretty mean sometimes but she always makes up for it. You
will love it here and we can keep each other company."
    "I guess that would be alright. My folks paid three hundred
dollars per month. Would that be alright?"
    Shirley said "Are you kidding? Did you have this nice place
and satellite TV?"
    "Oh no! How about six hundred? I haven't been to a grocery
store. Would three hundred be alright for food and drinks?"
    "Yes but that is too many for one time. How about thirty
lashes every day or so?"
    "Oh that would be fine. I can take thirty easily. They were
giving me up to fifty per night. Would you like to give them to
me now?"
    "No I think Lance would like to be here." I knew Lance would
want to be here. He loved big tits and hers were fantastic. They
defied gravity, round and firm with practically no sag. He will
just love seeing them bounce under his whip.
    "Lance? Who is Lance?"
    Shirley answered for me, "Lance is Heather's brother. You
will love him. He is just gorgeous!"
    "Yes, But he doesn't like girls to have hairy pussies and
your is super hairy. We will have to get rid of the hair so you
can be like us."
    "I have been looking at Shirley's. It looks very nice. Do you
shave it?"
    Shirley told her we shaved her's the first time but since
then she just plucked out the hair when it grew out."
    "Wow! With all my hair that would take forever."
    I said, "There is a better way. It is called bikini waxing.
We put hot wax on it and when the wax cools we pull it off and
the hair comes with it."
    When I waxed her I held the candle real close, "Oh that is so
hot! You are burning my poor cunni!"
    "Be quiet and quit moving around! Spread your legs more so I
can get the hair around your ass-hole."
    She whimpered but opened her legs till she was practically
doing the splits. I put on a lot more wax than I needed to and
when it was cool I pulled it off very slowly to maximize the
pain. She moaned a lot but made no other complaint. She got
excited enough to get wet when we pulled her pussy and anus
around to pluck out stray hairs. When we were done she said, 
    "Gee it does look real nice. Just like when I was a little
girl except it is a little red from the wax. I bet it will hurt a
lot more now when it is spanked."
    I couldn't tell if she thought that was good or bad.Just as
she finished her sentence I heard an airplane overhead. Lance had
made a great airstrip he had a contractor come in and blacktop it
and installed runway and approach lights. He could turn them on
at night just by clicking his microphone on a radio frequency.
    I wanted to unveil Janie so I had her put on one of my
raincoats and we ran out to meet him at the hay barn he had
converted to a hangar.
    When he got out of the plane I said, Look Lance! I have a
surprise. This is Janie, isn't she pretty. She wants to stay with
us and she doesn't mind being whipped."
    Lance just glanced at her and said, "Yeah she will look
alright once you get some make-up on her and get her hair fixed.
Where in hell did you find her?"
    "You tell him Janie."
    "My folks were real mean. Heather rescued me and said I could
stay here to hide from them. I hope you don't mind. I will do
anything you want. I am sorry you don't like my hair."
    She was so disappointed Lance was not impressed with her I
decided to make her feel better.
    "Her hair will be beautiful once I give it a shampoo and set.
Look at her great legs." I unbuttoned the lower buttons of her
raincoat and pulled it back to show her legs almost to her pussy.
    "Yeah they are nice. She must do a lot of exercise."
    I unbuttoned a couple of more buttons to show her pussy.
    "Look at this cute pussy. It is so tight there is just a slit
at the opening."
    Janie blushed but I could tell she was pleased when Lance
agreed it was beautiful.
    "I saved the best for last!" I ripped open the last buttons
and pulled the coat off her shoulders and arms to let it fall to
the ground.
    "Jesus you are fantastic. I have never seen such big
beautiful breasts. Come here I want to feel them."
    She walked over to him and smiled while he lifted fondled and
tugged on the nipples. I saw they were both getting too excited
so I pulled her around by her shoulders.
    "Look at her ass. It is great too."
    "Oh yes I love it."
    Janie said. "Do you really! My uncle said it was spankable.
He said that was a compliment. Would you like to spank it."
    "You betcha. I plan to spank that cute thing a lot."
    He had her walk backward in front of him on the way back to
the house so he could watch her boobs moving with each step. 
    When we got back to the house I told Lance that Janie had
offered to take thirty lashes per day for her room and board. To
my surprise Janie said,
    "Yes I owe you that much. That is thirty for you and thirty
for Heather."
    I didn't know what to say. She had just doubled her
punishment and Shirley was grinning at her as if she was proud of
her. I led her down to our torture chamber. Her eyes widened in
fear but she calmed down when Shirley nonchalantly sat on the
stretching rack. Since she had doubled her punishment I thought
the least I could do was let her choose the way she would be
tied.
    "As you can see we have this set up so you can be held in
almost any position for whipping. We have put padded cuffs on
everything so your wrists and ankles won't be cut."
    "That is really nice of you. I have some scars on my wrist
from when they tied me with wire."
    She began to wander around raising her arms to pull on
chains, lying on the rack and stretching out on her back, leaning
over saw horses, and benches until Lance and I began to pant in
anticipation. Finally she stood in front of an X shaped device
Lance had made out of six by six timbers. She stretched out
facing the device and then turned around to stretch out with her
back pressing in to it.
    "I think this would be best. If it is alright with you."
    Lance said, "If you choose that position all sixty lashes
will fall on your front."
    "Yes I know. I want you to know how grateful I am you will be
taking care of me. You like my boobies and pussy so you should
get to whip them."
    We didn't need to be convinced any more. We spread her legs
wide to buckle them to the bottoms of the X then stretched her to
reach the  cuffs for her wrists. We flipped a coin to see who
would be first and I won.
    I started out just below her crotch and worked my way up to
finish at the top of her breasts. Then Lance took the thonged
whip from me and began to whip her tits up down and side ways.
Her only reaction was just to moan and tremble.
    He stopped for a minute to get his breath rubbing the thongs
of the whip on her pussy. She looked at him with a glazed look in
her eyes and said, "Yes. Whip it! Whip my pussy."
    When he had given it fifteen lashes she was obviously in
orgasm so he dropped his pants and shorts and buried his dick in
her pussy while she strained at her bonds to thrust back at him.
    When he came he fell into a chair panting while Shirley and I
took her down. She just slumped to her knees with her body
pulsating and taking deep breaths. When she calmed down she
looked up at me and said, "Thank you for my whipping. Would you
like me to kiss you?"
    I knew what that meant and I was more than ready for it. I
ripped off my flimsy panties and held up my skirt telling Shirley
to get behind me and hold me. In a short time I was orgasming so
hard my legs couldn't support me. Shirley was holding me up by my
tits which had pulled up to cradle my chin. Without comment she
left me to walk over to Lance on her knees to put his now hard
dick in her mouth.
    I was dying of thirst so I sent Shirley upstairs to bring us
down some beer. By the time she got back Lance had cum again and
Janie was gently kissing the side of his dick and his balls. I
went over to them in time to hear her say softly, "That was so
wonderful. Nobody ever put their thing in me before. That feels
so good. Will you do that every time you whip me?"
```````` "Yeah sure. You have a great tight pussy."
    "Oh thank you. You can whip me anytime you want."
    We leaned against a padded wall and drank our beers. Janie
noticed Shirley was fondling her pussy and said, "Poor Shirley.
You didn't get to do anything. Would you like to spank me and
have me kiss you?"
    "I don't want to hurt you. I am so excited, would you whip my
pussy until I ask you to stop and then kiss it?"
    Janie readily agreed and Shirley laid down on the rack with
her legs spread while Janie whipped her pussy.
    Lance and I watched in amazement. Janie at first just hit
easy but hard enough to turn Shirley's pussy lips red. 
    This got Lance and I horny so he fucked me dog fashion while
we watched them.
   Shirley's only reaction was moans as she pulled on her
nipples. Then as it started to get really red Shirley spread her
legs even more and Janie took that as a cue to hit even harder.
Shirley's cunt-lips began squirming under the lash as Shirley's
moans became louder and she was jerking her nipples so hard her
tits were jumping. She must have taken more than twenty lashes
before she told her to stop and yipped and pulsated as orgasms
pulsed through her body.
    After that Lance and I were through so we left the girls
happily giggling watching MTV while they sipped beer.
    On the way back Lance said, "Hey I really appreciate you
finding Janie. She really gets off on punishment and has almost
as much muscle in her pussy as you do. I felt like she was
milking me. The only problem is I don't know how in hell I can
keep all three of you fucked without killing myself. Maybe we
should look for another guy."
    "Why? If you don't feel up to it. We can get each other off
with our tongues or dildoes."
    "That is easy for you to say. My damn dick will get hard even
though I know when I cum it will feel like I am ripping my balls
off."
    I giggled and said,"That is the disadvantage of being a guy.
Girls can cum till they are just too tired and go to sleep. No
matter how much we cum it never hurts. But seriously, There is no
guy we know we could trust with this secret."
    Well maybe you are right. But I think I will feel out a few
guys and if I find one that can get off on the S&M film where the
girl is cut and bleeding he might qualify. Don't worry though, I
will check with you before I bring him up to our place."
    Things were working out great now that Shirley had a friend.
We only went up there when we were horny and could leave when we
were satisfied. My problem was that I could not forget Janie's
story about the wednesday night church. After the second week I
decided to stop by her house to see if they were looking for
Janie and to try to get an invitation to church. I knew from
Janie that the church started at seven so I got there about six.
When I knocked on the door Janie's Dad answered it wearing fairly
clean clothes. I had dressed down for the occasion with a simple
skirt with an elastic waistband and a peasant blouse that showed
a little cleavage. At the last minute I decided not to wear under
wear.
    When he opened the screen door I went into the house and
said,
    "Hello Mr. Harris. I was in the neighborhood so I thought I
would visit Janie. Is she home?"
    "Naw. The little bitch ran off. I'm not worried though. One
of these days she will be calling us to beg us to bring her home
or else some sheriff will call to say he has her in jail."
    "Do you know where she went?"
    "Naw. I have heard Canada and California. It don't matter. I
am not going to waste time looking for her."
    "Well that is a shame. Kids are getting so wayward anymore.
They should have a real strong church and be whipped when they
need it.
    He snorted, "Yeah sure. When was the last time you got
whipped?"
    "Well dad uses his belt to put welts on my bare skin. It
isn't a real whip but it leaves big welts when you are hit on the
bare skin."
    "No shit. Come on into the kitchen. I'll make you a drink if
you want one."
    "That would be real nice. I am real thirsty."
    In the kitchen I met his wife, Carrie, and his brother, Bob.
When Carrie leaned over to shake my hand her blouse fell away
from her chest and I saw welts on the top of her breasts.
Obviously she was filling in for Janie. I was amazed by Bob. I
had expected a loutish brute but he was very good looking and in
his late twenties.
    When Lew had me seated at the table with a very strong 7up
and vodka drink in front of me he said, "Heather thinks we let
Janie get wayward. She says her paw whips her when she gets out
of line"
    "Well, like I said he uses his belt rather than a whip.
Sometimes I think I would be a better girl if he did use a whip.
Also we go to a wimpy church that doesn't see anything wrong with
anything. We used to go to a church that preached spare the rod
and spoil the child. The preacher there whipped me once with a
big willow switch. That kept me in line for a long time.
    "Heather said her paw whips her on the bare skin. How does he
keep you in place for it?"
    "Well I am not naked anymore. When I started getting boobies
he decided I was too old to be naked so I wear panties and bra.
He usually ties me to a ceiling fan." I looked up at theirs. "It
is a lot like yours."
    Bob looked at me as if I was naked and said, Well Heather, we
have to leave now to go to your old type church. Would you like
to go along? You might see a whipping. Would that bother you."
    "Oh no. I am sure if they get whipped they deserve it. I
would like to go."
    We all piled into their old Ford with me in the back seat
with Bob. 
    "Heather how do you feel after you get whipped? Do you hate
your Dad for doing it?"
    "Oh no Bob, I always deserve it and after it is over I don't
have to feel guilty anymore. I just feel tired and dreamy. I am
always kind of proud of my welts. I always look at them in the
mirror afterwards. Carrie, have you ever been whipped?"
    "Oh yes. Lots"
    "Then you know what I mean."
    "Yeah kind of like you are at peace with the world."
    "Yeah! I just didn't know how to say it."  
    We arrived at the "church" a short time later. It used to be 
a movie theatre. The marquee was still on the building which
really needed a new coat of white paint. The sign that originally
held movie titles now had slogans like "Sinners Repent, The End
is Near, etc and John Morgan Preacher." the signs were painted
amateurishly in black paint. We filed through the lobby with its
worn red carpet and took seats in front row center. We were early
since Lew wanted to be sure we had a good seat.
    While we were waiting they quizzed me on my punishments and
the reasons for them.
    "It is usually school stuff. I have to bring all my homework
and tests home and I get a spank for each point under a hundred.I
work real hard so sometimes he saves them until there ia at least
twenty five."
    Bob kind of sneered and said, "Twenty five spanks on your
panties should not be a big deal."
    I decided I should spice up my totally fraudulent story.
    "Well.. Last time it was different. I only had twenty coming
but I think he was trying to impress his boss who was over having
a drink. His boss was complaining about something his daughter
had done. I didn't pay much attention till he said, 'Heather
would never do that. She would know she was going to be punished.
I'll show you.' He had me take off my sweater and skirt and
pulled me up real tight to the fan. Then he said, 'I usually
spank her bottom but I think she is getting too used to it.' Then
he folded down the top of my panties till I was almost naked and
whipped the inside of my thighs and across the bottom part of my
stomach." I paused for effect then continued, "It was really
embarrassing. His boss was staring at my cunni the whole time." 
    That did it. Bob sounded excited when he said, "Maybe the
next time he will pull them all the way off."
    Then the house lights dimmed and the curtains opened to
reveal a big mean looking man in a black suit. He started right
out screaming about hell and damnation. This guy was so out of
touch with the nineties! He ranted on for several minutes about
how women and children had to be kept in their place and spewed
bigotry against Jews, Niggers, rich people, and the police. He
finished with a fifteen minute diatribe on how women and children
were animals that needed constant training. It would have pissed
me off except I could not take my eyes off the ropes with wrist
cuffs hanging down from the ceiling.
    The preacher finally shut up and all the "Amens"coming from
the audience stopped.
    He stood silently for a minute looking over the audience then
the hypocritical bastard let out a long sigh and said,
    "I am sorry to have to say we have three wayward children
that will have to be punished in order to save their souls. would
you bring up Jimmy and Bertha please. A man led up a boy about
fourteen and a woman led up a girl a little younger. Jimmy tried
to be brave but Bertha was already crying.
    "The preacher asked, "What did these children let the Devil
have them do, Brother?"
    "I caught them swimming naked in my farm pond, Preacher."
    "That is truly terrible! I hope you caught them before they
went on to unspeakable acts."
    "I think so. They both swore they didn't touch each other.
But you never know for sure."
    "Well it seems they led each other astray so as father of
Jimmy you should punish Bertha and Bertha's Mother should punish
Jimmy. Forty lashes should do it."
    At this the girls crying turned to loud howls of anguish. "I
didn't do anything! I don't have a swim suit to wear!"
    Her mother slapped her face and said, "Be brave. You are
making fools of us. If you don't shut up you will get eighty
lashes."
    This obviously scared the hell out of her and she managed to
hold herself to sobs and hiccoughs while her Mother handed her
over to the man. She clenched her eyes shut in anguish while the
man had her face the audience while he slowly removed all of her
clothing including her shoes and stockings. Then he had her
intermesh her fingers and buckled the collar around her wrists.
In another example of the double standard the boy was allowed to
leave his shorts on. They really dragged it out, slowly raising
the ropes till they were both on their tip-toes. Then the
preacher reached into his podium and handed them many thonged
whips like we had at home. I was disappointed since I was looking
forward to seeing the whip Janie had described.
    They let them hang there for awhile evidentally to build the
excitement then began the whipping very hard. The woman
concentrated on the boys back, butt. and legs but the man  turned
her butt to the audience and gave it ten hard lashes then turned
her around to put fifteen on her budding boobs and the other
fifteen on her nearly hairless pussy. At the end she was just
rolling her head around and moaning.
    Then they raised the ropes up until their toes left the floor
and slowly turned them around so each part of their body would
come into view to show the redness and welts. When the boy's back
was to us the mother pulled down his shorts and let them drop to
his toes  for a long look at his welted ass. The real surprise
was when she turned him around. In spite of or because of the
pain he had a throbbing erection.
    They finally let them down and released them. They grabbed
their clothes and walked hurriedly into the wings to dress.
    In spite of my disappointment about the whips I became very
excited and had trouble controlling my breathing while I moved my
legs around to feel the wet lips of my cunt rubbing against each
other.
    The preacher stepped up to the podium and said softly. "It
saddens me to tell you that the next sinner is my very own
daughter. I can't bear to tell you what she did. I will just say
it was against nature."
    Lew snorted, "Haw. He finally caught her giving blow-jobs. I
heard she loved doing it."
    I caught some movement in the wings and then two men came out
leading a very stunning brunette by pulling on her shoulders. Her
wrists and elbows were tied tightly behind her back which pushed
out her boobs. She was wearing a tight strapless wool dress that
really showed off her great body. I recognized the dress! My
Mother had made me get rid of it because I looked too sluttish.
If she had thought I looked like a slut she should have seen this
girl. She was at least three inches taller than me and with
bigger boobs. The hem barely covered her ass and her tits were
ballooning out of the top. I looked at this girl and then the
preacher and decided she must be adopted. 
    The preacher said angrily, "I do not want to take the chance
of being too easy on her. I have asked brother Bill and brother
Joe to carry out the punishment.
    Lew said, "This is going to be great. Those guys are meaner
than snakes!"
    They brought her out to center stage. She seemed resigned to
her ordeal. There were tears in her eyes but she was not making
any noise and did not try to fight the men. I realized they were
going to make a production out of this when all the lights went
out and a spotlight came on to light her brightly. Except for her
it was so dark I could barely see Lew and Bob sitting on either
side of me and the preacher at the podium disappeared.
    I don't know whether they turned up the bass on the preachers
microphone or what but then out of the dark a big booming voice
said, "Let the punishment begin!"
    One of the men unzipped the back of the dress just enough to
get it below her transparent bra. She had big nipples showing
through the transparent strapless bra. They left the dress that
way and slowly turned her around in a circle. 
    When she faced forward again they unzipped the rest of it and
left it hanging on her hips. They turned her around slowly again
to show her small waist and flat trembling stomach.
    This was not a church anymore. It was a strip show and the
men acted accordingly, laughing, whistling and applauding as more
flesh came into view. They kept it up through her whole ordeal.
    Then they pulled off the dress and had her make the turn to
show her nice ass and the shadow of pubic hair under the panties.
    When they took off her bra they hardly sagged which was
obvious since we got to see them from all sides.
    Instead of taking off her panties they ripped them off which
caused her to gasp. When they turned her around they squeezed the
cheeks of her ass and pulled the cheeks apart.
    When she faced forward again the men grabbed her knees and
pulled her legs apart. You could barely see the slit of her pussy
in the thick dark hair. Tears had fallen on her breasts which
reflected the light of the spotlight.
    By now I was really getting excited and anxious to get on
with it but the strip was not over.
    The big booming voice said, "She should not hide her shame!"
    One of the men went to the wings while the other kicked at
the sides of her feet to open her legs even further. The other
man came out carrying a suitcase and unrolling an extension cord.
then he stuck something in the waist of his pants and came back.
The other man got down on one knee with his other leg bent at the
knee to make a place for them to lay her over with her head and
shoulders on the floor and her ass on his leg then they pulled
her legs apart till her pussy was gaping while the man with the
suitcase took an electric clippers out of his pants and proceeded
to shave all the hair off her pussy and the crack of her butt
While her stomach jumped from her sobs.
    While the man held her over his leg pulling and pinching the
lips of her now bald pussy the other man went into the wings
again. He came back with a log about four feet long and a foot
thick with collars screwed to the ends. He put the log between
her legs and pulled her back to her feet. They spread her legs
and buckled the collars around her ankles then hooked a rope from
the ceiling to her wrists and began pulling her up which forced
her to bend over. When she was at a ninety degree angle they
picked her up and pointed her ass at us. It gave us a great view
of her pussy and her ass. They went to the suitcase and came back
with paddles the size of badminton racquet made of leather with
several holes in it. One hit the right cheek and the other hit
the left with a resounding "Crack!" then they stopped so we could
see the effect. Her ass was fiery red with white circles where
the holes had been. They started again to hit alternate cheeks
till her screams and the sound of the "Cracks!" echoed in the
room. I got so excited before they were done I was panting while
the audience cheered.
    They turned her to face us again and went back to the
suitcase to bring back nasty looking whips that looked like black
snakes about three feet long. One of them swung sideways at the
top of her breasts while the other hit the back to make her tits
swing violently from her chin to her stomach. I was going nuts as
I clutched my boobs in empathy and pulled at my nipples.
    I managed to calm down a little as they let her hang there
till her screams turned to moans and then sobs. I thought it was
all over when they unhooked the rope from her wrists and pulled
her upright. I realized I was wrong when one of the men went to
the suitcase and came back with some sash cord which he coiled
around the base of her boobies to make them round and hard. This
seemed to show up the lash marks even more.
    I then saw something I would not have believed was possible.
They hooked the rope around the sash cord at the center of her
breasts and began pulling up on it while she screamed in agony.
    I began panting and clutching my tits again when I felt a
hand sliding up my right leg taking my skirt with it this was
followed shortly by another hand sliding up my left leg. I slid
to the edge of the chair as I felt fingers entering my pussy and
ass-hole while their legs hooked over my knees to pull my legs
open widely. 
    Just as I felt a knuckle sliding into my ass The men on stage
pulled on the rope and her feet and the log left the stage. She
continued to scream while her tits turned maroon as they went to
the suit case. They returned with whips like the one Janie had
described then pushed the ends of the log to make her spin. While
she was spinning they lashed her letting the whip hit wherever
her body might be as she turned.  I pumped my hips in time with
the "Snap!" of the whips.
    I felt hands pulling down my peasant blouse till it was at my
stomach trapping my arms to my sides. Then they began to pinch my
nipples and slap them as I went into a series of orgasms while I
watched the girls spin slow then stop and start turning in the
other direction  While the whips left small cuts with the tips
all over her body including her nipples and pussy.
    Suddenly the spotlight went out and out of the darkness the
booming voice said, "Repent sinners or you will be next!"
    They pulled up my blouse and took their fingers out of me
seconds before the house lights came on. I looked around groggily
and could tell by the facial expressions that I was not the only
girl that had been treated with orgasms.
    I was so shaky they had to support me by the arms when we
walked up the aisle.
    On the way to the car Lew said, "That was quite a show. Now
nobody can bitch because the preacher's kids never have to get
whipped."
    That had to be the understatement of the year. Hollywood
would have a hell of a time beating it for excitement.
    When we left the driveway Bob pulled me over on his lap
facing him and said, "Put your arms over your head."
    When I did he pulled my blouse up and off and then dragged my
skirt up the same route. I loved the feeling when the waistband
compressed my tits and dragged across my nipples. 
    I managed to get his fly open. He wasn't wearing shorts and I
pulled out his dick to feel that it was as big as my largest
dildo. While I gyrated on his dick he pinched my nipples and
slapped my breasts with his hands.
    After we came I slid to the floor to kiss and lick his prick
in gratitude. Shortly later the street light began lighting the
car and he had me put up my hands so he could slide the skirt and
blouse back on. I didn't want them on! I wanted to be naked in
front of everyone. I wanted to be whipped naked in front of them!
    I held on to Bob as we went into the house. He asked me if I
wanted a drink and I answered, "Yes, Desperately!" I chugged down
the first glass and Carrie brought me another.
    While we sat at the table Lew looked at me speculatively  and
began talking quietly.
    "You are a very naughty girl aren't you? I can't imagine a
nice girl who would go to church with no underwear and let two
strangers feel her up and stick fingers in her."
    "Oh yes I am terrible. I should be punished!"
    "I see. Shall we say twenty lashes on your naked body?"
    "Yes... Twenty for each of you."
    "All right. I would like to see what we will be whipping. It
was dark at church. Take off your clothes and sit on the table."
    When I did it they spread my legs and prodded my breasts and
pussy while they sipped their drinks. I couldn't stand any more
teasing. I begged them.
    "Please.. Please whip me. I need it. I am a very bad girl.
I'll do anything, just please whip me."
    Bob got up and got some rope which he tied around my wrists.
Then they moved the table out of the way and Lew held me up in
the air while Bob knotted the rope at the base of the fan. When
Lew let me down my toes were about a foot off the floor and I
felt my muscles stretch and the rope cut into my wrists.
    Lew said, "That was kind of an interesting thing having the
log between the legs. Too bad we don't have a log."
    Bob said "Hold on. We can do something like it. I'll be right
back."
    Carrie said, "I have an idea too!"
    While they were gone Lew kept my excitement alive by sitting
in a chair beneath me and amused himself by sticking his thumb in
my pussy and his index finger in my ass-hole and opened and
closed them to push the knuckle of his thumb against my clit. His
hand must have been wet to his wrist when they returned.
    Bob used duct tape to secure my wide spread legs to a two by
four while Carrie wrapped yarn around the base of my tits till
they were hard and throbbing.
    When they were done Lew said."Let's wind her up."
    He turned me around and around while the rope formed knots
and I was lifted higher. Then they got on three sides of me and
Lew let go of me and I started to turn slowly. I saw I was not
just going to be hit with the thong whip. Lew had the whip, Bob
had a long willow switch and Carrie had a thick leather strap.As
I turned I was hit any where they felt like it by the whip, then
the switch and then the strap.
    I was so hot from the anticipation my orgasms started by the
tenth lash. Finally I couldn't cum any more and the pain got so
bad I fainted. 
    I have no idea how long I was out. I woke up to stinging and
cold from being slapped with wet towels on the front of my body.
I was tied spread out to the walls of the opening to the kitchen.
    Bob held a glass to my lips so I could drink vodka and 7up
while carrie and Lew spread salve on my tingling body. My tits
really hurt and I looked down to see they were still tied up and
they were turning blue.
    Between sips of the drink I said plaintively, "Please untie
my boobies. They hurt something awful."
    Bob said, "In a minute. I have some presents for you. I made
them for Janie."
    He held up three round metal medals soldered to large safety
pins. He picked out one and held it closer so I could read the
words he had punched into them with letter dies. the first one
said. " I am a bad girl." The next said, "I need to be whipped."
the last one said, " I am good now."
    I decided to humor him and said, "Oh yes. They are nice You
did a good job."
    "Good. I will pin them on you."
    He pulled out one of my nipples! I screamed, "No. Please
don't!"
    "Oh, you are hurting my feelings. I guess I will have to give
you the rest of your lashes on these. Maybe with my new wire
whip."
    While he said this he pinched the welts on my poor throbbing
tits. I panicked.
    "No. I want them. I just want you to untie them first."
    "Oh I didn't understand."
    He began to untie and unwrap the yarn. It felt wonderful to
have the pressure relieved but they tingled like crazy as the
blood began circulating in them again. When they were loose he
rubbed them for awhile which felt wonderful.
    Just when they were feeling almost normal he pinched my left
nipple and pulled it out while Lew and Carrie watched avidly. I
clenched my teeth and braced myself when I felt the point
pressing the skin. If he hadn't been such a bastard he would have
shoved it through fast but he very slowly pushed it through to
cause as much pain as possible. I saw a bump like a big pimple
form on the right side of the nipple and then the point appeared
and he locked it. I asked for a drink to give me time to brace my
self for the next one. When it was gone I had no more excuses so
he repeated the operation to my other nipple. Through eyes glazed
by pain I saw him hold up the last medal.
    "You know where this one goes don't you?"
    "Oh no Bob. Please. We will do it next time."
    "There might not be a next time. Don't worry Carrie will take
your mind off of it."
    Carrie knelt in front of me and began lapping at my pussy. I
was so scared she had to do it for a long time till I started
getting excited then I felt Lew behind me and the head of his
dick working its way into my ass-hole. He held me steady by my
hips and just worked his dick that was buried in my ass in a slow
circle. I saw Bob kneel down too and his timing must have been
perfect because I didn't really notice the pain when he put the
safety pin through both lips of my pussy just above my clit. I
must have passed out again for a minute. The next thing I knew I
was lying on a bed and they were all naked.
    When they saw I was awake they told me I was very brave and
they were proud of me. Then Bob began to eat my pussy while Lew
and Carrie kissed and licked my breast and nipples flipping my
medals around with their tongues. Incredible as it seems I began
to get horny again. I desperately wanted something in my pussy so
I slid down and told Bob to get on his back and I let my pussy
sink down on his rock hard prong. Then he pulled me forward and I
felt Lew's dick entering my anus. Carrie couldn't stand it so she
put her leg over Bob's chest and pulled my mouth onto her slit. I
began to pant which must have really felt good to Carrie as she
moaned and slipped off the bed to the floor while Lew was giving
me a gism enema and Bob's dick began to soften.
    We went to sleep just where we laid.
    I was awakened by a neighbors dog barking so I put on my
clothes and went home to sleep till noon.  
    I got up to see the carnage to my body in my three way
mirror. I was a mess. I still had nasty maroon welts and scabs in
places where the end of the switch cut my skin. There was dried
blood on my nipples and pussy where the pins had gone through. I
tried to remove the obscene medals but my nipples were so tender
I couldn't bear to squeeze the pins together enough to unclasp
them. I was going to take a shower to wash off the blood and
soften the scabs when inspiration hit! Someone was going to pay
for this and I knew exactly who it would be.
    I shopped all over town until I found what I was looking for
in a leather and saddle shop. They had the whips that looked like
a black snake and the other whip except it had three inch leather
thongs at the tip instead of the metal tips on the church whip.
When I asked the man at the counter if they had the whip with the
metal tip he told me that they had sent them back because the
customers had returned them because they cut the skin on their
animals. He said he could order one but it would take two weeks.
That was too long for what I had in mind. I took the ones he had
and he offered to dip them in oil to make them more flexible and
to keep the leather from cracking. That was great. It took away
the "brand new" look. At every stoplight on the way out of town I
practiced putting a pained haggard look on my face. I wiped off
most of my make-up to improve the look. 
    I hurried to the ranch where I would have the girls to myself
since Lance had flown my folks to Vancouver B.C. for a jazz
concert. When I got to the ranch I trudged to the house with my
haggard look. The girls must have been peeking out the windows
because they came running out to meet me.
    I was proud of my acting skills when they looked concerned
and Janie said, "Oh Heather what is wrong. You look sick.
Shirley. Help me get her in the house."
    When we got into the house I said, "Oh Janie. I hurt so much!
Let me show you."
    "I unzipped my dress and dramatically lowered it slowly to
reveal my welts, scabs, and blood clots."   
    "Oh that is terrible Heather. What happened to you?"
    Janie said, "I think I know. I recognize those medals they
were going to put them on me for Wednesday church. You have been
to my house haven't you?"
    I whimpered and even managed to work up some tears. "Oh yes!
Janie it was just horrible. I just stopped by to see if they were
looking for you. Your Dad pulled me into the house and began
yelling at me. He was sure I knew where you were. He said he knew
I had something to do with it since you went away right after I
had talked to you. They tied me to a chair and slapped me and
yelled at me and when I wouldn't admit to anything they took off
my clothes and they all whipped me and put these medals on me.
Even your Mom whipped me!" I began to howl in anguish and went
on. "They whipped me for hours hung from the ceiling fan and tied
to the kitchen entry all spread out so they could whip my poor
pussy for a long time." I stopped talking to go back to
whimpering and sniffling. Janie began to cry along with me.
    "Oh poor Heather! They used to tie me to the fan and the
entry too, but they didn't whip me for hours. Didn't you faint?"
    "Oooh yes. Lots of times but when I fainted they slapped me
with wet towels till I came to and then started up again."
    Janie began to cry harder "They only did that to me once and
that was just so they could give me the last twenty lashes they
said I owed them. You should have told on me I wouldn't have
blamed you."
    "Oh no." I whimpered. "I couldn't tell them even if they
killed me. If they find you they said they would whip you till
you died."
    Shirley made me a strong drink and I sipped it and pretended
to calm down. If anybody ever deserved an Oscar it was me. They
helped me into the bed and began to put salve on me which took
off the clots and removed some of the scabs. That felt really
good but when Shirley started to lick my pussy I had another
inspiration  I screamed, "No don't touch my pussy! I never want
to have sex again. They raped me over and over and when they
couldn't get hard ons any more they jammed other things in my
pussy! That isn't all! They were drinking beer and when they had
to piss one of them would force my mouth open and they would piss
in it. They kept whipping me while I threw up."
    This last part was pure luck.
     Janie said, "Oh no. Bob did that to me once. I had to throw
up too. These medals were meant for me. I should have to wear
them." She reached out to take one off but I screamed, "No! don't
touch them I will have to heal before I can take them out."
    They kept getting me drinks but I didn't want to get drunk
because I might get out of character. After the third drink I
acted more calmly and said, At least the church and they won't be
able to use those whips on anyone again. When I got the knots
loose and sneaked out I stole them. They are in the car. I hope
the preacher is real mad at them for borrowing them and then
losing them."
    Shirley ran out to the car and brought them in.
    "Oh yeah!  I recognize them. Poor Mom. They will blame it on
her and she will get an awful whipping Wednesday. The whip I saw
had a steel tip."
    I was ready for that. "Yes, I heard them say that they wished
they had borrowed the steel tipped one instead of this one. If
they had I would probably be dead."
    They said I should rest and since the drinks were strong I
decided it would be a good idea since I could be "recovered
completely" after a nap. 
    I must have slept a couple of hours and then went out to the
kitchen to get a beer since my mouth was dry from the nearly
straight vodka Shirley had given me. I looked around for the
girls and finally saw them coming toward the house from the
workshop in the barn.
    When they walked in the door they saw me sipping beer at the
table and Janie said, "Oh good. You are up. Do you feel any
better? Your welts look better thanks to that wonderful salve."
    "Yes I feel a lot better thank you for taking care of me."
    Janie kissed me and then sat down while Shirley brought us
three more beers."
    "Heather. Shirley and I just feel awful about what happened
to you. It is all our fault. If you had not rescued us you would
never have had to be tortured by those men. We want you to do to
us what they did to you. We realize you aren't as strong as the
men so we won't be hurt as much but maybe if you rest once in
awhile you can make it almost as bad. We know you get excited
when you whip us. Maybe you might want sex again. I couldn't live
with the guilt if you never wanted anything as wonderful as sex
anymore."
     This was exactly the reaction I was hoping for but I was
sure they would expect me to protest a little.
    "I love you for offering but you didn't torture me."
    "Oh yes we did! We might have well done it ourselves because
it wouldn't have happened if you hadn't helped us. We want you to
imagine that is Dad, and Bob and Mom you are whipping. We will
wear gags so you won't feel sorry for us if we scream. I won't
feel better until I have more marks on my body than you and
Shirley feels the same way. Don't you Shirley?"
    "Oh yes I feel doubly guilty. You took a real chance rescuing
me and then when I told you about Janie you rescued her too. You
took a big chance rescuing us. Our folks could say you kidnapped
us and nobody would believe the truth since we are kids and they
are adults. To prove that we mean it we made these for you to put
in our nipples and cunnies. We couldn't find any big safety pins.
We thought you could put these in and bend them around to pinch
the nipples like the pins are doing yours."
    She dropped twelve four inch pieces of baling wire which they
had sharpened on one end with the grinder in the shop.
    "Why so many. I only have three of them."
    "Since you can't whip as hard we thought we should have twice
as many."
    "Well I would feel better if I was not the only one with
things stuck through my nipples and pussy."
    "I am sure you would! Please do It we will feel so much
better. Oh I hope this is alright. Janie and I can't decide who
should be first. Would it be alright if you tied us up back to
back and then put one wire in me then one in Janie and when that
is done you can whip us one at a time the same way. We think if
you do us one at a time with all the lashes you will get too
tired to really hurt the second person."
    "That will mean you would get them all on your front"
    "Yes. We are both more sensitive there. We want to be hurt as
much as you were. Please do it."
    "Well alright. But unless I can imagine you are Bob and Lew I
won't be able to hit hard."
    "Janie has an idea on that. She said that she hated the
people at church who were cheering when someone was being
whipped. Try to imagine we cheered while Bob and Lew hit you. If
that doesn't make you mad, you should know that if either of us
had been with you when you were being tortured we don't think we
would have been brave enough to say, 'Don't whip Heather. Whip us
instead."
    "Do you mean that after all I have done for you. You would
not have volunteered to replace me? That makes me very
disappointed in you! I will do it! Even though it won't be near
as hard. It really hurts a lot to put the needles through the
nipples. I will just put one in each nipple and four in the lips
of your pussy. That doesn't hurt nearly as much."
    For all I knew that might be true. I had been so bombarded
with sensations I had hardly noticed it when Bob put the medal in
my pussy. The real reason I wanted to do it that way was because
I had visions of leading them around by the rings and maybe
putting weights on them.
    They were overjoyed I would let them pay for their sins. They
kissed me and thanked me profusely and then ran to the center of
the room and stood under the ropes hanging from the ceiling with
their butts pressed against each other and their legs spread.
    "Will this be alright, Heather? It should be okay as long as
you hit as hard as you can."
    "Well...Okay. I won't hit you endlessly like they did me. I
will only give you sixty." It suddenly dawns on me that my arm
would be tired as hell before I got to one hundred and twenty so
I added. "I'll just give you twenty at a time and let you rest in
between."
    Janie said, "Oh heather that isn't fair for you. We really
appreciate you and we will make it up to you somehow. I hope it
will make you feel like sex again. If it does you can hit us
more."
    Shirley looked a little frightened."Heather could you please
start with the little black whip so we can kind of get used to
it? They used it on you didn't they?"
    This was no concession. I planned to do that anyway. I said,
"Yes that will be alright although they just used the long one. I
know I would have liked it a lot better if they had started out
with it."
    I tied them with their backs together and spread out. I cut
sashcord to lock them together at the waists, knees, and biceps.
I was really sorry I didn't have yarn for their breasts and a log
for their ankles but I wanted to do this while my marks were
fresh. I knew most of them would be gone by the next day. I
decided to use the dick gag on Janie so she could get used to a
prick in her throat. The ball gag was used on Shirley since she
could swallow a softball bat by then.
    I stood by their sides and began forehanding and backhanding
them with the little whip. I noticed my forehand was better since
it almost always created a small cut at the tip so after ten I
switched side so they could appreciate the difference. After the
forty lashes we were all sweating like pigs So I loosened their
arms a little with the winch so they could slump while I went up
for a cold beer. I held the medal up on my pussy with my thumb so
I could play with my clit while I drank my beer. I was really
excited by the time I had tightened them up again and started
using the long whip.
    God! This whip was marvelous. It would leave a wide red mark
in the thicker section on one girl then when the tip came around
it would bury itself in the skin of the other.
    I really got pretty good with it. I could hit a nipple or
bury it into a cunt slit when it came around almost every time
and at the same time see the thicker part burying itself into
breasts or stomachs.
    When I finished that twenty I noticed that Janie was having a
hard time breathing so I took out their gags and loosened the
ropes to their arms. They thanked me for taking out the gags so I
felt a little guilty. Since they were sweating so much I went up
and got a six pack and fed them beer while I drank mine.
    They moaned but seemed to be resigned to it when I tightened
them up again. This time I would face them and just use the tip
of the whip to whip their breasts down and sideways. They turned
their heads sideways and held them back as far as they could with
their eyes shut tight to avoid being hit on the face. On the last
go around I went sideways at their pussies to wrench the lips out
of shape. When I was done there were bloody places all over their
tits, asses, and pussies. I untied them and let them down giving
them another beer. They were finally able to stop sobbing long
enough to drink them.
    Janie asked. "Aren't you going to put in the wires?"
    Shirley gave her a dirty look. She must have been hoping I
had forgotten a bout it.
    "In a little while. They let me rest a few minutes before
they did it. We can put some salve on your welts while we rest. I
had them lay on their backs while I got on my knees between them
and rubbed on the salve. I could see they were beginning to
forget the pain and start to get excited by my caresses so I
said.
    This part doesn't hurt near as much as the whip but it seems
terrible because you are helping. They untied me and made me hold
my tits still while they put the medals in my nipples. Then I had
to spread my legs wide and pinch and pull out the lips of my slit
so they could put it on. It is awful hard to be still but if I
didn't they said they would tie my pussy open with fish hooks and
whip the inside with a barbed wire whip. I was sure they would so
I kept still and even managed not to scream. When they were done
I had to thank them and suck the men's dicks and eat your Mom's
pussy."
    "That must have been awful for you. I have seen Mom's pussy.
It is awful ugly with all that hair and the inner lips hanging
out."
    "Yeah and it smells bad."
    "I love licking your pussy. To make it more of an ordeal you
can spank my butt with the little black whip till you cum."
    "Well I didn't think I would ever want sex again but the love
you guys are showing me to volunteer to be hurt is making me
excited."
    Shirley said, "Oh good! I am so happy for you. Do me first."
    She gripped one of her tits in both hands to push it out to
me. I told Janie to go to the shed and bring back some pliers.
    They hadn't got the wires very sharp with the rough grinding
wheel so I really had to push to get it through the nipples.
Shirley just whimpered and gripped her tit till it was hard. Even
as slow as I pushed them through. They were both stuck evenly
through her nipples when Janie came back. She seemed relieved
Shirley did not seem too upset and watched me avidly while I bent
the wires into a circle then used the pliers to twist the ends
together.
    Then I had another inspiration. I told shirley I had an idea
that might take her mind off the piercing of her pussy. I had her
lay on the floor and then lift up her butt so I could put the
block with all the tacks glued to it under her ass. At first she
was able to hold her ass off the block but when we spread her
legs real wide and had her pull up the right lip to be pierced
her legs began to tremor and her ass slowly came down. By the
time I got to the second wire her ass had spread out on the
block.
    When I was done I clipped off the excess wire where they had
been twisted together and slid the knots around close to the
outer skin. She got up and looked in the mirror. I told her we
would replace them later with real gold rings. She said, "Oh that
will be nice. Say..Do you know all those tacks going into your
butt makes it ache?" 
    "No. I have never sat on it. When Janie is done I will put my
butt on it while you lick my pussy. I want to know if I can still
have an orgasm while I am being hurt."
    Janie was even more stoic than Shirley. She just gritted her
teeth and compressed her lips when they went into her nipples.
Her only comment was, "Gee. I wish I had sharpened them better."
    When I did her pussy she did not even try to keep her ass off
the tacks.
    I felt the need for a strong drink so I sent Shirley upstairs
for a bottle of whisky. She didn't think to bring glasses so we
just passed the bottle around to take slugs out of it to chase
with beer till I felt brave enough to put my ass over the block.
I held it up for quite awhile while Janie ate my pussy and
Shirley ran her tongue around and in my ass hole but finally I
was beating my ass into the block while I orgasmd till I nearly
made hamburger out of it.
    Shirley was right. The tacks did make it ache so we massaged
each others butts with salve till the ache went away and then
fell into the king-size bed together to cuddle until we went to
sleep. 
    I couldn't get over how powerful my orgasms had been when I
was beating my ass against the tacks and when I actually became
afraid Lew and Bob were going to kill me. I wanted to get that
feeling again.
    Shirley and Janie's vaginas became infected from the cuts I
had inflicted on them with the whip and the rusty wire. It was
not a big deal. With my knowledge of medicine and antibiotics
from the veterinarian supply I had them completely cured in a few
days. I used this to convince them I should be punished since my
cunt had not been cut by Lew or Bob.
    We had never used the tack table because I had insisted we
use carpet tack which were longer and thicker than thumb-tacks.
Lance accidentally fell against and pushed his hand into it which
had caused a lot of blood. He bought some sponge rubber thick
enough to put on top of the tacks which barely let the points
come through to stick me when I sat on it.
    As far as I was concerned that made it useless and I was
pissed since my arrangement to lower someone onto the table to be
stuck just above the knees to just below the neck was ingenious.
    We found drive chain and gear pulleys to match at a farm
store and then two geared down variable speed motors to turn the
gears so we could slowly raise or lower someone who was tied to
the bars at each end. Even with the sponge rubber on top he was
able to pull my arms and legs down to the floor hard enough to
leave tiny punctures on my whole front while he hit my back,
butt, and upper legs with a paddle. I remembered straining to
pull my body down deeper into the tacks. He would never do it
again since there was some blood and he was afraid I would get
infected.
    I decided to eliminate that possibility. I ripped off the
sponge rubber and poured bleach over the whole table to disinfect
the tacks. Then I laid on my stomach on the floor while they
stretched me out as tight as they could by pulling the chains
attached to my wrist and ankle cuffs as hard as they could and
then hooking the links of the chain to the bar. 
    When they had me hanging from the bars while they moved the
table back under me my back was bowed with my stomach at the
bottom of the curve so when they lowered me inch by inch I felt
the tacks entering the skin on my stomach first then my breasts
and then my mons pubis. Finally my thighs were pulled tight to
the table and my arms were pulled down till my breasts flattened
against the table. I was in orgasm before they even started
paddling me but they kept getting stronger and stronger until I
fainted.
    When I came to the girls were crying while slathering salve
on the front of my body. I could feel their fingers touch every
one of the hundreds of punctures. I flinched when Shirley touched
my clitoris which evidentally had also been stuck.
    Janie cried, "Oooh Heather. We are so sorry. You never
screamed so we did not know how bad you were being hurt till
Shirley noticed some blood dripping from the table."
    "Don't feel bad Janie. I told you guys to do it. I just
didn't know it would be that bad either. Didn't I scream? I swear
I thought I was."
    "No. You just moaned and squirmed. Oh Heather, You are so
brave! I know I deserve it but please don't do that to me."
    "I won't as long as you are good. Now just leave me alone. I
am very tired and need some sleep."
    They ran upstairs. I really was tired but I managed to get
off one more time by pinching my punctured clit and nipples
before I went to sleep."
    The girls must have been checking on me because when I opened
my eyes Shirley was standing by the bed holding a tray with a
glass of whiskey and a bottle of beer. I took a shot of the
whisky and drank the beer thirstily. Shirley moved to the foot of
the bed to stand next to Janie and I noticed through my bleary
eyes that they were wearing panties and bras. "Why are you
wearing clothes?"
    "We made them for you by threading cockleburs together with
string. I know it is nothing next to the tacks but there is pain
all the time and more when we move. See?"
    They moved up to the side of the bed so I could have a closer
look and slowly made a full turn. they hade made four inch
circles for their nipples and a V for their crotches. Both were
held tightly against them by strings going around their backs and
up the cracks of their butts. I had Shirley lean over the bed
while I pulled out the top of her burr g-string. The skin below
it was very red with tiny scratches.
    Janie said, "You could spank us with the strap while we are
wearing them if you like."
    I was too tired to want to do that at that time. So I told
them that it was enough just to wear them for me. I had Shirley
make us some BLT sandwiches while Janie got on her hands and
knees above me so she could tongue my pussy while I pulled and
loosened the strings to her G-string.
    After eating I had another inspiration. I had remembered
seeing some gilt paint. I used it to spray their bras and g-
strings.
    "That is great! You look like go-go dancers. Dance for me."
    Evidentally Shirley had been working with Janie. They were
both really good. It was a kick to watch them work up to an
orgasm while they danced with the burrs digging into them. They
ended up with Shirley on her back and Janie on top grinding their
breasts and crotches into each other.
    After that I let them take off the outfits and just wait on
me and lick on my ass and pussy for the rest of the night.
    The next day Lance flew in so I had them dance for them then
he gave them a wimpy spanking for being "naughty" then butt
fucked both of them. He asked me to walk out to his car with him.
    "Heather I am bored with these bimboes. They are just too
easy. It isn't even fun to whip them since they like it. Why
don't we just drop them off in Seattle or Portland and look for
somebody new."
    "Are you crazy! They have no idea how to make it in the
streets. They would probably starve or get picked up and tell the
cops their sad story about how we abandoned them."
    "Well they are all yours, Heather. I found a bashful virgin I
was able to fuck and get to parade around naked. That is more fun
to me because it is more of a challenge."
    "Yeah, well you aren't likely to find virgins over fifteen.
If they get pissed off. You may be looking at statutory rape
charges."
    "No chance. These girls would not admit to being fucked if
they had to talk with their mouth full of dick! I am careful to
convince them they are better off without me."
    I had Lance fly us to Portland to do some shopping and to get
a decent dinner. He said that since the girls danced so well we
should enter them in an amateur nude dancing contest. They won
first and second place easily. They came back to our table
flushed and happy and were even more proud when the manager of
the dive came over and offered them a job saying they could make
three hundred dollars a night easy from table dancing tips.
    Lance was obviously disappointed when they turned him down.
    "Are you guys crazy? You could make big money while you got
to show off your bodies. You know you liked dancing naked in
front of all these guys."
    Janie answered, "Yes it was exciting this first time but it
would get boring after awhile."
    Shirley joined in, "Yeah Lance. Look at the professional
dancers. They are bored stiff."
    You couldn't  argue the point. Most of them went through the
motions expressionless as if they were sleepwalking.
    When we got back I walked Lance to his car.
    "Well Heather, you can forget about locking up the place. It
looks like you have slaves till they drop dead from old age. I
won't be up unless I can't get laid by an innocent one for a
week."
    It was his own fault. He had no imagination and didn't really
want to hurt them. Since he just wanted a fuck and suck he was
better off with his virgins. I had ideas to hurt and humiliate
them for years.
    I had to admit I also became bored at times. Once on a trip
to Seattle I entered a nude dancing contest. It was a little
exciting but since it was against the law for anyone to touch me
I was just in the nude the same as I was every day. I didn't even
bother to dance in the last round. I thought it could have been
very exciting if someone had been fucking me in front of the
audience or even better whipping me.
    I couldn't get the girls to really hurt me. They either did
not want to hurt me or else the fact that I would want to do
everything to them that they did to me held them back.
    I kept dwelling on the church. It seemed to hold the answer.
I would be naked and whipped in front of a lot of people. I held
back for a long time since what I had seen and felt was pretty
scary. The more I thought about it the more I rationalized. I
decided that they hadn't put on any permanent scars and that I
had experienced some monster orgasms. 
    I didn't want to look too rich so I went to Sears and bought
some plain jane bra and panties, a slip, an opaque blouse, and a
suit. I wanted gobs of clothes for them to take off of me.
    I went to their house the next wednesday. I almost changed my
mind when I parked in front but then thought that they could
never hurt me too badly because if it got too bad I would faint.
    Lew looked really surprised when he answered my knock.
    "Well I'll be damned! Bob said you would be back but I didn't
believe him. I thought if you came back you would have a cop with
you." He stopped for a moment then went on. "It wouldn't have
done you any good to go to the cops you know. It would just have
been your word against ours. Three to one."
    Yeah, right. All the whip marks would not have proven
anything. I told him I couldn't go to the cops because I deserved
what I got and besides I would be too embarrassed. He relaxed
then and invited me in. Bob and Carrie were sitting at the
kitchen table drinking beer.
    Bob jumped up out of his chair grinning and said, Well son of
a bitch! What are you doing here"
    "I have been feeling guilty for a long time for sneaking out
and stealing the medals you worked so hard to make." Naturally I
had taken out the shitty medals as soon as I could and replaced
them with gold rings but I had put them back for tonight.
    Bob said, "Yeah that did piss me off. I want them back and
you deserve a whipping. Where are they?"
    God I felt myself getting wet just thinking about it but I
didn't want them to do it.
    "I am wearing them. Our preacher said stealing was not only
an offense against man it is also an offense to God. I could be
forgiven if I am whipped at church."
    "Well we would still be whipping you. You had better take off
the medals now. The preacher wouldn't like it if he thought you
wanted to be whipped."
    I took off my clothes and let Bob slide out the medals. He
pinched my nipples and pussy lips hard enough to make me gasp and
then said, "Jesus. I would like to whip her right now but it will
be better if she doesn't have any marks and we will have to hurry
if we are going to get there in time."
    I didn't have any marks because I had not let the girls whip
me for almost two weeks so I could be really desperate for a
session.
    They had me put back on my clothes except for the suit
jacket. Bob had ne suck his dick till he came and then lick his
dick, balls and ass-hole till we got to the church.
    Lew ran in front of us to tell the preacher then came back to
join us.
    "The preacher was real glad we are here. There was only one
other woman to punish and contributions are always better if
there are two or more. He said you had the worst sin so you would
be last."
    "What will he do to me?"
    "He didn't say except that we would be using the thong whip
since it was your first time."
    That was great! I didn't really want to get cut up. My main
fantasy was to be whipped in front of a lot of people. The word
must have gotten out about the Wednesday meeting. The place was
packed.
    As usual we had to listen to a bunch of bigoted chauvinistic
bull shit but I didn't mind since I was lost in daydreams of the
excitement forthcoming. Finally he finished with the bullshit.
    "Our first sinner took the family food money to buy herself a
fancy brassier. When she has learned her lesson she won't care
about brassieres for awhile."
    They brought out this bleached blonde wearing a plain house
dress. She fought them till her husband slapped her face really
hard a few times. Then she just hung her head and whimpered. They
took off her dress. She was pretty fat with huge boobs. Some
fancy bra! It was one of those heavy duty jobs from Sears and if
anybody needed one it was her. When they took off her bra they
dropped down half-way to her belly-button. When they took off her
panties they revealed a black hairy pussy that left no doubt her
hair was bleached. They hooked the log to her ankles and her
wrist to the ceiling and lifted her till the log was off the
floor. This made her body look better but she was still pretty
fat. Then the lights went out and the spotlight went on.
    Again the voice boomed, "Do not let her hide her shame."
    I expected one of the men to get the clippers but they fooled
me. The men on each side of her just reached down and grabbed
hair and ripped it out of her crotch. She was screaming like mad
by the time it was bald which must have irritated the preacher
because he came out of the dark and put a gag in her mouth.
    Then they went to her sides and took turns whipping the shit
out of those pendulous hooters with thick cowboy belts. When they
were completely covered with welts one of the men went behind her
and pulled her tits up to her chin by the nipples so the other
man could get to the underside till they were completely covered.
Then they let her hang so I thought since it was a boob sin they
were just going to whip the boobs. Actually they just let her
calm down a little and then turned her around and began whipping
her ass. She was so fat her ass-cheeks bounced around with every
blow and the skin rippled clear up her back. When they finished
welting her ass they turned her around again to face us and then
they tied strings around her nipples and pulled her tits up and
tied the strings around her neck pulling the nipples to their
maximum.
    "The booming voice said, "That is all the bra you need."
    I thought this was it but then the preacher walked out of the
dark with a rubber hose. He stood in front of her then began
swinging the hose like a windmill burying it in her pussy with up
swipes till her head fell forward in a faint and the stage lights
went back on.
    While they took her down and dragged her off stage Bob and
Lew took hold of my arms and led me up the steps to the stage. I
must have been the best looking girl they had seen for awhile
because they started to whistle and applaud before I even got to
center stage. I stood there with my legs shaking with excitement
while the preacher told the audience I was a thief.
    Then they proceeded to take off my clothes. It was much more
exciting than stripping for the nude contest. No-one looked bored
as they had in the strip club and they cheered even for my blouse
and skirt which didn't really reveal anything. They really got
carried away when my slip came off and kept it up for my bra. Lew
ripped off my panties and then they grabbed my thighs and pulled
my legs apart. Evidentally the preacher had looked questionably
at my bald pussy because Lew said, "To save time we shaved her at
home." I looked over to the preacher in time to see a look of
disappointment. Evidentally this was one of his favorite parts. 
    They hooked on the log and pulled me up. That damn log was
heavy. It really put a strain on my arms and shoulders. Then the
house lights went on catching a lot of people rubbing their
crotches and the preacher said, "Everybody who has had something
stolen from them. Hold up your hands."
    Almost everybody held up their hands and the preacher said,
    "All right. Those of you have been robbed can come up here
and give her five lashes."
    "Shit! That would be hundreds of lashes. I consoled myself
that if it got too bad I would faint."
    People started coming up the steps and they gave whips to the
first in line. The one on my right would hit my front and the one
on the left hit my back. after about the twentieth lash the
preacher noticed that people were moving from the line to my left
over to the line on my right so I got a break while he told them
to give me one on the front and then one on the back no matter
which line they were in. At least I would get them evenly. I
found out early the women were the worst. They always went for
the nipples or the center of my pussy. Even if they were hitting
my back the lash would come around to hit a nipple or would come
up between my legs. I was cumming by about the fiftieth lash and
passed out around the seventieth.
    Passing out didn't end it! I woke up just as the second
bucket of icy cold water splashed against my face and tits. I was
so sensitive by now I passed out at about the fortieth. Again
they threw buckets of water at me. My body was on fire from my
calves to my shoulders front and back at thirty more I passed out
again.
    When I woke up again I was lying on my back on the floor. I
thought it was all over till I noticed my wrists were now tied to
my thighs at the crotch and then saw the logs slowly going up in
the air pulling my legs up with it. They lifted me till my head
was off the floor. They started in again! It was even worse now
because my pussy and inner thighs was such an easy target. It
seemed to go on forever and with all the blood in my head I
couldn't pass out. I screamed till I was hoarse. 
    Suddenly it stopped. I hung there sobbing for a few minutes
while the preacher babbled about something and then pulled my
head forward as the log and my legs started down until I was
lying on my back. They let me lie there for a few minutes until I
stopped sobbing and went to shuddering breaths then Lew and Bob
helped me to my feet.
    They set up a reception line for Christ's sake. Men and women
would pass in front of me shaking my hand or worse hugging my
burning body while congratulating me on being saved or being
brave. One lady caught my attention when she said, "You are a
real healthy girl. Most girls would have been cut to pieces you
only have a little blood on your crotch." 
    I looked down at my body at least as much of it that I could
over my throbbing tits. She was right! I could not believe it I
swore I felt blood running down my body but it must have been
sweat. I was one big welt but there was only a little bit of
blood on my thighs which must have come from my pussy which hurt
beyond belief.
    As the reception line continued I found myself thanking them
for their compliments on my beauty, bravery, and salvation. When
I looked back on that I realized I should have been spitting on
them. They were the ones who were getting such a great kick out
of whipping me and laughing when they made me scream.
    The line lasted so long I was breathing normally and much of
the pain had turned to heat. They washed off my blood and sweat
with cold water before they began to dress me. I begged them not
to put on my clothes because I did not want anything rubbing
against me.
    They led me out to the car and I tried to keep my skin off
the seat by pressing my shoulders against the back of the seat
and holding my body off with my legs. I was just too tired to
hold this position and slowly sunk down. My skin was so sensitive
I could feel every tear and imperfection of the upholstery. Bob
was so horny he was shaking so I pretended I was asleep. He
tested me by lifting my tits but I managed to hold myself just to
moans and shudders as he squeezed my red, swollen boobies. He was
evidentally satisfied I was out of it because he sat back on the
seat and began to talk to Lew.
    "That fucking preacher really got carried away. Her twat and
ass-hole is a mess. He screwed up my chances to fuck her or to
whip her. Her skin is so weak by now a lash with a wet noodle
would bleed."
    "Hey Bob. Don't worry about it. We will keep her a few days
until she heals some."
    "I don't think so. I think she is at the last straw. If we
work her over now we may end up with cops all over our ass. She
came back once. If we are easy on her she will probably come back
again and we will keep her to ourselves. Why should we let the
preacher get his jollies with her and get all those extra
contributions because she is pretty."
    "Damn! I was looking forward to whipping her tits and hanging
medals all over her cunt, tits and ass. Maybe we could just keep
her till we are tired of her."
    "That's kidnapping you fucking idiot. On top of that her
folks are rich. We would have cops, the FBI and private
detectives looking for us."
    "Maybe you are right. We can settle for blow-jobs and we can
use Carrie to show her how we want her to act when she comes
back."
    Thank god Bob had convinced him. He carried me to Janie's bed
and tucked me in. I went to sleep to the sound of slaps and moans
from Carrie and slept soundly to late morning. 
    I finally had to get up to pee and they heard me get up to go
to the bathroom. Bob was waiting at the door when I came out.
    "The nights rest did you a lot of good. You healed up pretty
good."
    "Well a lot of the red is gone but I am still covered with
welts and my pussy and ass-hole are really sore."
    "Yeah but we put salve on them last night and checked this
morning. All the little cuts have stopped bleeding and nothing
looks infected. Don't worry though we won't whip you any more.
Come on into the kitchen. We will have some coffee and breakfast
if you want it."
    I settled for coffee. It was a good thing because I would
have probably thrown up food. They looked at me speculatively
while I finished my coffee then Lew said,    
    "We were pretty nice to you. We just put you to bed and let
you sleep. Don't you want to thank us?
    I didn't have to be told how to thank them. I knelt if front
of Lew and pulled down his shorts and sucked him till I felt his
dick jump in my mouth as he came. Then I did the same with Bob. I
started over to Carrie who was wearing an old robe when Lew
stopped me."
    You don't have to do Carrie yet. She has to earn it. We are
pretty proud of Carrie. When Janie ran off we put Carrie on a
diet and exercised her, she has lost thirty pounds and turned the
rest of the fat to muscle. Take off your robe and show her,
Carrie."
    The change was fantastic! All the rolls around her stomach
was gone, her ass was firm and her tits looked like they shrunk
about two sizes and did not sag nearly as much. She turned in
front of me proudly and positively beamed when I said she was
beautiful. I could see now where Janie had inherited her beauty.
with a little good make-up Carrie could have been truly lovely.
Lew said, "Carrie, when Heather was here last time she ate your
pussy. Wouldn't you like to return the favor?"
    "Yes Sir. If you want me to Sir."
    This was new too. When I was there before she had been an
equal partner in whipping me and demanding to have her pussy and
ass eaten. Obviously she had lost some privileges.
    "I knew you would. Heather might need some working up to it.
Come over and get this whip and ask Heather to give you ten
lashes on each of your tits. Heather. If we don't think you hit
her hard enough we will give you twenty."
    I did not need this warning. I was looking forward to getting
even with her for the way she worked my tits over. 
    She went over and picked up the thonged whip and brought it
over to me. Then she put her hands behind her head, pushed out
her tits, closed her eyes, and compressed her lips.
    I hit her as hard as I could while tears ran from her eyes
and she screamed through her nose. When I was done she began to
sob and caress and comfort her beaten boobies while I said,
    "Was that hard enough, Sir?"
    Hey. You learn fast. From now on you will call Bob and me
Sir. If you forget you will be punished. Now get up on the table.
Carrie will eat you till you cum. Just to make sure she works
hard we will be spanking her ass and pussy."
    Carrie was really in for it. Considering how sore my pussy
was and since I planned to do math problems in my head it was
going to take a long time to get me off. 
    I thought it would hurt at first but she was really gentle
and I found myself getting in to it. Bob was standing beside her
ass with the black snake whip and Lew was behind her with a wide
leather strap. They stood silently waiting for me to show some
excitement and as soon as I did Bob started hitting her across
her ass-cheeks and Lew began bringing the strap up between her
legs. In a few moments I forgot all about doing math when her
tongue drove into my pussy and her nose hit my clit at every lash
she got. When I couldn't cum anymore they helped me up to a chair
and gave me a beer to drink while I watched Carrie whimper and
caress her sore spots.
    Bob looked at my back and said, "You probably have some
special salve at home. You probably better go home and put some
on. Just jumping around on the table has got some of your welts
oozing blood. When you come back we will expect you to call us
Sir and to offer some ways to punish you. If we don't like your
suggestion we will do one of mine."
    Bob went out to the car to get my clothes and Lew followed
him out.
    Carrie got on her knees and literally begged,
    "Please Heather! Don't ever come back. You have made my life
pure hell. They never knew a woman could take so much punishment
without going to a doctor before you came. Now that they saw what
you took at church it will be even worse. They have changed. Now
they make me come up with a new idea they can use to punish me or
else they will do their favorite. I can't stand their favorite
and neither will you. They take me out to the garage and squeeze
my tits in the vise to hold me in position then they run a wire
from the vise to the bumper of the car and hook another wire to a
spark-plug and then whip me with it. They told me the wire is
carrying twenty thousand volts. It hurts so terrible I have tried
to tear my tits off to get away. I am running out of ideas and I
am afraid they will kill me if they hook me to the vise again."
    "Why don't you run away or go to the police?"
    "I tried to run away. They caught me and hung me up for two
days and nights whipping me with everything they could think of.
They didn't let me down until my cuts got infected and I ran a
fever. By the time I was well enough to go to the cops most of
the marks were gone. The cops went and got them but they told the
cop they had caught me giving a blow-job to a nigger dope-dealer
and the cops said I had the whipping coming and let them go."
    I told her I would hide some money under the bush in front of
their place and for her to wait until they were going to be gone
for a while fishing or hunting and use the money to catch the
first bus out of town and go as far as the money could take her.
    "Where will I go and what will I do? I have never had a job.
I don't have any friends or relatives."
    "You can always be a whore now that you look so good. You
like being fucked you might as well make some money doing it.
Just go to a big town. They won't find you. They never found
Janie."
    "You are probably right. They only looked for her in this
town and about twenty miles around. They won't know I have any
money."
    I don't know if she did it or not. I left two hundred dollar
bills under the bush. I never went back and don't intend to since
it took so long for me to heal."
    I knew I would have to drive to the ranch since I couldn't
reach my back to put on the salve or to disinfect some cuts. I
knew they would ask me what happened and did not want to admit my
stupidity in going to the church so I concocted a story that I
knew would excite Shirley.
    I told them that I had been arrested for speeding and
drinking. I had begged the cop not to arrest me because my father
would take my car away and would beat me up. The cop seemed
interested in the part of me being beaten and told me that there
was no way I could get out of the offense then added that in the
old days criminals were whipped. If I would agree to that my
father would never know. I told them I signed an agreement that
confessed I was guilty and agreed to be whipped. I knew the idea
of such an agreement was ridiculous but I was also sure the girls
would believe it. They did and clamored  for details. I decided
to incorporate a new torture device that Lance was supposed to
make for me.
    I told them they took me underground to a basement that was
sound proof and then tied me to two wheels with my arms strapped
outside the smaller wheel and then my legs to the outside of the
bigger wheel so I could be turned around like a chicken on a
barbecue spit. I told them I was stretched so tight my body just
formed a small curve when they turned me facing the ceiling or
the floor. The cop who had arrested me whipped me first then made
me suck him off and then the other cop who had come down with
him. They left me hanging there all night and I would yell every
time the door open for another cop to come in who was on break or
going off duty. Then I remembered the big butch dike who had
taken my money for a parking ticket and added tearfully that the
lady cops had whipped me too and one of the lady cops was really
big and had me eat her smelly pussy. Shirley broke in at that
point.
    "Oh Yes! I have seen her drinking coffee and eating doughnuts
at the mall. She looks awful mean!
    If they had any doubt over my story that convinced them.
    Janie said, "I can see how that whipping thing would work.
All they had to do was turn her sideways to stick their dicks in
her mouth. Did anyone hit you easy enough and long enough for you
to have an orgasm?"
    "No the first five hit me so hard that when I did get one
that hit me easier my body was so sore it would still hurt too
much."
    Shirley really looked excited, "Oh that is too bad. If they
hadn't hit so hard it would have been terribly exciting! How many
cops hit you?"
    "I don't know twenty or so I think. At the end I was so out
of it some of the first ones could have come back again."
    "I believe that! You look as if you were hit hundreds of
times."
    "Yes and the worst part was I never knew when it would be
over and I never knew when the door would open up and a new
person would be there to whip me again."
    They mothered me for the next few days keeping salve on me
and catering to my smallest whim. They were always offering to
eat me or to fuck me with dildoes. I never had to move a muscle.
They did all the work. 
    Once in awhile I would be awakened from one of my orgasm
induced naps by the sound of power tools in the basement. On the
third day they said they had a surprise.
    They took me down to the basement to show me how they had
taken the wheels off an old hay rake that had been by the barn
and mounted them between the big wooden door and a supporting
post between the floor and ceiling. They were really proud of
their job and jerked on the sides of the wheels to show me how
they had made them real strong with bolts through the wood and
center of the wheel.
    Janie said, "Shirley has been dying of excitement to see how
you felt. I hope you aren't mad at us for taking the wheels off
the rake."
    I told them I was not mad at all but she still wouldn't
really know since I could not bear to keep her on the device over
four hours and of course Janie and I would not hit her as hard as
they had me.
    Shirley said, "That is alright. I don't want to be hurt as
bad as you were. I just want to get an idea of what is was like.
Can we do it now?"
    We had her lay on a table while we tightened the ropes as
tight as we could since the wheels were too far apart to tie her
wrists and ankles directly to them. When we pulled the table out
from under her stomach sagged down as her legs and arms stretched
even more.
    "Oh wow! This is wild! The joints at my shoulders and hips
feel like they are being pulled apart. It hurts a little already.
Do they get numb later?"
    Of course I had no idea so I told her that I didn't want her
to know anything that I hadn't and she would find out. 
    For the next four hours we took turns whipping her and having
her eat us after her twenty or thirty lashes. Sometimes we would
strap on the dildo and fuck her in the ass or pussy and then have
her lick it off after we used it on her.
    After the first couple of hours she would start whimpering
and moaning "No...No" as soon as she heard the basement door
open. I thought Janie would feel sorry for her but when Shirley
begged her to let her down she just said, "You asked for this,
bitch. I went to a lot of work to make it. Maybe you will think
twice before you volunteer for anything else." Then she whipped
her pussy and used our biggest dildo to shove and twist in her
cunt."
    When we took her down I expected her to whine about our
meanness but instead she said, "Oh Heather, You are so brave and
strong. I could never have taken twelve hours of that the way you
did. I would have been in a coma or dead. I wouldn't mind doing
it again sometime for an hour especially if you guys could wear
police uniforms. The first hour I began to orgasm before you even
got to me from the door."
    By this time I had graduated from high school and had
convinced my parents college was not necessary to continue my
career in real estate. Since Lance had located some other
property from his airplane that looked good we had made some easy
money. We really got lucky on one place which was in the path of
a freeway. Since Dad had some influence they put the exits on our
property so we were able to sell the land for a mint to be used
by motels, restaurants and mini-markets. Mom had flunked out of
college so her only objection was that I would not be able to
meet suitable boys to marry. Dad convinced her that I would meet
a lot of influential people in my business, country clubs, and
travel so she gave her blessing and I moved into the ranch
permanently doing a complete remodel including a swimming pool.
This really made the girls happy and they spent most of their
spare time sunbathing and swimming nude.
    Lance began to bitch about having to fly us around so I
decided to get my license. There was a really good looking
instructor standing by a plane being refueled so I asked about
him. I was told he had all the licenses to teach me all the way
from a private pilot, to instrument, and then commercial if I
wanted it. I arrange to lease a Cessna 150 on a six month lease
then he went out to tell the instructor but he had taken off with
his student. I told his boss he could bring the Cessna out to my
place on wednesday and gave him my unlisted number so he could
call me and let me know when he was coming.
    The next wednesday the girls were sunbathing nude while
listening to rock music cranked up to the maximum while I was in
the basement finishing up a new torture device.
    Suddenly I heard the doorbell ring. I cussed all the way up
the stairs on the assumption the girls had locked themselves up.
I was wearing a t-shirt and jeans to keep the sawdust off my
sweaty body. When I opened the door the instructor was there
enjoying the view of the girls lying facing him on deck-chairs
wearing nothing but sun glasses. 
    I yelled to the girls that we had company and they bolted to
the shower room to put on their robes.
    I was mad and told him I told his boss he was to call me
before he came out. He apologized.
    "I'm sorry. I didn't know it was a big deal. He told me you
would be here all day so when I took the plane up to make sure it
was alright I decided just to come on over and practice a landing
with the engine out. You have a great air strip. Why have you
marked it closed with the X's on the ends."
    "It is a private field. We don't want anyone uninvited to
land here."
    Before I could go on the girls came over wearing their robes.
    Shirley said, "We are sorry we embarrassed you by sunbathing
nude. You should give us a spanking."
    Before I could answer Curt, the instructor said,
    "Yes she should. When I caught my sister sunbathing nude I
spanked her with my belt."
    He was grinning but seemed serious so I said, Well we are all
agreed you should be spanked and you are the ones who should be
embarrassed so Curt should do it.
    Curt looked at me curiously and said, "Do you mean it? I will
be more than happy to do it."
    I knew the girls would love it since they had not been
spanked by a man for a long time so I let them answer. 
    "Girls, I am sure you need the spanking. If you agree lean
over the porch rail."
    They raced over to the rail and leaned over it and held on to
the rungs. I took off his belt and then went over and flipped
their robes over their heads.
    "They just had their eighteenth birthday give them eighteen
each."
    He could hardly wait. He hit them easy at first but when they
didn't protest he started hitting them harder and harder till the
belt was a blur and deep red stripes appeared across their cheeks
and thighs. When he quit after the thirty six lashes he was
shaking with excitement watching the girls still in position
wiggling their hips trying to find something to rub their pussies
against.
    I saw his dick tenting out his pants so I unzipped his pants
and held it while I said,
    "That really excites you doesn't it?"
    "Oh god yes! My sister would never let me do it again."
    " Would you like to whip them on their breasts and pussy?"
    "Oh Jesus! Really? Oh yes!"
    "Alright you can whip their fronts while I give you a blow-
job. Try to hold off because when you cum you will have to stop."
    I went over to the girls and took off their robes and told
them to face us and hold onto the rail with their hands. Then I
placed him between them and told hem to forehand Janie and back
hand Shirley while I worked his dick into my throat. He really
tried to hold off but when it was obvious janie and Shirley was
in orgasm he almost drowned me in cum. Either he was super
excited or had not been laid for quite awhile."
    We went into the house and I sent Shirley to get us some beer
while I took off my clothes and told him to take off his. He had
a lean strong body when he sat on the couch Janie pulled on his
legs to get his ass to the edge and began to lovingly lick on his
dick and balls. When Shirley came back she joined her.
    Curt rubbed their heads with his hands while he said,
    "Oh shit. I have been doing nothing but instrument training
lately. I thought I was going to be bored stiff teaching a new
student. My ass-hole boss didn't even tell me how beautiful you
are." He continued to stoke their heads while his dick began to
grow and then went on, "Jesus. I really hit them hard but they
didn't seem to care. They liked it!"
    "You are a really good looking guy. Haven't you ever gone
with a girl that like to be spanked?"
    "Well I had a girl once that let me give her a birthday
spanking with my hand. She would let me spank her if she pissed
me off too. It seemed to make her excited, but I didn't try to
use my belt since my sister had been so pissed off she threatened
to have me arrested"
    "Maybe you should have. She probably would have liked it."
    "Maybe. Her father got transferred and I never saw her again.
I have been looking for a girl like her since she left. How did
you find these girls?"
    I explained that they had unhappy lives at home and decided
to stay with me. I found out that they liked to be whipped and I
liked to whip them but they had been missing not having a
boyfriend.
    He had a lot more staying power than Lance. He was able to
fuck all three of us and still sixty-nine me before we went to
sleep in the eight foot by eight foot bed I had made special.
    The next morning he said he would give me my first flying
lesson. I think he needed the rest because I got a lesson every
day from then on and now have ratings as an instrument commercial
pilot.
    By the second week we had worked him up to using full-
fledged whips and on the third week we showed him the torture
chamber. He quit his job and moved in with us after that.
    My life is wonderful now. He knows exactly the amount of
punishment we need to get glorious orgasms. I bought a Cherokee
Lance which is like the six except it has retractable wheels and
is turbo-charged so we can fly above the bad weather. He likes to
enter us in nude dance contests in Canada and California. Our
incentive is that the winner gets to whip the losers till they
pass out. I have been able to beat Shirley a few times.
    I knew he was a man I could stay with forever when Shirley
got appendicitis and he was willing to help me operate on her. He
said, "What the hell. If she dies we can just fly her out over
the ocean and drop her out of the plane. She will never be
found."
    We got a general anesthetic and all the drugs and other
supplies we needed from a veterinarian supply house. She made a
complete recovery and thinks she owes her life to us. 
    We are both getting a little bored with Janie and Shirley.
Curt suggested we find a girl that really hates being hurt. We
have been looking for someone we can pick up without being
noticed. We aren't interested in Hookers since they are already
beaten down and have had all forms of sex. 
    We have been checking out a lot out of town high schools.
Maybe we will find one in your neighborhood.

                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





