BDSM Library - Jan




Jan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This overweight girl goes to personal trainer who punishes for unsatisfactory performance.
Jan
by Allene

Story of jan. jane,lance driscoll mike

  The combination of being educated in a girl's catholic school and being
chubby kept me from dating very much. 
  By my sophomore year I was tired of being teased about my weight and
also became jealous of the slim girls who always had boys hanging around
them at the mall so I turned out for gymnastics.
  It was a real revelation. I had never seen other girls naked before but
now we showered together and I could really see how fat I looked in
comparison to the other girls. I went on a diet and worked hard but I was
pretty clumsy and stiff. Our school had corporal punishment but I had
always been mousy and never did anything wrong to be spanked.
  This didn't help me in gymnastics. Our teacher expected perfection and
when she didn't get it we would have to lay over a vaulting horse to be
spanked with an eighteen inch wood ruler. It didn't hurt too bad and I
tried to be brave. The fact that I could take it without crying and
carrying on like some of the other girls gave me a lot of respect from
the other girls. Unfortuneately this also encouraged the teacher to hit
me harder since she thought I was just not very sensitive rather than
brave. I really tried hard and by my senior year I had a tiny waist to
accentuate my big boobies and round bottom and had learned grace. I had
bloomed too late for many dates so I remained a virgin after graduation.
  I hoped to have some dates and fun that summer but my Dad used his
influence to get me a job as a legal secretary for a lawyer in Seattle.
  It was really exciting. My folks helped me move and Dad let me stay in
a little farm house on thirty acres he had bought as an investment for
when the suburbs would grow to it and make it valuable. He even bought me
a cute little car to commute in.I thought that in a town this big I would
meet a lot of boys.
  I was wrong. There was only my boss and an older lady in the office and
since I lived alone in the boonies I did not have any social contacts. 
  I had plenty of money since I had no rent or car payments to make so I
spent most of my time shopping. I also tried to meet people at art
galleries and even went to a few bars but I guess I was too shy because I
was just ignored.
  My sedentary job and eating from boredom made me gain weight. When I
mentioned it to Alice, the older woman in the office, she agreed I was
becoming puffy and suggested I see a personal trainer her niece had used
to get a fabulous physique. She dug around in her purse until she found
his card with a note that visits were thirty dollars an hour. That
sounded like a lot but after carrying the card a few weeks I decided that
I could afford at least an hour per week and made an appointment.
  I wore a baggy sweat shirt and cut off at the knees sweat pants. 
  He was gorgeous. He was wearing a tank top and little satin shorts that
showed off his muscles and a big lump in his shorts where his penis would
be. I blushed when I realized I was staring at the lump.
  He looked at me disapprovingly and said, "That costume will not do at
all. I need to see your muscles working. What size do you wear?"
  When I told him he dug around in a drawer until he found a sack with my
size on it then told me to go into the bathroom to put it on. He also
told me that if I was wearing panties or bra to take them off because he
did not want my blood restricted.
  When I was naked I opened the sack to find that the costume was
essentially a tank type bathing suit except it was made from the same
material as a mans white t-shirt and that a zipper ran from the cleavage
between my legs to the top of the back of the suit. There was a mirror in
the bathroom. When I looked into it I saw that it was no more revealing
than the exercise leotard I wore at school except there was no extra
material at my nipples or crotch so the bumps on my breasts made it plain
where my nipples were and the zipper dug into the slit of my pussy to
make the lips puff out around it. I had been shaving the hair off of it
for years so no hair would work out around the edges of my costume at
meets so there was no telltale dark area at my crotch. I decided it was
sexy but respectable and went out to start the program.
  He started with aerobics and I became instantly aware that the suit
gave absolutely no support to my breasts. They were jumping around like
mad especially at the side-straddle hop but he did not seem to notice so
I relaxed and let them bob.
  I also found out that lifting my arms pulled up on the shoulder straps
to make the bulge of material at the back of the zipper rub on my
clitoris. I began to feel my excitement build up with the heat I was
generating from aerobics.
  I was really out of shape and was panting when he said, "I think you
are warmed up enough for the weight training."
  That was an understatement! I was drenched in perspiration. When he led
me over to a weight machine I saw myself in a wall mirror and found my
sweat had made the thin white cotton of the suit transparent. My breasts
and nipples were fully visible and the zipper had buried itself in my
slit to tighten the material over my puffy vaginal lips to make it
visible too. To make it even more embaressing it was really high cut on
my legs and the suit had worked itself into the crack of my butt to bare
most of my bottom cheeks. I blushed clear to my navel as I pulled the
seat out of my butt crack but he didn't seem to notice.
  We began weight training with him resting his hand on whatever muscle
was being worked. My excitement continued to climb especially when I did
leg lifts and his hand was on my lower stomach just above my slit. 
  Finally he said that was enough for the day and that he would give me a
Swedish massage to loosen up the muscles. That sounded good as all my
muscles were aching. I had only received massages before just to areas I
had hurt so I had no idea what a Swedish massage was and had never been
massaged by a man.
  He took me over to a strange table with leather on top of foam rubber
shaped in a "Y" He picked me up and laid me face down on it pulling my
legs apart to fit on the hinged open part then he went over to a big clay
pot and took a handful of little willow switches out of the water. I
began to be alarmed and said, "You aren't going to hurt me are you?"
  "No. Of course not. These will just bring your blood to the surface to
make you a helthy pink and make sure your muscles have a good blood
supply for the massage."
  He pulled my arms down to my side then pulled them up by the elbows to
slide off the shoulder straps. He began hitting me lightly across the
shoulders with the switches. He had lied a little. It did sting but not
really unpleasant and it began to excite me as he unzipped the zipper to
bare more of my back closer to my butt. Then he unzipped it clear to my
crotch to spread the halves to bare my butt.  I protested but he just
said soothingly, "Shh, You are alright." then began slapping my butt. I
liked it! It stung but was also exciting. When he finished it he began
slapping the backs of my thighs and then the inner thighs. This stung
more but was also more exciting. When the switches came very close to my
pussy I was actually hoping he would hit it.
  He stopped and told me to turn over. When I did he grabbed my shoulder
straps to pull the suit off me to drop it between my legs as if it was
perfectly natural. I was naked for the first time in my life in front of
a man. Even doctors had only bared the part they wanted to examine.
  I knew I should protest but I was so excited I didn't care. I even
emphasized my nakedness by stretching my arms behind my head. He began
switching the tops of my boobs slowly working down. When he hit my
nipples it really stung! I gasped but since I didn't protest he hit them
twice more. It just seemed to make me that much more excited. The sting
seemed to radiate directly down to my clitoris. He slowly worked his way
down until he was below my navel then he stopped to tug on the legs of
the suit to pull the zipper out of my now very wet pussy. I helped him! I
brought my feet back so I could lift my butt and get my legs together so
he could slide it down my legs and off. Then he continued switching my
tummy below my navel. When the switches began coming across my bald pussy
lips I became so excited I began lifting my hips to meet them until my
excitement built to a peak and I felt this wonderful release. He dropped
the switches to rub my breasts and pussy triggering more peaks and
releases then had me roll over so he could rub my back and bottom until I
fell into sleep.
  He just let me sleep for awhile then woke me to say the session was
over and to go home as if nothing had happened.
  On my way home I decided Swedish massages explained why Swedish girls
seemed so sexy. I realised I had the orgasms some of the girls had talked
about. I had tried playing with myself after listening to them but had
never done it long enough to get an orgasm.
  When I got home I rushed to undress to see if the massage had left
marks. My body was just a healthy pink that seemed to prove it had been
good for me. There were no lines or bruises like the spankings I had
received at school so it definitely was not meant to be punishment. That
night  I tried to get another orgasm but I couldn't get the excitement
until I pinched my nipples or pussy to add a little pain.
  I was puzzled by my reaction. The switch had hit much more sensitive
parts than the school spankings and hurt nearly as bad but it had just
excited me while the school spanking had just hurt and embarressed me.
  I decided the difference must have come from the fact I was naked in
front of a man and the object was to make me feel good rather than punish
me.
  I assumed he would also punish me for bad performance and wondered what
that would be like. Would it just hurt or would it be exciting?
  The next day I decided that since I was going to diet anyway I could
afford two sessions per week.
  At the next session after the exercise he must have known I wouldn't
protest since he had already seen me naked because he told me to take off
my suit so I was naked when I got on the table. He spread the table wider
so my legs were more open. Another thing changed. Instead of using the
little switches he brought over a leather strap explaining that it made a
more uniform pink color to the skin than the switches. I didn't care. I
enjoyed the feeling of leather. The table under my sweaty body felt like
I was lying on another human.
  He said the strap would hurt no more than the little switches but he
lied. It really stung and I cried "Ow!" at each lash to let him know I
did not want to be hit any harder.
  When he got to my butt he hit it up down and sideways. It really
excited me and I began to raise my butt to meet the strap which was
making my whole butt hot and stinging. The last two just before I turned
over went between my legs to "Splat!" against my pussy. I yelped as I had
an orgasm.
  He lied about the pink too. I watched in fascination and excitement as
the strap sunk into my breasts to make them compress then pop back up
very red. My orgasms started again while he was spanking my thighs then
he stepped between my legs to hit right down the slit with the strap just
wide enough to cover my whole crotch until my orgasms became so strong I
began to beg, "No more. Please! No more."
  He stopped and began massaging. It was a delicious way to come down
from that fantastic high. I again fell into a deep sleep until he woke me
to send me home.
  I was very naive when it came to sex but I knew this was strange. My
only contact with sex was in reading romance novels where the hero was
always romantic and gentle and wanted to make love. Lance was giving me
orgasms with no romance and was uninterested in making love to me. I
asked Alice for her neices phone number so I could compare notes. Her
name was Jane and she was really friendly.
  When I called her to say that Alice had reccomended Lance she laughed,
"Oh yeah. I highly reccomend him. Have you had one of his Swedish
massages?"
  When I admitted I had she went on, "Aren't they wild! I came so hard I
thought I would pass out."
  I admitted they excited me too but I thought it was strange he had
never tried to make love to me.
  "Yeah. He never tried to get into me either. I don't know if he is
impotent or gay. That is why I am not seeing him anymore. I was so
excited I grabbed his dick. It was soft and he got real mad. He called me
a slut and whipped me real hard. That hurt terribly and was not exciting
so I never went back. It is alright though. My boy friend really gets
turned on by whipping me just hard enough to sting and we make fantastic
love afterwards so I don't need Lance."
  I could picture her being spanked followed by sex and asked her if her
boy friend had any nice friends.
  She answered with, "No. I am sorry but Mike likes to be the main guy.
His friends are all losers. Ugly, poor, wimps or all three. Why don't we
get together for lunch just in case I meet someone you might like."
  We got together for a nice lunch. She was very pretty but even she
agreed it was hard to find a good man. "I think I am nice looking but I
probably would not have a boy friend if I had not met him in high school.
I tried the single bars but they are full of weirdos and married men out
for a one night stand. Mike would like a menage au trois. I have been
resisting because I am jealous of him but you seem nice. Would you be
interested?"
  I did not know what she was talking about and when she explained it was
two girls with the same man I thought that would be too weird. She
understood and said if I found someone or she did we could double date.
  My chances were slim. All the men that came into the office were either
old or married and since I was not twenty-one I only found one bar that
did not check my ID. It was full of men with white marks on their fingers
where they had taken off their wedding rings.
  On my next session Lance told me that he just wanted me to take off my
clothes and not put on the suit. When I objected he said that I had hired
him on the basis that he knew best and if I was not going to cooperate I
should find another trainer. That frightened me since I had nowhere to go
and it seemed silly since he had already seen me naked but I felt really
humiliated to have to undress in front of him while he sat in a chair
smiling in triumph. 
  My humiliation was not over. When I stood there blushing with one arm
covering my breasts and my hand hiding my pussy. He laughed at me then
said, "My God. You act like you are six years old. Lets get you used to
nudity."
  He went over to a drawer and brought back handcuffs! He pulled my hands
behind me and put them on my wrists then led me over to a mirror. I stood
there humiliated while he said, "No wonder you are ashamed. Look at you.
You have terrible posture, your tits are sagging and your fat gut is
sticking out."
  I was hurt and began to cry. I was proud that my breasts were big and
did not sag at all when I stood up straight.
  He had no sympathy at all he said, "You just need to be reminded to
have good posture."
  He tied my elbows behind me to force me to arch my back and stick out
my boobs but even that was not enough for him. He went back to his drawer
and brought back some hemp twine he used to wrap around the base of my
breasts till they were hard throbbing balls. He took me over to the
weight machine to tie my elbows to it then sat on his chair to watch me
suffer. All I could think of was my poor throbbing breasts and let my
stomach relax. 
  He jumped up to say he was going to get a switch so I would become
aware of my belly. I thought he meant one of the little switches but he
came back with a switch almost as tall as he was. He began to whip my
poor tummy with it. The pain was fierce. I began to scream which
irritated him so he jammed a rubber ball in my mouth. He put dark red
stripes all over my stomach then took out my gag to say, "Do you think
you can remember to keep your stomach in and your tits up or should I
whip your tits too?"
  My boobs were really hurting by now and I could not imagine how much
that switch would hurt them. I began to beg, "Please don't whip my poor
boobies. I will keep my stomach in and my boobs out. I promise! Please
untie me. I'll do anything!"
  "Alright but if you forget you must ask me to give you five lashes on
whatever is sagging. Do you agree?"
  "Yes! Yes! I agree."
  He put me through a long routine of aerobics with moves so complicated
I forgot and let my boobies sag.
  He stopped and said, "You know what you have done. Don't you?"
  I realized my boobs were sagging and immediately pulled back my
shoulders to bring them up but I knew it was too late.
  I sniffled then said, "Please give my boobies five lashes."
  I was relieved to see him get the strap rather than that nasty switch.
He had me put my hands behind my head and push out my boobs. I stood
there with my eyes squinched shut bracing myself for the pain but when
nothing happened I opened them to see him idly swinging the strap.
  He said, "Since you have asked for the lashes you can order them. When
you are ready just say 'One."
  That seemed to make everything different. I had been thinking of myself
as a victim. This reminded me that I had asked for the pain and would now
be asking for each one and knew that I had come there knowing I would be
hurt. I could just leave but somehow I was convinced that I deserved the
pain. I had been warned what would happen if I let them sag.
  I pushed my boobies out as far as I could and said, "One"
  He brought the wide strap across to hit my right breast at the cleavage
to make it jump into my armpit. It hurt terribly but when I sank back and
carressed my dark red boob the pain began to radiate to my clitoris and
excitement took over. 
  I got back into position and said, "Two."
  He hit the left one just as hard but this time the pain went to
excitement faster and only seconds went by before I said ,"Three."
  This time he brought the strap up from the floor to hit the underside
of my right breast so hard it jumped up to hit my chin. The pain was even
worse but so was the excitement. I was trembling and panting when I said,
"Four."
  That one nearly did it! I was just on that terrible edge just before
orgasm. I yelled "Five!"
  He said, This is the last one. You know where it will hit. Don't you?"
  I panted. "Oh God yes! On my nipples! Hit them."
  The pain was fantastic as the strap flattened my boobs against my chest
and I came! No. More than that! It was an earth shaking orgasm. I sank to
the floor rubbing and pinching my tortured nipples with one hand while
the other dug at my sopping pussy uncaring that he was staring at me with
a smug look on his face as I masturbated furiously in a futile attempt to
keep the orgasms coming. I finally gave up and laid back to idly caress
my red, throbbing boobs.
  At the end he made me feel better by hugging me and saying, "You did
good Honey. I am proud of you. You have been whipped enough. Come over
for your massage. My stomach and boobs were burning so I laid on my back.
He skipped the spanking to just rub oil on my front. It felt great and
excited me but he teased me by rubbing my pussy until I was on the edge
and them move to my legs or arms just to come back to my pussy to bring
me close again. It was making me crazy. I just had to cum again!
 I begged him to let me cum.
  He said,"You know what you need to cum, don't you?"
  I knew exactly what I needed. I moaned, "Yes. Strap my slutty pussy
until it is on fire!"
  He knew just how to do it. He started easy then increased the speed and
strength as my excitement rose to make me relish the pain until the
"Slap" of it hitting me echoed in the room as I went from one orgasm to
another until I was so exhausted I went limp, just shuddering as the
strap felt as if it was going inside me to burn deeply.
  He realized I was beyond the point of reaching further orgasms so he
quit.
  When it was over my pussy was really red and sore and I felt ashamed to
have to admit I had become such a slut I had begged him to whip it.
  While I dressed he said, "Now you know pain simply brings on pleasure.
When you come back I will lead you to even greater adventures." I felt
humiliated for him to know how perverted I had become and told him I
would never come back but all week I noticed I was sitting or standing
straight with my tummy tucked in and boobies out and began to rationalize
that the whipping was worth it because it had helped me to maintain good
posture that made me vain enough to look at myself in mirrors at every
opportunity. As a further incentive my boss and secretary asked what had
happened to make my body look so much better.
  I thought all I needed was pain to have the great orgasms so I used one
of my belts to whip myself but it was not the same. I knew to be great
someone else would have to do it. Even worse simple masturbation didn't
excite me at all.
 I called him to make another appointment. He acted as if he was doing me
a big favor by letting me have an appointment in two days.
  By then it had been eight days since I had an orgasm. I was excited
before I even got there.
  When I walked in he was sitting in his chair. I knew what he expected
and stood in front of him to slowly take off my clothes then put my hands
on my hips with my legs apart proudly showing my upright boobs and my
tight tummy. He had me turn sideways then said, "That is a real
improvement. The little tummy whipping paid off didn't it?"
  Little tummy whipping? I cringed in remembrance of the burn and sting
of that switch tearing into my stomach that left welts for days but
admitted it had and proudly said I had kept my tummy in and my boobs up
all week even when I was sitting.
  "Good. I told you I could help you."
  We began the aerobics. He watched me closely and I knew my promise to
ask for five lashes was still in effect. I wanted the pain but I also
wanted him to know that I could avoid it until I was ready.I kept my
tummy sucked in so tight the muscles began to ache. 
  When the aerobics were over I was panting, sweating, and my tummy
muscles were aching but I was proud of his disappointment that I had
never relaxed my muscles. I was now ready for my whipping and asked him
if I would get my "Swedish Massage" with the strap.
  He said I needed to have my muscles stretched to keep from getting
charley horses. He tied my arms and legs to pulleys in the ceiling and
walls then pulled them tight to put me in an "X" shape trembling from the
strain with my butt against the stickery surface of the textured plaster.
He walked out the door leaving me hanging there! I was afraid he would
leave me hanging for hours but in a few minutes I relaxed to take some of
the strain off my muscles and found it was exciting to see my nude body
in the mirror on the other wall and began flexing to rub my butt on the
sharp spikes. I was probably only hanging a few minutes that seemed much
longer when the door opened.
  It was the ultimate humiliation. He came in followed by two men and
three girls. If they had been all men it might have been exciting but
having girls my age or a little older see me hanging there with my pussy
gaping open was terrible. I began to whimper in embarrassment as Lance
said, "This is my new student. Doesn't she look great. You should have
seen here a few weeks ago. She was a fat slob!"
  That wasn't true I was only about eight pounds over weight but before I
could dwell on the injustice of his remark the men came over to me to
squeeze my breasts, pinch my tummy and butt, then pull on my nipples
while they talked about me as if I was just an animal. It got worse. The
girls began to do the same thing and worse by jamming their fingers into
my pussy and debating as to whether or not I was a virgin.I said I was
and they agreed and stepped back. I was sobbing with the indignity when
Lance said "She likes being whipped too." he grabbed my chin to pull up
my head where it had been hanging in shame to say, "Which would you like?
Five lashes by them with the strap, or twenty with the switch by me."
  That was no choice at all. The thought of that switch on my stretched
body frightened me terribly. I sobbed, "The strap."
  He grinned and said, "Be polite, Ask us to please give you five lashes
with the strap.
  I realized that by being tied the way I was all the lashes would be on
my front and with my boobs out and my legs spread to open my pussy they
would be natural targets. It frightened me but that just seemed to add to
my excitement.
  I gulped and moaned, "Please give me five lashes with the strap."
  I was so dumb I thought that meant they would give me one each.
Naturally they gave me five each. The men went first and my big boobs
were just too tempting as targets. They loved my stricken cries as my
tits caromed on my chest encouraged by the girl's screaming to hit them
harder. As bad as that was the girls were even worse. The girls knew my
most sensitive spots were my nipples, clitoris and asshole. All fifteen
of their lashes landed there. Incredibly the terrible pain created 
fantastic orgasms.
  When they stopped I was crying hysterically but not because of the
pain. It was the realization that I had become so perverted I had been
able to get orgasms from it.
  Lance said, "Ah girls, you really hurt her. Kiss her hurts to make her
feel better."
  They began licking my pussy and asshole while the others began nibbling
on my nipples made sensitive by the strap. I cried even more. Not because
it hurt. It felt great but I was ashamed to know I not only became
aroused by pain I was also a lesbian which all of we girls at the school
considered the scum of the earth.
  When they realized I was totally exhausted they let me loose to drop to
the floor taking deep breaths until I went to sleep. 
  I woke up in the dark and just slipped on my dress to leave swearing I
would never come back.
  My mind was in turmoil for the next week. I thought I should confess to
a priest but I just could not admit all my perversions and knew that he
could not come up with a penance to allow forgiveness. To make it worse I
had dreams that should hve been nightmares. I would be hung up in front
of a crowd of people and whipped which should have been terrible but I
would wake up so close to orgasm I could not resist digging at my pussy
until I went over the edge.
  In my state of mind my work suffered. Alice would have to bring work
back to me and warned me to be more careful because she did not have time
to proof read everything I did.  I made another mistake. On Thursday Mr.
Driscoll called me into his office. He was mad.
  "Janice you have caused me a great deal of embarrassment and extra
work. You transposed numbers on a contract that will cost my client
thousands of dollars unless I can convince the third party that it was a
clerical error. I am very busy and count on you girls checking your work.
I understand from Alice you have made other mistakes. If you make another
I will have the unpleasant task of explaining to your father why I had to
let you go."
  I just couldn't let my father be embarrassed by his failure of a
daughter. I begged him to give me another chance and he agreed.
  That afternoon I thought about it and it occurred to me that Mr.
Driscoll could provide the penance I needed to forgive myself. He was as
old as my father and I had no physical attraction to him at all.
Punishment from him should be pure punishment. I hurried down to a
western store and bought strips of leather. I spent that night braiding
the thongs into a whip I was sure would really hurt.
  The next day lasted forever, Mr, Driscoll was in court and still had
not returned at four thirty when Alice said she was going to leave early
and told me to lock up when I left.
  Mr. Driscoll showed up just before five and I followed him into the
office to blurt out. "Mr. Driscoll. I feel terribly guilty about my poor
work. I would feel better if you punished me like they did at my school
when they were unhappy with me."
  He laughed and said, "I don't have any extra homework for you."
  "No. They used corporal punishment. When a girl was bad they would hang
her from a chandelier hook in the ceiling like yours and whip her. To add
humiliation to the pain the girl would have to take off all her clothes.
If you would do that I would not feel so guilty."
  He became instantly interested saying, "Really. I knew Catholic schools
were strict but I had no idea they went that far. I don't know what your
father would think about me doing that after all it was just other girls
who saw you naked."
  He stared at me in my spandex dress that fit tight to show off my tiny
waist to accentuate my big boobs and butt and made obvious the fact i was
not wearing a bra by the lumps of my nipples made hard by my excitement.
  He was obviously intrigued so I said, "He would never know about it and
he did not object when I was whipped at school. I will get the whip I
made for you last night and the rope just like they used at school."
  It was true that Dad had not objected but those were simple spankings
usually just five or six spanks with a paddle on top of our clothes.I
knew if he just did that my guilt would not be relieved at all.I thought
it would be especially humiliating to be naked in front of an old man and
even if he hit me easy my whip should hurt too much to excite me.
  When I came back with the soft nylon rope and whip Mr. Driscoll's voice
caught when he said, "I decided it is not fair to you to make you feel
guilty for weeks. If you are sure about this I will whip you to relieve
your guilt."
  "I am happy you agree. It hurts while it is happening but the pain goes
away soon while guilt goes on forever. How long did it take you to
straighten out the mess I made?"
  "About four hours. Why?"
  I picked up a pen and multiplied four times his hourly fee of one
hundred forty dollars. 
  "I have cost you over five hudred and sixty dollars. I should get six
hundred lashes but the school had a limit of one hundred per session so
we will need to do this for six Fridays. I may need a week to get up my
nerve for the next session."
  I handed him the rope and whip. He stroked the whip and said
shakily."Are you sure. That seems like an awful lot of lashes."
  It was but I wanted to be sure I would be hurt a lot to stop my
perverted desire for pain. I was sure that even very weak lashes would
hurt a lot with that many. 
  "Yes I probably deserve more and if I make another mistake more can be
added."
  I began to unbutton my dress while I told him he should take off his
coat and put the rope over the hook. That convinced him. He took off his
coat and tie then stood on his desk to put up the rope. While he slid the
desk out of the way he watched me avidly as I faced him sliding the dress
off my shoulders and slowly down. Suddenly his age was no longer a
factor. He was just a man obviously excited by my slow strip. I continued
the tease by slowly sliding down my panties. When I was naked he stared
at my crotch and said, "My god. You have no hair on your crotch. You look
like a little girl."
  "Yes. I think hair sticking out of the edges of my panties is gross.
Don't you like it?"
  "Oh God yes. This whip feels pretty light but a hundred on your butt
still seems like an awful lot."
  "Oh no. They spread them around to my whole torso and my thighs. That
is what the other two pieces of rope are for. They tied my legs apart so
my inner thighs could be hit."
  While I said this I held out my hands, wrists together, so he could
wrap and tie the rope around them. 
  He asked, "What do you mean by your torso?"
  "My bottom, my back, my breasts, stomach, and crotch. But please don't
put more than twenty on my butt. I have to sit on that."
  He really became excited by that. Sweat beaded on his forehead and his
voice quavered when he said, "Your beautiful breasts and crotch too?
Won't you scream? Should you be gagged?  No-one is in the building but
someone may walk by on the sidewalk." 
  "No. I won't scream. We were taught not to scream. If we did, we would
be gagged and all the rest of the lashes would be put on our crotch. It
is very tender."
  The first part of my plan was not working. Rather than feeling
humiliated I was proud that my body slowly comimg into view had excited
him. I had always thought that older men were no longer interested in sex
and felt special to excite him.
  I found I was getting excited too and had to remind myself that this
would really hurt and that I deserved all the pain he could give. I
spread my legs so he could tie them to the legs of furniture next to the
walls then he pulled up the rope to my wrists. I had him pull harder to
get my feet off the floor and make my skin tight.
  When I was hung up he stood and looked at me then said in admiration,
"Jesus, being hung that way makes your body look fantastic."
  I appreciated that, especially since Lance had always said I was too
fat.
  Finally he stepped back and gave a little slap with the whip to my
butt. It didn't even sting and I said, "No harder. It won't be punishment
if it doesn't hurt."
  He got braver and began to circle me hitting alternately on my front
and back. When all I did was grunt he began hitting the more sensitive
areas of my breasts and inner thighs but it did not hurt enough. I had
not made the braids as tight and hard as I should have and he was not
hitting very hard. I began to moan, "Harder, harder!"  It was still not
enough. I was just turning red and becoming excited. That was when I
realized that physical attraction had nothing to do with it. The whip and
the pain was what brought on the excitement. When I kept moaning,
"Harder," he became braver and hit harder concentrating on my breasts and
crotch. It was not working like it should! Rather than suffer I was
becoming more and more excited.
  I didn't even get the whole hundred. When I went into orgasm he
interpreted it as extreme pain and dropped the whip. He stood there a
moment then said, "Forgive me. You have made ne so excited I can't help
myself."
  He dropped his pants and shorts and drove his dick in my pussy ripping
my hymen. The moment I dreamed of turned out to be an anticlimax. It did
continue my orgasm but I knew that without whipping in front of it there
would be no way I could climax in the short time it took him to cum then
fall back into his chair panting.
  When he recovered he untied me and began to apologise for taking
advantage of me while I was helpless and said my debt was paid in full.
  I told him that I could not blame him for getting excited and that any
normal man would get excited by whipping a nude woman. I also told him
that I did not feel that I had been punished at all. He had not hit hard
enough and I had enjoyed having him make love to me. He closely inspected
my body and agreed when I said, "See. There are no welts. I am just a
little red. I still feel really guilty. For the next session I will get
something that hurts more."
 I also said it might be better if he punished me at my place since he
would not have to worry that I may scream.
  I noticed that his penis began to grow. He noticed too and pulled up
his pants and shorts while he said, "I am scheduled to play golf
tomorrow. My wife is expecting me to be gone all day. Would that be too
soon?"
  "No. this redness will be gone in an hour or two but you have to
promise that you will really hurt me. I feel more guilty than ever now
that I have seduced my Father's best friend."
  "You are right! I would never have fucked you if you hadn't made me so
excited. It was all your fault. I have never whipped anyone before. Now I
know I can hit much harder. You will feel pain next time. I will see you
around noon."
  There was an out building at my place about a hundred feet from the
house with open rafters made of logs, rock walls and a dirt floor. It was
ideal for my purposes. I just had to throw a rope over a log beam to hold
my arms then drive some metal fence posts I found into the ground to tie
my legs.
  I debated about rebraiding the whip to make it harder but decided not
to do it because if I made it too hard and if he hit hard I could be cut.
I was still fooling myself. I had convinced myself I should be severely
punished but down deep I was making sure I would still have the chance of
just being excited by it.
  I thought noon would never come. I had thought I might meet him stark
naked but then remembered how excited he became from watching me strip so
I dressed in my sexiest underwear with a button blouse and a skirt that
buttoned up all the way from the hem so I could do a slow strip.
  When he came I slowly unbuttoned the blouse and took it off then
unbuttoned the skirt from the bottom. By the time I was naked he was
sweating and breathing hard. 
  I told him I was ready to be punished but he said, "Later! I need to
get laid, now!"
  I thought that might be better because he would not be so anxious to
get the whipping over with to fuck me. I laid back on my bed while he
stripped off his funny plaid pants and T-shirt he golfed in. He was
hardly a romantic figure. He had a pot-belly and a really hairy body that
was grey all the way to his crotch. I found out later he lasted a long
time before cumming but I did not get to orgasm.
  He rested awhile then said, "Are you ready for your punishment? I have
been thinking about it and decided you really deserve it. I plan to make
you scream and this place is ideal. Your nearest neighbor must be a half
mile away."
  I said I was ready but I wouldn't scream and started to put on a robe
to walk to the shed but he stopped me. "No robe. I want to lead you out
there naked. You said being naked humiliated you it should be more so out
in the open." He reached into a bag he had brought in and took out a dog
collar and leash he put around my neck.
  He had me get on my hands and knees then walked backward to watch my
hanging boobs sway as I crawled to the barn. It was humiliating but
thrilling to be led out there as if I was an animal in the open air. I
knew the only way I could be seen was from a low flying airplane but the
possibility was there.
  He tied me with my legs spread very wide. I felt guilty that being
spread so obscenely just excited me and reminded him to hit me very hard.
"If the whip does not leave welts, you aren't hitting hard enough."
  He began whipping me starting on my back I gasped at the pain and began
to believe this would cure me because it just hurt, but as he slowly and
methodically worked down leaving stripes about an inch apart he got to my
butt and suddenly the pain was radiating to my crotch. Fucking him first
was the right thing to do because I was not being hit willy-nilly like he
had in the office and I could anticipate each lash. He hit a lot harder
but the extra pain just seemed to bring on extra excitement. He saved my
breasts and pussy for last and when the burn came across my nipples I
screamed not from the pain but from a gigantic orgasm. I screamed at each
lash from then on but I was screaming "Yes. Yes! Harder!" The lashes kept
coming harder and harder until my whole body would shudder at the impact
but I was not experiencing pain just sheer excitement as he grunted with
the effort of hitting me so hard I would stop screaming for "More!
Harder!" But then he started on my pussy. I am sure I could never have
been able to take the pain when he began underhanding lashes into the
gaping slit of my pussy if I had not been in full orgasm but even then I
didn't try to stop him I just gasped and shuddered as each lash seemed to
make me explode inside.
  I don't know if he gave me the whole hundred lashes or not. He stopped
and stared at my pulsating body while he panted from the effort of
whipping me then dropped his pants and drove his hard dick in my pussy to
keep my orgasms coming until I just hung limply from the ropes in total
exhaustion. When he came he just fell back on the ground panting and
clutching his chest then laid back and closed his eyes.
  I slumped in my bondage and dropped my head in what must have been a
faint.
  When I recovered consciousness My whole body was burning and when I
looked down at my breasts I saw little rivulets of blood dripping off the
base of my breasts from deep red lash marks. I looked between my breasts
to see more blood on my tummy. I couldn't believe that as I orgasmed I
was wishing I could be hurt even more. He recovered shortly after and
loosened the ropes to let me sink to the floor. I was too exhausted to
stand. He untied me and said, "Oh Jesus! I really hurt you. I am sorry
but I just got so excited I couldn't help it. Do you have any salve that
might help?"
  I did. I had become an expert on pain killing ointments. He caressed
them on my welts while I laid on my bed and it felt wonderful. When he
began rubbing it on and in my pussy he began to pant in excitement. It
just felt good to me not really exciting but when I thanked him for
helping me he surprised me by standing up and taking off his pants while
saying, "If you want to thank me. Suck on my dick."
  That sounded gross but since I had received too many orgasms to
consider myself punished by the whipping I decided I should be humiliated
further. I slid off the bed and knelt in front of him to bend down his
dick to slide it in and out of my mouth.
  Sucking his dick which did not taste as bad as I imagined did nothing
for me. It was just humiliating to do it while he told me I was a
terrible cocksucker and to use my tongue and suck. Since he had already
cum twice it took forever for him to finally grunt and shoot a few drops
of cum in my mouth.
  When he finished he just stared at me kneeling on the floor with the
red welts starting to turn purple with others oozing blood then said, "Oh
God. I have to get out of here.
  After he left I pulled out the three way mirror I had bought after my
first whipping from Lance to see all of my body and looked at my welts
darkening while I idly fingered my bruised pussy. I decided that even
though I got orgasms I had been punished and now felt proud I had the
courage to ask him to hit harder in spite of the fact I must have had
some welts bleeding as I asked for more. I went to bed and slept until
the next morning.
  My body looked even worse. Now I was covered with dark bruises and my
pussy was still throbbing and felt hot. I didn't want to put clothes on
them so just wandered around the house naked until I remembered the
excitement of being outside. The warm sun felt great so I just ran around
the property feeling like a little kid. I even got close to the main road
hiding behind bushes when cars went by, excited by the thought of how
they would stare if I had enough nerve to stand out in the open. I even
found a mud puddle and ran through it like a little kid. The mud felt
good on my skin so I sat down in it and spread mud on my body then laid
down on the ground in the warm sun. I fell asleep and when I woke up the
mud had hardened so I ran back to the house and turned on a lawn
sprinkler to run through the spray yelping at the cold water until I was
clean.
  When I went to bed I was still bruised but nothing hurt and I began to
think of other things that could be done to punish me until I became
excited enough to get a little orgasm from masturbation.
  I was anxious to get to work to tell mr. Driscoll that I had found a
great tree on the property for tieing me. There were limbs coming out
above roots that had looped out of the ground about six feet apart. I
could be tied upside down doing the splits by having the two closer limbs
holding up my body by my thighs and ones further out to keep my lower
legs straight out. When I found it I imagined myself tied that way with
whips coming down on my tender inner thighs and gaping pussy. Just the
thought almost brought me to orgasm.
  He came in about ten and told me to come into his office. He seemed
depressed. When I was in his office he told me to undress. I was really
puzzled because I was sure he would not want to whip me with Alice right
outside his door. 
  When I was naked he walked around me gingerly touching some of the
worst bruises with scabs then said, "I really hurt you badly. I was
hoping I had exaggerated it in my mind. We can't go on like this. It was
fantastically exciting to see you suffer and I feel terribly guilty. I am
going to continue paying you until you find another job and give you a
good reccomendation but I can't have you around. If you stay I know I
will not be able to resist hurting you badly and it is obvious you would
not try to stop me."
  I begged him to let me stay and that I was sure he would not hurt me
badly but he argued, "You don't know what I might do! Last night I
dreamed I had you tied down and was burning you with cigarettes while you
screamed and sobbed. The terrible part is that I woke up with a hardon.
Please don't argue. Take some time off. You might want to see a
psychiatrist. Here is the business card of a good one."
  I left crying and when I got to the street I tore up the card in little
pieces feeling terrible. I knew I was a slut, now Mr. Driscoll thought I
was crazy too.
  I hung around the house a few days but all I had to do was look at the
shed or the tree to remind me of the thrills it looked like I would never
have again. To get my mind off it I began looking for a job with the
reccomendation Mr. Driscoll had mailed to me with my check.
  There were few jobs open and those I did not want although I went to a
few interviews. There was little incentive since Mr. Driscoll said he
would keep sending my check until I found another job no longer how long
it took.
  My bruises were all gone in a few days and the memory of my whippings
was no longer enough to make me excited enough to get off with
masturbation. I even tried whipping myself but that just hurt without the
excitement. I would stop when the pain got bad. This seemed to prove I
was not sincere about wanting to suffer which just made me feel more
guilty.
  As time went by I became more and more desparate. I had nothing. No-one
to talk to, no love. and worst of all no excitement. I had become like a
dope addict. I needed orgasms just as much as an addict needs drugs and
like an addict I needed increasing amounts of excitement to get my high
as they did their drugs.
  While looking through the help wanted ads I saw one asking for nude
dancers. A few months ago I would have ignored it but being naked in
front of a few people had been exciting. Naked in front of hundreds would
be even better. It also seemed like a great way to meet horny men.I
called the number assuming that I would be hired immediately since so few
girls would do such a slutty thing. I was told to come for audition at 3
o'clock.
 I dressed real nice to look my best and arrived early. The man had me
wait nervously till he finished his coffee and doughnut then told me to
get up on the stage in front of him. He looked me over then abruptly
said, "Get the clothes off so I can see what I am buying." I took them
off as quick as I could then followed his direction to turn slowly in
front of him bathed in the bright light of a spotlight. I peeked at him
to see if he was excited as I was. He looked bored!  He said, "Your body
looks alright. Let's see how you dance." He turned on some fast rock and
roll music. I had no idea what to do. The only dancing I had ever done
was ballroom dancing at the school dances. I just moved around, hopefully
to the beat. 
  Suddenly the music stopped and he said, "You can't dance for shit.
Don't come back until you have had lessons." I was crushed and began to
put on my clothes. He was not even interested in watching me, saying
nastily, "Get off the stage. I have another girl waiting. Dress over by
the wall."
  I felt devastated. I thought I was pretty and had a good figure but
only Mr. Driscoll had been excited by seeing me nude. I felt ugly and
worthless. I had always thought a girl would have to be starving to agree
to dance naked in front of horny men. I could not even get to do it.
  That night I decided that I would go back to the singles bar. At least
there, men had shown some interest. I remembered that one girl there had
men all around her. I thought she looked like a slut but that was what I
was so I decided to dress like she had. I put on my tiniest black bra and
panties then cut off one of my v-necked t-shirts just below my breasts so
I could lift my arms to show my bra like Madonna then pulled down my
skirt till it was just above the crack of my butt and hemmed it up high
enough to make my panties show if I bent over.
  When I got there I found out that I was out of style. The other girls
were wearing transparent dresses that showed everything not hidden by
their panties and bras. I seemed to be late as well. All the men were
already with girls until I spotted one sitting alone by the bar. I went
to sit beside him and ordered a drink. We introduced ourselves then he
said I was cute and asked me if I wanted to party. I told him I loved to
party and he said, "Fine. I have a room nearby."
  I was grateful a man was interested in me and agreed to go with him.
  When we got to his room he sat on the bed and said, "What do you do
Jan." I told him I did not have a job at the moment and he retorted, "I
meant what will you do for me. Will you blow me and fuck me or do you
have a specialty?" I blushed at his being so blunt but told him I would
do anything he wanted. "Good. What will you charge me for a butt fuck?"
  I was shocked and said "I don't want your money. I just want to make
you happy with me. He said sarcastically, "Yeah, right. You don't need
any money for a sick mother or to pay your rent?"
  "No I have money. Why do you want to pay me?"
  "You are for real aren't you?"
  "What do you mean?"
  He got up and went over to a mirror on the wall and said, "Turn off the
camcorder. She is not a hooker. Just your everyday slut."
  Then he came over and showed me his badge saying, "I don't know why you
are giving away something you can sell but that is your business. Get out
of here."
  God. That was the last straw. The only man who had shown any interest
in me was a cop who thought I was a whore. I cried all the way home.
  The next day I admitted only one man had understood my needs and that I
had been stupid to leave him. Lances pain and humiliation was more than
made up by the gentle exciting massage afterward. Even though being
licked by the girls made me ashamed I knew he was just trying to make up
for the pain I had suffered and I had to admit that it felt wonderful. I
convinced myself that leaving him was a cowardly act.
  I called him and asked him if I could come back but he just said, "I am
sick of your lack of commitment." and hung up. 
  I was desolate. I had nowhere to go. There was no way I could go home
to face my parents knowing that I was just a perverted slut.
  I called Lance again and begged him not to hang up and told him I would
do anything for him then sobbed and said his friends could do anything
too. I even said that I expected to be punished severely for walking out
on him.
  He grudgingly relented and said I had one last chance. I was to be at
his place promptly at five.
  I dressed and redressed to show off my flat stomach from losing six
pounds because of my lack of appetite. I needn't have bothered. 
  When I arrived there was a note on the front door telling me to come in
and lock it behind me.
  When I went into the hall I saw light coming through the door of the
exercise room. I went in to face what looked like a judge and jury. Lance
was sitting on a big chair that reminded me of a throne. His five friends
were on benches by the sidewall.
  I walked up in front of him and waited excitedly for instruction.
  He looked at me disapprovingly and said, "Why are you wearing clothes?
You know you should be nude in this room. Take them off!"
  "I'm sorry. I thought you might like to watch me undress."
  "No. It is a waste of time. Hurry!"
  While I was stripping as fast as I could he said,"You know you have to
be punished for your mistake don't you?"
  When I just nodded he said, "Say. 'Yes, Master."
  I gulped and said, "Yes Master. I should be punished severely."
  I shuddered when he answered, "You will be punished until you can make
a commitment to leave this place only if you receive permission. I will
not have you sneaking away as you did last time."
  I began to protest that he had left me alone and I thought he was
through with me but I didn't get to finish.
  "Shut up! For the rest of this session you will only speak to answer
questions. We will give you ten lashes each. You may choose the area to
be whipped. We will choose the instrument most suitable for that area. He
waved to the wall behind my "Jury". I looked at them first feeling
terribly naked with them fully clothed and staring at me then looked up
to see a line of scary things hanging on the wall. None of them looked
"Suitable" for any part of my body. There was a broom stick with the
broom cut off, The six foot switch that had brought so much pain, a
length of rubber garden hose, another whip with thick leather bootlaces
with knots tied in the laces, and finally a whip like mine only skinnier
indicating the braids were real tight. There was also the broom portion
of the broomstick, and a ping pong paddle. The little strap that had
given me orgasms was missing. I realised everything else would really
hurt except maybe being slapped by the broom. I began to lose my nerve
and decided I had better take all sixty on the least sensitive areas of
my butt, back, and thighs.
  I was startled out of my thoughts by Lances bark, "Enough standing
around! Go to Jack on the end and get on your knees to beg for ten lashes
on the spot of your choice."
  It was easy to tell who Jack was since they were arranged boy, girl
with a girl in one end chair. I went to him then sunk to my knees with my
head down and said, "Please give me ten lashes on my bottom." He said
nastily, "What the hell is your bottom? Do you mean your ass or your
cunt?" I knew I couldn't take any of those whips on my poor pussy. He
seemed to love making it hard on me. When I said, "Please whip my ass."
he made me get up and turn around so he could feel it. It was humiliating
to stand there while he squeezed the cheeks of my butt then he said, "It
seems pretty sturdy. I can hit it hard, can't I Janice?"
  It was killing me to have to stand there with them staring at me. I
just wanted to get it over with. I moaned, "Please hit me hard. Do it
now."
  He laughed and said, "You might be sorry you rushed me."
  He led me to the center of the room and had me bend over a rope
suspended from the ceiling. He handcuffed my wrists to my ankles then
pulled up on the rope to raise my butt to the point I was on tiptoes.
  I had bent over like this in front of my mirror and knew my pussy would
be pooching out between my legs. I could only pray that he would just hit
my butt as promised.
  I watched fearfully as he went to the wall to bring back the
broomstick. He held it against my butt then backed up sliding it till the
end was at the edge of my ass. When he swung it like a baseball bat. My
butt exploded with pain that seemed to go all the way to the bone. He hit
so hard my toes slid forward on the floor. I screamed and while I was
still screaming there was another and another till I had absorbed all ten
and was hanging from the rope sobbing with my poor butt throbbing in
pain.
  He let my sobbing subside then said, "Do you want ten more on your
butt."
  I moaned, "No! Please no."
  He unlocked my manacles so I  could straighten up and gently massage my
throbbing bottom until he said, "Since you don't want any more on your
ass go to Marie and ask her to punish another area."
  I realized then that this would be a night of pure punishment. If I had
been given the sixty lashes in a row I may have developed enough
excitement combined with deadening of the nerves to overcome the pain.
This was diabolocal. All the delay made each part seem brand new.
  When I went to Marie to beg for lashes to my thighs I told myself that
this was crazy. I was begging for pain with no chance of release but I
could not complain because I had come willingly and if I was to be cured
of my perversion I needed to suffer badly.
  Marie had a novel and very painful way to keep me bent over. She tied
my wrists with twine leaving a lot of twine hanging loose. Then she put
alligator clamps with sharp teeth on each nipple and pussylip. When I
bent over as far as I could she tied the ends of the twine to the clamps
then to my ankles. The slightest movement of my hands or raising of my
body caused a pull and bite to my nipples and pussy at the same time.
  She went to the wall to bring back the rubber hose. At the first lash I
straightened up slightly creating intense pain to my nipples and pussy. I
tried to stay bent over but the hose hurt so much I would involuntarily
jerk my arms or straighten up. Even with the addition of the clamps it
did not cause the deep terrible pain of the broomstick. As bad as it was
I became excited. When she finished the ten and asked if I wanted ten
more I screamed "Yes! Oh yes!"  thinking I may get to orgasm while
getting that much closer to the sixty total.
  I came so close! She pulled my legs apart so the end of the hose could
hit my tender inner thighs. I was just at the terrible edge just before
orgasm when it ended. Before I could ask for more she opened the clamps
and began untying my wrists. She led me over to face the next man. 
  My thighs felt like they were on fire and with the delay I knew I could
not take any more pain to them. It suddenly occurred to me that I
couldn't keep taking lashes to areas already sore and bruised and sobbed
at the fact I may have to ask for lashes to the front of my body.I
thought that my back would not be too sensitive and since the hose had
been less painful than the broomstick I could use up one more of the
worst before I got to the really sensitive parts.
  He liked the idea of tying me with clamps and tied my wrists to clamps
on my pussy then put clamps on my nipples with two more on each side of
them. After he put on twine he tied the twine to the rope from the
ceiling and pulled up my breasts till they were nearly at my chin causing
terrible bites from the teeth of the clamps. This all took time and I was
looking forward to pain on my back so I could ignore the pain from the
clamps. He took the whip like mine off the wall. I thought this proved
each instrument would be less painful than the last and actually looked
forward to it.
  The first lash across my shoulder blades demonstrated how wrong I was.
He was very strong and hit as hard as he could. To make matters worse he
took his time waiting for my screams to subside before adding another
stripe. I felt like it might cut me in two. Rather than the whip taking
my mind off the pain to my tits and pussy I began to pull on the clamps
to increase the pain to be able to stand the whip.
  By the time he finished I was so exhausted and weak my breasts were
having to support some of my weight.
  The bastards let me hang there while they complimented him on the
straightness and even spacing of the stripes on my back.
  Then Lance said, "I think she needs a break. Otherwise she will be so
numb she won't appreciate the rest of the lashes. Besides that, it would
appear you may be ready for a little sex. I looked over at them and saw
what he meant. The men had pulled their dicks out of their pants to
stroke them and the girls had their hands under their skirts.
  Lance told me that as long as I entertained them my punishment would be
suspended. That sounded good to me because the only parts of my body left
were very sensitive and sex would feel good even if I did not get an
orgasm.
  Sex was just humiliating. They simply used me. The man that had used
the broomstick told me to come over and suck his dick. He was not nice
enough to take off his clothes so I could feel more equal. He just pulled
my mouth over his dick sticking out of his fly. Suddenly I felt hands at
my hips raising me and then the head of a dick nosing my asshole. I
thought he was just too stupid to find my pussy and raised up higher so
it could slip into it but that was not his intention. He gave a loud
grunt as he jerked on my hips to drive his dick into my ass! I screamed
around the dick in my mouth and tried to pull away but I was not strong
enough. I felt a tearing sensation and realized my poor rectum must be
bleeding when his dick began sliding in and out without as much friction.
  When they came they just pushed me over to Marie. Again she was not
going to be equal. She just pulled her panties to one side and pulled my
mouth into her hairy cunt. The other girl was not wearing panties and
pulled my hand over to rub it on her pussy while I went down on Marie. It
took forever for her to cum while she humiliated me further by saying,
"Make your tongue flutter on my clit, Bitch, don't you know anything?"
When I did it good enough to please her I had to do the ultimate
humiliation of sticking my tongue in her asshole. My tongue and jaws were
aching when she finally sighed and pushed me away. Thankfully the other
girl had excited herself enough by using my hand to cum in half the time
as Marie.
  Lance offered me a cold beer which I drank grateful to get the foul
taste of their pussies out of my mouth.
  Then Lance said, "It is my turn but I am not about to put my dick in
her foul pussy. There has probably been hundreds of dick in it."
  I began to protest but he told me to shut up and reminded me I was only
to speak to answer questions.
  He put me on my back then used twine to tie my hands behind my back by
tieing my thumbs to vicous alligator clips on the lips of my pussy. He
used the same twine to tie my nipples tightly together. They began aching
immediately as they created a tight slit between my breasts to make my
breasts look like a butt. He told me to get his dick wet with my mouth.
It was huge, there was no way I could get it all in my mouth so he had me
lick the lower sides and his balls. He jammed it into the valley of my
breasts to pull the twine even tighter and began fucking my breasts
really hard while he held my head forward by my hair so he could stick
the head of his dick into my mouth on the upward strokes. He pushed
forward so hard my boobs were hitting my chin and there were constant
jerks on my tortured nipples and pussy lips. Suddenly he grunted and
pulled my head back to flood my face nose and eyes with his cum. It was
gross and humiliating made worse when he untied my hands and told me to
scrape off his cum with my fingers and suck the slimy stuff into my
mouth. 
  While I was doing that I looked around to see the girls had lifted
their skirts to lick each other's pussies, stranger still the men were
sucking each other's dicks. I had never heard of such a thing. It seemed
to be a whole new plateau of perversion.
  One of the girls got beer for everybody. While I drank mine they talked
about me as if I was not there. Marie said, "Thanks for having me over
Lance. It is a kick to make a straight girl eat my pussy." the man who
fucked my ass agreed, "Yeah. She has a tight ass too. Almost as good as
fucking a young boy."
  Lance said, "If you have had enough sex it is time to get on with the
rest of the slut's punishment."
  I was thinking that they were just too strange and perverted for me and
almost said I was leaving but then I remembered that I had already sworn
once that I would not come back and had changed my mind. I decided that
it would be dumb to quit now that I only had twenty more to go  with
easier whips that might bring on the great orgasm I needed so much to
justify the pain or better to cure me of any further desire for pain.
  I went to the other girl and begged her to whip my tits.
  She just tied my arms loosely above my head facing a large mirror. She
said, "You are in front of the mirror so you can see the effect of this
whip. I think you will find it interesting."
  She got the whip with knots and hit me sideways across both my breasts.
  She was not being kind by not stretching me. She just wanted my tits
loose so she could watch them jerk out of position when hit. It hurt bad
but not unbearably and I watched fascinated by the red blossoms made on
my tits by the knots. It became fantastically exciting in spite of or
because of the pain. When she finished my tits looked like someone had
been playing connect the dots with a big red crayon. When she asked me if
I wanted ten more I cried "Yes! Oh yes! Make me cum!"
  She cheated me! She dropped the whip that was driving me to the brink
of the mother of all orgasms and grabbed the ping pong paddle.
  There was a double "Slap!" when the paddle hit the outside of one
breast to drive it violently into the other. It hurt so bad I got sick
and threw up the beer I had drunk. This made her mad, she screamed, "You
puked on me you bitch!" and hit me as hard as she could. Thank God I
passed out.
  When I came to, my hip joints were hurting terribly. I was upside down
with a large leather strap around my waist to squeeze my tummy to make a
tiny waist. The strap was hooked to the wall. My waist was so small I
looked almost like an ant and could only breathe with little pants. Two
other straps held my legs in the "Splits" with my hands tied to my
ankles. The last man of my jury was standing there idly swishing the
willow switch through the air. When he saw I was awake he said, "You
cheated Carla by passing out. You won't be able to pass out with all the
blood in your head for your last twenty."
  I cried "No! No! I have already had sixty lashes!"
  "You volunteered for twenty extra, stupid. Did you really think Lance
and I would allow you to cheat us out of our pleasure?"
  I remembered that only the switch and broomstraws were left and hoped
the broom would be slapped on my pussy for my last chance at orgasm.
  I heard a "Whish!" then felt a dreadful sting and burn to my left inner
thigh. I screamed and kept screaming as he went from thigh to thigh
inching closer and closer to my pussy until it came crashing down on my
left pussy lip then the right. I would have passed out if possible at the
last one that buried the tip in my asshole and set my clitoris on fire.
  Then Lance moved toward me with the broom. Even the thought of it
slapping my pussy that was now on fire made me cringe and try to protest
but I had screamed so much I was hoarse and could only shake my head and
croak "No!"
  I was not lucky enough to be slapped. He held the sharp broomstraws by
the cut off handle and began stabbing my gaping pussy with it. All I
could do was groan as hundreds of punctures were made in my crotch until
blood began to run down my stomach to pool at the base of my breasts.
  Lance said, "She obviously can't go home like this." My voice had
completely gone. All I could do was whisper, "Mercy. Please let me go
home. I will die if I am hurt anymore." They either didn't hear me or
ignored me while they carried me to the center of the room to be held in
a standing position by padded straps in my armpits.
  Then they did an incredible thing. They got cool damp cloths to dab on
my welts until the sting and burn went away. When only the throbbing deep
pain was left they began licking my pussy, nipples and asshole while
telling me how proud they were to know such a courageous woman. They
loved me! The same people who had hurt me so terribly loved me and were
making me feel wonderful. They licked me until I had a sweet orgasm then
carried me to bed. Carla and Maria Joined me to put a soothing lotion on
all my welts until I fell asleep.
  I woke up real late. When I had dressed and looked around everyone had
gone home. Lance was in the gym with someone and I thought I should not
bother him. I noticed little screams coming from a door next to his gym
and opened it. There was a window in the room which I discerned to be
what I had thought was a mirror. There was a ventilation grille so you
could clearly hear sounds from the gym and a video camera on a tripod
facing the window. I went closer to the camera to see inside the room.
  It was all I could do to suppress a scream. There was a woman hanging
upside down like I had been for the switching with a gag in her mouth.
She was screaming through her nose. Lance had stuck needles about a foot
long through her nipples and breasts and was in the process of threading
her pussy lips with them. The poor womans breasts looked like
pincushions. I couldn't stand the sight and turned my back to the window.
I saw shelves filled with videotapes with girl's names on them. I found
three with my name and scooped them up to leave by the backdoor but then
I changed my mind and went into his kitchen to get two big garbage bags
then went back to get all of them. When I had them all I unloaded the
camera and left just as he was whipping her bleeding breasts and pussy
with the knotted whip.
  I barely got home when he called to say, "I know you have my tapes you
little bitch. If you don't have them back here in twenty minutes you are
dead meat!"
  I told him I had dropped them off at the police station with his name
and address and that he had better get out of town.
  He evidentally followed my advice because when I did eventually drop
off all the tapes that were too terrible to watch the TV said the police
were looking for him for suspicion of murder.
  It took me two weeks to look at all the tapes. Almost all of them were
like mine in that the girl or woman would be brought along gradually to
accept more and more pain and humiliation. I felt a lot better to see
that I was not the only one to develop the need for pain to get great
orgasms. I felt really fortunate to get out when I did. Some women who
didn't, ended up dying horrible deaths by whipping with wire until they
bled to death, having red hot rods pushed into their pussies, being
sliced by knives, or punctured by various things. In one of the worst the
police would have evidence against all the people who had tortured me. 
  In that video they had this poor woman tied to the wall. Lance
frightened her by saying that he had used her money to buy a hundred
darts with the longest points possible then bent over the points so they
would not fall out of the skin. The object was to hit her nipples and
clitoris. Anyone hitting a nipple would get to burn her nipples and
clitoris with cigarettes. If any were good enough to stick a dart in her
clitoris he or she could kill her. They were not good dart throwers. The
poor woman had all hundred darts sticking in her with none to the nipple
so they pulled them out ripping her skin with the hooks and started over.
They moved closer and now all of them stuck in her breasts or groin until
one of the girls hit a nipple squarely and one of the men had her
screaming though her nose when he put one in her clit. Carla had hit the
nipple and giggled when the woman screamed at each burn to her nipples
until they were covered with blisters. The woman passed out when she
burned her clit so they hung her upside down and threw water on her till
she was wide awake. Carla was mad that she had spoiled her fun and burned
all of the inside of her pussy.
  She was killed by very slowly pushing a long sword in her pussy until
it reached her heart.
  Another woman was killed just by the girls. There was only one tape of
her with no indication she was recruited by Lance. When the tapes started
she was lying naked on the floor giggling while Carla and Marie was
licking her pussy. Then they asked her if she wanted to try something a
little kinky. She giggled and said, "Kinky is my middle name."
  They tied her ankles to ropes in the ceiling and pulled her up until
she was standing on her hands with her legs pulled apart. She was still
giggling and told them the blood going to her head made her feel giddy.
  Carla tightened a belt around her stomach until she complained she
could barely breathe then  put a rope on it to pull her forward to a
pulley on the wall. Marie put ropes on her wrist to run to hooks on the
other wall then they tightened the ropes to pull her hips forward while
the ropes put her in a back bend to make her breasts hang horizontally to
the floor. She began to cry, "Not like this! It hurts. I thought you
would just tie my legs open to eat my pussy. Let me down!"
  Carla went over to her and said, "Bitch! We will teach you to never hit
on one of our girls again!"
  That frightened her and she began to scream and struggle but she was
tied so tightly she could barely move.
  Marie got the leather whip and began to whip her gaping pussy with it
while carla used the broomstick on her breasts. I knew how that felt and
shuddered as they whipped her over and over until her poor breasts and
pussy were purple. 
  Then Carla said "Let's make sure by not having her attractive anymore.
  They left the room leaving the poor woman hanging there moaning and
struggling to reappear with a small barbecue grille filled with charcoal.
The poured lighter fluid over it and set it on fire then staightened out
wire coat hangers and put them in the fire to turn them red hot while the
poor woman stared at it moaning "No! No! Don't burn me. I'll do anything
you want."
  Marie said, "You are doing what we want you silly bitch!" She took out
a hanger and began whipping her pussy with the red hot end then Carla did
the same to her tits while she let out bloodcurdling cries.
  Even that was not enough for them. They slid the grille under her
breasts and began to cook them giggling at the poor woman's struggle to
raise her tits away from it. Then Marie said, "No use neglecting that
hairy foul cunt." She poured lighter fluid all over her pussy and pooled
it inside then lit it. The hair burst into flame and then the skin began
to peel into blisters. They kept the fires going until the poor woman
went limp. Carla moved out the grille then felt for a pulse in her neck
until she said, "The bitch has died on us. She must have had a weak
heart." Marie left and the tape ended.
  It seemed they liked to train younger girls like me to accept more
punishment gradually but older women or girls who did not want any
punishment were killed in one session. It also explained the long
questionaire I had filled out asking if I had close relatives or a room
mate. They wanted to make sure we would not be missed right away.
  The tapes should have frightened me so bad I would no longer be
interested in pain but after I gave all the bad tapes to the police The
memory began to fade. Watching the milder tapes were exciting enough to
keep me excited enough to have small orgasms through masturbation but not
the great thrill I wanted. I spent hours at the stores hoping to find one
of the girls on the tapes to see if they had found a replacement for
Lance with no success.
  One night while watching a tape that no longer excited me I thought of
Jane. the sexual escapades she had described with her boyfiend Mike had
seemed tame and a little silly after what I had been through but I
thought they may have progressed to more exciting things. She was glad to
hear from me and was anxious to discuss Lance. She thought it was
fantastic to find I had been the one that reported him to the police. She
was excited at the idea of my having tapes of him in action and invited
me over for drinks and to look at a tape.
  I decided to take a series starring a girl named Lisa because it was
much like mine with the pain and humiliation increasing with each tape. I
wanted to see their reactions to see if they would be interested in
giving me the pain I needed.
  When I arrived I found they were big on costumes. Mike wore black
leather pants and boots while Jane was wearing a leather bikini. They
offered me one to wear and I accepted although I would have preferred
being naked. Mike told Jane to get us drinks while I loaded the first
tape. I guess she wanted to demonstrate her submissiveness by coming back
from the kitchen carrying our drinks on a tray by walking on her knees
but I was amused that she was wearing knee pads to keep from hurting her
knees on the hardwood floor.
  The first tape mirrored my first experience with Lance doing the light
whipping with the little willow switches. Jane and I had been through
that and when we told Mike he seemed amazed. "You mean you girls just let
him whip you like that girl without protesting? It must have hurt. Her
skin turned red!"
  I explained that as he saw, everything happened gradually and seemed to
build naturally. Jane chimed in saying, "He didn't tape the exercise
leading up to this. It was really hard with a lot of stretching exercises
that made muscles hurt. Also I got real sweaty and the leotard became
transparent. There were mirrors all around and seeing myself nearly nude
in the mirrors excited me a little. The massage sounded good and he was
so calm and matter of fact about it I didn't want to look silly by
turning it down."
  "Yeah but he got you naked. He could have switched you on the leotard
since it was so thin."
  "Maybe, but it was better on bare skin and a lot of my clothes have
bare backs. By the time he finished my back I was too excited to object
to having my bottom "Massaged" and that led to turning over for my
front."
  "Why haven't you suggested I use switches. We haven't used anything but
the little whip."
  "I thought you might think I was crazy if I volunteered for more pain.
I left it up to you. If you want to use switches you can. I just want you
to promise that you will stop when I have had enough."
  "I always have. Haven't I?"
  "Yes..Sometimes even too soon."
  "Well next time I will whip you until you beg for mercy."
  "That would be a good idea. that way I could moan and scream without
you thinking I am being hurt too badly. I could say "Mercy" and you could
hit easier or stop."
  I could tell that the idea of being able to hurt her more was exciting
him by the lump that had grown in his pants.
  The next tape that ended with her being hit by the strap on her breasts
and pussy really excited all of us. At the end Mike said we needed to be
punished for being sluts since we were rubbing our bikinis into our
crotches. I realized he was still in the phase of needing an excuse for a
whipping.I was looking forward to it. He told us to take off each others
Bikinis. We did it slowly enjoying his growing excitement as well as
ours.
  He told us to hug each other for a good spanking. That was exciting as
we rubbed our boobs and pussy together then he began whipping our butts
with a wimpy whip made of thin leather straps that barely stung.
  After a few of those I said "Harder" and he hit just a little bit
harder so I yelled, "No. Harder!" Now even the little whip was causing a
good sting to make us excited enough to spread our legs to grind our
pussies into each others thighs.
  Evidentally our butts got red because he stopped. I panted into Janes
ear, "Turn around."
  We put our butts together and linked our arms to push out our breasts.
Mike looked stunned then began whipping our stomachs until I
moaned,"Higher," to feel the lashes snapping against my boobs then Jane
squealed, "Enough! Hit my pussy!"
  After only a few of those we laid sideways on the floor so He could
lick my pussy while I licked Janes and she sucked his dick. It had been
so long since I had sex with other people I managed to have a good orgasm
which only whetted my appetite for more.
When he came he got up to get us beers then I put in another tape and sat
on the couch.
  The next tape ended with Lisa being whipped with the long switch. We
watched it sitting on the couch naked with me in the middle. I played
with Janes pussy and stroked Mikes dick while they played with me. It
excited all of us but Mike and I the most. Jane cringed at each "Snap" of
the switch and at the end said, "That must hurt terribly. I'll bet she
never came back." I agreed that it hurt but as excitement built up the
pain did not seem bad and then said, "You could never know the excitement
possible with your little wimpy whip. I have an idea. Why don't we have
Mike tie us over the desk to spank our bottoms with his belt. We could
have him put your vibrating fake dicks in our pussies to increase the
excitement."
  Jane said, "I don't know. His belt looks like it would hurt a lot."
  I explained that the instrument did not matter. It was how hard it was
used and that Mike would not hit hard. This was not true. No matter how
hard Mike hit with their little whip no real pain could be felt.
  Jane said, "It does sound exciting. Mike. You won't hit hard will you?"
  He promised that he wouldn't and I realised she did not know that true
excitement could only be reached by being totally submissive.
Volunteering after bargaining for limits would never bring on the
gigantic orgasms. Ever increasing pain and the element of fear had to be
added to really get there.
  He tied us lying over the desk with our hips touching.Then he used both
hands to play with our pussies until we were wet enough to bury the
vibrators and turn them on.
  He waited until we showed signs of excitement then began slapping the
belt sideways to hit both our butts at once. It felt good but I wanted
some sting so I said "Harder." Jane just nodded in agreement.  Now my ass
began to feel hot and I knew it was getting to Jane too. We were both
squeezing our legs together and pushing on the edge of the desk to press
the dildos against our clits. She turned her face to me and it had this
wild excited look. When I said "Harder" again she moaned "No." but we all
knew she didn't mean it. He began hitting lower so the belt could touch
our pussies that were pooching out and we began making little squeals and
pushed back so the lips could be hit to make the dildos jump. 
  We began to pump to meet the whip and rub our breasts on the desk till
she screamed and slumped followed by me. He recognised that we had cum
and untied us. We dropped to our knees to take turns licking and sucking
his dick in thanks for the wonderful orgasm. We used our free hands to
keep our dildos moving to continue after shocks until Mike came. He went
for drinks while Jane and I laid on the floor hugging each other. She was
radiant as she said,"My God. That was fantastic. I always thought of
spankings as foreplay. It never occurred to me I could get fabulous
orgasms from it. I think it is better to have you being whipped at the
same time. I don't have to feel so weird."
  I agreed but I didn't really mean it. I preferred to be whipped alone
so all the attention would be directed at me.
  We settled back to watch Lisa's last tape. In this one Lance whipped
her from the shoulders to mid-thigh at the back. Lisa just grunted at
each lash until he moved to the front. He covered her stomach until it
was entirely red then brought one across her nipples to make her scream
then kept her screaming with several more to her breasts. Jane screamed
in empathy when he began on her pussy. At the last he faced her to upper-
cut her pussy with some of the lashes going into her slit and she passed
out which ended the tape.
  Jane was actually crying, "How could that bastard be so mean? If I had
kept coming back that could have happened to me!"
  I hugged and consoled her by saying, "She is alright. Switches aren't
as bad as they look. They are light and just hurt the skin. It is not
nearly as bad as being hit with a broomstick. That leaves terrible
bruises that ache for days. I have been switched with both."
  Mike was incredulous. "He whipped you with a broomstick?!" How could
you stand it?"
  I explained that if he had got me excited enough by adding pain
gradually additional pain just brought on more excitement but that time
everything he did was too terrible which made me leave.
  Jane said, "I don't want to be hurt."
  "That isn't true. You know that Jane, You came from whipping alone."
  She protested, "That was different. I just turned red and the redness
is almost gone already. That switch could leave scars."
  I stood up so they could inspect my body and said, "Look at me. I have
no scars."
  I became excited by the attention while they lifted my breasts and
pulled my pussy lips around and said "I have a willow tree at home if you
would like to try switches. We can cut all different sizes."
  Mike said excitedly, "That sounds fantastic but it is getting late and
the thought has made me horny. Let's just have sex now and we will do it
tomorrow."
  He laid on his back to have me straddle his dick while Jane straddled
his mouth. It felt wonderful but without the foreplay of whipping he came
before Jane or I got to orgasm. Jane looked confused, "I don't
understand. Having my pussy eaten has always given me great orgasms."
  I explained that once a person has had the foreplay of whipping sex
alone was not enough.
  "Oh God. Does that mean you have to be hurt more and more to get
orgasms? I love having orgasms but the thought of being badly hurt to get
them scares me."
  I told her that I thought everyone was different and that she would
find the level of pain that worked. I told her that if the pain was too
much it was no longer exciting. I was sure that was true but only the
bruising pain of the broomstick had been too much for me. I did not know
where my limit was with whips.
  I went home so excited at the prospect of the excitement coming that I
had trouble going to sleep and slept late. 
  I got up and went out stark naked to cut switches from two to six feet
long then threw ropes over a big limb on the tree so Jane and I could be
tied.
  When they finally arrived I had worked myself into a frenzy of
anticipation and was crushed when Jane said that she had been thinking
about it and decided that she did not want to get any deeper into pain.
  I was frantic and told her that I would do the whipping and would make
sure that she would only get terrifically excited to have a great orgasm.
When she still hesitated I told them that if I could whip her they could
both whip me as long and as hard as they wanted. I realized I had been
set up when they grinned at each other in triumph and agreed but at that
point I did not care.
  She admitted that it was exciting to be naked out in the open with the
possibility of strangers seeing her and was trembling with excitement
when we had her tied in an "X" shape from the limb.
  I started with the smallest switches watching her closely to gauge the
level of excitement she needed to change to a larger switch and hit
harder. She went into full orgasm before I even got to the largest switch
and Mike jumped up from where he had been sitting on the ground stroking
his dick to slam his dick in her pussy and bite her nipples. That made
her scream so I joined him by biting her ass until I had left teeth marks
all over it.
  Even after Mike came his dick stayed hard so he pushed me down on my
hands and knees so he could jam it in my asshole while we watched Jane
gurgling and shuddering as aftershocks of her monster orgasm rocked her
body. Knowing how she was feeling allowed me to have a small orgasm with
the dick in my ass while he pinched my pussy but it just made me want
more!
  They teased me by sipping on beers and hugging each other until they
finished and Mike said it was my turn.
  They tied me so tightly my joints ached but I enjoyed the feeling of
helplessness. Mike said I looked beautiful stretched that way and Jane
agreed adding, "She looks sweet enough to eat." They grinned at each
other and moved toward me. I expected one of them to go down on me and
was ready to protest that I wanted to be excited by the whip first.
Before I could say anything Mike put his mouth on my breast and bit me,
Hard! It really hurt and I gasped but then Jane knelt between his legs to
begin biting my tender inner thighs.
  I had no idea it would hurt that much or be that exciting to be bitten.
Jane kept working towards my pussy while Mike came closer to my nipples.
Then he was biting my nipples and she was biting my pussy pulling and
biting like a dog tearing at a large piece of meat. I came!  Then they
took the two largest switches. They remembered what I said and made the
lashes to my butt and tummy easy at first then harder as I moaned and
pulsated with excitement. 
  Men really seemed to love making my boobs jump, sway and compress under
the lash. He stood in front of me to whip my bitten breasts while she
went behind to bring the tip of the switch between my legs to have every
lash hit my asshole and some to hit directly on my clit. My orgasms
became so strong I became nearly hysterical and began screaming, "Harder!
Harder!" until my orgasms made me fall into unconsciousnees.
  When I woke up I was lying on my bed. They had found my salve and was
dabbing it on the places that my skin had been torn by their teeth or the
ends of the switches. They were bleeding but just a little bit. 
  Jane was crying. When she saw I was awake she said accusingly, "You are
crazy and you are going to make us crazy if we keep seeing you. I enjoyed
whipping you! I came from it! You would not tell us to stop. If we keep
seeing you we may end up killing you or worse yet I may become like you.
Mike and I have agreed to use only the soft whip and we don't want to see
you anymore because you may tempt us into something terrible. You need
help! See a psychiatrist!"
  Mike just nodded and they left.
  I felt really rotten. I had reached ultimate orgasm and was being
called crazy for it. After awhile I realized that this was the second
time I had been told I needed a psychiatrist and decided that they may be
right. After all it seemed to take more and more pain to get me off. I
conceded that I at least needed advice and decided to see a priest.
  I could not face one so I decided just to go to confession.
  In the privacy of the booth I was able to tell him what had happened to
me without much detail other than being whipped and being excited by it.
I ended crying and asking if I should got to a psychiatrist in spite of
my fear that I would be committed to an insane asylum.
  I don't know what I expected but it was not his soothing voice saying,
"You don't need a psychiatrist dear. Your problem is simply that you have
confused sex with pain. They should be two entirely different things.
Pain is good. As you know the Church has used pain in order to save souls
both by penitence and the inquisitions. Sex is also good between married
people. I think I can help you. Would you like me to try?"
  "Oh yes Father! Please! I will do anything!
  "Are you very sure? If you agree You will be suffering more pain than
you ever have before and if it is done properly you will not have the
release of orgasm. I will decide the extent and length of treatment. This
is a big decision on both our parts because I may have to break my oath
of celibacy to be sure you can enjoy sex without pain."
  "I don't care if you kill me. I can't keep living like this."
  "Fine. Can you arrange a vacation from work for two weeks or more?"
  "I am not working. I can be away as long as you want. Will we be going
somewhere?"
  "No. This is a very old church. By accident I discovered a room in the
sub-basement that was used to torture heretics and people suspected of
being satanists. I have discovered some nuns need to prove their devotion
to Jesus by volunteering for pain. They have moved on to other churches
so we will have the place to ourselves. When would you like to start your
treatment?"
  "Anytime. I guess."
  "No time like the present. Follow me."
  He led me downstairs to a basement then opened a thick door for more
stairs to a sub-basement. It was really spooky. It was deathly quiet and
the only light was from candles in holders in the walls that he lit as we
went down.
  He opened another door to reveal what I assumed was a huge room because
I could not see the far walls by his candle.
  He went around lighting candles on the wall to light a scene out of a
horror movie. I must have been fascinated by pain long before I
experienced it because I had read books about the french and Spanish
Inquisition, public floggings, and the Nazi's torture methods.
  The instruments made to maim or kill were missing but everything else
was there that I recognized from pictures I had seen. A rack to be
stretched on until all your joints hurt, a cross for crucifixion, stocks
to hold you bent over for spanking your butt and thighs, An "X" shaped
frame to be hung on with arms and legs spread to make the pussy
vulnerable, a splintery split cedar log to straddle that would drive
stickers into your ass-crack, pussy and inner thighs, but most
frightening were large fish hooks dangling from the ceiling I assumed
would be stuck in the skin to hold you in position. There were also
chains on both walls and ceiling and a full array of whips and paddles.
  There was also a charcoal fire box with rods in it. I picked one out to
see the letter "A" I looked at others with "B, W, P," and a steel rod
with a sharp point."
  I asked the priest about them and he explained sinners could be branded
with A for adulteress, B for blasphemer, W for witch and P for
prostitute. He told me that in the investigation for witches they would
look for marks of the Devil by using the red hot pointed rod to touch any
blemish on the skin. The theory was that if the person did not scream it
proved it was a devil's mark. If a person was unlucky enough to have a
lot of blemishes they would become so hoarse from screaming they could
only moan. This proved they were the anti-christ so they would be burned
alive.
  I shuddered because a tiny burn would make me cry for hours.
  "I will be giving you some tests but of course not with red hot rods.
Naturally you must suffer the humiliation of being nude for them." 
  I undressed in front of him but naturally I felt excitement rather than
humiliation because I was proud of my body and expected him to become
excited by it.
  He watched me avidly while I undressed but his face remained passive.
With his dark clothes and the dim light I could not tell if he was
getting hard.
  When I was naked he led me over to the stocks and locked my neck and
wrist in the holes in the wood.
  He said, "I think you were excited by pain because you just received
light spankings that stimulated rather than hurt. Look at this. It will
hurt."
  He showed me a whip with half inch wide leather thongs that had given
me orgasms. I guess if I had really wanted to be cured I would have told
him that I loved that kind of whip but the place and my fantasies of 
having everything done to me had me excited enough to want to get at
least one more orgasm before I was cured.
  He began whipping my butt and thighs but he really was not hitting that
hard so I just moaned or gasped at each lash as I felt myself building
toward orgasm.
  After about twenty he said, "You may scream if you like. No-one can
hear you down here."
  I didn't feel like screaming. Moaning seemed right for the increasing
excitement. I was dishonest again. I said breathlessly, "I don't desrve
the release of screaming. I will try to suffer silently."
  "If you can suffer silently I am not hitting hard enough or on
insensitive places. You will scream!"
  He began hitting harder and then began to direct the tips to hit my
inner thighs and the lips of my pussy. 
  I began screaming but not from the pain. The wonderful release of
orgasms caused them. I kept screaming until the orgasms became so intense
I let my head fall and just moaned.
  It is almost impossible for an observer to differentiate the difference
between ultimate orgasms and great pain.
  He stopped to say, "I believe you have reached your limit of absorbing
pain without fainting."
  I dishonestly nodded my head and he let me loose for me to caress my
red butt and pussy lips.
  "You now know what real pain is like. Do you think this has cured you
of ever wanting it to happen again?"
  He seemed genuinely concerned about curing me and I felt terribly
guilty.
  I began to cry and said, "Oh Father. I lied by agreeing I had reached
my threshold of pain. I was not screaming for the pain. I was in orgasm.
I had reached my ultimate orgasm. If I had been honest I would have told
you to continue because I know it would have been pure pain when I
couldn't cum anymore."
  "Really! I would have sworn you were in terrible pain, especially when
I hit your private parts."
  "I was! You don't understand. It is the pain that gives me orgasms and
the greater the pain the better the orgasm."
  "But there must be a point where the pain is too much to be overpowered
by excitement."
  It took all my nerve to admit what created the worst pain because my
recent orgasm made me wonder if I really wanted to be cured.
  "I don't know, so far I have reached orgasm even with terrible pain.
The longer it goes on the better. I guess my worst experience was when I
was subjected to short periods of pain with time to calm down. I told him
about my last experience weith Lance that would have been pure pain if
they had not made love to me at the end.
  "I am glad to hear that. I had no intention to hurt you so badly you
would be scarred. The answer seems to be to provide great pain in short
bursts but another solution may to give you lesser pain for such a long
time you can no longer orgasm. Although women have the ability to have
multiple orgasms there has to be a point where further orgasms are
impossible."
  "Well.. Maybe. So far my orgasms just got more and more powerful until
I became hysterical.
  "I think we should try my multiple orgasm theory first. If it works you
will just have redness that will go away soon. Great pain will leave
welts and bruises even possibly breaks in your skin. What excites you the
most?"
  I was excited just at the thought of an ideal whipping.
  "Use a leather thong whip like the one on the wall. Start on my butt
then move to my breasts, my stomach and finally my crotch. Once I am
really excited you can hit me as hard as you want."
  I knew the thong whip would just sting no matter how hard he hit and
could hardly wait to get started.
  "Is it better if you are tied or untied?"
  "Oh tied! If I am untied I feel guilty for not trying to escape and it
takes longer to get to orgasm."
  "In that case you should be tied to make those areas of your body
accessible."
  He got ropes with padded leather cuffs on the end to buckle on my
wrists and ankles then tied me with my arms above my head and my legs
spread. I was not tied tightly so I was comfortable.
  " Since I can't tell if you are suffering pain or in orgasm I want you
to tell me when you reach orgasm."
  I promised that I would and he began whipping my ass but the real
excitement didn't start until he got to my boobs. He was no different
than any other man. I could tell by his grin and excitement that he loved
making my boobs sway and bounce under the lashes. He began slowly lashing
down my tummy until they began going across my pussy lips. He had done it
so perfectly I began to cum after only about ten and screamed, "I'm
cumming. Oh God! I'm cumming."
  "Good. We will keep them coming."
  He dropped his pants to reveal a huge dick which he jammed into my
pussy until our crotches hit. While he fucked me he spanked my butt with
both hands to drive me into him.
  When he came he pulled his pants back up then began lashing me again
saying, "You first came at forty. I will give you a hundred more."
  He began to lash just my most sensitive places. My nipples and
uppercuts into my open pussy dripping with his cum and my juices. 
  He didn't get to give me the whole hundred. My orgasms became so
powerful I fainted.
  I woke up lying on my back on the rack. He was idly dabbing my red skin
with a damp rag and tugging on my pussy hair.
  When he saw I was awake he said, "You fainted. Is that because you
could not get another orgasm?"
  I should have lied but he seemed to be so sincere about helping me I
just couldn't.
  "I am afraid not. I had an orgasm so powerful it made me pass out."
  "Then we will have to try the other method."
  The idea frightened me. He had hit really hard when he was making me
cum. I had no idea how bad it could get if he didn't want me to climax.
  "No wait. I have an idea. If I was tied with my head down to keep blood
in it I may not pass out."
  "That is a good idea but even if it works you will have many good
climaxes and I think that is counter-productive
  "I would like to give the first method one more chance. Let's think
about it and I'll come back in a few days. I am real tired now."
  "You aren't going anywhere until you are cured. Why do you think I
asked about your job. You will be in pain for months if necessary."
  That really scared me!
  "No! I have changed my mind. I don't want to be cured!"
  "You don't have a choice. I broke my vow of chastity for you and you
will pay for it. The door is locked and you are still tied.
  I knew the cuffs were still on my wrists and ankles but the ropes were
loose and I thought he had just untied them rather than unbuckling the
cuffs.
  I heard a clicking noise when he stepped behind me and my ropes began
to tighten. My hands were pulled behind my head then my butt began to
slide on the table as I was dragged until My body began to stretch. I
didn't complain because it felt kind of good at first but then I began to
feel a strain to my shoulders and knees that was painful. 
  "That's enough. I can't move if you want to whip me again."
  "It is not enough. I'll know when it is enough."
  He kept turning the winch one click at a time while I whimpered then
broke into sobs begging him to let me loose.
  "Why? You said that great pain brought on orgasms. this can keep you in
pain for as long as we want."
  "No! Not like this! This isn't hurting a sexy part. This is terrible!"
  "Then this should cure you of desiring pain. I'll be back in a little
while to see how you are doing."
  He left me! I was in intense pain for awhile but then my body must have
stretched and my nerves deadened because I got to the point of just being
uncomfortable. If this was a sample of what it would take to cure me I
knew I didn't want to be cured.
  He came back to check on me and I whimpered, "Please let me go. I am
cured! I no longer desire pain. I just want normal love."
  "Good. To celebrate I'll give you normal love."
  When I was loose he simply slid me down the table then fucked me in the
missionary position which I thought was appropriate. It wasn't really
normal love. There was no foreplay at all. He simply opened his fly to
put his huge dick in me then pumped furiously until he came in about a
minute. I was barely excited when he pulled out and said, "How was that?"
  "Wonderful. You have cured me! May I go home now?"
  "You are lying! What kind of heathen are you to lie to a priest. Your
reaction to normal love were not even close to your reactions when you
went into orgasm from pain."
  "No! It did feel good. I would have cum if it had lasted a little
longer. Honest!"
  "Possibly but the way you reacted it would have taken hours and no man
can last that long. When I am through any attention you get from a man
that does not involve pain will excite you."
  "Oh God! What are you going to do to me now. I really don't want to be
hurt anymore!"
  "It occurred to me while upstairs that you may honestly hate pain in
general but that you may still desire it on erogenous zones. That is
where we will concentrate our efforts."
  I actually had some hope. After all I had been able to overcome
horrendous pain to my butt, breasts, and pussy and so far he had not hit
nearly hard enough for me to be in greater pain than I could stand.
  It even started out well. He told me that I should see what is
happening to me to possibly increase my discomfort. He led me over to a
large mirror and tied me in front of it with my arms up and legs spread.
It was just like foreplay. My pussy was open just a little and my breasts
were out as if begging to be whipped.
  He caressed my trembling boobs then said, "Are you comfortable?"
  "Yes I guess so. I am a little frightened. Why?"
  "I don't want anything to hurt except erogenous zones."
  He went to the wall and picked out a really nasty looking whip. There
were four skinny tightly braided thongs with knots about three inches
apart. At the sight of it I began to moan in fear.
  He grinned and said, "I must have picked the proper instrument."
  He stepped behind me and brought it under my right armpit to let the
knots hit my breasts. It was obvious the whip would be wicked if used
hard but he didn't hit hard. There was just a sting and red blossoms
appeared on my breasts where the knots hit. I relaxed assuming this would
just be exciting while I watched in fascination as blossoms continued to
appear on my breasts and finally on my lower tummy and pussy when he
swung the whip up between my legs. My excitement continued to grow even
though it was obvious from the louder "Snaps!" and deeper colored
blossoms that he was hitting harder. 
  I could see my boobs being compressed and pulled into weird shapes and
my pussy lips wrenched open for center lashes to enter but it was just
bringing me to a peak.
  He stopped! It was awful. I was just on the edge of what I knew would
be a tremendous orgasm. I let my head fall and sobbed and pumped my hips
in frustration as the exciting pain changed to a throbbing ache.
  "Can you stand a few more?"
  "Oh yes! A lot more! Don't stop now I am nearly there."
  "That is what I thought. You'll get more, but later."
  What he did next was incredible. I knew it had to excite him to whip my
nude defenseless body but he just walked over to a chair and poured
himself a cup of coffee out of a thermos. He sipped it as he watched me
sobbing and trembling. My whole body felt hot from the whipping and sweat
was glistening on my body while I watched the dots on my body from the
knots turning darker and uglier.
  By the time he finished his coffee I had stopped sobbing and my
breathing was nearly normal. When he got up to come to me I was relieved
that I would be let down. I was exhausted and just wanted to go to sleep.
  He caressed my boobs and pussy saying, That whip made some interesting
patterns. Are you very sore?"
  It was a stupid question and it angered me.
  "Of course I am sore! Can't you see the dots are turning purple. Let me
down. I am exhausted I need sleep."
  That angered him. "You are in no position to make demands. Neither of
us will get much sleep. I left a note on the door saying I would be gone
a few days. I have another whip I want to try that will be much more
accurate."
  "No! I don't want any more pain even if it is on sexy parts."
  "You mean you don't want any more unless it brings you to orgasm. You
might make it this time. I almost went too far last time."
  He went to the wall and brought back a willow switch about three feet
long. It was tiny, only about a half-inch thick at the base and narrowing
to a point. I couldn't see how it could be too bad. Maybe it would bring
me to orgasm. This time I planned to hide my excitement.
  He went back to the wall to bring back another full-length mirror on
casters he brought behind me and had me direct him to position it so I
could see my butt. I was relieved he planned to spank me with the little
switch I had been afraid that even the switch would hurt badly on my sore
boobs and pussy.
  He began putting pink lines across both my butt cheeks. It just made a
tingle that I wanted closer to my clitoris so I raised up on my tip-toes
to encourage him to hit lower on my butt.
  He understood and grinned at me when he began lashing across the
junction of my hips and thighs so close to my pussy. I pushed my butt out
to make my pussy pooch out behind me but he teased me by hitting all
around it. I forgot all about hiding my excitement. My tummy was
pulsating with excitement and juice was beginning to drip from my pussy
when he suddenly brought the switch across his chest and back-handed my
breasts with the tip hitting squarely on my nipple.
  My excitement disappeared into a sea of agony. 
  Over and over the tip bit my nipples and then my clit as I struggled to
dodge to spoil his aim but even when I was successful the pain at the
edges of my nipples and clit was so terrible I was screaming until I was
so exhausted I just hung on the ropes jerking spasmodically as the tip
bit into me until blood began appearing in the tiny welts.
  He stopped when the blood began to drip then went back to the closet to
come back with a bottle of rubbing alcohol.
  I thought I was too exhausted to react to anything but when he poured
some on my nipple it caught fire. I began to scream again and pull away
but he just grabbed my other breast and pulled me forward to set it on
fire too.
  Finally he pinched my the lower lips of my pussy to pull me forward
then pressed the mouth of the bottle against my clit. The fire seemed to
climb clear inside my body. As I screamed and struggled he just said
nastily, "Relax! I am helping you! I don't want you to get infected."
  That was easy for him to say but the most sensitive places on my body
were on fire!
  "Don't help me! I am on fire! Please!! I can't stand this pain."
  "We seem to be making progress. This is pain to your sexiest parts."
  " Please!! I don't want pain to any part. I will never want pain
again."
  "Well then. I will try something you may like."
  He began to lick and nibble on my nipples. It felt wonderful. The pain
was soon replaced by a pleasant tingle as my nipples hardened then his
lips slid down my body until his tongue was gently caressing my clitoris.
  Incredibly my exhaustion was replaced by a growing excitement. Then he
used his fingers on my nipples while his tongue worked on my clit until I
was nearly at climax.
  Suddenly he stopped to say, "Are you enjoying this?"
  He knew I was! He had seen me near climax enough times to know I was
close. "Yes! It is wonderful! Please don't stop."
  "I am glad you appear to enjoy normal sex and not pain but you may be
faking. Since you no longer want pain you can prove you want me to
continue licking you by asking for a little spanking with the strap."
  I really didn't want to be hurt but I felt frustrated to have him stop.
I focused on the words "Little" and "Strap." I knew the strap had never
seemed bad and the few indicated by "Little" might be worth it to prove I
could reach climax with his tongue.
  "Please give me a little spanking so I can prove I prefer gentle love."
  He went to the wall and came back with a strap. I had never seen one
like it before. Lengths of leather had been stitched together to make it
about a half-inch thick. He held it out in front of my eyes so I could
see it was so stiff it remained straight when he held it out instead of
bending like a normal strap.
  "This is nothing like any strap you have experienced before. It is not
just thick. There is a strip of lead between layers to add weight. I used
it on one of the nuns. The bruises lasted over a week. I think I will
give you a birthday spanking of twenty."
  That really scared me. Anything that had left bruises over a few days
had been hell. This promised to be worse.
  "No No! Please! Don't even hit me once. I'll do anything if you won't
use that on me!"
  "I think that it is best for you to feel it. Then you won't object to
anything with the threat of it's being used again."
  I could see he would not change his mind. I squinched my eyes shut and
braced myself praying that my body could convert even this to excitement.
  When it hit I swore my pelvic bones had been bruised. I screamed at the
top of my lungs as my hips were pushed forward as far as I could stretch
under the ropes.
  "Please! No more! It is terrible!"
  "Oh yes. There will be nineteen more. To give you a break I will count
to twenty before the next one then nineteen etc until a count of two for
the last."
  That was no break! It made it twice as bad because my fear of the next
increased with each count. He counted very slowly by the time he got to
eighteen I was sobbing and pleading but it didn't work and the strap hit
an untouched portion to bring on unbelievable pain.
  He was diabolical. Each lash would hit a portion that had not been
numbed until there was no white skin left then he started over on the
portions where the nerves had come back alive and extra sensitive.
  I fainted on the tenth but it didn't help. He splashed buckets of cold
water on me to bring me back then continued.
  I gave up on getting him to stop and began to plead for him to hit
faster so it could be over. It was the wrong thing to do. He must have
thought I was beginning to enjoy it because he spaced them out further
and hit even harder.
  I lost track of the count. I must have fainted again on the last one
because after being doused with cold water until awake he laid the strap
on the ground and began untying me.
  I slumped to the cold concrete floor and laid on my stomach as my butt
continued to throb and burn.
  He said, "That was a lot of work. I am getting something to drink.
Would you like something."
  "Oh yes Please!" I croaked. My screams and sobbing had completely dried
my mouth and throat.
  "Aren't you going to thank me?"
  He had almost killed me I could not imagine why he should be thanked.
  "Thank you? For what?"
  "For only hitting you twenty times. I could have made it thirty or
forty."
  "Oh. Thank you for only giving me twenty."
  "You are welcome. Your butt would have probably been too numb to
appreciate more anyway."
  He may have been right but it was certainly not numb now. It throbbed
with pain and when I touched it lightly my fingers hurt it more."
  He went over to one of the buckets that held the cold water he had
thrown on me and soaked a towel he laid gently over my butt. That helped
a lot. The burn stopped right away and the throbbing seemed to diminish
as he left for drinks.
  In a few minutes he came back with cold beers. I glugged mine down
gratefully while he sipped his and watched me kneeling with my legs
spread to keep any pressure away from my butt. When I finished the second
beer he said, "Is your mouth and throat nice and wet again?"
  "Yes. Thank you. I was terribly thirsty."
  At that he stood up and began removing his clothes. When he was naked
exhibiting his very hard and thick dick he said, "You can properly thank
me by sucking my dick."
  He stood in front of me and I tentatively put his dick in my mouth. He
promptly gagged me by pulling on the back of my head to drive it down my
throat. I gagged at each of his thrusts but was able to breathe on the
out strokes until I gagged again as spurts of his semen shot down my
throat.
  He stepped back to sit on the floor while I watched his penis shrivel
to less than half it's size.
  He smiled, "That was good. A proper thanks. With some practise you
could become expert at fellatio.
  I assumed that was another word for cocksucking. It was certainly
classier and if it helped avoid pain I would be happy to do it again
although it did nothing for me.
  "How do you feel about pain now?"
  "I hate it. I'll do anything to avoid it."
  "Maybe. But you may just be lying. I think I will give you a little
test. Get back up on your knees. I have to urinate after the beer. You
will open your mouth and drink it."
  "No please! That is gross. I'll be sick."
  "Most likely. Would you rather be hurt?"
  "No. God no! I'll do it."
  Actually I would have preferred the thong whip on my front but I was
afraid if I said that he would do something worse.
  He had a big bladder and he made me swallow it all. He was barely done
before I could hold no more and ran to a corner to throw up until I just
had dry heaving.
  When I came back with tears on my cheeks he said, "Very good. You
proved you don't want pain. We are both tired now and need sleep."
  He put me back on the rack and stretched me but not to the point I was
in pain then threw a blanket over me and began blowing out the candles to
leave slamming the thick door behind me.
  It was pitch black and I slept fitfully. I was glad when he returned to
light the candles as I was sure I heard rats scurrying around all night
long and couldn't see if they were coming close.
  He came over to me and said, "You heal nicely. You have hardly a mark."
as he caressed my breasts and pussy. I just tightened up in fear he would
hurt them.
  He looked at me and said, " You don't seem to like being caressed." I
knew I should and quickly said, "Yes it feels good. I am just afraid that
you will hurt me."
  "No. Not for now. Trust me."
  He untied my legs then retied my ankles to the sides of the table to
spread them and lift my butt to totally expose and open my pussy lips. He
began to caress it which would have felt good except my clit was still
tender and I was afraid he might pinch it at any moment.
  Just as I was about to relax he stopped and said, "Just as I thought.
Caresses don't excite you. A normal woman would be sopping wet by now."
  I tried to tell him I was scared but he said, "Shut up. I'll bet this
will do it." 
  He took a short whip out of his back pocket that looked as if it was
made of leather shoestrings and began slapping it along my open gash. My
body betrayed me! In seconds the strings made a different "Splatting"
sound as my pussy became wet.
  He said triumphantly "I knew it would like that! See if it likes this!"
  He took a leather paddle out of his other pocketand turned it me to
show me it had small nails pushed through the leather. Just as I
screamed, "No!" he brought it down the whole length of my pussy and one
of the nails hit my clit. I screamed until I was hoarse but he kept it up
until my pussy was all bloody and I fainted.
  He evidentally cleaned me up while I slept because when I woke he held
a mirror to my pussy and said, "Maybe you are getting more sensitive to
pain. See. You weren't badly hurt." He pulled the lips around on my pussy
to show that it was just red. I was surprised as I thought he had turned
it to hamburger."
  I learned from that. From then on when he caressed me I would moan in
pleasure and when he touched my pussy I would fantasize about the sexiest
thing I could think of to help me get wet.
  I was happy with his disappointment that there was no excuse to hurt me
and even went further offering to suck his dick so he could fuck me. He
even let me get on top so I could control his dick to  provide enough
excitement to make it convincing as I faked orgasms while squeezing his
dick with my pussy muscles.
  I also learned to create fear by remembering the terrible lead strap so
I would not get excited by light whippings until he could no longer think
of an excuse to keep me any longer.
  When I was dressed He told me to come back the moment I even had a
pleasant fantasy of being whipped but I assured him that would never
happen.
  I felt proud of myself now that I could get pleasure from fucking alone
and also the acting skills that had let me be released.
  I really felt cured in spite of the fact that images of my whipping
would creep into my mind to excite me when I masturbated.
  About two weeks later Jane called saying "Jan I am glad you are home.
Mike and I have talked about you and we decided we were very unfair to
you.It was our fault you were hurt so much. We have been working on
restraint and we would like to show you how we have changed."
  "I don't think so. I have been cured of wanting pain. It was not your
fault. I wanted to be hurt bad but not now."
  "Oh I didn't mean we were going to hurt you. We want to demonstrate how
I can now accept pain to get fantastic orgasms without being badly hurt.
We thought you could learn from us. Mike has met a gorgeous man at work.
I am sure you will like each other. Could you come over about eight to
meet him?
  I hesitated afraid I might backslide into my old ways but as long as it
would be just her being hurt I agreed.
  I got there at eight and was relieved to see everyone in street
clothes. If they had been in their leather outfits I may have bolted.
Jane was out of character for her. She was wearing a big loose dress
going below her knees. It gave no hint of her fabulous figure unlike the
tight clothes she normally wore to show it off. The only sexy thing about
it was the square cut low neckline almost to her nipples that made it
obvious she was not wearing a bra.
  A few minutes later Alan showed up. He was gorgeous! About six feet
tall wearing a white t-shirt and jeans that showed off his big chest and
slim waist and a huge bulge at his crotch.
  We were introduced and made small talk. I found out he and Mike were
both executives of the same firm but had only met recently at a bachelor
party for one of the vice presidents. I knew he made good money and was
sure he had to have a girlfriend or wife so I asked him.
  "No. I am an old fashioned guy and todays women grasping for power
don't appeal to me. I am jealous of Mike. I want a wife just like Jane
who is willing to stay home to keep house and cater to me. I don't know
how he got so lucky. She may be the last one alive."
  We sat on the couch while Jane served drinks. He was very attentive and
was holding my hand or hugging me while he asked what I did. I lied and
said I was unemployed and drawing un-employment until I found another job
but in the meantime I was enjoying being at home remodeling my house.
That seemed to please him and he made me feel good by saying I was lovely
and had a great figure. He thought it was great that I dressed to show it
off in my spandex mini-dress.
  I told him I thought he was gorgeous too and couldn't resist running my
hand across his tight tummy. He grinned and turned to give me a kiss
turning me toward him by squeezing my tight butt cheek. It was like an
electric shock. I melted in his arms and was disappointed when he let me
go to lay back again to watch Jane and Mike on the couch across from us.
  They were kissing too but then Jane slipped between his legs and pulled
up his t-shirt to put kisses all over his stomach.
  Alan said, "God isn't that wonderful. She loves him so much. I would do
anything for a girl like her."
  I was ready to do the same thing for him but then Jane stood up and
said excitedly, "I'm ready."
  Mike grinned at her and said, "Good for you. Go get your whip."
  When she left Mike said to Alan, "I told her you didn't believe me when
I told you that she was willing to be spanked or whipped when she
displeased me. She is going to prove it to you even though she has done
nothing wrong."
  She came back in fondling their leather whip trembling with excitement.
  Alan's eyes got big and he gripped my butt cheek when Mike said, "Turn
sideways to me and lift your dress up to your butt so I can spank your
thighs. Are you willing to do that for me?"
  She sighed and said breathlessly, "Oh yes. I love you. I'll do anything
for you."
  She began folding up the dress until she stood there trembling with it
just below her crotch.
  While she stood there Mike fondled her thighs saying, "Doesn't she have
lovely thighs?"
  Alan gasped, "Oh God yes. She is going to have you whip them!"
  Mike began hitting the back of her thighs leaving dark pink lines then
had her turn again to do the fronts. I looked at Alans crotch and his
dick was straining the fabric of his pants.
  When the fronts were pink he had her face us and then said, "Spread you
legs so I can get to your tender inner thighs."
  She began slowly moving her legs apart almost four feet panting with
excitement.
  Alan cried, "My god! She is doing it!" 
  Meanwhile he was fondling my thighs and I slid up my dress to let his
hand get higher.
  Mike began slapping her inner thighs starting just above her knees and
making lines on one leg then the other creeping up to her crotch. Her
only reaction was little gasps and jerks at her dress to flash her naked
shorn pussy.
  He had her turn sideways again and she opened her legs as he said,
"Take off the dress."
  She lifted the dress slowly showing her body inch by inch with her
stomach pulsating and her breasts bobbing with her ragged breathing.
  Mike forehanded her butt at the top then backhanded her tummy at the
navel and began working down.
  By this time I was sitting between Alan's legs holding my dress at my
armpits so he could fondle my pussy with one hand and my breasts with the
other.
  When the lash came across the lips of her pussy it was the ultimate for
all of us. Jane dropped to her knees to rip open Mikes pants and slide
them down his legs as I pulled my dress the rest of the way off and
unzipped Alan's pants as he pulled off his T-shirt.
  We jumped on their laps to drive their dick's into our pussies panting
and groaning with excitement. I began having orgasms immediately.
  When they came we laid back thirstily chugging our drinks.
  When he had his breath back he said, "Jesus! Thank you Jane. I have
never seen anything so exciting in my life." Jan. It got to you too. You
were almost as excited as me. I came so hard I may not get a hard-on for
days."
  I agreed it had excited me at least as much as him then he said, "Mike.
You are so lucky to have her. I'll never get so lucky. You should make
her so happy she will never want to leave you.
  Then he said, "You are wonderful too Jan. Your pussy is so tight it
felt like a wet hand squeezing me. I want to make you my steady girl."
  My resolution against pain went right out the window. I said, "I love
you too. You are fantastic. I am willing to have you whip me anywhere you
want, with anything, for no reason other than to excite you."
  I felt his dick squirm in my hand as he said, "Really? You would be
willing to suffer for me? All my other girls bitched if they were just
annoyed."
  "Oh yes! I have been dreaming of a man to take care of me and train me
to please him. I'll prove it to you. You can whip me now. I'll bet that
will make a liar of you about your dick not being able to get hard."
  Without a word Jane handed him the whip. I went between his legs
pressing my tits to his stomach and moaned, "Spank my ass."
  He hit me several times as I felt his dick grow but not hard enough
then he quit saying, "Enough. I am hard!"
  I wanted to cum from the whip! I moaned, "No. That didn't hurt enough
to prove I will suffer for you."
  I turned around to hold on to his legs then brought my head back to
press on his dick as I gasped, "Whip my boobies."
  He whipped one then the other each a little harder than the last since
I made no protest until I was at my peak of excitement then squealed,
"Hit my pussy!" I spread my legs and arched up to feel glorious pain as
the thongs went into my pussy and he dragged them up to slide against my
clit for the next. After three or four I squealed loudly in orgasm and he
pushed me forward on my hands and knees to fuck me doggy style. He was so
excited it only took about a dozen pumps for him to cum but it was
alright as I had one explosive orgasm from the whip and others from him.
  We are getting married in the spring. He is wonderful he pampers and
spoils me between whippings and never hurts me real bad.
  He is so proud of me he will take me to Mike and Janes to show them a
new whip I buy for him and that I will assume any position he wants to
use it on me.
  It is just ideal. He will never hurt me bad enough to bleed even when I
get so excited I beg him to hit harder. I never have to worry about going
to the hospital. Dad is going to give us the house as a wedding present.
We are both glad I will be able to scream at climaxes without scaring
neighbors.
                                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





