BDSM Library - Dixie




Dixie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She meets a football player who, after marriage, shows he is a srtrict dominant.
Dixie
by Allene

All my friends and family were really happy when I met Dick. He
was rich after retiring as a professional football player and
very handsome and they thought it was cute for him to be Dick to
my Dixie.
    On our first date he told me that he was an oldfashioned kind
of guy and that the feminist movement was bullshit. He thought
women were too independenat now and that he was capable of taking
care of a wife with no need for her to work. 
    I agreed with him. I told him my grandfather and grandmother
lived happily together for fifty years but my Mom who insisted on
working was with her third husband. My grandma was very happy
taking care of the house, her children and grandpa while Mom and
her husbands fought at least once a week. I had never heard
Grandma and grampa raise their voices to each other and I thought
that was great. My Mom did not agree. She said Grandma was too
submissive letting Grandpa rule her life and she could never live
like that. She told me I only saw them when everything was nice.
She had seen Grandpa spank Grandma like an unruly child when she
displeased him with her panties down just like my mom when she
was little. 
    I knew that could not be all that bad because Grandma never
said anything bad about him and probably deserved the spankings.
    He seemed very interested. "Do you mean you wouldn't mind if
your husband spanked you?"
    "No. I don't think so. Mom said they hurt and were really
humiliating but if I did something wrong I suppose I would
deserve it."
    That seemed to make him happy and we started dating steadily.
He was also happy when he made advances and I told him that I
could not go further as I was still a virgin and planned to stay
that way until married. I told him that I was not ignorant and
had seen sex in movies and looked forward to it but thought I
should wait until I could feel free to do anything my husband
desired.
    I think now he was testing my submissiveness on our dates
because he would decide where we were going and order my food
asking if I objected. I never did because he always made better
choices than I would.
    He even began buying my clothes which were much sexier than I
would have chosen. Finally he bought some lingerie that was
really sexy and I said I would be embarrassed to wear it. He said
that only my husband and myself would see it if I was telling the
truth about my virginity and he wanted me to wear it as it
excited him to know I had it on. I had to agree. 
    Then one night he said he felt childish and decided that he
wanted to take me to an amuzement park the next day and I should
wear the mini-dress he had bought for me with the matching blue
lingerie.
    The next morning I put on the outfit but the mini-skirt
flared and when I twirled I could see my bare bottom since the
panties were just a small vee with elastic strings that hid so
little of my sex that I had trimmed my pubic hair to the same
small vee because the hair looked gross escaping around it. I
thought the rides might make the skirt flare so I put on my
standard white cotton panties.
    When he saw me he said I looked lovely making me proud but
when we were in his car he asked If I was wearing the pretty
lingerie. 
    I could have lied but I explained I was afraid the skirt
would flare up and someone might see my bare bottom.
    He was angry. "You lied to me! You said last night you would
wear what I told you. All you had to do was be ladylike and the
skirt would stay down. You are being naughty. I should spank you
but I think I will just take you home and find a girl that can
follow simple commands."
    I panicked! I had really enjoyed all the things we had done
and he seemed to be falling in love with me. I already loved him
and was living for the time he would ask me to marry him.
    "No please don't take me home. You are right! I should have
worn them and just been careful. Take me to your place and spank
me! I deserve it! Spank me until you are sure I won't disobey
again."
    "Are you sure? It will hurt. You may hate me afterwards."
    I had no idea what a spanking would feel like. My mom had
sworn there was no way I would be humiliated the way she was
until she ran off to marry at sixteen.
    "No I won't. I deserve it. The more it hurts the more I will
hate myself for not doing what I had agreed to do. Please do it.
You can use your belt. Grandpa used his belt."
    "Alright. I think I love you. If you can take it without
hating me I think we should be married."
    That made me look forward to the spanking. I hugged him on
the way to his house and told him that I would prove I was not
angry by thanking him for the spanking when it was over.
    "How many spanks do you think you should get?"
    "That is not up to me. Spank me until you are satisfied."
    "No. I think you should make a committment so you can't say
later I gave too many."
    I thought a minute and remembered Mom had complained she
would sometimes get thirty spanks. She didn't indicate that
caused a lasting problem so I said, "I am not sure. Would thirty
be enough?"
    That seemed to make him happy and he kissed me at the
stoplight.
    It occurred to me that I had never been spanked and had no
idea how much pain was involved but it was too late to back out.
I hoped he may take pity on me when I said, "I have never been
spanked. Will it hurt awful?"
    "No. It will sting and your skin will get red but it is not
unbearable. Some girls even like it."
    I doubted that but I was committed and didn't try to stall
when we got to his house.
    He took off his belt when we went in and gave it to me. 
    "Here. This is what I will use. Hold it and let me know if
you want to change your mind."
    It was just a small dress belt that felt soft and it did not
frighten me but holding my instrument of torture reminded me I
would soon be feeling the sting and by agreeing to it I would
also be committing myself to further spankings when I displeased
him.
    "Will you be using this on me again if I displease you?"
    "No. After we are married I will take you to a place I know
and you can pick out a proper instrument that will be hung on the
wall to remind you to be a good girl."
    "You mean like a whip?"
    "Possibly. That will be your choice."
    I thought about it for a moment then said softly, "I guess
that would be fair."
    "Are you ready for your spanking?"
    "Yes. Should I just bend over for it?"
    "No. You may lose your balance. Lean over the back of that
chair."
    He pointed to a large overstuffed chair and as I leaned over
it for some reason instead of fear I was feeling excited.
    He said, "Are you going to be able to lie there quietly or
would it be better for you to be tied in position?"
    That excited me more and it would also relieve me of having
to concentrate on being still.
    "I think I should be tied. I am kind of a sissy and may not
be able to resist trying to get away even though I want you to do
it and will try to be brave."
    "I think you made a good choice. Especially for the first
time. I have some soft silk neckties to tie you with."
    He tied my ankles to the chair legs which spread my legs
enough to raise my hemline then he tied my wrists to the legs in
front to press my breasts into the chair seat and bring my heels
off the floor and press my pubic bone into the back of the chair.
I had seen my bottom in the mirror in my bathroom when I bent
over to pick up a towel. I realized my pussy would be pooching
out between my open legs and hoped he would not hit it but then
perversely wondered how that would feel.
    When I was securely tied he said, "You could not feel this
little belt hitting your clothes so I will lift your skirt and
pull down your panties."
    "Yes.. I know. Mom said Grandpa did it that way but that will
be embarrassing."
    "You should be embarrassed. It is part of the punishment. You
will get used to it. We will soon be married and I plan to see
you naked a lot."
    That excited me more and I said, "You are right. I am sorry I
objected."
    "Good girl! I am proud of you."
    When he lifted my skirt and saw my big cotton panties he
said, "Jesus, where did you get these ugly things. You will never
wear them again."
    He took a penknife out of his pocket and cut them off me. His
fingers against my bare bottom to keep the knife away from my
skin excited me even more.
    He then pulled the skirt up until it was loose from the chair
and my dress settled down to my shoulders leaving me bare to my
breasts.
    "Oh! Are you going to hit my back too?"
    "Yes. Thirty are too many for just your butt. I would have to
hit the same place over and over which may bruise you.You will be
red from your shoulders to mid-thigh."
    As he said that he slid his hands up my thighs over my butt
and down my back saying, "You have a lovely body. I won't damage
it." 
    His kindness made my fear go away and his touch on my naked
skin and the compliment made me totally aroused. Since he thought
I was pretty I wanted him to see even more.
     I said in a voice shaking with excitement, "Then the dress
should be out of the way. Pull it down to my wrists."
    He said "Good girl." as he bunched it around my wrists then
said, "The bra straps are still in the way."
    I moaned, "Yes! Get rid of it."
    He used his penkife to cut it off and then I was totally
naked with my nipples pressing on the sensuous leather of his
chair.
    He stepped back then I felt a sharp sting across both cheeks
of my ass followed by heat that seemed to go directly to my
clitoris. The pain I had dreaded was just fantastically exciting.
Then there was a sting just above the last then just below. he
followed that pattern going down my thighs and up my back with
the end of the belt snapping against my side. My excitement rose
with each lash and when the end of the belt hit the side of my
breast with the next curling around my thigh to hit my inner
thigh millimeters from my pussy I had an orgasm stronger than I
had ever achieved from masturbation.
    At that point he changed sides and the end hit my other
breast then the inner thigh of my other leg.
    Then he stepped behind me and fore-handed and backhanded the
sides of my breasts  to drive me into greater orgasms as I panted
and slid my nipples around on the leather made wet by my
perspiration. I pulled back to let my nipples slide as far as
possible. That pulled my hips away from the chair and he back-
handed and forehanded the side of my hips to let the tip sting my
pussy. I pushed up with my hands with the shock of another orgasm
which lifted my boobs so the tip could hit my nipples. The
sharper pain just brought a stronger orgasm.
    Suddenly he stopped and began caressing my tingling nipples
and pussy as he said, "There is just one place still white."
    I knew he meant my pussy and wanted the greater pain that I
new would be pure excitement. I panted, "Yes! Make it red too!"
    He brought the belt up between my legs to hit the left pussy
lip then the right. The last one up the center that put the tip
on my clit made me scream in ultimate orgasm.
    He untied me and held me against his chest to kiss me and
say, "You are wonderful. I want to marry you."
 I hugged and kissed him saying, "Thank you for my whipping. You
have seen me naked and since we are getting married please make
love to me so I will know you have forgiven me."
    He picked me up and carried me to his bedroom. I watched in
fascination as he undressed to reveal a throbbing erection about
eight inches long and as thick as my wrist.
    There was a stabbing pain as he broke my hymen then I started
having new orgasms. He was a wonderful lover. He lasted long
enough to give me three more orgasms that either made me pass out
or go to sleep.
    When I woke up he was gently caressing my nipples and pussy.
He said, "You are wonderful! I have been looking for you all my
life. I will show you all aspects of sex so you can continue
having orgasms always."
    I suddenly felt ashamed. I had been excited not only by the
whipping which was supposed to be painful and humiliating but
also loved the sex that Mom had said was just a duty women had to
perform for their husbands.
    "Yes but it isn't normal for me to be excited by pain. Even
worse I just had this dream where I was hung from the ceiling
while I was whipped like the slaves in the South and it excited
me. I feel ashamed."
    "Don't. There is nothing wrong with anything that excites
you. If you hated it but still allowed it you would be strange.
Your dream excites me too."
    At that he kissed my lips, then my neck, then my nipples and
stomach until I felt this wonderful feeling when his tongue began
caressing my clit. I had heard of that but always assumed it was
just someones fantasy. I never expected to have it done to me and
resolved to keep my pussy clean and sweet so he would always want
to do it.
    He kept it up until my first orgasm then turned me over to
fuck me doggy style. Just as I went into another orgasm he jammed
his thumb into my ass-hole I had never thought of this area as
sexy but it threw me into an orgasm nearly as great as the belt
hitting my pussy.
    That made it plain to me that Mom had lied and Grandma did
the right thing.
    We napped awhile then he said he had to take me home to make
the curfew my parents had set although I was eighteen.
    He kissed me on my doorstep then said he would be back in the
morning with my engagement ring.
    I woke Mom to tell her the news. She was a little doubtful.
"Are you sure honey? He is about ten years older than you. He may
want to treat you more like a daughter than a wife. You may have
trouble controlling him."
    "Mom! I don't want to control him. I just want to be a good
wife and make him happy."
    "All men get bored eventually. It is better to let them know
right away that if they don't toe the line you will divorce him
and take everything he has."
    "Mom! Who are you to give advice. You had two miserable
marriages and this one is looking rocky."
    "Maybe so but I always came out on top."
    I could see there was no use arguing with her and went to my
bedroom where I stripped to see if I was bruised. To my amazement
although he had whipped me for a long time all traces had already
gone except for a few tiny bruises on the sides of my breasts.
    I went to bed but couldn't sleep. In the past when I couldn't
sleep I would play with my clit until I had a little orgasm which
would bring on sleep. Now I was spoiled. After that great sex
nothing made me excited until I had this fantasy where I was tied
hanging from the goalposts while he whipped me in the bright
lights used for games while loud cheers came from the stadium
full of people. Even that fantasy would not let me get even close
to the orgasms he had provided. 
    The next morning he came by and gave me a two carat diamond
for my engagement. Even Mom was impressed especially since he
said we would be married the next weekend at Las Vegas and that
he would pay all Mom's and my step-dads expenses. She loved to
gamble but was cheap and would just play with the chips given to
her when she stayed at a casino.
    He said he would take me shopping for clothes for the wedding
and honeymoon. I don't know how much he spent but it was a
fortune. I know the wedding dress cost two thousand dollars. He
bought clothes for lounging, sports, evening wear, and casual
clothes. He spent more on alterations. Nothing standard showed
enough of my breasts or had short enough skirts. He even had them
hem up my short-shorts until you could see the curve of my butt
and had the waist trimmed to well below my belly-button. When I
complained that a dress with a vee neckline that went down below
my belly-button was too much he ignored me and had them open it
until it was more like a rectangle. Then I was sure my breasts
would slide through the wide opening and complained again.
    When he said, "They can be glued in. That is two objections
to my choices. One more and you will be punished."
    I just giggled and said, "Oh wow. Big threat."
    He called me over to him and said, "I know your spanking
excited you but I can make it really hurt. You had better be
good."
    I blushed embarrassed he knew since it seemed so perverted. I
had thought my screams and moans as I went into orgasms would be
interpreted as reaction to the pain and made no more protests
although I was afraid people who saw me in them would think I was
a hooker.
    When I told him that, he said, "Looking like a hooker is an
attitude. You don't think movie and rock stars that wear things
like this are hookers. You must be proud. Really sophisticated
women wear see through blouses that are sexier than naked to the
opera. No-one thinks they are hookers."
    I realized he was right. I had seen women in white see
through blouses in restaurants that were really cool and I
remembered that I was jealous of all the attention they received.
    We then bought lingerie. I was embarrassed again as women
came in to put on and take off different styles while I stood
there naked but a little excited too as other customers, some
men, got glimpses of me when the door opened to bring in
something else. As I expected he rejected everything that hid
more than my nipples or pussy.
    I had never followed sports so when we got to Vegas I was
amazed to find I was with a real celebrity. The casinos could not
do enough for him and he must have signed a hundred autographs.
We just had a simple wedding at one of the chapels where the
preacher spent most of the time staring at my breasts since the
cleavage was so wide only my nipples were covered.
    After the ceremony we went to a reception sponsored by the
casino then on to a show with our complimentary tickets.
    It was a spectacular show with great music and costumes but
some of the girls were only wearing tiny "G-strings" like my
panties. When I asked Dick how they could be so naked in front of
all those people he said, "Nudity is only bad if you have an ugly
body. You look good and I will have you nude as much as possible
until you get used to it. Your silly inhibitions will have to
go."
    I was afraid to ask if he would want me to be nude in front
of people other than him.
    After that show we went to a late show at a strip club. I
couldn't understand how they could do what they did without being
arrested. They stripped completely and when they took off their
panties they had no hair on their pussies. When they spread their
legs you could see inside and if that was not enough they would
put their fingers in to spread it open even more.
    I whispered, Dick! They have no hair. You can see
everything!"
    "Yes. That reminds me. I know you loved having me lick your
pussy but I don't like hair in my mouth. Tonight we will shave
off your hair."
    "Oh! That will make me feel terribly naked."
    "Yes. And pay attention to the dancers. I think I would enjoy
having you dance for me."
    "But I don't know how to dance."
    "Just watch. It doesn't take any training."
    He was right. They mostly just moved their butts in time with
the music or crawled on the floor dragging their nipples and
flopped on their back to push up their pussies in time to the
music while they squeezed their boobs or played with their
pussies. I would look stupid if I said I couldn't do it."
    When we got to our room he had me strip then lay back on the
bed with pillows under my butt to raise my pussy while he shaved
it. I especially felt naked since he was totally dressed. All the
fondling of my pussy while he made sure he got every hair made me
real excited and I was disappointed when he told me to get up and
look at myself in the mirror rather than make love to me.
    It was really strange. I felt really naked and said, "Gee I
look like I am nine years old." I couldn't resist touching it and
said, "It feels so strange but it feels real soft and smooth. Do
you like it?"
    "Yes but we won't shave it anymore because I don't want the
hair to get coarse. You will check it every day and if you see a
hair pluck it out. Now it is time for your dance. Lets see if you
can get me aroused."
    He put a music channel on TV then began to undress. That
encouraged me to get him excited since he obviously planned to
fuck me since he was undressing.
    I tried to do everything the strippers did but he stopped me
after one song and I felt like a failure since his prick was not
real hard.
    "I'm sorry I didn't excite you. Maybe I will get better with
practise."
    "No. It has been a long day and I have seen a lot of naked
girls. I just need something extra."
    "Oh do you want to spank me? I know that makes you excited."
    "No. I don't know how thin these walls are and I don't want
to alarm the neighbors. You know how much you liked having me
lick your pussy? Well it feels good to men to have a girl lick
and suck their pricks. Come over here and kneel between my legs."
    I know it sounds crazy but I was sorry he didn't want to whip
me and sucking on his penis seemed gross.
    It was not as bad as I thought. He kept himself clean so
there was no bad taste but it did nothing to excite me I could
have just been sucking on a polish sausage and it demeaned me for
him to say, That's right my little cock sucker. Use your tongue
and get it in your mouth as far as you can."
    Thankfully I only had to do it until it got hard and it was
worth it to have him fuck me until I had an orgasm even though it
was not as strong as when I had been "Spanked."
    He knew it and said, "I'm sorry it was not as good for you.
Don't worry. We will have privacy tomorrow at my cabin and you
can be whipped into a fantastic orgasm."
    It embarrassed me to bring up my "Perversion." "I don't know
why spankings excite me. Do you think I should see a
psychiatrist?"
    "God no! Why tamper with something we both enjoy. It is the
reason I married you. I love you just the way you are."
    It didn't make me feel any less perverted but at least he
loved me and it was plain we both needed it because we agreed to
go to sleep rather than continue to make love as we had before."
    The next morning we had breakfast with Mom and her husband.
She was ecstatic. She had won over a thousand dollars. When Dick
said we were going to do a little shopping then leave to go to
his cabin she said she may stick around a few days. Dick told her
that was okay with him and they had a free room as long as they
wanted it. That ended all her objections to him. She told me I
had married a wonderful man and I should do every thing I could
to keep him happy."
    After our late breakfast he took me to a large store with all
kinds of sexy things. The first thing he showed me were several
magazines with photos of women tied up and whipped. He said,
    "See. You don't have to feel strange. There are a lot of
women like you."
    I thought even more so. A lot of the pictures showed women
being tortured with really evil looking whips and a lot of them
had big rings in their nipples and pussy that must have taken a
nail to make a hole big enough. I was sure I would not like that.
    After we browsed through the magazines he took me to the back
of the store that looked like a supply center for torture
chambers. I recognised the stretching rack and a pillory from
history books at school but there was a lot more special
furniture to tie a girl forcing her legs open. All four walls
held manacles, wrist cuffs, harnesses, and everything imaginable
to whip or spank someone. 
    The owner came up and introduced himself, He said, "I am glad
to see you. I have always been one of your biggest fans. What can
I do for you. For you everything is twenty percent off."
    Dick grinned at him and said, "Meet my new wife, Dixie. She
needs a little punishment from time to time. I decided to let her
pick out some whips and things."
    "Well it is hard to judge how well suited a whip is just by
looking. Why don't you just pick out an assortment and try them
on her. There is a soundproof room in the basement with a
camcorder if you would like to record her visit. There is no
charge for the camcorder. I'll even give you a blank tape."
    I was dying of embarrassment while Dick said, "That is a
great idea! It will give her something to look at when I am out
of town to help her get off with masturbation."
    "Oh Dick no! Let's just leave. I am awfully embarrassed. Why
did you tell him I liked being whipped."
    Dick laughed and said, "He didn't need to be told. You would
not be here if you weren't interested. I said we would get some
whips. You better take him up on his offer or I may pick some
that will really hurt you."
    The man said, "He is right. Some of these things can leave
nasty scars. I'll suggest a few that won't cut you."
    I flashed back to one of the magazines showing a woman with
big scars on her breasts and pussy and realized that if I refused
and made Dick mad he would probably pick out the worst.
    "I guess we should. Would you pick out some things that
aren't too bad?"
    "I would be glad to help you."
    He began filling a basket with whips, paddles, bamboo canes
of different thicknesses, stiff rubber switches of different
lengths, little whips that looked like they were made of leather
boot strings and one strange thing with a small leather paddle at
the end of a nylon shaft.
    I realized that if I was only hit once with each one I may be
too exhasted from the pain and orgasms to leave without a rest.
    He led us down to the basement and opened a thick door to
reveal chains with padded wrist cuffs hanging from the ceiling
and other cuffs about four feet apart on the floor.
    He said, "This used to be a food store and this was the cold
room. You can't hear anything that happens here. I just added
lights for the camcorder and heat so it would be comfortable."
    He left and Dick told me to strip. 
    "Please don't hurt me too badly. "There is an awful lot of
things. You won't try them all will you?"
    "Of course. We want to be sure we have the perfect things.
Don't worry. I will know if a whip is too bad."
    When I was naked he had me spread my legs to attach the ankle
cuffs so far I felt my pussy lips open then put on the wristcuffs
and went to a wall with buttons marked "Up" and "Down" then
pushed the "Up" button. There was a clanking sound as my arms
were pulled up until I was stretched so tight I could barely
move.
    Suddenly the door opened and the man walked in. I blushed to
my toes and moaned, "I didn't know a stranger would see me naked.
Please make him leave."
    He said, "I am sorry I surprised you. I was just bringing the
blank tape and to make sure you knew how to operate the chains.
Should I leave?"
    Dick said, "No. I told her that she would have to get used to
being nude. This will be a good start. Doesn't she look great?"
    Oh yes. Being stretched really  makes women look good. It
raises their breasts and flattens their tummies."
    That implied I normally had droopy boobs and a fat gut. I
said, "My boobies are high and tummy tight without being hung."
    Dick came over to me to squeze my breasts and push on my
tummy as he said "That is true honey but they look even better
now. Feel her Jim, she is tight as a drum."
    I couldn't believe he would let this stranger touch me. I
squirmed in embarrassment as he felt the whole front of my body
then squeezed my butt cheeks.
    He said, "You can't see how great you look." 
    He went over to the wall and rolled over a big mirror on
casters so I could see my front and sides. They were right! I
looked great! My waist looked as if it had shrunk at least three
inches and even the small crease under my boobies was gone. I
felt proud and no longer minded being naked except for the fact
my clitoris had become so engorged it was actually sticking out
from my stretched pussy lips to let them know what a slut I was
to become so excited when a normal girl would probably be
struggling and begging to be freed. My joints began to hurt from
being stretched so tight but this just just made it plain how
vulnerable my body was to the whips and increased my excitement.
    "You did a good job Dick. Look, even her pussy is pulled
tight to let her clit be vulnerable."
    "Yeah. The only time her pussy was hit she was loose and the
clit was hid. She had a great orgasm at that. This way should
make her crazy."
    I panicked! My clit was so sensitive gentle caresses threw
sensations all over my body. "No! No! You wouldn't hit my clit.
That would kill me."
    Jim said, "Don't worry. That will be saved for last after you
are fully aroused. You will be begging us to hit it to throw you
into the greatest orgasm ever."
    I doubted that and continued to moan, "No. No. Please let me
go." Actually I would have been disappointed if they had let me
loose I just thought I should protest so I wouldn't look so
perverted.
    They ignored my protests and began laying out the whips. Jim
said, "I think it is best to start out with easy ones. As she
becomes aroused and her nerves deaden the more painful ones will
be welcomed."
    I shuddered in fear as he laid out the first whip that looked
like a combination of six of the little dress belts Dick had used
on me. Then another identical only with longer and thicker
thongs, after that was one with the same length thongs but made
of braided leather with knots at the end. the next two he said
were made of rubber. They looked like black snakes with one about
two feet long and the other four feet. Then a strange one made of
a nylon shaft like a fishing pole with a leather paddle on the
end a little bigger than a silver dollar.
    Jim said, "This will test your accuracy. It is meant to be
used just on the nipples and clit."
    I shuddered again knowing those were the most sensitive
places on my body.
    Finally he put down a whip that looked as if it was just
eight leather bootstrings braided to make a handle with the
strings hanging out about two feet.
    "This is for dessert. If she hasn't cum by the time you get
to this it will surely do it. You bring it up between her legs to
sink the center thongs in her slit then drag the thongs up to
slide on her clit. The little knots will drive her into an orgasm
that usually makes women faint.
    I begged, "Please just use that one. Forget the others they
will all hurt too much."
    Jim laughed and said, "No. You have to earn this one by being
brave through the others. Are you ready to start?"
    "Oh God! Please don't make me say yes. It implies I want the
pain."
    "I am sure you do. If not you can hang there until you are
ready."
    "Oh no! My shoulders and hips already hurt."
    "We can wait. Dick. Would you like to go up for a few beers?"
    "No! Don't leave me. I am ready."
    "Say 'Please use all the whips on me."
    That would remove all pretense I was being forced into this
and worst of all I would see myself asking for them on the tape.
I knew that if I said I would go to the police if they did not
let me go I would be released but perversely the threat to leave
me hanging provided my excuse to say, "Please use the whips on
me. All of them!"
    Dick picked up the first whip and hit my butt. To my surprise
having multiple thongs spread the sting over a larger area than
his belt and the air must have slowed it as there was just a
"Slap" and a small sting followed by heat.
    Jim must have noticed my tiny reaction because he said,
"Dick. You are an athlete. You know the importance of follow
through. Try it again."  
    On the second he brought it way back then around his body to
make a much sharper sting and the feel of the thongs sliding
across my butt. That made me gasp and Jim said, "Much better. One
more."
    The next seemed to put my butt on fire but the heat went
right to my pussy to make the pain exciting.
    Then he picked up the longer one. The leverage from the
longer thongs really stung but by then it just created more
excitement.
    Jim said, "There is a reason for the longer thongs. May I
demonstrate?"
    Dick said, "Sure. You are the expert."
    I moaned, "No. Oh no. I thought only you would whip me. I
love you."
    "This is an exception so I can learn to give you maximum
excitement."
    Jim took the whip and stood close to my side. I felt pain to
my butt followed instantly to even greater pain across the front
of my hips at my pubic bone as the tips seemed to increase their
speed as they curled around my body. The sharp pain just above my
pussy made me gasp in excitement. I looked at the mirror to see
red stripes oh so close to my clit.
    Jim gave the whip back to Dick and said, "Try hitting her
back about where her bra has left a tan line."
    The pain to my back was nothing compared to the feeling as it
curled around my side to let the ends sunk into both my boobs and
made them jump. He must have liked seeing them jump as he did it
again which brought me to a new level of excitement seeing my
nipples sink under a thong on them to pop out stiffer than ever.
I moaned in  disappointment when he put down the whip to pick up
the next. Jim felt my wet pussy saying, "She is aroused enough to
continue. This one could cut her if you use a full swing. Think
of it as a nine iron and just use a short back-swing to forehand
and back hand her thighs.
    That was totally different. The whip seemed to cut into me
causing a deeper pain to make me yelp and also redder stripes but
it also brought me to that wonderful, terrible feeling just
before the orgasm.
    Jim said, "A little higher this time."
    The forehand hit the bottom of my butt and when I pushed
forward the backhand came across my front just above my clit.
That threw me into orgasm. so when he did the same with the
longer snake letting the tip go across the lips of my pussy I
screamed as I went into a greater orgasm and my body began
convulsing.
    Dick stopped and said, "Jesus! Is she alright?"
    "Yes. She is in orgasm. Keep them going with the nipple
paddle."
    Dick stepped in front of me to hit my nipple then my clit
then my other nipple. It caused a terrible burn and I screamed
"You are killing me! Don't stop!"
    Jim said, "We had better go to the last. You use it on her
pussy while I keep her nipples hot."
    Then all my sensitive parts were aflame as Jim stood by my
side to hit one nipple then the other while dick slapped and drug
the knotted bootstring through my wet gaping pussy and clitoris.
Suddenly I was staring at the tortured girl as if it was someone
else and the pain disappeared to be replaced by pure sensation.
    I just went crazy from the sensations that drove me higher
and higher until I passed out.
    When I woke up I was lying naked on a cot. My nipples and
clit were still throbbing and I got up to look at myself in a
mirror to see if I was badly bruised. To my amazement my body was
just pink with the only evidence of my ordeal being some still
red welts left by the rubber whips. 
    I began to get excited as I caressed the welts and remembered
the pain they caused. Suddenly I felt ashamed knowing I had been
naked and whipped in front of a stranger with only token
protests. I put on my clothes and sat on the cot confused and
ashamed until Dick returned.
    "Oh you are awake. How do you feel?"
    "I am not hurt as bad as I thought. Only my nipples and clit
are still throbbing but I feel horribly ashamed. I thought you
loved me. How could you let a stranger see me naked and even whip
me?"
    "I knew that would make it even more exciting for you and it
did. Didn't it?"
    I cried as I said,  "Yes but that just makes me more ashamed.
How did you know I would react that way? "You know I am not a
slut. I was a virgin."
    "That only meant you had a lot of pent-up emotions.I knew the
first moment I saw you that you were incredibly sensual just by
the way you moved and the way you caressed youself as you
smoothed out your skirt and blouse. Your reaction to my spanking
clinched it. Remember? It was your idea to be nude. All I had
done was push your skirt above your butt and I would have been
satisfied by that. When you suggested you should be naked I knew
you would accept further adventures."
    I knew I liked to feel my hands on my skin but had not
realized before that I did it in front of others using the excuse
of removing wrinkles in my clothes. He was right. I wanted to be
naked and helpless for the spanking. If he had not suggested I be
tied I would have. I knew at that point that I would be terribly
thrilled.
    We left the store and I noticed he was empty-handed.
    "You didn't buy any whips. Does that mean you are sorry you
hurt me and won't whip me anymore?"
    "They are already in the trunk. I bought them all. Even the
one we did not use."
    "I thought you used all of them."
    "No. I skipped over the braided leather one he called a 'Cat
of Nine tails' because he said it would leave bad welts. We will
save that for the time you really deserve being hurt by being
dis-obediant."
    I shuddered at the thought of a whip that would hurt even
more than the others and said, "I will never be dis-obediant. I
let you do things no other girl would allow."
    "I know and I love you for that but remember from the
magazines there are other girls that not only allow it but relish
it. You could be like them."
    That frightened me that I could be like a girl in a photo
that was just standing untied with a look of ecstacy on her face
with big red welts crossing her body. I thought it would be best
to reminded him the thought of being whipped frightened me and
that I only allowed it because I loved him even though I had to
admit once it started it brought on excitement that could not be
matched any other way.
    He hugged me and told me I was wonderful on the way to his
cabin which made it all worthwhile.
    The cabin was actually a log house in a beautiful wooded area
at the edge of the lake. He said he owned all the property around
the lake and we had complete privacy. 
    He told me to get undressed and to swim and sun while he
barbecued some steaks for us.
    I started to dig in our luggage for my swimming suit but he
stopped me saying, "You don't need a bathing suit. We are alone.
Swim naked."
    I went outside naked feeling a little embarrassed as I
imagined there may be people hidden behinf trees looking at me
but then perversely that possibility just excited me and I began
to twirl and pose for my imagined audience. The sun and warm
breeze felt very sensual. I was amazed at how sensitive I had
become. I had been outside in bathing suits and had never noticed
the gentle caresses of a breeze.  
    The cool water and warm sun felt wonderful. In a little while
even the welts faded. While I was feeling my body enjoying the
fact that the whipping seemed to make me more sensitive he yelled
out that everything was ready and I went up to dress for dinner.
He told me to stay nude. I would be nude all the time we were
there unless it got cold.
    He was dressed so I said, "Why don't you take off your
clothes too. The sun and breezes feel wonderful on your skin."
    "No. My being dressed will make you feel even more naked and
remind you that we are not equal. You are my love slave and I am
your master."
    He was right and being a slave made it seem alright when
after dinner he said, "I want to see what excites you when you
are alone."
    He had me sit in a large overstuffed chair and pulled my legs
up on the arms to open my pussy then told me to caress myself
while he watched from a chair in front of me. It really seemed
depraved but that excited me too and I pinched my nipples and dug
at my crotch panting and gasping in my effort to cum. I just
couldn't get there and I sobbed with the effort until he reached
into his coat pocket and handed me the pussy whip without saying
a word. I grabbed it from him and began beating my pussy sliding
further forward on the seat and bringing bback my legs to open
the lips so I could get to my tender inner lips and expose my
clit. I don't know how long I hit myself I just know it worked
and I fell back in the seat and let my legs drop after a terrific
orgasm. He let me lie there until my breathing was back to normal
then stood up and unzipped his fly to let out his hard dick and
gabbed my hair to pull my face to it. I opened my mouth and
sucked his dick into it then he beld my head in place while
pumping his hips to literally fuck my face. It was depraved and I
deserved it for proving that I was a terrible slut.
    The next morning he was still sleeping when I awoke so I
decided to take a swim. It was a gorgeous day and I felt great.
All the marks had left my skin and my pussy seemed especially
sensitive after the whipping I had given it. I played in the
water discovering it felt good to pump my hips to make the water
swirl through my pussy until he called me from the house for
breakfast.
    After all I was a slut so I purposely swung my hips and
shoulders on the way to him to make my boobies move.
    He grinned and said, "God you look beautiful and sexy. Your
wet body reminds me of how it looked when you were whipped and
sweating."
    That reminded me and I could not resist touching my nipples
and clit that had been so aroused by that experience.
    He laughed and said, "Stop that. I have breakfast ready and
you will make me too horny to eat it."
    After breakfast he said, "Let's watch your tape. That should
make us both horny."
    He sat on a chair and had me kneel by his side as he stroked
my hair and my breasts as if I was his dog while the blank part
of the tape ran then suddenly I appeared standing naked breathing
heavily as I spread my legs and held out my arms for him to put
on the padded leather cuffs. I was obviously excited and making
no protest.
    When I was raised from the floor my body seemed to pulse from
excitement and my ragged breathing.
    At that point I realized the tape had been edited as all the
discussion and laying out of whips was missing. There was just my
voice quavering with excitement asking him to whip me and then
whipping which looked very exciting with my body pulsing with
excitement and a sheen of perspiration. I never screamed! I just
gasped at each lash and shuddered as my mouth opened to take
shuddering breaths. Toward the end Jim had taken a close-up of my
pussy as it was hit. My juices were drooling from it in obvious
excitement and I had not remembered moaning, "Yes. Yes! Hit it
harder!"
    Watching it while Dick pulled at my nipples made me so
excited I moaned, "Pinch them. Pinch them hard! Make me scream!"
    He did causing a sharp pain as his finger nails dug in to
throw me into an orgasm. I turned and began sucking his prong
until he pushed me on my back to fuck me into even more orgasms.
    When he came he said, "Wow! That really turned you on. You
can watch it while masturbating when I am gone. We will have to
make more of them with even more pain."
    That frightened me while at the same time made me excited it
also reminded me of what Mom had said before the wedding.
    "If the bastard ever gets rough with you, call the cops. That
will help you get a bundle from him at the divorce."
    I suddenly felt trapped. If this tape was shown in court it
would be obvious to everyone that I was cooperating and totally
excited. Neither of their faces showed. He could say he was
divorcing me because he had found the tape and discovered I was a
pervert. I would be the one that looked bad. I knew then that my
whipping was just the first of many and tried for a compromise
saying softly, "I let you do it because I love you and I knew it
excited you too. You wouldn't hurt me real bad would you? Jim
said some of the whips could cut me." I sobbed and said, "I don't
want to be scarred."
    "No. I only enjoy whipping you because it gets us both
excited. If it gets to be too much I will be able to tell from
your reactions."
    "But I get crazy. You saw me. I was asking you to hit harder
even though the pain was terrible."
    "Yes but I didn't and you don't even have a mark left on your
body. That should convince you I will take care of you. You will
only be hurt bad if you piss me off by not cooperating in a
venture I know will excite both of us. I noticed that lashes to
your upper back and lower legs just caused you pain without the
excitement you get from lashes to your butt, breasts, stomach and
pussy. When I want to punish you the lashes will just be to your
back and legs."
    He was right and I shuddered as I said, "I will cooperate.
Everything you have done has made me excited. I will trust your
judgement even if it sounds terrible to me."
    He kissed me and said, "Good for you. I love you. We are both
sweaty let's go for a swim."
    We played in the water and it seemed more normal for him to
be naked too. We kissed and hugged then I sucked his dick until
it was hard so we could make love on the blanket he had brought
to the beach but it was not as good for either of us. He pumped
fast as if he just wanted to cum fast and get it over with and I
didn't even have one orgasm although I was close.
    Then we went for a walk to see the property. It was beautiful
and when we came to a waterfall we got under it to enjoy the
gigantic shower while we washed each others bodies. It felt good
but not particularly exciting.
    We walked back towards the house on the beach until I stopped
short at the sight of a tree on the beach.
    When he asked why I stopped I explained.
    "You see this tree with the two big branches coming out the
front and apart and the roots coming out of the ground? Well I
did some research at the college library for a theme on slavery
and saw a picture of a black woman tied to a tree just like this
with her arms and legs spread so she looked like the letter X
while she was whipped. I was fascinated by it because the
expression on her face looked like mine once when I masturbated
in front of a mirror and was trying to get past that terrible
moment just before orgasm. I never forgot it. I think it is why I
did not protest when you wanted to whip me."
    "I see. Do you want to duplicate that picture."
    "Well not exactly. It was a shot from her side so you could
see her face and back. They had just pulled her dress down to her
waist. The overseer was using a very long whip that was leaving
bloody welts just on her back. Also there were a lot of people
watching."
    I didn't mention the fact that all the people watching was
the main thing that excited me so much. I continued,
    "We don't have the people or the whip and it would be better
to be completely naked so I could be hit on my butt, thighs and
front. The long rubber whip would be close to the one he was
using but shouldn't cut me. Just welts will give me an idea of
how she felt."
    "Yes but I remember that whip seemed to hurt you badly.
Wouldn't you rather I use the leather thongs?"
    "No. It would not be the same. If you hit easy at first my
excitement will let me take the bigger pain. I want to know how
she felt. I want it to hurt and I want welts. I just don't want
to be cut."
    On the way to the house he said, "Not having the big whip
won't matter. The long "Blacksnake" left welts even though I hit
easy. As long as I don't hit the same place twice and stay away
from the tender inner lips of your pussy I should make good welts
that don't bleed. As far as an audience is concerned I will set
up the camcorder. You can imagine it is going out over network to
millions of people. Later, If the idea excites you, we may show
it to some friends."
    "Oh we couldn't do that. I know my friends would be shocked."
    Actually that idea excited me and I decided to be brave just
in case some of my girlfriends might be like me so they would be
impressed by my courage.
    He said, "I may have some friends that it would excite. We
will have some small parties and kind of feel them out to see how
they might react."
    That could bring on a sex orgy. I had fantasized being in one
when one of my girlfriends rented a x-rated tape at a slumber
party. The girls in the tape had been fucked and had their
pussies licked by both girls and boys. Some of my girlfriends
thought it was disgusting but some others and I obviously enjoyed
it.
    At the house he got ropes to tie to the leather cuffs he had
bought at Jim's and the long "Blacksnake" whip. He had me carry
the ropes and whip while he brought the camcorder and tripod.
    Carrying the ropes that would make me helpless and the whip I
knew would cause a lot of pain made me realize that this was no
longer fantasy. It was real! I began to have doubts. Especially
since he had said he would avoid the inner lips of my pussy which
implied my pussy would be hit.
    "I am frightened. This will hurt a lot! Would you be angry
and disappointed if I changed my mind?"
    "No. This is your idea. If you want to chicken-out it is
alright but you may always wonder what you missed."
    That implied cowardice and it was true that I would always
wonder especially since I had used that fantasy several times to
help me bring on orgasms from masturbation.
    "I am not going to chicken-out. I just asked to see if you
would force me to do it. I love you for letting it be my choice."
    "I love you too and will never force you unless I am sure it
will excite you. How many lashes did the black woman take?"
    "Oh God. I hadn't thought about that. According to the text
she had refused her Master which earned her fifty lashes. It must
have been terrible because she fainted and they threw buckets of
cold water on her to bring her too for the last twenty. If I
faint just stop at that point but I am going to try to experience
them all. Don't stop no mater how much I may scream and beg you
to stop. If it is too awful I know I will faint."
    "That is a lot! Since you don't want your back or lower legs
to be hit I will have to cover all the rest of your body to avoid
hitting the same place twice."
    "Yes I know. Save my inner thighs, breasts and pussy for last
when I am excited enough to stand the pain to those especially
tender places." 
    "Yes I remember at Jim's that those areas came closest to
making you scream."
    By that time I was in sight of the tree. It suddenly looked
terribly threatening and evil to me. I remembered the faces of
the people watching the black girl being whipped. Along with the
excitement there was hate on their faces. I wondered how Dick
could love me yet still hurt me. In all the love stories on TV
the couples were gentle.
    "Dick. Are you sure you love me? You really seem to like
hurting me."
    "I love you more than I can say. The fact that you will
participate in these things that excite both of us proves you
love me and makes you unique and irreplaceable. The more pain you
will endure for us makes our love stronger. Why? Do you want to
change your mind?"
    That seemed to be the perfect answer for me. Now rather than
being a pervert I felt like a martyr for love like women who stay
with their husband even though he may have been maimed or
paralyzed.
    "No. Knowing you love me will make it easier to accept the
pain. It can hurt really bad until my excitement can overcome it.
This might be more than I can overcome but don't stop if I
scream. I really want to know how the black girl felt. If I can
eventually become excited I will know she could too and won't
feel guilty for using her to masturbate."
    "Alright. I will ignore your screams but if you really can't
take it just say 'Mercy."
    When I was hung up in a wide "X" it was a little different
than the picture because the roots in my tree were further apart
to spread my legs more than hers. Just being hung excited me
enough to feel the breeze drying the juices in my gaping pussy. I
told him to hit hard right from the first because that was what
the overseer would have done.
    The camcorder was not necessary. I seemed to space out and
could actually see people staring at me avidly.
    When he asked if I was ready I was so excited I could only
moan and nod my head.
    Then I felt a searing pain at the top of my butt cheeks. It
was the worst pain I had ever felt and I screamed and continued
to scream as lashes just as bad moved slowly up and down from the
first to cover my thighs and back. I swear I would have screamed
"Mercy," but my mind was in such turmoil the word did not occur
to me. At just below mid-thigh he moved to my right side and
began going up the front of my thighs. Incredibly just as he got
to just below my pussy my mind snapped and suddenly I wanted the
pain. I was trying to push out my body to meet the whip and was
actually disappointed when he skipped over my pussy to bring the
next lash just above my pubic bone. The pain increased as it hit
the stretched skin over my ribs and then was beyond description
as it distorted my breasts with a lash hitting both nipples.
    Then he stepped in front of me and began back-handing and
fore-handing my tender breasts making them jump and sway. The
pain was not just on the surface of my skin anymore it seemed to
go deep into my body as I shuddered and moaned. Then he moved
down to backhand and forehand my tender inner thighs slowly
moving toward my pussy. I had become hoarse from screaming and
just gasped as the sharp tip of the lash went from thigh to thigh
creeping ever closer to my pussy. Suddenly something snapped in
my mind and the pain became pure excitement. I began swinging my
hips to meet the whip as orgasms racked my body until the
ultimate orgasm when he gave two quick blows to make an "X" over
both pussy lips and I blacked out.
    When I woke I was lying on my side on the floor while Dick
gently caressed salve on my welts.
    He looked really concerned and when he saw I was awake he
kissed me and said, "You were incredible! I could tell you were
in agony but you took all fifty lashes! I am so proud of you. I
have never known anyone so courageous. I would have been glad to
stop if you had said, "Mercy."
    He kissed me again then said, "Jim gave me this salve. It is
supposed to stop pain right away and heal any cuts. I am afraid I
am not an expert with the whip. You have some small cuts at the
base of your bottom and one on your left pussy lip. Can you
forgive me? I don't think they will leave a scar."
    I felt proud he thought I was courageous so I didn't mention
I could not think of the magic word and later didn't want it to
stop.
    "It hurt terribly but I am glad you think I am brave. I did
it for you."
    That really seemed to impress him. He kissed and fondled me
saying, "You were wonderful. You deserve a special thrill."
    He let his tongue and lips slide down my body until his
tongue was fluttering on my clit. It felt wonderful and I did get
a small orgasm but it just didn't seem right for a master to do
this for a slave. I told him how I felt and he said that a good
master must be able to reward as well as punish and that my pussy
would only be eaten when I had done something that especially
pleased him or suffered through something that did not excite me.
    That made it alright but I suggested that while he ate me he
might remind me that I was at his mercy by making little bites on
my pussy or pinching my nipples to make me appreciate the good
feeling of his tongue on my clit.
    He went down on me again but this time his fingers constantly
pinched, twisted and pulled my nipples and his teeth gnawed on my
pussy lips to make a much more powerful orgasm.
    I told him I could suffer almost anything as long as I knew a
reward like that would follow. 
    I laid back to become calmer then noticed my boobs and pussy
were aching. Just a pleasant ache and throb to keep me aware of
them.
    I got up to look at them in the mirror. I was amazed to see
they had turned to a dark maroon color and had swollen enough to
make the skin tight and eliminate the little crease that was
normally under them. I looked at my pussy. It was also marroon
with a black "X" stripe across the lips and had also swollen so
much that when I opened my legs the slit remained closed tight.
    I was standing there gently caressing my breasts marvelling
at the fact they didn't hurt more than they were when Dick came
up behind me to wrap his arms around my waist and kiss my neck.
    I said, "Oooh. Look at my boobs. They are all red and
swollen."
    He looked in the mirror and said with no remorse, "Yeah. I
kind of got carried away. At least they aren't cut. Do they hurt
awful?"
    "No. That is what is strange. They should hurt but there is
just an ache. My pussy aches too."
    "Yeah I noticed it was swollen when I went down on you. It
fit tight around my tongue. I kind of liked that."
    That convinced me it could happen again and I didn't know how
to feel about it. All I could remember were the crashing orgasms.
    I guess most people would think I made a mistake because from
then on I was treated more like a slave. He had me wait on him
hand an foot only standing up when absolutely necessary. I
usually moved on hands and knees, on my knees, or crawling on my
belly with my hands cuffed behind my back. He also knew how
important it was for me to cum and would tease me by cuffing my
hands behind my back so I could not reach my pussy while he
showed my tapes or nibbled on my nipples until I was begging him
to let me cum by whipping my pussy with the pussy whip.
    He said that he loved the fact that I would suffer willingly.
To prove it I kneeled untied with my legs spread while he stood
behind me to bring the thonged whip over my shoulders to welt my
breasts and pussy. He was impressed that I never tried to protect
myself with my arms or close my legs.
 That would prepare me for the monster orgasms as I spread my
legs as far as possible for the pussy whip to get inside to hit
my tender inner lips and even more sensitive clit.
    By the time we had left after our two week honeymoon I was
beautifully tanned and had lost some weight to make my waist
smaller since I had lost interest in food as it took time away
from experiences that would excite me.
    You would think that all the "Punishment," to my nipples and
clit would make me jaded and toughen them but this was not true.
When he told me that I could please myself with masturbation
while he watched I could get much stronger orgasms than I could
when I did it before I met him.
    I was only allowed to do it at his direction. When he caught
me playing with myself on the beach without his permission I was
whipped severely across my shoulder blades until I promised never
to do it again.
    I cheated once because almost anything would excite me
especially when my mind dwelled on a whipping or a fantasy. He
knew what I had done when he found me asleep in the woods with my
dried pussy juices on my pussy and fingers. He cured me forever
by whipping my shins and the soles of my feet with a big willow
switch until I was hoarse from screaming then not touching me for
the rest of the day and night.
    It was clear to me then that if I wanted the orgasms I was
addicted to I would have to do anything to please or excite him.
    Even that was hard because I could not kiss or fondle him
without his permission which had to be earned by humiliating
myself by licking his balls or asshole or suggesting a new way to
hurt me. 
    Along with the camcorder he had a polaroid camera he used to
take photos of me while I was tied in painful positions or
kneeling in the tub whie he peed in my mouth which he hung on the
wall with thumbtacks for me to see and remain in excitement.
    Once he dropped the box of thumbtacks and I scurried over on
my hands and knees to pick them up for him.
    He watched me a moment and when I accidentally stuck myself
and made a little "Yip" he said, "Drop them!"
    I said, "Don't you want me to pick them up for you?"
    "Yes but not with your hands. Use your tits."
    "How can I do that?"
    "You know how. Just press your tits on them until they are
stuck in your tits. When you have them all with at least some in
your nipples I will go down on you for a great orgasm."
    I knew that would hurt after sticking my finger but not how
long it would take.
    Thumb tacks are not very sharp. I had to press hard to make
them stay and since they had scattered and some were not pointed
up I had to do it over and over which made the ones already in my
boobs go deeper and move. The pain when one went into my nipple
made me whimper but I kept it up until neither of us could find a
tack. The fact that I was doing this to myself rather than just
accepting him do it to me seemed especially humiliating and
exciting. It was even better as he kneaded my tack filled breasts
with his hands as he licked and nibbled my pussy.
    I had great orgasms with aftershocks as I pulled out the
tacks to leave a drop of blood while he took pictures.
    It was obvious the little holes would not leave scars so he
had still maintained his promise. I was satiated for the rest of
the night.
    The next morning my tits were badly bruised and I realized
the kneading with the tacks stuck in as deep as they would go had
caused some damage under the skin. Somehow this didn't bother me
it just helped to remind me of the orgasms that came from it just
as the welts from the "Blacksnake" had.
    He felt bad about it and pampered me all day letting me be
untied and walking normally and cooking me scrumptious meals
while I played in the lake or tanned. Somehow I felt like I was
in a no lose situation. I would either get orgasms from pain or
if too severe he would make sure I got them afterwards with the
skillful use of his tongue plus reward me with extra love and
pampering.
    He loved my now tiny waist which made my butt and boobs look
bigger and could not resist caressing and fondling me while
saying his friends would die of jealousy if they could see me.
    I guess I knew at that point he would eventually show me off
to his friends, after all he had made no protest over Jim seeing
me naked and even let him whip me. Even though I knew what we
were doing was not normal I had convinced myself I cooperated
because I loved him and that love is what made it possible for me
to accept the pain and eventually glory in it. It was harder to
rationalize the fact that I had never really protested Jim
watching and participating. After some thought I convinced myself
that it had been alright to have Jim whip me because Dick had
been so proud of my courage and the fact Jim thought I was
beautiful.
    By the end of the week of orgasms, compliments and love I was
convinced that whatever he wanted me to do would be worth it
because he would always make up for it and if I was brave enough
he would be convinced I could not be replaced in spite of his
money and good looks.
    He was delighted on our last night when I leaned over the
table to kiss him and accidentally knocked over my wine glass
with my boobs.I knew that gave him an excuse to punish me and
before he could say anything I said, "My boobies were naughty.
Would you like to see them all swollen again? You should whip
them until they are black and blue."
    He smiled broadly and said, "That is wonderful. It is the
first time you volunteered yourself for extreme punishment. As a
reward for your bravery you may choose the instrument and I will
stop the moment you feel you can't stand anymore."
    That was unexpected and I had to stop to think. I could
choose the pussy whip or the light thong whip that would
guarantee orgasms but we would both know it would not really be
punishment. I had felt the "Cat of nine tails," with it's tightly
braided stiff leather thongs with the nasty rock hard knots and
wondered if I could take it's pain without screaming. He
obviously thought it was terrible because he said he would never
use it unless I had done something horrendous. It seemed to be
the ultimate test of my courage that no other girl would undergo
willingly.
    I took a deep breath then said, "I want you to know how much
I am willing to suffer for you. Something no other girl would do.
Use the "Cat!"
    He looked at me aghast as he said, "You are unbelievable! Jim
said that was the worst whip we bought and should be used only on
the fleshy parts of your ass or thighs that were not very
sensitive. I know your breasts are really sensitive. I don't
think you can stand it."
    I loved him for giving me a way out but I was just more
convinced this would be the ideal way to prove what I would do
for him.
    I kissed him and said, "Thank you for not wanting to really
hurt me but you should know that even the girls in the magazines
would not volunteer to accept this. I want you to know that only
I can love you this much."
    He kissed me back but was still doubtful. "Alright, but
remember you volunteered and this is the way we will do it. Kneel
on the coffee table with your hands on your head. All you have to
do to stop me is to put your hands over your breasts."
    I did not expect that. I assumed I would be tied and would
only have to resist saying "Mercy." This would be much harder
because I would have to resist the natural instinct to protect
myself. Even tied I had fought the ropes to twist or get my arms
in the way.
    I whimpered, "I think I could take more if I was tied."
    "But that would not prove your courage as much because you
could just clench your teeth to keep from saying 'Mercy.' I want
to know how much you love me by voluntarily making your breasts
available and asking for each lash by counting. I don't think you
can get to ten."
    I kneeled on the table and wound my hair in my fists to help
me keep them on my head. 
    "God! You are really going to try it! Wait! I want to record
this!"
    I remained kneeling while he set up the camcorder in front of
me.It seemed to take forever for him to adjust it as close as
possible so just my face and torso would fill the picture. My
fear and excitement built as I knelt there sliding the "Cat"
tightly across my breasts to sink in the thongs and make my
nipples pull back and forth until they hardened like little
thumbs while he focused to make sure We would see the knots
digging into my tits. My fear jumped as he said, "That is
perfect. If I hit hard enough the thongs will bury themselves in
your breasts just as they are now. This should be fabulous! This
will be the most pain you have ever experienced."
I moaned, "Oh God! You are right. What if I am not brave enough
to take more than one?"
    "Then we will be recording your failure. You will be punished
by being tied and given the ten on your back."
    That would be just pure pain with no chance of compensating
orgasm with the humiliation of knowing I could not follow through
on my own idea.
    "No! I'll take ten somehow. Even if I lower my arms wait a
moment to see if I can work up the courage to put them back on my
head. I may not be able to take ten but I will take enough to
make you proud if it kills me."
    "It won't kill you. If it is too much you will faint. I would
just give you one more to make sure you are not faking a faint
then quit."
 I knelt there a moment while he waited expectantly until I got
the courage to say, "One." 
    The whip did not come at me nearly as fast as the thong whip.
Time seemed to slow down as I watched the thongs come across the
tops of my breasts to instantly cause pain to radiate through my
body and leave red lines connecting polka-dots from the knots. I
gasped and jerked on my hair as I leaned forward absorbing the
pain until he said, "Well. Is that it?"
    I shook my head and straightened up to push out my breasts as
I said, "Two."
    On this lash one of the knots hit my left nipple. I howled
and bent over again but defiantly straightened up before he could
say anything and moaned, "Three."
    At "Four" which put knots on both nipples I screamed and
brought down my hands to caress my burning boobs.
    He waited a moment then put the whip on the floor.
    I moaned, "No." and put my hands back on my head whimpering
"Five."
    It was just as bad and it took all my willpower to keep my
hands on my head as I screamed. then moaned "Six!"
    My nerves must have become numb because it did not seem as
bad and I felt my excitement rising. From then on I pushed my red
and swollen breasts out as much as possible to feel the now
complete excitement until my first explosive orgasm at ten. By
then I was counting much faster to get stronger and stronger
orgasms until I screamed "Sixteen!"
    He didn't respond and I screamed "Sixteen!" again but he
said, "No you have had enough. Your breasts have terrible welts
and I can't go on putting welts on welts."
    I sobbed, "I can take it. Hit my pussy then."
    He said, "Just one."
    By then I had spread my legs so far my pussy was almost
touching the table and gaping wide. He swung the lash up from the
floor and one of the knots hit my clit. I had a gigantic orgasm
that made me pass out and fall to the floor.
    When I came to I was lying on the bed while he caressed salve
on my burning and throbbing breasts. Even thogh I was lying on my
back they had swollen to stand up from my chest like round balls.
    I whimpered, "Oh they hurt so much! Are you proud of me? I
did it for you."
    "I can't tell you how proud I am. Especially since you were
able to overcome even that horrendous pain to get to orgasm."
    That seemed to lessen my courage. I said, "I really did not
think that would happen. I just wanted to suffer for you. Do you
believe me?"
    "Yes. No-one could guess that much pain could lead to
pleasure."
    He continued to caress my welts with the salve as the pain
began to subside. That gave me time to think and I realized I had
lied. If I really had wanted just to suffer for him I would have
asked for the lashes on my back. Even though I had been sincere
when I volunteered I realized that somewhere in the back of my
mind I had the hope of getting an ultimate orgasm. I didn't say
anything because he continued to tell me how wonderful I was to
suffer for him and that he loved me more than anything else in
the world.
    Finally the pain subsided to the point that I was able to
enjoy the way his fingers slid over the welts and bumps from the
knots and I noticed he had a raging hard-on.
    I said, "Oh your dick is so hard! You didn't get to cum. Let
me suck it for you until it is soft."
    I knew he would have been satisfied to fuck me which would
have also given me pleasure but I felt guilty about my lie and
decided I should have the humiliation of sucking him.
    He moved to a chair to add to my humiliation by having to
kneel in front of him then I said, "Tie my hands behind my back.
I don't want to cheat by using my fingers. Just my mouth and
tongue."
    I knelt humbly while he ted my hands but there was a lot of
rope left over. He used it to make loops around the bases of my
swollen breasts to make them hard and then pulled the ropes
between my legs to tie them to my wrists. Finally he spread the
lips of my pussy to pull the ropes inside so one was on each side
of my now engorged clitoris.
    The slightest movement of my hands tightened the loops around
my tender tits and made the rope slide against my clit.
    He was giving me a consession! Both of us knew I could cum by
jerking on the ropes.
    I sucked him slowly to make it last as long as possible while
I sawed the ropes against my clit and tightened them around my
tits until I came just before he flooded my mouth with sperm. I
swallowed it hungrily then licked his softening dick and balls to
get any I might have missed.
    We were both satisfied and went to bed hugging each other.
    Since we had gone to sleep so early I woke up when it was
still dark. My breasts were back to their normal softness but my
nipples were still very sensitive and so was my clitoris from the
ropes and the bruise from the knot of the cat. I laid there idly
toying with them until I realized I was acting like a little girl
and no longer needed to masturbate.
    I decided to get up to go to the bathroom. In the bright
light I saw that I had got my wish. My tits were solidly black
and blue and my nipples were a maroon color rather than their
normal pink. I couldn't resist touching them and was startled
when Dick called out, "Oh good. You are up. We can start back
before it gets too hot. Why don't you make breakfast?"
    At least that would give me a chance to calm down and I made
a big breakfast. Dick came out fully dressed which disappointed
me as it indicated we would not be making love before we left.
    He saw my bruised tits and said, "My God. I didn't realize I
had hit you that hard. Are they terribly sore?"
    I told him that although they looked awful they didn't hurt.
They were just throbbing and tender. I told him it would feel
good if he licked my nipples. He said that that was the least he
should do after I had suffered so much for him and licked them
until I was so excited I began pushing his head down to my pussy.
He didn't resist and licked my pussy and sucked on my clit until
I had a great orgasm.
    When we had rested he told me to wear something warm because
it would be cold in the Jeep until we got to the car at the base
of the mountain and could change to something cooler. He said he
would lay out my clothes and pack the rest while I cleaned up.
    When I went to the bedroom  he had packed everything but some
tiny short-shorts and a half-shirt that would hide my bruises.
There was also a big wool shirt and jeans. I giggled and said,
"Wow! what a contrast. I will be covered from head to foot on the
way down the mountain where we will probably see no-one and
practically naked for the freeway where lots of people will see."
    "Yes but the trip down the mountain will be the most
exciting. Do you remember how rough the road was?"
    "Oh yes. the seatbelt was the only thing that kept me from
bouncing clear off the seat."
    "Are your nipples and clit still tender from last night?"
    "Yes! It takes all my willpower not to play with them because
I only want pleasure that you provide."
    "This trip will cause both pleasure and pain. Come here."
    I went to him and he moved the shirt to reveal a rope about
an inch thick.
    He tied it around my waist then brought the long end between
my wide spread legs to tuck it into the crack of my butt then
spread the lips of my pussy to tuck it in there. When it was
pulled under the rope going around my waist it was pressing on my
delicate ass-hole and clitoris and inner lips.
    He told me to walk around and I gasped as what seemed like a
hundred needles stuck all my tender parts. "Oh God Dick, it is
very stickery. It excites me but if I walk very much I will be
raw!"
    "You only have to walk to the Jeep. Now put on the shirt."
    "Oh Dick! My nipples are so tender this shirt feels like it
is full of stickers. It will rub me raw."
    "It will improve your posture. Your breasts are firm. If you
sit up straight and push them out they should not jiggle much."
    I said doubtfully. "I don't think I can keep them still. They
jumped all over on the way up and I was wearing a bra."
    "Yes but you were slumped in the seat and making no effort to
keep them tight."
    "Well maybe."
    "I think I can stand the rope because I won't be walking."
    "I hope so. I want to be proud of you."
    I resolved to take it even if my skin was rubbed off. If I
was bleeding at the bottom of the hill I was sure he would feel
so guilty he would never ask me to suffer as much again.
    Although I walked slowly and carefully to the Jeep my nipples
and clit were stimulated enough to be fully extended.
    When I was seated he took the end of the rope and pulled it
around the roll-bar above my head watching my face until I
grimaced in pain.
    "That seems tight enough. Now I will handcuff your hands to
the grab-bar so you can't fall out."
    That made me lean forward allowing my boobs to droop so I
slid my butt forward so I could tighten them but this made the
rope even tighter against my clit.
    He got in the drivers seat and I asked, "Aren't you going to
put on my seat belt?"
    "No. You aren't going anywhere."
    Now I knew I was in trouble. I don't know if you have ever
been in a Jeep but they feel as if they have no springs at all.
With my hands out in front of me there was nothing to keep me
from bouncing in the seat.
    For awhile he drove slowly and the pain only brought on
excitement but as my face flushed and I began to pant in
excitement he began going faster then swerved back and forth to
hit the biggest bumps. My breasts swayed and jumped to make it
seem my nipples were being sawed off and on the bigger bumps the
rope felt like it may cut me in two.
    Amazingly as the pain got worse my excitement increased even
more. Finally I yelled for mercy but only because I became so
exhausted I could not cum anymore and there was just blinding
pain. I must have had over twenty orgasms each stronger than the
last.
    He stopped immediately and took me loose to take off my
clothes. My nipples were tingling like crazy but there was blood
on my crotch. He must have known that would happen because he
took salve out of his pocket, two large bandaids, and a sanitary
napkin. He gave me water to drink while he put salve on my pussy.
The lightest touch to my clit made me cringe. them  taped the
sanitary napkin  to my crotch. He laid out a blanket on the
ground and told me to rest. I was so exhausted from the pain and
orgasms I fell into sleep immediately.
    I must have slept for hours because when I awoke the sun was
directly overhead. 
    He took off the napkin and we were both relieved to see the
bleeding had stopped. I knew I was much better because when he
put on more salve it just felt good. He helped me put on the
half-shirt and shorts and when I walked to the jeep my pussy lips 
slippery with salve felt good as they moved. 
    The tingling and flashbacks of the pain that had brought on
the tingle kept me in a state of excitement. In spite of my
resolve I could not resist fondling my breasts and moving my legs
to make my lips slide until I saw him watching me. I said, "I'm
sorry. Only you should give me pleasure after pain."
    "That is alright. You deserve it and I can't do it and drive
at the same time. Besides it is fun to see the looks on the truck
drivers faces when they see you."
    "Oh God! I forgot others could see me. They must think I am a
terrible slut."
    "If they do they will also be jealous they don't have you.
You are mine and I love you for belonging to me and willing to do
anything to please me."
    "Yes. I am yours totally. I proved I will not refuse anything
even when it hurt so much and made me bleed."
    But then I had a thought. "We agreed you would not scar me.
Do you think I will be scarred from the rope?"
    "No. I checked you again after you were asleep. They just
wore off the top layer of skin."
    He was right and when they healed rather than scar tissue
that would desensitise, they were more sensitive than ever with
the nerves closer to the outer skin.
    You may think I was crazy to go along with this but you have
to remember I was young and very naive. I always seemed to be
rewarded for the pain both by orgasms and compliments on my
beauty and courage that made me proud.
    Sometimes not being tortured was torture. A case in point was
the trip back to Vegas. I knew that some caresses then pinches to
my ultra-sensitive nipples and clit would give me an orgasm. I
actually felt like something of a martyr to resist touching
myself to honor my pledge to wait endlessly for him to bring me
to glorious orgasm.
    I assumed we would just be passing through Vegas on the way
home. I was surprised and a little frightened when he took the
exit I knew led to Jim's store.
    "Oooh. You are going to Jim's aren't you? I am awfully sore."
    "Don't worry. You won't be hurt. He told me he was getting
another shipment of S & M things. I just want to see if anything
looks particularly exciting. Besides, he said since he had seen
you it was only fair for me to see his wife."
    That worried me. I assumed that Jim being in Vegas with all
the beautiful women would have a spectacular wife that may even
be more courageous than me. Dick may be impressed by her and
would no longer think I was special.
    I was relieved a little when Jim told us his wife was in
Mexico to pick up some special order bondage devises and that he
would just show us a video he had made.
    When we were seated in front of a large screen TV he said,
"This looks and sounds terrible but she still got to orgasms."
    It did look terrible and it frightened me. The scene opened
with this lovely, tall, big breasted woman tied upside-down with
her legs spread from ropes to hooks in the ceiling about eight
feet apart with her hands tied to a big bar-bell on the floor.
    Jim said, "She faints easily so if something is going to be
especially painful we tie her with her head down to keep the
blood in her head so she won't pass-out until she has reached
orgasm.
    He went to her with four large gold rings which he pushed
into her pussy to hold them until he was ready. Then he began
pulling, twisting, and pinching her nipples until they were fully
erect. She seemed to enjoy that but a look of apprehension came
on her face when he went out of sight to return with two large
nails in a bottle of liquid.
    He explained, "The nails are in alcohol. For piercing your
instrument must be sterile or there can be infections."
    I suddenly realized that he planned to sink those nails into
her. It made my thumbtacks look like nothing and they had hurt. I
gasped at the idea of them going into my skin.
    I knew this was not her idea when her eyes got wide and she
began moaning, "No. Please no."
    He showed no sympathy saying, "Be quiet! You agreed to this."
    "Yes, but I thought it would be like having my ears peirced
with a little needle." She wailed, "Those are nails!"
    "Yes it is necessary since I bought you these large rings.
Ingrid will be impressed."
    He explained her girl-friend Inga had showed off her rings
and implied his wife lacked the nerve to have it done.
    I understood how she had got in this position. If I were
challenged I would have to do it too.
    Just the preparation seemed frightening. He tied her tightly
to a wall so she could not move then put two nasty alligator
clamps with teeth on each nipple saying, "This will take your
mind off your pussy." 
    Just the bite of the clamps was obviously painful but he made
it worse by pulling on wires attatched to the clamps to pull her
nipples out as far as they could stretch and tied the wires
behind her back to pull her breasts into her armpits.
    She was whimpering  as he put a large cork on the outside of
a lip and slowly began pushing the nail through it and into the
cork. It seemed unnecessarily cruel. It would have been over in a
second if he had jammed it through.
    I doubted she could orgasm from that because she was sobbing
with tears streaming down her face. He left that nail and cork
hanging obscenely through the lip while he did the other then
went back to put in two more nails. He stepped back to watch as
the weight of the large cork slowly caused the nails to slide
through the holes until they were stopped by the heads.
    He dug in her pussy for a ring which he opened after dipping
it in alcohol and stuck it into the bleeding hole left by the
nail. When he did the same with the others he flipped the rings
and then stood back while her sobbing subsided. 
    I was glad it was over until I remembered he stll had to do
the nipples.
    My worst fear was realized when he stepped closer and put a
cork by her nipple. This took even longer and the pain must have
been worse as she began screaming and fighting her bonds. That
made her tits sway to make the clamps pull the nipple out even
further. She was nearly hysterical when he finished.
    He stood back until she had calmed enough to just let out
little sobs then said, "Now you can have your reward. I will make
you cum."
    I thought he might lick her pussy but he stepped out of the
camera and returned with some twine. He tied an end to one of her
pussy rings then brought it around her butt to loop it through
the others then he pulled at the twine until her lips were
stretched open so wide you could see clear inside her.
    While she moaned he tied the other twine to her nipple rings
then stepped out of the camera evidentally to put them around a
post or someting because the twine tightened until her nipples
were pulled out so far her breasts looked like cones and she was
straining to arch her back to relieve the pressure.
    He stepped out again and came back carrying a branch from a
rose bush.
    He began hitting her tits with it! Hard! Each lash left a
stripe and drops of blood. He kept it up until the drops ran
together to cover her breasts with blood. then he began putting
lines across her stomach while she screamed but to my utter
amazement when he got below her belly-button she began
screaming,"Yes! Oh yes! Harder. Make me bleed! Hit my pussy."
    He began putting stripes across her pussy stretching the lips
even more until she screamed "No! No! Hit inside me!"
    He stepped in front of her and brought the branch right into
her slit! I knew the thorns had to either hit or be very close to
her clit.
    On the third one her body suddenly began to convulse as if
she was having a fit and sweat began pouring off her washing away
some of the blood.
    When she began to calm down the picture went white. I was
stunned and a little sick. It did not have that effect on Dick.
    He yelled "That was tooo much! Dixie! Strip and suck my
dick."
    It frightened me that seeing her suffer so much had turned
him on and it was really humiliating to do it while Jim watched
grinning. Thank God Dick was so excited it only took about a
minute before his dick was jumping in my mouth as he pumped out
his cum.
    When it had softened in my mouth he pulled it out and put it
back in his pants saying, "That was great Baby. I owe you one."
    Jim said, "It looked great. I could use some head myself."
    I really felt good when Dick said, "Sorry Jim. She is just
for me." It meant he really loved me and was too jealous to share
me."
    Jim laughed and said, "You'll get over that in time."
    I was a little disappointed when Dick did not protest and
just said, "I am really dry. Do you have a beer."
    I said, "Oh me too. May I have one?" My mouth was not only
dry from the spectacle but also from the after-taste of Dicks
salty cum.
    Jim went out to get them while Dick said, "That was really
wild wasn't it. Do you want some rings?"
    I shuddered and said, "I don't think so. They would leave big
holes. What would my gynecologist think."
    He laughed and said, "He would probably know what caused it."
    I didn't want to look cowardly and remembered the fantastic
orgasm she had so I said, "I may be able to stand the rose
whipping. Maybe Jim has something else you could use to hold out
my boobies and keep my pussy open."
    When Jim came back I suddenly felt embarrassed being so naked
while they were dressed and reached for my clothes but Dick
stopped me.
    "Leave them alone. You are beautiful and we like to see you
naked. Get into position."
    I knew what he meant. After my pussy was shorn he had told me
it was beautiful and from then on when I was naked I should keep
my legs apart and my hands behind my back to push out my breasts.
I moved my legs apart so my thighs would not hide any part of my
crotch and put my hands behind nmy back to push out my tits while
I sucked in my stomach.
    Jim seemed impressed. "She is getting well-trained."
    Dick seemed irritated at the comment. "She is not trained.
She just likes to please. Don't you Dixie?"
    I agreed but it dawned on me that I was being trained from
the very start when he got me to wear sexier clothes than I would
have chosen then the spanking that had progressed on to more
painful things. Each step seemed to be a natural progression but
I knew none of this was natural or normal. I think at that point
if he had decided to whip me I would have run away but he seemed
to know how I felt.
    Instead he fondled me while bragging about how beautiful and
firm I was.There was nothing I could object to. His hands felt
wonderful caressing me and I naturally felt proud they thought I
was pretty.
    Jim said, "It is a fabulous body. It is firm with young
flexible skin that is perfect for the whip."
    I was trying to decide what I should do if Dick offered me
for the whip but I didn't have to make the decision.
    Dick said, "You would not believe how courageous she is but I
have proof. Your wife was brave but tied. Put in this tape."
    Suddenly I was on the screen with my breasts pushed out and
my legs spread to the point you could see the glisten of my pussy
juices in the bright light. Dick was standing on my right
dangling the "Cat."
    Jim exclaimed, "My God! You used the 'Cat' on her! What did
she do to deserve that."
    "Nothing. She volunteered."
    I must have been spaced out at the time because I didn't
remember posing that way so long or what was said. 
    He was carressing my boobies as he said, "This feels good
doesn't it?"
    "Oh Yes!"
    "Soon they will be in pain. Do you want that?"
    "Yes. It will prove my courage and love for you."
    "What do you want me to do."
    "Whip my boobies. Make them hurt."
    "Alright. Remember you will set the cadence by counting. If
you stop I will stop."
    I cringed remembering how badly that had hurt but stared
avidly at the screen to see if I was really as brave as he said.
    The first one across the tops of my boobs obviously really
hurt. Much more time went by than I remembered while tears rolled
down my cheeks until he said, "Well? Is that it?"
    A look of defiance came on my face as I moaned, "No. More.
Two!"
    The second across the bottom of my boobs obviously hurt as
bad but I just gasped then after a few seconds squinched my eyes
shut and said, "Three"
    My eyes snapped open as I screamed when the center thong cut
into both nipples."
    It took my breath away and I whispered, "Four."
    He brought the whip down over his shoulder to hit my tits so
hard they stretched down nearly to my belly-button. But now my
face changed from a look of agony to a wild demented look as I
screamed, "Five."
    This time he brought the "Cat up from the floor. My now
deeply red and spotted tits almost hit my chin from the force.
    I hesitated a moment as I seemed to savor the pain then said
"Six"
    He brought it directly across my nipples to flatten  my poor
tits against my chest wall. This was the one that threw me into
orgasm. I began counting so fast he barely had time to aim until
he stopped at sixteen.
    By that time I was so excited I didn't care what they thought
of me as I squeezed my breasts and nipples and dug frantically at
my pussy.
    He turned off the tape and said, "God knows how many she
would have taken if I hadn't stopped her."
    I interrupted Jim's answer to say, "I want to see more. Run
it back to five and play it in slow motion."
    Except for the lack of the sound of the whip this was even
more fascinating as I watched the thongs go clear into my breasts
leaving dark red lines and even darker splotches from the knots.
    In spite of my excitement and self-torture to my tits and
clit I could not cum! I just stayed in that terrible period just
before release.
    Just as the tape ended I screamed, "Help me! Please help me
cum!"
    Dick said, "I can't alow anyone to fuck my wife but you can
eat her pussy while I fuck her ass."
    I had never been fucked in the ass. It hurt at first but then
it began to feel good as it filled me inside while Jim expertly
licked and nibbled my clit and both squeezed my breasts and
nipples while Dick bit my neck and ears. All my erogenous zones
were being assaulted and I went into one orgasm after another
until Dick went soft and pulled out.
    Dick said, "Jim didn't get to cum. You owe him a blow-job."
    I didn't protest I just went to my knees and opened his fly
to reveal a dong as long as Dick's but much skinnier. He grabbed
the back of my head and began fucking my face driving his dick
into my throat that made me gag until I kind of yawned and it
slipped into my throat as I learned to take breaths when he
pulled it out to my mouth. He took his hands from my head to
pinch and pull my nipples to bury his dick into my throat and
back out to my mouth. For the first time giving a blow-job
excited me. The humiliation when he jerked it out of my mouth to
shoot his cum into my face and eyes seemed appropriate.
    They told me to rest while they looked for something else to
excite me. I went to sleep on the cot until Dick returned and
told me he was ready to leave and for me to get dressed.
    I had gotten to the point that I resented clothes. I would
have liked to stay naked no matter how many people saw me.
    While I was dressing Jim said, "I would like to buy a copy of
that tape. My customers would go nuts over it. None of my tapes
have anyone that can take a whipping like that untied."
    "No. Our tapes are just for us and possibly a few like you.
Of course if she decides to leave me they will be shown in
divorce court then I would sell them."
    I was trapped! Sensational divorces got into the tabloids and
my parents and everyone I knew would know how perverse I was. I
protested that I would never leave him even if he hurt me more
than I could bear.
    He seemed pleased and promised that if that happened it would
be a mistake and he would make it up to me.
    I had a lot of time to think on the way home it frightened me
a little to know I was trapped but comforted myself by knowing he
would stop before I was badly hurt even when I may beg for more.
I knew he would have stopped at ten lashes if I had not kept
counting and my raw and tingling clitoris could have been
prevented just by saying "Mercy."
    I was anxious to get home so I could be naked again. I kept
looking at the package he had carried from the store but resisted
asking him about it so it could be a surprise.
    When we got home he said, "I am going to hide this box so you
can have a new surprise every day. If you find it you are not to
look at it. I have ordered some other things to equip our
basement which will be delivered later."
    That night he went to the box and brought me a rubber prick
as large as his. I rubbed it against my slit and said, "It is
big. It should fill me completely."
    "Yes. Especially since that is not where it goes."
    He had me bend over and pull my ass-cheeks apart while he
greased it and worked it into my ass-hole. It stretched my anus
until I thought the skin might tear but he got it all the way in
to make me feel stuffed then had me sit on him to bury his prong
next to it in my pussy to stretch every thing. When I began to
move up and down I found there was more. He turned a switch on
the dildo and it began vibrating in my ass. This and his dick
tight against my tender clit brought me to orgasm.
    It didn't hurt and I was relieved to know I could still cum
without pain although it was not as strong.
    For the rest of the week I was not whipped or tortured, each
item he took out just provided pleasure. The only thing that
caused some pain was a little clip with wires on it he clipped to
my clit.When we fucked my ass he would push a button to cause
electric shocks which he felt as well.
    He still worked making commercials or going to openings
although he didn't need the money.
 He would be gone about three days per week which was torture to
me. He told me that since I was not working anymore and may get
flabby I should exercise to tapes he brought home. He liked
watching me doing them naked then brought tapes of strippers for
me to strip along with. It was fun and it amazed me that it would
make him horny even though he saw me naked all the time.
    He explained it excited him because he was imagining I was
doing it in front of a crowd of people who cheered at my sexy
moves.
    When I imagined the same thing it turned me on too so we had
great sex without pain. On his days off we shopped for pretty,
sexy gowns since he gave parties for his clients.
    We had several parties that he catered and I really enjoyed
the admiration of the men looking at me in gowns that bared most
of my boobs and flat tummy and stared at my legs that flashed
through skirts slit on the sides up to my waist. Even more I
enjoyed the jealous looks of the women.
    I tried to be the perfect hostess dancing with all the men
and complimenting the women on their gowns or figure.
    At the first party he announced one of his employers was a
movie producer and showed tapes on our big screen TV. They were
pornographic movies with always at least one involving S&M. I
really enjoyed them noting things that we could do after the
guests left.
    I missed the whipping and pointed out the big beam across our
living room ceiling could be used to hang me so every inch of my
body could be hit but he would not whip me because he did not
want marks to show so I was limited to spankings with a big
rubber paddle that just made my ass red for a few hours. I
pointed out the fact that no-one could see my pussy but he said
it may make me walk funny or wince when I sat down. 
    At the third party the S&M tape was more severe. A girl knelt
in front of her boy-friend and said, "I have been a naughty girl.
You should spank me."
    She slowly stripped off all her clothes then laid over the
back of a big chair. He used a big leather strap on her butt
which excited me because it reminded me of my asking to be
whipped untied especially when he told her to straighten up and
began whipping her breasts with a riding quirt. It was obvious
she was in agony but she never tried to cover up. I looked at
Dick wondering if he was also reminded of me and saw him taking
notes.
    I asked him about it after the guests left and he explained
he was noting who enjoyed watching the pain and who were turned
off by it. Then he told me to talk to the women after the films
to get their reaction.
    Most thought it was terrible with only a few expressing
interest in being whipped with more saying they would enjoy
whipping a girl that was obviously excited by it. I reported back
to him and he checked to see if he got the same reaction from
their husbands.
    He had me invite my old girlfriends and I noticed that the
guests were being weeded out at the following parties with just
the ones interested in pain left plus new people until the last
party which had no-one but fans of S&M who became excited enough
to ignore convention and began stripping to have a gigantic orgy.
Everyone joined in even Dick and me.
    Then it was my birthday party. Dick said I would provide the
entertainment by doing a strip. I protested I would be too
embarrassed but actually it seemed very exciting. He had me strip
for him for three nights encouraging me to play with myself until
I became thoroughly excited. I knew it would be even more
exciting to do it in front of others.
    My party was different. The caterers just set up a buffet
table and stocked the bar with every kind of booze available.
Dick said we would be bartenders and he pre-mixed exotic drinks
so I would only have to make simple ones.
    He had bought a special gown that had snaps to make it easy
to take off with small circles and a triangle that was glued to
my nipples and pussy followed by a g-string, panties and bra. I
actually felt overdressed but knew it would be more exciting to
be able to reveal myself a little at a time.
    When everyone arrived we began serving strong drinks until
about an hour went by and one of the men said, "It is time for
the entertainment. When are you going to show the movies."
    Dick announced, "I decided on something special. Dixie has
been doing strip-teases for me and I thought you might enjoy one.
Would you like that?"
    I blushed as they cheered and one man said, "God yes! I have
been dying to know if she looked as good naked as in those sexy
gowns."
    He had arranged the chairs and couches in a semi-circle,
everyone made fresh drinks and began sitting down while Dick had
me go in the other room to make an entrance.
    When he started the music and announced me I stepped through
the entrance to be met with cheers and applause. I felt like a
star!
    I stripped slowly enjoying the pleas to, "Take it off." until
I was naked and the music got faster for me to do bump and grinds
and make my boobs and butt jiggle. At the last song as we
practised I slipped to the floor to drag my nipples on the rug
and play with myself until I was totally turned on and my
audience was getting wild enough to join me in taking off
clothes.
    When the song ended I laid there trembling with excitement
then got up to gather my clothes.
    Dick told me to leave them alone and announced.
    "It is time for Dixie's birthday spanking. Are you ready for
that!"
    There was a cheer and one woman yelled, "God yes! I can
hardly wait to see that cute butt all red."
    Dick reached behind a chair to bring out ropes with cuffs
attached and my favorite thonged whip. I knew it would not hurt
too badly but was disappointed I could not prove my courage by
being untied. I also was sure only twenty spanks may not get me
off and hoped I would not beg for more so they would not know how
perverted I was. Two men helped him put the ropes over the beam
and to a leg of the piano and the leg of a heavy cabinet.
    I was panting and trembling with excitement as my arms were
pulled up and my legs pulled apart. Then I realized I would not
just get twenty when Dick handed the whip to a man on the end of
the semi-circle and said, We'll start on the right anyone who
wants to participate can take the whip from the person on the
left."
    A man said excitedly, "Jesus! Who would not want to spank
that great bod!"
    There were five couples if they all joined in I would get 200
lashes. Much more than I had ever taken. I was suddenly grateful
for the ropes so I would not look cowardly if it was too much
even with the light whip.
    Dick returned with the man and I moaned, "I don't think I can
take 200, will "Mercy" stop it?"
    "Not this time Baby, I don't want to cheat anyone."
    That frightened me terribly until the man started spanking my
butt just hard enough to make a "Slap" and a little sting. My
excitement returned as I realized I could take this easily.
    After ten Dick said, "This is a whipping not a spanking. You
can hit her anywhere below her armpits and above mid-thigh."
    The man said, "Really? Even on her breasts?"
    "Yes. Pussy too."
    He hit me across my belly and when I only gasped with no
protest he hit my inner thigh which made me cry, "Ah!"
    He said excitedly, "I found a tender spot!" He walked around
me hitting my thighs from front and back barely missing my gaping
pussy I knew had to be glistening from my juices.
    He handed the whip to his wife who giggled and said, "I don't
want you guys to miss anything." She stood at my side to be out
of the way and proceeded to whip the whole front of my body from
the top of my breasts to mid thigh but she skipped over my
nipples and pussy so again there was just enough pain to elevate
my excitement.
    The next man stood at my side to forehand and backhand my
back and front. It was harder but by then I was welcoming the
pain and began pushing forward and back to meet the whip.
    The next woman named Kay said, "Thank you. I can feel your
lashes on me and it is getting me fantastically excited."
    She concentrated on lashes across my breasts and pussy and
gasped along with me at each one as I reached the terrible point
just before coming and resented the delay as she passed the whip
to the next man.
    He stood behind me and fore handed and backhanded my sides to
make the tips hit right on my nipples and pull my pussy lips
apart until I was in orgasm. 
    By then my audience had become excited enough to begin
removing their clothes so they could enjoy each others hands on
their sex.
    The next woman came up totally naked and said, "You guys are
pussies. Can't you see she is getting off on this. You have just
made her skin pink."
    She hit much harder as she used her left hand to dig at her
pussy leaving welts on my breasts, stomach and across my pussy
lips to throw me into a gigantic orgasm."
    When she quit I was moaning and pulsating with sweat
literally dripping from my body. I didn't see the next man come
up I just felt incredible pain and excitement as he stood behind
me and brought the whip between my legs to make the tips explode
against my lower stomach. My audience began chanting, "Lower,
Lower." until he had pulled back far enough for the tips to go
into my pussy and hit my engorged clit.
    Dick knew I had reached maximum orgasm and said as my head
fell forward, "She needs a break. Lets let her rest before
continuing."
    They let me down and when I was on the floor I saw that
everyone was fucking or in 69's.
    Dick said, "You were great Baby. and as a reward began
licking my pussy until I moaned, "I can't cum anymore."
    By then most of them had cum too and were going to the bar
for more drinks while others caressed me and thanked me for the
exciting show.
    When my strength came back I realized I was dying of thirst
so went to the bar to gulp two glasses of his strong
screwdrivers. I was the center of attention with people grouped
arond me to feel my welts and hot skin while they marvelled at my
courage. I felt guilty to be complimented on something that had
given me all the orgasms I could stand.
    While I sipped my third drink Dick said, "Are you ready for
more? You have eighty left."
    "Oh God! I guess so."
    One woman said, "God I can hardly believe how brave she is. I
couldn't take more than twenty. Maybe forty. Another woman said
"Me either. I think she has had enough." Others complained they
had not had their turn.
    That gave Dick an idea. "In that case since you agree she has
had enough maybe you would like to help her by taking some of her
lashes. If another woman volunteers you would only get twenty
each and you won't be tied so you can cover up if it is too
much."
    Another woman licked her lips, looked at her husband and
stammered, "I'll do it if it is alright with you."
    Her husband was amazed, "Really? You bawl if you get a paper
cut."
    "This is different. I think it will be terribly exciting."
    "Well do it then but I bet you chicken out after the first
one."
    I was surprised as well. She seemed modest and was the only
girl still wearing clothes.
    We drew cards to see who would be first through fourth then
one of the men said, "They shouldn't be whipped by their husbands
in case they may hold it against him later."
    One woman said, "Alright but remember if I curl up in a ball
you should quit."
    I was first and the woman with her dress still on said, "I
have not whipped yet. What ever I do to you can be done to me but
I would rather be tied. I think it would be more exciting to be
helpless and I won't have to concentrate on being brave."
    She told me to lean over the back of the couch but when I
bent over it she said, "No. Lie on your back."
    While I laid there with my tits and pussy so vulnerable she
took off her clothes to reveal a gorgeous body.
    She told me to hold on to the couch to help me to keep from
covering up then brought the whip down on my left breast then my
pussy then my right breast until I went into orgasm as she
screamed at each lash until the lash was taken from her when she
lost count and gave me twenty-one.
    She walked to the ropes with a glazed look on her face
fondling her pussy and stood there panting while the men
tightened the ropes to make her look even better as her breasts
raised and her tummy went concave.
    A man was the next whipper and said, "You only hit Dixies
tits and pussy. Are you sure you want that?"
    She just moaned, "Yes. I asked for this. Ignore my screams."
    He did not hit as hard as she did but I knew it really hurt
especially the upper-cuts that buried thongs in her open gash."
    She screamed or moaned piteously at each one but I noticed
she pushed out her pussy to meet the whip and juice was dripping
from it and down her thighs. When he stopped she continued to
push her pussy in and out until her her head dropped.
    They let her down and her husband gushed over her, "My God.
You were wonderful. I would never have guessed you were so
brave."
    She said, "Me either. I actually had an orgasm from it. Could
you tell?"
    "God yes! Me too! You made me so excited I had to jerk off."
    I thought the next woman was extraordinarly brave since her
whipper had her change positions after each lash to present
another portion of her body and I knew the delays would not let
her cum. She solved the problem by resisting the next position to
say, "No. Just whip my pussy!"
    There were only four lashes left but it was enough to get her
over.
    The last girl said, "I can't be that brave. Tie me. I want
all of you to whip me. Would you just give me two each?"
    Dick said, "That would mean you would get twenty-two."
    "I know. I have been thinking about it. Please don't hit my
pussy unless I ask for it. I may have to work up courage between
lashes, please don't hit me until I say "Now".
    We lined up so there would be no delay passing the whip. I
knew the first lashes would hurt the worst so I went to the back
of the line because it seemed strange to cause pain rather than
receive it.
    She really had thought about this. She told them the ropes
were tight enough on her wrists just as they got snug then said,
"Do my legs."
    She kept saying, "Wider." until her feet left the floor and
she was nearly doing the splits. 
    Her husband put his fingers into her gaping pussy and said
amazed, "She is sopping wet and it hasn't even started!"
    I knew that was not true just the anticipation of being tied
was exciting enough to make me wet. It was like foreplay.
    They started slowly. she screamed and shuddered at each lash
before working up the courage to say "Now." for the next but as
it went on the "Nows" became faster then the "Nows," changed to
"Tits" then "Nipples," until the last six were brought on by
moaning "Pussy."
    I had no idea whipping someone would be nearly as exciting as
being whipped. I could feel her pain as the lashes came
diagonally across her pussy until I brought them directly into it
knowing the tips were hitting her ass-hole.
    She let out one loud scream then dropped her head to moan,
"Pussy, Pussy, Pussy, over and over but I ignored that knowing
she had reached her most powerful orgasm."
    We let her down to lie on the floor. She immediately broght
both hands to her pussy to dig at it until she went to sleep.
    We went for more drinks while the men and women agreed this
was the most fantastic night of their life and that they had
never cum that hard before.
    One woman said, "It was good for the men too. Last night John
could not get it up. Tonight he was able to fuck me twice and he
still has a hard-on."
    Everyone seemed amazed that they would react the way they did
except Kay who said, "I am not really surprised. I have had
fantasies about being whipped since I was a little girl. It
started when my brother spanked me with a willow switch for
breaking his toy but for some reason we did not go further."
    By then everyone had become exhausted and began going home.
    After they left I confessed, "They did not really hurt me
very much even with so many. Are you proud of me anyway?"
    "Of course. If it hadn't been for you none of the women would
have agreed to it. It was great to see them cum to an experience
they never would have tried without your example."
    He was tired and we went to bed. He was asleep in minutes but
I was too excited to sleep. The party had been a fantastic
success for me. I had performed in front of an audience who was
very impressed even though they were rich and had seen
everything. I felt the dozen or so welts on my body from  a
hundred and twenty lashes that proved I was not badly hurt but
best of all I had found four women like me so I no longer felt
perverted. I conveniently forgot that Dick had weeded through a
lot of people to come up with these five couples. I didn't even
think it was significant that these women had only taken twenty
easy lashes. It was only important that they, like me, had become
excited. 
    I slept late and Dick had already gone to work. He left a
note on my dresser that said, "You are the greatest! I love you!"
    I felt a little guilty because he was so impressed by
something that made me excited and thought I should suffer more
to deserve his love.
    I took a long shower noting that there was only a few small
bruises on my body and decided I could take a lot more pain.
Maybe next time I would suggest he use the "Cat" to really
impress our guests and him.
    I walked out to the living room where the ropes were still
hanging from the beam and jumped up to hang from them as I
imagined a huge audience in front of me and tried to imagine the
feel of the "Cat" but I couldn't and slipped down until my feet
were on the floor. Then I noticed a camcorder at the far end of
the room near the ceiling. He must have put it up there while I
was dressing. I got the kitchen step-stool to unload it then
played it on our TV. He had zoomed in until I was almost life
size doing my strip tease. I looked really good. I moved smoothly
and sexily and it was obvious from the look on my face that I was
really enjoying myself as I smiled at the audience reaction.I
fast-forwarded to where I was being prepared for my birthday
spanking. I was obviosly excited and cooperated fully to my
bondage. when I was whipped I didn't look as if I was suffering
at all. I just looked like the milder porno tapes where the woman
was trying to get to orgasm in spite of the loud "Whap!" of the
whip. Again I knew no-one would believe I was being badly hurt or
that I didn't want it because I looked frustrated at the delays
while the whip changed hands and was pumping my pelvis trying to
cum. I turned off the tape for a moment to run to our bedroom to
get the vibrating dildo. I turned the tape back on and plunged it
into my pussy in time with the whipstrokes. I needed something
extra so I pinched my nipples to cause pain at the same time to
let me get to orgasm just as they started to let me down. It was
obvious the audience had no sympathy for me. I had been so
excited at the time I had not heard their yells to hit me harder
or to hit my nipples or pussy. They yelped in glee as I gasped or
moaned at an especially hard lash or one to the sensitive areas
of my nipples, pussy or tender inner thighs. They really got
excited and women and men nearly ripped off their clothes to fuck
doggy style so they could watch my ordeal as they fucked.
    I fast forwarded again to the point the other women were
whipped. On tape they seemed to be hit not nearly as hard as I
was. Even I didn't hit hard then I remembered thinking I should
only excite her so she would want it again. I assumed the other
whippers felt the same way. After all it was their first time. I
convinced myself I was not hit hard the first time either. I
spent the rest of the day either hanging from the ropes or
watching tapes to keep me in a state of excitement for Dick's
return.
    As soon as he came in he went to the camcorder and saw the
kitchen stool. He was angry, "What have you done! Why were you
looking at the camcorder."
    "I'm sorry. I guessed you filmed the party and I couldn't
wait to see it."
    "You have ruined it for me. I wanted us to see it together
while we fucked."
    "We can still do it."
    "No. It is not the same but I do want to see it."
    I knelt by his chair while he watched. I was a little
disappointed when he fast-forwarded to my whipping missing the
dance I was so proud of. He wasn't even very excited by my
whipping saying, "God. I didn't think they would be so wimpy. I
should have whipped you. It would have been harder with more to
your ass-hole and pussy."
    I thought he was just saying that because he was mad at me
for ruining what he had planned. I felt guilty and offered to
suck his prick but he said, "No. It isn't even hard."
    "Would you like to whip me? That may make it hard."
    "No. You like to be whipped."
    "Please don't be mad at me. There must be a way to punish me
so you can forgive me."
    He seemed to like that idea. "Yeah. There is a way you can
punish yourself with some toys I got at Jim's. We can see how far
you will go to earn forgiveness."
    He went upstairs and returned with the box. He had me lean
over the dining room table while he wrapped ropes around my arms
and the table until I could not lift up. When he was satified I
could not straighten up he tied a rope around my waist then to
the chandelier to lift me up on my toes.
    He took two evil looking clamps out of the box and showed
them to me.They had jagged teeth with a thumbscrew to tighten
them. He said, "These are going to hurt. Do you still want to be
forgiven?"
    "Yes. I deserve to be hurt. I owe it to you."
    He put them on my nipples just tight enough to keep them from
falling off then went from one to the other tightening them more
until I felt like animals with sharp teeth were biting me. He
kept tightening them until I screamed, "No more! They will bite
off my nipples. The pain was horrendous and seemed to get worse
with time. He jerked down on them to make me scream again then
said, "Yeah. They shouldn't fall off."
    I thought that was it but then he took out two more clamps
and put them on each pussy lip tightening them until I was
whimpering in pain. 
    I thought just a few minutes of this would earn forgiveness
but he was not through. He brought out wire hoops he clipped to
the clamps then lead weights he put on one at a time. I thought
nothing would hurt anymore than the clamps but I was wrong each
weight added even more pain. I begged him to stop even whining
"Mercy," but he said, "You can take it. This is a continuation of
your birthday. When you have twenty ounces hanging from them and
take twenty spanks it will be over."
    I resigned myself to it and decided I could stand it because
the pain to my nipples and pussy changed from sharp to a
throbbing deep pain as I felt my breasts and lips stretch  until
he stood up and said, "See? You can take it. Now for your
spanking."
    I was grateful for it. Twenty spanks would be over in seconds
and I could be freed.
    But then he said, "God that looks wild! You can't see it. I
will get some pictures. My agony continued as he used a polaroid
to take the whole roll. I stood perfectly still since my
slightest move caused the weights to swing and cause jerks to
make the clamps take sharp bites.
    Finally he was through and said, "Now for your spanking."
    I was glad as I thought that it would only take seconds to
give me twenty spanks and the new pain to my butt may take my
mind off the agony to my pussy and nipples.
    I thought he would use a whip but I suddenly felt horrendous
pain over the whole surface of my butt, to make it even worse the
weights jumped and swayed jerking on my nipples and pussy to make
the teeth bite even harder. I screamed and looked back at him
frantically to see he was holding a thick leather paddle with
holes drilled into it that looked like an oversized and over long
tennis racket.
    It was not over in seconds, he waited until the weights
stopped swinging to give me another to make them jump and sway
again. There was much too much agony to let me get excited. My
ass felt like it was on fire and I was sure my nipples would be
torn off and my pussy ripped at each spank.
    I don't know why I did not pass out. I would have welcomed
it. Finally it was over. He could have cheated because I was in
too much agony to count the spanks.
    Thankfully he took off all the weights at once but when he
took off the clamps the sharp pain returned as the blood came
back to my nipples and pussy.
    I was crying hysterically when he took off the ropes and
carried me to the bathroom to put me in a tub with cool water.
    He said, "That will help. I'll get you a stiff drink."
    It did help. My butt stopped burning and just ached as I
caressed my nipples and pussy lips trying to soothe them. The
teeth had dug in to make holes in my skin that were ooozing
blood.
    I spent a long time in the tub because everytime I got out
the burn returned. Finally I was able to stay out and went to my
three way mirror to look at my butt. It was literally blistered.
The holes in the paddle had caused bumps that had turned to blood
blisters. It was so sore I could not bear to touch it. It was
hours before I could let him caress salve on it.
    He apologized saying he had no idea that paddle would cause
so much damage but I knew he had to be lying as it was right in
his sight through the whole ordeal.
    He said he forgave me but I said, "God. After that I forgive
myself for any wrong thing I have done in my life."
    "Yeah it was wild! Look at the pictures."
    He handed me the poloroids and they were absolutely obscene.
I knew now why it hurt so terribly. My breasts were stretched
down into cone shapes and my pussy lips were stretched to the
maximum to bury the teeth completely into the skin.
    He asked me if I wanted to make love but I was too sore and
was hating him for treating me so badly. He just said, "Your
Mouth isn't sore." I sucked his prick while he caressed my butt. 
    The next morning the burning had stopped but there was still
throbbing pain to the bruised muscle and it was really ugly. It
was completely black and blue and covered with blisters. I could
not sit down comfortably for three days. He really seemed
concerned and brought home a new ointment every day to see what
would help. Now that I look back on it I think he was mostly
worried I would not look good for the next party.
    The next few days he was really nice to me but it was not
enough to make up for what he had done. He knew he was causing
pain so badly there would be no way I could cum but kept it up
anyway. A pain that lasted for days. Before the pain was over
shortly after my orgasms but this time there had been no orgasms
and the pain continued too long.
    The third night he made love to me which might have made me
forgive him but he had me get on top then spanked my sore ass
with a strap in each hand as I pumped. It was too much too soon.
Pain no longer excited me because I knew now that he was capable
of hurting me terribly.  My belief that he would never go to far
was gone and also the escape of using "Mercy." I had screamed and
sobbed that word over and over while my ass burned and my nipples
were being chewed but he had ignored me to prove he could do what
he wanted with or without my consent.
    The only concern he showed was when I told him after he came
while sobbing that I no longer wanted pain and it didn't excite
me anymore.
    He told me I would get over that and to help me he didn't
hurt my butt or nipples again. He did use the pussy whip on my
tummy and pussy but even that light pain did not get me off
because I was afraid that any moment he might hit really hard. My
only consolation was that he mistook my moans as rising
excitement and ate my pussy which relaxed me enough to get an
orgasm.
    He said, "See, You can still get off on pain."
    I told him it was having him lick my pussy not the whip that
got me off and I had just been able to tolerate the whip in the
hope he would not hit harder.
    This angered him and he said, "Well you had better get back
to normal soon. If you think I am going to be satisfied with
straight fucking and sucking after you introduced me to the
excitement of sadism, you can think again. You will be whipped
whether you want it or not."
    I was confused. Maybe it was all my fault. I had encouraged
him after my first spanking by never protesting and even asking
for pain.
    "No. It is just because I am afraid. You promised you would
not scar me and would stop if I said "Mercy" but my butt is in
terrible shape and I asked for mercy over and over. I can't trust
you anymore."
    "I am sorry. The spanking was not meant to excite you it was
meant to punish you so you would not do anything until you knew I
wanted it. I got carried away. I promise it will not happpen
again. I'll tell you what. If I ever ignore "Mercy" again you can
do to me what I was doing to you."
    "I couldn't do that. It just doesn't seem right. I am the
slave, you are the master. Just having you make that offer makes
me feel better. My nipples feel better. Tomorrow why don't you
use the pussy whip on them and my pussy to see if I am better. As
long as I know my magic word, "Mercy" will work I think I can get
into it."
    We tried that the next night. He insisted I not be tied and
be comfortable. He got a pillow to put under my butt which was no
longer sore although still ugly. I laid on the couch with my
right leg over the back and my left on an ottoman that left me
with spread legs and my pussy pushed up. He told me just to leave
my hands folded over my tummy so I could easily cover myself if
it got too much.
    He began slapping my tits then open pussy lightly. It didn't
hurt at all. it just felt good as the leather was pulled over my
nipples and clit. after a dozen of those he asked, "Harder?" By
then I was excited and said "Yes. Harder"  He  began hitting hard
enough to make my breasts and pussy lips jump and bring pain but
it was a good pain and my excitement rose until I said "Harder"
again to bring on more and to see my breasts jump more violently
and my pussy lips squirm and be pulled open. Now the pain was
greater and I knew it would bring me to orgasm at that level but
I said "Harder again to rush my climax. Now my tits and pussy
after jumping turned very red but it just raised me to a new
level that soon brought on an explosive climax."
    He recognized it and yelled "I knew you could do it! and then
began fucking me to keep them going.
    He was so pleased the next afternoon after work he brought me
some new clothes. Among them was some sheer harem pants and a
scarf of the same material he arranged over my breasts and tied
at the back. then he said, "This goes with the outfit." He put a
heavy gold chain around my waist with a red jewel covering my
belly button. I went to the mirror to admire myself. The skinny
waistband was just across my pubic bone and my nipples and pussy
were clearly visible behind the transparent material. I thought I
looked sexier than when I was naked. He loved it too and said, It
is perfect! The scarf pulls your breasts together to make
cleavage and your pretty butt fills the pants just right."
    "Pretty butt" reminded me I had not looked at it since my
spanking since it was so ugly. I turned to see it had healed
completely and even more surprising had no scars.
    That made me happy and I kissed him and said, "Oh Darling.
You didn't scar me!"
    "Of course not. I love your body. I don't want to take away
any of it's beauty."
    That did it. Now I trusted him again to take care of me."
    The party was to be in a few days and I assumed it would be a
costume party since I had my harem outfit and Dick had silk
flowing pants and vest with a coiled whip hooked at his waist to
be the harem keeper. I giggled and said, "You are hardly a
typical Harem keeper. They were eunuchs. Your prick is going to
be sticking out of those pants."
    I was really looking forward to the party since I now had
something in common with at least four of the women. They had
intimidated me before because they had been rich all their lives
and had gone to college. Now we were all lovers of pain. 
    It was a costume party but the other women wore outfits much
more elaborate than mine. they had tiny leather bikinis festooned
with chains, handcuffs, and coiled skinny leather whips. Their
husbands wore leather pants, vests and biker boots.
    We all drank for awhile then Kay said, "Dick, Why don't you
put up the ropes. We need some excitement."
    I became a little frightened thinking I would soon be whipped
possibly more than I wanted but Kay continued, "We have all been
naughty girls. Jan maxed out her credit card and I dented a
fender, Beth got drunk downtown, Muffy lost her ring, and Betty
tore her new dress.
    They drew cards for order and each in turn was given twenty
lashes but they used thong whips like mine rather than the long
skinny whips at their waists except for a few welts on their
butts their skin was just turned red. As soon as they finished
with a girl she was let down to be fucked sometimes satisfying
two or three men at a time.
    Kay was last and said, "I am horny as hell. I want three of
you to whip me at once so I can get to the fucking."
    That was intriguing. I watched avidly as her pain was
constant. There was a least one lash coming into her back and
front steadily until she too was let down to bounce on one man's
prick while she sucked another.
    Needless to say the scene made me incredibly horny and I felt
left out. No-one had touched me and I believed it was necessary
to earn a fuck from whipping.
    When everyone had calmed and was standing around the bar I
said plaintively, "Doesn't anyone want to whip me?"
    Kay said, "Why? What have you done wrong?"
    I hung my head and said, "Nothing. You know it makes me
excited."
    "Oh. Well in that case you would not be like us. We were
whipped by our husbands we had wronged. You would have to be
whipped by all of us for being a sex-starved slut."
    That was humiliating but it gave me an idea, "I suppose so.
Could three or four of you whip me at once so it will be over
quickly. I am so horny from watching all of you. I need my turn."
    Kay said, "Is that alright with you guys?"
    When they agreed she said "How many lashes?"
    "Maybe twenty like you."
    "Get real. There are nine of us counting Dick that would only
be three apiece even at twenty seven. How about a new record.
Last time you took one hundred and twenty. How about fifteen
apiece?"
    I was not good at math and it took me a minute to determine
that would be one hundred thirty five. I remembered I had reached
my ultimate orgasm last time before a hundred and twenty and the
lashes after that had been agony.
    "That's too many, maybe ten."
    "No. Fourteen."
    I turned to Dick and said, "Will you stop them if I yell
Mercy?"
    "No. You had better think about this. I promised I would stop
but I can't control others. Make up your mind to take whatever
you can or just forget about doing it at all."
    I figured in my head and determined twelve would make it one
hundred and eight which should be just right.
    "I'll take twelve if I can have them four at a time."
    Kay laughed, "You can't divide four into nine."
    I hadn't thought of that but defiantly said, "I know that!
Whoever is last can whip just my breasts and pussy while the rest
of you watch."
    Kay laughed "Deal!" and stepped behind me to untie the knot
of my scarf to let it drop then unsnapped my pants for them to
slide down my legs.
    They tied my legs even further apart than last time so almost
all my weight was hanging from my arms. I felt very vulnerable,
frightened, but excited.
    When I was hung up Kay fondled my breasts and tummy while
saying, "Such lovely white skin. You will look like a tiger when
we are through."
    I didn't understand. The thong whip just made solid red with
some welts if hard enough. That wouldn't make me look like a
tiger.
    My excitement grew as I hung there while Kay said, "High
cards go first. Next four go next, low card does the finale.
People on her left front hit her from her cleavage to her left
thigh people on the right cleavage to right thigh. Back people
from the armpits to thighs left start at bottom right at the tops
so your whips won't tangle.
 It seemed to take forever as more than one would get the same
card while I hung there trembling with excitement and
anticipation. Finally they moved to the corner where they had
discarded their clothes.
    I knew why she had said I would look like a tiger when she
turned around and let her skinny whip out of it's coil then
brought it over her head to make a terrible "Snap!" when it hit
the floor. It was about four feet long and I knew the leverage
would make it terrible.
    I yelled, "No. Not that! Just use the thong whip!"
    "Fuck you bitch. That was not in the agreement. This will
make lovely welts."
    Dick was by my side and I looked at him through tears of fear
and plaintively said, "Dick. Please."
    "I warned you Baby. It is too late to back out now."
    I hated myself for being so stupid. I should have told them
just to use the thong whip.
    I loved Dick when he said, "Let's take it easy on her gang.
She might not volunteer again if it is too bad."
    Kay grabbed the tips of the whips of the two people in front
of me and stretched them across my tits with the tips in the
middle. She said, "Perfect. Don't step closer as your tips may
tangle. This should pull her tits apart."
    Then she went to the back and pulled the whip on my right
over until the tip was at my left nipple then did the same on the
other side. She said "When you get to her ass pull back so the
tip can get into the crack. Left side start at bottom right at
top don't let the whips tangle when you meet."
    I sobbed as I thought of those tips digging into my tender
ass-crack and into my  slit. The way she had positioned the whips
the most painful tips would be sinking into my spayed pussy. I
knew they would not waste many lashes on my tummy. 
    They did start easy but this single strand was much different
than the multiple thongs. It provided a narrow cutting pain and
seemed to sink in deeper than the multiple thongs. It was
bearable though and the pain was constant because as the front
whips pulled back for the next swing the back whips dug into the
sides of my breasts and down to my ass crack and later the back
of my pussy and then wrapped around my thighs.
    It hurt but it was also exciting and I stared fascinated as
the whips pulled my breasts apart on the backswing to leave a
narrow stripe of red on my trembling body. the stripes slowly
worked their way down to provide some relief as my tummy was
striped rather than the greater pain of a nipple or pussy.
Incredibly I was looking forward to the extra pain  of the tips
biting into my slit but it was worse than I expected and I howled
as first one then the other bit into my clit then violently
ripped my pussy lips open.
    That completed the first forty eight and I panted and
trembled as new people had their whips positioned.
    Then the next forty eight commenced as I hung there with
gritted teeth and clenched eyes trying to get to the relief of
orgasm. I made it just as the front whips bit into my pussy and
then they stepped back staring at my sweating pulsating body as
Kay stepped in front of me. I watched glazed as someone stretched
her whip to my nipple.
    Then pain and orgasm hit at once as the tip came down on my
right nipple then my left six times then it was going into my
pussy and I pumped as hard as I could to meet it screaming at
each one until she stopped.
    They let me down and then carried me to our big tub Dick had
evidentally filled with cool water.
    I turned on my side and Kay and Muffy gently laved the cool
water on my breasts and pussy as the pain and heat went away.
    Dick brought in a tray of drinks and I chugged two down to
get the calm of the alcohol and relieve my dry mouth.
    Kay said, "God girl. You were awesome. It was unreal. We
could hardly believe our eyes when you pushed out your pussy to
meet the whip. Did it seem like I was hitting hard?"
    "Oh yes. I thought my pussy was being torn."
    "It wasn't. At the end I moved forward to just slap your
pussy. You were so turned on a feather would have caused agony."
      After about ten minutes of gentle caresses and kisses Kay
said, "Do you want to go back or to bed. Everyone said you were
so awesome they would eat your pussy as long as you wanted."
    I deserved that and walked back feeling a constant tingle at
my nipples and pussy.
    I felt like a victor. Everyone cheered when they saw me and
when I laid down on our soft plush rug three people came to me to
use their tongues on my pussy and breasts. then they rolled me on
my side and held my right leg up as tongues laved my ass-hole as
well as my breasts. I was glad I had volunteered for the whipping
as the tongues felt wonderful and the other people complimented
me, and Dick for finding me.
    I was not as happy the next morning because many of my pretty
red lines had turned to ugly bruises.
    I was kind of whimpering in front of the mirror when Dick
woke up and came over to me. "What is the matter, Darling?"
    I blubbered, "Lllook at me. I have ugly bruises all over."
    "No. They aren't ugly. They are your badges of courage."
    He went on to remind me how everyone thought I was the most
courageous woman they had ever heard of and began comparing me to
Joan of Ark and other famous martyrs then led me back to bed to
make love and go back to sleep.
    That convinced me and then even more when we watched the tape
and I saw that no-one was really hitting too hard and that I was
taking them without screams or protests until my screams of
orgasm when Kay was just flipping the end of her whip into my
sopping wet pussy. I didn't wear a stitch of clothing for three
days and spent a lot of time in front of mirrors sad to see my
"Badges" fade away.
    Then one morning there was a buzz on the intercom from our
front gate and a man said he had a delivery for us. I put on a
robe and met them at the door. It was a big truck and the driver
and his helper began unloading big crates and asked me where I
wanted to put them. I had no idea so I called Dick  who told me
that was our shipment of toys from Mexico and to have them put in
the basement and not to peek.
    Our basement was eerie. There were no windows and pitch black
until I found a light switch to reveal the stone walls and gobs
of spider webs. It was cool down there but hot outside. The men
took off their shirts and I watched their muscles straining as
they brought down the boxes. They watched me too. I was so used
to being naked my robe seemed modest but their probing eyes made
me look down at myself. I realized then that when I had climbed
up to sit on one of the cases my robe had loosened and my legs
were exposed almost to my crotch with only the ends of belt
hiding my sex and the top was showing cleavage almost to my
nipples. I covered up to their disappointment but then thought it
was flattering that they thought I was sexy. It would be fun to
tease them. I moved to the corner of the crate to give me the
excuse to have my legs open more and opened the waist so I had
cleavage clear to my navel. They grinned broadly at me when they
brought down the next crate but I pretended I didn't notice. When
they sat down the crate I turned and leaned over pretending to
read the label which I knew exposed the rest of my breasts. I let
them stare for a minute amused as I saw lumps growing in their
pants then said, "Is that all?"
    It startled them as they had been lost in lusty thoughts. The
biggest one said, "No there is one more."
    By then I was even more excited than they. I loosened the
knot of the robe and when they put down the case and returned to
staring at me I slipped off the case sliding up the robe and
causing the belt to fall to my sides which let the robe open all
the way. I waited until I was standing to slowly pull it closed.
Their mouths dropped and they both grabbed at their crotches.
    I smiled in genuine amusement and said, "What's the matter?
Haven't you seen a naked lady before?"
    The big one gulped walked over to me and said, "Not one that
looks as good as you. I want to see all of you."
    I gulped too and then stammered, "No! I'm sorry . I shouldn't
have teased you."
    "Well it is too late now. Your tease worked and we are going
to fuck your brains out.He grabbed me around my waist to pull me
against his sweaty, hairy chest then said, "You have been a
naughty girl. I guess I will give you a spanking." He pulled up
my robe with his left hand and began spanking my now bare butt
with his right.I put my hands on his shoulders saying "No."
knowing I should push him away but instead I moved my nipples on
his coarse chest hair as stings from his callused hand sent
tingles to my clit.
    The other man pulled my hands back to slip off my robe and I
felt his dick pressing into my ass-crack as the big man dropped
his pants and easily lifted me to pull my legs around his waist
and sink his rock hard cock into my pussy then I felt the other
mans cock begin to work it's way into my little rectum.
    God it was great! It felt even better than Dick's prong with
the dildo in my butt. I squirmed and squealed in delight as they
grunted and pumped until I came and I realized they had too as
their cocks softened and the big man began to let me slide down
his chest. I hugged him to feel his chest and stomach hair slide
against my hard nipples while I kissed his chest and stomach with
my legs limp until I had slid down to my knees and the cock that
brought me so much pleasure was at my lips. I began licking it
and to my amazement it began hardening. Dick had always had to
rest awhile before he got hard again.
    I put it in my mouth and looked at his face grimaced in
pleasure then the other man said, "God. I want some of that
action."
    "Yeah and I want to see if that ass is as tight as it looks."
    He pulled away and put me on my hands and knees and spread my
ass-cheeks as the other man wiped his dick with his handkerchief
then put it in my mouth. Even wiped off I could still taste my
shit but I didn't care. I sucked on it greedily while I felt the
bigger cock plunging into my ass-hole. The big one reached around
me to grip my breasts to use them as handles to pull me into and
away from him while the other man used his hands to fuck my
pussy. All my erogenous zones were being stimulated and I came
three more times until one then the other grunted and pulled
away.
    I laid on my back on the cool floor breathing deeply while
they pulled up their pants then the big man said, "Thanks a lot
lady. You made my day."
    The other one said, "Yeah me too. Have fun with your toys."
    They walked out leaving my limp body as I realized they knew
what was in the crates. I swear I just planned to tease them not
fuck them but I knew now why the big man knew he could have me.
Only a slut would be interested in sex toys.
    I felt terribly guilty now that the passion had gone but I
didn't know what to do. I knew I could not confess. He might not
believe I was raped and may kill me. Besides it only started as a
rape I had soon enjoyed it all.
    He called to say he would be home late to clean up some
things so he could take the rest of the week off and reminded me
to leave the crates alone because he wanted to get the basement
all ready for my surprise.
    I had dinner ready for him when he came home while he
excitedly told me he had arranged enough time off to get the
basement perfect. He was going to the hardware store to get
everything he needed in the morning for better lighting and some
more camcorders.
    He noticed I was distracted and said, "What is wrong. You are
a million miles away."
    "I am trying to guess what is in all those crates. They may
be terrible things that will hurt me."
    Suddenly I had an inspiration that would help relieve my
guilt. "I would like to test you. Maybe you could use the clamps
and paddle on me again to see if you have the restraint to not
blister me." Even if he had that restraint I knew it would hurt a
lot which I deserved.
    "Yeah we can do that but first I want to see a new tape that
was sent to me."
         He put it in the VCR and the scene opened in a dungeon
with stone walls much like our basement. there were four teen
aged naked mexican girls with great bodies secured to the walls
by heavy chains going to clamps like mine on their nipples to
pull their breasts widely apart and other clamps stretching open
their pussy lips. Their arms were pulled up to the ceiling while
their feet were locked in manacles to hold their legs apart.
    I shuddered knowing just the weight of those chains even if
they had not been pulled tight would cause the teeth of the
clamps to bite very hard. Then there were closeups of the girls
breasts wet with their tears showing how the clamps were pinching
their nipples and then a closeup of the hook on the wall to allow
the chain to be pulled tight followed by a close-up of their
pussies showing the lips pulled tightly open to expose the tender
pink skin and clits.
    Two big men released one of the girls and carried her over to
what looked like a merry go round horse but then I saw a shiny
metal gnarled dildo coming out of the seat about eight inches
long and a couple of inches thick. They pulled her legs apart
with them out in front of her then let her slide down on the
dildo with close-ups to show how her pussy lips stretched and
relaxed as they slid over the deep ridges. Her hands and ankles
were tied straight out in front of her to a bar going through the
horse head which would only allow her to move back and forth
which she began doing. Then the camera moved closer to show a man
on her right side holding a black box with wires running from it.
He flipped a switch and the camera backed off to show the horse
rocking from side to side as the girl got a wild look on her face
then it zoomed in to show him flip another switch. Now the horse
started jumping up and down. They showed a closeup of her pussy
squirming from the lumps on the dildo as her butt bounced off the
seat. Then they pulled back again to show her face and body as
she approached climax. Just as she began letting out little
screams they panned to the man who pressed a button. There was a
shriek then the camera moved back to show the man hitting the
botton as her ass spread from impact on the seat to cause shriek
after shriek until they had to catch her when her head dropped
and she started to fall off to the side. 
    A voice came on saying, This is an early model our improved
version has sides on the saddle so they can't fall off and you
can now change the speed of the horses trot and vary the amount
of electricity going to the dido." That explained her shrieks as
he pushed the button. They took her seemingly lifeless body back
to the wall to hang her up but left off the clamps. She began
rolling her head and moaning as they went to the next girl.
    They carried her to a big table where cuffs were put on her
ankles then turned a crank that began pulling her legs apart
until she was screaming and doing the splits. Then her hands were
tied to another winch that began pulling her body until the skin
was tight on her belly. Toothed clamps were put on her nipples
then they were pulled up ontil her round breasts looked like
cones. Finally a man began pumping a foot pedal and a square
piece began to rise out of the table to lift her ass and make her
pussy accessible clear to her ass-hole.
    They took a close-up of her gaping pussy. I was amazed to see
her juices glisten in the bright light.
    The narrator said, "Some will not like being stretched this
much but as you can see this girl is wet from excitement."
    A man stepped between her legs and began shaving hair from
her pussy with a big clippers. She must have liked the vibration
as her face formed a little smile.
    The narrator said, "The pussy must be shaved to demonstrate
the next device."
     A man held a paddle shaped like the crotch piece of my thong
pantie then turned it around to show hundreds of pins sticking
out of it. The narrator said, "The pins are too short to cause
damage but it is painful as you will see."
    The man positioned himself on her far side so as not to block
our view then another men with two paddles stepped behind her
head.
    The man at her side began fingering her pussy until she
moaned and smiled then he nodded his head and all three paddles
came down on her breasts and pussy leaving drops of blood. They
kept it up while she screamed until hoarse and blood was running
off her breasts in little rivulets until she passed out.
    They cut out the period while they released the girl and
there was a fade-in to the third girl with a horrified look on
her face moaning piteously and moaning "No Por Favor No."
    I could not believe girls could volunteer for this. I looked
at Dick who was staring fascinated at the screen  and said, "How
could they get girls for this? Did they kidnap them."
    "No. That would not be necessary these girls are probably so
poor they will do anything for a hundred dollars. They might be
whores given to them by pimps."
    That seemed terrible. The girl they were releasing was so
young she only had wisps of hair on her crotch and her breasts
were still so firm there was no crease under them. The poor thing
looked scared to death. They put leather cuffs around her wrists
then hooked them to a metal cable coming down from the ceiling.
Then they had her stand on a block of concrete and hooked her
ankle cuffs to a ring in the concrete. They stepped back and a
man pushed a button on a switch box he was holding to make the
cable slowly tighten to make her waist slim and her tummy
concave. They kept it going up until the block left the floor.
The block must have weighed at least a hundred pounds and her
body was at maximum stretch to support it. Then they used several
different paddles and whips on her body which would cause her to
twist on impact to present a new place to hit. She must have been
stretched too much to take a deep breath because her only sounds
were moans and small squeals as she was given over sixty lashes
with paddles as bad as Dick had used on me to whips over six feet
long that would curl around her body to leave a spot of blood
where the tip landed which they seemed to try their best to be on
a nipple or pussy lip. 
    There was a fade-out then in to see them lead the fourth
girl, also pretty with a hairless pussy over to what seemed to be
a simple device. It was just a saw-horse that came up to her
knees with a straw broom coming up from the top of the saw horse.
A close-up showed that the broom had been trimmed to make a sharp
wedge at the top. The base of the horse was wide to keep her legs
open but untied. Her hands were handcuffed behind her back then
three alligator clips on each pussy lip was tied to her thumbs to
hold the lips open to expose the inner lips. Finally two boards
reaching up to her navel were stuck in slots to keep her from
moving forward or back. A man spoke to her in spanish.and the
narrator translated, "He is telling her that she is to stay on
her toes for four minutes. If she goes flat-footed in less than
that she will get a lash for each second under the goal. Ballet
dancers and women who wear high-heels may be able to do it for
twice that time but these girls have only worn flat hauraches.
They usually can't make it past three minutes."
    A clock with a second hand was put in front of her for her
and us to see. When the second hand hit twelve one of the men
jerked her up on her toes by her breasts while the other slid the
broom up just below her pussy and locked it in place. I was dying
of curiosity and stood up to stand on my toes. I would never of
guessed that a minute could be so long. She made it just over
three minutes. It was easy to see the coming failure as first her
legs began to tremble then it seemed she had trouble keeping her
balance. Her heels began to drop but as the first sharp straws
entered her pussy she would get up again only to sink in a few
seconds until finally she was standing flat footed and sobbing.
    They pulled out the boards in front and back of her and I
expected her to be lifted out but then a man spanked her ass with
a big wood paddle and she jerked forward dragging those sharp
straws through her pussy. She struggled to get back up on her
toes just as the other man hit across her clit with a big leather
strap. She never had a chance to get back on her toes as lash
followed spank forty times for the forty seconds she was short of
the goal.
    When they lifted her off she was crying hysterically while
blood ran down both her legs from the straws and the lacerations
made when she ripped off the alligator clips while trying to
escape.
fade-out then in to see them dragging the first girl over to a
barrel about five feet long with big nails sticking out of it
about an inch long. It was mounted on a pipe with gears at the
end. While she was stretched out on it and tied to the pipe with
her hands past the barrel in front and her feet past the end the
narrator came on to say that this was the perfect device for
torture with no residual marks. the pain did not come from the
nails which were blunt but from electricity that was applied to
them when the motor was turned on. They screwed in two pipes at
her waist to keep her from falling off to the side then turned it
on. She screamed and strained to try to lift herself off the
nails but being stretched that way there was no way she could do
it and just had to take the shocks until the barrel turned far
enough for gravity to pull her body away. It was really
diabolical because the barrel turned very slowly to allow
recovery but also to allow the girl to anticipate the moment when
the gravity that helped her pulled her back on the spikes.
We watched her make a few revolutions watching the fear hit her
face and constant "No,s" until the scream that came when her body
fell back on the spikes.
    The narrator said "It is spectacular in the dark." as the
lights went out and we saw blue lightning jump to her breasts
which were closest to the nails then travel on down her body
until she was in full contact. I felt sick. I was very afraid of
electricity since when I was a little girl I had stuck a hairpin
into an electrical outlet that gave me a nasty shock and burned
my fingers.
    When she was finally taken off I didn't understand why there
was just little red bumps on her body from the nails. I thought
she would be burned.
    I told Dick my experience with electricity and asked why she
was not burned.  
    He explained that they used high voltage but very low
amperage. The amperage was what burned and killed. House current
at only 120 volts will kill you if you are well grounded in a tub
or touching a water pipe but you can touch a spark plug in a car
at 20,000 volts and just get a terrible shock.
    By then he had removed his clothes to fondle his hard-on
while he watched the torture of those poor girls. He turned to me
and said "Let's get your 'Test' spanking over with so we can fuck
I have decided that that paddle with the holes is too severe.
I'll just use a bamboo cane."
    I was worried now that I knew even severe torture turned him
on but I reminded myself that I deserved punishment for betraying
him and he was being nice not to use that terrible paddle.
    I have to admit he allowed me to make it as easy as I wanted.
He handed me the clamps and told me to tighten them myself but to
make sure they would not fall off. I tightened them little by
little until tears came to my eyes and I felt it was enough to
let me forgive myself. Then he tied them to the table saying I
needn't pull on them unless I wanted to. As a final gesture he
told me he would hit me easy unless I said, "Harder."
    I thought he was being kind but now that I think back on it I
know that he knew me better than I did and as I got excited I
would bring on more than enough pain to excite him.
    That was exactly what happened the easy spanks just excited
me and I left the cords to the clamps loose but as it went on I
began screaming "Harder" and pushed myself out from the table to
stetch my nipples and tits as far as they would go as the fire on
my ass sent me into fantastic orgasms.
    It was a success. I was guilt-free and although my butt was
bruised in wide lines the size of the cane there were no blood-
blisters.
    He worked on the basement for three days from morning to
night only leaving occassionally to go to the hardware store. In
spite of my promise I tried to look into the basement but he
evidentally did not trust me as he had put new locks on both the
inside and outside door. I was really getting frustrated because
he was too tired at night or thinking about his project to want
to make love to me. He even passed up my offer to have him whip
my breasts while I held them out for him!
    But there was hope because we had been invited to a party at
Kay and Bill's. I knew there would be sex and I didn't have to
worry about being hurt badly since they lived in a condo with
neighbors on each side. A scream would bring the police.
    I figured it would be another costume party since Dick said
he bought a special outfit for me. I was disappointed when I
opened the package and saw a plain house dress like my Mother
used to wear for cleaning. He grinned at my disappointment and
said, "Don't worry I am going to alter it. You are going as a
southern slave. Did you know that some slaves were only one
eighth black and were as white as you?"
    I had read that somewhere and when he showed me his costume
as an overseer I felt myself get wet as I rembered my fantasy. He
had me put on the dress then cut a ragged hem just below my butt
and a big piece out above my nipples then started making slits. I
would walk around then be called back for more slits so when I
walked around flashes of my nipples and pussy would appear
through the slits. I thought it was really sexy. I would be doing
a little strip tease just by walking around and if I bent over
both my boobs and butt were fully exposed. I thought I would be a
hit since they all thought I had a great body. Dick had me put on
a fur coat over the dress since I was too exposed to be in
public. I giggled as we went down the crowded sidewalk to their
building at the reaction I would get if I opened the coat.
    When we went in I felt we were at the wrong party. Everyone
else was dressed in colonial costumes and I remembered it was
close to thanksgiving. I was given a drink by Kay and said, "I
feel strange. Since we are all alike in being excited by pain I
kind of expected you and the other girls would be in slave
costumes too since there were slaves and indentured servants in
colonial times"
    She looked at me funny then said, "My God how dense are you?
We aren't like you. We just like a little stimulation not real
pain. Didn't you notice we only took twenty light lashes while
you took over a hundred hard ones? You are just a poor dumb hick
who would probably be hooking on the street if it wasn't for
Dick's money."
    I was aghast and tried to defend myself. "No! I was a virgin
when Dick met me."
    "Well you aren't now are you. I'll bet you beg Dick to fuck
you."
    I was ashamed to admit she was right. Even more. I had
offered to be whipped on my most sensitive parts just so I could
excite Dick enough to fuck me. 
    She noticed my stricken look and said, "Hey. Don't feel bad
about it. Dick and the rest of us love you the way you are and
you better not change if you want to stay married."
    That gave me mixed feelings. I was glad to be loved but felt
guilty about being such a slut and knowing I could never be Kay's
equal.
    Dick came over to us and said, "How do you like the slave
dress I made. Cute huh? She can't make a move without flashing
something."
    I looked down at myself and saw both my nipples were poking
through slits and self-consciously pulled material back over
them. I felt especially naked since the other girls except for
low necklines were fully covered.
    "Kay said, "Maybe too cute. A real slave would be wearing
handcuffs and kneeling when with her betters."
    Dick agreed with her and handcuffed my hands behind my back
and had me kneel. Kay left and came back with a dog collar she
put around my neck then hooked a leash to it.
    Then she said, "I think she has been teasing the men long
enough." 
    She brought out a pair of scissors she had stuck in her
neckline between her breasts and cut my dress off me. Although I
normally enjoyed being naked I was embarrassed with everyone else
clothed and just milling around with drinks with no sign of
sexual activity.
    She pulled on my leash so I started to get up but she told me
to stay on my knees and to remember I was just a scummy slave.
    Kay led me around saying, "Look who's here." She fed me sips
of my drink while they would feel and pinch me. This time there
were no compliments as they pulled and pinched my breasts, pussy
lips or butt. They would just speculate about how much pain I
could take to the part they were pinching before I passed out. I
thought Dick should be jealous and stop them but when I told him
that he laughed and said, "You let these people whip you. What is
a feel and a pinch."
    He didn't understand that I considered the two things totally
different. Whipping excused my actions but fondling just felt
good and made me feel more of a slut.
    The more I drank the drier my throat felt and I started to
ask for some other kind of drink when I discovered I could only
whisper. Kay said, "What?" and I whispered as loud as I could, "I
can't talk."
    "Yeah. You can't scream either. That is great stuff. My
doctor told me about it. It comes from a plant in the amazon. It
gives instant laryngitus. You'll be okay in a day or two."
    That frightened me because the idea I would not be hurt
because I may scream was out the window. Worse Dick would not
hear my cry for mercy.
Kay said, "It is time for the slut's trial."
    One of the men put on a wig and said, "Here comes de judge"
as he took a bar stool behind the bar to sit on to look like a
judge at his bench.
    They led me over to kneel in front of the bar then another
man acting as prosecuter said loudly, "Dixie. Have you ever
cheated on your husband?"
    I whispered "No! Never!"
    "Are you sure?"
    "Yes."
    Then they called Dick as a witness and said, "Dick. Have you
ever encouraged her to fuck another man?"
    "No. You know none of you have."
    That was true but he had told me to suck Jim.
    I heard a door open behind me then I saw the two truck
drivers out of the corner of my eye. I sobbed knowing I was in
deep trouble. 
    The prosecutor had them tell how I had teased then fucked
them. He said," She was a willing partner then?"
    The big one grinned and said, "God yes! Naturally as
gentlemen we informed Mr. Marster."
    I whispered "No! They raped me."
    The prosecutor said, "Pardon me. Did you say they raped you?"
    I nodded my head frantically.
    The prosecutor asked them, "Is it possible that you took
advantage of her?"
    The smaller one grinned and said, "Would a raped woman suck
your dick so she can do it again?"
    I stared at the floor sobbing in shame as the prosecutor
crowed, "Your honor it is obvious this slut is guilty of adultry,
perjury, and making false accusations. She should be punished
severely."
    The judge hit the bar with a bottle and yelled I agree."Take
her to the stocks."
    Two men grabbed me under my armpits and carried me through
double doors into a huge room. It occurred to me that I had been
fascinated by torture as a young girl because I recognized the
stocks used to keep people bent over by locking their wrists and
neck between two boards with holes in them and a whipping post
with manacles hanging down from the top.
    I was taken to the stocks then Dick said angrily, "You will
never betray me again, you bitch."
    I sobbed and whispered, I'm sorry. I'm sorry! I will never do
it again." but he probably didn't hear me.
    They put my neck and wrists in the stocks to bend me over at
a right angle and then tied a board to my ankles to keep my legs
apart.
    A man got on each side of me and then took turns hitting my
ass with big thick leather straps. My butt and thighs caught on
fire but all I could do was make little croaking sounds drowned
out by the "Whap!" of the straps. After about twenty or more hard
spanks I lost my strength and dropped to my knees but I was
brought back to my feet by putting two stickery ropes between my
legs that were tied to a pole two men used to jerk me to my feet
and saw at my ass-hole and pussy as I jerked from the blows until
I mercifully passed out.
    I woke up abruptly when they dropped me into a tub of ice-
water which they held me in until I was shivering uncontrollably.
My thighs at the back and inside were welted bad. I didn't want
to know how my ass looked. I was just glad it was over. When they
let me out Kay had me snort some cocaine which revived me only to
hear someone yell, "The whipping post!"
    I fought them weakly as my hands were pulled up to the
manacles. I looked around to see two women about five feet from
my sides holding coiled whips.
    Then they struck with a "Snap!" "Snap!" milli-seconds apart
and there was cutting pain across my back and butt that threw me
forward into the rough cedar post to drive splinters into my
breasts and stomach. I jerked back just in time to get two more
lashes to drive me into the post again. I felt terible sharp pain
as a big sticker drove into my nipple and desperately pushed out
but my hands were so high above me I had no leverage. That worked
for a minute but after four more terrible lashes they moved
forward and the tips curled around my body to rip into my nipples
and cunt slit. That was so terrible I pressed into the post
wrapping my arms and legs around it to protect my front. This
worked at least to protect my clit but the post was too skinny to
protect my nipples as they grabbed my boobs to pull them to the
sides dragging my nipples over stickers. It bulged my breasts out
to seem to cause even more pain to the tight skin. It seemed to
go on forever as I squirmed at each lash to drive stickers into
my stomach and pussy and break them off.
    Incredibly I either got numb or my mind snapped because the
pain became not as sharp as I became exhausted and just hung from
my arms letting my body twist at the pull of the whips to rip off
more stickers until they let me down and carried my limp body
back to the tub which stopped the burning and revived me. 
    Kay held a little spoon of cocaine under each nostril which I
snorted gratefully to let the "High" further revive me and help
kill the pain. They put me on my back on the floor and the four
of them began picking wood stickers out of my body. There were
hundreds and the fondling and pulling on my skin as the stickers
were pulled out really stimulated me and I felt excitement rising
while I listened to them talk about me.
    Kay said, "Jesus. Isn't she awesome. She took ninety lashes
that threw her into the splintery pole without passing out. I
would have fainted at ten."
    Ninety meant Dick had given me ten too. I wondered if he had
been the one that gave me ten in a row up between my legs to make
me straighten up and slide my body on the pole. 
    Another girl agreed and added "Look at these welts! The whips
really dug in. I am surprised she is not bleeding. 
    Another said " She is young with resilent skin and great
muscles but that didn't help much with her tits. Did you see the
way they slapped into that post at each lash?"
    "Yeah! God that was exciting. Just seeing it made my tits
ache."
    They settled down to continue removing stickers which
continued to stimulate me as they ran their hands over my body
watching for me to wince to find the ones that were broken off
under my skin which they dug out with needles and tweezers.
    Finally they got the last one but they continued to stroke me
as if I was a big cat until Kay kissed me on my nipple that had
drops of blood from three big stickers and said,"That was a tough
ordeal. Are you hating us?"
    "No.I deserved it. I shouldn't have teased the truckers to
encourage them to rape me. I felt really guilty about having them
fuck me. I can forgive myself now. Dick. Do you forgive me?"
    "Yes. I think you learned your lesson. There is just one more
thing to remind you of what you are."
    "Please! No more. You said I learned my lesson. I promise I
won't ever do it again!"
    They ignored me and took me to a wall to run ropes around my
body and to hooks so tightly I could not move. Dick brought out a
soldering iron with a capital letter "A" bent out of wire and
plugged it in to an electical cord. I watched it fearfully as the
letter began to smoke then began to glow red. I began to whimper
and plead for mercy but I was ignored and the letter was pressed
into my breast with the lower legs of the "A" straddling my
nipple. I had never beeen burned and hoarsely screamed at pain
worse than any whiplash. He put another on my other nipple then
let the legs straddle the top of the slit of my pussy. That was
the last straw and I fainted.
    I awoke in a strange bedroom with Dick beside me and realized
that they must have decided I was in no condition to be taken
home.
    My nipples and pussy were still hurting so I got out of bed
to look into a mirror with my body lit by the morning sun. There
were bandages on my nipples and pussy that I carefully removed
then began to cry when I saw large "A,s"  with the crossbars
marking the center nubbins of my nipples and the top of my slit.
If that weren't enough the whole front of my body was red with
little pimples where splinters had been pulled out and skinny
black and blue lines crisscrossed my breasts, stomach and pussy
lips.
    My cries awakened Dick who came over to stand by me. I was
still hoarse as I blubbered, "You lied to me! You said I would
not be hurt more than I could stand and I wouldn't be scarred.
The pain was awful and I have these terrible "A"s. I will be
ashamed to ever get naked."
    "My promise does not count when you deserve to be really
punished and those "A"s will remind you not to ever fuck anyone
without my permission again."
    I whimpered awhile then replied, "I guess you are right. I
should have known better than tease them but I really did not
plan to fuck them."
    "Maybe not but you did and according to them thoroughly
enjoyed it."
    I sobbed and said, "Oh God! I did! I deserved everything that
happened to me. Maybe more! I'll be good from now on. I promise."
    "I believe you and you suffered enough. You won't be hurt
again unless you disobey me or want to be hurt."
    "Oh. I'll never want to be hurt again."
    That turned out to be a lie. A few days later he came
upstairs to pour us a drink. Even though my burns had healed to
leave white scars I still wore large band-aids to hide my shame.
He invited me down for the "Grand Unveiling" of his work.
    As soon as I stepped though the door I saw all the
instruments of torture that were in the tape we had watched and
realized it had been a promotion advertising tape of the
manufacturer.
    I sobbed knowing they were there to be used on me and said,
"Why did you buy these things? You said I wouldn't be hurt
anymore. I don't want to suffer like the girls in the tape."    
    "You saw these used at their worst. They are adjustable and
can cause just tingles."
    I looked at them with dread then decided it was possible for
all of them to be used without terrible pain except the broom
thing.There was no way sharp broomstraws being driven into your
pussy could be adjusted but when I said that he had a ready
answer.
    "Oh. I didn't get that for you. Kay and Buffy are very
competitive. I thought they would challenge each other to see who
could stay on their toes the longest. I'll prove to you they can
be just thrilling. I'll help you on the hobby-horse and will
adjust the speed to what you want."
    Since he had gone to all this trouble and expense I thought I
should at least try it.
    I stood in the stirrups of the hobby-horse and slowly let
myself down on the big dildo. I was wet almost instantly as I
felt the lumps sliding next to my clit as the lips were pulled in
by it's size.
    Dick took my feet and spread them widely to tie my legs to
the bar going through the horses head which let me keep my
balance while I squirmed on the dildo.
    He turned a switch and the horse began going up and down.
This along with my squirming had me really excited and soon I was
saying "Faster" until my butt was bouncing off the saddle while I
felt tingles envelop my pussy when he turned on the electricity.
I said "More tingle!" until the shocks were enough to cause my
muscles to tense at each upward thrust. I saw Dick taking off his
clothes and just as I went into my first great orgasm he lifted
me off the horse to bend me over it to fuck me doggy-style to
bring on more until he grunted and flooded me with sperm.
    While we laid on the cool floor recuperating I hugged him and
said, "You were right. The little pain from the shocks were
perfect to get me over. Should we try something else?"
    "My God. You are insatiable but you will just have to wait. I
am having a grand opening party tonight. You can try more then if
you want to."
    That frightened me. I had noticed that the people seemed to
want to hurt me more at each session and I knew after my
punishment session that there were limits to the amount of pain I
could convert to excitement.
    "I am frightened of them. They hurt me worse each time.Please
don't let them hurt me. Just you."
    "You suffered enough last time. I thought I would just let
you watch or whip this time."
    I really looked forward to giving the girls an idea of what
they had put me through but I should have known I would get too
excited just to watch.
    Before the party he said, "I thought you should be properly
dressed for your role as dominitrix." and gave me a tiny leather
bikini bottom festooned with chains and a top with holes cut out
to pull my breasts though to make them firm balls. I went to a
mirror and noticed that the bikini bottom also had a hole to
display my "A" scar. All three of my "A,s" were prominently
displayed which I think was deliberate to bring back my shame and
guilt for cheating on him. He said, "There is more to the outfit
if you want it."  He took a large gold chain out of his pocket
with a plaque in the middle that said "I belong to Dick."
    "Oh I do want it. I want everyone to know I belong to you and
will never cheat on you again. It seems short for a necklace. Is
it a choker?"
    "No. It is attached to your nipples."
    I took it from him and discovered what looked like two large
gold safety pins at the ends. It was so heavy I did not think the
opening between the wires of the pins could hold it then it
dawned on me that the sharp point of the pins would have to go
through my nipples.
    Gee.. My nipples would have to be pierced to wear this. You
know how sensitive my nipples are."
    "Yes but it shouldn't be any worse than when you picked up
thumb-tacks with them. You didn't seem to mind that very much."
    The only thing I could remember about that was the fact I
eventually had great orgasms. I decided it would be worth the
pain to prove I would be loyal.
    "Yes. I want them."
    "You know it will hurt?"
    "Yes but I want you and everyone to know I am your willing
slave."
    He used a large darning needle to make the hole and it seemed
to take forever for him to slowly push and wriggle the needle
through the tough but sensitive nipple. I was whimpering at the
first and would like to have changed my mind but I was committed
now. The second seemed even worse but surprisingly there was only
a drop of blood when I released my clenched eyes to watch him put 
on the chain.
    I went to the mirror to look at myself.The chain was
beautiful and I looked very sexy. My outhrust boobies made my
waist look even smaller and my erect nipples were carrying the
chain proudly.  
    Our guests arrived later and I was a star again. Everyone
said I looked lovely and tugged at the chain to my nipples. Kay
said, "These are great! You could use them to tie her." I
shuddered at the thought of the way I jerked at my bonds at hard
lashes. I would have to use all my willpower to avoid tearing my
nipples.
    When everyone had a drink Dick led them to the basement. They
were really impressed. Along with the equipment he had installed
four remote controlled cam corders on each wall with spotlights
with pink lenses to make us look good as well as the gas torches
to make the place seem like a real dungeon.
    He took them around to demonstrate each item and had the
girls touch the electric dildo and the barrel to show them how
the electicity could be low enough to cause an exciting tingle.
He watched them jerk their hands away when the electricity went
from tingle to pain. He told them the number on the control each
had let go and they agreed they might be able to take one more
higher number. He didn't bother to explain the splintery whipping
post that had caused me so much pain since they had seen it
before and ignored a split-cedar fence post I assumed would be
set up later as a shorter whipping post.
    All four girls wanted to ride the hobby horse and thought the
stretching table and winch would make their bodies look great.
Dick suggested a contest. The girls could choose either of the
stretching devises and the one who took the most lashes after
being stretched would win a guaranteed maximum orgasm on the
hobby horse. All of them agreed the stretching table would make
their tender pussies and ass-hole too vulnerable so chose being
stretched by the winch with their ankles tied to the concrete
block. The three losers would draw cards to see who would be put
on the stretching table for pussy lashes, Ride the barrel, or
straddle the broom for five minutes.
    Even the contest brought orgasms since none of them were
stretched to the point the concrete block left the floor and they
just used the thong whip. In my new role I got to whip them too
but even though I hit harder than the men  their bodies were just
red when they quit with Kay as the winner.
    Dick gave her a monster orgasm with the horse and as
consolation said the other girls could ride it too after they
paid their penalty.
    There wasn't much penalty. The girl that got the stretching
table was not stretched to the maximum and they just used the
pussy-whip which just excited her to the point she could hardly
wait to get on the horse.
    The girl on the barrel actually asked for more electricity
and more speed as she went into orgasm and Muffy with her ballet
training easily stayed on her toes only letting herself down to
gently prick her pussy to bring on her excitement for the horse.
The moment the straws hit her pussy she was hit on the butt
making the straws drag through her pussy which brought her back
up on her toes until the five minutes were up.
    I decided I didn't like my role. My only excitement had come
from imagining myself in their place. No-one had even fucked me.
    I whined, "I didn't get to cum. Everybody but me has cum. I
want to ride the horse."
    Dick reminded me that he had not cum either and that we were
just hosts but that didn't help.I felt totally frustrated from
being kept excited all night watching the other girls and
imagining myself in their place.
    I said petulantly, "I don't want to be hostess! I want to
cum! I want monster orgasms."
    Dick said, "The other girls earned their orgasms by accepting
pain first. You have just been watching and your attitude is
pissing us off."
    I had watched them "Suffer." It had been no big deal and I
said belligerantly. "I am willing to suffer a lot more than those
pussies. I can do everything they did and more!"
    Someone yelled. "Let's see if she is as tough as she thinks."
    Everyone agreed and their excited looks and statements like,
"She isn't all that tough. We will have her crying like a baby,"
frightened me. I said, "You won't hurt me anymore than you did
them will you? I just meant I could take all the things instead
of just some like they did."
    Kay said, "You said you could take a lot more than us
'Pussies.' Prove it or admit you are all mouth by eating the
pussies of us brave girls."
    That would be worse. It would be terribly humiliating to have
to admit I lost my nerve and have to go down on them. I hated the
idea of looking like a lesbian.
    I said belligerently, "I am not all mouth. You'll see. I'll
make you all look like wimps!"
    Dick said, "I think you are getting carried away agreeing to
be subjected to all these instruments of torture. I'll give you
one last out. If you agree to be everybody's love slave and eat
pussy, suck dicks and lick ass-holes the rest of the night I'll
let you off the hook. Otherwise you will suffer a lot."
    Now I was really scared but no-one had suggested I should
suffer. It had been my idea so I looked at them defiantly and
said, I am not going to chicken out! Do your worst!"
    I still can't believe how stupid I was.  The last time they
had hurt me much more than I could stand and yet I was
challenging them to do their worst. 
    Dick said, "Since you are being so belligerant we will see
how brave you are. If you scream or ask for mercy before you have
taken all the punishment they have you will be punished even
more."
    I think I could have taken all they did but I had agreed to
suffer more and it became endless.
I started with the horse except that since I said I could take
more I had to ride it for the combined time of the other girls at
one more notch of speed and electricety. To their surprise I
managed not to scream and actually got orgasms to the point of
total exhaustion.
    They gave me a break for a couple of strong drinks and a
snort of coke to revive me then led me to the rack. To make it
worse as I had agreed my legs were stretched one more notch wider
and my arms pulled one more notch to cause terrible pain as I
felt my joints were being dislocated and then four of them stood
at my sides to whip my breasts to make them jump violently and my
pussy to jerk open the lips and dig inside for three minutes
which was one more minute than the bravest of them could take
without begging for release. It seemed much longer with the
hundreds of lashes thankfully with the thong whip.
    Again I was given a short break with more liquor and "Coke" I
would have liked to have quit at that point and was hating myself
for bragging about how tough I was.
    I was led to the barrel where I would get an extra notch of
electricity and since Kay was whipped with the thong whip they
would use the "Black Snake" on me.
    It was much too terrible for me to turn the pain into
excitement especially since the whips left narrow concentrated
pain to my breasts and pussy when they fell away from the barrel.
Even then I managed to just sob and moan.
    Again I was released for drinks and cocaine but I was so
exhausted even that did not help much.
    When they led me to the broom I sobbed and said, "Please let
me rest some more. I am so tired I don't even think I can get up
on my toes."
    Dick said, "We know that. Kay has suggested a way to make it
easier to get up on your toes."
    I was so dumb I thanked her when I saw them put a rope down
from the ceiling over the broom since I thought my hands would be
tied to it so I could use my arms to help hold me up.
    I straddled the broom but Dick brought my arms behind my back
and tied my wrists and elbows together to push out my boobs then
tied the rope from the ceiling to my nipple chain.
    They pulled up on the rope to pull up my nipples and breasts
until I went up on my toes to relieve the strain. They took their
time getting the broom up to the height everyone agreed was right
which was just to the point I could feel the sharp pricks of the
straws before they started my time at six minutes. I was so tired
even the pain to my nipples only kept me up for two minutes. The
moment my feet went down I was immediately hit on my butt with
the "Cat" and when my body jerked forward to drag the straws
through my pussy another man hit my pussy to drag it back. It
felt like my pussy was being torn and I forced myself back up but
in a short time I dropped again only to be ripped and rise again.
By the fifth minute I couldn't get back up and just stood there
flat-footed screaming at each lash until I just hung by my
nipples to force my weight down on the broom so I would not be
pushed back and forth until I passed out and the rings were
ripped out of my nipples.
    When I came to they were putting salt water on my nipples and
pussy to stop the blood and dis-infect them. Using fire would not
have been worse.
    Finally the burning stopped and the cool water began to make
me feel better. I went to sleep for a few minutes only to wake up
in horror as I heard them discussing what my ultimate torture
should be for failing my test.
    I dragged my sore body to my feet and tried to run for the
door. They just laughed when I got to it and found it was locked.
I just fell into the foetal position and cried.
    Dick came over to me and said nastily, "That was really
stupid to try to escape. I was holding out for something easy but
since you aren't cooperating I have decided to let them do
whatever they want to you."
    I pleaded, "No! No please! I never want to be hurt again.
Don't hurt me. I'll do anything."
    At that point Kay came over and said, "If she really will do
anything we may give her a break. We are all horny. She didn't
want to eat pussy and suck dicks but she might prefer that to
being hung upside down and having us all whip her pussy with the
'Cat."
    "Oh yes. Please let me suck you. I promise I'll make you
cum."
    "I want to cum fast. How about if I spank your ass with a
belt until I cum to make you work harder."
    I sobbed but my butt was the least sore part of my body and I
thought the men's dress belts couldn't be too bad. 
    I said plaintively, "I don't want to be hurt anymore but I
guess if that will make you cum faster it will be okay."
    She said, "Great! Charlie, Give me your belt."
    He lifted his vest to show me he was wearing a wide thick
western belt.
    I sobbed again as he passed it to her and she gave it to me
to hold while she undressed and I felt it's weight and noticed
the heavy pointed silver tip, I sobbed again as I imagined how it
would feel.
    When she was naked she sat on the edge of a chair then told
me to get on my knees and to spread my legs until my mouth was
pointing up at her pussy.
    As soon as I began licking her she began spanking my butt.
Surprisingly it seemed easy after my prior tortures and since my
folks had always been prejudiced against homosexuals and I heard
all my life how disgusting they were it seemed appropriate to be
punished for agreeing to do this act. The spanking helped relieve
my guilt. When she got near orgasm she broght the belt down
between my legs to let the silver tip hit my clit. I screamed
into her cunt which made her gush and she dropped the belt. I
just felt a hot throbbing sensation.
    I had to suck all the men and women but none of them really
hurt me bad and I felt good I had chosen that course rather than
an alternative much worse treatment.
    They gave me a drink then Kay said, " While you were asleep
we came up with several alternatives for your ultimate
punishment. Since you were cooperative and we could not agree on
the punishment we decided to let you choose the one best to
relieve your guilt."
    She picked up a note pad and said, "Number one. Dick has a
wire whip that provides a 20,000 volt charge. You would be hung
upside down with your legs spread while you are given fifty
lashes on your pussy every thirty seconds which may cut it as
well as shock."
    That would be terrible. Being hung upside down I would not
faint and the lashes spread that far apart would make it last
forever.
    I said, "No! No! that sounds awful."
    "Okay then number two. Fish hooks will be stuck in your
breasts so you can be hung from them while we take turns throwing
darts at your pussy. The one who hits your clit will be able to
burn their initials on your pussy lips with a cigarette."
    "No. that is awful!"
    She shook her head and said, "Too bad. That sounded like it
may be fun. Then alternative three. The gauntlet. Your legs would
be spread with a bar then you would drag on your back past our
line of people separated just enough so yo will always be in
range of a person who would be whipping you with barbed wire. If
you can crawl fast it shouldn't last too long."
    She showed me a whip. It was five feet long. I would have to
crawl fifty feet and I knew I could not move very fast just
dragging myself with my elbows.
    No! I would be cut to pieces by that."
    "Well okay. I'll skip down to an easy one. You can ride
around on that fence post while you get fifty lashes with rose
branches."
    She pointed to a split cedar fence post with iron bars coming
out perpendicular to the post so two men could carry it. The
round side was up with stickery looking bark that would abrade
and stick my inner thighs and pussy but at least it would not
scar me like the other things and the rose thorns would just make
tiny punctures.
    "Okay. I'll take that. It seems much better than the others.
Do you promise that once this is over I can go to bed?"
    " Yeah. I think you will probably need to.
    They led me over to staddle the post and tied my hands behind
my back. I protested. "I may fall off the post if I can't hold on
to it."
    "Don't worry we have that covered." 
    They spread my legs and tied them to the end of an iron bar
then attached weights to my ankles.
    I protested, "Oh the extra weight will make it worse."
    "Yeah maybe but if you don't have them you may slide off
sideways. They will act like a pendulum to keep you upright and
steady."
    I agreed that it may be better because slipping sideways
would cause more abrasion and stickers. If I could sit very still
I might not be stuck too much and since all my weight would be on
it I shouldn't slide against it like the whipping post.
    They brought the post up between my legs and I looked down at
it in horror to see they had turned it over so the "V" shape was
pointing up with several big stickers coming out of it.
    I cried, "Oh no! It will cut me in two."
    "No it won't. Your pubic bone and tail bone will keep it from
going in deep. Now shut up or we will go to option one."
    They lifted the post slowly and just before it got to my
pussy Kay spread the lips to let the sharp angle slide between
them then they lifted it on up until my feet left the floor. I
gasped at the sharp pain as all my weight concentrated the pain
on my clit and tender anus.
    Kay laughed at my contorted face and tears saying,"Are you
comfy?"
    "No you bitch. It hurts terribly. Hurry let's get this over
with."
    I had thought my ordeal would just last for a few minutes
since it would not take very long to get fifty lashes but I was
fooled again.
    The lashes were nothing since they knew the real pain would
be from the post. I was only occasionally hit and hardly noticed
them considering the pain I went through when they jerked the
post up, down, and sideways while others kicked the iron bar
holding my legs apart to make me rock sideways like the toy
clowns on a tight rope. Every bounce drove stickers into my
thighs and pussy then to make it even worse they would lower one
end or the other to make me slide back and forth burying stickers
while blood ran down my legs. I eventually passed out. 
    I woke up hurting all over and found I was handcuffed to the
bed. I called out to him and when he came in I told him I hurt
awfully. He said that the girls had pulled out all the stickers
and that he had salve that would cure me in no time. I begged him
to let me loose so I could go to the bathroom. He agreed but
said, "Alright but I am going to keep you in chains until I am
sure you won't try to run away."
    Peeing was awful. My urine burned my lacerated pussy so much
I peed as fast as I could to get it over with. All I wanted to do
was get away but I knew I would have to convince him I wouldn't
leave.
    I told him I didn't want to go and that although I was really
hurt bad it was my fault.
    He wasn't convinced and kept me chained for three days while
I offered to suck his dick and moved around on my hands and knees
to show him I was submissive. He was finally convinced when I
asked him to whip my butt which had healed with the "Cat" as long
as he wanted.
    Thankfully he only hit me ten times then said, "I guess you
are sincere. I'll take off the chains. You have nowhere to go
anyway. I sent your Mom on a trip around the world. They will be
gone for six months. Even if you do run away I have private
detectives who will find you and when they bring you back I'll
burn off your nipples with my cigarette lighter."
    I promised I wouldn't run away and just asked that my next
time not last as long.
    He smiled at that and said, "On the next party everyone is
going to think of a way to torture you. You may choose the one
you want."
    I deserved an academy award for my acting skill when I
thanked him and said that sounded thrilling.
    That night when I was sure he was asleep soundly after giving
him a blow job while he jerked on fish hooks he put in my nipples
I sneaked to the kitchen and got a big knife I used to stab him
in the stomach over and over until he gurgled and died.
    I took all the cash I could find and his credit cards and ran
out to catch a cab to the airport to catch a flight to Mexico. It
was stupid to use the credit cards. The cops arrested me in a
week.
    I am writing this for my lawyer to help defend me in court.
He told me the best I could hope for is manslaughter since the
cops found all the tapes except my last ordeal. They don't
believe I was forced into those things and think I killed him for
his money. According to them I had just gone to Mexico trying to
establish an alibi.
    The cops have already leaked to the press that I was into S&M
and the tabloids think I killed him as the ultimate sadistic act.

                            The End 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





