BDSM Library - The Suit




The Suit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman suddenly finds herself entrapped in an inescapeable suit with special features. The thing is controlling her whole life. She has to endure it for over a year, but finally it comes to a good end.
The Suit

By: D_Quixote@Yahoo.com (Don Quixote)


WARNING -WARNING This text contains material of an explicit and adult nature. If
you  are not of an legal age to view such text DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER.
Sensitive read- ers or readers that have religious or moral objections to
sexually explicit material, Bond- age, BDSM and or Sado Masochism are warned not
to read the following text. The author  will not take responsibility for any
emotional, psychological, physical or other distress,  damage or harm that may
be that result of reading this text. Readers that live in countries  where text
of an explicit nature is forbidden read this text at their own discretion and of 
their own accord. The following text and characters are fictional and in no way
reflects any  known persons, situations or places. Any similarity to real life
is purely co-incidental. The  author retains ownership of the following material
and grants the reader the right to freely  distribute and re-produce the
material only under the following circumstances: a) That said distribution is
not in any way of financial interest to the distributor.
b) The document stays unmodified and this disclaimer is not removed.


ADDITIONAL REMARK: This is NOT the original version by the author. I have edited
this  version slightly, assembling the various parts to a single document,
correcting some typos  and optimizing layout and formatting according to my
tastes.

Joachim 




THE SUIT

Chapter I

The sun was baking down like a hammer on the land and she had to squint her eyes
to  protect them against the glare. Again she struggled and twisted to get free
from her bonds  but the rope was tied too firmly to budge. She looked down at
her sun-tanned skin and  despaired as the sweat ran down her breasts. She was so
thirsty she could no longer call  for help, her dry throat aching for some cool
moisture. She looked over her shoulder to the  river, less than twenty paces
away. Gallons and gallons of fresh cool water came tumbling  past as she lay
dying of the thirst. She was lying on her back, tied to four stakes that had 
been mercilessly driven into the ground. The savages that had captured her had
long  since left, the oppressive heat and boredom driving them away. She still
only had a vague  idea why they had taken her, something about a sacrifice to
the river gods. In their warped  religion they seemed to believe that a person
dying of thirst would be a appropriate sacri- fice. Suddenly she heard the
clip-clop of a horse approaching. Twisting and turning to see  who was coming
she cursed as her eyes tried to focus on the figure. He was riding with  the sun
directly behind him and she could not make out any detail. Finally his horse 
stopped right next to her head and it's shadow obscured the sun. She was just
able to  make out a tall man, his face obscured by the shadow of his cowboy hat.
The horse  snorted at her and she tried to speak but could only croak. After
several seconds he dis- mounted and walked to the river. She was still trying to
call him back when he returned  carrying a canteen. He bent down next to her and
slowly fed her some of the water. She  drank it so eagerly that she choked and
he had to hold her head while she coughed and  stuttered. When he was sure she'd
be all right he continued giving her the water. After a  long time of heavenly
drinking she'd had enough and she lay back, too tired to move. She  finally
raised her head and looked around. Now that her immediate thirst had been satis-
fied she could think straight. She saw him sitting against the trunk of a palm
tree, studying  her body. She was suddenly intensely aware that she was
completely naked, the savages  having taken all her clothes. It took a few tries
before her voice would return. "I'm intensely  grateful sir - I thought I was
dead for sure." She eventually managed. He just nodded and  continued to stare.
Although her thirst had been sated her body was still burning from the  sun.
"Uhm.. would you mind?" she said - nodding her head towards the ropes around her 
wrists. He just sat there and looked at her. This was making her decidedly
creepy. Was he  going to sit there the whole day? "I mean the ropes, would you
mind cutting the ropes?"  she said. For a few more minutes he just sat there.
Finally he raised himself with a grunt.  Walking over to her he said in a quiet
voice "I see the Nkulikuli tribe's up to their old tricks  again." With that he
reached over and took the reigns of his horse. He casually led it down  to the
water and let it drink. For a few moments she was too surprised to speak, but
then  she realized that he might be leaving soon. "Sir please, please sir I beg
of you" she  pleaded. He just stood there with his back to her while the horse
drank it's fill. For several  minutes she pleaded desperately but he would not
even turn around. Finally he started to  walk his horse away. She was now
shouting her pleas to him, the ropes creaking as she  twisted and fought to be
free. She could not believe what was happening. He led his horse  over to a
small glade and removed the saddle. Taking his time he made sure his horse  was
cared for and then he casually walked over to her. He sat down on his haunches
next  to her as she cried in relief at his return. "It's not a good idea to mess
with the Nkulikuli's,"  he said "they might not like it if I rescued their
sacrifice." She was now sobbing full blast,  the salty tears rolling from her
face. "Please sir please, please please..." she begged.  Suddenly she felt his
cool palm on her stomach, innocently and quietly lying there. She  stopped
crying and blinked away the tears. He was staring deep into her eyes and she 
could immediately feel herself blushing. Raised in the strict catholic tradition
she was not  versed in the ways of sex and she could only stutter. Despite her
predicament she could  feel her nipples begin to throb. She looked down and saw
her breasts standing to atten- tion, her hot nipples ready for his touch. For a
long while he just sat there, his hand gently  resting on her stomach. Finally
she managed get the words out. "Sir anything, anything,  just get me out of this
please." He did not move. "Are you offering me your body?" he  asked. "Yes sir,
my body. My body for my freedom sir." she replied. Her voice was now  quivering
but it was no longer just from fear. He stretched out next to her, lying on his
side  with his arm under his body to keep his chest raised. His other hand
slowly slid over her  skin, up to her breasts. She sighed deeply as his cool
rough skin slid over her nipple. For  a moment he let his arm lay on her breast
and then it continued upwards, slowly following  her arm till it reached her
wrist. He rubbed and teased the inflamed skin next to the tight  coils of rope.
"Why would I want to bargain over your body? I can easily have you and still  be
on my way. That way the Nkulikuli could not possibly object." he said, looking
her  straight in the eye. It took her a few seconds to get over the delicious
path of his hand  before she could reply. She realized that he was right and she
grew afraid again. . "I have  nothing to offer sir. My body is all I have left."
she stammered. It would make good sense  for him to have her and leave her, the
Nkulikuli was notoriously dangerous. "Please sir,  please, what more can I offer
you?" she asked as the tears started welling up again.  Slowly he slid his hand
down from her wrist. As it traveled down her body she could not  help arching
her back and pressing her breast into his hand. Down it slipped, over her 
stomach until it rested on her sex. Slowly he teased and stroked her until she
was  squirming and gasping, fighting the bonds all the way. "Please oh please"
she begged, no  longer concerned with her freedom, just that delicious finger
driving her out of her mind.  Suddenly he stopped and removed his hand. She
immediately twisted her whole body,  pushing her hips in his direction as far as
the ropes would allow. He lowered his head till it  was next to her ear. "The
price for your life is your life." he whispered. "You'll be mine for  ever, to
do with as I decide. Is it a deal?" She could not even speak, she'd hardly heard 
his words. She just nodded and twisted her hips even further. Smiling he rolled
over onto  her and kissed her deeply. It took him but a few moments to drive her
completely beyond  reasonable thought.

Sharon slowly woke to the busy sounds of the city. She was sweating and panting
like a  horse. She opened her eyes, groaned in pain and closed them again. Her
head was  pounding and she felt as sick as a dog. Cursing she rolled onto her
side, but the nausea  would not go away. Slowly she opened her eyes again and
waited for the room to stop  spinning. At last she felt brave enough to sit up.
She felt as if a train had run her over, and  as she sat on the edge of the bed
she tried to remember what she had been up to. A wave  of nausea overcame her
and she realized she was about to throw up. Drunkenly she  stumbled to the
bathroom and managed to reach the toilet just in time to empty her stom- ach in
the bowl. Kneeling in front of the toilet she flushed the contents away and
waited for  her stomach to settle. As the waves of nausea slowly abated her body
began to send her  other messages. First and foremost was the heavy throbbing in
her head. It felt as if she'd  been kicked by a mule and she leaned back until
she was seated with her back resting  against the cool tiles of the bathroom
wall. She closed her eyes but immediately the room  started spinning and with a
pained grunt she opened them again. She longed to stand up  and get some aspirin
from the cupboard, but her body balked at the mere thought of get- ting up. As
she waited the headache finally diminished to a dull throbbing at her temples. 
The next report that her body sent her was of a dull ache in her sex. Despite
feeling so ill  she smiled at herself. Whatever she'd been up to last night, it
had involved strapping a  dildo onto herself. She did it quite often and loved
the feeling of waking up in the morning  with a dildo in her pussy. She
instinctively looked down and was surprised to see that she  was wearing an old
nightgown. She preferred sleeping in the nude and she only had the  nightgown
for those very cold mornings when she really needed it. She began to wonder 
about the previous evening and was surprised and troubled that she could
remember  nothing of it. She could remember coming home and taking a bath, but
after that it was  blank. She'd had her share of rough nights before and once or
twice she'd woken up with  a gap in her memory. What worried her was that she
usually could remember the parts up  to where the heavy drinking began.

At long last she felt a better and she slowly stood up. Popping two aspirins in
her mouth  she carefully walked to the kitchen to make some coffee. As she moved
she could feel the  dildo inside her and she absent-mindedly stroked her sex
through the nightgown. She was  very surprised when none of the sensation
reached her sex, instead she discovered a  hard barrier under her hand. As she
turned back to the bedroom she became aware of a  restrictive tightness around
her waist and chest. As she entered the bedroom she dropped  the nightgown from
her shoulders and stepped up to the mirror. Sharon's mouth hung  open in
surprise. She was wearing an unfamiliar garment, something that definitely did
not  happen every day! The shock of seeing a strange garment on her body made a
cold chill  run down her back. What the hell was she up to last night? She
looked the garment over.  At first she thought it might be a teddy or other kind
of negligee. It was cut like a spedo  bathing suit, with a tight turtleneck and
high-cut hips. It's surface was gauzy and sheer,  the weave of the fabric
unbelievably fine. It seemed to be made of a strange silver fabric  that
glittered like metal. The gauzy material made up most of the garment but a
built-in  panty and bra was solid and not see-through. They glittered and shone
as the light played  over the solid surfaces. The neck and arms of the suit had
thin solid seams, rounding the  suit off. Turning around she discovered that the
suit was cut like a g-string that bit deeply  into her butt crack. A thin wire
came riding up between her cheeks and then flared out as it  reached her
tailbone. The flare continued around her waist, becoming the belt of the  panty.
A broad solid strip ran from her tailbone up over her spine to the seam around
her  neck. As she looked at her profile she was surprised to see that her
breasts were padded  by almost half an inch. Puzzled at the purpose of the
padding she also noticed that the  surface had the faint outlines of two nipples
built into them. She cupped her hands over  her padded breasts and was surprised
at how hard and unyielding the surface was. Run- ning her hands down her sides
it felt smooth and slick, but with a strange stiffness to it.  Twisting her
shoulders from left to right she noticed that the suit was flexible, but that
there  was a noticeable resistance to her movements. The suit fit her tighter
than a second skin  and drew her waist in sharply. It was almost as tight as a
corset and she felt slightly un- comfortable. The strip down her back seamed to
pull her shoulders upright and forced her  back to stand straight. Bending over
she confirmed her suspicion as the strip resisted the  curve and it tried to
pull her back to her upright position. Running her fingers down the thin  wire
in her butt crack, she was shocked to discover that the panty was also rock hard
and  stiff. It was much harder than she'd expected and she began to suspect that
it was indeed  made of metal. She pulled and twisted at the thin wire, but it
would not even bend. The  movement reminded her that something thin and hard was
still stuck into her pussy, and  she tried to get to it. Rubbing her hand over
her sex she realized that her mound was cov- ered by a hard dome. She was
surprised to discover that the dome was so hard that she  could not feel the
sensation of her hand stroking her sex. A cold feeling of dread suddenly 
overcame her and she frantically began searching for a zipper to remove the
garment.  She could not even find a seam where the suit would open, much less a
zipper. When she  discovered there was none she panicked and completely lost her
temper. Twisting and  turning in desperation she searched for some means to rid
herself of the suit, but she  could find none. For a while she fought with her
body in a blind panic but she soon tired  and was forced to calm down. Crying in
desperation and in fear she flung herself onto the  bed.

Lying on her bed Sharon desperately tried to remember the events of the previous
night.  She had calmed down and had stopped crying. She could remember nothing
about going  out nor anything about the suit she was wearing. The fact that she
had to concentrate very  hard not to think about the object in her pussy did not
make things any easier. A cold knot  of fear twisted her innards as she realized
that the suit was deliberately constructed not to  be removed. Sharon almost hit
the ceiling in fright when the doorbell suddenly rang. By  the time she had
managed to put the nightgown on the doorbell had rung three more  times. She
relaxed as she realized that it had to be her friend Anette who was at the door. 
She always rang the bloody thing as if there was a fire somewhere in the
building. Glanc- ing at the mirror she realized that the suit was visible
through the cleavage of the night- gown. Blushing a crimson red at the thought
of being discovered in the exotic garment she  looked for something else to
wear. After several hasty experiments she settled on an old  T-shirt to cover
her chest and neck. It was almost the only thing in her whole closet that  was
high enough to hide the suit. A part of her distractedly admired the effect the
suit had  on her breasts, not only were they bigger, they looked hard and firm.
Wearing the night- gown over the T-shirt she walked to the door. By the time she
opened the door Anette had  rung the bell more that a dozen times. She came
bouncing into the room with her usual  vigor and excitement. "So babes, how's it
hanging?" she joked as she came in. She gave  Sharon a quick peck on the cheek
and stormed into the kitchen. She and Anette had ex- perimented together when
they were young and although they both decided to stay het- ero, they still had
a close relationship. Sharon blushed as she realized how close she'd  come to
Anette giving her a hug. She would immediately have felt the hard pressure of 
Sharon's breasts. "Jeesh girl, you look like a wreck" Anette said as she poured
them each  a cup of coffee, "You sick or what?". Sharon collapsed on her couch
and looked at Anette.  Perversely a part of her wondered if she'd notice her
bigger breasts. "I'm OK, I just had a  rough night." she replied. Anette came
over with the coffee and sat down across from her.  "So you going to tell me who
he is or am I going to have to drag it out of you?" She said  with a mischievous
smile. "What do you mean?" Sharon replied, genuinely confused by  the question.
"I mean who is he? You disappear for two days without saying anything to 
anyone. You must've gone away with a lover or something. So come on, own up,
who's  he and why haven't you told me about him?" she said, leaning over in a
conspiratory way.  Sharon sat in shocked silence. She'd not heard a word beyond
the 'two days' bit and she  was thoroughly confused. After several seconds she
noticed Anette looking at her expec- tantly. "Uhm.. I'm a bit out of it Anette -
what day is it today?" she replied, ignoring Anette's  mischievous grin. Anette
sat back and looked genuinely surprised. "Fuck me! You must  really have had a
rave. It's Sunday of course" she replied. Sharon felt her world come  crashing
down. The last thing she could remember was coming home on Thursday even- ing
and taking a bath. Two full days had been cut out of her life and she shivered
at the  thought. All of a sudden she felt sick all over again.

Sharon sat on her bed and stared at her reflection in the mirror. Her left leg
was dangling  off the edge of the bed while her right was tucked under her left
knee. She had removed  the nightgown, but was still wearing the T-shirt. She
still felt slightly nauseous, and looking  at her reflection she realized that
she looked the part. Her hair was in a mess and her skin  was pale and
stretched. It had taken a while to get rid of Anette. She'd been surprised and 
offended by Sharon's unwillingness to talk. After almost an hour of prodding and
probing  she'd finally left in a flurry of anger, hurt that Sharon would keep
the details from her.  Sharon felt too tired to dwell on the incident. The
stress and shock was taking it's strain  and she could not deal with Anette's
hurt emotions as well. Besides, she did not have a  plausible explanation for
her sudden disappearance. For the first time she looked at her- self in a almost
detached and critical manner. She could not believe how well the suit fit  her
body. For practical purposes she was wearing a corset, bra and chastity belt at
the  same time and yet it was so smooth and tight that it was invisible. The
thought of a chas- tity belt gave her a start and she became uncomfortable.
Where did that thought come  from? Was that what she was wearing? A modern-day
chastity belt? The idea made her  so distressed she stood up and walked around
the room. Finally she ended up in front of  the mirror. She hugged her body with
her hands and stood looking at herself. The only  sign that all was not well was
the glint of metal from between her legs. She'd not really  had a chance to
think about her predicament, and now she mulled it over in her mind. She  had
obviously been abducted and had been kept drugged for two whole days. Whoever 
had taken her had for some reason seen fit to encase her body in a strange suit
that she  was unable to remove. Sharon tried desperately to think of a reason
for doing this, but she  soon realized that it was futile. The whole situation
seemed to be frustratingly illogical. All  she had to go on was that her captor
had obviously added some sexual overtones to the  suit as well. It was hard to
ignore the dildo and the padding over her breasts. Sharon sud- denly realized
that she had absentmindedly been stroking the inside of her thigh. She was 
surprised and angry to find that she was aroused by the whole experience. Her
body was  not only responding to the stimulation, but in the dark deep recesses
of her mind her erotic  dreams had also come alive. For a while she stared at
the foreign glint of metal coming  from between her legs. It looks so strange
and yet... alluring? She hated to admit it, but it  was a pretty erotic sight.
She turned around and admired her rear. She could see no sign  of the suit. The
thin wire ran deep in her crack and emerged high up in her tail-bone where  the
T-shirt hid it from view. She moved her body a bit and tested the resistance of
the suit.  It was uncomfortable, the waist was too tight and the wire up her
crack took some getting  used to. She slid her hands under her T-shirt and
cupped her breasts. Again she was sur- prised at the hard foreign resistance to
her touch. She scratched the false nipples but not  even a hint of sensation was
transmitted through the suit. She had wanted to examine the  suit more closely,
but there was not much more to discover. Using her fingers she found  three
small holes at the bottom of the suit, positioned under the dome. Except for the 
holes the suit was as smooth as glass, no trace of a seam or a break could be
felt. It was  only then that another worry started to nag at her, how would she
urinate. She could not  imagine urinating while wearing a garment, much less
with a dildo in her sex. With the  worry still nagging at her mind she decided
to investigate the holes. She managed to find  a paperclip and straightened it
out. She stuck it into all three holes, but it would not go in.  She presumed
the holes were either a decoy or they were blocked by something. De- jected and
emotionally spent she lay down on the bed and almost immediately fell asleep.




Chapter II

The chains jingled as she was led down the short passageway. As she stepped out
of the  dungeons she paused for a second to let her eyes get used to the sun.
The guard jerked  viciously at the chain and she stumbled forward as the choker
bit into her neck. Her hands  were bound by manacles and chains around her waist
and she could do nothing but follow  obediently. She blinked as she was led over
a sandy pathway to a raised platform. It was  the first time in five days she
was allowed to see the sun and it took a few minutes to get  used to it's bright
glare. By the time she could see normally they had reached the platform  and she
was led up a set of stairs. The going was difficult as her legs had been bound 
with heavy iron manacles, a short chain restricting the length of her stride. As
she climbed  the steps she saw a crowd of men standing on the other side of the
platform. They were  all dressed in the flowing robes of Arabs and they joked
and laughed in conversation. As  she was led to a stake in the middle of the
platform they settled down and looked her over.  She blushed deeply as dozens of
faces watched her arms being raised over her head and  bound to a short chain
hanging from the top of the stake. She'd been expecting this occa- sion for
several days but that did not make it any easier. The guard turned to face her
and  with one swift jerk her robe was pulled off her body. He stepped out of the
way for the  audience to see and she squirmed and struggled as they verbally
admired every inch of  her naked body. A fat little man appeared out of nowhere
and started talking rapidly. Al- though she could not understand a word it was
obvious that the bidding had begun. She  was so ashamed she wished she could
sink into the ground. Instead she was made to  pose for the audience, the guard
using her shoulders to turn her this way and that. She  desperately tried to
raise her leg to cover her sex, but the short chain between her ankles  made
that impossible. The guard was standing behind her, his arms reaching around the 
pole while he held her firmly. She struggled for a bit but realized it was
fruitless. She  closed her eyes and hung from the chains, defeated and
powerless. Suddenly the guards  rough hands started exploring her body. Her eyes
jerked open as he found her breasts.  She struggled and cursed anew as he
rubbed, squeezed and twisted her breasts. The  audience loved the sight of her
squirming and twisting and they shouted encouragement  and suggestions to the
guard. His hands were everywhere, stroking her neck, fondling her  breasts,
pinching her arse. She though she would die of shame as his hand found her sex 
and the slick wetness told her of her body's betrayal. He was as ugly as sin,
but his hands  were expert. Soon she was heaving and moaning as his hand cajoled
her into rhythmic  convulsions. His other hand kept on roaming and it sent
shivers of delight down her body  wherever it went. She closed her eyes to hide
her shame. She could feel the orgasm  coming and slowly her body took over. For
a brief moment she thought of the spectacle  she was making of herself, but her
fear and pride was soon overtaken by a deeper, more  powerful emotion. Blind and
deaf to everything but her own throbbing body she at last at- tained the freedom
she desired.

Sharon suddenly came awake. The memory of her dream quickly faded away as she
lay  on her back trying to blink herself fully awake. For a few moments she was
confused, she  was in her bedroom but the light was all wrong. The room was full
of shadows and  shades. Although the dream had faded it's effects on her body
had not, and she absent- mindedly stroked her sex. The hard smooth surface
caused her memories to come flood- ing back and she sat up with a gasp. She
realized the light was wrong because it was late  afternoon and the sun was
setting. Mother nature was calling and she walked into the  bathroom,
absentmindedly scratching the irritating wire in her butt. She knew that
urinating  with the suit on was going to be difficult, but she also knew that
she had no choice. She  seated herself on the toilet and waited. Nothing
happened. She tried as hard as she could  to relax, but the harder she tried the
more nervous she became. The object in her sex was  too distracting and
concentrating on urinating made her even more aware of it. After a  long while
of painful waiting she got angry and was about to get up when the golden fluid 
started flowing. She settled and looked down in the bowl. It was obvious that
the urine was  coming out of one of the three holes at the bottom of the suit.
It felt so strange to be uri- nating with an object in her sex. She sat for a
moment and frowned. Something weird was  going on. She smiled a wry cynical
smile. "Something weirder than usual" she told herself.  Although the urine was
flowing, she could not feel it. It felt strange but somehow familiar. It  was as
if the urine was flowing through a .. a .. pipe? With a start she realized that
she  was urinating through a catheter. The thought made her tense up and
immediately the  urine stopped flowing. She cursed and tried to relax. Slowly
the urine started trickling out  again. She had first hand experience in using a
catheter. The previous year she'd had a  IUD installed, but there had been
complications. The doctor had failed to hook it into one  of the tubes. In his
attempts to adjust it the idiot had used forceps and he had managed to  get some
skin from inside her labia squeezed in between the handles. The moment he 
pressed down to get a grip on the forceps he received a very hard kick to a very
tender  part of his anatomy. Sharon was left with a very sore welt on the inside
of her labia, the  doctor with a weeks sick leave. A nurse from his practice had
finished the installation and  installed a catheter to prevent infection. For a
week she had to use the thing while her  tender skin healed. What she remembered
most was the embarrassing loss of bladder  control. In this case it was
obviously different, she'd been sleeping with a full bladder and  yet nothing
had leaked out. If it had been the hospital's catheter she would have wet the 
whole bed. In an attempt to learn more she squeezed and relaxed her sex muscles.
She  believed she could feel the faint outline of a small tube between her lips.
However, the  pumping made her acutely aware of the other larger object in her
sex. Soon the pipe was  forgotten as she concentrated on the object. The first
thing she noticed was that it was to  the rear of her sex, removed from her
clit. The second was that it's stem was very narrow,  allowing her lips to close
around the object and seal her slit. As the stem went deeper in- side her it
suddenly expanded until it was about as thick as her thumb. It went in all the 
way, as deep as is possible. She could even imagine it's tip resting against the
IUD. She  began to think of it as a thin, long dildo. A dildo forced in all the
way inside her with a small  stick keeping it attached to the suit on the
outside. She was finished with the toilet and she  flushed the liquid away. She
got some toilet paper and cleaned the last few drops on the  outside of the suit
as well. It felt so weird to clean her body without actually feeling it, al-
most like polishing a ring on her finger. In a daze she walked back to the
bedroom and lay  down. This was just too much to deal with. She lay on the bed,
trying to prevent the grow- ing sense of doom and desperation overpowering her.
The day was barely over and she  felt like she'd aged decades. What the hell was
going on? How was she supposed to deal  with this? The questions rolled through
her stressed mind like thunder. Why? Who? How?  For a while she could just lie
there, sobbing like a child.

After a good cry she managed to pull herself together. She got up and decided
that she  needed a shower. She could feel a deep dark depression lying just over
the horizon. If she  didn't pull herself together she might get into some
serious trouble. Deciding to simply ig- nore her predicament she removed the
T-shirt and stepped into the shower. The flood of  hot water was soothing and
soon she felt better. However there was no escape from the  suit, especially
standing 'naked' in the shower. What precautions was she going to have to  take?
She supposed that would depend on how long she was to wear the blasted thing. 
She tried to convince herself that it would be short-term, maybe a day or two.
"You're kid- ding yourself" said a little voice from deep within her. "Who ever
made this thing spent a  lot of time and effort on it. There is no way that
you're going to get out of this within at  least a week." Her legs almost
buckled at the thought. "It might even be months." the  voice continued. The
thought was too much to bear. She tried to kill the voice by washing  her hair.
It would not go away. "What do you think this thing is going to do to your body? 
The chafing, the aching, the itching in places you can't reach. Remember that
plaster cast  you had to wear in third grade? Remember the itching?" Her tears
mingled with the water  as her hands went through the motions of washing her
hair. "And do you have any idea  what that dildo is going to do to your innards?
Remember when you got the IUD? The  cramps, the aches? You had to take medicine
for months to suppress the contractions.  You'd better face it girl - this is
going to be a rough ride." She cursed the voice and threw  the shampoo bottle in
rage. "Fuck this! Fuck THIS! I'm getting of this train, right here right  now"
she screamed at the walls. She stormed from the shower, water splashing every-
where. In a blind fury she stormed to the kitchen. An old boyfriend had once
left some  tools at her place and she rummaged through the cupboards looking for
them. Finally she  managed to find a set of pliers. She forced it in under the
seam over her shoulder. Twist- ing and screaming she tried to tear the suit off,
but it would not budge. She jerked the pli- ers out and attacked the wire
between her cheeks. It would not even bend. Realizing it  wasn't working she
dropped the pliers and dove back into the cupboards. When she could  not find
any other tools she collapsed onto her knees, beating the suit with her fists.
Fi- nally she was so exhausted she was forced to calm down. She'd never lost it
so badly in  her life. If there had been another living being in the house she
would have torn it to  pieces with her bare hands. Getting up she noticed the
pain in her shoulder. She'd broken  the skin when she'd forced the pliers in and
a small trickle of blood rolled down her shoul- der. The blood immediately
sobered her up and she realized how stupid she'd been. Run- ning her hand over
her butt she was relieved to find that she'd only pinched the flesh,  there was
no serious damage. Defeated she returned to the bathroom to turn the water  off.

Sharon sat in front of the TV but she didn't even look at the screen. Her
shoulder was  throbbing slightly and the skin around the wire had turned blue.
After her outburst she'd  tried to tend to her wound as best she could. At the
end all she could do was to force a q- tip with disinfectant under the suit and
rub it over the wound. It had hurt like a bitch and  she'd cursed her own
stupidity several times. After cleaning and drying the house she'd  made herself
some food and settled down to eat. The tight waist of the suit had held her 
hunger at bay, and she'd only been able to pick at her food. She was wearing the
night- gown with a fresh T-shirt. She'd told herself that she was wearing the
clothes to keep from  going into a rage again, but in the deepest darkest
corners of her soul she knew it to be a  lie. The reason she'd worn the clothes
was to keep from seeing the suit - not because it  reminded her of her
predicament but because it turned her on. As she sat on the couch,  her legs
drawn under her, she could no longer avoid the truth. The throbbing of her nip-
ples and the trembling in her sex proclaimed her a liar. She tried to fool
herself into be- lieving it was merely because of the dildo, but she knew that
to be a lie as well. She  shifted in her chair and tried to concentrate on the
TV, but the argument between her ra- tional and emotional sides raged on. She'd
always had a kinky streak in her - she knew  that well enough. She even had a
few toys in a box at the bottom of her closet. They were  innocent enough, the
odd vibrator and dildo. The leather harness that kept them strapped  to her body
was a bit weird, true, but she needed it for when she slept with her toys on. 
The casual observer would probably not even notice the two small padlocks at the
bottom  of the box, not unless he knew what he was looking for. He'd have to dig
around in the  back of her freezer to make the connection. If he looked
carefully in the right place he  might discover the two large ice cubes, the
keys to the padlocks frozen inside them.  Sharon tried to think of the future.
What would it hold? First thing to be done was to get  some bigger tools. She
doubted if she'd be successful, but she had to give it a try. She  thought of
getting a hacksaw, but the thought of sawing so close to her flesh immediately 
made her drop the idea. What other tools did she know of? She was not an expert
but  she'd grown up in a house full of brothers and she'd picked up the basics.
Hammer?  Useless. Pliers? Tried that. Drill? Yeah right. Chisel? Ditto. File?
Hmm - maybe, but she  doubted it. The suit was damn hard, her stunt with the
pliers had not even scratched the  surface. Sharon realized that she'd been
stroking the inside of her thigh while she'd been  debating. She immediately
folded her arms in front of her chest but the damage was done.  She could feel
her nipples, throbbing harder than ever. The musky odor of her sex told her  how
much damage had been done and again she shifted her body into another position. 
In exasperation she flew up from the couch and stormed to the kitchen. She
decided that  she was in the mood for something sweet and she bent down in front
of the fridge. She  stood looking at her meager selection, trying to decide,
when she realized she was  standing with her hand in the fold of her inner
thigh, her finger stroking the dome. She was  now really getting pissed off and
she flung the freezer door closed and walked back to the  couch. Only when she
reached the couch did she notice that she still had not removed her  hand. She
fell on the couch and sighed in defeat. Her body was used to a lot of attention 
and she should have expected the mutiny of her hands. After all, they've had
years of  practice. She cupped her hand over the hard dome and squeezed.
Nothing. She pushed  her hand deeper into her fork, sighing as her fingers
forced her thighs apart. Her pinkie  and forefinger stroked the tender flesh
between her thighs and the dome. It was as close  as she could come to the real
thing, but it was not enough, not nearly enough. Sharon re- alized she was
tormenting herself but she could do nothing to prevent it. Her body ached  for
some attention and it wanted it NOW. She split the nightgown open and her hands 
roamed all over her body. Wherever they roamed her hands met only hard, smooth,
sen- sual metal. She closed her eyes and allowed her body to take over. A part
of her brain  was screaming at her to stop, to think about what she was doing
but she ignored it. In a  desperate attempt to cause some friction in her pussy
she arched her back, hoping the  suit would ride up and pull the dildo deeper
into her. When that failed she twisted and  squirmed on the couch, trying
desperately to get some movement going. Her hands tried  to squeeze her breasts,
failed, tried to stroke her sex, failed. She even attacked from be- hind,
rolling over and following the thin wire down, trying to force her fingers under
the  dome. Nothing doing. Her fingers would have to be double jointed twice over
to be able to  penetrate the steep angles. She rolled back over again and spread
her legs as wide as  they would go. It felt as if she would split in half and
still it was not enough, her fingers  could not penetrate the dome's rock hard
defenses. She grabbed the fork from her dinner  plate and tried to force the
handle under the hard metal. Once again she rolled over and  tried to force the
handle in from the rear. It slid in half an inch and was stopped by the  stem of
the dildo. She twisted and turned, but it would go no further. Finally she
admitted  defeat and lay back, panting in exhaustion. Her whole body was on fire
and she could feel  her rib cage strain against the sides of the suit as she
breathed. Her nipples were burning,  her sex was throbbing, her head was
spinning and her blood pumping. She placed her  hands behind her head and locked
her fingers together. Determined to ignore the throb- bing she lay staring at
the TV, not daring to move a muscle. A quiet voice quickly shot her  a "told you
so" and ducked before she could throw a plate at it.

Sharon climbed into bed and switched the light off. It felt so strange to get
into bed while  wearing the suit! She'd removed the T-shirt and for a moment
she'd searched for the bra- strap before realizing what she was doing. She'd
stayed up late because of her long sleep  in the afternoon. As she lay on her
side she stared at the clock and sighed. It was just past  two but she wasn't
tired. She'd spent most of the evening lying quietly in front of the TV,  too
scared to move. Every breath, every heartbeat reminded her of the suit. Moving
her  arm to adjust the channel it would rub against the smooth surface of the
suit. Scratching  her head would press her ribs against the tight fabric.
Adjusting the position of her legs  would stir her belly. Rolling over when her
side went numb was sheer torture. She'd never  felt so alive, so intensely aware
of her body. She'd realized that the human body was con- tinually sending
signals to the brain, whether it was listening or not. Under normal circum-
stances the sub-consciousness would filter and block these messages until just
the most  important messages reached the conscious brain. The problem was that
the sexual urge  seemed to remove this barrier. Her conscious brain was
bombarded by a continuous  stream of information, everything from the pressure
of one foot on top of another, to the  rushing of blood in her ears. Her whole
body was talking to her all the time, her sexual  organs shouting the loudest of
all. Just because she'd gone to bed didn't mean it stopped.  She could feel her
warm thighs touching each other, so she rolled onto her stomach. She  felt the
domes of the suit press into her chest, so she rolled onto her back. She could
feel  the hard strip molded over her spine, so she rolled onto her side again.
Another problem  was that she often masturbated before drifting off to sleep.
She desperately wished she  could do so now, but all she could do was sigh. She
rubbed her eyes and felt her arm  brush against the suit. She tried to curl up
into the fetus position and the wire bit into her  anus. She stretched out and
the dome bit deeper into her fork. She sighed in frustration  and felt her rib
cage press against the suit. Even when she wasn't moving she couldn't  escape.
Her sex and nipples gently throbbed, the volume growing and growing until she 
thought she would go stark raving mad. She jumped out of bed and stormed into
the bath- room. She opened the cold water tap in the shower full blast and
stepped inside. Her  breath was taken away as the cold water hit her and for a
precious few moments she for- got completely about the suit. It didn't last
long. Soon she realized that the suit was rapidly  cooling down. Even with her
eyes closed she could feel every inch of the cool surface.  She stood in the
shower for a moment, unsure of what to do next. Her body told her that  the cold
shower had been a mistake. Who knew a freezing cold wire rubbing over your  anus
could be so erotic? She quickly got out of the shower and dried herself off. As
she  jumped back into bed she felt the last little droplets of trapped water
find their way out and  seep into the linen. Her body began to do strange things
to her. Besides the fact that the  cold wire had put her right back to square
one other things were now happening. The suit  was taking much longer to heat up
than it did to cool down. She could feel every inch of  suit clearly, except
over her nipples and sex. Her sexual organs felt like burning beacons  of light,
stranded on islands in a deep ocean. How could it be that her sex and nipples 
could be so hot, practically radiating heat, while the rest of her body was
cool? Suddenly  she knew why none of the rubbing and scratching had worked - the
suit wasn't touching  her there! She tried to imagine how the suit looked under
that smooth surface. Her breasts  would be encased in two large domes, swelling
and thickening as it rose over her flesh. By  the time it reached her nipples
the walls of the domes would be almost half an inch thick.  Inside these domes
would be two small pockets, drilled to just below the surface. In it her 
nipples would sit, alone and isolated. No matter how she scratched and squirmed,
her  nipples would never feel any sensation. Her sex would sit in the same kind
of pocket,  molded precisely so that it would allow a fractions of an inch
between her aching flesh and  the inside surface of the dome. The thought was so
discouraging she started crying all  over again.




Chapter III

Sharon killed the alarm clock's insistent bleeping and sighed. She rolled over
on to her  back and rubbed her eyes to wake up completely. She'd had a restless
night and her  sleep had never reached the depths necessary to dream. She
groaned as two problems  immediately presented themselves. First she had a
maddening itch all over her sex, and  second she had to take a dump. She rolled
out of bed and stepped into the bathroom,  trying her best to ignore the itch.
She seated herself on the toilet and concentrated. After a  while the urine
started flowing and she relaxed, enjoying the simple pleasure of urinating. 
Soon she was empty and she waited patiently for the next part. She could feel
the waste  inside her, ready to come out. The problem was the wire over her
anus. Her sphincter was  clenched closed tightly, unwilling to relax. Sharon
tried to squeeze, but that hurt so she  just sat there. She leaned back against
the toilet, closed her eyes and tried to relax the  muscle. The pressure was
slowly building and she knew sooner or later it would happen,  there could be no
other way. The itching around her sex was slowly getting worse and it  took all
of her willpower not to try and scratch it. Quite unexpectedly the feces started
to  emerge and again she sighed in relief. She realized that her mind needed to
be distracted  for mother nature to take it's course. Patiently she waited until
she'd done and she stood  up. She could not avoid a curious glance into the
toilet. As she had expected each chunk  was neatly split in half by the wire.
She cleaned herself and inspected the bottom of the  suit with a small mirror.
She had to be very careful not to have any of the feces slip in un- der the
suit, if it reached her sex it could have disastrous medical consequences. She
was  happy to see that the wire only flared into a plate once it was well
removed from her anus.  Her suit differed from conventional chastity belts in
that it prevented rear entry into the sex  with the stem of the dildo, rather
than a plate. Satisfied that she was clean she stepped  into the shower to clean
the rest of her body.

Sharon stood at her front door and took a deep breath. She opened the door and
peeked  down the hall. She could not see anybody and the breath in her lungs
came out in a deep  sigh of relief. She straightened her back (figuratively),
gathered her courage and stepped  through the door. Trying to act as normal as
she could she locked the door and walked  down the passage. Rounding the corner
at the end of the passage she saw two young  men standing at the elevator. All
her courage disappeared and she almost fled back to her  apartment. Pausing for
a moment she waited for her heartbeat to settle. When she was  finally calm
enough she took a few steps forward and stood in the corner of the foyer. Both 
men had noticed her approach and as she stood looking at her feet she could hear
them  softly whisper to each other. She blushed deeply as she imagined them
discussing her  figure and again she almost fled. Instead she stood quietly,
longing for the elevator to ar- rive. Her clothes were all wrong, but she had
little choice in the matter. She was dressed  in a brown knitted bodysuit with
long sleeves and high turtleneck. With the bodysuit she  wore a flowing gray
skirt and pantyhose. On her feet she wore dark brown pumps with  modest 3 inch
heels. The bodysuit was tight and the knitted fabric stretched over her fig-
ure, revealing every curve. She'd wanted to wear a dress but none of her dresses
would  cover her chest and neck. She'd thought of combining a dress with the
bodysuit, but be- sides looking strange it would also be way too hot. It was
going to be a warm day and she  could already feel her body growing hot under
the knitted wool and metal. She cursed her  boss again, he had refused to give
her a few days off. She'd claimed that she was sick but  he had insisted on a
doctor's note. He was clearly not happy that she'd taken Friday off  without
telling anybody. As she stood waiting, her mind started playing tricks on her.
She  grew convinced the men were discussing her suit. They must be able to see
it, after all it  was just below the surface of the bodysuit. Maybe there was a
seam or ridge that she'd  not noticed. She glanced up at the men and caught
sight of them both staring intently at  her breasts. She blushed even deeper and
started moving back to the passage when the  elevator arrived. As the doors
opened she saw that it was almost full and her courage  failed. There was no way
she would be able to stand shoulder to shoulder with the other  people. She
could hear the surprised remarks as she fled through the nearest door. It took 
her to the stairs and by the time she had regained control of herself she had
rushed down  two flights. She stopped and leaned against one of the walls,
taking deep breaths of air.  Finally she felt calmer and she walked down the
stairs at a normal rate. She had another  14 flights of stairs to go and as she
walked her mind began to wander.

It took her six more flights before she realized that she was growing seriously
horny. She  stopped for a moment and looked around. Certain that she was alone
she lifted the skirt  and felt between her legs. Already the stretched fabric of
the bodysuit was damp, and she  blushed at the thought of walking around with
her juices flowing. She realized that the  mere presence of the dildo was
keeping her excited, whether she noticed it or not. It was  actually surprising
that she could even walk normally with her stuffed sex, but then it was  a very
thin dildo. When she'd worn her own dildos she had a tendency to roll her hips
or  waddle like a duck. With the assistance of the strip down her spine and
restriction around  her waist her posture had actually been very good. On flat
ground she could walk quite  normally, however the steps had forced her hips to
roll, causing a small amount of friction.  For a while she wondered what she
would do. In order to go back to the flat she would  have to use the elevator.
She was already so late that climbing the stairs back up would  be disastrous.
She was still trying to gather the courage when she realized that her finger 
had slipped in between the damp bodysuit and slippery dome. She withdrew her
hand in  angry disgust and continued down the steps. What was it with her! She
felt like a nym- phomaniac, unable to resist touching herself every five
minutes! Clenching her hands be- hind her back she continued down the stairs.
For now the sanitary pads in her car would  have to solve the problem of the
damp.

Sharon finally reached the underground parking level and she sighed in relief as
she  walked on the flat concrete floor. As people and cars moved about the large
open space  she kept her head down and walked straight to her car. She got in
and leaned back in re- lief. The car created the illusion of isolation and she
closed her eyes for a moment. Her  sex was throbbing, both from the stairs and
the itching. She could also feel that a small  amount of chafing between her
thighs was going to be inevitable. Already the skin right  next to the dome was
getting inflamed. She again made sure nobody was watching and  pulled her skirt
up. She released the clips of the bodysuit and stuck a sanitary pad over  the
holes. Re-fastening the clips she straightened her skirt and applied some
deodorant  for good measure. Before she could set off she had to adjust her
driving position, raising  the back of the chair to compensate for her spine's
straight back. She set off into traffic,  her nipples throbbing mercilessly from
all the activity.

Morning traffic was always heavy and she made her way slowly down the streets of
the  city. A few blocks from her office building she came to a stop behind a
police cruiser. With  a start she realized that she'd not even considered going
to the police. Why was that? Had  she been robbed or assaulted it would have
been her first stop, why not now? The traffic  moved on and she had to
concentrate on her driving so she dropped the issue for now.  Reaching her
destination she parked and started walking to the office. She worked as a 
junior accounts manager for a large accounting firm. As she neared the office
her trepida- tion grew. How was she going to spend the day in the close company
of other people?  Her stunt at the flat had already proven that she was in no
position to deal with people,  she was still to ashamed and afraid. Standing
outside her building she pretended to rum- mage through some papers as she
debated with herself. She could leave now, go home  and claim she was to sick to
come in, no matter what the boss said. After all he couldn't  fire her for
taking a few days, could he? She should quit anyway, any boss that acted like 
he did was just trouble. Get herself a nice new job, maybe working from home?
Sharon  scolded herself for being so weak. She'd always been a strong woman, not
standing back  for anyone. Just because she was wearing a strange garment did
not mean anything  should change. She was still the old Sharon, no piece of
shiny metal would change that!  How were they going to know anyway. Today she'd
go to the cops and they'd be able to  help her. For now she had to act as if
nothing was wrong. Flinging her hair in defiance she  stepped through the
revolving glass door. As soon as she entered the building her cour- age fled.
The place was packed and she could feel people jostling and pushing her to-
wards the elevators. She tried to get out but was swept up in the stream of
humanity. Fi- nally she ended up in a large crowd waiting for the elevators.
Clenching her jaws she  willed her legs to stop quivering and stood staring at
the floor. She'd simply wait until the  next elevator and quietly slip to one
side. As she stood she prayed nobody would acci- dently touch her body. The lift
arrived and she prepared to make her move. The crowd  started pushing forward
and she quietly slipped to one side. She was about to walk away  when she heard
her name called. She turned around and almost fainted as a spotty young  man
stood inside the elevator, holding a space for her. His name was Mark and he had
a  terrible crush on her. Realizing everybody was waiting for her she tried to
think of an ex- cuse but none came to mind. Cursing Mark she stepped into the
elevator and quietly  turned around. As she stood staring at the door she could
feel Mark's eyes on her. "You  look nice today" he said and immediately blushed
a deep shade of red. "Thank you." she  said tersely, cursing the little twerp in
her heart. She was intensely aware of the other  bodies around her and she
longed to get off the elevator. The blasted thing stopped on  virtually every
floor and each time she had to quickly step out to prevent the departing 
passengers touching her. She was all elbows and hands, trying to keep a bigger
personal  space around her. Finally she reached her floor and she sighed in
relief as she got of.  "See you around." said Mark as the elevator doors closed.
The little bastard would proba- bly go through the whole day in a daze just
because he'd spoken to her. Her old spunk  had returned and she set off for her
office.

Sharon leaned back and rubbed her tired eyes. Immediately she became aware of
the  itching over her sex. Groaning she tried to return to her work, but she was
just too tired.  She'd been working full-blast for the whole day, her eyes
straining as she stared at the  computer screen. She'd discovered that the work
could distract her enough to forget the  itching but as soon as she took a break
she'd be reminded of it. It had definitely grown  worse since the morning and
she dreaded having to go back to her lonely apartment  where she'd have nothing
to keep her attention focused. She glanced at her watch and  was very surprised
to see that it was past 7 p.m. She packed up her stuff and left the of- fice.
Standing in the lift she thought back over the day's events. It had started with
a very  unpleasant conversation with her boss. The man had accused her of
slacking off and do- ing what she liked. She fumed as she thought back to the
argument. The bastard had had  it in for her ever since she'd ignored his
advances. He was a egotistical pig that still be- lieved women didn't belong in
the work place. She could not believe that such people still  existed, and here
she worked for one! The rest of the day had been fairly routine. She'd  had some
conversations, drank some coffee, worked and had lunch. Within the first hour 
she'd relaxed and been able to function normally. During her lunch hour she'd
gone out  and bought virtually a complete new wardrobe. It was mostly blouses,
all of them with tight  little collars. She had groaned at the selection, these
kinds of clothes she'd always asso- ciated with prim little librarians, now
she'd be forced to wear them as well. She'd bought a  few bodysuits as well, but
she still felt uncomfortable with such tight-fitting garments and  she doubted
she'd wear any of them soon. Finally she'd bought a dress, the only one in  the
store that would suit her needs. She'd been forced to try a fitting as she was
no longer  sure of her collar size, and there had been a tense moment when one
of the sales ladies  had stood outside the cubicle, inquiring if she'd like some
assistance. She'd had to really  concentrate to keep the quiver out of her voice
as she declined the offer, a thin curtain  separating her from discovery. It was
only back at the office that she'd thought of the se- curity cameras and her
legs had turned to Jell-O. Out there might be a stranger that knew  her secret
and as she walked through the lobby she was still very distressed by the idea. 
She quickly made her way to her car and got in. During the day she'd twice
gotten very  close to calling the police and every time she'd backed off. Her
rational mind had thrown  several good reasons at her for not phoning the
police. Firstly she doubted she could go  through the ordeal of baring her body
to a stranger. Just the thought made her shiver.  Secondly had been the suit's
creator. Surely he had to know that was what she'd do.  Somehow he'd prevent her
from going through with it. After all, he'd planned everything  else to
perfection. Thirdly she was not yet convinced she couldn't remove it herself.
She'd  intended buying some tools after work, but obviously it was now too late
for that. She'd  have to do it tomorrow. There was a fourth and final reason as
well, but she refused to  even admit it to herself. On her way home she passed a
pharmacy and she pulled over.  Approaching the counter she explained that she
had an IUD and that the contractions had  started again. The pharmacist
explained that he could not give her the regular medicine as  she needed a
prescription, but he could provide a weaker alternative. The medicine he  gave
her was for night pains and he felt certain that it would do the job. She also
claimed  to have acquired a rash from hiking and wanted to know if he could
recommend some- thing. He gave her a salve and explained that it was a mild
anesthetic. She also bought  some more sanitary pads and disinfectant for her
shoulder. Finally she happened to see  some sleeping pills and took those as
well. Well stocked up she set of for home.

Sharon lay back in the bath and soaked. The warm water seemed to relieve some of
the  itching, though she could not be completely rid of it. All in all her
second day in the suit  had gone well. She'd been happy to discover that the
wound on her shoulder seemed to  be healing without complications. If she cared
for it properly it would be gone within a  week. The itching did worry her
though. She was worried that it was not going away.  Would every itch she had be
so insistent? She was actually surprised that the rest of her  body seemed not
to itch. The cast she'd worn had been torture and she'd expected the  suit to be
the same. Maybe it was because most her skin could breathe that she didn't itch 
so much. Her lower back and stomach ached from the constant pressure, but she
felt  certain that she'd get used to it within a day or two. She was even
becoming used to the  dildo. Although she could still feel it, the sensation had
shifted from constant pressure to a  dull reminder. She was confident that soon
she'd not even notice that any more. Her big- gest problem at this stage was
keeping control of her mind rather than her body. As soon  as she let her guard
down she'd start fantasizing and she'd get horny again. She'd always  had an
active imagination and it was very difficult for her to control it. Of course
she'd not  always been thinking of sex, but now her body was constantly
reminding her of it. Where  she used to fantasize about clothes or money or
adventure she now found herself con- stantly fantasizing about sex. Her mind was
being bombarded by subtle queues, the glint  of metal in the mirror, the
pressure of the suit around her waist and of course the constant  throbbing in
her sex.

She climbed out of the bath and quickly toweled herself dry. As soon as the warm
water  drained from the suit the itching returned and she groaned in
frustration. As she dried her  hair she tried to think of a way to alleviating
the irritation but none presented itself. She  applied some medication to the
wound on her shoulder and prepared to see to the rash as  well. She sat staring
at the tube of salve when she had an idea. Returning to the bathroom  she mixed
some salve with warm water and dropped a few drops onto her stomach. It  seeped
into the gauze and ran down her stomach. She could not make a gap between her 
skin and the suit - it was much too tight for that - but she was convinced she
could wriggle  and twist until some of the liquid found it's way under the
panty. It was slow, exhausting  work. She'd apply a little fluid and then twist
and turn until it had penetrated. She repeated  the steps so many times she lost
count but after a while she could detect a big improve- ment. Satisfied that
that was the best she could hope for she returned to her bedroom and  applied
some salve to he inner thighs. She was exhausted by the previous night's lack of 
sleep and she got ready for bed. Just to make sure she took two of the sleeping
pills as  well and crawled in under the covers. She had just enough time to
marvel at the weird  sensation of the suit holding her in it's firm embrace
before sleep took her.




Chapter IV

She looked around and could see no one. How did she get here? Where was here?
Why  was it so dark? She tried to move but could not. Her body was held rigid by
something  wrapped tight around her, pinning her arms and legs down. She tried
to call for help but  her mouth was gagged. She twisted and turned, rolling on
the cold floor as she fought to  escape. Suddenly a bright light shone over her,
blinding her completely. As her eyes got  used to the light she tried to see who
was there, but she could not see past the lights. All  she could see was the
black and white checker of the tiled floor she was lying on. The  floor seemed
to go on for ever, disappearing into a black horizon. Her body was wrapped  in
black a shiny rubber tube, covering her from neck to toes. It was the rubber
that had  kept her from moving. Several ominous looking wires came out next to
her feet and disap- peared into the shadows. Suddenly a voice boomed loudly.
"Mademoiselle Gaumont! We  know you have been hiding english POW's in your shed!
What have you done with them?"  A shiver of fear went down her spine. The
Gestapo! How had they discovered her? She  tried to profess her innocence but
she could not speak through the gag. Again the voice  boomed. "I said, where are
the POW's? It would be difficult for you if you don't co-operate!  Speak whore!"
Again she tried to reply but the gag prevented it. What was going on?  Couldn't
they see that she was unable to reply? "Very well, have it your way. Hit it
Hans"  Suddenly small electrical shocks coursed through her body. They had
inserted electrodes  into her sex and anus! Another two were placed over her
nipples. She had expected to be  tortured but instead the electricity felt like
several fingers coursing over her skin. The sen- sation was gorgeous and she
moaned in pleasure as the electricity flowed through her.  Suddenly it stopped!
"Had enough yet?" asked the voice. "We can go on for the whole  day, we've
plenty of time. Ready to be more co-operative?" She could just shake her head 
and try to thrust her jaws towards the light. "I'm gagged you fools!" she tried
to shout.  Again the electricity flowed, slightly stronger this time. It just
heightened the pleasure. For  several seconds she rolled over the floor,
wriggling and squirming as thousands of little  finger caressed her. As she was
about to reach orgasm the fingers disappeared. She was  panting heavily through
her nose, the shiny rubber squirming and bulging as her ribs  strained against
the tight surface. Already she could feel little pools of sweat form under  the
rubber. She rolled onto her stomach, forcing her breasts into the hard floor.
She could  just make out the pressure of the metal clips on her nipples. They
should hurt, and yet  they did not. Suddenly another voice spoke. "Mademoiselle,
I know this hurts. Surely you  realize that you have no choice but to
co-operate?" The voice was soothing and reason- able, but she was not fooled.
They were playing bad nazi, good nazi. "Are you prepared to  talk?" the soothing
voice asked. Again she shook her head, trying to make them under- stand. Again
the shocks returned. This time it was even stronger, making her groan in 
pleasure as it coursed through her. She squirmed and rolled, groaning and
moaning  through the gag. It felt so goooood! She arched her back, trusting her
breasts and hips  into the air in pleasure. She could feel the climax coming,
closer and closer till she was  just about to... and the electricity
disappeared. She screamed in frustration - that was so  close! She tried to roll
over to the light, trying to reach the little button that would send her  over
the edge. She could hear the men laughing at her desperate attempts. Suddenly a 
black leather boot flashed behind the light, collided with her ribs and sent her
rolling back  to the center of the spotlight. Her ribs were bruised, but it was
nothing in comparison to  the throbbing in her sex. She could see her nipples
through the rubber, their hard shapes  forming bumps in the smooth surface. This
time they didn't even ask the questions, they  just gave her all they got, and
as she distantly heard them laughing she finally succumbed  to a pink haze of
pleasure.

Sharon stood in the shower and absent-mindedly soaped her body. She'd survived
her  first week in the suit and she'd began to despair that she'd spend the rest
of her life in it.  She'd hoped her captor would contact her, explaining his
intentions and setting his terms.  After all, why do this and then disappear.
The possibility made her cringe and she refused  to consider it. But the
question remained, what was his plans? Suddenly she got angry  with herself.
What did she care what his plans were? Why should she sit around waiting  for
his demands? She wasn't his slave, his possession. He could go to hell for all
she  cared. She should refuse to be intimidated by him. She should get on with
her life. This  was the 90's, not the middle ages. A woman's body, soul and mind
was her own. The  bastard had violated her and he should pay! Why even think of
him? What did he have  that she wanted? Why be bothered by him? She looked down
at her shiny hard breast  covered with soapy suds and her spirits sank down to
her feet. That's why. Because of the  suit. His slave? Certainly. She wasn't
chained but he sure controlled her. Her body was  his, and she was beginning to
wonder about her mind. Intimidate her? She squeezed her  breasts from the sides.
Definitely. Anybody with the power and money to construct this  should be
feared. She shivered and tried to forget the whole thing. She concentrated on 
cleaning herself. She'd discovered that a nail brush seemed to work best.
Although the  bristles was too thick to penetrate the fine weave, it did make
the suit move slightly. The  soapy water would penetrate under the solid
sections as she scrubbed and cleaned those  parts she could get to. She was
scrubbing her sides when she happened to glance under  her arms. It had been a
week since she'd shaved and yet no stubble was showing. She  ran her hands down
her legs. They were smooth as well. Apparently her body had been  treated with a
permanent exfoliating treatment. Well, she couldn't say she minded, she'd 
considered having it done herself. She wondered about her sex, would that be
clear as  well? It made sense. After all, the small holes would soon clog up as
her hair fell out. Bet- ter to get rid of it beforehand. That would also explain
the maddening itching she'd experi- enced. Her first period was due to arrive
any day now and she dreaded it. What was the  cramps going to be like? The
constant pressure on her waist combined with the dildo in  her sex could cause
some serious problems. Could the dildo block her up, preventing the  passage of
the blood? She sighed to herself. She would cross that bridge when she came  to
it, there was nothing she could do now anyway. She got out of the shower and
dried  herself. It took a bit of jumping and twisting to get rid of all the
water trapped under the suit  but by now she knew that she could get rid of most
of it. When she'd first realized that her  suit contained pockets she'd been
worried that water would get trapped in them. After a  week she'd still not
noticed any problems with water so she assumed there was a way for  the water to
drain away. As she walked into the bedroom she had to grudgingly admire the 
inventor of the suit. It took a lot of knowledge and foresight to think of all
the complications  the female body might pose. She noticed the tools standing in
the corner and cursed.  What a waste of money that had turned out to be. She'd
bought several items, none of  them worth a damn. The hacksaw had not even made
a dent, after an hour of laborious  sawing all she'd had gained was a completely
ruined blade. The metal shears were use- less as well, she couldn't squeeze them
closed. The worst disappointment had been the  bolt cutter. It's 3 foot handles
had convinced her it would be ideal and she'd bought it ea- gerly. Her
excitement was shattered the moment she'd tried it on the wire, the jaws would 
not close properly! The cutter had a very small tolerance between it's teeth,
but it was just  enough for the wire to sit unharmed in the gap. She'd tried to
use it on some of the other  surfaces, but it was too bulky to get under the
suit. With a disgusted curse she was forced  to admit defeat and fling the thing
into the corner (taking a patch of plaster as it bounced  off the wall).

As she dried her hair she noticed her computer standing in the corner. With all
that was  going on she'd not had chance to surf a bit and she fired it up. It
would be the ideal way to  distract herself - something she had to do or she'd
go mad. The past week's nights had  been torture as the TV had been unable to
capture her attention fully. Waiting for the  computer to boot she finished
drying her hair and dressed in the usual T-shirt. By the time  she'd done the
computer was ready and she logged on to the net. She had several mes- sages
waiting for her, most of it spam. She scanned through the messages, killing the 
spam with a quiet little curse. A few of her friends said hi, one or two
newsletters sent her  their regular updates and an old boyfriend was coming to
town (four days ago). She froze  as she came to the end of the list. Somebody
had sent her two messages. The first's  subject read 'The basic ground rules'.
With her heart in her throat she opened the mes- sage. It had been sent a day
after she'd first discovered the suit. The sender was 'no- body@anonymous.net'.
She bit her lower lip as she read the message.

1) Do not tell anybody about the unit. 2) Do not try to contact me. 3) Follow
all instructions  to the letter. 4) Keep the unit clean. 5) Do not attempt to
leave the city. 6) Check your e- mail daily.

No greeting, no name, nothing personal of any kind. It was the most intimidating
message  she'd ever received. The second message was even worse:

From: Nobody@anonymous.net Subj: First instructions.

1) Go to the Post office, retrieve package.

She stared at the screen for a while. The message had been sent on Thursday,
three  days ago. She'd hoped to be contacted and now she has. It wasn't what
she'd hoped for.  She sat back and looked out her window. The messages were not
only bland and rude,  they were arrogant. She imagined the person sending them
and shuddered as the image  of a stuffy military general sprang to mind. She
leaned back in the chair and rubbed her  eyes. The messages had several
implications and not all of them bad. First was the fact  that she'd been
contacted. One of her greatest fears had been that this would turn out to  be a
single, almost random act of malicious madness. She could well imagine someone 
being sadistic enough to do this to her and then leave her to live out a life in
misery. Al- though the possibility was still there, it seemed unlikely.
Obviously there was more to  come. Second was that her tormentor knew exactly
who she was and what would be the  best way to contact her. That canceled the
random theory. Finally there was the knowl- edge that someone else was involved.
Until now it had been just her and the suit, now a  third person was part of her
secret. Although she'd always knew he was out there, his  message had a
comforting effect. Now she could feel another's presence, she could al- most
sense his touch. Her life was no longer just about her and the suit. She cursed
as  she realized her body had betrayed her again! What the hell was going on?
Whenever  something bad happened she got horny! It was so bad that she could
barely inspect her- self in the mirror, the mere sight of the metal and her
breasts would start throbbing! Why  was her body reacting in this way? Sighing
in exasperation she launched the browser,  she'd better find something to
distract her or she'd have to go through hell again.

Sharon woke early on Monday morning and started the arduous task of preparing
for  work. She'd soon realized that she'd have to modify her usual patterns in
order to accom- modate her new lifestyle. The most irritating change was that
she'd have to wake up half  an hour earlier than what she used to. She'd always
been a notorious and chronic over- sleeper, but with the suit she could no
longer afford to rush out of her flat in a mad flurry.  Besides taking longer to
do the usual ablutions (she still wasn't completely used to the  wire) she'd
also need to take greater care with her cleansing routine. Getting rid of the 
water alone took her much longer than just a normal toweling. Selecting a frilly
little blouse  (fuck she hated them, they looked so prim) she quickly dressed
and got ready to leave. At  least she felt comfortable enough to wear a tight
pencil skirt. After all, why go through all  the aches and pains if she can't
even show off her flat new stomach and thin waist? Fi- nally she set off, ready
to face a new day.

During her lunch hour she swung by the post office. After a long search she'd
discovered  the parcel's notification in a stack of unread junk mail - tucked
inside a brochure for  camping goods of all things. She'd been relatively calm
about the parcel until she stood in  the queue in the post office. As she slowly
neared the counter her anxiety grew. What  would it contain? What could he
possibly be sending her? Would she want it if she knew?  What would happen if
she refused to take it, simply ignoring the instructions? The loud,  constant
thumping of a stamp on paper was getting on her nerves. Couldn't they find a 
better way of making their mark on a document than violently hitting it with
rubber stamp?  Finally she reached the front, her nerves frayed to the breaking
point. A thin little man was  standing behind the counter and she almost
giggled. He was the complete image of the  gray bureaucrat, down to the little
bowtie and shiny oiled hair. He did not even look up as  she slid the stub under
the window, his attention focused on his work. Without a word he  turned around
and disappeared. She waited nervously as he appeared a few moments  later,
carrying a brown parcel about the size of a shoe box. Sliding the stub under the
win- dow he waited for her signature before handing it over. She left the post
office, carrying  the parcel as if it was a bomb.

Sharon entered her apartment and threw the keys on the kitchen counter. Carrying
the  parcel she placed it on the bed and kicked off her shoes. She'd avoided the
parcel the  whole day, not wanting to open it at the office. She needed to keep
her composure at work  - that bastard of a boss was still watching her like a
hawk. If the parcel contained some- thing unpleasant he'd notice her distraction
immediately. Finally she sat down on the bed  and looked the parcel over. It was
neatly wrapped in brown paper, the seams perfectly  straight. The post marks
indicated that it had been sent from the large central post office in  the heart
of the city. With her heart in her throat she opened the paper wrapping and 
looked at the nondescript white shoebox. Finally she took a deep breath and
removed the  lid.

The box contained several items, none of which she immediately recognized. First
of was  a sealed plastic bag, containing some kind of garment, neatly folded
into a square. Next  was a small black box with several holes. Then there was
another sealed plastic bag with  what seemed to be a jumble of wires inside.
Finally there was a note. Deciding to keep the  note till last she opened the
bag with the garment. She was very surprised to see that it  was a standard
bathing costume, with one small modification. All around the seams clear 
plastic wings had been added. She immediately realized that the wings were meant
to be  tucked in under the suit, keeping the suit covered beneath the fabric of
the costume. The  costume was pitch black and fit the dimensions of her suit
exactly. The only part that was  larger was the seat of the costume, following
the traditional line rather than the g-string  wire of her suit. A solid plastic
zip ran up along the spine to a high collar that closed with  velcro. She
realized that she could wear the costume and not a single part of the suit 
would be visible. Quickly she stood up and faced the mirror. Stepping into the
open back  she pulled the costume up until it fit snugly over the suit. She
tucked the clear plastic  wings under the seams of the suit and closed the
collar. It took a bit of a struggle but she  finally managed to close the zipper
and she looked herself over. The effect was startling.  She looked completely
normal! She pulled and tugged at the costume, but the wings held  it in place.
There was no way that the suit could be revealed as the wings kept the seams 
lined up. She stepped close to the mirror and marveled how natural it looked.
The small  bumps on her breasts showed where her nipples would have been and it
looked com- pletely natural. The dome between her legs was invisible, the
contours following the natu- ral lines of her body. Stepping back she inspected
her rear as well. The zipper masked the  broad strip up her back, hiding it from
view. The feeling was more powerful than she'd ex- pected and she realized how
much she missed her freedom. Seeing herself in a 'natural'  state made her
realize how much she'd always taken it for granted. She could not stop  looking
at herself! How she longed to peel the costume off her body, seeing her own
flesh  and blood beneath the thin fabric. She stroked her hand down her stomach
and immedi- ately the illusion vanished. Under the innocent black costume was
hard unyielding metal.  With the spell broken she sat down and inspected the
rest of the contents. The small box  was about as long as her hand and had
several small lights on top. At the one end was  the standard hole that a power
cable plugged in. Several small holes lined the one side of  the box, neatly
numbered from one to eight. Each number had a corresponding little light  with a
ninth light at the end. Unable to determine the purpose of the box she moved on
to  the next item. She opened the bag and two items tumbled out. She immediately
recog- nized the power cable, it was obviously meant to plug into the box. Next
was a long, thin  wire, ending in a small plastic triangle. On the inside of the
triangle was three small copper  points. On the other end of the wire was a
small plug, clearly meant for one of the holes in  the box. She inspected the
triangle and with a sinking feeling realized where it was meant  to go. The
three copper points would fit perfectly into the three holes at the bottom of
the  suit. Obviously the whole arrangement was meant to power something inside
the suit,  maybe the dildo! Deciding to be cautious she ignored the temptation
to plug herself in and  moved on to the note. It was as short and rude as the
e-mail.

Instructions for use: 1) Electrodes to be inserted every night without fail.
Latest 3 am. 2)  Continuous electrical current to be supplied until 5 am
earliest. 3) Keep all units dry at all  times.

The note was typed on a normal white sheet of paper, no signature. No mention
was  made of the bathing suit. No indication was given as to the purpose of the
black box. As  usual the instructions supplied more questions than answers. In
exasperation Sharon  stood up and walked to the kitchen to make dinner. She
decided to keep on wearing the  bathing suit, it made her feel better.

The rest of the night was spent in anxious anticipation. Over the last week
she'd slowly  and laboriously regained control of her composure, and she'd
thought she had it under  control. The package ruined that theory. She was
nervous and excited at the same time,  not knowing what was going to happen. The
E-Mail system had supplied her with no fur- ther clues and her imagination ran
rampant. As she lay on the couch she realized that she  was again incredibly
horny, her body responding to her nerves in the most traitorous way  possible.
She closed her eyes and slowly slid her hands up and down her breasts, trying 
to remember what it used to feel like. Soon she was so frustrated she couldn't
hold it any  more and she stormed to the bedroom. She removed the bathing suit
and gathered the  other equipment. She quickly plugged the box into the wall
socket and the ninth light came  on. Next she plugged the wire into the first
hole. For a few moments she stood staring at  the small triangle. What she was
about to do was foolish, she had no idea what would  happen. For heaven's sake,
she might be shocked to death for all she knew! Despite her  trepidation she
knew she was going to go through with it, she could already feel her sex 
throbbing at the prospect. Oh for the chance of feeling that dildo move! She'd
be over the  edge in the blink of an eye. With a little shudder she spread her
legs and applied the little  triangle. It clicked home with a faint tick and she
held her breath. Nothing. She fiddled with  the triangle - maybe it's not making
contact? Nothing. She switched the power off and on.  Nothing. Finally she flung
herself backwards onto the bed, crying in frustration and disap- pointment as
the useless black wire snaked around her leg and into her fork.

After a few minutes she'd calmed down and had to admit that nothing was going to
hap- pen. She sat up and stared at the thin wire. With a disgusted oath she
struggled to pull the  triangle from it's holes. It was a tight seal and it took
several oaths and grunts before she  could remove it. Looking at it in revulsion
she threw it into a corner. She stormed into the  kitchen and vowed never to
wear the damn thing again. She was still fuming when her  stomach muscles
suddenly spasmed, frightening her to death! For about three seconds  her whole
abdomen had clenched itself into a ball so tight she'd thought her muscles 
would tear! The sensation had not been painful, just scary. For a panicky moment
she'd  thought something had hit her in the abdomen. She barely had time to
recover when an- other spasm hit, this one stronger and lasting a bit longer. It
forced her to her knees and  she groaned as the air was forced out of her lungs.
This time she'd felt the weird sensa- tion of electricity running through her
muscles. When it ended she breathed deeply to calm  herself. Something inside
her suit was shocking her, pulling her muscles so tight they  spasmed! Still
shocked and dazed she headed back to the bedroom, realizing that she'd  not been
supposed to interrupt the power supply. She was still fiddling with the triangle 
when the third shock hit her and for the first time she felt pain. When it was
over she ap- plied the triangle and fell back on the bed, too dazed to think
clearly.




Chapter V

She crested the hill and drew the reigns in. The stallion was skittish and she
patted his  white mane to calm him down. She looked down the hill to the distant
harbor, and sighed.  There was still no sign of his ship. Her beloved was
already two weeks late and still no  sign of his galley. She turned the horse
around and headed back to the castle. Where  could he be? Thinking of him made
her flush and she became exquisitely aware of the  stallion's rippling muscles
beneath her thighs. She thought back to their first encounter  and soon her
breathing became heavy and she was lost in a daydream. It was only when  the
stallion halted that she came out of her reverie and she looked out in front of
her. They  had entered the forest and the path was a narrow trail, tall trees
lining the route. A large  black stallion stood alone in the middle of the path,
saddled but rider-less. Her own stallion  was already snorting and pawing the
ground and she held a tight grip on the reigns. For a  few moments she looked
around, searching for the horse's owner, but the forest was as  dark as it was
quiet. She dismounted and tied her own horse to a tree. Calling out she  started
searching, going ever deeper into the forest. She was about to turn back when
her  body was rushed forward by a hard force from behind. As her feet left the
ground she  screamed in terror and tried to turn around. Somebody had a hold of
her waist and in a  moment she was flung to the ground. As quickly as she'd been
tackled she was turned  over onto her back and her wrists pinned down. For a few
moments she fought viciously,  but she was held in a firm grip. At last she was
spent and she looked up into a grinning  mouth. Her assailant was seated on top
of her, his hands keeping her wrists in place. His  eyes were masked and she
froze in terror. A bandit! For a few long moments they just  stared at each
other, she breathing as hard as her tight corset allowed, him grinning like a 
cat with a mouse. She tried to protest but he merely bent down and kissed her
softly on  the lips. For a moment she struggled and then recognition came
flooding in. It was her  beloved! Giggling and weeping she kissed him as hard as
she could, relief flooding all  over her body. He let go of her wrists and still
kissing she embraced him, hugging him as  tightly as she could. She could feel
him pulling at her coat and soon he lay between her  legs, only the chastity
belt keeping them apart. Finally they stopped kissing and he raised  his head to
look at her. She had so many questions, but for now it could wait. With a mis-
chievous grin he produced a small key and she grinned back at him. He fiddled
around  between her legs until suddenly she felt the tension over her abdomen
released and she  sighed in pleasure. For the first time in almost a year she
was without the constant pres- sure and she felt as light as a feather. He
tested her readiness with his fingers and found  her as wet as she's ever been
before. He was just as ready and she quickly helped him  undress, gasping as his
cock finally sprung loose from his tight breeches. Not even both- ering to undo
her corset he mounted her again, and as the hard warm flesh entered her all  she
could do was moan. For a second she wondered why he was still wearing the mask 
but then all rational thought left her.

From: Nobody@anonymous.net Subj: New instructions

You are to go to the beach one Saturday out of each month. You are to wear only
the  supplied bathing suit. You are to stay there for a minimum of three hours
during daytime.  You are to mingle with the crowd and may not attempt to hide.
These instructions include  the current month.

Sharon sat back and read the instructions again. She'd written them down word
for word  and by now she knew them by heart. She looked out the windscreen of
her car and onto  the beach. The message had come last night, and since this was
the last weekend of the  current month she'd had no choice but to come down. She
felt so nervous she was sure  she was going to be sick. Just the thought of
getting out of the car was so bad she started  to shiver. She'd decided to come
down early in the hopes that the beach would be de- serted. To her dismay there
was already a crowd and even more people were arriving  every minute. She
seriously considered going home and trying later, but she knew it would  only
get worse. Taking a deep breath she prayed her legs would hold out and she got
out  of the car. She knew he'd be around somewhere and she scanned every face
she could  see. A few men were glancing her way and immediately she felt her
knees go weak.  Surely they must see the suit, for heavens sake it was as large
as a house! She looked  down and inspected herself. She knew what to look for
and still she couldn't notice any- thing strange. Realizing that she was only
putting off the inevitable she started walking to  the beach. She'd wanted to
wrap a large towel around her body but she felt certain he'd  not accept that.
Instead she walked with it flung over her shoulder, carrying a canvas bag  in
the other hand. She blushed deeply as several men openly stared at her body,
following  her every move. She entered the crowd and selected a clear spot on
the sand. Opening  her towel she sat down and pretended to stare out to sea.
That walk had been the most  difficult of her life! She was still blushing,
waiting for her heart rate to settle. She had a  hard time resisting the urge to
inspect herself again. Her mind was playing tricks and she  felt convinced that
the suit must be visible. She rolled over onto her stomach, inspecting  herself
as casually as she could. After several minutes she had calmed down enough to 
think straight and she opened her bag. Three hours in the sun was going to cause
havoc  with her skin and she started applying sunblock generously all over her
body. The bathing  suit covered her back so at least she could get to every bit
of exposed skin. As she cov- ered herself with the cream she kept a lookout for
her captor, but nobody drew her atten- tion. Several men were watching her, but
none of them even looked into her eyes. Satis- fied that she'd protected herself
as best she could she lay down and started reading a  book.

For the next forty minutes she tried desperately to concentrate on the book. She
was just  getting into it when she realized that she was getting uncomfortably
hot. The black bathing  suit drew the heat like a magnet and soon she was
baking. She tried lying on her back,  but soon her stomach was frying as well.
She looked at the sea and realized that she'd  have to go for a dip. She put the
book down, made sure nobody was staring, and casually  stood up. The walk down
to the beach wasn't as bad as she'd thought and as soon as she  entered the cool
water she felt a lot better. She was surprised to find that she was actually 
enjoying herself. She spent a long time in the water but soon she grew tired.
The suit kept  pulling her down and she had to keep kicking to stay afloat.
Finally she'd had enough and  she started walking back up to the beach. As she
looked up she suddenly realized that  everybody was looking at her. For a moment
she almost fainted and she then she realized  that they were just facing the
water. She was merely walking into their line of sight. She  relaxed somewhat
but could not resist jogging back up to her towel. It only drew more  people's
attention as she came jogging past. By the time she was lying on her towel her 
whole body was burning with shame. As before it took her several minutes to calm
down.  Acting as if nothing was amiss she started reading the book.

Sharon leaned back and enjoyed the warm sun. Her three hours was almost up and
by  now she'd regained her confidence. She'd just returned from her fourth
outing to the  waves and she had to re-apply the sun tan lotion. As she
unscrewed the top she looked  around and she smiled to herself. A teenage boy
had been staring at her and he'd blushed  a deep red as she caught him in the
act. The teenager had quickly looked away when  she'd seen him but she knew he'd
be watching her for some time. She'd always been at- tractive, but with the suit
she looked down right gorgeous. Feeling mischievous she inno- cently started
smearing her arms and shoulders, pretending to concentrate on her work  while
keeping an eye on the boy. He was lying on his stomach, about twenty paces away. 
In a matter of seconds his head turned back and his eyes followed her hands.
Satisfied  that she had his full attention she moved to her feet, smearing the
rich cream in slow luxu- rious movements. As slowly as she could she started
working her way up her legs,  spending a lot of time on her calves. Her hands
did a slow dance over her flesh, moving  higher with every turn. After a long
time she'd reached her thighs and now she had the  boy's full and unblinking
attention. She turned away from him, rolling over onto her side.  She could
imagine the boy's irritation at having his view blocked, but she was not about
to  disappoint him. With a faint smile she slowly applied the cream on to her
rump and hips,  imagining the thoughts that must be going through his head. When
she was done she  rolled over onto her other side and she did the other cheek as
well. She was now facing  him and she took a quick look to make sure he was
still looking, Satisfied that she had his  undying attention she opened her legs
ever so slightly, giving him a unobstructed view  between her thighs. As
innocently as she could she started applying cream to her inner  thighs, keeping
a close eye on the boy. As she'd expected he was riveted, his mouth  hanging
slightly open. She could just imagine the glorious view he must have as the
black  fabric of the suit stretched tightly over her dome. She wasn't at all
surprised to see his  knuckles turn white as he fisted some sand in each hand.
Finally she lay back and pre- tended to sunbathe. One of his friends tossed him
a soft drink and she had to suppress a  giggle as he slid over the sand to get
it - he was too ashamed to get up!

Sharon was heading home, cursing all the way. Her stunt with the boy had
back-fired and  her whole body was throbbing with lust. The slow caressing of
her flesh and the adoring  stares of the boy had made her extremely excited. By
the time she'd packed her stuff and  left she'd been so hot she had to resist
the urge to fondle herself. She could just imagine  the scene - she'd wink at
the boy, licking her lips and smiling at him. In the wink of an eye  he would be
at her side, ready to become her life long slave. She'd gently take his hand, 
leading him up to her car, his muscular young body following her obediently....
For the  hundredth time she swore at herself and beat the steering wheel in
frustration. She'd  never acted like this before! What in heavens name was going
on with her! She'd always  been fond of sex, who wasn't? But what she'd done on
the beach was a first. She felt like  an old whore, skillfully picking up
clients on the beach. And her body! Used to be she  could go months without sex,
the occasional finger keeping her in control. Now she was  so charged she
couldn't think straight! Surely the lack of masturbation couldn't have so 
severe an effect? After all, some nuns spent years without even touching
themselves, and  she could not even last two weeks. At last she was home and she
undressed in the bed- room. She was still as horny as ever and the sight of the
suit made it even worse. In frus- tration she again attacked the suit with her
fingers, but as before it was of no use! She  stood in the middle of the room,
jumping and crying like a spoilt little girl. Suddenly she  had a brilliant idea
and she cursed herself for not thinking of it earlier. She got a long piece  of
rope from her secret box and threaded it through underneath the wire. She let go
of the  ends and bent forward, grabbing hold of the two ends hanging between her
legs. She  pulled the two ends forward and the loop of wire slid down the wire.
Wriggling her hips it  finally came to a rest against the stem of the dildo and
she pulled upwards as hard as she  could. It moved slightly! The movement was so
faint she could hardly feel it, but it had  definitely moved! Again she pulled
as hard as she could, and again it moved. The move- ment was not nearly enough
to get off on, but it was encouraging. She flung herself onto  the bed and
rolled over onto her back. She took firm hold of both ends and pulled with all 
her might. As before the movement was there, but it was a minute amount. A few
more  times she tried this trick, but it was useless. Soon she was too tired to
make it move and  she desperately searched for an alternative. Striking upon
another idea she quickly rushed  into the bathroom. She stood on the toilet and
tied the two ends to the railing of the  shower curtain. Slowly she lowered
herself until the rope pulled taught and she stepped of  the toilet. She was now
hanging with her full weight on the rope, and still it was not  enough. For
several minutes she tried swinging and jiggling and twisting and turning - all 
to no avail. Finally she was so tired she could just hang there, her feet
dangling a few  inches off the ground. Sharon was now facing a new problem.
She'd tried to reach the  toilet, but suddenly it was just beyond her reach. She
could place her foot on the toilet, but  could not swing over far enough to push
her weight onto that leg. "This would almost be  funny if it wasn't so pathetic"
she thought. Again she tried, and again she couldn't get her  weight over to the
toilet. She tried to swing over by pushing away from the side of the  shower but
her hand slipped and she toppled over backwards. Hanging upside down with  her
head and hands resting on the floor she started to giggle. This was absurd! She
tried  to pull herself up but her body was too tired to fight the stiff strip
down her back. All she  could do was lay back and rest for a while. She looked
so funny, hanging upside down  with her hips thrust into the air by the rope.
Her legs were hanging down the other side,  making her pose in a most un-lady
like fashion. She could just imagine the firemen dis- covering her hanging
there. The great big brute of a man would stop in the door, gasping  in surprise
and shock. Then he'd chuckle to himself and move over to her side. Ignoring  her
pleas he'd place his humongous hands on her .... NO dammit! She uttered so many 
swear words her mother would think she'd married a sailor! She rolled over and
stood on  her hands. The loop of rope slipped back from her sex until it was as
high up her rear as  the suit would allow. Kicking and swearing she tried to
pull away from the rope, her feet  waving uselessly in the air. Finally she
realized it was useless and she rolled over again.  Gathering all the strength
she could muster she gave a huge shout and reached up for the  rope. She just
managed to grab it and for a moment she just hung there, too tired to do  any
more. After another short rest she managed to pull herself back up. Sharon hung
from  the rope and gently swung from side to side. What was she going to do?
What she  needed was something to cut the rope, but where would you find a knife
in a bathroom?  Suddenly she remembered the razor in her medicine cabinet. If
she could get to those she  could cut the rope! The cabinet was on the other
side of the shower and she hung from  one hand as she peeked around the corner.
She felt certain that she could reach it, all she  had to do was push the rope
over to the other side of the railing. Reaching up she  grabbed hold of the rope
and placed her legs against the side of the shower. Pushing with  all her might
she was gratified to see the rope slide along the railing. She was just about 
ready for her second push when the railing suddenly gave way, dumping her on the 
ground like a sack of potatoes.




Chapter VI

For a few moment her arse hung delicately over the chair and her whole body
trembled.  Slowly the force of gravity took over and she sat down with a
grateful sigh. As soon as she  was seated her favorite cat jumped onto her lap,
purring and rubbing as she stroked it. "Hi  Willie, hi my pet." she purred back.
"Do you know what day it is today? Do you? Today's  my 70th birthday my pet, yes
70 my dear. Isn't that a long time?". She sighed and leaned  back, stroking the
cat as it settled down. The flat looked so empty and lonely. All her old 
friends had either died or moved away. She didn't even have children to comfort
her, how  could she? She touched the hard surface under her blouse. After all
these years it had  become a part of her, she hardly even noticed it any more.
At first she had hoped and  longed, praying every night for what the next day
might bring. The first year had been the  worst and several times she'd come
close to killing herself. After five years the messages  had dried up, her
tormentor either dead or bored with her. After ten years she'd accepted  her
fate, to old and cynical to dwell on the things she'd lost. Now, after decades,
she could  not even remember what she'd been longing for. Again she sighed and
leaned her head  back, her time was near and she had spent her whole life in the
suit. After years of avoid- ing doctors her body was packing up. She felt
certain that whatever she had could be  cured - medical science had come a long
way the past fifty years - but she dared not ask  for help. Besides, she was
tired. She'd be glad to go over, this life no longer held anything  for her. She
just wished she could have met her tormentor. For only once she would have 
liked to look into his eyes, try to find a reason for her capture. In all these
years she'd not  seen him once. Several times she'd felt his presence, watching
over her like a benevolent  guardian. But after the messages had dried up, the
feeling had left her as well. She was  now certain that he was gone, leaving her
utterly alone. She moved her head in an at- tempt to get rid of the pressure on
her jaw. As she'd aged her body had slowly shrunk and  by now she fit like a bag
of bones inside an old pot. When she was seated her body would  slip down in the
suit, forcing the neck of the suit up against her jaw. It was a cruel fate that 
she was always reminded of her glory days. The suit still held the perfect form
of her body  in it's prime. Every day she had to look at the exquisite shell
while her real body shriveled  and wrinkled like and old prune. She took one of
her knitting needles and pushed it under  the suit to scratch an itch. Although
she could get some implements in quite deep, she  could still not reach her sex.
She smiled to herself as she struggled to reach the itch - she  was no longer
interested in getting to that part of her body anyway. The damn itch was  deep,
almost too deep to reach. She pressed even harder and the plastic needle slipped 
in deeper. It was pressing against something under the suit and she wondered
what it  could be. Again she pressed and with a faint click the needle went in
another inch. Sud- denly her whole body collapsed as the suit split into several
parts. The cat had sprung  from her lap, and for a long while she could just
stare at it, her mouth hanging open in  surprise. Finally her frail heart
relaxed somewhat and she slowly tried to stand up. Her  body was not used to
supporting itself and she cried in pain as her back and waist had to  carry her
weight. Finally she managed to get upright and she gasped as several pieces of 
silver metal fell down to her feet. They looked like old discarded pieces of a
broken pot,  lying in a jumbled heap on the floor. She slowly shuffled to the
bedroom and as she  moved more pieces dislodged themselves and fell out. When
she finally made it to the  bedroom she felt certain she was free and she stood
in front of the mirror. Her heart was  racing in nervous anticipation and she
closed her eyes to savor the moment. With her  eyes still closed she removed her
clothes and let them fall to the floor. Waiting for her  heart to settle she
finally opened her eyes and her mouth fell open in horror. Her breasts  were two
shriveled pieces of skin, her nipples completely gone! Of her sex there was 
nothing left, it had grown closed until all that was visible was the short stem
of the dildo,  sticking out from a flat white piece of skin. Her skin was as
clear and translucent as  smoked glass, the blue veins clearly visible as they
throbbed under the surface. For sev- eral minutes she could just stand there in
shock, too horrified to move. Then she started  screaming, her anguished cry of
horror and revulsion echoing off the walls.

Sharon sat up in her bed and panted in shock and fear. Finally she realized that
it was a  dream and she lay back in the bed, her heart still beating furiously
in her breast. The linen  was soaked from her sweat and as the dream slowly
faded she regained her composure.  She tried to get out of bed but the thin wire
had become tangled around her legs and she  had to undo it first. She switched
the bed lamp on and cursed the thin black snake as she  worked to release her
legs. She looked at the clock expectantly, but it was only a quarter  past four
and she could not yet be released. She had only about four paces of slack, not 
enough to reach anything. She could not even go to the bathroom and wash away
the  awful taste in her mouth. Finally she was free and she lay back, trying to
avoid the damp  spot on the linen. There was no possibility of sleeping again
and as she rolled around  restlessly, the dream haunting her. Her first month
had passed, the days ticking by slowly,  frustratingly - but relentlessly. She
had to face the terrifying possibility that she would  spend the rest of her
life in the suit. The thought was so horrifying she started crying into  the
pillow. After a good cry she lay on her side, staring at the clock. Although the
thought  was horrifying she knew it was entirely possible. The last physical
hurdle - her period - had  come and gone. The cramps had been worse than usual,
the bleeding heavier. She'd had  the same side effects when she'd first had the
IUD inserted and she knew she'd return to  normal pretty soon, maybe two or
three months. Other than those she had suffered no ill  effects. She had been
very worried about spending her nights while wearing the small tri- angle. Where
would the blood go if she blocked up all the holes? About a day before she  was
due she'd received a message permitting her to forgo the wire for 6 days every
cycle.  The fact that he knew exactly when her period was bothered her, it
reminded her how  much her privacy had been invaded.

Sharon took a leisurely stroll in the park and admired the pastel colors of the
trees.  Autumn was coming and already the air was beginning to cool. It was her
lunch break and  she liked to spend her hour out-doors. She'd gotten into the
routine to get away from her  colleagues, some of them had become concerned
about her and if she stayed at the office  they'd insist on dragging her along
for lunch. In the three months since her ordeal had be- gun she'd become more
and more anti-social. She'd even had a big fight with her mother  when she'd
wanted to fly over for a visit. Sharon sat down on a bench and stared at her 
feet. The fight bothered her, she'd always gotten along with her mother. She'd
become  used to the suit in most physical ways, but now it was taking it's toll
on other parts of her  life. She no longer craved sex every day, although she
still had a tough time during her  period. She'd always become horny during that
time and because of the suit she'd had  some very frustrating days. She leaned
back and let the sun bake her face. It was strange  how quickly she'd adjusted
to her new life. During those first terrifying days she'd not  imagined she
would adjust so quickly, and yet she has. She'd had to turn her whole life 
upside down, but now she was getting used to a new routine. Sometimes she'd
still think  of the suit, but by now she had to concentrate to even notice the
dildo. Another month and  she would be completely adjusted. Even the routine of
plugging herself in had become  second nature, it happened almost without
thought. She thought back to the nightmare  she'd had. It had kept re-occurring
for a few nights until she could remember it vividly.  Was it a omen? A sign of
what's to come? The fact that she'd had almost no new instruc- tions just
re-enforced the notion. The last instructions she'd had was to forgo the beach 
routine for the winter. That message had been sent almost a month ago. Since
then she'd  had no further contact and it bothered her. Sometimes she could
still feel his presence,  suddenly she'd get that creepy feeling of being
watched and she'd know he was around.  But it was not the ever-present sensation
she'd thought it would be. She felt strangely let  down. Although she hated the
suit and would do almost anything to be rid of it, a small  part of her had been
waiting for the climax - the moment she would be taken. The adven- ture of it
used to keep her awake at nights. What would she do when he came for her?  Would
he keep her, taking her back to his house? What would he look like? Smell like? 
Taste like? Would he be kind? Would he be young, old, short, tall? When would he
come?  How would he do it? Maybe he'd sneak in at night, take her while she
slept? Maybe he'd  abduct her as she walked in the park. Maybe he'd simply order
her to go to such and such  a place - knowing that she'd have no choice but to
obey. What would he have her do for  him? Maybe she'd be forced to dance for
him, the suit shimmering in the light as she  twisted and gyrated her body. His
admiring eyes would follow her every move. He'd stand  up, take her hand and
draw her nearer, embracing her in his arms... All these things she'd  wished for
- hating herself for being so weak. But her dreams had continued and her fan-
tasies had become more and more erotic. Instead she was left utterly alone. Why
do this?  Why did he take her and then refuse to have her? For the hundredth
time she was faced  with the possibility that her abductor had no other
intentions but to have her denied for- ever. She felt like a prisoner, looking
forward to a life sentence in a small, solitary little cell.  A single,
desperate little tear ran down her face.

Sharon sat and looked as people walked by. She knew she was going into a
depression  but could do nothing about it. She dried her face with her wrist and
took out her make-up  case. Anti-depressants meant doctors and there was no way
a doctor would get to see her  like this. Yet she could not shake the awful
feeling of dread that was ever present in her  life. She looked into a long
future of heartache and denial and it was like looking into the  depths of a
bottomless pit. If only she could be free! She sighed and headed back to the 
office. She'd gone through this wholes process before. The suit had defeated
her. Every  attempt to be rid of it was met by hard unyielding metal. She'd had
several more attempts  and at one stage she'd even bought a small blowtorch. All
she'd gained was a painful  blister that had taken weeks to heal. In about the
second month her will had finally been  broken and she'd made no attempts since.

The traffic on the freeway was terrible and the stop-start progress was working
on her  nerves. The radio was blaring but she wasn't really listening, instead
she sat brooding, the  depression slowly taking hold of her. Her boss had broken
the news that she'd be looked  over for promotion - he simply didn't consider
her dedicated enough. She'd wanted to be  angry at him, spit in his face and
scratch his eyes. Instead she was dispassionate, listen- ing to his criticism
with indifference. She knew she should fight, hit him back where it hurt. 
Instead she just took it in silence, a strange lethargy taking hold of her. Her
life was ruined  anyway - what was one more set-back? What would it help to
fight? He was the all pow- erful management, she didn't stand a chance. She
didn't need the additional grief right  now. The traffic moved a few yards and
she slowly edged her car forwards. Why should  she go on? Why be bothered by it
all? Her whole future was gone. For a moment she had  a glimmer of hope - what
would happen if she ever met her captor? What things he could  do to her! He'd
take her away, rid her of all her worries. The feeling was brief. He was a  man,
and men had no patience. Three months had passed and he'd never even met her. 
Obviously he was somehow impotent! She imagined her life being in control of a
sadistic  eunuch and again the tears started rolling down her face. Her
nightmares had been a vi- sion, a message of what was to come. She would never
feel the warm touch of his hands,  the tender kiss of his lips. She knew enough
about history to know that eunuchs used to  be the most sadistic and vicious
creatures of all. They would take delight in tormenting  and taunting the women
under their charge. She folded her hands over the steering wheel  and sobbed
into the cradle of her arms. A loud horn behind her pulled her out of her sob-
bing and she saw that the traffic had again moved. She edged the car forward but
then  she froze in utter and complete shock! Both her nipples had been brushed
by something  and for a horrible moment she had visions of cockroaches scuttling
over her breasts! She  let go of the steering wheel and desperately scratched at
the suit, trying to get rid of the  creatures. The next moment she was right on
top of the truck in front of her and she  slammed into it's back. She was so
shocked she could not move. For a while everything  seemed to happen in a dream
with her watching from the sidelines. In slow motion she  saw the driver in the
car behind her climb out of his car and walk up toward her. The driver  of the
truck had also arrived and was inspecting the damage before looking at her
through  the windshield. In slow motion his jaws opened and closed as he spoke
to her. She  couldn't move, couldn't think. After an eternity a loud banging
next to her head finally  managed to draw her attention and she turned her head.
The driver behind her was tap- ping at the window, his mouth silently moving as
he talked. Finally she came round and  she realized he wanted her to roll down
the window. As soon as she moved her arm the  spell was broken and the real
world came crashing in. The first sensations she registered  was that her
nipples were still being tickled. She could hardly think straight as the sensa-
tion sent shock-waves through her body. She managed to get a hold of herself and
she  wound the window down. "Jesus lady, you ok?" he asked. He was about forty
but very  cute. She had to resist the urge to giggle. "Ye- yes yes, I'm ok." she
replied. The truck  driver came over and she liked the look of him as well. His
belly had such a delightful way  of hanging over his belt. "Is she ok?" he asked
the other man. Looking into the car he  looked at her. "Are you ok?" he asked.
She could hardly think, her nipples were making  her nuts! "Yes I'm ok." she
replied. "She looks ok but I think she's in shock." the first man  told the
second. "I'm not in shock" she wanted to tell them, "I'm in heaven". But then
she  realized that she was indeed in shock and she took a deep breath. It took
all her willpower  to concentrate on what was going on. They let her get out of
the car and she walked over  to the front of the car. She almost collapsed, her
legs were all rubbery. The first man  grabbed hold of her arm and steadied her,
concern written all over his face. Again she  fought the urge to giggle - he
must think she's unstable because of the accident! She  loved the way his warm
hands felt as he held on to the her arm. She looked at the dam- age but it was
minor. Her car's grille had been dented but the truck had no sign of dam- age.
"I don't think we need to report this, do you?" she told the truck driver, her
voice  sounding strangely sultry and seductive. "Your truck is fine and the
damage on my car is  so small the insurance deposit alone would be more than the
repairs." The truck driver  seemed relieved that she was willing to forget the
incident and he quickly agreed. She felt  a pang of regret as the other man let
go of her arm. "You sure you're ok, you're as white a  ghost." he asked. Was
she? She'd have thought she'd be all flushed and red from the  treatment her
nipples were receiving. "I'm ok, really. Thanks for the help." she replied, un-
able to resist touching him briefly on the hand. He escorted her back to her car
and then  walked off himself. As she sat in the car she closed her eyes and
gripped the steering  wheel as hard as she could. During all of that the
tickling had never ceased and it had  been very difficult to concentrate The
truck moved off and she gritted her teeth as she  moved on after it.

Sharon reached her home and collapsed on the bed. Several times she'd been close
to  coming but she had to concentrate on her driving. Now she could fully enjoy
the sensa- tion, closing her eyes as little shudders of pleasure coursed through
her body. Whatever  was doing this to her nipples was doing it slowly. She
imagined two small round brushes  over her nipples, slowly and deliciously
turning around and around. She could feel the  wave building inside her and her
breath became ragged as it grew. She rolled over onto  her back and forced her
hands in under the belt of her skirt. She wished the dildo would  move as well
and she grabbed hold of the dome with both hands. Her body wanted to in- crease
the tempo, but the brushes kept going at their own slow pace. Ever so slowly she 
was built up and up until she was standing on the crest of a giant wave, ready
to topple  over. She squirmed and rolled her body, gritting her teeth and
growling like a cat. Finally  she felt it come and her whole body arched as the
spasm took her. Her hips started  pumping as her sex milked the quiet dildo. For
an eternity she rode the giant wave, gig- gling, crying and moaning all at once.
The pleasure was so intense she completely lost  her mind.

After several minutes it was over and she lay on her back, staring at the
ceiling. It was the  first time in more than three months that she'd achieved
orgasm and she'd almost forgot- ten how powerful it could be. She was so
exhausted she could hardly move. She felt a  almost euphoric happiness and all
her troubles were forgotten. She rested for a short  while but then she realized
that the brushes hadn't stopped. "Here we go again" she whis- pered happily and
hugged her body with her hands.




Chapter VII

She looked up as the two technicians approached her isle and she moved a little
closer to  the cage's side - they sometimes briefly touched you as they went
past. They ignored her  and went strolling down the isle. Disappointed she stood
back and rested in her harness.  She'd been listening to them speak but she
still had trouble with the language. Sucking on  her teat she drank some liquid.
Did the liquid tasted good or bad? She'd been fed the ex- act same mixture since
birth and she had no idea how it compared with other food. She  only knew there
were more than one kind of food because she'd heard the technicians  talking
about it. She was very proud of her ability to do 'speak'. She'd slowly picked
it up,  teaching herself by listening to the technicians. How she longed to try
out a few words on  them, but the teat was never removed and she was effectively
gagged. She adjusted her  arms as far as the straps and chains allowed. How did
it feel to have your hands free from  the restraints? She'd never once been
free, her hands being tied behind her back at birth.  From what she'd over-heard
it was to keep them from touching the equipment. She looked  down at her chest.
Two large plastic cups fit over her breasts, attached to her body by  straps and
locks. She did remember having the cups fitted, after all she'd only gotten 
breasts a few cycles ago. She remembered the terror, the discomfort of being
fitted with  the cups. At that stage she'd not yet learned 'speak' and she'd
screamed and wailed in  terror. Until then she'd been allowed to play and run in
the holding pens out back. Al- though their arms had been bound she and the
others had still been able to play a few  games, mostly tag. With the cups had
come the cages. She and her fellow captives had  each been placed in a small
square cage, suspended in a harness that hung from the  ceiling. She doubted
she'd ever leave the cage and a strange feeling overcame her,  something she
could not express in words. She sighed and gently swung back and forth in  her
harness. Suddenly the cups came to life and she gasped as the white fluid
started  flowing. After all of this time she could still not get used to the
unexpected sensation. All  around her other bodies stirred as their cups came to
life as well. Two small plastic pipes  ran from her breasts to a bigger pipe out
in front of the cages. She could see her fluid join  the supply from the others
and she wondered what the technicians wanted with such a  flood of white stuff.
Her body made other fluid as well, but they did not seem interested in  that at
all. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the fluid leaving her body. The
sen- sation was so good, and yet it made her afraid. What would happen if one
day she be- came empty? She opened her eyes and looked down. She was very happy
to see that  one of the technicians had returned. She tried to smile but the
large rubber teat obscured  her mouth from view. Instead she leaned forward as
far as the harness allowed. She knew  there was a funny thing between her legs,
she could see the same device between the  legs of the others. It had been
installed at the same time as the cups. Although she  couldn't see her own she
guessed it looked the same as the others, all shiny and hard  with lights and
knobs on top. The technician looked around, smiled at her and touched  one of
her knobs. Immediately a buzzing started between her legs, sending shock waves 
of pleasure up her whole body. Instinctively she tried to touch the thing but
her hands  could only flail behind her back. She moaned through her nose and
swung back and forth.  Suddenly the sensation was gone and with a pang of regret
she looked down. The techni- cian turned and walked away. She wondered what
would happen if he ever left it on for a  while. He never allowed her to find
out, giving her just a few seconds of pleasure each  time. The cups over her
breasts died down as the last of the tremors between her legs  died away as
well. With a deep sigh she swung back and rested her head in a sling be- tween
the chains of the harness. Longing for some unnamed something she closed her 
eyes and fell asleep, her mouth slowly working the teat.

Sharon sat on the sofa and morbidly stared at the television screen. Her eyes
were red  and tired, her hair a tangled mess. Every now and then she'd give a
small little jump as if  she'd been stung. Sometimes she'd jump up, walk a few
circles, maybe wash her face  and then she'd sit down again. For the past week
she'd not had a moments rest, her nip- ples being stimulated the moment she
relaxed. She'd not even been able to sleep prop- erly, the stimulation
continuing through the night. Except for the first hectic night she'd not  once
been able to come. She'd be stimulated until she was nice and hot ... and then
it'd  stop. Like a simmering pot she'll slowly cool down and then she'd be
stimulated again!  Somehow the suit knew exactly when she was cooling off. She
guessed it measured the  height of her nipples, or maybe the blood throbbing
under her skin. Whatever way it used -  it was very effective. She could spend
several frustrating hours simmering away, her body  ready and willing. However,
without release it was inevitable that she'd start to cool down -  and all of a
sudden she'd be brushed again. This roller-coaster of ups and downs was  taking
it's toll and she was going out of her mind. Going to the office had been sheer
tor- ture. She'd get halfway down a row of figures and suddenly she'd be
brushed. Of course  she'd loose her place and she'd have to start all over
again. She leaned back and looked  at the ceiling. She couldn't understand this
treatment. Why do this to her? What would he  gain by driving her off her
trolley? Right now she was so horny she'd kill for a fuck - liter- ally. But
why? Why force her to need what she couldn't hope to have? She'd been getting 
used to not getting sex, in another month or two she'd have been completely
adjusted.  Now she was back at step one, as aware and uncomfortable in the suit
as if she'd discov- ered it yesterday. Maybe that was why this was happening!
Maybe he wanted her needy  and desperate! Maybe the perverse bastard did this
just to drive her doodley! What better  way could there be? Like a starving man
all you did was show him the food, keep it close  enough to smell and see, but
not allow him to eat. It would be only a matter of days before  he'd be
completely out of his mind. The thought made her shiver and she curled up into a 
ball. Was that the whole idea? She could not believe that she'd go through all
the trouble  just to send her to the insane asylum! Was this all part of a
mind-game?

She leaned back and tried to stand in her captor's shoes. First off, he's a
control freak.  Obviously the typical "dominant" personality. His letters and
demands had made that  clear. Secondly, he was smart and crafty. The way in
which she'd been captured must  have taken a lot of planning. She suspected that
he'd drugged her in the middle of the  night. Maybe he'd sprayed some gas under
the door? For all she knew he was in the flat  the whole time, waiting for her!
Whatever the method, he'd kept her drugged and had in- stalled the suit in a
very short time. The only question was his intentions. Was he a sadist?  She
didn't think so. Except for the one time she'd neglected to wear the wire she'd
never  been hurt. Physical pain didn't seem to be his thing. What off the
stimulation? There had  to be a method behind the madness. Could it be that he's
using the stimulation to train her  to his will? If he'd let her be she'd have
become used to the suit - that much was obvious.  This way he could keep her
under his control. It seems he prefered using the carrot rather  than the stick.
Maybe he wanted her to do his bidding willingly, not because she was  afraid of
punishment? Right now she'd do almost anything he could possibly ask of her - 
as long as he allowed her to climax. She stretched herself out, her toes
pointing at the  wall. It was amazing how the stimulation had ruined her
composure. As with the first few  nights she was again super-aware. As she
stretched she arched her back and pushed her  hands into the air. A dark corner
of her mind noticed how the suit resisted her movement,  clinching her waist and
biting into her fork as she stretched. Despite her state of arousal  the
depression was back in full force. She tried to fight it, but it was like
fighting a thick  black fog. For a few minutes she'd rant and rage, determined
to crush her unseen enemy.  Finally she'd be spent and she'd be forced to calm
down. As soon as she did the oppres- sive black fog returned, whispering
horrible dreams and visions in her ears. She gave a  small jump as she was again
brushed. The stimulation lasted less than a second, just long  enough to draw
her attention back to her nipples. That was the bloody problem with the  thing!
As soon as she became distracted - thinking of something else or maybe day-
dreaming - she'd calm down. Whenever the stimulation came, it was always a
surprise.  After all, as long as she waited for the stimulation, nothing would
happen.

******************

Sharon looked around and made sure she was alone. She could not shake the eerie
feel- ing of being watched and she suspected he was around somewhere. She was
back in the  park, her instructions sending her here early on Saturday morning.
The instructions had  come on the same day the stimulation had finally ceased,
the previous Tuesday. After al- most two weeks she'd had enough and if it had
lasted just a few more days she'd have  killed herself. Somehow he'd known of
her desperation and it had ceased just in time.  Perversely she found that she
now missed the stimulation. She could not believe it, and  yet she longed to
feel her nipples brushed. As she drew the long dress up to her knees  she cursed
herself, why did she always want what she couldn't have? She felt extremely 
vulnerable and nervous, continually scanning her surroundings. The instructions
had been  clear - no under-garments of any kind. Just the dress and some light
sandals. The dress  had been sent to her via the usual anonymous package, part
of a whole collection of ob- jects. It was a light brown dress made of woven
wool. The bodice was tight and would  stretch over the suit, but the skirt was
wide and long. It had no zippers, she'd put it on like  a jersey, sticking her
head through the narrow turtleneck. It had long, narrow arms that  came down all
the way to her wrists. Folding her hands under the pits of her arms she  could
hide her whole body from view, only her face showing. It was nice and thick and 
would keep her warm in the autumn cold.

She took a short cable from her handbag. She looked at it for a while and cursed
herself -  she was actually growing horny! What she had to do would leave her
completely at his  mercy - the first time she'd loose all control over her fate.
For a short while she debated  with herself but she never had any real choice. A
small black box was attached to one end  of the cable, a metal clip sticking out
of it. She snapped the clip around the foot of the  bench, thereby attaching the
cable to the bench. On the other end of the cable she at- tached a set of padded
shackles, permanently fixed to each other. Sighing she held the  shackles for a
moment and then she tied them to her naked ankles. With two little clicks  they
shut, binding her ankles to the bench.

Sharon sat watching the swans glide over the lake. She'd hoped to be approached
the  moment she was bound, but nothing had happened. She looked down and was
satisfied  to see that all signs of her restriction were hidden by the dress.
She slowly moved her  feet, they were kept together in a comfortable but firm
grip by the shackles. She could feel  her feet being stopped short by the cable,
she had less than a foot of play. She hated to  admit it but she was enjoying
the confinement, her body responding in it's usual manner.  Here she was, bound
and helpless in the middle of a public park and nobody was any the  wiser! The
park had been very quiet when she'd arrived but slowly the people started ar-
riving. Soon she saw somebody walking down her particular path next to the lake.
For a  moment she'd hoped it was him, but then she saw that it was a woman,
taking her early  morning walk around the lake. She looked the other way but
there was nobody coming  from that direction either. She was about to relax when
she suddenly gave a stifled little  cry and froze in her seat. The woman looked
at her quizzically and frowned as she ap- proached the bench. Sharon made no
further moves and the woman walked on by. Finally  she rounded the bend and was
lost out of sight. Sharon released the breath she'd been  holding and checked to
make sure everything was still concealed by the dress. As the  woman had
approached her nipples had been stimulated and it had made her cry out in 
surprise. She squirmed in her seat, suddenly both horny and afraid at the same
time. She  had a very bad feeling about all of this! She tried to stand up but
the shackles around her  ankles reminded her of her predicament. She could no
longer do anything to prevent  whatever was going to happen.

Sharon looked up and dreaded the approach of a whole group of Japanese tourists.
By  now she'd spent almost two hours bound to the bench and she'd figured out
the rules of  the game. Whenever somebody would pass her, her nipples would be
stimulated. The  stimulation would grow until the person had reached the closest
point and would fade as  they walked on by. As the Japanese approached the
stimulation began and she clenched  her jaws to avoid making a sound. It felt as
if a hundred little fingers was cajoling and  stroking her, driving her mad. To
her absolute horror several of the tourists stopped right  next to her to take
photos of the lake, chatting and joking as their cameras clicked non- stop. She
felt certain she was going to break a tooth but she kept on biting down on her 
teeth, determined not to make a sound. She was about to pass out when they
finally  moved on and she could breathe again. That had been the longest one yet
and she'd  come to within an inch of having an orgasm in public! The thought had
her so horrified she  blushed a deep red and immediately her lust died down. She
wondered how long this  game would continue. She could still feel him watching
and she cursed as she imagined  him laughing at her attempts to keep herself
under control.

Suddenly her nipples came alive again. For a moment she looked up, swore under
her  breath and looked down again. An old man with a cane was slowly walking by
and it was  going to take several minutes before she'd be able to relax again.
She pretended to be  busy with her handbag but the tempo over her nipples kept
on rising. It was driving her  wild, the brushes teasing and twisting her
nipples as the old man slowly made his way  past her. He was taking longer than
she'd expected and she concentrated on keeping her  breathing under control.
Finally she could stand it no more and she looked up. She almost  cried in
desperation and looked down again, the old man was heading straight for her 
bench! After several minutes he laboriously lowered himself down onto the bench
and  gave her a quick, shy smile. She tried to smile back but it was taking all
of her effort not to  cry out - two furious bees were buzzing away under her
bonnet! The spasm took hold of  her and she grabbed onto the bench for support.
Her whole body went rigid as it swept her  along and she desperately tried to
keep control of the little tremors coursing through her  taught muscles. Finally
it was over and she collapsed back into the bench.

"Excuse me miss - are you not feeling well?" a voice said next to her. She
raised her head  and looked into the kind old face of the man, concern written
all over his face. "I'm fine,  thank you." she replied, giving him her sweetest
smile. "Go away, go away, go away," she  thought while she smiled. He smiled
back and nodded his head at her. "Pardon me saying  so but you look a bit
distressed. My daughter-in-law had the same look you know - turned  out to be a
fever. Had some strange disease for years while nobody knew it. My son,  David
that is, had to take her to the hospital one afternoon when she
fainted............"

Sharon leaned back and tried to feign interest while the voice droned on. She
had no idea  what he was saying, her whole world filled by two small patches of
flesh. As she smiled  she could feel the second climax building and she held on
to the bench for the ride. This  time she handled it much better, the old man
didn't even realize she was a little pre- occupied. He never noticed her
knuckles turn white or the sweat streaming down her  brow.




Chapter VIII

Suddenly she was awake and for a moment she was completely disorientated. Her
arms  and legs had been tightly bound and her mouth was gagged. For a few
panicky moment  she tried to fight but then she remembered where she was. Slowly
her heart-rate settled  down and she relaxed. The equipment and instructions for
her nightly bondage had ar- rived three days earlier and she was still getting
used to sleeping under these new cir- cumstances. Her head was encased in a
leather harness, two patches covering her eyes  and a thick rubbery gag filling
her mouth. She'd never liked gags and the aching of her  jaws each morning has
proven her dislike founded. The gag and patches were held in  place by a host of
straps, all attached to a broad leather collar around her neck. The collar 
plugged into the black box via a thin black wire. Once locked it would only
release her at 5  am. Her wrists and ankles were bound by large padded shackles,
a thin wire running from  each set to the small black box. As with the collar
they would only open at 5 am, keeping  her bound throughout her night of
restless sleep. She had a tough time falling asleep  whilst wearing the erotic
ensemble. Her body wanted to do a lot of things, but sleep wasn't  one of them.
The last three evenings had been a struggle of restless rolling around till she 
could finally slip away, exhaustion overcoming frustration. She rolled over onto
her other  side and tried to fall asleep again. If she could do so quickly she
might fool her body and it  would forget all about the .... damn. She rolled
onto her back and screamed into the gag in  frustration. Her nipples were
already throbbing, her lust fired by the mere realization that  she was
helpless. Her bound wrists were pressing into the small of her back and she 
rolled onto her stomach in frustration. This was just like discovering the suit
all over again!  She couldn't find a position that would not be an erotic
reminder in some perverse way.  She twisted and turned her wrists behind her
back. She would have preferred having her  arms bound in front of her body, but
the instructions had been clear. At long last she man- aged to slowly drift away
when once again she was jerked awake. This time she'd heard  what had woken her
- somebody was doing something with her front door! She froze as  she heard the
faint metallic sounds coming from the door - what the hell was going on? 
Suddenly everything grew quiet and after a while she relaxed. She had just about
con- vinced herself it had been her imagination when she heard the familiar
sound of her front  door opening! She had a thick carpet at the door and it made
a distinctive brushing sound  every time the door was opened.

As she now heard the familiar sound her heart throbbed in her throat. Somebody
was in- side her sanctuary, invading her privacy! For a moment she panicked but
then a thought  came to her - what if it was him? She froze, her breath caught
in her throat. It made  sense, he would quietly slip into her room. Next he'll
grab her as she lay on the bed, her  defenseless body would quickly be stuffed
into a bag. He'd drag her to his home and soon  she'd be free of the suit, his
warm flesh ... or maybe he'd do it right here! Maybe he'd free  her right here
and now, his rough hands traveling all over her body as she lay bound on  the
bed. Sharon got herself worked into such a state she could feel her legs
quivering in  expectation. After a long while of nervous anticipation and
fantasizing she realized that  nothing has happened. Suddenly the old fears
returned. What was he up to? Was it really  him? Maybe it was just a common
burglar! Why was he taking so long? She could hear  some faint movements in her
kitchen. That can't be him! What would he want in her  kitchen? It WAS a
burglar! Some common, dirty thief had broken into her house and soon  she was
going to be discovered! What would he think when he saw her? What would he  do?
What a sight she must be - her perfect silver body in stark contrast with the
erotic  black devices on her limbs. What would go through his mind when he saw
her - exposed  and naked?

Suddenly she blushed all over and wished she'd not rolled around so much. She
was no  longer covered by the linen and he was going to discover her lying there
in all her naked  glory! But what then? When he discovered she was not
available, what would he do in his  frustration? Would he use his fists, taking
his rage out on her? Maybe he'd have a knife!  She shivered at the thought and
became seriously afraid for the first time! The next mo- ment she felt a warm
hand slide over her leg and she cried out in fear and surprise. For  several
minutes she rolled around, fighting and screaming. Her wails came out as soft 
kitten mews, her fighting made impotent by the shackles. Through the blindfold
she  sensed that the light had been turned on, and again she rolled around -
this time in  shame. The man was watching her struggle! She'd never felt so
ashamed and vulnerable  in her life! Not even on the beach has she been so
exposed. Her hands opened and  closed as she desperately grabbed the air. Here
she was, not only naked but bound and  helpless as well. For a while she
continued her rolling and moaning but soon she grew  tired and rational thought
took over. She'd just settled down when he grabbed hold of her  ankles, lifting
them into the air. He held onto them easily while she struggled anew, her  tired
body unable to dislodge his hold on the shackles. She rolled over onto her back
but  his wrist just followed the movement.

After a few seconds she calmed down, her ribs straining against the sides of
their tight  prison. Satisfied that she'd calmed down her tormentor placed his
other hand above her  knee, rolling her over with a firm push. She was too tired
to resist and as she lay on her  stomach she felt him push her ankles upwards
until they pressed against her buttocks.  The tinkle of chains should have
warned her, but by that time she was too scared and  tired to think straight.
The next moment her wrists and ankles were tightly bound together.  As he let go
of her she tested the restraints but she was firmly bound in a hog-tie. She 
could feel her hips and abdomen strain against the inside of the suit as all her
weight  rested on her lower abdomen. Her spine was bent backwards in a curve,
lifting her chest  and knees off the bed. She felt his weight disappear off the
bed as he stood up. For a  while nothing happened and she started twisting and
turning her fists inside the shackles.  Once she'd been hog-tied most of her
fear had disappeared and she knew it had to be  him. He knew exactly what he was
doing, he'd even brought the equipment to hog-tie her  with. She turned her head
this way and that - trying to locate him. He was keeping quiet  and after a long
while she began to feel convinced that he'd left. She moaned into the gag  - the
bondage and excitement had set her whole body on fire. Where was he? She was 
extremely excited by the prospect of what lay ahead. If he was to have her he'd
have to  remove the suit! She twisted her hips and rubbed her thighs together,
nervous sexual en- ergy coursing through her like electricity. She toppled over
from her stomach on to her  side.

As she lay there she slowly became worried. Why wasn't he touching her? Was he
still in  the room? She moved as much as the bondage allowed, her breathing
ragged and exited.  Finally she could stand it no more and she pulled as hard as
she could, every muscle,  every tendon straining against her confinement. For a
while she kept it up, her body a  bowstring of tension, pulling desperately to
free her hands. But muscle and tendons can't  defeat cold hard steel and soon
she had to let go, defeated. She rested her head uncom- fortably on the bed and
breathed deeply through her nose. He gently placed his warm  hand on her naked
buttock, making her jump. She was so tired she could hardly move and  yet she
felt little spasms of pleasure course through the tired muscle under his hand.
He  sat down next to her and gently rolled her over from her side onto her
stomach. She  moaned into the gag - she was so ready for him! He slowly slid his
hand down her butt  crack, following the wire as it went down. The sensation was
pure heaven and she arched  her back even further, her butt cheeks squeezing his
fingers. He slowly forced his hand in  deeper until it was cupping her dome from
behind, the warm flesh between her thighs  driving her wild! She felt his weight
shift and he bent down next to her. With his other hand  her brushed her hair
away, exposing her collared neck. She gasped as his warm breath  tickled her ear
and he gently covered it with kisses. His arms slipped in around her waist, 
just below her breasts. All she could do was moan as his feather light kisses
covered her  neck and ear.

Suddenly she was lifted bodily into the air, surprising and disorientating her
completely.  For a panicky few moments it felt as if she was flying through
space! He lifted her upright,  balancing her body on his hand between her
thighs. His other hand was still holding onto  her chest and kept her balanced.
She'd never been manhandled like this, and the feeling  of losing all control
was the most erotic thing she'd ever experienced. He was still seated  and he
lowered her until her knees rested on the top of his thighs. He freed his hand
from  between her cheeks and started roaming her body. After several detours
both hands  ended up around her throat. His fingers were under her chin, his
thumbs placed over her  spine. Gently he pressed and she tilted her head
forwards as far as the collar allowed. He  again kissed her exposed neck and
head, sending shock waves down her spine as each  warm kiss touched her for a
brief moment. As he kissed, his hands slowly started roaming  her body. Despite
the hard metal she could feel his palms cup her breasts. She could  imagine him
squeezing the hard metal and she wanted to cry in frustration. For a moment  he
rested his hands over her breasts and then he moved on, stroking and rubbing his 
large hands along her sides and over her rib-cage. The suit was dampening the
sensation  and yet it was enough to drive her up the wall.

Again he surprised her by lifting her up, his hands circling her waist. For the
second time  she became disorientated as her whole body was moved and rotated as
easily as if she  was a doll. When he put her down she had no idea which way she
was facing, all she  knew was that her knees were again resting on his thighs. A
sudden hot breath on her  cheek told her that she was now facing him, and as he
kissed her nose and brow she  longed to melt into his chest. His hands still had
hold of her waist and now they slid down  until they were holding her hips.
Gently his thumbs rubbed her hip bones while his fingers  dug into her
butt-crack. With a firm pull he drew her body into his chest, his fingers
pulling  her cheeks apart. She cuddled his neck with her face, his musky odor
filling her nostrils.  She could smell the sweat on his body and she knew he was
as excited and horny as she  was. If she'd been free she'd have coupled with him
long ago, instead she was forced to  endure as every second built her higher in
her desperate need. With her weight leaning  against his chest his hands were
once again free and they started roaming. Soon both his  hands had slid down her
hips and thighs and was holding onto her calves. Each hand took  hold of a leg
and he gently pulled her open. As she opened she slid down onto his lap and 
soon she was half seated, her inner thighs straddling his legs. She could feel
their abdo- mens touch and she longed to feel his warm manhood throbbing against
her. Instead she  had to be satisfied with the empty, quiet dome where not even
her outer labia could feel  anything. She cursed at the injustice of it, moaning
as she tried to make her intentions  clear. When was he going to take her? Why
was he dragging it out so much? She longed  for him to free her, to give her
what she'd not had for months now.

She froze in shocked silence as the dildo suddenly started to move. She had
gotten so  used to it's quiet presence she never noticed it any more. Now she
became intensely and  exquisitely aware of the thin rod. It was expanding, ever
so slowly growing bigger. As if by  magic it's sides were filling and stretching
her purse. She knew it could only be a few frac- tions but it felt as if it
already filled her whole body! Everything else was forgotten, her  whole being
concentrated on the unexpected pleasure. It kept on growing until she felt she 
would burst. She could feel her slippery skin slide over it's surface as it
expanded, filling  her to beyond what she'd thought possible. At last it reached
it's apex and she realized  she'd bitten deep into the rubber gag. Suddenly the
dildo started moving up and down and  for a moment she blacked out from the
overwhelming sensation and shock. She regained  her consciousness in time to
feel him tilt her over onto her back. She hardly noticed as he  stood up, the
dildo driving her crazy. It was moving extremely slowly, going up and down  by
only a few fractions. And yet the slight movement was enough to discover that
the thing  was ribbed with thousands of tiny knobs rubbing her walls. She barely
noticed him lower  his weight down onto her, the dildo demanding her full
attention. With a bit of prodding he  managed to get her attention and she
opened her legs as far as she could. He lowered  himself into her fork, and she
groaned as his weight stretched her bound limbs to their  limits. Despite the
tension she didn't feel any pain, her mind oblivious to all but one sensa- tion.
She felt his hard cock throbbing against her inner thigh where it was wedged be-
tween her skin and the dome. The head was sticking out past her arse like a
short little  tail. He stroked her hard metal breasts and she screamed into the
gag as the brushes  came alive. He slowly started moving his member up and down,
rubbing it between the  fleshy thigh and hard dome. Soon the tempo inside her
increased as well and they started  rocking together, animal instinct taking
over.

Sharon sat bolt upright with a start. She was sweating and her pulse was racing
away. At  last she calmed down and she removed the restraints over her head. As
usual the shack- les on her wrists and ankles had fallen off as soon as the
deadline passed - it was only the  collar the she needed to remove herself. As
she blinked in the morning light she rubbed  her aching jaw, cursing the damn
gag. Finally she dragged herself out of bed and took a  shower. The dream had
been the most erotic yet and she knew she must've come in her  sleep. She longed
to remember what it felt like, but as with most things the memory could  not
compensate for the experience. She dried herself off and looked herself over
with a  resigned sigh - because of the dream the day was bound to be spent in
impotent frustra- tion. She dressed and got ready for work. It was only when she
made the bed that she  noticed the sticky glob stuck to the linen.




Chapter IX

She stood looking at the wall for a moment, unsure of which whip to use. Finally
she  smiled and took the cat-o-nine-tails off the wall. It's longs strands of
woven leather swung  lazily as she tested it's grip. Satisfied she walked over
to the bench and looked down at  her bound victim. He was admiring her as she
posed with her hand on her hip, the whip  twitching slightly. Her latex catsuit
left nothing to the imagination and already she could  see his pathetic little
cock begin to stir. The light danced over her perfect curves as she  slowly
walked around his body, his eyes following her every move. The high boots she 
was wearing had 6" heels, making her hips gyrate with every step. Suddenly she
lashed  out with the whip, the strands snaking over his bare flesh with a loud
crack. She saw him  scream into the gag, his eyes bulging and his face turning
red. She bent down, enjoying  the power she had over him. He was stretched over
a hobble horse, his naked hips and  stomach exposed to her every whim. His hands
and feet were bound behind his back and  several straps kept his arms and legs
bound to the horse. His cock didn't appreciate the  whip and it was shrinking
quickly. She straddled him and looked down into his face. She  slowly and
deliberately rubbed her breasts with her black, gloved hands. Her nipples were 
straining against the tight latex and she played and teased them, licking her
lips sugges- tively. His cock was coming alive again and she slowly lowered her
abdomen until it was  hovering inches over the hard, throbbing flesh. Teasing
him her hips made large lazy cir- cles just out of his reach. She jumped up and
stepped onto his chest. The bastard didn't  deserve her, not after what he'd
done. She liked teasing him however, just to show him  what he'd be missing. He
was a rotten boss and a even worse person. "Would you like  some?" she said in
her most seductive voice, indicating her pussy by rubbing it shame- lessly. He
nodded eagerly and moaned through the gag. She stepped off his chest, grati-
fied by the marks her sharp heels were leaving. She placed her gloved hand on
his cock,  feeling his hard excited manhood quiver. She slowly bent over, making
sure he caught full  sight of her latex covered breasts. Slowly she bent over
till her head was only inches from  his face. She purred over him, her hot body
hovering ever so close to his skin. "Well" she  said in a voice that just about
dripped sexuality "You can't have any you FUCK!"

Sharon stood still for a moment and listened. All she could hear was the
rustling of the  wind and the chirping of birds in the trees. She was by no
means a woodsman, but she  felt pretty confident that she was not being
followed. That meant he was probably already  waiting for her. Looking at her
watch she saw that she had been walking for almost half an  hour. She had
another hour left to complete her tasks and she had no idea how much  further
she still had to go. She had been climbing a steep hill and was sweating
buckets.  The tight collar of the tracksuit was bothering her and she decided to
unzip the top, there  was nobody around that would be able to see the suit. She
shifted the weight of the back- pack she was carrying and continued up the
mountain. The backpack contained the de- vices and instructions she had received
the previous week. It had stated that she was to  rise early on Saturday morning
and dress for a hike. She was then to pack the devices in  a backpack and also
to include food and water. The instructions included a map with a  spot marked
with an X. The X turned out to be next to a road in the middle of a large na-
ture reserve. The instructions had stated that she should arrive no later than
half past six  in the morning. Arriving at the spot she had found a small
enclave where she could hide  her car. After hiding the car she had followed a
foot-path down to a river where the next  set of instructions had been taped to
the under-side of a small bridge. The new set of in- structions had ordered her
to cross the bridge, follow the trail and then look for a cliff face.  She'd
located the cliffs easily and had started walking up the steep hill towards
them. The  route was taking her away from the path and any other signs of
civilization. Blazing her  own trail through rough terrain she slowly made her
way up the mountain.

It took her another twenty minutes before she reached the cliff. Turning around
she saw  that she was now well above the road and a beautiful valley was
sprawled out in front of  her. All she could see of civilization was the distant
road as it wound it's way down the  valley. Sharon found that the sweating had
again made here slippery and uncomfortable.  She sat down on a rock and looked
around. She was in an isolated part of the reserve and  it was unlikely she
would be discovered. She looked down at her chest and the metal suit.  It was
the first time she had ever been "naked" outside of her house. She was amazed 
that she was both horrified and aroused by the thought of being discovered.
Suddenly she  realized that the suit must be shining like a mirror for all to
see. Quickly she zipped the  tracksuit shut. Blushing deeply at the thought of
somebody seeing the reflection she got  up and looked around. She could not see
a tree with a ribbon around it so she followed  the base of the cliff. After a
few minutes she found the tree and another set of instructions.

Taking the backpack off her shoulder she placed it on the ground and zipped it
open. She  first took out a bottle of water and drank deeply. Sitting down on a
nearby rock she read  the instructions. First she had to search for a black hook
attached to the tree. After a brief  search she discovered the hook hanging from
a high branch in the tree. She was sup- posed to attach a red ring to the hook
in the tree. She opened the back-pack and removed  a large black box. On one end
was a bright red ring while on the other there was a blue  hook. At her house
Sharon had discovered that the blue hook was attached to a thin metal  cable
that pulled into the box. She could pull the blue hook out but as soon as she
let go it  drew back into the box. With a resigned sigh Sharon started climbing
the tree. The weight  of the box and her tired muscles did not make it easy and
she battled to reach the hook in  the tree. After a long struggle she managed to
hook the red ring onto the tree and start  down again. The instructions had told
her to pull the blue hook down with her and she was  soon on the ground again,
blue hook in hand. She wrapped the hook around a branch to  prevent it from
pulling up again and read further. Next she was to take off all her clothes. 
Sharon did not at all like the sound of that, but she knew that she had no
choice. Looking  up she realized that she was still visible from the road. The
only salvation was that the  large tree threw ample shadow and that she would no
longer shine like a mirror. Standing  behind the trunk of the tree her shaking
hands got to work on the tracksuit. She could not  resist the urge to cover
herself with her hands and she stood behind the tree watching the  road. Sharon
knew she was being irrational but she still felt naked and exposed. Careful  not
to come out from behind the tree she removed her shoes and socks. She finally 
plucked up the courage to remove her pants as well. Standing behind the tree she
real- ized that she' left the instructions on a rock on the other side of the
tree. Cursing she  crouched down and crept to the rock. Retrieving the backpack
and instructions she was  soon seated behind the tree. With her legs drawn up
tight against her body she waited for  her heartbeat to settle down. It was
amazing how aware she suddenly was of the suit. For  months she'd been wearing
the garment, getting so used to it that she forgot of it's exis- tence. And yet,
sitting outside in the cool air it fit about as well as a new shoe. She could 
feel every seam, every bump in it's surface. She briefly rubbed the hard dome -
was the  dildo suddenly feeling larger? She leaned her head back and rested for
a moment before  continuing with her tasks.

Her next instruction was to put on a harness. She retrieved the jumble of straps
and in- spected it. The harness was made of black material that looked and felt
like the safety  belts you find in cars. Reading the instructions she started to
put the harness on. First she  had to find two straps that were joined by two
metal clasps, a small one in front and a  larger on at the back. There were
several clasps and straps in the jumble of the harness  but after a while she
located the right ones. As soon as she lay the two short straps over  her
shoulders she understood how the harness worked. She did it up, referring to the
in- structions to make sure she was doing it right. The harness had three belts
circling her  body and a strap over each shoulder. There was a belt just below
her armpits, another just  under her breasts and a broad one around her waist.
Each belt had a metal clasp at the  front and another at the back. Short
sections of strap ran vertically from each clasp to the  next. Together these
short sections formed a long belt that ran from between her shoulder  blades,
down her spine, between her legs, over her stomach up to her cleavage. Two 
straps ran from her hip bones, down her rump to between her legs where they
crossed  over and continued up her stomach to the opposite hip. She twisted and
turned her body,  making sure everything was in place comfortably. Looking down
at herself she thought  how ironic it was that she was wearing not one, but two
bondage garments. Sitting down  she read further. Now she had to retrieve the
blue hook and hook it onto the clasp be- tween her shoulder blades. Looking
around she realized that she would again have to ex- pose herself to get to the
hook. Rushing to the branch she grabbed the hook and brought  it back with her.
Once safe behind the tree she struggled to reach behind her and get to  the
clasp over her shoulder blades. After a while she managed to hook it in place
and it  clicked home. She was now tethered to the tree and she felt a chill run
down her spine.  Although she could remove the hook and harness she suspected
that pretty soon she'd be  helpless. Next she had to fix two leather cuffs
around her ankles. They were fixed to each  other and would allow no movement at
all. Testing the cuffs she found them tight but  comfortable. The instructions
told her to eat and drink as much as she could. She finished  the sandwiches she
had brought and drank a lot of water. She finished reading the in- structions
and sighed. The next part was easy but worrying. Taking a leather harness from 
the backpack she placed it over her head. It was a complicated blindfold and gag
combi- nation similar to the one she'd been wearing each night. It had a
standard leather blindfold  that covered the eyes with two large eye patches and
fastened at the base of the skull. A  triangular rubber gag completely filled
her mouth with two grooves for her teeth to bite  into. Everything attached to a
broad collar around her neck. It slid over easily and fit quite  comfortably.
Sitting in the dark Sharon felt very lonely and vulnerable. She almost took the 
blindfold off again, but in the end she calmed down. Finally she was calm enough
to do  the last step. She had to grope around a bit to find the cuffs that would
bind her hands.  They were made from the same material as the suit but had a
soft inner lining. They were  the only part of her ensemble she could not
unlock. They were connected to each other by  a thick black box. She suspected
the box housed the mechanism that would unlock the  cuffs when the time was
right. A short metal tube pointed out from the box in a T shape  and it had a
strange point at the end. She fastened the shackles to a clasp in the small of 
her back by pressing the strange point into a hole in the clasp. They stuck out
from the  harness and she could imagine them looking like a bow-tie sitting in
the small of her back.  Sighing she paused before she placed her wrists in the
cuffs. The moment those cuffs  snapped shut she would be unable to free herself
again. She would need her tormentor to  free her, or she would die. She sighed
and placed her wrists in the cuffs. She backed up  until she felt the rough bark
of the tree against her shoulders. Backing up against the tree  she pushed the
first cuff closed. With a soft, morbid click it closed. She paused for several 
moments and then pressed again. A shiver ran up her spine as she heard the
second  click.

Sharon was becoming seriously worried. The last instruction was for her to be
ready and  waiting by 8 am. She had forgotten to check her watch before she
bound herself, but by  her reckoning there could not have been more than a half
an hour left until that time. That  meant that he should have been there ages
ago. At first she had just sat there, waiting.  After a while she became bored
and she kept herself busy by testing the restraints. She  was truly and
thoroughly bound, with not the slightest hope of escape. After a while she  had
even calmed down enough to start fantasizing. She daydeamt of being rescued by a 
big handsome ranger. Finding her bound and gagged in the middle of nowhere he
would  drag her off to his cabin where he would make love to her until she could
stand it no more.  Or maybe he would decide not to free her immediately, but
keep her tethered to the tree,  all the while fucking her brains out. Realizing
that she was just torturing herself she de- cided to think about something else.
But her body would not be put of so easily. Her back- side was aching from the
long sit and she rolled over onto her side. She could feel the wet  slickness of
her pussy, and the foreign object within. Lying on her side she tried to ignore 
the sensation but the movement had made her aware of the steady pull of the wire
at- tached to her back. It got her going again and she groaned in frustration.
Finally she had  managed to doze for a bit. She woke with a start and tried to
sit up. For a moment she  panicked in confusion and then the memory of the
morning came flooding back.

Relaxing she tried to roll onto her back but the huge clasps and wire made that
uncom- fortable. With difficulty she managed to sit up and lean against the
tree. She was now  certain that he was late, it would be well into the afternoon
by now. She listened intently  for any sound of him, but all that she could hear
was the slight breeze rustling the leaves  in the tree. She was just about to
doze off again when a loud beeping sound frightened  the shit out of her. It
sounded like an electronic watch alarm. She hardly had time to think  when it
stopped and a whirring sound took it's place. The next moment something was 
slowly pulling her backwards. In a blind panic she tried to get away, but it was
futile. She  was ever so slowly being dragged across the ground! She struggled
with all her might but  it was no use. After a moment she remembered where she
was and she realized that the  cable was being reeled in. For a moment she
calmed down and then she realized she  would be dragged into full view of the
road. The thought was so horrifying she fell into an- other panic and she again
tried to get away. She could feel herself being dragged around  the trunk of the
tree, the rough bark scarping against her skin. She kicked and screamed,  but
the gag made her sound like a little kitten mewing in the dark. She tried to
roll away,  but like a fish on a hook she could just move sideways. At last she
realized that she must  now be in full view of the road. She struggled until she
was so tired she could just lie  there. Sobbing she could do nothing but be
dragged along.

At long last she could feel by the angle of the pull that she was now right
under the hook.  Slowly she was being hoisted upwards and she could hear the
pitch of the electric motor  change as it took the strain. It felt like hours
went by as she slowly rose inch by inch. She  managed to get her feet under her
and stood up. Realizing that there was nothing she  could do to resist she just
waited for the machine to whine away. After what felt like an- other eternity
she felt the harness starting bite into her fork as it was pulled upwards. Soon 
she was dangling from the end of the wire with only her toes touching the
ground, and  then it was gone. She felt herself twist slowly around as she
dangled at the end of the  wire. She was still being hoisted upwards and as the
time passed her mind began playing  tricks on her. She felt certain she had
reached the end of the cable, but it just kept on go- ing. She started thinking
that somebody had repositioned the hook in a higher branch  while she had been
sleeping, and that she was now dangling yards above the ground.  She could just
not believe how long the motor kept going, and she was about to think she  was
going crazy when it suddenly stopped. Dangling in the wind she listened to the
sud- den and deafening silence. She calmed down and tried hard not to think of
the road. In- stead she tried to analyze her predicament. She was hanging from a
wire in the middle of  nowhere. She was gagged and bound and utterly helpless.
She had no food or water and  no idea as to what would happen next. She did not
even know if she would ever come  down from this tree again. All she could do
was hang there. Sharon realized that the posi- tion of the hook on the harness
had her slumped over forwards. Like a old man with a  cane she was bending
forward in a bow. She could feel the tight pressure as her weight  bore down on
the small section of flesh between her legs. Although some weight was be- ing
carried by the strap around her waist, most was carried by her fork. Sharon also
no- ticed that despite all the weight on that section of the suit she could
still not feel any pres- sure on her mound, instead the pressure was being
transmitted to the flesh on either side.  Tired and worn out she dropped her
head. Soon she was dozing again.




Chapter X

Anette sits down on the bed and casually places her hand on Sharon's stomach.
"So my  pet, you comfy?" she asks, a faint smile playing around the corners of
her mouth. She  knew that Sharon was everything but comfortable. The leather
straps around her ankles  and wrists were biting deep into her flesh, almost
blocking the circulation. The corset  around her waist was terribly tight,
restricting her breathing to quick, shallow gasps. A in- flatable gag was
filling her mouth to it's absolute capacity, her cheeks bulging out from the 
pressure. She twists and turns her wrists above her head where they were bound
to the  bed. Despite the discomfort her nipples and sex throbs in anticipation.
Anette bends down  and circles Sharon's nipple with her tongue. Reacting to
Sharon's moans she raises her  head and smiles sweetly at her captive. "You
like?" she asks playfully before lifting herself  off the bed. With Sharon
moaning and squirming in frustration she disappears through the  door. For
several minutes she leaves Sharon alone and by the time she returns Sharon is 
almost crying with frustration. Anette places something next to the bed and
seats herself  between Sharon's open legs. Without saying a word she reaches
down and lifts some- thing off the floor. With a mischievous smile she shows a
bottle to Sharon. "Want some  honey, honey?" she asks as she pours the sticky
fluid over Sharon's breasts. She bends  down and slowly licks the honey up with
her tongue. The treatment is driving Sharon wild  and she squirms and twists her
whole body. With her eyes closed she doesn't notice that  Anette has moved and
her whole body spasms as a tongue suddenly licks her slit. She  tries to spread
her legs even further but the bondage has her limbs pulled as tight as bow-
strings. Anette expertly flicks her tongue in and out of her sex, every movement
driving her  further and further out of control. For a moment Anette pauses
before she plunges her  whole face into Sharon's crotch. The tip of her tongue
finds Sharon's clit, driving her  moaning over the edge.

Sharon slowly woke to the sound of crickets in the grass. Again she panicked as
she dis- covered she was bound but she soon woke completely and calmed down. The
pressure  on her fork has grown and she was now really aching. Twisting and
turning she tried to  alleviate some of the pressure, but the movement only
aggravated the throbbing. She was  stiff and sore from hanging in the same
position the whole day. She moved as much as  she could to get the circulation
going, but it was hopeless. Sighing deeply through her  nose she tried to doze
off again, but a sharp pain in her neck told her that it would be im- possible.
She tried to stretch her neck by pushing her head backwards, but the cable 
blocked her way. She was just about to start struggling again when she heard a
twig snap.  For minutes she just hung there, not daring to even breathe. She had
just calmed down  again when a faint touch to the sole of her foot almost killed
her with fright. She screamed  into the gag and jerked her legs upwards while
struggled to get loose. She twisted and  turned like a trout on a hook, but her
tortured body was too tired to struggle for long.  Moaning in fear she felt her
legs slowly extend as tired muscles gave up the fight. At long  last she was
again hanging as before. She felt sure it had been some sort of animal that  had
touched her, and images of bears and wolves kept flashing through her mind. She 
strained to listen for any other signs of life, but there was none. Shivering in
fear she  waited for the claws to rip at her flesh, but nothing happened. After
a age of nervous wait- ing her head slowly tipped forward as she relaxed. Just
as she felt safe something  touched the back of her knee. Again she screamed and
fought, and again nothing hap- pened. Sharon felt relief flood through her body
as she realized that it had to be a branch  or something touching her. She was
giggling in relief when two strong hands suddenly  grabbed hold of her ankles.

Sharon hung in tired surrender, drawing gulps of air through her nose. After a
long and  valiant struggle the hands still had a firm hold of her legs. He was
just standing there  holding on to them, not moving a muscle. At last she calmed
down and her breathing be- came easier. She felt a hot hand slowly and tenderly
slide up her left leg. Forcing herself  to stay calm she waited to see what
would happen next. With one hand holding her legs  still he slowly slid the
other in between her thighs. She clenched her thighs in fear and the  hand
froze. Forcing herself to relax she felt her muscles loosen their grip and his
hand  roamed further. Slowly he stroked and squeezed his way up her thigh until
he cupped her  mound in his palm. She felt herself responding to his roaming
hand and she cursed at the  suit that would not allow her to feel his touch. All
she could feel was the gentle pressure of  his fingers on the insides of her
thighs, no sensation of touch was transmitted to her  mound. Slowly he stroked
the flesh on either side of her sex. She was soon moaning into  the gag in
desperation and desire. Still unable to do anything she almost cried when he 
removed his hands. Twisting and turning she struggled against her bonds.
Thrusting her  hips forwards into the air she tried to entice him into touching
her again. A small voice in  her head was screaming it's rage at her for being
so easily manipulated, but it was fighting  a losing battle against pure lust
and instinct that had taken over. Soon it was just a distant  echo that was
drowned out by the rushing sound of red-hot blood pumping through her  veins.
Gently he took hold of her leg again. He was now standing behind her, his hand 
holding onto her bound ankles. His other hand slowly and deliciously slid up the
back of  her left leg. Cupping her knee in his hand he stroked the sensitive
skin behind her knee  with his thumb. Suddenly she could feel his hot breath on
her skin as he kissed and licked  the back of her other knee. The treatment was
delicious torture and she moaned deep  husky moans through her nose. Both his
hands slid up the back of her legs and took hold  of her buns. Gently rubbing
and squeezing her arse he slowly drove her to madness. He  slid two fingers down
her crack, one on either side of the rod. Slowly and rhythmically he  began
working his fingers up and down the rod, each time coming closer to pushing his 
fingers through to the other side. Sharon no longer had any control over her
body and as  instinct took over she slowly began rocking her pelvis forwards and
backwards. She could  feel a enormous orgasm begin to build in her body and she
started rocking faster. Just as  she was about to plunge over the edge he
withdrew his hands and the orgasm subsided.  Screaming in frustration and anger
she twisted and turned to get some sensation going,  but it was too late. Once
again she could just hang there, the blood in her pussy and nip- ples pounding
away. When she had cooled down enough he again took hold of her. This  time he
was standing in front of her, his hands reaching around her hips and holding
onto  her butt. Slowly he started stroking her butt in small rhythmic circles.
The circles slowly  grew larger, all the while driving her mad. Grabbing hold of
her hip bones he held her  steady while he drove his face into her thighs. She
could feel his hot tongue licking and  teasing every inch of sensitive flesh
that was not covered by the suit. Soon she was again  squirming as the orgasm
built up, and again he abandoned her just before she could  come. Sharon
realized that he was not going to allow her to orgasm and she bit hard on  the
rubber gag in frustration. She was still cursing her captor when he started
again. This  time he placed both palms on her thighs. Slowly he worked his way
upwards until he was  stroking her sides. The delicious feel of his hands
stroking her waist was bitter-sweet as  she realized she was being teased into
madness. Again he drove her to the edge, and  again he yanked her back.

For what felt like hours Sharon was tortured in this way. She tried desperately
to deceive  him into sending her over the edge by holding back. Each time her
body would betray her  and she would start squirming and moaning - and each time
he would back away. Finally  she now longer tried to fight, but merely let him
do with her what he would. He tortured her  a few more times and then suddenly,
inexplicably he left her alone. Sharon grew desper- ate as she realized he had
gone and she had not once been allowed to come. Her whole  body was aching with
desire and unfulfilled need, and she could do nothing about it.  Squirming and
twisting she begged him to come back, but the gag prevented her from  making any
recognizable sound. After a long time she gave up the struggle. Suddenly she 
felt a hot breath in her neck and his arms encircled her waist from behind. "Do
you want to  come?" he whispered into her ear. Crying tears of shame and desire
she nodded her head  yes. "Do you surrender to my will?" he asked. Again she
nodded yes. "Then listen closely.  You are my possession and I do with you what
I want. Your body and mind belongs to me.  You will never again orgasm without
my wishing you to. As with your body your mind will  be mine and I demand
complete control. Do you understand?" Again she nodded yes.  "Very well." he
said and let go of her. For a second she thought he had left her and she  was
about to panic when her nipples were stimulated by the suit. She arched her
chest  outward at the unexpected sensation, trying to press them harder against
the brushes.  Suddenly he was there, grabbing her from the front and circling
his hands around her  waist. He pressed his body tight against hers and she felt
the vibrator in her pussy slowly  come to life. She hardly had time to register
what was happening when the first orgasm  took her.

Sharon slowly and reluctantly woke up. She had no idea how long she had slept,
and what  time it was now. Her whole body was aching and she struggled to get
some circulation  going. Her nipples and sex were still pounding with blood and
she knew she would be very  tender for a few days to come. Swinging slowly in
the cool breeze she thought back over  the experience. The first orgasm had been
like a volcano and a nuclear explosion com- bined. She had never lost control in
such a complete manner. Her mind had been swept  away as her senses took over.
Being bound and unable to see had left her free of any  distractions. She had
been caught in a world of sensations completely made of touch. No  other sense
could penetrate this world and thus the sensation of orgasm was made so  much
stronger. She could still remember his roaming hands, then gentle, then rough.
He  had skillfully coached her into such a state that she was nothing more than
a sexual ma- chine longing for pleasure with every fiber of her being. She knew
she would easily have  come without the aid of the nipple brushes or the dildo.
She still marveled at the strange  device in her pussy. Usually it was thin and
unobtrusive. Although she could never quite  forget of it's existence, it was
not big enough to demand constant attention or discomfort.  But when he turned
it on it slowly grew as if by magic. As it grew it would twist and turn, 
stimulating her vaginal walls with small rubber ribs. It would also start moving
in and out,  doubling the pleasure and sensation. Sharon had never experienced
anything similar to  the device and she would have loved to know how it worked.
Her only regret was that it  did not stimulate her clitoris. In all the time
that she'd been wearing the suit her clit had not  once been touched. After her
last experience she shuddered to think what her captor  could do to her if he
ever had access to her clit. She realized that she was working herself  into a
state again and she concentrated hard not to think about it, but blind and bound
it  was impossible to flee her throbbing body. Despite all her efforts to
distract herself she  was soon ready for more and she moaned into the gag. The
steady throbbing in her sex  grew faster as her heart rate increased at the
arousal. Soon she was lost in a world of de- sire that would drive her off her
mind.

The hours dragged by with only her dreams and body for company. The torture of
being  left to confront your own body was unbearable and she knew she would
never be the  same again. In all that time the only distraction had been a brief
moment she had taken to  urinate. As the warm fluid ran down her leg she snarled
in disgust, but there was no way  around it. After she had done she could smell
the musky odor of sex that had been  flushed out with the urine. It even made
matters worse. She was assailed from all sides  with sensations. The pain and
throbbing where the suit pressed into her fork. The ache of  sore muscles and
tendons that had been kept immobile for hours. The burning thirst in her  throat
and of course the throbbing of her sex. Sharon could feel the beginnings of a
dark  despair that threatened to engulf her mind. What if he'd left again. What
if he's not coming  back? What if some wild animal finds me here? Surely he has
to be here, he has to unlock  the cuffs. She suddenly felt something touch her
toe. Hoping that he was about to arouse  her again she kept perfectly still.
Relief flooded over her whole being as she realized she  was touching the
ground. Slowly her body was being lowered to the ground and soon she  could
stand with her feet flat on the ground. The cable was extending slowly and it
took a  long time before she could feel the weight on the harness lessen. Her
tortured limbs  screamed in pain as she tried to support herself and her legs
gave way under her. After  several more eternity's she was finally able to sit
down on her haunches. But now she  faced a new problem. With the weight removed
from the harness the blood was rushing  back to her fork and the pain was
excruciating. Sobbing in relief and pain she waited for  the worst to pass
before she tried stand again. Her legs were still to weak to support her  and
fell down again. She moved as far as the cable would allow from the puddle of
urine  in the sand and lay down. She was still bound and helpless and could only
wait for her  tormentor to come and release her.

She was carefully listening for the sound of his approach when the cuffs
suddenly clicked  in unison and released her. Very surprised she withdrew her
hands from the cuffs and  rubbed her wrists. Her elbows and shoulders were
aching painfully at the movement and  her hands shook as she slowly removed the
gag. It took several minutes of painful blinking  before she could get used to
the bright sunlight streaming through her eyelids. Finally she  was used to the
light and she looked at her watch. It was 8 am on Sunday morning, ex- actly 24
hours since her ordeal had begun. She painfully worked her stiff jaw as she re-
moved the cuffs around her ankles. Slowly she crawled back to the shelter of the
tree and  away from they road. Grabbing a water bottle she drank hard and deep
on the clear fluid.  She almost retched most of it up again because she had
drunk to much, but she managed  to keep it down. Ignoring the uncomfortable
pressure of the clasp in her back she leaned  against the tree and relaxed for a
while.




Chapter XI

Sharon sat on the tree stump and waited for the dawn to arrive. She crossed her
legs and  got another fright as the links of the chain made a loud noise in the
quiet night air. She  looked down at her ankle and gave a quiet curse. Her leg
was bound in a large iron  manacle, the manacle attached to a heavy iron chain.
The five feet of chain ran from her  ankle to the tree stump where it was bound
by a tight iron band to the stump. The parish  priest had accused her of using
witchcraft to seduce the village boys and this was her  penance. He'd actually
wanted her burnt at the stake but the village chief had put his foot  down. Not
even the priest would tangle with old Olaf when he'd made his mind up. Instead 
she'd been sentenced to the relatively mild punishment of being bound to the
stump, next  to the road. She was to spend a whole day and a whole night bound
and then she would  be released. According to the custom any man that passed her
by could do with her as he  fancied, but it was the middle of winter and no sane
person would use the road to get  through the frozen mountain pass. A few of the
village crones had thrown rotten fruit at her  on their way back from gathering
firewood, but that had been the worst of her suffering. It  was almost dawn and
she knew that soon she'd be released unharmed. It was bitterly cold  but she was
wearing practically her whole wardrobe so she didn't suffer too much. At first 
she thought her ears were playing tricks with her but as the noise increased she
grew  certain she was not mistaken. She could hear the lazy clip-clop of a horse
as it slowly  came down the road. Suddenly she was very nervous and afraid. The
old folk told all  manner of stories about strange beasts and ghosts that
inhabited the night. She stood up  and tried to get as far away from the stump
as the chain allowed. She could not reach the  edge of the road but she could
get to the darker shadows of a tree and she stood deadly  quiet. Her legs were
shaking as she tried to peer through the mist, and at last she could  make out
the sight of the black horse walking down the path. It carried a tall black
shape  on it's back and she tried her best to make out what it was. The horse
kept on coming and  soon it was next to the stump. She had just convinced
herself that it would pass her by  when it suddenly stopped, it's nostrils
blowing wasps of steam in the frigid air. She stood  as still as a statue,
willing the horse to move on. Suddenly the shape on it's back moved  and she
tried take a step back in fright. The noise from the chain sounded like a
hundred  church bells ringing and she realized she'd been discovered. In a blind
panic she turned  around and tried to run for the woods but the chain tripped
her up. Screaming bloody blue  murder she clawed at the ground as she tried to
crawl away. After several minutes of blind  panic she managed to get a hold of
herself and she looked back. A man in a long black  coat was seated on the stump
and was watching her intently. She turned over and sat on  the ground, staring
back nervously. "Good morn m'lady." he said. She could not see his  face under
the cowl but the voice sounded mischievous. "Good morn sir" she replied, 
cursing her quivering voice. Again the chain tinkled as she tried to draw her
legs up to her  body. "And pray tell what is a beautiful damsel doing bound to a
stump?" he asked. "Per- haps she had not been too much of a lady after all?" he
continued. "Perhaps she has  powerful enemies that don't like to hear no." she
replied curtly. "Hmm" he said, not quite  believing her. He bent down and took
hold of the chain. Despite her maidenly protests she  was soon reeled in and
seated right in front of him. He grabbed hold of her hands and  drew her to her
feet. She barely had time to protest and the next moment was seated on  his lap.
She wanted to ask him to stop but the moment she opened her mouth his warm  lips
met hers, stifling her protests. She let out a quivering little moan and melted
into his  arms. With her eyes closed she felt his hand probe in under her
several coats and take  hold of her breast. Suddenly she realized that she'd
neglected to breathe and she drew  back, taking big gulps of air. For a moment
everything swam before her but his hands was  quickly bringing her back to the
present. She tried to see his face but the cowl still hid it  from view. This
time she kissed him and while his hands roamed she took the opportunity  to draw
the cowl away from his head. Her eyes grew large and she tried to scream but his 
mouth was covering hers. She started fighting but he had her in a firm grip. As
she slowly  lost consciousness all she could see was the two deep empty sockets
where his eyes  ought to be. The last thing she remembered were the two small
pinpoints of red light be- hind the empty sockets, lights that were an eternity
away.

Sharon lay in the bath and soaked. It had been a month since her ordeal on the
mountain  and she had not heard from him again. She thought back to the
adventure and her hands  snuck down to her sex. After she had managed to free
herself from the harness and cable  she had dressed herself and rested. She had
discovered another letter that instructed her  to retrieve all the equipment she
had brought with her and to return home. Climbing into  the tree had been
torture, but she finally managed to collect the cable. Climbing down the 
mountain had been just as tough but it was downhill so she had managed. It had
taken  almost a week for all the aches and pains to disappear.

A few days later she received another set of instructions via e-mail.
From:	Nobody@anonymous.net
Subj:	New instructions

	You will shortly receive another parcel.
	This Friday evening you are to go to the club at the corner of 10th and Main.
	You are to arrive before 10PM.
	You are not to leave before 2AM.
	You are to wear only the garments included in the latest parcel.
	You are to dance with any and every person that asks you.
	You are to accept every drink offered to you.

As she re-read the instructions a tight knot formed in her stomach. She had
deliberately  been avoiding contact with other people, what if they felt the
hard suit under her clothes?  Now she was instructed to do exactly the opposite.
And what garments would the parcel  contain? With a worried heart she set about
getting ready for bed. Soon she was sound  asleep, her body bound in it's usual
bondage.

Sharon walked to her bed and placed the parcel on it. It was Friday evening and
she'd  been hoping the legendary poor service of the postal service would come
to her rescue.  Instead they had waited to the last moment to send her the
parcel. Seating herself next to  it she opened the nondescript parcel and lifted
the lid. The first garment she removed was  a wine-red leotard, made from
cotton. It seemed normal in every way so she moved on.  Next was a small leather
skirt. It too was normal so she moved on. Next came a broad red  garter belt,
also made of leather. Besides being broad and stiff she could find nothing 
ominous about it so she continued. Finally there was a pair of pumps with a
stocking in  each one. The pumps were pitch black and had 4" heels. She felt
around inside the shoes  but other than the stockings there was nothing else to
discover. For the first time her 'gift'  contained nothing to do with bondage.
She had to admit it wasn't the kind of clothes she  would buy for herself but
there was nothing strange about them. It was already 6PM and  with a resigned
sigh she got ready.

Sharon sat in front of the dresser and applied the last touches to her make-up.
As per her  earlier instructions she wore no clothes but the suit. She was
already extremely nervous  and exited and as she leaned back she noticed the
suit in the mirror. It's glimmering sur- face was a constant reminder of her
predicament. As before her fear made her both jumpy  and horny. She stroked her
hard breast and wished the nipple brushes would come alive  for a few moments.
Realizing that she was getting herself worked up she stood up and  walked to the
bed. For a few moments she was unsure of which garment to put on first,  the
leotard or the garter belt? The belt had big metal buckles at the back and she
decided  that it would look strange when worn under another garment. Stepping
into the leotard she  pulled it up to her neck. She'd no inspected it properly
and only now discovered the plastic  wings around the seams. As with her bathing
costume it was meant to tuck in under the  suit, hiding it from view. She used a
old coat hanger to pull the zip up her back. The leo- tard was tight but did not
reveal any part of the suit. Next she put on the garter belt. Only  when she
wore it did she realize that it was actually a small corselette. Although it
could  not clench her waist any tighter than what the suit already did, it did
create the visual ef- fect of a clenched waist. Next she squeezed into the tight
skirt. It was a tight fit over the  garters and she battled to get it on. For a
while she struggled with the zipper but finally got  that done as well. The
stockings were shiny black with a thin black stripe up the back. She  attached
them to the garters and was not at all surprised to see that most of the
stockings  lip would stick out from under the skirt. Finally she stepped into
the shoes and walked up  to the mirror. Sharon looked herself over and groaned.
She looked like a slut. The garters  stuck out well above the skirt and the
tight leotard revealed every curve. No doubt she'd  be drawing a lot of
attention tonight.

Sharon got out of the taxi and paid the driver. She was very nervous and looked
around  carefully. This part of town was quite rough and she felt very
vulnerable. She walked over  to the corner and looked for the club. At first she
couldn't find it but then she saw a ancient  bronze plaque showing the entrance
to "The Chain Link" The plaque was set on a heavy  door between a grocer and a
pharmacy. She pushed the door open and tentatively walked  in. On the other side
of the door was a long, dark passageway ending in a stairwell. If it  hadn't
been for the music coming from the stairs she would have thought the place was 
deserted. She looked at her watch, she had eight more minutes before she had to
be in- side the club. Taking a deep breath she walked down the passageway and up
the stairs.

Sharon's mouth hung open as she looked the place over. The place seemed to have
got- ten stuck in the 70's, complete with old posters and flashing blue disco
lights. The voice of  Aretha Franklin was mournful singing about lost love and
broken hearts. A big bouncer  came over and introduced himself. "Hi, my name's
Jake. What'll it be tonight, leash or  collar?" for a second she just blinked at
him in confusion. "What?" she asked. He smiled at  her and opened a closet. On
the one side were several kinds of cheap metal leashes, on  the other collars.
He turned back to her. "I take it this is your first time here. Can I explain 
the rules?" he asked. She just nodded yes, to shocked to open her mouth. "This
is a  bondage club" he started and it was obvious he knew the speech by heart.
"When you go  in you become either a sub or a dom. Dom's are recognized by their
leashes and subs by  their collars. If a dom really likes a sub he or she may
ask the sub to wear their leash and  if the sub agrees they become a pair. A sub
may not approach or bother a dom, but then  again there's usually many more
dom's than subs so you won't be lonely. Although the  place is geared to bondage
it is not a sex bar so if you feel like having sex in public try two  block
down. No dom may force him or herself on a sub, the idea here is mutual consent. 
The closing time is usually about five AM and if you choose to be a sub your
first two  drinks are free. All equipment is to be returned when you leave." He
turned back to the  closet "So? Leash or collar?". This was all happening too
fast! Did he just say Bondage  Bar? Shit! She was to spend the whole evening in
a BONDAGE BAR! Sharon noticed the  bouncer watching her expectantly. "Uhm .. hmm
.. Leash? No no I meant collar" She said  while trying to keep a straight face.
A small shock had gone through her system as soon  as she'd said leash. Oh hell!
He has to be close by to have heard her answer. She looked  around frantically
but with the noise and music it's unlikely anybody could have heard her  speak.
She looked back at the bouncer suspiciously, could it be him? What kind of nut 
makes his living from a bondage bar anyway? "Hope you enjoy the evening ma'am.
Just  shout if somebody is bothering you." he said as he handed her the collar.
"Can't be him"  she thought. "There's no way somebody with his sloping forehead
could have thought up  the suit".

Sharon sat down in a dark corner and played with the collar. Suddenly another
jolt re- minded her that it was meant to be worn, not played with under the
table. With her hands  shaking nervously she put it on and looked around. How
could he have heard her speak- ing to the bouncer? A cold chill ran down her
back. Fuckfuckfuckfuck - he had her wired  the Bastard! It made such perfect
sense! What better way to keep tabs on her than to lis- ten in on her
conversations. She hammered her forehead with her fist. You silly bitch! Why 
didn't she think of it earlier. The second jolt meant he was watching as well as
listening.  She started scanning the crown intently. Her discomfort grew as she
realized that there  were a great deal more men than women in the place.
Suddenly a guy walked over and  sat down across from her. "Hey gorgeous, you
new?' he asked. Sharon immediately dis- liked him. Besides the open shirt and
slick oily hair he had a cocky, arrogant attitude.  "Uhuh" she said, looking
away. "Wanna dance?" he asked, sliding over to her side.  Sharon tried to draw
away as he placed his arm around his shoulder. The alcohol fumes  coming from
him made her nauseous. "No way, just leave - uhm on second thought, yeah  ok."
she replied, suddenly remembering the instructions. "Great! I just know you and
I are  going to be a hit." her suitor replied, his big grin giving her a
splendid view of the missing  teeth in his jaw.

Sharon sat down on the toilet and leaned her head back. The whole cubicle was
spinning  and she had to try her best not to giggle. "Good lord, what a night!"
she said out loud. She  had another hour to go and didn't think she would make
it. She had not had one chance to  rest her aching feet the whole evening. As
soon as they caught on that she'd never say no  to a dance the men had bombarded
her with requests. Some arsehole had even tried to  slip his leash onto her
collar without her noticing. She smiled at the memory, apparently  Jake had been
keeping an eye on her. The poor sod wouldn't be using his hand for a  while,
Jake had seen to that. At first she'd been so nervous she'd tried to dance as
far  away from her partners as possible. But soon the alcohol had made her
careless and  she'd bounced off a few chests. The quizzical looks and raised
eyebrows had been almost  comical to watch. Her explanation of 'my new wonder
bra - giggle giggle' had been  enough to satisfy most of them. One guy had
speculated that she might be wearing a  strange bondage garment but she'd
refused to comment. Pretty soon she'd become the  property of a little group of
guys, all of them nice blokes. Heck, two of them was doctors  for heavens sake!
They'd done a good job of keeping the weirdo's away and pretty soon  she'd felt
as comfortable as could be expected. The night was turning out to be almost 
enjoyable. She'd not realized how ostracized she'd been becoming and it felt
good so so- cialize a bit. Even if it was with a bunch of weirdo's and perverts.

Sharon walked back into the crowd and searched for her little group of admirers.
They had  disappeared and she started to grow nervous. Suddenly a hand touched
her elbow and  she twirled around. A tall dark man had been behind her and he
looked her up and down.  "Care to dance?" he simply said, not even introducing
himself. She nodded wordlessly, his  dark eyes keeping her spellbound. He gently
took her around the waist and pulled her  close. His eyes revealed nothing as
her hard breasts pressed into his chest. They floated  over the floor of to the
slow, mournful sounds of Kenny Rodger's voice. One of her guys  had spotted them
but he also noted her partner's height and he quickly backed off. "Oh-
mygodohmygod! It's Him. It has to be! He didn't even blink when our chests met!"
she  thought. She held on to his broad, muscular chest as he expertly led her
around the floor.  "What am I gonna do! This is him! Sharon this is him!
Ohshitohshit oh shit please let this  be him!" The thought came so suddenly she
lost a step in shock. Slowly Kenny wound it  down and they finally stopped. He
simply stepped back, gave a little bow and disappeared  into the crowd. By the
time she'd regained her senses he'd disappeared completely.




Chapter XII

She stormed out the door and into the cold night. For a moment she panicked when
she  couldn't find him, but then she caught a glimpse of him rounding a corner.
She shouted for  him to stop and ran after him. She rounded the corner just in
time to see him disappear  down a dark alley. She ran to the mouth of the alley
and hesitated. She couldn't see a  thing and this was a bad part of town after
all. For several moments she walked in little  circles in front of the alley,
frustration and fear fighting with curiosity and arousal. Finally  arousal won
out and she stepped into the alley. It took a few moments for her eyes to ad-
just before she could go on. There was no longer any sign of him and she had to
be  careful not to fall over the crates and rubbish. The alley ran into another
alley, then an- other and then another. Pretty soon she was completely
disorientated and with a start she  realized that she was lost. Her lust quickly
fled to a safer corner of her mind and fear took  it's place. Frantically she
searched for a way back to the street but every dark corner re- vealed another
alley. She started crying and shivering and pretty soon she was running  around,
convinced that the street had to be just around the next corner. She ended up in
a  dead end and she leaned against the rough bricks that blocked her way. She
was still  sobbing into her arms when she suddenly heard the sound of a zippo
being lighted. She  flung herself around and saw a tall dark shape standing in
the middle of the alley. He lit a  cigarette and relief flooded through her body
as she recognized his face in the flickering  light of the zippo. Lust returned
and started a boxing match with fear. She leaned back  against the wall and
tried to look sultry but fear was not yet defeated and the effect was a  bit
spoilt by her knees knocking against each other. His shoes crunched loudly over
the  broken glass in the alley as he walked up to her. He sat down on a crate
next to her and  looked her over. "This is not a good place for ladies to hang
around." he simply said and  took another drag from his cigarette. "Why didn't
you wait?" she asked, "I wanted to speak  to you." He reached out and drew her
to him. "Hmm" he said. "What do you mean  'hmmm'. Couldn't you have wa...." she
said only to be cut off by his lips meeting hers.  "Mhgh hmpf yng?" she said
after they'd kissed for a while. "Hmm?" he said, coming up for  air. "I said,
who are you?" she replied. "Don't you know?" he replied, his voice sounding 
mischievous. "If you are who I think you are, and you'd better be him, then
you'd damn  well wish you weren't who I think you are because I'm very angry at
him that I think you  are." "?" he said. Damn! His eyes seemed to be doing
something to her tongue. "I mean, I  you're hmf mff ymmfm..." she said as he
kissed her again. He lifted her into his arms and  carried her over to an old
mattress lying forgotten in the corner. The effect would have  been spoilt by
the smell of booze and urine rising from the mattress, but she was no  longer in
any state to care about what her nose thought. He tore the clothes from her 
body, the thick garter belt ripping loudly as his powerful arms ripped it to
shreds. He  leaned back and looked down on her glimmering body, a faint smile
playing around the  corner of his mouth. He removed a small device from his back
pocket and she realized  that it was a ordinary car remote. She started giggling
as he pressed the remote and her  suit bleeped back, just as if she was an
expensive car. The two domes over her breasts  and the dome over her sex popped
up and as he brushed them away her breasts spilled  out of the holes left by the
domes. She groaned as his hands found her breasts and for  the first time in
several months she felt warm human hands fondling her naked flesh. Sud- denly
she felt the hard head of his member pressing onto her sex and she gasped loudly 
as he rammed it home roughly. For a few seconds she stared up at the small
section of  stars between the tall buildings but soon her eyes glazed over and
lost focus completely.

Sharon woke slowly and groaned as the hang-over hit her full blast. Despite the
nausea  and headache she could still feel the lingering effects of the dream.
She rolled over on to  her side and stared at the shoes as they lay on the
floor. In her drunken state she'd for- gotten to remove the clothes and she was
still dressed in the leotard, mini skirt, garters  and stockings. She slowly and
carefully rose and walked to the window. The bright mid- morning sun was agony
to her eyes and she drew the blinds closed. She looked down at  her chest. "You
bastard, you know what I feel like?" she said hoping he was listening. She 
undressed, moaning as the movements caused pandemonium in her head. When she 
was done she did her ablutions and took a shower.

She sat staring at the kettle, not realizing that it had long since boiled and
switched off.  Her mind was elsewhere, re-living the events of the previous
evening. Despite looking like  a tart she'd enjoyed the evening. It was
flattering and pleasant to be the center of attention  and she smiled fondly as
she remembered her little group of admirers. Suddenly the door- bell rang and
with a jolt she remembered that she'd invited Anette over. Sharon had  thought
it was time to patch things up between them and she'd asked her to come over. 
She rushed to the bedroom, suddenly very aware that she was walking around in
only the  suit. She dressed in her usual T-shirt and jeans and went to open the
door.

To her surprise it wasn't Anette but a delivery boy. He was holding an enormous
bunch of  roses and she could almost not see his face. She signed for the roses
and carried them  into the kitchen. A thorough search for a card came up empty
and she sat staring at the  roses. Could this be from him? Immediately her mind
jumped back to the man she'd  danced with and a small thrill ran down her back.
She'd tried to follow him out of the club  but a sharp pain in her abdomen had
warned her that her time was not yet up. Suddenly  the dream returned and she
stroked her knees in frustrated arousal. For several seconds  she day-dreamt,
all the while getting herself into more and more of a state. The old  Sharon
would have been furious at him, after all he'd virtually made her his slave. She 
stood up and started arranging the flowers. What a change she'd gone through!
The suit  had forced her to admit to her submissive tendencies. She'd always
liked bondage games  but she could never trust anybody enough to let them into
her little secret. Not even Anette  knew of the strange kink in her personality.
Would she meet him again? What did he actu- ally want from her? All these
questions she'd carried for months and still she had no an- swers.

Anette arrived a little later and they chatted for a bit. There was an awkward
moment as  Sharon refused to hug her, but then Anette noticed the flowers and
she rushed to the  kitchen. "So - you DO have a lover. I thought it must be
that. So is he still a secret or are  you going to tell me about him?" Sharon
sat down on the couch and pretended to examine  her nails. She had the story all
worked out and decided to see how it fit. "His name's Mark.  I met him on the
internet. We've been together now for almost a year." She started. Anette  sat
down next to her and folded her legs in under her body. "We started in the usual
way,  chatting in one of the rooms...."

Sharon and Anette walked through the mall, doing window shopping. Anette had
swal- lowed the whole story hook line and sinker. Of course she wanted to meet
him but Sharon  explained that he was off to England on a three month contract.
They walked into a little  boutique and Sharon stood looking around while Anette
inspected the clothes. "So this is  what husbands feel like when their wives
take them shopping." she thought. Since her  adventure had started her choice in
clothing had been severely restricted. She stood  around and pretended to share
Anette's enthusiasm.

As Anette was browsing she happened to glimpse an interesting color and she
walked  over. Hidden amongst the other clothes was the most gorgeous garment
she'd ever seen.  It was made of two parts. The top part was a velvet bodysuit
with a high turtle neck and  open back. The teardrop opening at the back was cut
all the way down to the waist. It had  long, narrow sleeves that ran down to the
wrists. The color was so deep it looked red in  some places and black in other.
It reminded her of the sweet, dark color of a fine red port.  She sighed as she
held the wonderful fabric to her face. From the hips a long, narrow skirt  made
from dark red chiffon ran down to the floor. At the hips it was tight and dark
but it  gradually flared into wispy billows of translucent fabric around the
ankles. She sighed and  put it back in it's place.

Anette came over and removed the garment from the stand. "Jeesh Sharon - it's
gor- geous! Why don't you try it on?" She asked, draping the garment over her
arms to inspect  it. "Did you see the price?" she replied. Anette's eyes grew
large as she read the price tag.  "Holy Shit! $849.00 for a dress!" she said,
suddenly holding the dress as if it was made  from plutonium. "Are they out of
their minds? Who would buy a dress for that price?" She  held it up to Sharon's
chest and inspected it. "You have to admit though, it would look  spectacular.
It would go especially well with your new breasts." she said casually.

Sharon's heart jumped and for a moment she panicked. Anette turned around and
re- turned the dress to it's stand. "I was waiting for you to tell me about it
but I can't wait any  longer." she said over her shoulder. "Why did you have it
done? I didn't figure you as that  kind of person." she continued, "Besides,
you've always had a perfect figure."

Sharon smiled at the compliment as they stepped out of the boutique. "You'd
know,  wouldn't you." She replied, trying to buy some time to think something
up. Anette was  looking at her expectantly, refusing to have the subject
changed. "I didn't really decide to  have it done, it just sort of happened. I
was seeing a shrink about a bit of a problem I had,  sleepless nights and
depression and so on. He suggested I do a make-over, kind of re- invent myself
from the ground up. Maybe it was the depression or maybe it was the pills, I 
still don't know, but I decided to have my boobs done."

She grinned at Anette's shocked expression. "Yeah, that's exactly the face the
shrink  made. It wasn't what she'd had in mind either." "So why the secrecy? And
why are you so  distant all of a sudden? After all we'd been trough you suddenly
won't let me to within ten  yards of you." Anette asked, a bit of a whiny twang
creeping into her voice. They sat down  at a coffee shop and ordered tea.

"Well, there are a lot of reasons. When you first came to my house I'd just had
it done. I  was still groggy from the drugs and felt a bit out of it. That's why
I asked what day it was. I  was also very sore and the last thing I wanted was
to be touched." Anette nodded, ac- cepting the explanation. "Then when we fought
I thought you hated me." again she smiled  at Anette's accusing look. "I know it
was silly but remember I was pumped full of drugs. I  didn't tell the doctors I
was on anti-depressants and the combinations of drugs played  havoc with my
emotions. When I finally got off the drugs such a long time had passed I  didn't
know how to patch things up again." Anette nodded knowingly, still accepting the 
story as the gospel truth. "I know how you felt. There were several times I
wanted to come  over but I thought you were pissed at me for some reason. I
wasn't sure how to approach  you."

They sat in silence for a moment, recollecting the months that had passed
between them.  "And now, why are you still acting so strangely? It's clear you
still don't want me anywhere  near you. We don't have to do it you know, I'm
just a touchy feely kind of person. You  know that." For a few minutes Sharon
sat staring at her fingers, frantically searching for an  answer. "There were
complications with the operation." she finally said, not sure where  she was
heading. "I've had two more operations since the first one and I think there
will be  a few more to come. I'm still sore and will probably be quite
uncomfortable for some time  to come."

"Jesus Sharon, you're not going to lose them are you" Anette said, a shocked
expression  on her face. "I already have" she almost replied but she bit her
tongue just in time. "No, it's  not the breasts themselves. They found something
wrong with the blood vessels and tis- sue just above the rib-cage" she said. "I
don't quite understand it myself so don't ask me  what it is. All I know is that
they found it in time and they say they can fix it." "Jeesh, you  should have
called. You shouldn't go through this alone." Anette said, concern written all 
over her face. "Well, at about the same time I met Mark. He was a real help and
I leaned  on him a lot." She looked down at her breasts. Was he listening?
"Because of the opera- tions we couldn't do it. It was the most frustrating
thing I've ever gone through. I longed to  feel his hands on me. I wanted him so
bad I would have done it with stitches and all. I  wanted to feel him against
me, my hips pressing into his. But he refused, he said he would  feel too guilty
knowing that he's hurt me. All I wanted was to have him inside me for ever, 
holding on to him. I started dreaming of the day we'd finally get to do it. His
big hands  roaming over my body, his warm breath in my neck. I would walk around
the flat naked,  ready for him to come over. My breasts would throb so hard I'd
thought the stitches would  come loose. I'd lay in bed, touching and playing
with myself, saying his name over and  over again. I'd get wet every time he'd
just look at me, my legs quivering at his deep dark  eyes." Suddenly she was
back in the mall and she immediately blushed a deep crimson  red. Anette sat
with her mouth hanging open, her eyes blinking rapidly in shock. Sharon  gave an
embarrassed little giggle. "Suffice it to say we haven't gotten around to it
yet."




Chapter XIII

As his mouth found her nipple she closed her eyes and arched her back. "Oh
Leonardo,  oh, ooooh!" she whispered as he skillfully coaxed her to new heights.
She wriggled and  squirmed in the confined space as his tongue flicked
deliciously over her skin. The hot  musky odor of their combined sweat mingled
with the scent of lovemaking. Both his hands  groped her breasts as he kissed
and licked her under her chin and behind her ear. His  mouth found hers and
again they kissed passionately while his hands teased and coaxed  her nipples.
She giggled out the side of her mouth as they both tried to shed their clothes 
in the confined space. Feet, hands, elbows and knees were everywhere, dancing in
frantic  loops and circles to get rid of the garments that stood in their way.
Finally they lay bare  against each other, their hot skin burning with
excitement and desire.

Again she closed her eyes as they kissed and she could feel his hard cock rest
between  her thighs. While they were kissing his hand snuck down to her sex and
his fingers slid  into her crack. She gasped as he coaxed and teased her, his
fingers rubbing her clit.

When he was certain that she was ready he gently slid his member inside her,
filling her  completely. She gasped as he slowly started rocking and his
enormous manhood filled  every inch of her. At first they slowly rocked in union
but soon he increased the pace. Her  moans mingled with his grunts and they
became frantic. Finally the whole world was  shaking and moving as they both
came in an gigantic orgasm.

It took several minutes before she realized that the world hadn't stopped
shaking. Her  nails dug into the leather upholstery of the car as she tried to
steady herself. Leonardo's  tense body spoke volumes as she covered her ears in
an attempt to block the torturous  screaming of metal being torn apart. After an
eternity things seemed to calm down and  she opened her eyes. Leonardo was
frantically wiping the fog off the windows in an at- tempt to see outside. She
clung to his body, her eyes wide in fear. "W-What was that?"  she asked, his
wide eyes scaring her more than the sound and the shaking. "Shit - I think  we
hit an iceberg!" he replied and darted from the car.



Sharon walked down the sidewalk, lost in thought. It was still early on a
Saturday morning  and the streets were quiet. She was on her way to the corner
grocer to get some milk and  bread. Dressed casually in a thick brown jersey,
cream ski-pants and brown slacks she  folded her arms around her chest to keep
her hands warm.

As she reached an intersection she was suddenly surprised as her left nipple
came to life.  The brush over her nipple was slowly stimulating her, it's
bristles rubbing and teasing her  like a lover's tongue. It was so unexpected
that her legs immediately became weak with  shock and she had to lean against a
street lamp. As she hung on to the pole she tried to  look nonchalant as she
pressed her right wrist hard against her breast. She could already  feel her
body respond, her breathing coming faster and deeper.

She could not understand why only her left nipple were being stimulated but she
enjoyed it  thoroughly. Hoping that the stimulation would last long enough she
turned around to rush  to her home. She was very surprised when the stimulation
suddenly switched to her right  breast. She started walking briskly back to her
flat, but after a few yards the stimulation  stopped. She walked on for a while
in the hope that the it would return, but her suit was as  quiet as a grave.

Disappointed and frustrated she turned around to head back to the shop. Her
nipples were  both throbbing with desire and she instinctively rubbed her wrists
against the unyielding  surface of the suit. As she reached the intersection the
stimulation returned to her left nip- ple and again she turned around to flee
back to her room. Again it vanished as soon as  she had covered a few yards.
This time she walked all the way back to the entrance of her  building in the
hope that the stimulation would return, but it was in vain.

She stood outside her building for a while, but when nothing happened she set
out for the  shops again. As she reached the intersection her left nipple again
started buzzing. She  now realized that the stimulation only happened when she
stood at the intersection and  she paused for a while. What was so special about
this specific corner? She stood  around, trying to look as casual as one could
while having your nipple played with. She  turned to her left and suddenly both
her nipples were being stimulated. Gasping at the  wonderful sensation she
realized that she was being directed. Curious to test her theory  she turned
around and both nipples went quiet. Turning to her right her suspicions were 
confirmed as only her right nipple was being stimulated. She turned back down
the street  and again both nipples were being stimulated.

Sharon had walked two blocks and she was in heaven. Both her nipples were being 
steadily and relentlessly rubbed and she was so high she could come at any
moment. She  longed for the dildo to join in the fun, but she had to be content
with only her nipples  working. As was now the norm she'd become intensely aware
of the suit. Normally she  could go around and not even think about it, just
like she would any other piece of cloth- ing. But in situations like these she
grew aware of every inch of it's confining surface. She  could feel the hard
dome between her legs as her inner thighs rubbed over the smooth  polished
surface. She could feel the tight restriction around her waist, the pressure of
her  ribs pressing into the stiff gauze. She could feel the strip over her
spine, gently resisting  her body's motion as she walked. She could feel the
hard cups of the bra, cupping her  breasts like the firm hands of a lover. She
rolled her head and her neck rubbed against the  tight collar circling it. She
rolled and swayed her hips and her sex responded as the faint- est tremors of
movement were passed on to the dildo. Soon she realized that although  pleasant
she was not going to be able to come while walking. She spotted a bench and  sat
down, only to find that the stimulation immediately stopped.

As soon as she rose it returned and she continued on her way. She was floating
along on  a plateau of pleasure, her breasts sending a steady flow of
stimulation down her body.  She had to physically clinch her hands under her
arms to prevent them from roaming.

Suddenly the left nipple went quiet and she awoke from the erotic daze she'd
been in. She  looked around and realized that she was now standing halfway down
a city block. Won- dering what was going on she turned right towards the street.
The left nipple started up  again, but now both of them were buzzing very
slowly, just enough to keep her interested.  She walked forward, but as soon as
she started crossing the road the stimulation disap- peared. Turning around she
walked back to the sidewalk and looked around. Only then  did she notice the bus
stop.

Realizing what it meant she waited impatiently for the bus to arrive while the
suit slowly  drove her to pieces. She'd hoped that the chance to rest would
allow her to come, but the  slow pace of the brushes made sure she was only
simmering, not boiling.

After about fifteen minutes a bus arrived and she tried to board but as soon as
she  climbed onto the bus the stimulation stopped. What in heavens name was
going on? She  ignored the bus drivers exasperated look as she got off and as
soon as she got off the  sensation returned. She was confused and frustrated and
for a few minutes she stood  around looking impatient. When nothing happened she
sat down again, wishing with all  her being that the stimulation would increase
it slow pace. After a few more minutes an- other bus arrived and this time the
stimulation increased before it had even stopped. Her  legs weak with desire she
got eagerly on the bus and paid her fare. She walked to the  back of the
deserted bus and sat down. The stimulation had returned in full force and as 
she was seated she could sit back, close her eyes and give her nipples the
serious atten- tion they deserved. It was amazing how she could spend so long on
the brink of orgasm,  the final climax just beyond her grasp. Looking to see if
anyone was watching she slid her  hands underneath the jersey and stroked her
body. The smooth sensation of her hands  sliding over hard metal brought her
back to reality.

She was obviously being guided, but where and why? With a start she realized
that he'd  had to have been watching her in order to guide her along.
Frantically she searched out- side the bus for any sign of him, but nobody
seemed to be following the bus. The city was  coming alive and there was already
too many cars around for her to be able to spot any  single suspect. Realizing
that the effort was futile she gave it up and concentrated on her  predicament.

He was playing with her like a small boy playing with a remote controlled car.
With the  simple press of a button he could make her turn left or right, stop or
go. He had in effect  his very own walking breathing robot that would do
whatever he wanted. Sharon had to  admit that for the first time she was
participating willingly, nobody had forced her to follow  the directions. Was
she becoming so addicted to sex that she would do anything to be  stimulated?
Had she sold her soul to the devil? She wanted to tell herself no, but she 
could not bear the thought of getting up and leaving the bus. She knew the
moment she  got off the stimulation would stop.

While she'd been speculating the brushes had continued their devilish
stimulation and  suddenly she knew she was going to come. She clenched her jaw
and pushed her legs  out as it hit and waves of pleasure rolled over her body.
She could not stop a little growl  from escaping and she blushed a deep red as
the bus driver looked at her in his mirror.  Her sex was vigorously pumping the
silent dildo and she wished she could lay down to  enjoy the sensation. She
still had her hands under her arms and it took an enormous effort  not to let
them wander. Slowly the orgasm abated and she could relax her whole body.  She
sighed a deep, satisfied sigh and melted into the seat, all the while grinning
like a  Cheshire cat.

After a few seconds she noticed that the stimulation had not stopped and she
groaned as  she realized it could go on for the whole day. The weeks of
continuous stimulation was still  fresh in her memory and she was loathe to go
through that again. With her need satisfied  she played with the idea of getting
off the bus but soon her body convinced her that it was  ready for more.

Sharon sat staring out of the window, her jaw clenched so tight the muscles were
starting  to ache. Her whole body was shivering and her brow was covered with
sweat. In the three  quarters of an hour that she'd spent on the bus she'd come
twice and was well on her way  to her third. She longed to get off the bus but
every time she rose to get off she'd receive a  sharp shock in her abdomen.
Clearly only the beginning of her adventure had been vol- untary, from now on
there would be no turning back. She groaned as her tortured nipples  send
shockwaves through her body. How the hell did he know when she tried to get off 
the bus? She had the bus all to herself and yet every time she rose she'd be
shocked.  Could it be the bus driver? She immediately dismissed the idea, he was
a elderly man with  a bored look on his face. Clearly his joy came from his
grand-children, not his sex-life.

All of a sudden the tempo on her nipples changed. For two seconds one nipple
would be  stimulated, then two seconds of silence, then two seconds on the other
side and so on.  Clearly she was being signaled and for a moment she was
confused as to the meaning.  They were heading into town and she realized this
meant she had to get off. She rose and  this time she didn't get a shock.

Sharon stood looking as the bus pulled away and she shivered in the cold. She'd
been  dropped off near the docks and this was a bad part of town. Already she'd
drawn the at- tention of some scaly looking characters across the road. They
were probably pimps or  drug dealers and she blushed as they laughed and pointed
to her. Suddenly she was not  so happy to be wearing tight ski-pants or that the
suit made her breasts large enough to  be appreciated even under a baggy jersey.
Her right nipple came alive and she turned to  walk down the street. By the time
she'd walked half a block she was all worked up again  and her audience was
forgotten.

She leaned against a pole and almost cried in humiliation and anger. She'd been
walking  now for almost two hours and her feet was killing her. A shock warned
her that resting  wasn't allowed and she continued on her way. Every time she
tried to rest she'd be  shocked and she'd have to continue. If there had been a
purpose to her trek she could've  understood but she'd been zigzagging around
the city like a drunk aimlessly wandering  around. He was playing with her,
sending up and down the streets of the city in a endless  wander. It was
extremely humiliating and frustrating to feel like somebody's toy. The feel- ing
of impotence as she wandered without a clue as to where she was going really
stuck  in her throat. She had no choice but to obey and could do nothing to
resist. Besides, her  body had turned traitor.

She was on a raw edge of desire but her wanderings never ceased and she wasn't
al- lowed to come. Her sex was swollen and ready, her juices making the dildo
slick as she  rolled her hips in an attempt to get some friction going. Every
part of her throbbed with the  potent mix of exhaustion and arousal. She had
nothing to occupy her mind and images of  him standing around the corner, the
remote control in his hand, kept flashing through her  mind.

She'd wandered out of the bad part of town into the heart of the city. Twice
she'd passed  her office building as he led her on her drunken journey. All of a
sudden, as quickly as it  had arrived, the stimulation stopped. For several
seconds she stood around, looking lost  and confused. She let out a grateful
sigh and sat down on a nearby bench. Her feet and  legs were throbbing with the
abuse and she leaned back to rest. After a few minutes the  throbbing in her
feet gave way to a different kind of throbbing. She groaned a frustrated  groan
as she realized what was in store. Her body's needs had not been met and for the 
rest of the day it was going to keep on nagging her about it.

She looked around carefully to see if she'd missed anything but there was no
sign of what  she was to do next. She felt very confused. Her mind was ranting
and raving about the  humiliation of being led about like some dog on a leash,
but another, stranger part of her  was disappointed that the game was over. She
sighed, she knew herself well enough by  now to know which one of the voices
would come to her in the dark hours of the night  when she lay bound in her bed.
She stood up and hailed a taxi, she might as well go  home.

Sharon entered her apartment and cursed as she realized she'd forgotten to do
her shop- ping. She felt too tired to venture out again and she tossed the keys
onto the kitchen  counter. By now it was second nature to undress as soon as she
entered the apartment  and by the time she'd reached the bedroom the jersey was
already off and she was  reaching for the strap of her shoes. She froze in mid
pose, her mouth hanging open in  surprise. A large white box was sitting on her
bed, neatly bound with a broad red ribbon.  She forgot the shoe and looked
carefully around the empty apartment but she was alone.  She slowly walked to
the box, looking at it as if it would jump up and bite her. She gingerly  sat
down next to the box and pulled the bow open. Holding her breath she lifted the
lid off  and stared inside. It contained a dark red dress and with a start she
realized it was the  same dress that she and Anette had been admiring in the
boutique. Amazed she lifted it  out of the box and measured it over her body. It
was the right size and she quickly  stepped up to the mirror to look at herself.
The dress was even more attractive than what  she'd remembered and suddenly she
was eager to feel it on her body. She quickly got rid  of the shoes and ski pant
and was about to put the dress on when she realized how dirty  she was. A couple
of hours of walking had not been kind and she could feel her arms and  thighs
slide over the suit at those parts where it touched. It would be unthinkable to
ruin  the dress with her sweat and dirt and she quickly jumped into the shower.

Sharon stood next to the bed, her wet hair wrapped in a towel. While showering
she'd had  time to think about the implications of the unexpected delivery and
she came to a very  disturbing conclusion - her fate had been affected by more
than one person. Clearly the  same man could not have followed her about town
and break into the house at the same  time. That meant two or more people had
been involved all along. The thought made her  very nervous and for the first
time in several months she again felt truly threatened. To be  owned by one
person was personal and intimate, to have more people involved made her  truly a
toy. She sat down on the bed and quietly sobbed, the tears coming freely as she 
envisioned a group of men laughing and haggling over her fate.

After a while the tears dried and as has happened so many times before she could
only  sigh in surrender. If there had been anything she could've done she would
have done it  ages ago. Her inability to resist didn't make her burden any
easier, it just meant that she  had no choice. Again she sighed and decided it
was time to try out her present. It no  longer had the allure that it had
previously but she was still curious. She lifted it and for the  first time
looked at it's back. During her shower it had occurred to her that she might
never  be able to wear the garment, after all it's open back was hardly suitable
to be worn in pub- lic. She was therefore very relieved to see that it had been
slightly modified. The key-hole  back had been covered with two layers of
fabric. The outer layer was a gauzy fabric with  the same color as the body of
the dress. Underneath it was another fabric that had the  color of flesh. A
small black zipper ran up the spine and under the velvety collar. A few of  the
familiar plastic strips had been sewn in as well and she could confidently wear
the  dress in public without fear of being found out. She un-zipped the dress
and stepped in- side. As she pulled it up over her body she could not help but
notice that the day's ad- venture still had a lingering affect on her body and
she was intensely aware of the soft  fabric riding up over her skin. She
squeezed her arms down the narrow sleeves and her  middle fingers into the
little loops provided. The bodice was tight and showed every curve  of her body,
had it not been for the velvet it would have looked as if she wasn't wearing a 
bra. She pulled her usual stunt with the coat hanger on the zipper and closed
the collar  around her neck, tucking the plastic wings into place. Finally she
stepped up to the mirror  and looked herself over. The effect was a little
spoilt by the towel around her head but  there was no doubt that she looked
spectacular. She twirled and the light danced over the  velvet as she moved. She
rubbed her hands down her sides and was rewarded with the  wonderful sensation
of her hand sliding over the smooth, soft velvet. The chiffon twirled  and
billowed around her as she moved and she loved the feel of it rubbing against
her  skin.

For several minutes she oohed and aahed over the image shining back from the
mirror but  soon the novelty wore off. She returned to the bed and sat down, her
hands playing with  the hem of the dress. Last night she would have jumped at
the chance to take her new  dress out for a spin - her time spent on the beach
and in the bondage club had given her  back her confidence. But today had
brought new insights and worries. What did the gift  mean? What new tasks was
she going to have to perform? Where was all of this leading?  She looked down at
the ribbon that lay discarded on the floor. One thing was for certain -  she
would find out soon enough.




Chapter XIV

She opened the door to her apartment and tried to switch on the light. Nothing.
She flicked  the switch a few times but still there was no light. Cursing she
stumbled over to the fuse  box, when rough hands suddenly grabbed her from
behind. She opened her mouth to  scream only to have it filled with cloth and
then quickly taped shut. She moaned and  struggled as one of them covered her
head with a cloth bag and the other bound her  wrists with some rope. Suddenly
she felt a noose around her neck and she froze, fear  shooting through her like
red-hot droplets of molten iron. The next moment they left her  and she almost
fell as she was caught off balance. She heard one of them move and she  could
make out the faint glimmer of light through the bag. For a few seconds she stood 
around, dazed and confused. She took a tentative step in a direction and grunted
as her  shin made painful contact with the couch. She twisted and turned her
wrists to try and free  them but to no avail.

Where were they? What was she supposed to do now? Had they left? Suddenly a
rough  hand grabbed her arse and squeezed. Squealing in surprise and fear she
tried to bolt but  she ran straight into a wall.

Dazed and hurt she stumbled back and stood still again, her legs trembling.

A rough hand took hold of her breast and twisted viciously, sending sparks of
pain through  her chest and neck. Again panic took over and she backed away only
to be brought up  short by the noose around her neck. Somebody was holding on to
the other end and for a  few seconds she fought in panic as it throttled her and
she couldn't breathe. In her strug- gles she stumbled forwards and the noose
loosened, allowing her to breathe.

Again she just stood there, her heart throbbing in her throat. What did they
want? Where  were they? What were they going to do to her? Again the rough hand
grabbed her, twist- ing her other breast even harder then before. This time she
jumped but didn't try to run  away.

"She's a fast learner. I think she'll do." a rough voice said of to her left.

"Yeah - Bruce said he wanted a smart one." another voice replied from straight
in front, he  had to be the one with the rope in his hand.

Suddenly a hand was stroking her breast and neck. "And she's certainly a looker.
I think  she'll do just fine." said the first voice. The hand continued to
explore while she stood fro- zen.

"Think maybe....?" the first voice said.

"Hmmm. There's not much time and if Bruce finds out there'll be hell to pay."
said the sec- ond.

"Yeah, but man, just look at her." said the first. He grabbed a hold of her
collar and pulled  down sharply. The light blouse she was wearing ripped apart
and she stood exposed be- fore them. "Ooooh - a red bra! You know what they say
about girls with red underwear."  said the second.

"Manohmanohman - that's tempting. I wonder if her panty's red as well." said the
first.

"Well," said the second, pulling her over to him with the rope "if it is we'll
soon know. Won't  we honey?"

Sobbing and moaning she was led to the bedroom and pushed onto the bed. She
fought  them every step of the way but soon she was lying on the bed in only her
underwear.

"Now have you ever seen anything prettier than that" said number one.

She blushed deeply and tried to curl up as they discussed her body.

"Whooooweee!" said number two "matching bra, panties, garters and stocking." he
said  mockingly.

"Where'd you get that darling" he said right next to her ear. "Victoria's
Secret?"

Suddenly a finger dragged over her pussy.

"Hot damn Abe, will you look at that! She's as wet as a heifer in heat! I think
that's a formal  invitation, don't you?"

She blushed even redder and wished she could sink into the earth.

"Now you know Leo, it's not polite to refuse a Lady's invitation. I think we'd
better accept."  said Abe.

She sobbed and fought as their rough hands ripped the last pieces of clothing
from her  body. Suddenly she felt the heavy weight of one of them on top of her
and she struggled  with renewed panic.

"For fuck sakes Leo, hold the bitch down, I can't get in between her legs!"

Rough hands grabbed her ankles and spread her wide open. Before she had time to
react  he was inside her and she screamed into the gag in pain as his large cock
trust into her.  For several seconds he fucked her hard before suddenly rolling
over with her still impaled  on top of his cock. She tried to lift herself off
but his partner pressed her down from behind  and she couldn't move. Abe grabbed
hold of her knees and bent her legs up until she was  spread even wider. She had
barely a seconds warning before Leo's cock thrust in from the  rear and she was
impaled from both sides. She'd never been butt-fucked and she  screamed even
louder as his cock forced itself inside her. Both men started fucking her in 
earnest and she squirmed in pain and humiliation as the two cocks slipped and
moved  inside her.

In a very short time they both came and they withdrew. By that time she was too
tired to  fight any more and she just lay there, tears and snot running down her
face. She felt a  sharp prick on her shoulder and as the drug took effect the
last thing she would hear was  Abe bidding her a good night.


She had to wait a few days before she got her next set of instructions.

From:	Nobody@anonymous.net
Subj:	New instructions

	Pick up package from Post Office
	Do not open until Saturday afternoon
	On Saturday night you will wear the red dress
	You will also wear the contents of the latest package
	Take a taxi to the Ignatio Melavio Opera Theater
	You are to arrive at 18:45
	Your ticket has been booked under the name Sharon Smith
	Immediately go to the auditorium and take your seat
	You are not to leave until the performance is over

Sharon felt her stomach go queasy and nervous energy flow through her body. What
was  going to happen, and what was in the box? She stood up from the computer
and paced  the room. How could she get out of this? Whatever was going to happen
she felt certain  that she wouldn't want any part of it. What were they planning
for her? It was only  Wednesday and she'd have to wait all that time to find
out. She knew her imagination was  going to run wild and she'd have some
sleepless nights.

She swore under her breath, and sat down again. She had no control over her
future, her  own destiny. For heaven's sake - she didn't even have any control
over her own bloody  body! She felt so, so.. so.....?

Powerless!
     (sexy)
Humiliated!
     (erotic)
Abused!
     (excited)
Depressed!
     (aroused)

"Shutupshutupshutup!!!" she shouted at the walls, but the dark little voice just
giggled at  her. She rested her elbows on the table and held her head in her
hands, sobbing in frus- tration. What was wrong with her? How could she be so
aroused by the whole situation?  She felt so dirty, so ashamed of her secret.
What did she do to deserve this? Had she  maybe brought it on herself? Maybe
she'd inadvertently let it slip to someone that she was  kinky? Maybe it was her
own fault she was stuck in this situation? Somehow she must  have done something
to make this happen!

"NOOOO" she cried in anguish and jumped up. With shaking hands and tears
blinding her  she managed to dress in a T-shirt and Jeans. Still sobbing she
stormed out of the flat, the  door banging loudly behind her as she slammed it
shut.

Sharon stared at the flashing blue light as if hypnotized. The cold night air
was blowing  right through her T-shirt and her whole body was covered in
goose-bumps. The police  cruiser stopped for a moment before pulling of with a
loud roar of it's powerful engine. She  was standing outside of the police
precinct, still dazed and confused. She had wandered  up and down the dark
streets for almost an hour before ending up here. She melted into  the shadows
as a policeman came out of the front door and walked over to his car. Only  when
he'd driven off did she dare take another breath and she felt dizzy with fear.
She'd  not deliberately walked to the station, it had just happened.

The one moment she'd been walking along, her whole mind drawn deep inside and
the  next moment the flashing light had jerked her awake. Could she go in? Did
she have the  guts? What would happen? Would they somehow know? Would they shock
her to death  before she'd even walked up the steps? And if she made it inside?
What would the cops  say? Would they be able to help? Would they know of a way
to get rid of the suit? Maybe  there was something glaringly obvious that she'd
missed? Maybe it had even happened  before and they would know exactly what to
do? She closed her eyes and hugged her  body defensively. They would want to
see. They'd ask her to strip. She'd have to stand in  one of those gray little
rooms you always see on TV, naked and exposed. They'd laugh at  her! There would
be a whole bunch of them standing behind that one-way mirror and  they'd giggle
and sneer and point and she wouldn't be able to cover herself!

"For fuck sakes Sharon! Get a hold of yourself!" she whispered loudly to
herself. She  started pacing the sidewalk in tight little circles.

"Let's think about this rationally. Pro's : Get rid of the suit. Get your life
back. Get your dig- nity back." Her throbbing clit added it's vote as well.
"Have sex again, anytime anywhere."  She changed direction and started pacing in
the opposite direction. "Con's : Could be...  no, IS dangerous. The humiliation.
.... uhm?

Give up these gorgeous breasts." She gave a nervous little giggle and then grew
angry  again. "Dammit! Con's, con's... Never get to meet him? Fuck that - that
would be a Pro!"  She stood still and leaned back against a wall. Her mind was
screaming GO but her legs  were refusing to move. Her imagination was running
rampant and for a long while she just  stood there, her eyes never leaving the
door of the precinct. Finally she stood up straight,  gave a final shuddering
sigh and walked back to her flat.

She stood in front of the mirror while drying her hair. It was getting very long
and took a lot  of effort to keep under control. Maybe it was time she had it
cut? Finally she could hold it  no longer and she sat down on the bed. She was
as nervous as a virgin on prom night.  She rummaged around under the bed until
she found the package and pulled it out. It was  exactly the same as all the
others, wrapped in plain brown paper with no return address.

She had another hour before she had to be at the opera and it was time to see
what lay in  store. For the last few days her imagination had gone nuts and by
now she felt confident  she could handle anything it might contain. She opened
the package, paused for a mo- ment and looked inside. She gasped in shocked
surprise at what she saw. The bright glit- ter of diamonds and pearls flickered
merrily in the light as she lifted an exquisite necklace  from the box. It was
the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen and she couldn't keep her  eyes off it.
For several minutes she twisted and turned it in her hands, mesmerized by the 
light playing across it's surface. Finally she blinked and remembered the time.
She quickly  looked at the box and gasped again. This time she drew out a
gorgeous tiara, made from  the same glittering diamonds and silver. Next came a
set of matching ear rings, a bracelet,  a small red purse, pantyhose and a new
pair of shoes.

She sat back and tried to come to terms with all the glitter and shine that lay
spread out  before her. She'd been expecting the worse and she got...... this?
It took a while for her  mind to do the about-turn and come to terms with it.

She stood in front of the mirror and made sure she was ready. She looked herself
over  with a critical eye but could find nothing amis.

The dark red shoes were a perfect match for the dress, their high heels showing
her  calves off to their best effect. The pantyhose had a thin, glittering line
that ran up the back  of her legs and melted into the dress as it became darker.
The red dress was gorgeous,  hugging her figure like a second skin while still
classy and ch�k. The jewelry hung on her  like glittering pieces of star. She
twirled around and was satisfied that the tiara would stay  in place on her neat
french braid.

Feeling like a million bucks she glided out of the apartment and into the night.

As she stepped out of the building she bumped into Anette. Anette mumbled an apology 
and then recognition filled her eyes and her jaw fell to the ground. "Holy
Sh.....!" she said.  Sharon smiled nervously as Anette walked around her. "You
like?" she said, extremely  pleased with Anette's reaction. Anette was still too
shocked to get any words out and she  just stared at her, totally dumbfounded.
The waiting taxi hooted and suddenly Sharon re- membered the time. "Shit! I'm
late! Talk to you later hon." she said while rushing off to the  waiting taxi.

Anette could just stare in surprise and shock as the taxi sped off into the
night.

Sharon sat down nervously and looked around. She could still not understand what
she  was doing there. According to the bill-boards it was the opening night of a
new production  of Aida and she felt very out of place. She'd never been to an
Opera and considered the  whole business boring and stuffy. Why on earth send
her to the Opera? She looked down  and made sure everything was in order. The
hall was filling up quickly and she tried to  scan the audience as they took
their seats but nobody looked familiar.

An elderly lady and her husband sat down next to her, smiling politely as they
took their  seats. The seat to her left was still open and a faint glimmer of
hope started to grow as all  the seats filled but that one. The couple were
softly whispering and she blushed as she  realized she had no idea what the
performance was going to be about. She kept a close  eye on the seat, secretly
crossing her fingers and biting her lower lip. The lady next to her  tapped her
shoulder and she almost jumped right out of the seat. "Hello dear. My name's 
Edna. You don't seem to have a program, want to use mine?" said the lady,
holding out a  little black brochure. "Uhm.. no thanks, I've got mine here
somewhere." she replied, rum- maging under the seat where she'd placed her purse
and brochure.

She finally managed to find it and showed it to the lady.

"I think Dame Masimio has the most wonderful voice in the world. Don't you?"
asked the  little lady in a friendly chatty voice. "My husband and I have been
looking forward to this  production for weeks." Suddenly there was a movement to
her left and her head whipped  around. For a few moments she could just sit
there, her mouth wide open in shock.

"M-M-Mark? What are you doing here?" she stammered. The nerd from the office was
the  last person on earth she'd been expecting to find here.

He was standing stock still in shocked surprise, his face blushing blood red.
"Miss  Sharon?" he said, just as shocked as she was. He gingerly sat down and
fidgeted like a  nervous animal.

"Uhm .. I didn't know you liked the opera." he said with a squeaky voice.

Oh Fuck! It can't be him! No way could it be him, not Mark! Could it? "I don't"
she replied,  watching his face intently for any signs of guilt.

"S-s-s uguhm, sorry, frog in the throat. So what are you doing here?" he
replied, still  blushing deeply.

Her mind was going 200 miles an hour and getting nowhere.

"I'm here by invitation of a friend. He couldn't make it though but I decided to
come see  anyway. You?" He grinned shyly.

"Opera is one of my little passions. I come to all the opening nights. Do you
know anything  about Aida?" he asked, his hands working furiously to try and
open the brochure. It took  him a few seconds to discover that the normally the
spine isn't meant to open.

"I can tell you about it if you want. It's a bit overwhelming if you don't
know.. oh look the  lights are dimming." he said and made himself comfortable.

She sat back in the seat and studied his hands in the dim light. Music was
starting to play  but she hardly noticed, her mind racing furiously.

"C'mon Sharon. You can't be serious. Obviously this is just a coincidence. There
is no way  Mark could be behind any of this. For heavens sake he probably still
stays with his par- ents." Yeah, you're right. But then again..." "He is smart
and he's got a terrible crush on  you and he's a little weird and he's the quiet
type. You know what the tabloids always say  about the quiet types. I bet he
could have done it if he was desperate enough." "Do you  think he's desperate
enough?" "Well he might be. He's been after me for ages." "This  could all be
your fault you know" "What!!?" A part of her mind noticed some characters 
appearing on the stage.

"Well if you've been pretty lousy to him you know. Remember that time he brought
you  chocolates and you told him you were on a diet?" "Are you suggesting I
asked for this?"  "And the many times he said hello and all you did was nod and
the ohshitohshitohshit!"  Her whole body tensed as the dildo slowly inflated.

"ohshitohshitcalmdownohshitstaycalmdon'tletanybodyseeohshit!!" She grabbed hold
of  both armrests and her knuckles turned white as she tried to drive her nails
right through  the fabric. The dildo inflated until it was filling her to
capacity, it's studded sides teasing  her walls. When it finally stopped it was
enormous and rock hard. She sat even straighter  than normally and her wide,
glazed eyes stared at the stage without seeing a thing. After  several minutes
it was clear that nothing was going to happen and she relaxed a bit. The 
enormous object felt as big as a melon and suddenly she couldn't find a
comfortable posi- tion in her chair.

An enormous lady appeared on the stage.

"That's Dame Masimio." Mark whispered in her ear. "She's very famous and it's a
real  honor to hear her sing." Yeah - whatever. In the meantime, do you have any
idea what's  happening between my legs? I'd bet you'd just love to know. Or do
you know already?"  The woman took a big gulp of air, her bosom heaving like a
gigantic bellows. She opened  her mouth and a voice as clear as a bell and as
powerful as a fog horn flooded the audito- rium.

The dildo suddenly started moving and she had to clench her jaw to prevent a
little squeal  from escaping. The nipple brushes joined in and she almost passed
out as thousands of  extremely important messages flooded her shocked brain.
Everything was moving ex- tremely slowly but it was more than enough to make her
want to climb the walls. She was  rapidly rushing into an enormous orgasm but
then all the stimulation stopped. With an  enormous effort she finally managed
to regain control of herself.

"Yeah.." said Mark, grinning at her. "her voice is quite something isn't it?"
She just nodded,  praying he won't notice how tight her jaw was clenched. The
enormous woman launched  into her song again and Sharon closed her eyes and
leaned back in her seat. The dildo  and brushes had started up again and she
concentrated as hard as she could not to show  anything. As the voice rose, so
did the speed of the stimulation. Up went the voice - faster  went the dildo.
Down came the voice - slower went the dildo. "Oh no, nononono - I can't  deal
with this. How in heavens name am I supposed to sit through grnnnnn." The voice 
rose again and this time it scaled even greater heights. The orgasm hit suddenly
and vio- lently. Sharon lost all sense of reality and her whole being focused on
the moving devices  driving her insane. The dildo was moving up and down between
her loins and she felt as if  the whole world was shaking with it. The brushes
were turning furiously and sparks of  sensation were running over her breasts.
Her whole body trembled as one wave after the  other shook her to the core of
her being. After a million years she finally managed to come  down again and she
melted into the soft seat. The blood was throbbing in her ears and  she was
almost hypnotized by it's loud throbbing. Slowly the throbbing turned into the
loud  banging coming from the orchestra. A cold chill ran down her back as she
suddenly re- membered where she was. She opened her eyes and look straight into
Marks concerned  face.

"Are you ok? I thought you had fainted." he said, the concern giving way to
relief.

"Yeah, yeah - I'm o.k." she replied calmly - inwardly praying the earth would
swallow her  there and then.

"I just like to close my eyes when I listen. It's nothing to worry about."

"Yeah," he said "I sometimes do that as well. That woman has the most phenomenal 
voice." She'd forgotten about the singer's part in the little fiasco and with a
shocked ex- pression she searched on the stage to find the source of her
torture.

Mike saw her expression and smiled. "Don't worry. She'll be back in a moment.
She's got  a whole two hours left to sing."




Chapter XV

Her long hair streamed out behind her as her powerful tail propelled her through
the water.  She spread her arms wide and did a lazy barrel roll, overjoyed at
the freedom of flying  through the ocean. She spotted a school of dolphins and
laughed merrily as the greeted  her with happy squeaks and clicks. Together with
the dolphins she glided through the  water, her body jumping out of the water
and splashing back again as they raced each  other through the waves.

On one of these jumps she spotted a distant object drifting on the water and she
grew cu- rious. The dolphins quickly closed the distance and started riding the
bow-wave. She'd  never seen a ship before and she hung back, curiosity mingling
with fear. Slowly she ap- proached and circled the strange object. Nothing
seemed to happen so she slowly  reached her hand out and touched it. It felt
strange, the texture was unlike anything she'd  felt before.

She was just growing confident when she heard several small objects fall into
the ocean.  She saw them falling all around her and she was about to follow one
down when her hair  got snagged in something. She reached up only to have her
hand and arm caught in the  stuff. Her eyes grew wide in fear as she saw thin
strands of white rope circle her head and  immediately she tried to swim away.
She swam for several yards, dragging the strange  ropes with her when she was
suddenly and viciously brought short. Her powerful tail tor- mented the water as
she fought to be free, but she could not move any further away. She  screamed
and tried to claw her way free but her other hand got snagged as well. Her one 
hand was stuck behind her head and the other around her throat. She renewed her
efforts  and the sea foamed and bubbled as her tail churned the water behind
her. She tried a  different tactic and tried to roll out of harms way but to her
horror she felt the ropes circle  around her chest and waist. She was covered in
ropes all the way down to her waist and  the rolling also pinned her arms
painfully tight against her body.

She tried rolling the other way. At first it seemed it would work but then her
tail got caught  as well and soon she could only struggle feebly, completely
encased in a net of ropes.  She felt the her body being dragged to the surface
and she screamed even louder in fear  and pain. Terror made her desperate and
she bit wildly at the ropes covering her face.  Suddenly she broke the surface
and to her horror she was being dragged into the air. She  coughed and
spluttered as the sea water in her lungs was replaced by air and for a few 
seconds there was the sickening feeling of drowning as her body adjusted. She
was lifted  over the rough railing of the ship and dropped onto the deck. It
took her a few minutes to  get used to the bright glare of the sun and the
strange, heavy feeling of being out of the  water.

When she could finally see she looked up into the faces of weird beings circling
her and  looking down at her. They looked like men, but they stood upright on
two strange stilts that  bent in the middle. One of them bent down and spoke
some strange words to her. His  body was red and his stilts were black. The
sound of his voice was low and it sounded as  if he was growling at her. She was
still very much afraid but she managed to find her voice  to beg for release.
His face grimaced in pain as she spoke and they all covered their ears.  He
reached down and she drew back in fear, her tail making a wet sound as it
flopped up  and down on the deck. Again she started begging but this time he
produced a red piece of  his body and stuffed it inside her mouth. She moaned
and struggled as his hands sought  out her breasts and he teased her nipples.
More of them bent down and they were making  those strange noises again, this
time to each other. The man teasing her breasts tugged  and pulled at the ropes
and for a moment she thought they might release her. Instead he  adjusted the
ropes so that both her breasts spilled out of the holes in between. The men 
applauded and their noises grew exited. She blushed deeply as some more hands
found  her breasts and soon her whole body was covered by stroking, fondling
hands. She strug- gled as best she could but they didn't even have to hold her
down, her own heavy tail and  the net of ropes made it impossible for her to do
much more than squirm. Suddenly she  felt a hand on her belly button. She prayed
they would not discover the thin slit between  her scales that was the entrance
to her sex. Everybody knew that the outside was as hard  and lifeless as the
rest of her tail, but if they were to push something inside she'd loose all 
control over herself. The hands continued stroking and she tensed as they moved
over  her slit, but they didn't notice it. Already her nipples were standing to
full attention and she  blushed even redder at being so brutally manipulated.
Suddenly a thumb found her slit  and she moaned deeply through the gag as it
entered her. She closed her eyes and her  whole being was filled by the thumb as
it drove into her. Hew whole body shuddered in  pleasure as it wiggled inside
for a moment and then it was gone. She came to her senses  and now she struggled
anew, her fear being driven by a new force: they now knew her  secret! The
creature that had fondled her breasts talked loudly to the others and they 
backed away. She sighed in relief as the hundreds of hands left her alone and
she stared  up at their leader, her eyes begging for mercy. They grew wide in
shock as his black skin  fell away from his stilts to reveal a large, straight
rod between them.

The men of her kind did also have rods, but they were long, thin sticks that
slid out of a  small pouch inside their bodies. She'd never imagined having
something so large inside  her and she frantically started flopping to the edge
of the deck. The man only smiled and  grabbed hold of the ropes around her body.
Before she had time to think he had her rolled  onto her back and he sat down on
her tail. She moaned and struggled but could do noth- ing as he leaned over
forward and guided his rod into her slit. The moment he entered her  she lost
all her senses. All she could think about was the large, throbbing shaft
splitting  her wide open. The pleasure was beyond anything she'd ever imagined!
She rocked her  body and moaned, but it was no longer in fear. After an eternity
of one orgasm after the  other she sighed deeply as he pulled himself out of
her. She lay on the deck, too dazed  and overwhelmed to struggle any further.
What were they going to do to her now? Would  she be released? She looked up
into the face of the man as he stood up and pulled his  skin back on. To her
horror another approached and off came the skin again. She started  trembling
violently as the men started filing into a neat row, but before she had time to 
ponder her fate he was inside of her.

Sharon's hands slid over the smooth latex and little shocks of pleasure rode
through her  body. She was so horny she was almost drooling and the latex
heightened her lust even  more. She turned around and admired her rear in the
mirror. The catsuit was as black as  the night and it looked as if somebody had
painted oil onto her body. Every curve, crevice  and bump was visible as the
latex stretched tightly over her limbs. The catsuit covered her  from head to
toe and only her eyes, nose and mouth was visible. The hood stretched  tightly
over her head and her eyes looked out through two holes in the mask. She 
squirmed and moved her limbs and the latex reluctantly slid over her skin until
it fit her  perfectly.

For the last two weeks she'd been slowly going out of her mind with lust. Ever
since the  Opera she'd been constantly stimulated and cajoled but not once was
she allowed re- lease. Sometimes she'd be stimulated for minutes on end, the
brushes working so slowly  it was impossible to come. Then the treatment would
switch and the dildo would inflate,  filling her until she felt she would burst.
For almost an hour she'd have to walk around with  the giant object filling her
sex. Then, just as suddenly as it had inflated it would deflate  again, leaving
her with an empty unfulfilled sensation. On other occasions the deflated  dildo
would suddenly start moving. Slowly and torturously it would turn inside her
until she  felt ready to crawl up the walls. Sometimes she felt so close to
orgasm she could almost  taste it, and then everything would quiet down again.
By the time she'd received her next  instructions she was so ready and willing
she even looked forward to the daring task.

She'd been going to the Bondage Club quite regularly but always in the same kind
of out- fits. Short skirts, high heels, stockings and a bodysuit. Tonight she
was to go whilst wear- ing her latest gift. She stepped over to the bed and got
the second part of the ensemble. It  was a hard rubber basque straight out of
the movies. It was also black but it was more  textured than the smooth catsuit.
She rubbed her finger over it's surface and the texture  reminded her of the
dashboard of a car. It fit around her waist perfectly and fastened with  eight
rubber straps across her back. It ran up from her hips to just under her armpits
and it  covered her breasts to just over the nipples.

Next came a shield that fitted into the basque. The shield covered her sex and
rear and  made it appear as if the basque had a built-in panty. It was made from
the same material  as the basque and once in place Sharon couldn't see the line
where the two met. Last  came the boots. They were molded rubber boots that came
up all the way to her thighs.  The toes were pointed and the thin heels were
very high. She felt very unstable walking in  them and it heightened her sense
of adventure. They were also black and shiny, with a  thin zipper running up the
back. Finally ready she walked around the room a few times.  She wanted to
giggle and cry at the same time, the whole situation was so absurd. She  was
going out to town in the kinkiest outfit she'd ever seen. Under all these layers
of syn- thetic material was real skin. Skin that she felt was almost not a part
of her any more. She  waddled a bit and concentrated on walking normally but it
was difficult. The boots were  brand new and didn't bend as well as her knees
wanted to. The shield between her legs  was stiff and she was reminded of the
first few weeks in the suit. The foreign object be- tween her thighs kept her
attention focused on her throbbing clit. The smell of new latex  was almost
overpowering and it made her nipples stand to full attention. Almost as if on 
queue her nipples came alive, the brushes moving at their lowest possible
setting. She  closed her eyes and waited for the small shudders to stop. Finally
she took a deep breath  and headed for the door.

Sharon carefully stepped into the passage and the memories came flooding back.
That  first day.. those men... the lift. All of a sudden it was as if no time
has passed and her legs  started shaking again.

What was she doing! Did she really want to go out dressed like this? What if
someone  saw her? How would she explain? Was she completely nuts?

She retreated back into her flat and leaned against the closed front door. Her
heart was  doing 500mph and her whole body was shivering. She simply couldn't do
this. She didn't  have the guts. She closed her eyes and tried to relax before
her heart burst. After several  minutes she became aware of a different kind of
throbbing. She walked around the living  room in little circles. She couldn't do
this... and yet. She needed to come, she needed it  soooooo bad! She just knew
she'd come tonight, if not by his hand then certainly in her  dreams. She didn't
have any choice really, he would certainly punish her is she didn't ar- rive on
time. She thought about him. Was it the man in the club her tormentor? Every
time  she went back she kept a eye out for him but he never showed. Tonight
would be differ- ent! He'd want to see his creation. Was it him? Oh please
please please let it be him. She  stood inside the door, took hold of the handle
and took a deep breath. Her legs still shak- ing she entered the night.

Sharon sat inside the club and slowly sipped a drink. An hour ago she'd felt
horny - now  she felt positively on fire. It had started with the walk down the
stairs. She'd decided to  take the stairs so that she could avoid bumping into
anyone. As she'd moved her thighs  had rubbed over the shield. Pretty soon every
step had turned into an ordeal. The boots  didn't want to bend properly and she
was constantly reminded of their tight, firm grip on  her legs. At about the 2nd
last floor she'd felt a quick, light flutter in her sex and she'd  paused to
enjoy the sensation. Unable to touch herself the orgasm quickly faded and she 
continued on her way. She'd hope the 'quickie' would take the edge off her need
but,  within five minutes she was all worked up again. The drive in the car was
just as bad. The  first thing she noticed as she sat down was the hard shield
gripping her buttocks as she  sat on it. The car also quickly filled with the
lingering smell of latex and she turned the  blower on full blast.

As she drove people would stare at her outfit. She found herself longing for
tinted windows  and decided there and then that it would be her next purchase.
Her face was blushing red  as she stood waiting at a pedestrian crossing. Almost
all the pedestrians did a double-take  and stared. When the light turned green
she sped off but soon realized that driving was no  better. Her limbs kept
moving as she had to negotiate the traffic and every slight move- ment would
somehow remind her of the ensemble. Using her legs made the her butt- muscles
move against the hard shield. Her upper arms would rub against the rough exte-
rior covering her breasts. The latex and rubber would creak in a cacophony of
sound with  the slightest movement. After a few minutes she had to pull over and
relax, she simply  couldn't drive with her hands trembling so much. Finally she
felt under control again and  she continued on her way.

Sharon played with the collar around her neck as her eyes scanned the bar. It
was still  early and the place was relatively empty. It was strange, but in here
she felt much more  relaxed than outside. Somehow it felt as if she was among
friends. There was a burst of  laughter at the door and she looked up to see
four of her 'buddies' joking with the bouncer.  One of them glanced her way and
instantly his jaw hit the floor. She smiled sweetly and  waved at him, immensely
pleased by his reaction. He pumped his closest friends ribs with  his elbow and
pointed with his head. They stormed over and she giggled as they mobbed  her
with compliments and questions.

"Hold on boys!" she had to finally say. "One at a time please." She felt like a
celebrity  handing out autographs. "So - you like?" She stood up and twirled for
them. She felt so  sexy and excited it was making her dizzy. Andrew was staring
at her, his eyes glimmering  in amusement. He was the quietest of the bunch and
of the whole crowd she felt most  drawn to him. His quiet dignity was so at odds
with the boisterous and sometimes lewd  group. He was standing stock still, his
hands in his pockets. She felt a hand on her arse  and she turned to be
confronted by a large drink. "One peach schnapps and orange juice  for the
lady."

"Now, now Jake, you trying to make me drunk all over again?" she teased, while
her rump  glowed hot where he'd touched her. "You know I can't say no." she
accepted the drink and  gave Jake a quick peck on the cheek. He used the chance
to pull her close and his hands  grabbed hold of her arse as he gave her a
proper kiss. The whole group burst out laugh- ing and she blushed even redder as
he released and grinned back at her.

Sharon closed her eyes and waited for the buzzing over her nipples to stop. It
took an  enormous effort to keep on dancing despite the stimulation and she was
glad that she was  dancing with Andrew rather than with William. William liked
to twirl her over the floor in a  heady rush of activity, while Andrew liked to
pull her close and gently sway to the music.  Finally the slow torture stopped
but she knew it would be back again. She'd found that the  worst part of the
stimulation actually came after the brushing had stopped. That's when  her body
would fill the sudden void with hard throbbing, her nipples screaming for the
deli- cious sensation to return. It always took a few minutes before she could
push the insistent  throbbing into the background.

She loved dancing in Andrew's big, protective arms. He was one of those rare
people born  with the gentle spirit of a poet and the physique of a bull. His
right hand slowly rode up  and down her back while the other kept a firm hold on
her waist.

"What's up with you tonight Sharon?" he suddenly asked out of the blue.

"What do you mean?" she asked, looking up into his face.

"I mean everything. The suit, the giggling, the trembling..."

"Trembling? What trembling?" she asked, completely caught off guard.

"I mean this trembling" he said, pulling her body into his "Your whole body is
shivering. If I  didn't know better I would've sworn you're freezing under all
of that rubber."

She hadn't realized that it was that obvious and she took a slight step back. To
her sur- prise he pulled her back firmly. "I'm sorry Andrew, I can't do this."
she said, stepping back  from him again. He let her go and she quickly fled to
the bathroom. She was still outside  the door when the first tremors hit and by
the time she'd closed the stall her legs gave  way. This time it was a bit more
intense than the one on the stairs but still she felt unful- filled and longing
for more.

Sharon walked back to the group and was again warmly greeted. They made all
kinds of  jokes about her long visit to the ladies, and the general consensus
was that it had taken  her a while to get out of the catsuit. She blushed at
their remarks and nodded. It had in- deed been a struggle to get out of the suit
so that she could do the necessary ablutions.  She sat down and a drink appeared
out of nowhere. She smiled sweetly at Jake and took  a little sip. Andrew sat
down next to her and circled her waist with his arm. "Listen. I don't  know
what's up and I won't push it." he said gently. She breathed a deep sigh of
relief and  kissed him on the cheek. "But by now you should know that I care for
you." he said and  she tensed again. "Andrew, you're a nice man. A kind man,"
she saw his face twist as he  realized what was to come "But I can't be more to
you than a friend. It's not that I don't feel  attracted to you." she leaned up
against her, her breasts pressing hard against his chest  "There's nothing I
want more than to be your lover, but I just can't." He opened his mouth  to
speak but she interrupted him "And you can't ask me why." For a long time they
sat in  silence, her head resting on his shoulder. "Can I ask you a favor?" he
suddenly said, his  voice low. She nodded, a little distracted by the dildo
suddenly moving inside her. "I want  you to wear this. Just for tonight. For
me." She looked up and saw him holding the leash.

"I .. I .. I"

"Please" his voice sounded so serious and pleading "For me. Only for tonight."

"OK, but only for tonight." she replied, a small shiver of pleasure going down
her spine as  the dildo changed direction. His smile was as bright as the sun
breaking through clouds.  He leaned over, took a firm hold of the D-ring on the
collar and clipped the leash onto it. A  even bigger tremor of pleasure ran down
her spine as she heard the faint click of the clip.  For a moment they smiled at
each other and then he was pulling on the leash and her  face met his. For an
eternity they kissed and she melted into his broad chest.




Chapter XVI

The full moon was shining brightly and she had no trouble finding her way. The
grass was  covered with dew and the cold droplets clung to her feet and the hem
of her nightgown.  She walked over to the statue and cocked her head to one
side, listening. Satisfied that  she wasn't being followed she continued through
the old english garden and entered the  maze. It was cold and her whole body was
covered with goose bumps. She pulled the  nightgown close but the flimsy fabric
gave little protection. She knew the secret route off  by heart and in a few
short minutes she entered the small courtyard that lay at the heart of  the
maze. In it stood a large oak tree with a bubbling little fountain and a
fish-pond. She  walked over to the tree and sat down in a swing that hung from
one of it's branches. She  looked down at her chest and smiled at the sight of
her nipples pressing hard against the  flimsy fabric. She'd been looking forward
to this all day and by now her whole body was  trembling with excitement. There
was a lovely little breeze blowing and she loved the cool  feeling as it
evaporated the sweat from her burning body. She sat quietly waiting, swaying 
gently to and fro in the swing. It felt so exhilarating to be outside wearing
almost nothing  and the longer she waited the more aroused she became.

She was just beginning to wonder if he'd show up when she heard the soft
rustling of  leaves. She giggled softly to herself, he'd gotten lost in the maze
again! She knew the  route off by heart but he'd only visited it a few times
before and he regularly got lost. She  smiled as she listened to his soft
curses. He was moving around out there, but not making  any progress. Finally
she could stand it no more and she rose to go look for him.

She found him walking back from a dead-end and immediately they embraced. She 
melted right into his body and was immediately greeted by his warm, hard manhood 
pressing against her belly. Obviously he'd been looking forward to their
rendezvous as  well.

She giggled and suddenly let go. She ran off into the maze with him following
closely be- hind. She loved the feeling of her hair blowing in the wind as she
ran out in front of him.  Suddenly she felt her whole body being pulled back as
he managed to grab hold of the  nightgown.

With a loud rip it was torn to shreds and she gave a shrill, surprised little
shriek. Before  she could recover he had her in his embrace and they fell to the
ground.

She giggled and moaned as they kissed passionately. Her naked body was getting
wet  from the dew on the grass but she no longer cared. He lifted her up and
carried her in his  arms. She was still very shy and she used her hair and hands
to cover herself. They en- tered the clearing and a small shiver ran up her
back.

He put her down next to the tree and pressed her back up against the rough bark.
She  struggled playfully as he quickly grabbed hold of her wrists and tied them
together with a  red scarf. The rough bark and her bound wrists drove her to new
heights and she moaned  as her breasts ached loudly. He held on to her arms and
his powerful muscles lifted her  clear of the ground.

Again she struggled and twisted as he hooked the scarf over an old iron hook in
the trunk  of the tree. She was left hanging from her wrists, her feet several
inches off the ground.  She looked down and blushed deeply as he admired her
naked and defenseless body.  For several seconds he just stood there, his eyes
drinking in the sight of her lovely pale  skin. Finally he stepped forward and
his hands found her naked breasts. She moaned and  circled his waist with her
legs, pulling him close. His hands squeezed and stroked her  chest sending
sparks flying throughout her body. His hands moved down to her arse and 
squeezed them hard. She arched her back and was surprised to hear a low, throaty
growl  coming from her throat. His hands were everywhere, rubbing her flanks,
finding her  breasts, stroking her thighs.

She twisted and turned her wrists inside their bonds, longing to touch herself.
He tried to  step back, but she still had his waist clinched in her legs and she
held on for dear life.  Suddenly his hand found her sex and she gasped loudly as
his fingers slid smoothly in- side. His fingers wriggled and squirmed inside
her, driving her utterly insane.

Before she realized what had happened he'd twisted himself out of her embrace
and she  flopped back against the rough bark of the tree. Her clit was throbbing
loudly and insis- tently and she raised her legs in frustration. He watched her
twisting and turning on the  hook, her legs rising and falling as she rubbed her
thighs and calves together. She was so  hot and desperate she could cry but she
dared not make a sound for fear of discovery. He  slowly and sensually took his
shirt off and the sight of his broad muscular chest made her  salivate with
lust. He teased her by slowly pulling off his pants, his eyes never leaving her 
heaving breasts. Finally he was naked and she admired his rock hard body, her
eyes  drawn to his large cock, standing to proud attention.

She placed the soles of her feet on the trunk and pushed her hips out as far as
they would  go, inviting him to take her. Instead he slowly circled the tree,
inspecting her body from all  angles. As he came around she tried to reach out
with her feet, hoping to snare him in her  legs again. He caught hold of her
ankle and pulled her away from the tree. She struggled  playfully, knowing that
it had the same effect on him as it did on her. He stepped closer  and pushed
her feet against his manhood, rubbing the sole up and down against his hard, 
throbbing heat. She longed to feet the hard heat inside her and she closed her
eyes in  impatient desperation, her whole being focused on the sole of her foot.
Suddenly he  couldn't wait any more and the next moment he was standing against
her, his cock throb- bing loudly against her sex.

Again she snared him in her legs and she pushed her hips up against him. For a
second  he fumbled with his member, his excitement making his body tremble and
his hands  clumsy. He managed to gain control of himself and she gasped loudly
as he guided it into  her. It went in easily, and he thrust himself in all the
way to the hilt. She closed her eyes  and growled as he slowly pumped in and out
while his hands held onto her waist. In a few  short minutes they both climaxed
and she couldn't prevent a loud, passionate scream  from escaping as she came.

Exhausted he leaned up against her, pinning her against the tree. She cupped her
head in  his shoulder and waited for the world to stop spinning, her breasts
rubbing up and down  against his chest as she gulped in the cool night air.
Finally they both regained their com- posure and he withdrew, sitting down on
the swing. He leaned up against the rope of the  swing and smiled at her, his
eyes droopy and tired. "Well Mrs. DiMarcio, that certainly was  exciting, I
think that howl of yours must have woken every servant within a day's ride from 
here." She merely grinned back at him, not yet trusting herself to be able to
speak.

He stood up and quickly dressed. As he lifted her from the hook her wrists began
throb- bing and he had to carry her as her legs was still to weak to be of any
use. He covered her  with his cloak and she nuzzled in the crook of his arm. "Do
you think my dear," he said, a  playful grin on his mouth "that we'll ever learn
to make love in a bed like other newlyweds  do?"

From:	Nobody@anonymous.net
Subj:	New instructions

	Put in leave from work for two-week period,
	starting 12th of next month.

Sharon sat staring at the screen, her mind racing. Her stomach wound itself up
into a tight  little knot.

What did this mean? What was he up to now?

She leaned back and put her feet up.

Two weeks? What did he want her to do during that those two weeks? Could this be
it? Is  this finally the meeting she'd been hoping for? She reached over and
pulled a cigarette  from a pack lying on the table. She'd never smoked, but
recently she'd had this urge to do  something different, something he couldn't
control.

The flame trembled as she lit the cigarette. Her body was already responding to
the pros- pect of a meeting and she couldn't stop the trembling. Nervous
excitement and fear made  her jumpy and tense and she forced herself to relax.
After all, the 12th was still almost a  month away.

She took a deep drag and blew the smoke out through her nose. It gave her a
strange  thrill to be smoking. What would he do if he knew? Would he disapprove?
Would he pun- ish her? She sat staring at the burning coal. If he told her to
stop, would she? She stood  up and walked over to the mirror. She folded her
left arm under her breasts and held her  right hand in the air next to her head.

She looked like one of those stars in the movies, staring at the mirror
defiantly as the  smoke slowly rose in a straight line next to her head. She
even cocked her hips to one  side, but the suit resisted her and it wasn't
comfortable.

She was in a strange mood tonight, sexy, nervous, rebellious, adventurous. She
turned  around, watching herself in the mirror as she posed. After all this time
the allure of the suit  has mostly worn off.

At times she still found it sexy, but it was no longer as exciting as it had
been in the begin- ning. She put the cigarette down and dove into her closet. A
few seconds later she was  back in front of the mirror, an ostrich-feather boa
wrapped around her neck. She picked  the cigarette up and looked at herself
again. She made her lips nice and pouty and pulled  her eyes in a Marilyn Monroe
style.

"I would like to thank all my wonderful fans for nominating me" she said
breathlessly and  giggled at herself.

Hmm - something was still missing. She dove back into the closet and pulled out
the red  garters and stockings. Although her instructions were to stay naked
while in the flat she  felt certain he'd not object to the garters. In a few
short minutes she had them on and she  stood in front of the mirror again.

Nope, still something missing.

Back into the closet she dove again and this time she brought out the red
stiletto's. She  slipped them on and returned to the mirror.

"To be nominated as the best actress of the year is indeed...." Nope, still not
quite right.

She walked over to the dresser and sat down. She'd only wanted to touch up her
existing  make-up but once she got into it she couldn't stop herself. Thick,
long eyebrows. Large,  pouty, deep-red lips. Lots of gloss. Plenty of blush. She
crossed her legs and shuddered  at the lovely sensation of her nylon-smooth
thighs rubbing against each other. The cold  seat at the dresser was lovely on
her naked bum, making her intensely aware of her nu- dity. She finished the
make-up, crossing and re-crossing her legs more often than what  was strictly
necessary. She added some of the jewelry from her night at the opera and 
returned to the mirror.

"Hmmm - much better."

She struck a pose.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, I must say that it is indeed...." Nope - still not 100%
Back to the  closet again, this time she returned with the long red opera
gloves.

Ah - much better.

"It is indeed an honor to be here with you tonight." She grinned at herself. She
looked ....  silly.

She got another idea and a small tremor of excitement went through her body. She
re- turned to the closet and took a out a little red dress.

She's not worn the garment for ages, it was simply too revealing to be worn over
the suit.  She stood in front of the mirror, holding the dress up to her chest.

She longed to put it on, but was afraid. That would clearly be crossing the
instructions  she'd been given. If he'd been willing to overlook the garters
he'd certainly not be willing to  ignore the dress. But how would he know? All
the windows were closed, the curtains  pulled shut. Her front door was locked.
There was no way for him to enforce the rule,  since there was no way for him to
know about it.

She stepped into the open back of the dress. She stood like that for quite some
time, the  dress circling her calves while she waited for something to happen.
Nothing did. She  slowly pulled it up, thoroughly enjoying the sensation as it
rode up her legs. She pushed  her arms through the holes in the dress and
smoothed the surface down.

The dress was the most revealing thing she'd ever bought. It was very short,
revealing  most of her lovely thighs. It didn't have any zippers or clips, with
the back cut so low that it  went down to her waist.

She inspected herself in the mirror and smiled at the image. Although the suit
was sticking  out everywhere it actually looked very sexy.

She'd never worn the little number with such a thin waist and it startled her to
realize how  much thinner she looked. Her breasts looked spectacular. The fabric
stretched tightly over  the extra large domes and they didn't jiggle or move at
all. She turned around and bent  over, her arse sticking into the air.

"Oh my Mister Williams - will you look at that! A dime in the middle of the
road!" she said in  her best blond bombshell imitation. She grinned back at
herself, her hair tumbling down  past her head. If the Pope had been standing
behind her right now he'd be turned into a  sinner.

She pulled her chair over to the mirror and sat down. She leaned to one side,
trying to  look seductive.

"No, detective, I have no idea who killed him.." She said and crossed her legs
over the  other way "And even if I did I wouldn't grnnmf!" The shock came hard,
fast and without any  warning. It was the hardest she'd ever been shocked and
already the tears were forming  in the corners of her eyes. For a few seconds
she just sat there, trying to get the breath  back into her lungs. She jumped up
and grabbed hold of the dress. Wriggling like a worm  she worked furiously to
rid herself off the tight garment. The second shock hit just as she  had it
around her calves, making her loose her balance and fall over. She kicked
violently  and the dress and shoes went flying. She was sobbing into her arms,
her whole body  trembling when the third shock hit her.

Instinctively she kicked out and as soon as it was over she jumped to her feet.
She pan- icked and fled to the kitchen in an attempt to get away from the pain
and fear. The fourth  shock took her there and she collapsed in a tight little
ball next to the fridge. She was still  curled up in a pathetic little ball when
the fifth and final shock hit her.

Sharon's eyes were blurred with tears as she picked up the broken cutlery. For a
long time  she'd been huddled into a little ball next to the fridge, too afraid
to move. When she'd fi- nally realized that it was over she'd stood up and
looked around the kitchen in a daze.  Slowly a rage had built up inside her,
growing like an evil black monster until her whole  being was overcome with it.
She'd gone on the rampage, throwing cutlery and screaming  at the walls.

Who the fuck did he think he was! Where did he get off dictating to her! Who
made him  God! She'd kill him, she'd fucking kill him! The fucker! The bastard!
The son of a fucking  bitch! The next moment she'd caught herself standing at
the front door, her hand on the  doorknob. Instantly the rage had fled and a
cold hard shudder of fear and shock had taken  over. She'd collapsed on the
floor, sobbing anew.

It was only after another good crying session that she'd noticed the damage
she'd done to  her kitchen. Broken cups and saucers lay strewn all over the
place and it was a miracle  she wasn't cut to pieces. She'd slowly regained her
composure and started cleaning up  the place.

While she worked a startling thought suddenly came to her. How had he known? He 
would have had some way of looking at her to see her wearing the dress. That
meant he  had the place wired - for all she knew the whole place was filled with
cameras! The  thought made her very uncomfortable and afraid. Without realizing
what she was doing  her hands moved to cover her privates. She looked around
carefully, but could see noth- ing out of the ordinary. Maybe there were only
cameras on the bedroom? She walked into  the bedroom - suddenly feeling like a
stranger in her own home.

Now where did they always hide the cameras in the movies? She looked up at the
air-vent  and a chill ran down her spine. She went to the kitchen and got a
screw-driver. Whilst  standing on a chair she went to work on the four little
screws. The grill came off to reveal -  nothing. She sighed in relief and
replaced the grill.

Where else could it be? Again she scanned the room. Suddenly the whole place
felt for- eign - she could swear somebody was watching her.

Hmmm - What was that black spot on the ceiling? She pulled the chair over and
inspected  the ceiling. It was just a spot.

She sat down on the bed and looked around in frustration. She couldn't shake off
the  feeling of being watched and yet she couldn't find any sign of the camera.
Finally all she  could do was drag her legs up to her body and hug them with her
arms. For a long time  she just sat like that, gently swaying from front to
back.

============

Sharon sat staring out her office window. She had another week to go before her
holiday  and it wouldn't be a moment too soon. Things were really turning sour
at work. A female  co-worker had lodged a formal complaint against her boss and
she'd been called to testify  as well.

For a while she'd thought they'd win, after all it was two against one. But then
it turned out  the co-worker had exaggerated a few of the facts to make her case
seem stronger and  she'd been caught out. Now nobody trusted either of their
testimonies and the boss was  back in his old position. He's been using every
possible opportunity to make her pay and  she was working like a dog.

Then there was Andrew. He'd suddenly started calling her at work and she didn't
know  how to handle him. What was she supposed to tell him? That she didn't like
him? He'd  know it was a lie. That it would simply not work out? He'd want to
know why not.

So she humored him, making excuses to all his invitations but not saying no
out-right. She  felt so guilty about the situation. She knew she had to nip it
in the bud but a large, power- ful part of her liked the attention. It felt good
to be wanted again, to see that look in some- body's eyes and to know what it
meant. The problem was that it was also very frustrating -  for both of them.
He'd look deep into her eyes and she'd melt. She'd long to kiss him, to  hold
onto his broad chest and pull him close. Instead she'd be forced to look away,
or  make a silly joke to diffuse the situation. And then, when the moment had
passed and she  could breathe again, then the aching in her berates would be at
it's worst.

She sighed and turned back to the computer. She was working on a large
complicated  spreadsheet and it was giving her troubles. Why was it that
computers used such strange  symbols and functions to do the simplest little
calculation?

After a few minutes she got a creepy feeling in her neck and she turned around
to see  Mark standing in her doorway.

"Uhm - sorry - I didn't want to bother you." he said, blushing deeply.

Yeah, right. You just happened to be standing there staring at my butt.

"Can I come in?" he said when she didn't reply.

No, go away. Leave me alone. I don't have the energy to deal with you as well.

She nodded.

"I've been thinking a lot about you since the opera." he said as he came in, his
hands  folded defensively in front of his body. "I was very pleased to find
somebody that shared  my interest." She'd been trying to avoid this conversation
for weeks. She'd been keeping  as far out of his way as was humanly possible.
She'd really thought he'd have forgotten  about that incident by now.

"I know you liked it as much as I did. I could see the passion in your face." he
continued,  all the while staring at his feet, which was a good thing or he
might have seen her blush. "I  was kinda hoping, that is I was thinking, Uhm
what I mean is.." She couldn't help but  smile. He was such a kid.

"I would be honored if you'd go out with me. I would love to show you some more
of the  Opera." He sounded as if he'd been rehearsing that line for days. Better
sort this out right  now.

"Please sit down Mark. I think it's time we talked." She replied in the same
voice she used  with her clients. He sat down gingerly.

"I know you like me, it's glaringly obvious."

He blushed even redder and she began to worry he might hurt himself. How could
there  be any blood left for the rest of his body?

"The truth is I like you as well.."

Oh lord, he's face is going to pop!

"But not in that way. You are at least five years my junior."

He was looking up at her, those sad puppy-dog eyes melting her heart.

She softened her tone.

"The truth is that I'm very flattered, but I'm simply not interested."

He nodded, trying to keep a brave face.

"I don't think we should talk to each other any more - It's just going to be too
hard on both  of us."

She felt like a old school mistress telling a little boy not to smoke behind the
toilets.

"It's just that, well I mean that.." he stuttered.

Suddenly she had no more patience left over.

"Mark, please leave now. I'm not interested. I will never be interested." She
turned around  and pretended to be concentrating on the computer.

After a few seconds of silence she heard him rise and quietly leave the office.




Chapter XVII

"Hello? Is anybody here?" She took a step down the dark passage. "Hellooo?" Her
voice  echoed down the passage. The hairs on the back of her neck was standing
up and she  very nervous. She turned around but the heavy oak door behind here
was still locked. She  turned back to the passage and tried to peer into the
darkness. Her hands were covering  her naked body defensively and she could feel
her arms shivering in the cold damp air.  What was going on here? Where were
she? She slowly started walking down the pas- sageway, her naked feet shuffling
along over the damp stones. For a long while she shuf- fled along in the dark,
her fear slowly growing. After what seemed like years she finally  spotted a
faint light in the distance. She quickened her pace and walked up to a single 
candle burning on a lone table. She looked around and was amazed to see the
floor  stretching away to infinity. During her walk in the dark she must've
entered a large cavern  or something.

"Hello?" she shouted, surprised at how small and desolate her voice sounded. A
cold  shiver went down her back and suddenly she wanted to be anywhere but that
cavern. She  stood around for a few seconds, confused and lost. The candle was
nailed down onto the  table and despite her best efforts she couldn't dislodge
it. Finally she gave up and looked  around desperately. She took a few steps and
turned around. Which direction had she  come from? She took another few steps,
changed her mind and set off in a different direc- tion.

Suddenly she felt something light and sticky cling to her face and hair and she
gave a  small shriek of surprise. She reeled back in disgust as her waving hands
met a thick spi- ders web. She scratched and pulled at the hundreds of sticky
strands quickly covered her  head and hair. She turned around and fled back to
the candle, dragging a net of thin wires  along with her.

Back at the candle she tried desperately to rid herself of the web, but for
every one she  managed do dislodge a hundred others found a place to stick.
Realizing that she was  fighting a losing battle she gave up and headed off in a
new direction. This time she man- aged to walk quite a distance before she
encountered another web.

As before she scratched and clawed at the web, but it quickly enveloped her in
it's fine  strands. She backed off, but this time she could feel that the
strands were anchored to  something on the floor. She fought the strands, but it
was like fighting mist, she could  break a single stand quite easily but the
whole clung to her like glue. She could feel the  panic rising and she pulled
back, trying to get back to the light. The strands stretched as  she pulled on
them, allowing her to go without actually releasing her. It felt as if she was 
dragging a weight behind her as she tried desperately to get back to the distant
candle.  She stumbled into another web and she was quickly covered in a whole
new set of  strands. Again she pulled and again she felt the strands resist as
she was anchored to a  second point on the floor. Every part of her was being
covered with silk and it felt as if  she'd fallen into a pot of syrup. She
fought valiantly, but the combined weight of the two  strands was getting to her
and already she could feel herself growing tired.

Before long she'd stumbled into a third and then a fourth web, each one keeping
her an- chored to a different part of the floor. She was now in a full-blown
panic attack, crying and  shrieking as her hands and feet worked to free her
from the sticky mess. The pull was too  much to resist and she stumbled
backwards into the darkness, right into yet another web,  then another and
another. Pretty soon she was standing in the middle of a dozen webs,  each one
pulling her body in a different direction.

She screamed in despair but her mouth and face was being covered by the stands
and  the sound came out muffled. The more she fought the less movement she had
and in  desperation she felt her hands and arms being pinned against her sides.
She twisted and  turned her body but all it did was to wrap the strands around
her like a cocoon. After a few  minutes she was almost completely immobile and
it was a battle just to keep her balance.  She stood quietly, her chest heaving
as she rested.

Suddenly she heard a light, feminine giggle off to her left. She twisted her
head to see  who it was but could make out nothing in the dark. Something gave a
hard tug on the  stands from the right and she gave another muffled scream as
she almost fell over. Her  whole body was shivering with fear but there was
nothing she could do. Suddenly she  heard a strange clicking sound approach her
from behind and she froze, her eyes darting  from side to side in fear. The
clicking stopped right behind her and she held her breath,  too afraid to move.
Suddenly she felt something cold, hard and pointy scratch against her  leg and
she almost fainted.

She started struggling anew but only managed to get herself even more tightly
wrapped.  She struggled for a few more seconds but she was already too tired to
do much and soon  she was quiet again. She heard the clicking sound move behind
her and held her breath  as it circled around her to the front. She almost
fainted as a large black spider appeared  from her side and came to stand in
front of her. The creature was at least as tall as she  was with ugly black
spikes covering it's whole body. It had a human face and her eyes  grew wide in
terror as she recognized her boss.

It stood quietly before her, it's ugly black torso bouncing lightly up and down
as it balanced  between it's eight legs. It lifted one of it's legs and a cold
tremor ran down her body as it  probed and prodded her chest. The claw moved
over her neck and chest and plucked at  her nipple before moving down to between
her legs. It plucked at the strands and quickly  made a small triangular hole
over her sex. She closed her eyes in fear and disgust as the  claw probed and
scratched between her legs. Suddenly there was a loud, high pitched  screech and
she opened her eyes just in time to see a second spider attach the first. The 
second spider was quite a bit smaller and she wasn't completely surprised to see
Mark's  face on it. Although smaller it fought with a determined ferocity and
the two spiders rolled  around in a tangled mess of limbs and spikes. More
spiders arrived and she recognized  Andrew and Jake as they joined in the fight,
each one trying to kill the other with a deadly  ferocity. Her colleague from
the office joined in, hell bent on trying to decapitate her boss.  A large
hulking mass of spikes came lumbering past and she immediately recognized the 
bouncer form the club. A large, pitch-black spider joined out of nowhere and her
heart  froze as she recognized the dark man form the club. It fought with quick,
stealthy move- ments, moving around like a flash.

She was so intent on the fight she didn't notice the last spider until it
touched her. She  jerked her head to the left as far as it would go and gasped
as she recognized Anette.  Anette was ignoring the fight, her attention focused
on Sharon. She used one of her thin  sharp claws to scratch and tease her left
breast. Sharon mewed and again she tried to get  away but it was useless, Anette
could do a she pleased. While her first claw continued to  play with her breasts
a second found her sex.

Sharon closed her eyes as she was once again about to be invaded but suddenly
the  whole cavern started shaking from a low, deep rumbling. All the spiders
froze and looked  around expectantly. A second, even louder rumble filled the
cavern and the spiders scat- tered, the fight completely forgotten. Sharon tried
to turn around but she was still tightly  bound and could not move. For ages it
seemed as if nothing was going to happen but then  she felt faint tremors on the
web. Out of the blue she was being dragged backwards and  she lost her balance.
She squirmed and wriggled on the floor as her body was slowly  pulled away from
the light. She sensed a large, hulking mass somewhere behind her and  again she
tried to scream as she was pulled towards it. Ever so slowly she was pulled into 
the dark, the anchors breaking as easily as if they were made from clay. She
looked back  to the distant candle and blinked hard as it swam in the tears in
her eyes. For a few more  minutes she concentrated on the diminishing light as
she was pulled over the floor. The  darkness finally enveloped her like a cold,
wet blanket and she uttered a last, desperate  scream.

Sharon stood in the queue, biting her lower lip. She looked up at the metal
detector and  almost chickened out again. This isn't going to work! She took
another step as the queue  moved ahead. She had an excuse ready in case she was
discovered but to her it sounded  feeble and unlikely. She looked back at the
airport's entrance and watched a yellow cab  drive off. Oh how she longed to be
in that cab! Instead she turned around and looked back  at the gate. She was
dressed in a light cream business suit and matching skirt. Her neck  was covered
by one of her white librarian blouses and she had a matching handbag  thrown
over her shoulder. The man in front of her placed his briefcase on the conveyor 
belt and stepped through the gate without incident. She squared her shoulders,
took a  deep breath and stepped forwards.

The new instructions had arrived two days into her vacation. She'd been
instructed her to  be at the airport at eight AM the following morning and to
pick up her ticket from the  check-in counter. With no idea where she was
heading and she packed everything she  could fit into her three suitcases. The
night was spent in anxious anticipation as her mind  raced through the
possibilities. Where was she going? What did he want from her this  time? Was
she going to meet him at last? The next morning she'd woken up early and  gotten
ready. She had arrived at the airport a good hour and a half earlier than
instructed  and her legs had felt wobbly as she'd approached the check-in
counter. As the computer  searched for her name she couldn't help stepping
around in nervous impatience. The clerk  handed her the boarding pass and she
tried to act as nonchalant as possible while she  scanned the document. New
Orleans? It took her half a second to make the connection.  New Orleans meant
the Mardi Gras!

The metal detector screeched a loud warning and she almost burst out crying.

"Please step this way ma'm" requested the security officer in a polite, clipped
voice. She  stepped to one side, her face blushing a furious red. He waved a
hand-held scanner over  her torso and the thing went nuts.

"Ma'm, do you have any metallic objects in or under your clothes." he asked.

"Yes, uhm, I wear a medical brace. I'm afraid that's what's making the noise."
She replied,  praying that he would believe her. "Company policy requires us to
do a body search in  cases like this. Please come with me." He said, pointing
the way down a passage. She  retrieved her handbag and followed the officer.

He led her to a small room and held the door open for her.

"Please wait here. A female officer will attend to you shortly. Feel free to
make yourself  comfortable." He said and closed the door behind her. The room
was bare except for two  plastic chairs and a table. On one wall several coat
hanger hung from a bare metal pipe.  She sat down and placed her hands on her
knees, trying her level best to hold back the  trembling that was racking her
body.

After several minutes of anguished waiting a female officer finally arrived. The
woman was  tall with strong, almost masculine shoulders. Her hair was wound in a
tight black bun and  her hawkish nose gave her a aggressive, stern look.

"Good morning." she said as she entered and closed the door behind her. "My
name's  Liona."

"Hello" replied Sharon, not trusting her voice to say anything else.

"I was informed that you are wearing a medical brace. Is that correct?"

Sharon just nodded.

"As you might appreciate security is of great importance. Can I request that you
remove  the brace for an inspection?" she said as her sharp eyes inspected
Sharon's body.

"I'm afraid I can't. It can only be removed by my doctor you see." she replied,
cursing her  quivering voice. Liona nodded, obviously this was all routine to
her. "In that case I have to  request that you undress for a visual inspection.
I realize that it is inconvenient but I'm  sure you understand that it is
required." Sharon just nodded and looked down at the floor.  The moment the
metal detector had gone off she'd known it would come to this. Sharon  stood up
and slowly took her jacket off. Liona took it from her and hung it on one of the 
coat hangers. Sharon could already feel herself blush as her shaky fingers
worked on the  blouse's buttons. As the blouse slowly opened she could see
Liona's whole demeanor  change from calm and professional to surprised and
shocked. Her hard, darting eyes grew  large as she followed Sharon's hands and
it was clearly difficult for her to keep her com- posure. Sharon slipped the
blouse from her shoulders and handed it to Liona. She  crossed her arms
defensively in front of her body and stood staring at the floor. It was  several
seconds before Liona could bring herself to speak. "The skirt as well please." 
Sharon imagined she heard something in the voice, something that made her even
more  uncomfortable than what she already was. She wanted to protest but as she
looked up at  Liona's face she realized that it was useless. The hard,
professional look was firmly back  in place. She looked down again and reached
behind her, her fingers finding the clip to the  skirt. Her fingers were numb
and trembling as she undid the clip and pulled the zip down.  She let the skirt
fall down to the floor and picked it up, handing it to Liona with downcast 
eyes. The shame flooded all over her body and even her feet were blushing. Liona
walked  around the table and stood beside her. Sharon's hands were locked in
front of her stom- ach, trying to cover as much of her crotch as was possible.
Liona slowly walked around  her, inspecting every inch of her body while Sharon
kept staring at the floor. For several  seconds she stood behind her, neither
one of them saying a word. Suddenly she felt two  hands take a firm hold of her
waist. "What the hell..." she said in shock as she tried to twist  around.
Liona's hands held her firmly and wouldn't allow her to turn around. "What are
you  doing? Let me go!" said Sharon as she tried to push the hands from her
waist. Suddenly  Liona let go and stepped back and Sharon flew around angrily.
Liona was trying her best  to look professional but there was no mistaking the
glimmer in her eyes. Suddenly Sharon  felt very vulnerable.

"Why did you do that? I thought it was only going to be a visual inspection."
She tried to  sound angry but her voice squeaked in fear.

"I don't think that's a back brace. I think you're lying." Liona replied. "I've
worked here for  years and I've never seen a brace like that before." She
stepped back up to Sharon and  stood uncomfortably close. "I have seen other
things though.." She pressed her palm  against Sharon's chest and forced her
back against the edge of the table. "strange, shiny,  hard..." she forced Sharon
to lean back over the table, bending over herself so that their  faces almost
touched "kinky things. Sexual things. Erotic things."

Sharon was too surprised to put up much of a fight. How had things turned so
strange so  suddenly? How the hell had she gotten into this situation? What did
the woman want from  her?

Liona moved her hand slightly and suddenly it was over Sharon's breast rather
than on  her chest.

"No! Get off! Leave me alone!" she protested but the woman was surprisingly
strong.  Suddenly there was a knock at the door and both women jumped in
surprise.

"Liona, are you still busy in there? We have a second search for you to do."

As quick as a flash Liona stepped back and regained her composure.

"I'm just finishing up in here Ben, I'll be done in a minute."

They both listened as the steps retreated down the passageway. Liona turned
around and  faced Sharon. She was completely business-like and composed as she
handed Sharon  her skirt.

"Thank you ma'm - you are free to leave. Thank you for your patience." Sharon's
jaw  worked in silent shock as her mind tried to come to grips with the rapidly
changing circum- stances. By the time she'd gotten her vocal cords working Liona
was long gone.

Sharon lay down on the big double bed. She thought back over the last couple of
hours  and sighed a deep breath of relief. No matter what her instructions were,
she was NOT  flying back home. It was either the bus or the train, to hell with
the consequences. There  was no way she was going to go through that ordeal
again. Curling up on the bed she was  asleep in seconds.




Chapter XVIII

She stood on the crest of the dune and looked down at the rolling waves. The
warm sun  shined down on her face and a slight breeze toyed with her sun dress.
She walked down  to the waters edge, enjoying the carefree freedom of simply
being at the beach. The cool  sand at the waters edge was lovely to walk on and
she started wandering down the  beach. She was all alone and she preferred it
that way. No crowds, no noisy kids. A whole  stretch of white beach all to
herself. The bay ended in a rocky point sticking out to sea and  she decided to
walk towards it.

As she approached the rocks her nose started twitching - something smelled
delicious.  She scampered up the rocks and looked over to the other side. The
large boulders formed  a small, private enclosure that was a perfect shelter
against the breeze. A small fire was  merrily burning in the enclosure and a
skewered fish was propped up between two stakes.  Her mouth watered at the
delicious sight of the brown fish and she carefully approached.  She noticed a
pair of large brown feet sticking out from behind a boulder and she froze.  The
owner of the feet was quietly rumbling away and she smiled as she realized he
was  fast asleep. She climbed down and rescued the fish from burning.

Suddenly the snoring stopped and the two feet disappeared. A moment later a
large mop  of sun bleached hair came walking round it, shortly followed by a
body. The man was  young, barely out his teens. His young body was firm and
strong, the skin tanned to a  golden bronze colour.

He was rubbing the sleep out of his eyes and he almost bumped into Sharon before
he  noticed her. He stumbled back and his mouth fell open in surprise.

"I'm sorry - I didn't mean to scare you - your fish was burning so I took it
off."

"Who are you?" he asked.

She stuck her hand out and discovered it still contained the fish.

"Oh - uhm - here. I guess this is yours." She said as she handed the fish over
sheepishly.  "My name's Sharon." He had the most beautiful eyes, as deep and as
blue as the ocean  itself.

He put the fish down and cleaned his hands on the seat of his pants.

They shook hands and she couldn't help but notice the muscles in his chest and
shoulders  ripple as he shook her hand. She sat down with her back against one
of the boulders and  watched him as he moved around the small enclosure.

"What are you doing here? This beach is supposed to be private property." she
asked. He  sat down next to her and handed her a tin plate.

"I'm up from Brisbane on holiday. I backpack my way around the place,
hitch-hiking and  walking from one place to the next. I hadn't realized I was on
private property, Down- Under all the beaches are public property up to the
high-water mark."

She just nodded and smiled as he loaded her plate with half of the fish. He
continued his  story as they ate. His name was Bane and he was a professional
windsurfer, apparently  quite famous in his own country.

He made enough money to spend the off-season wandering the world. He'd been
almost  everywhere, Europe, Africa, the Far East. She was fascinated by his
tales of adventure  and absolutely hypnotized by his warm body right next to
hers.

They finished eating and she started looking for a rag or something to wipe the
sticky hot  oil from her hands and chin. Seeing her problem Bane leaned over and
took her hand in  his. A slight smile played around his mouth as he gently
placed each finger in his mouth,  licking it clean. She smiled and moved closer
so that he could reach the other hand as  well. The next moment his mouth met
hers and they kissed long and hard. He placed his  oily hand on her thigh and
slowly started rubbing up and down her leg. She giggled into  his mouth and as
they stopped kissing she seized her chance to jump up and race down  to the
water. She dove into the cool ocean with dress and all with him following a
second  later. They giggled and splashed around for a while while they played a
game of tag in the  rolling waves. She soon grew tired and he caught her,
wrapping her up in his strong arms.  Again they kissed and she gasped as he
picked her up in his powerful arms.

He carried her back to the fire and lay her down on the sand. While they kissed
his hands  found the hem of her dress and he pulled the wet fabric up over her
head. She was wear- ing the skimpiest of string bikini's and she blushed deeply
as he leaned back to admire her  body.

Except for three very small pieces of fabric he had free reign over her body and
soon his  hands were exploring every inch of her burning skin. His hands were
expert in their task  and they drove her wild wherever they wandered. She gasped
and arched her back as his  hands continued their journey and she moved her
palms over the hard bumps and ridges  of his chest. Again they embraced and
kissed, stretching the moment out as long as they  could. Suddenly a powerful,
urgent need overcame her and she moaned as she pressed  her pelvis hard into
his.

His rock-hard member strained against the fabric of his pants and she reached
down to  remove the interfering garment. She was so overcome with lust she
hardly noticed him  undoing the bikini's two knots and it was only when his
hands teased her naked nipples  that she realized what he'd done. She soon had
him naked as well and he rolled over into  her open, waiting thighs.

Sharon woke up late and for a few seconds she was confused by the unfamiliar
sur- roundings. She stood up and stretched luxuriously - it was the first time
in ages she'd not  been forced to sleep in bondage.

Walking over to the phone she dialed room service and ordered a large breakfast
- after  all, he was paying.

She took a quick shower and got dressed in a casual T-shirt and Jeans.

Walking back to the bed she sat down and re-read the instructions that had been
left for  her at the airport.

Dear Sharon

Welcome to New Orleans. A room has been booked at the Holiday-Inn under the 
name Sharon Suiter. Feel free to order anything you need - all expenses will be 
taken care off. Feel free to explore the city and join in the festivities.

Further instructions will be forthcoming in due time.

Her eyes were drawn to the 'Dear Sharon' bit. This letter was so different from
the others  she'd been getting. It was almost friendly - like an old friend
writing to her. She couldn't  help the nervous excitement building in her
stomach as her mind toyed with the implica- tions. Did this mean anything? Was
he indeed becoming friendlier? What did it signal?  Was things at last coming to
a point? And what about the further instructions? What was  in store for her? A
polite knock on the door signaled the arrival of her breakfast and she  put the
letter aside.

The city was preparing for the Mardi Gras and she was assaulted by a heady mix
of col- ours, sounds and smells. The streets was packed and she was jostled and
bumped as the  crowds surged past her. The festive spirit of the crowd was
infectious and she was thor- oughly enjoying herself. She wandered aimlessly
through the city streets while she sam- pled the different culinary delights of
the street vendors. It was amazing how being on  holiday lifted her spirit. She
wandered along without a care in the world.

She spotted a small alley and, feeling the need for a cigarette, headed for it.
She entered  the alley and stood in the mouth while she lighted up. The crowds
came surging past and  she enjoyed watching them, she even allowed her eyes to
wander to a few attractive  butts.

It was amazing how many men in this city wore tight jeans. Before long her
imagination  was running away with her and she stood mesmerized, visions of
rippling muscles and  broad chest floating through her mind.

For once she gave her imagination free reign - after all, this was her holiday.
It was only  the sharp sting of the cigarette burning between her fingers that
finally managed to bring  her back to reality.

She dropped the cigarette and leaned against a rough wall. Her breasts were
aching furi- ously and she knew that walking would only make it worse. She could
already feel the fa- miliar feeling of her slick walls pushing in on the dildo.
Despite her best efforts to control  herself she felt her sex do a few quick
spasmic contractions on the hard object. She  sighed deeply and searched for
something to distract her mind.

A brief noise behind her frightened her and she swung around in surprise. It was
only a  feral cat, rubbing itself against the side of a dumpster. She relaxed
and looked up into the  alley. It was the standard inner city version. A tangled
mess of lines, laundry, windows and  a fire escape. She was about to head back
to the street when a small sign drew her no- tice. It was a old, faded paper
flier stuck to the wall on a wooden board. It proclaimed the  existence of
"Madam Oyliougn's Parlor of Secret Sight : palms read, future's told and se-
crets revealed." A arrow underneath pointed the way down the alley and around
the bend.  Shrugging a 'what the hell' shrug she set off down the alley.

Sharon stood in front of the plain wooden door and looked at the bell.

She was definitely at the right place, but she'd expected more voodoo, more ...
stuff. A  bare wooden door, a cracked wooden plaque and an ancient bell was not
quite what she'd  expected. Obviously Madam Oyliougn (how the hell did you
pronounce that anyway?)  wasn't the most successful of palm readers in the city.
She was about to turn back when  the door slowly opened with a loud creak. A
ancient woman, so bent that she could almost  rest her chin on her cane, stood
in the doorway. Without a word she turned around and  disappeared into the dim
shadows of the room. For a second Sharon stood undecided  outside the door.

"Entr�e Madam sivouplez." creaked a ancient voice from the inside. She took a
deep sigh  and entered.

The inside of the shop was the exact opposite of the outside. Every nook and
cranny was  filled with bottles, candles, ornaments and powders. Sharon almost
gagged as the strong  smell of incense and spice assaulted her nose. The old
woman was laboriously seating  herself behind a small round table in the middle
of the small room. She walked over and  seated herself across from the woman. It
was impossible to judge how old she was, eighty  at the very least. Sharon
couldn't prevent a sharp intake of breath as the woman looked  up at her. Her
pupils were covered with thick, milky cataracts, making her as blind as a  bat.
She rambled away in french and Sharon had to touch her hand to draw her
attention.

"English? Can you please speak English?" she said.

"Oui" said the old lady, nodding her head.

The old woman continued in broken english "Palm mademoiselle? palm sivouplez."
she  stuck out her hand, waiting for Sharon to give her her hand. Reluctantly
Sharon reached  out and placed her hand in the old woman's hand. How was she
going to read her palm if  she couldn't see? The old woman rubbed and stroked
Sharon's hand as if it needed  cleaning. She used a fingernail to trace the
lines along her palm. The whole time she was  doing this the old woman kept up a
flowing monologue in french. Suddenly the french  switched over to english.

"What we want is what we fear. The good is the bad is the good. The road is
straight with  many turns."

What the hell? "What we fear is what we want. The body is the soul and the mind
is the  body, just as the soul is the mind."

Uhmmm....

"We search love, we search sorrow. For some the search is the love."

For a few seconds she paused and then she looked down at Sharon's waist.

"Him that has the key is him that has the heart. Him that has the heart must
find the key."

Again she paused. She looked up at Sharon's face and in a clear, quiet voice she
spoke.

"He's here. Like the eagle in the clouds he watches you. He is on you, with you,
but not by  you. The time is near, prepare yourself. The time is right but not
the place."

Sharon blinked a few times. A quiet silence passed between them.

Suddenly the woman let go and she dove back into her french monologue.

Sharon tried to speak to her, to question her, but the old woman had drawn back
into her  shell. Sharon could get no reaction out of her, it was as if she
wasn't even in the same  room. She finally gave up and rose from the table.
Dropping a ten dollar bill on the table  she let herself out.

Sharon sat on the bed with a package on her lap. It had been waiting for her at
the recep- tion on her return. She'd spent the whole day wandering the streets,
but after her run-in  with the palm reader she couldn't quite capture the same
care-free spirit she had that  morning.

The woman's garbled and senseless words had kept on returning to her.

Finally, realizing that the day was ruined she'd decided to return to her hotel.

It was time to open the package and see what he had in mind for her.

With shaking hands she nervously opened the package. It contained a large white
box  and with a letter taped onto it. Removing the letter she opened it and read
the instructions.

Dear Sharon

Inside the box you'll find a costume for you to wear to the carnival. You are to
min- gle freely with the crowd and take part in the festivities. Do not try to
hide or be un- obtrusive. I want you right in the middle of the festivities. You
are only to wear  what's in the box, no other garments (including jewelry) may
be worn. You are to be  out and about no later than 8pm.

PS: Once you have put the costume on you won't be able to remove it for eight 
hours.

Do not return to the hotel until the eight hours has expired.

Putting the letter down Sharon stared at the box for a moment. Taking a deep
sigh she  stood up and placed it on the corner of the bed. She opened it up and
looked inside. A  confusing mixture of colours, straps, glitter and metal filled
her sight.

Taking out the top garment she saw that it was a small face mask. It would only
cover her  eyes, leaving most of the face visible. At the front was a small
silver broach covered with  cut glass diamonds that would fit snugly over the
bridge of her nose. The mask was made  from soft satin on the inside, but the
outside was covered with small shiny blue feathers,  neatly overlapping each
other like the wings of a bird.

Several long blue feathers fanned vertically from the broach, forming a small
peacock's  tail that would stick up in front of her brow.

Laying the mask on the bed she next removed a pair of gloves. They were made
from the  same satin as the mask and were also covered in small blue feathers.
Once worn they  would cover her hands and wrists almost all the way up to her
elbows.

Next she removed a pair of pumps. They were at least 6 inches high and coloured
the  same as the feathers. A pair of shiny dark-blue stockings had been put
inside each one.

Next came a large jumble of feathers and straps. At first she couldn't
understand how it  worked, but turning it over she discovered two cups that
would fit over her breasts. The  garment was worn over the chest and shoulders,
covering her breasts and neck. It was  basically a large feather fan attached to
a bra and choker. The choker and bra was also  covered in the same little
feathers as the gloves and mask, but it was stiff and hard. It was  obviously
not made of satin. The fan was made of large feathers, coloured to create a 
shimmering rainbow of colours.

A very big silver broach with the same cut-glass diamonds anchored everything at
the  back.

The last garment was a stiff panty with a long tail of feathers. As with the
other garments  the panty was covered in the same little feathers. The tail was
made of long synthetic  feathers that first rose and then gracefully fell down
to the floor. It looked like a horse's tail,  only more colourful. Feeling the
feathers she was grateful to discover that they were made  from shiny fabric
that could be crushed and bent without being damaged. She was about  to put the
garment down when she discovered something that made her blush a deep  crimson
red.

On the inside of the panty was a thin dildo, split in two. She tried twisting
the dildo off but it  was firmly stuck in place. The only way she could wear the
garment was if she inserted  the dildo into her anus. The split in the dildo
would accommodate the thin metal wire of the  suit she was wearing. She also
discovered that the panty had a very thin sanitary pad  glued in to the front.
He'd evidently anticipated the fact that she might be having her pe- riod while
wearing the garment. Luckily her period was still more than a week away. As 
with the fan and bra a large silver broach kept the whole thing together.

Sharon got out of the shower and started the routine of drying herself and the
suit. She  had made sure she had completely emptied her bowels before taking the
shower. For  some reason she felt awkward walking around the room in her suit.
Maybe it was because  of her new surroundings or maybe because she was so
nervous - she wasn't sure.

She was finally dry and turned her attention to her hair. She dried them as well
and then  sat down in front of the mirror. how would she go about this? Maybe a
braid? Since no  instructions had been given she could decide for herself how
she wanted to look.

In the end she decided to wear light, natural looking makeup with a french
braid. Finally  she darkened the area around her eyes so that it would look
natural while wearing the  mask. She turned around and looked at the bed.

She decided to start with the brassiere. She had discovered that the whole
structure split  open at the broach. She struggled to pull it open and get her
arms in at the same time.  She finally managed to push the two sections apart by
making a wedge with her arms and  pushing down onto the bed. She wriggled and
squirmed her arms into the breach until the  structure popped over her shoulders
and chest. Twisting and adjusting she made sure her  breasts fit snugly inside
the chest cavity before reaching behind her and pressing the two  sections
together. The clasp closed with a final little click. As she'd suspected the
garment  fit perfectly.

Next she picked up the panty. She was filled with disgust and revulsion at the
sight of the  anal dildo and for a while she considered the possibility of
ignoring his instructions. The  memory of her last bout of punishment came
flooding back and she realized she had no  choice in the matter.

She had no jelly to cover the dildo with and she panicked as she realized she'd
have to  force it in dry. In the end, after circling the room several times in
frustration she settled on  using skin moisturizer on the dildo, it was better
than nothing and she was sure it wouldn't  cause burning.

The panty also split open at the broach and she stepped into it.

Bending down she almost lost her balance as the large fan on her back bent down
with  her. Keeping the panty open she pulled it up until she could feel the
dildo tickle her anus.  While holding on to the panty with her left hand she
used her right hand to adjust the dildo  so that the wire was seated between the
two lobes. She tried to pull the dildo into her but  her anus instantly
contracted and try as she might she could not get it to penetrate. The  more she
tried to relax the more her anus clenched itself. It was the first time she'd
ever  had her anus penetrated and she had not realized how difficult it would
be.

In desperation she decided to lower herself onto a stool in front of the mirror.
She slowly  and awkwardly waddled over to the stool and turned around. She had
to keep hold of the  panty while she tried to lower herself down. Fearful of
losing her balance she slowly low- ered herself onto the stool. She gasped as
the dildo pushed into her body, forcing itself  deeper and deeper. Finally it
was all the way in and she noticed that the stem of the dildo  was a lot thinner
than the dildo itself, allowing her anus to clench the foreign object within 
herself. Standing up she tried to get used to the strange sensation but it was
useless. She  tried a few steps and could feel the thing move inside her as her
muscles moved. Assured  that everything was in place she closed the clasp, but
it would not lock.

At first she thought that she was not pushing hard enough, but it soon became
clear that  something was wrong. Still holding on to the garment she re-read the
letter but there was  no indication of what was wrong.

Finally she noticed the two stockings in the shoes. Unrolling one of the
stocking she saw  that the top lip had several small holes in them.

She'd noticed some small knobs on the inside of the panty and she now realized
that the  stockings were supposed to be attached to them.

Realizing that she would have to take the panty off to get to the knobs she
cried in frustra- tion and anger. After calming down she pushed the panty down
and the dildo came out  with a unpleasant sucking sound. Looking down she
groaned as she saw the brown stain  on the dildo.

Fifteen minutes later she was ready to try again. She had washed the dildo and
herself  thoroughly and had attached the stockings. The small knobs she had seen
turned out to  be the heads of little pins, almost like tacks, over which she
could attach the lips of the  stockings.

Once again she moisturized the dildo and stepped into the panty. This time she
only  pulled it up to around her knees and then she sat down.

The feathery tail was everywhere and as she rolled the stockings onto her feet
she had to  keep pushing the feathers out of the way. While attaching the
stockings she had discov- ered that they were actually quite stiff and hard.
Obviously they were made for heavy-duty  use and would not break or ladder
easily.

Another thing that she had discovered was that they were quite short.

It took quite an effort to pull them all the way up her thighs. It was very
tricky to keep pull- ing at the stockings while trying to guide the dildo into
place. She soon realized that using  the chair trick would not work because she
had to try and keep her balance while pulling  on the panty. Finally she decided
to try a different approach.

She lay down on her stomach on the bed with her legs hanging over the side.
Pulling the  panty up until she could feel the dildo she rolled over onto her
side, careful to keep her  legs straight. She slowly and carefully rolled onto
her back while trying not to crush the fan  with her weight. Using her elbows to
support her weight she pulled and wriggled inside the  panty until she could
feel the dildo begin to penetrate. Once she was sure the dildo was in  the right
place she slowly sat upright, putting more and more pressure on her anus. The 
dildo slowly slid into place. Once she was seated properly she could once again
feel her  anus clinch the narrow neck of the dildo.

Wriggling and squirming until she was sure everything was in place she once
again  pushed onto the broach and this time it closed with a final little click.

Sharon stood in front of the mirror while she pulled the gloves over her wrists.
She had to  admit that she looked spectacular in the new outfit. The outfit
masked the true purpose of  her suit perfectly.

Although the silver gauze that made up most of the suit was clearly visible it
looked part of  her new outfit and seemed natural. As promised she had been
unable to un-do any of the  broaches, they were solidly shut.

Her ensemble began with the small mask covering her face. The small shiny
feathers  made her look exotic and birdlike. The small cluster of feathers stuck
out from her brow  like the head-gear of an indian chief, the long thin feathers
slightly bent to the back over  her head.

Her head and shoulders were framed by the large colourful fan attached to her
back. The  choker was next and it blended beautifully with the lines of the
mask, accentuating the  illusion that she was a bird-woman. Together with the
long gloves and tail feathers there  could be no doubt as to the theme of her
outfit. The cups of the bra covered her breasts  like two adoring hands over her
chest. Whenever she moved the light would play over the  shiny little feathers
and create a dance of deep blue shades on her chest. Although the  panty and bra
were separate units the suit underneath created the impression that it was  all
one garment.

The panty was exotic and sensual, soft, shiny feathers fanned out from between
her legs  up over her pelvis and around her hips. The rather skimpy garment was
given body by the  large and fluffy tail sticking out behind her. It started
with a impetuous little rise on her tail- bone before it bent down and flowed in
ribbon of colour down to her ankles. Because the  stockings were attached to the
inside of the panty they looked like part of the garment.  Sharon could not help
but notice how tight they were, squeezing and forming her legs as  they hugged
her thighs. They were especially tight over her hips and rump and she was 
delighted to see that they caused her buns to look tight and fit. They were also
dark blue  and shiny, each with a black line running up the back of her legs.
The pumps were cov- ered with even smaller darker little feathers rounding of
the theme of the ensemble.

Sharon had another 20 minutes to go before she had to leave the hotel.

She decided to walk around a bit and get used to the ensemble.

Although tight and uncomfortable the shoes did not nearly demand as much
attention as  the shaft in her anus. Try as she might she could not get used to
the tight intrusive feeling  up her rear. As she walked she realized that she
was waddling like a duck and she con- centrated on walking decently. After a few
rounds she finally managed to get the look right  and she decided to take a
rest. Before she could think she had plonked herself down on  the bed. A small
gasp escaped her lips as the dildo was pressed even deeper into her  rear.
Jumping up she instinctively tried to make a grab for the rod, only to be
stopped by a  large and bushy tail. Sighing in frustration she decided that she
had to get it over and  done with. Doing some final touch-ups to her makeup she
grabbed her keys and left the  room.

Sharon walked into the hallway and immediately wished she could flee back into
the room.  There were a lot of patrons about and she had immediately drawn
everybody's attention.  Feeling completely naked and vulnerable she blushed
deeply and averted her eyes. She  wasn't the only one wearing a costume but hers
was by far the most exotic.

Pulling the door closed behind her she stared at the floor while she walked down
to the  elevator. She could feel the stares of the people around her as they
quietly whispered to  each other. She had taken almost two dozen steps before
she realized that she was wad- dling again.

Concentrating on walking properly she looked up and saw that she had reached the
lift.  Wishing she could melt into the stone she pressed the button and stood
with her back to  the passageway. She could hear people approaching behind her
but she refused to turn  around. After what felt like ages the elevator arrived
and she stepped in.

The elevator was almost full when she got in and she was forced to stand tight
against the  other people as they went down to the ground floor. An unnatural
silence immediately de- scended over the passengers when she got in. She had
never before felt so humiliated  and vulnerable as in that lift and she burst
out the doors the moment they opened. She felt  as if she was suffocating as she
almost ran through the lobby and onto the street. Here  she felt better as she
mingled with the large, happy, and above all - exotic crowd.




Chapter IXX

Sharon was not wearing a watch, but she felt certain that it would be pretty
close to 8 by  now. That meant that he would be around here somewhere to check
up on her. She tried  to concentrate on the faces but other that the
appreciative glances nobody seemed obvi- ously interested in her. The streets
were packed with people, all of them in a happy party  mood. She joined the
crowd and tried to look relaxed and happy while every little move- ment wiggled
the dildo in her arse. The crowds flowed around her like a happy, bouncing  sea.
Everybody was trying to out-do each other with their costumes. Glitter,
feathers,  straps and flowing ribbons of colour dazzled her vision as patron
after patron came danc- ing by her. In comparison with some of the exotic
costumes around her she almost looked  tame. A woman came bouncing past her,
wearing only a g-string and a pony saddle on  her back.

Suddenly the two nipple brushes came to life inside her suit. It had been so
long since she  had felt them that she almost fainted with surprise. She stood
stock still and concentrated  on breathing while the crowd flowed around her.
After several seconds of frantic stimula- tion the brushes slowed down to a
slow, torturous reminder.

They turned just fast enough to remind her that they were there but not so fast
that they  would hamper her movements. She stood around for a bit, gently
swaying as she fought  to gain control of her body.

Finally confident that she would survive she set off with the crowd, only to be
stopped by a  sharp and thrilling thrust from the butt plug.

Somebody had accidentally stepped on her tail and the plug had wriggled as she
yanked  on the tail. She tugged her tail from under his feet and shot him a look
that could melt  metal. Holding her tail in her hand she walked with the crowd,
all the while trying to keep  her hip movements down to the minimum. She was
slowly getting used to all the stimula- tion and after a while she even managed
to walk normally again.

The crowd seemed to be aimlessly wandering through the streets, dragging her
along.  Crackers and fireworks was going off everywhere and the booze was
flowing freely. Her  jaw and stomach muscles were beginning to ache and she
forced herself to relax. Some- body passed her a bottle of champagne and she
took a long, hard gulp before sending it  along.

The flow of the crowd took her into a large open square with a fountain in the
middle. The  square was packed and she was jostled and bumped as she moved
through the crowd.  She slowly wandered around the fountain, looking for some
clue of what she was to do  next. Several men tried to dance with her as she
walked past but she just smiled sweetly  and passed on by. It took her almost
half an hour to make the journey around the enor- mous square and the constant
motion was making her crazy. She walked over to one of  the buildings circling
the square and rested against the wall. Despite standing still she  could not
escape the brushes on her nipples. It took a lot of self control not to reach
for  her breasts and she firmly held her hands behind her back. She couldn't
resist rubbing her  foot up and down her leg and she sighed as a quick flutter
went through her sex. She was  intensely grateful for the padding inside her
costume - without it her juices would be drip- ping down her leg.

Sharon suddenly got the eerie feeling she was being watched and she scanned the 
crowd. Her heart jumped as she spotted a tall figure in the crowd. He was
standing stock  still as the crowds flowed past him, his gaze not leaving hers
for a moment. The stranger  was dressed in a Zorro costume complete with a large
hat, face mask and a heavy black  cape. For several seconds nothing happened and
they just stood staring at each other.  She could feel the blood rising to her
face as he suddenly started walking towards her.  Was this him? Was this the
meeting she'd longed for?

His tall, muscular frame looked regal and proud as he made his way through the
crowd.  Everything seemed to slow down and she started trembling as the stranger
broke free of  the crowd and made his way up to her. He gave a low, theatrical
bow and took a step for- wards. Her whole body was trembling as he took her hand
and bent down to kiss it.

"Madame. My name is Ronald." he said.

She tried to smile but she was so nervous it looked more like a grin.

"Sharon." was all she could manage.

"I saw you standing here all alone and I just had to come over. Would you mind
some  company?" He asked. His voice was low and strong with a slight French
accent to it. She  re-tried the smile and this time it came out a lot better.

"Not at all." She said and was grateful to hear that her voice wasn't squeaking
too much.  He moved to her side and also leaned against the building.

"There really is a lot of people here this year. It must be the biggest festival
we've had to  date." he said as he looked out over the crowd.

"Are you from New Orleans?" she asked, trying to sound casual.

"Yes. Born and raised here. You?"

"No. I'm only down for a visit. I had to come see the Mardi Gras at least once
in my life."

"Oh it's your first time? With that costume on I thought you were a regular."
His voice  sounded genuinely surprised. Either this wasn't him or he was a
bloody good actor.

"No this is my first. I got the costume from a shop here in town."

"It's really flattering. You have the figure to go with it."

She smiled at the compliment and blushed.

"Are you here on you own?" he asked. She was now almost certain it wasn't him
and she  relaxed.

"Yes. I came down for a holiday." she said and smiled. He seemed so pleased at
the  news. It wouldn't hurt to flirt a little would it? He slided his body
closer to hers and smiled  back at her.

"I find it very hard to believe a beautiful woman like you are all on her own."

She blushed and looked down at her feet. His warm body was pressing up against
hers  and suddenly she was trembling again.

"May I ask how long you intend to stay?" he asked.

Now that was a good question. How could she tell him that she had no idea?

"Oh - only a day or two. I have to get back to work." she said.

"Ah. I see. What is it that you do?"

"I'm an accountant." she replied. "You?"

"I own a few small businesses around here. Mostly restaurants."

He took her hand and examined it, gently and sensually rubbing the skin between
her fin- gers. Combined with the hard, foreign presence in her arse and the slow
insistent rubbing  of her nipples the treatment of her hands were devastating.

"You must be doing well tonight, the city's packed. Is it always this busy?" she
managed to  say with only a slight quivering to her voice.

He had to bend over to her ear as a rowdy troop of revelers came dancing past
them.

"Mardi Gras is a good time yes." he replied to her question.

She couldn't believe how hot she was getting. All she wanted to do was to melt
into his  broad chest and feel his warm skin touch every inch of her body.

"You are a very beautiful woman." he whispered in her ear. She looked up into
his dark  eyes and smiled.

With a quick flourish he spread the cape and covered them both in a large black
nest. His  mouth found hers and she moaned softly as he kissed her. His hands
roamed up and  down her back, pressing her body into his. His hands happened to
stroke her tail and im- mediately her legs turned to rubber.

At last they came up for some air and she cradled her head on his chest. His
arms were  circling her body, holding her in his protective embrace. Without
saying a word they pre- tended to watch the carnival while she waited for the
world to stop spinning.

As she lay against him she realized how futile the whole situation was. After
all, what  could she do next? Invite him to her hotel room? Maybe agree to see
him again. Neither  was an option she could take. He had no idea that the hard
barrier of her "costume" would  separate them forever. Standing there, warm and
protected in his arms she wanted to cry  with frustration.

She felt his hands moving behind her back. Curious to see what he was up to she
tried to  look over her shoulder but the next moment his mouth found hers and
again they kisses  long and hard.

Through the haze of rushing blood and throbbing flesh her nose started twitching
and a  strange, sharp smell invaded her bliss. She pulled back from him and was
about to mouth  the question when her mouth and face was covered by a rag.
Ronald had her head firmly  grasped in his one hand while the other pressed the
rag into her face. The rag was  soaked in a strong, repugnant smell and she
tried to scream. She struggled and lashed  out at him, terror overcoming her
almost immediately. The cape proved the perfect cover  and nobody could see the
desperate situation she was in. She felt her body slip away and  her struggles
quickly became feeble and her legs gave in. She was just about to sink into 
oblivion when the rag was quickly removed from her face. Her body was completely
numb  and it felt as if her head was in a thick haze. Through the haze she heard
the close voices  and laughter of a crowd and the next moment his face was
kissing hers. He held her firmly  and pretended to kiss her while the nearby
group moved past.

She tried desperately to move but her whole body was still lame and she couldn't
rid her- self of the debilitating fog that clouded her thinking. He lifted her
limp body into his arms  and disappeared around a corner of the building.

Sharon was bundled into the boot of a car and the lid firmly slammed down. She
was  slowly getting out of the haze and as her thoughts re-organized themselves
her terror re- turned. As the car swayed and jostled her through the traffic she
slowly managed to regain  control of her limbs. Her right arm was painfully
pinned beneath her body and with a  mighty effort she managed to pull it free.
She lay in the pitch dark confine, her arms hug- ging her trembling body as the
tears flowed down her cheeks. From the rumbling of the  engine and the slow lazy
rocking of the car she knew she was on some highway, rapidly  being sped away
from the city.

After a while she managed to bring her terror under control and she tried to
think about  her situation. Could this man be her tormentor? Her instinct said
no while her logic said  yes. It made good sense for it to be him. Get her away
from her hometown, alone and  isolated where there would be no witnesses. Take
her quickly and quietly, before anybody  could suspect a thing. There was nobody
in New Orleans that would file a missing per- sons report about her. No pesky
cops to start looking for her. Besides, how unlucky could  one person get? It
was unthinkable that she would be involved in two separate, unrelated 
abductions. It simply HAD to be him, nothing else made any sense. The way she
was ab- ducted bothered her though. Thus far everything she'd experienced had
been hi-tech and  carefully planned. The clumsy, almost fatal attack in the
square felt like the work of an  amateur. Why risk discovery? Why do it out in
the open where everybody could see them?  In fact, had the other patrons arrived
a few seconds earlier he would have been caught  out. As it was it had prevented
him from drugging her completely.

She thought about her options and immediately dismissed the idea of surrender.
Could  the small crowd have given her a fighting chance? Did he know that she
hadn't been  completely disabled? It was likely that he thought her completely
drugged. He had no way  of knowing that his attempt had not been quite as
successful as he'd thought. He probably  expected her to be under for quite some
time to come.

Sharon heard the tone of the car change and she realized they were nearing their
desti- nation. It was much sooner than she'd expected and she realized they were
still close, if  not in, New Orleans. She desperately looked around for
something to help her escape.  The lid was firmly shut and no amount of pushing
and scratching would open it up. She  heard the noise of the wheels change and
realized that they were now driving on a gravel  road. Wherever they were going
they were rapidly getting there. The road was bumpy and  she was jostled and
shaken around in the boot.

She suddenly remembered the wheel iron and she frantically tried to lift the
spare wheel's  lid before the car could reach it's destination. Everything was
happening so fast she could  hardly get time to think. The next moment the car
stopped and she froze. With her heart  throbbing in her throat she heard the
door bang as Ronald got out. His shoes made a  crunching noise on the gravel as
he came walking up the side of the car.

She heard his key go into the lock of the boot and she held her breath. Her
whole body  was coiled for the rush. Like a stalking cat she lowered herself
onto the floor and dug in  with her heels.




Chapter XX

The key turned and bright light came rushing in as the boot was opened. Sharon
ignored  the painful stab of light and sprung forwards.

She kept her head down and hit the half-open lid with her shoulder and back.
There was a  loud groan as the outside edge of the boot hit Ronald in the
midriff. Sharon tried jumping  out of the boot but she'd forgotten the high
heels and the fan on her back. She tumbled  out of the car like a sack of
potatoes and hit the ground on her side. Ronald was winded  and stunned but by
no means out. He was standing bent over, his arms circling his waist 
defensively as he tried to get his breath back. Sharon tried desperately to get
to her feet  but her legs were still rubbery and her high heels kept toppling
over. Ronald was already  taking a few shaky steps in her direction and she
crawled around the side of the car on  her hands and feet. If she could get away
from the bright lights surrounding the house she  might have a chance of getting
away. She gave a giant shout of frustration and finally  managed to get to her
feet and start running. She had hardly given three steps when her  lips suddenly
formed a large O and her eyes grew as wide as saucers. Ronald had man- aged to
grab hold of the very tip of her tail and the dildo had slammed into her anus
like a  jack-hammer. She almost fainted as erotic firecrackers of pain exploded
up her spine and  her legs folded beneath her. She sat crouched down on her
haunches and waited for the  world to stop spinning. A second or so later she
managed to look around and she saw  Ronald at the side of the car. He had her
tail in one hand while the other pushed against  the car for support. Even
though he was still recovering from the blow his eyes were al- ready livid with
rage. Sharon panicked as she saw his eyes and grabbed at her tail. She  tried to
yank herself free but he pulled back sharply and again the dildo caused havoc
with  her anus. In two short steps he was by her side and he grabbed hold of her
wrist. Bending  her arm up her back he forced her to stand up and start walking
towards the house. She  was fighting him all the way and the tears rolled down
her face as her heels tried desper- ately to dig in. With his right hand still
holding her arm bent behind her back he pushed her  along wordlessly. She tried
to whirl around out of his grasp but he suddenly grabbed hold  of the base of
her tail and instantly she was as tame as a lamb. Without any further inci- dent
she was marched off to the house.

Sharon was flung down on a large double bed in what she presumed was the master
bed- room. She barely had time to turn over onto her back when he climbed onto
the bed and  sat down on top of her. His hands pinned her wrists down next to
her head and for several  seconds they just stared at each other.

"What? No screaming? No shouting? No telling me what the cops are going to do to
me  when they find out?" he said with a icy voice. She just looked away and
refused to re- spond.

"Are you scared stiff or what?" he sounded surprised that she wouldn't talk.

Still she refused to say anything.

"Maybe you're not screaming because you don't want to be saved? Maybe you're
liking  this too much?" he said. She gave him a look that could strip the paper
off the walls. Still  puzzled he let go of her wrists and leaned back. She used
the opportunity to rub the tears  out of her eyes and rub her wrists where his
rough hands had bruised them.

After several seconds during witch she refused to even look at him he finally
climbed from  the bed. He turned his back and started rummaging inside a
cupboard. For a second she  considered making a break for the door but it would
be hopeless, he was standing be- tween her and the door. Moments later he found
what he was looking for and he returned  to her side. In his hand he held a
coiled length of rope that was rolled up into a large knot.  She gave a
desperate little grunt and tried to fling herself out of his way but he was
right  on top of her.

In the blink of an eye he was seated on her again and his hands were furiously
coiling  rope around her wrists She struggled and twisted but with his weight on
top of her she  was firmly pinned down. In a few short seconds her hands were
bound together and he  tied them to the top of the bed.

Sharon lay on her back and stared at the ceiling. Ronald was taking a shower and
she  was left to stare at the ceiling. After her wrist her ankles had also been
bound and a sev- eral strips of tape had been slapped onto her mouth. Again she
tested the restraints but it  was no use, she wasn't going anywhere. She looked
the room over. It was pretty normal  looking, just an average room in an average
house. There were no signs of obvious opu- lence but neither was the owner of
the house poor. Just average. She tried looking up at  her bound hands but the
fan was blocking her view. The rope was biting into her skin and  already her
hands were becoming numb as the circulation was cut off.

Her struggles were only making it worse and she stopped. She was still wearing
her Mardi  Gras costume and the plug in her anus was making her very
uncomfortable. She was ly- ing in the short, stubby base of her tail and the
pressure was forcing the dildo deeper into  her aching rear. The big fan in her
back was framing her face and it hindered her view to  the sides.

She heard the shower being turned off and Ronald moving around in the bathroom.
After  several minutes he came out of the bathroom wearing only a towel wrapped
around his  waist. He sat down next to her and rested the palm of his hand on
her stomach.

"Shall we see what Santa has brought me for Christmas?" he said and reached
behind her  head to remove the mask over her eyes. He pulled it over her head
and placed it to one  side. The broach on her nose had been becoming
uncomfortable and she was grateful to  be rid off it.

"Ooooh. Yes please! Thanks Santa." said Ronald, obviously delighted with his
prize. He  rubbed his finger over the bridge of her nose and smiled at her.
Obviously this was all a  big game to him. This just didn't feel right. Was this
him not? He wasn't acting like she'd  expected he would.

"Now let's see what the rest of you looks like shall we?" he said as he rubbed
his palms up  and down her flanks.

He rolled her over onto her stomach and inspected the broaches on her back. He
started  tugging at the fan but it was firmly stuck in place.

Why was he acting like this? It was as if he didn't know that the broach
couldn't be re- moved. For several minutes he tried to get rid of the costume
during which he regularly  tugged and moved at her tail.

Finally he turned her back over and sat staring at her.

"How do you take this thing off?" he said in a low voice. Obviously he wasn't
amused any  more. He pulled the tape from her mouth and waited for her to
answer. She was now cer- tain this wasn't him and it made her heart freeze.

"Answer me bitch!" he shouted, slapping her viciously through the face.
Immediately the  tears started flowing and she cringed away form him.

"You can't." she whispered. "It won't come off until four o'clock." She'd hardly
uttered the  words when he slapped her again.

"Don't you ever tell me I can't! I'll do what I like. Is that clear? Do we
understand each  other?" he said in a strained, angry voice. She just nodded as
the tears flowed down her  cheeks.

"Now. One more time. How do I take the costume off?" he said. How could she
answer  him? She just nodded her head from side to side and tried to get further
away from him.

"I don't know. I don't know." she whispered, waiting for the blow to fall. He
just sat there  with his mouth hanging open.

"You really can't take it off can you?" he said, his voice filled with awe.
Again she nodded  no.

"Tell me what's going on here." he said.

"I can't - he'll kill me!" she pleaded. "I'm not supposed to tell anybody about
it."

"Him? I thought you said you were alone." he replied and she could hear that he
was get- ting angry again.

"I was. I am. Please - you don't understand!" she said in a pleading voice.

"THEN TELL ME for fucks sake!" he shouted.

"I can't! Please! he'll kill me I swear he'll kill me!" she sobbed, desperate
for him to under- stand. Suddenly his hands were around her neck as he pulled
her face and shoulders up  towards him.

"Lady. Right now who do you think you should be more afraid of?" he hissed
between his  clenched jaws.

---------------

Sharon lay sobbing into the crook of her arm. Her mouth was once again covered
by tape  and she was still bound to the bed. Ronald was standing at the dresser,
talking on the  phone.

"Mark? This is Joe.

Yes I know exactly what time it is but I needed to speak to you.

Hmm?

Yes, I'm still on leave.

No the house is fine, everything's ship-shape.

Yeah - I got a slight problem down here. I decided to grab myself a little toy
to play with...

Yeah, I know but it was a spur of the moment thing.

No.

No.

Mark I'm not an amateur you know, of course I was careful.

No I'm not being hunted - I doubt anybody even know she'd gone.

Yeah.

No.

Yeah, you should see this one. Man oh man!

Oh yes - you know those belts we sometimes put on the girls?

Yeah those. Well turns out she'd wearing something similar.

No.

No.

No not one of those either, I've never seen anything like it. It's really weird.
It's a full body  kind of model.

No, it's all one big unit.

Yeah - can you believe it? Just my luck. Can you ask the boys if they've ever
come across  anything like it?

Sure.

Sure.

No, not like that either.

No, it's smooth, no locks or knobs or anything.

Jeesh Mark, that's why I'm phoning you.

No, she claims she simply woke up one morning and there it was, been wearing it
ever  since.

Yeah I know but I believe her, by now she knows better than to fuck with me.

Well, try to imagine a speedo costume with a high neck.

Yeah - It's wacky.

I know.

Jeesh don't you know it! Here I was looking forward to a nice night of
gymnastics and I'm  stuck with this.

No, she's seen my face, it's too late.

Fuck you Mark - I told you it was spur of the moment...

Yes I'm worried about that as well but how would he find her? No I wasn't
followed, what  do you take me for?

Ok.

Ok.

Yeah thanks. Speak to you later?

Bye."

Ronald / Joe put the phone down and walked back to the bed.

"Two more hours to go and then we'll see won't we?" he said as he looked on his
watch.  "You'd better not be fucking me around or I'll make your life a misery
ok?"

She could just nod.

"Now you said it came with a control box thingy?"

She nodded.

"Where is it? At the hotel?"

Again she nodded.

"Hmmm. And you're supposed to wear that come hell or high water or else you get 
shocked?"

Nod.

"So why haven't you been shocked yet?"

She looked down at the costume and than at his watch.

"Hmmm. That makes sense. So you think you'll be shocked if you don't plug it in
after  four?"

She shrugged - how should she know?

"Fuck, this whole situation is screwed up." he said and sat down on the bed. His
hands  stroked the inside of her thigh as he looked at her body.

"It would be a crying shame to have you die on me before I've even tasted your
fruits." he  said as his hand played with the smooth skin next to her dome.

"You sure there's no way of getting rid of the suit? I got some tools in the
garage you  know."

She just sighed and nodded no.

"Damn. This is fucking frustrating. I guess I'll have to go fetch the bloody
thing then."

He left the room for a moment and returned with a piece of paper and a pen.
Again he sat  down next to her and painfully ripped the tape form her mouth.

"What hotel?" he simply said, poised to write.

"The Holiday-Inn. Room 403."

"OK. I should be able to make it there and back in time. You need to potty or
something  before I go?"

She nodded again, her bladder was almost bursting. Besides, he might slip up and
she'd  get a chance to escape.

"Don't get any ideas. Any trouble and I'll beat you senseless ok?" he said,
reading her  mind.

He rolled her over onto her stomach and sat down on her back. Using the rest of
the rope  he criss-crossed her chest with several loops of rope before tying it
off. He bent over, and  while using his weight to keep her subdued, untied her
hands. Before she had time to re- act he'd bent both arms behind her back and
tied her wrists to the ropes. Her arms was  pulled high up her back with her
wrists crossed over. He used the rope from the bed to pin  her arms to her side,
completely immobilizing her arms and hands.

Rising from the bed he untied her feet and helped her up. Using the rope that
has been  around her ankles he quickly made a leash and placed it over her head.
He led her to the  bathroom by the leash and helped her down onto the toilet.
The tail was in the way and he  had to reach over and brush it aside for her.

"How do you piss through all of that?"

"I don't know. The suit's got holes at the bottom, maybe the costume will have
them as  well." she replied, curious herself. If it didn't she was going to make
a right royal mess.  She waited for Joe to give her some privacy but he just
stood there, firmly holding onto her  leash.

She breathed deeply and tried her best to relax. With a start she realized that
the brushes  on her nipples had stopped and she tried to remember when last
she'd felt them. The dis- traction was enough to forget about the butt plug and
suddenly the urine started flowing.  She couldn't see it but she wasn't getting
wet so it seemed to be ok.

"Will you look at that!" said Joe. She gave him a questioning look.

"It's coming out of that panty you're wearing. Right in the middle, as if it
wasn't even  there." he said, awestruck.

She was soon done and her helped her up. He used some toilet paper to make sure
she  was dry and then led her back to the bedroom. He indicated for her to get
back onto the  bed and she lay down on her stomach. He gave her a firm push and
she was forced to roll  over onto her back.

He let go of the leash and walked down to her feet. She'd expected to be tied in
the same  way as she'd been before but this time he spread her ankles wide,
tying them to the cor- ners of the bed. She didn't like having her legs spread
open like that, it made her feel very  vulnerable but she thought better of
complaining. He walked up to the head of the bed and  tied her leash to the
frame. She had very little slack and any struggling would cause her to  choke on
the leash.

Finally he stuffed a handkerchief in her mouth and covered it with tape. She'd
thought he  was done but instead he sat down next to her and stroked her legs.

"You know. Whomever this bloke is he knows how to make you look good." He found
her  tail sticking out from between her legs and he gave it a playful yank. She
couldn't prevent  a low grunt escaping and she refused to look into his eyes.

"Just look at this tail for example. It's the sexiest thing I've ever seen. His
hand followed  the tail as it went up between her legs and she moaned as his
fingers explored. Despite  her best effort her body betrayed her and her cheeks
clenched onto his fingers.

"Whoa! Seems like you're coming around." he said, delighted with her reaction.
She  blushed deeply and hid her face in the covers.

"Well." he said, giving her a sharp but friendly slap on her hip.

"Hopefully we'll be able to see to that need of yours in the near future. For
now however, I  have to get going."

He stood up and left, closing the door behind him. A few moments later she heard
the car  rumbling in the driveway and then departing. It gave a loud growl and
drove off into the  night.

She was left alone in the dark, quiet house, her only companions her dreams and
the  slowly spreading heat of his palm-print on her hip.




Chapter XXI

It was pitch dark and she couldn't see a thing but she could hear them. They
were out  there, waiting for her. She didn't want to do this but now it was too
late to change her  mind. Suddenly the giant doors to the hanger were opened and
the sunlight burst inside,  blinding her.

The elephant started moving forward and she instinctively covered herself. How
could she  have agreed to this? How had they managed to talk her into this? Her
eyes were becom- ing used to the sunlight and she blushed as she realized just
how many people there  were. She inspected the giant birdcage but there was
absolutely no way she could get out.  The cage was mounted on the back of the
elephant and she was stuck inside. She had to  hold onto the bars as the
elephant rocked from side to side. Suddenly a booming voice  started speaking
over the PA system.

"And here she comes ladies and gentlemen. It is our pleasure to present to you
the Carni- val Queen!"

She blushed even redder and looked for a place to hide her face. The crowds had
turned  out in full force to see this spectacle and they were enjoying every
moment of it. She sat  down the crossbar in the cage, careful not to rest her
weight on the tail of her costume.

"This lovely young lady has agreed to be auctioned in our charity auction! Can
we have a  hand for the lovely Sharon!"

The crowds burst out in cheers and she gave a shy, tentative wave at the masses.
She  was feeling nauseous and weak from all the attention and she just prayed it
would be over  soon.

"Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please!" Boomed the voice.

"The winning bidder will win this lovely young lady to keep as his own,
personal, love- slave forever!"

What? No! That wasn't right! She'd agreed to a single date with whoever won the
highest  bid! What was the idiot talking about? "That's right ladies and
gentlemen. A once-in-a- lifetime opportunity to legally own your very own love
slave!"

She jumped up and pressed her body against the cold bars.

"No! No that's wrong! That's not what I agreed to!" she shouted but the crowd
was so loud  she couldn't make herself heard.

"Listen to me! That's not right! Let me out of here!"

Nobody could hear her. The band was playing, the crowds cheering and the crackers ex- ploding. Her
little voice stood no chance against such an onslaught of noise.

The elephant stopped in front of a platform and she could see the announcer with
the  mike in his hand. They would have to let her down and then she would make
herself  heard.

"Ladies and gentlemen! Could everybody that's interested in taking part please
step closer  to the podium so that I can see you. Thank You, Thank You."

Suddenly the cage shook and she thought the elephant had moved but as she looked
up  she saw that they had attached a hook to the top of the cage. Screaming and
protesting  she was hoisted higher into the air for everybody to inspect. With
the elephant gone she  had only a few thin bars to stand on and she realized
that the crowd could inspect every  inch of her body. She had nowhere to hide,
nowhere to turn to escape the upturned faces.

"Ladies and Gentlemen! The bidding will now start. Shall we begin at a hundred
thousand  dollars?"

"Two, I've got two, three, three, four, I've got four hundred thousand dollars."

This couldn't be happening! What were they doing! "Six, six, seven, seven
hundred thou- sand dollars! Eight! I have eight!"

This was insane! Where were the cops! "I have one million dollars! Ladies and
gentlemen  I have One Million Dollars!"

She looked down at the crowd. How could they be doing this to her! "I have one
million  dollars. One million dollars from the man in the Zorro costume."

"NO!" she shouted as panic overtook her. "Not him! Don't let him win the bid!
Please no!"

"Going once! Going Twice! No more bidders for this lovely lady? Come on ladies
and gen- tlemen just look at her! Nobody? Anybody? Going three times! Last
chance! No? SOLD!"

Sharon woke up from the noise of an approaching motorcar. She was stiff and
uncomfort- able and tried to stretch as best she could. Lying on her arms had
made them numb and  sore. A few minutes later Joe walked into the room carrying
her suitcases.

"Hi honey - I'm home." he said and sat down next to her. As was now customary
his hand  immediately went to rest on her thigh.

"Things went well, I think I got all your things. How much time is left?" He
said looking at  his watch. "Hmm. Ten past four. It would seem I'm a bit late. I
take it nothing's happened  yet?"

She nodded no.

"Wasn't the costume supposed to come off by now?" he said, his voice lowering.

All she could do was shrug.

He reached behind her and tugged at the clasp on her back. It was still firmly
stuck. He  gave her look that clearly told of his displeasure. After several
tense minutes he reached  over and ripped the tape from her mouth.

"Well? What now?" he said, waiting for her to explain.

"I swear I don't know. The letter said that I should wait for eight hours to
pass before I  went back to the hotel. That's all I know." she said, her voice
pleading.

"I brought all the papers with me. Let's have a look shall we?" He said and his
voice  warned that she'd better be telling the truth. He reached down and drew a
bunch of pa- pers from the side pocket of one of her suitcases. He started
examining the documents.

"Hmm. Airline tickets. Hotel brochure. Ah .. Dear Sharon. Blah blah blah blah.
Sharon  Suiter huh? I take it that's not your real surname?"

She nodded no. He dropped the letter and examined the next one.

"Hmmm. This seems to be it." he said as he read.

"Not very chatty is he?" he finally said and put the letter down.

Again he tested the clasp but it was to no avail.

"Maybe you're supposed to plug the control box in?" she suggested.

He searched her suitcase and found the box.

"This it?" he asked holding it for her to see.

She nodded. "Fascinating." he said as he examined the box. He plugged the box
into the  wall socket and held the triangle in his hand.

"Where's this suppose to go?" He said, still looking at the triangle.

"It plugs in at... oh. I forgot." She said, blushing.

"What?"

"The costume's in the way. It's supposed to plug into the bottom of the suit."

They both looked down at costume covering her hips.

"Any other brilliant ideas?" he said angrily.

She shrugged. He was not at all impressed.

"You could take me back to the hotel."

"Yeah. Right." he replied and stormed out of the room.

She could hear him banging doors and going on in what sounded like the kitchen.
The  ligaments in her arms and shoulders were complaining and she tried moving
them to get  the circulation going. The next moment she heard two faint clicks
and she froze.

"Hey! HEY! I think it's open now!" she shouted at the door. Joe came storming
back into  the room and bent over her body. He pulled at the clasp and this time
it opened.

"Well. Isn't that a coincidence." he said, looking at her suspiciously. "I leave
the room for a  second and the costume magically opens up."

"I swear I didn't do a thing. It just suddenly clicked open."

"Hmmm." he said, still suspicious. He pulled at the panty and that also opened
up. He  quickly untied her collar and helped her to sit up.

Too late she remembered the plug and all her weight bore down on her anus. Her
spread  legs made it even worse and she moaned loudly.

"What's with you?' he asked as she flopped back down.

She blushed and looked away.

"What?" he said, his patience running out.

"The ughm. There's a uhm. The tail you see." she stuttered and blushed even
redder.

He took the tail and jiggled it around, trying to discover what she was on
about. She  groaned and lifted her hips into the air, trying to get away from
the torment. He was begin- ning to suspect the truth and again he jiggled her
tail.

She moaned louder and tried to roll away, only to be stopped by her bound
ankles.

"Please, please. Don't do that." she moaned, refusing to look into his grinning
face.

"Well now. What have we here? Is there something you haven't told Sharon?" he
said,  very amused by his discovery. He jiggled again and she moaned even
louder.

"Please don't. Please."

For several more minutes he continued tormenting her, his eyes never leaving her
body  as she squirmed and rolled to get away from the plug.

With a glint in his eyes he suddenly stopped and reached over to her chest. He
took hold  of the ropes crossing over her chest and pulled her torso up towards
himself. Sharon gave  a loud, pained groan as her weight bore down on her rear
and the plug pushed in deeper.  She tried to push herself back but Joe had a
firm grip on her leash and he tied it off to the  bed between her legs. She was
forced to stay seated or she'd choke against the leash.  Happy with his
handiwork Joe sat himself down behind her and proceeded to untie her  hands. As
soon as her hands were free she pressed them down on the bed, trying to lift 
her weight off the plug. Her relief was short lived. Joe slipped the bra and
choker combi- nation from her shoulders and she was forced to lift her hands so
that her arms could pass  through the holes. He used the opportunity to remove
her gloves as well and they joined  the mask in the corner. With her chest free
of the costume he took a moment to admire  her body and the suit. He moved
around to her front and tied her wrists together in front of  her body.
Satisfied that her wrist were securely bound he untied the leash and allowed her 
flop back onto the bed.

Next he released her ankles and he removed the shoes. She held onto the head of
the  bed as he took a firm hold of the panty and pulled it down towards her
ankles. She re- leased a grateful sigh of relief as the dildo was pulled from
her with a wet popping sound.  The stockings were still attached to the panty
and they peeled from her legs like dried  paint. Finally free from the costume
she lay still and enjoyed the freedom.

Joe was momentarily distracted as he inspected the plug and she grabbed her
chance.  She was off the bed like a bat out of hell and heading straight for the
door. She had little  chance of making it but she knew she had to try. As her
hands reached for the doorknob  she was suddenly and violently jerked back by
the leash around her neck. Joe had imme- diately reacted and had managed to grab
hold of the leash just in time. Sharon fell onto  her back and started heaving
to get the air back into her lungs. She was seeing starts  from the whiplash and
her whole body was limp as Joe picked her up and flung her back  onto the bed.
While she was recovering he took the time to quickly wrap the ropes around  her
chest again. This time he lifted her arms over her head and bent her elbows back
so  that he could bind her wrists to the ropes between her shoulder blades. He
pulled them so  far back that her elbows were next to her ears and the ligaments
in her chest were strain- ing. Next he quickly bound her ankles together and
then onto the end of the bed. By the  time Sharon had recovered she was
completely powerless to offer any resistance. All she  could do was blink and
open her mouth as he quickly stuffed it with the rag and taped it  shut.

Finally he tied the leash to the top of the bed and sat down. This time the
leash was long,  giving her lots of slack.

"Well now. Wasn't that exiting?" said Joe as he inspected his prize.

Sharon refused to even look at him.

"Awww. Are we pouting? Are we giving me the cold shoulder?" His voice was
mocking  her.

She shot him a look that could curdle milk.

"Oooh. And here I thought we were going to be friends."

Suddenly his voice turned menacing. "You'd better make the most of out quality
time to- gether bitch. When we're done having fun you're going to meet some of
my associates.  They're not nearly as nice as I am."

The words made her blood freeze and she closed her eyes in fear. They flew open
again  as she felt his hands on her hips. He pulled her body down until the
leash was just begin- ning to tighten. He straddled her legs and tapped the
inside of her thighs.

"Open sesame." he said, his voice playful again. For a second she paused but the
look he  shot warned her off. Reluctantly she opened up, drawing her ankles up
until they also  reached the end of their tether.

He sat down in the circle made by her legs and admired her body. His hands
flowed over  the smooth contours of the suit, carefully inspecting every inch of
its smooth surface. He  paid particular attention to the dome covering her sex
and the three little holes.

Sharon closed her eyes and tried to ignore what was going on but it was
impossible. The  warm, intimate heat of his body pressing against her thighs and
the sensual friction of his  hands were making her insane. She caught her hands
twitching and staining against the  ropes and she had to clench her jaw to keep
still. His hands moved away from the suit and  onto her inner thighs and hips.

"You say you've been wearing this thing for almost a year?" he suddenly said,
and her  eyes flew open. "You must be really aching for a fuck by now!"

She blushed and looked the other way, trying her best to ignore his stroking
hands. Sud- denly he rolled to one side and flipped her over.

This time he was seated next to her as he inspected her backside.

"I can honestly say that you have the cutest butt I've seen in my life." he said
as much for  her benefit as for his own. Both his hands took a firm hold of her
rear and squeezed them  hard. The treatment sent the sparks flying and she
pressed her face into the pillow in frus- tration. He gave her back the same
thorough inspection he'd given her front, his hands  and eyes covering every
inch.

Finally he'd seen enough and he climbed off the bed.

"Well honey - It's been a long day. I think it's time to catch some shut-eye,
don't you?" he  said yawning. He pulled the bed covers out from under her and
covered her body with it.  Tucking a pillow under her head he made sure she was
comfortable and headed for the  door. He was about to switch the light off when
he suddenly remembered something. Re- turning to her side he quickly fixed the
triangle in place and returned to the door. She'd  hoped he'd leave her in peace
but instead he switched the light off and returned to bed.  He quickly stripped
in the dark and got into bed with her. She tried her best to ignore him  but he
slided over, turned her over so that she was facing him, and wrapped his limbs 
around her. Within a surprisingly short time his breathing became deep and
relaxed and  she knew he was fast asleep. It took her much longer before
exhaustion could suppress  the hundreds of sensual signals coming from all over
her body.




Chapter XXII

Sharon woke up before Joe and lay staring at the ceiling for a while. The
curtains were  drawn so she couldn't see outside but she judged it to be well
past noon already. During  their slumber she and Joe had separated and she was
grateful that he was quietly snoring  on his side of he bed. She twisted and
turned both her wrists and ankles but it was use- less. There was absolutely no
way she could free herself.

Finally she gave up and for a long time she just lay there, searching for a way
out of her  predicament. How could this be happening to her. How could one
person be so unlucky?  Not once, but twice! Surely the two incidents had to be
related somehow? She just  couldn't believe that something so dramatic could
happen to one person twice. There had  to be a connection but try as she might,
she couldn't find it. One thing was for certain - Joe  had not been the one to
put the suit on her.

She thought about his words and his conversation on the telephone. He was not
working  alone. Some huge, powerful organization maybe? The thought made her
shiver. One man  she could handle. He could be reasoned with, pleaded with. With
an organization she'd  just be a number. Another body that needed to be
processed. She thought of the horror  stories she'd seen and heard in the
papers. Modern-day slave traders, pandering flesh to  the distant corners of the
world. Mafia bosses that would pump her full of drugs and set  her to work in
some dirty little Mexican whorehouse. Chop shops where human beings  were used
as lab rats. The stories were endless and the more she thought about it the 
more despondent she became.

Her free-fall into black depression was stopped by a very urgent signal coming
from her  bowels. She was loath to wake Joe up, not only would it not be well
received but her best  chance of escape was when he was sleeping. Finally she
couldn't hold it any more and  she rolled over to his side. She kicked his legs
and moaned as loudly as she could. At  long last he started stirring and he
rolled over on top of her.

"Mffff mmmhmmm mfmhmmm" she moaned into his face, tapping his head with her
elbow.  Finally his eyes opened and he looked at her sleepily.

"Gmmfmmfmmhmmffm" she moaned, using her head to signal towards the bathroom.

"What is it Lassie? What is it girl? Is Timmy in the well again?" he asked. She
groaned at  his bad joke and once more signaled the bathroom. Finally he dragged
himself out of bed  and untied her legs.

By the time he got round to the leash she was already seated and ready to go.
This time  she led him as they both stumbled into the bathroom. She shot him an
accusing look as  she waited for him to lower the seat before she could sit. She
barely had time to blush at  his inquisitive stare before her body let rip.

Sharon stood in front of the stove, frying some eggs. Joe was seated at the
table, keeping  a close watch on her activities. He'd bound her wrists by
looping some rope around her  waist, tying it off at the front and extending the
ends to her wrists. Although she could only  move her hands about a foot away
from her body it was enough freedom to allow her to  cook. She could easily
untie the knots herself but there was no way that she could do it  without him
seeing her. Her ankles were kept bound by a short length of rope that forced 
her to take short jerky steps whenever she needed to move. Finally there was a
long leash  from her neck to his hand that he never let go of, not even for a
second. If she had any  chance of escape she needed to rid herself of the leash
but with her hands bound to her  waist she couldn't reach it. To make matters
worse he'd taken a liking to her tail and she  was once again wearing the
stockings, panty and high heels. The dildo was firmly back in  place and her
arse was still throbbing from the rough insertion she'd had to endure. Joe  was
unable to make the clasp lock again, apparently it was on some timer or
something.  He'd solved the problem by taping the two ends shut with several
lengths of tape.

She waddled over to the fridge and got some bacon, trying her best to ignore his
persis- tent gaze. Despite the suit and panty she felt completely naked and she
just couldn't force  herself to relax. His gaze was openly lustful and it made
her very uncomfortable. What  was he going to do when he finally realized that
she wasn't to be had? Despite the evi- dence of his own eyes he still thought he
could penetrate the suit. She was very fearful of  what he'd do when it finally
dawned on him what he was up against.

As she fried the bacon she looked out of the window. They seemed to be on some
kind of  a small holding with the house set far back from the street. The place
was deserted and  there were no signs of life around them. A thick, high hedge
and tall trees ringed the prop- erty. She doubted there would be any people
around for miles.

The tape over her mouth was itching and without thinking she tried to scratch
her chin.  Her hand only made it as far as her breasts before the rope stopped
it short. She sighed  and had to be content with rubbing her chin against her
shoulder.

The bacon was almost done and she concentrated on finishing the task at hand.
How  wrong those frivolous stories in the books had been. In the stories the
heroine lay bound  on the bed while the man waltzed in with a tray full of food.
Reality didn't work like that she  now realized. He was a man and men wanted to
be served. Why do all the work when  you've got a slave to do it for you? She
loaded the food onto two plates and carefully car- ried the plates to the table.
It was tricky keeping her balance with her feet tied and she  took it slowly.
She placed the edged of the plates on the table and pushed them onto the 
surface. She'd already set the knives and forks and she carefully sat down,
trying to avoid  direct pressure on her anus. Joe pulled his plate closer and
gave it a good sniff.

"Ahhh. Thanks honey" he said, "It looks delicious." Without ceremony he started
digging  in.

"Mffmfmmmgmm" she said after a while, pointing to the tape. He looked up for a
second,  gave her the sweetest smile in the world and continued his meal.

"Mgmmffffhmm?" she said again, pointing with even bigger gestures.

Again he just gave her a glance and continued his meal. The bastard knew exactly
what  she wanted, he was just not in the mood to grant it! She could feel the
blood rising to her  face and the hairs on the back of her neck stood on end.
Suddenly he paused and looked  at her. She had to wait for him to stop chewing
before he would speak.

"There's some juice in the fridge. Get us some won't you?" he said and turned
his atten- tion back to the food.

"GMMFFMGRRMMMFMFM!" She said, her blood boiling.

He stopped eating and gave her a look that immediately made her shut up. With
difficulty  she rose from the seat and waddled over to the fridge. The juice was
at the back and it  was a struggle to get to. Finally she managed and she
returned to the table. She was al- most seated before she remembered the glasses
and she rose to fetch them as well.

She stood staring at the cupboard, unclear what to do next. She'd managed to
find the  glasses by opening the cupboards with her nose. They were on one of
the top shelves,  higher than what her head was. For a moment she stood looking
at Joe but he was bla- tantly ignoring her. After several minutes of thinking
she waddled over to the broom closet,  retrieved a broom and waddled back to the
cupboard. She carefully lifted the broom up  and knocked some glasses over with
the head. She sighed in relief when none broke and  pulled the broom back,
carefully watching if any would roll out. Next she turned the broom  over,
lifted the handle up to the glass and carefully pushed the handle up until the
glass  was over the handle. She carried the upside down glass back to the table
and slowly low- ered the broom until she could place the glass on the table. She
repeated the tedious pro- cedure and finally had two glasses ready and waiting.
She opened the juice and poured  him a glass. Finally she sat down with a sigh
and watched him eat. He casually looked up,  spotted the juice, reached out and
took a long, hard drink directly from the bottle.

Joe leaned back, burped loudly and gave her a lazy smile. "Oh boy, that really
hit the spot.  Not bad my dear." She ignored him and sat staring at the table.
She was very thirsty but  she refused to give him the satisfaction of showing
it. For quite a while they just sat there  in silence. After what felt like an
eternity Joe started flipping her leash up and down. At  first she thought he
was only trying to irritate her but a firm pull told her that he wanted her  to
stand up. She carefully rose from the table and stood next to the chair,
uncertain of  what he wanted from her. He pulled on the leash and reeled her in
until she was standing  next to him.

Without saying a word he took her by the hips and lowered her to his lap. She
tried to  avoid sitting directly on the plug but his hands guided her squarely
onto his upper leg. She  gave a quick grunt as her weight landed on the plug and
Joe smiled at her, delighted by  her discomfort. He swung her legs over so that
she was seated sideways across his lap  and held her firmly around the waist.

"So. Hungry?" he asked mockingly.

She just looked into the distance, refusing to react.

"No? Oh well then.." he said and started pushing her up.

"Mmmfnfngmm" she quickly said and looked at her plate.

"Oh you've changed your mind?" he said, lowering her down again. He quickly
removed  the gag and pulled her plate closer.

"Can I please have some juice first?" she said, hating herself for being civil
to him.

"Sure honey." He said as he reached for the glass she'd poured. She was unable
to bring  the glass to her mouth and he had to hold it for her. She drank
greedily, ignoring the drib- ble of juice running down her chin and onto her
breasts. He gave her a sweet smile and  wiped her chin with his hand.

"Better?" She nodded.

He started feeding her the food and despite the fact that it had gotten cold she
wolfed it  down. Whilst his right hand was feeding her the left hand slowly slid
down her side, over  her hip and in between her legs. She stoically ignored his
hand and concentrated on the  food.

He slowly massaged the insides of her thighs but still she refused to respond.
She could  feel his hand heading for her tail and she tensed.

"What are you going to do with me?" she said, her mouth still full of food.

"Right now? I thought we'd see what we could do about that suit." he said.

"It won't work, I've tried everything." she said and took another bite. His hand
was still  heading for her arse.

"Oh I don't know. I'm pretty good with my hands you know." He said as he gave
her tail a  quick pull.

"Please don't." she objected.

"Don't what?" he said and gave her another jiggle.

"Don't do that. It hurts."

He gave her another wiggle.

"Please." she begged.

He stopped tormenting her but left his hand on her tail.

"I meant when you're done with me. What's going to happen to me?"

"It's better if you don't think about that." he replied and looked away.

"So you're going to kill me?"

"No, not unless I have to. I'm not a murderer."

"No. Just a kidnapper and a rapist." The words were out before she could think
and she  immediately regretted saying them. He scowled at her pushed her to her
feet.

"I suggest you start thinking before you speak. Where you're going a remark like
that  could cost you your tongue."

She started clearing the table while he lighted a cigarette. She wanted to ask
him for one  but after a moment's reflection thought better of it. For a while
there was silence as she  packed the dishes in the sink.

"Where am I going? What is going to happen to me?" she asked with her back
turned to  him.

"You'll see when you get there." He said.

"You're going to sell me aren't you?" she said in such a soft voice it was
hardly more than  a whisper. For a while he didn't answer.

"A man's got to make a living." He said flatly.

"Why can't you just let me go? I'm no use to you at all." She said, turning
around.

"You're a smart girl, you should know how these things work."

"I won't tell a soul, I promise." She begged. "Besides, all I've got is a
description. There  must be hundreds of people that look..."

"That's enough!" he interrupted her. He was on his feet and reaching for the
tape.

"Please no. I'll be quiet, please..." she begged but he was not listening. He
shoved her  body up against the counter and stuffed the rag into her mouth. All
she could do was wring  her wrists inside their prisons while her mouth was
taped shut.

Joe slowly led her through the house and into the garage. Outside dusk was
falling and  the house was growing dark. After she'd completed her chores he'd
pulled her elbows  back and tied them together with rope.

Her hands were now utterly useless as her elbows pulled her wrists back against
her  stomach. She'd tried a few more times to get him to remove the gag but the
atmosphere  had definitely soured. He walked her to the middle of the garage and
made her stand still.  Years ago somebody had installed a pulley into the roof
and he positioned her until she  was directly underneath it. He untied the ropes
on her elbows and her waist and re-tied  her wrists together in front of her
body. The pulley was lowered to just above her head and  her wrists placed onto
the hook. He pulled the pulley back up until her ankles were just  beginning to
lift out of her shoes. He anchored the pulley's chain to a convenient hook on 
one of the walls and walked a few times around her. He was obviously in no mood
for  chitchat and she hung her head, dejected and depressed. He was about to
find out just  what a hard nut the suit was to crack.




Chapter XXIII

Joe sat on the garage floor with his back leaning against the wall. Between his
legs lay a  side grinder, it's blade ruined. His body was covered in sweat and
he'd taken his shirt off.

"Fuck me." Was all he could say.

Sharon twisted her arms and tried to alleviate the stress in her shoulders by
standing on  her toes. She looked down at the suit and back up to Joe with a
faint smile on her lips. He  caught her look, snarled and fled back into the
house. He left behind not only the ruined  side grinder but also a hacksaw, a
heavy iron file and an assortment of smaller tools.

Sharon looked up the hook. If she could hook her legs over the crossbeam she
could  hang upside down and unhook herself from the pulley. She tried lifting
her legs but the suit  wasn't allowing her waist to bend and she could only lift
them as high as her waist. She  tried it again but it was useless, the suit
simply wouldn't allow her to bend far enough.  Next she tried swinging back and
forth. If she could swing far enough she might be able to  hook a leg over one
of the other crossbeams. She was just beginning to come into range  of the beam
when Joe walked back into the garage.

He was still angry because of his failure and seeing her swinging made him turn
abso- lutely livid. Her rope leash was lying on the bench and he grabbed it on
his way over. He  was already swinging before he'd even reached her.

"You fucking BITCH!" he shouted as the coiled rope hit her arse with a loud
whack. The  tail did little to block his fury and she arched her back as the
rope made contact.

"What the fuck do you think you're up to!"

Whack! Whack!

"Do you think you can fuck with me?"

Whack! The rope burnt across her rear like fire and instantly her eyes filled
with tears.

"Fuck you! FUCK YOU!" he shouted as the blows kept on raining down.

She coiled and twisted, trying her best to get out of the way of the whistling
rope.

Whack! Whack! Whack!

She tried screaming through the gag but all that came out was a soft nasal mew.

"I'll show you who's the boss! It's time you learn whose in charge here!"

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! The blows kept on raining down until he was too
tired to  hit her any more. Finally he stumbled back to the bench and leaned
against it for support,  his chest heaving. Sharon hung completely limp from the
hook, her body too tired to  struggle any further. Her upper legs and back was
burning like fire and she'd almost bitten  right through the rag. Her sides were
heaving as her lungs struggled to get air past the  snot and tears in her nose.
Her whole body was trembling and the sweat glistened on her  skin.

Joe had calmed down and he walked back to her but he refused to look into her
eyes. He  inspected her rear and she trembled as his palms moved over the
painful welts.

"I think it's time we both started taking the situation a bit more seriously."
he said quietly  and took hold of her feet. He tied the leash around her ankles
and pulled her sideways  until she was hanging at a steep angle towards the
wall. He tied the other end of the leash  to the hook on the wall and made sure
she was secure. He left her hanging like that and a  few minutes later she heard
his car leaving. She tried struggling a bit but with her feet tied  there was
nothing she could do.

Sharon had no idea of time and it felt like hours before she heard the car
return. Her arms  and hands had gone dead from the constant pull but her
backside was still throbbing  loudly from the punishment. She tried lifting her
head but the sharp pain shooting through  her shoulders was too much to bear. As
Joe parked the car and entered the house all she  could do was wait. He popped
his head into the garage to make sure she was still around  and disappeared
again. She could hear him moving about but she had no idea what he  was up to.
After several agonizing minutes he returned, dragging a chain after him. He 
dropped the chain at her feet and walked over to the hook on the wall. He untied
the rope  from her ankles and she swung down, mewing loudly from the pain caused
by the move- ment. In her struggles she'd lost her shoes and now her toes could
just touch the floor.  Joe stood behind her and he gave her backside a thorough
inspection. Her skin burnt like  fire as his hands traveled over her tender
flesh and she shuddered in pain. Joe pulled the  tape from the panty and pulled
it down to the floor. As the tight garment scraped over her  hips and buns she
arched her back and screamed into the gag. He placed the panty in the  corner
and turned his attention back to her. Her eyes had filled with fresh tears and
she  could feel them running down her cheeks and onto the tape over her mouth.
Joe looped  the chain around her neck and locked it with a heavy padlock. She
was now anchored to  whatever object Joe had chosen as a base for the chain and
she could feel by the lock's  weight that escape was not going to be an option.
He started lowering her to the floor but  her legs simply couldn't support her
weight. When she'd sunk down onto her knees he  stopped the pulley and walked
back to her side. She moaned in anguish as the blood  started pumping back into
her arms and hands. He gently lifted her into his arms and car- ried her back to
the bedroom, careful to avoid touching her backside.

Joe lay her down on her stomach and tied her hands to the bed. He reached down
next to  the bed where he'd left a shopping bag. From the bag he produced a tube
of salve that he  inspected for a moment.

"I got this from the pharmacy, I hope it does the trick." he said and it almost
sounded as if  he was apologizing. She lay her head on the pillow and refused to
even acknowledge his  existence. Joe took some of the salve and rubbed it
between his hands. She had to close  her eyes and bite down onto the gag as his
hands started rubbing the salve into her sen- sitive skin. After a few seconds
her skin started to numb and she could relax again. Her  body was still aching
in a thousand places but at least the pain on her backside was  quickly abating.
Joe kept his massage slow and rhythmic and soon she was becoming  drowsy.

Joe stood up from the bed and looked down at her.

"Better?" he asked but she refused to acknowledge the question.

He just shrugged and went into the bathroom. She heard him start the shower and
a mo- ment later he returned. He untied her wrists from the bed but kept them
tied together. Lift- ing her into his arms he carried her limp body into the
bathroom, setting her down next to  the shower. Her legs were still weak and she
leaned against the cold tiles for support.

Testing the water's temperature with his hand he guided her into the cubicle.
She closed  her eyes and stood still as the warm water poured over her body. The
shower was sooth- ing and for a precious few seconds she could forget the
situation she was in.

She felt Joe's hand on her shoulder and her eyes grew wide as she discovered
that he'd  stripped naked. He pushed her deeper into the cubicle and joined her
under the rushing  water. She tried to avoid looking at him but her eyes kept on
returning to his naked body.  It was the first naked man she had seen for over a
year now. Evidently he worked out  regularly because his body was fit and trim.
As he moved his well-defined muscles rippled  and moved under his tanned skin.
She quickly glanced at his groin and her breath caught  in her throat as she
discovered his rock-hard penis standing to attention. Clearly Joe was  very
excited to see her and she blushed a bright red.

Sharon closed her eyes and stoically tried to ignore his presence but her
nipples were al- ready aching inside their prisons. She turned away from him and
tried to think of some- thing else but the next moment his hands started rubbing
her shoulders with soap. He  gently washed her neck and shoulders, his hands
gliding over her skin in slow, smooth  circles. He turned her around and started
removing the gag, careful not to rip it off like he  usually did. Her body was
turning traitor again and she silently cursed the dull aching in  her sex.

Joe removed the gag and gently kissed the corners of her mouth. She rubbed her
tongue  against her teeth to get rid of the foul taste but did not respond to
his kisses. Instead she  turned her back on him and tried her best to ignore
him.

Joe squeezed some shampoo into the palm of his hand and started washing her
hair. The  slow, sensuous massaging of her scalp was delicious and Sharon sighed
deeply as she  closed her eyes. Joe's strong, gentle fingers had a hypnotic
effect and she could feel the  tension flowing out of her body. Again she sighed
deeply and her wrists slowly twisted in- side the tight wet confines of the
ropes. Joe gently pulled her back and guided her head in  under the shower,
rinsing the soap away. She could feel his hard member touching her  back and a
quick shudder unexpectedly coursed through her body. She was becoming  acutely
aware of all the little sensations around her, everything from the aching in her
nip- ples to the heavy lock hanging from her neck. It was as if her body had
woken up from a  long slumber and every inch was screaming for attention.

When he'd done with her hair Joe again retrieved the soap and continued down her
back.  His hands slowly rubbed over her spine and under her arms, down her sides
and into the  small of her back. She could feel every movement of his palms over
the surface of the suit  and unexpectedly she felt confined and uncomfortable in
its restrictive grip. Suddenly the  waist was uncomfortably tight, the collar
around her neck too small. As she breathed her  ribs strained against the
unyielding gauze and the dome between her legs felt large and  bulky. The wire
through her butt seemed to have become shorter and was biting into her  flesh.

Joe slowly worked his way down and he spent a lot of time washing her hips and
back- side. He pressed his fingers into her crack and she almost lost control,
arching her back  and gasping loudly. Without realizing it she leaned forward
and spread her legs slightly,  pressing her hands against the wall for support.
Joe accepted the invitation and his fingers  spent a lot of time roaming through
her crack, between her legs and around the dome. He  pushed on her shoulders and
she bent further forwards, groaning as the wire bit even  deeper. Joe's fingers
tried to breach the suit's defenses and she growled like a cat as his  fingers
briefly managed to penetrate under the dome's tight seal. Although he'd failed
to  reach her aching sex his fingers had managed to touch a long forgotten
section of skin.

She pushed her backside into his hands, lowering her back even further and
spreading  her legs as wide as the small cubicle would allow. She was losing all
control over herself  and as his fingers poked and prodded her defenses a slow
wave of sexual energy started  building in the pit of her stomach.

Again his fingers briefly managed to reach an intimate, forgotten section of
skin and she  started shaking violently. Joe stepped up to her backside and held
her around the waist as  he squeezed his cock tightly against her arse. His cock
was pressed into the cleavage of  her backside and she slowly rubbed her arse up
and down against his hard flesh. The  sensation of his balls tickling the
insides of her thighs was the final spark and suddenly  she could feel the
orgasm building from deep inside her. Her quivering sex gripped the rod  inside
her with a ferocity that would have been painful had it been flesh and a low,
animal  wail slowly built from the depths of her lungs. Slowly their bodies
rocked in unison as the  throws of their climax grew louder and more violent.
Sharon had lost all control over her  faculties and as the orgasm burst forth
she had no idea who or where she was. All she  knew, all she felt was the
powerful wave after wave of intense pleasure racking her body  and sending her
mind into oblivion.

They sat on the floor of the small cubicle, their limbs intertwined like the
vines of a  creeper. They were both breathing deeply from the exertion and
resting their heads back  against the walls. Her eyes followed the chain as it
ran over her arm onto her lap, over her  thigh and out under the shower curtain.

She knew she should feel angry, violated, scared. She should be trying to
scratch Joe's  eyes out, not sitting here under the warm water staring at his
chest. Where had the rage  gone? She had felt rage when he'd beat her. Every
lash of that rope had her mind reeling  in fear and rage and frustration. What
had become of those emotions? She looked down  at her bound wrists and picked at
the coils with the nail of her thumb. Maybe she was too  exhausted for emotions.
Maybe the roller coaster of the last few hours had her too disori- entated to
think clearly.

And why was her body betraying her so? She was feeling pain and discomfort and
aches  and strains, but most of all she was feeling desire. Desire to feel his
hands gliding over  every curve of her body. Desire to feel him once more
discover that one secret, intimate  spot she'd not even known existed. She hated
this man, there was no doubt about that.  She wasn't falling for his wry cynical
charm. He meant to do her harm and she knew it.  She just wished her mind could
convince her body that he was an evil danger.

She closed her eyes and tried to think clearly but her thoughts were ambushed by
the  sensations coming from her body. Her nipples had that pleasant dull ache
emitting from  them as they stood ready and waiting to attention. Her sex was
wet and slick inside, hug- ging the familiar dildo in its warm intimate heat.
The butterflies were fluttering inside her  stomach, reminding her of excited
breathless prom nights under the stars.

The water was getting cold and Joe stood up to close the tap. He helped her up
and they  both exited the shower.

"That was ... interesting" he said.

He toweled himself dry while she had to stand waiting for him to finish.
Evidently now that  he'd satisfied his desire there was no longer any need for
chivalry. By the time he'd done  she was shivering and her was body covered with
goose bumps. He handed her the wet  towel and sat down on the toilet, watching
her intently. She couldn't help blushing at his  apparent indifference about
being naked. He sat there as if it was the most normal thing in  the world, his
limp little penis hanging between his thighs.

Drying herself with bound hands wasn't working and she looked at him pleadingly.

"Can't you untie my hands? I'm not going anywhere with this thing around my
neck." She  asked.

"No. I like seeing you like that, it's ... appealing."

She continued trying to dry herself but she was making little progress.

"I need my hair dryer." She said as she started for the door "It's the only way
of getting  completely dry."

He caught her around the waist and pulled her onto his lap.

"Let me have a go at it." he said as he took the towel from her hands. He
started by drying  her hair and all she could do was sit and wait for him to
finish. His hands weren't helping  her state of mind one little bit and she
ached with desire. No matter how much she cursed  herself her body had other
ideas. Finally he had her as dry as she was going to get with  only a towel and
he made her stand up.

He led her into the bedroom and for the first time she noticed the chain winding
from un- der the bed, over the floor and out the door. Evidently he'd anchored
her to the bed and  she could go only as far from the bedroom as what the chain
was long. He made her  stand next to the bed and quickly bound her wrists
tightly to her waist. He told her to lie  down and she complied, feeling too
drained and tired to do anything else. He walked back  to the bathroom and she
couldn't resist watching his tight buns as he moved away from  her. He came back
carrying the rag for her mouth and she immediately started complain- ing.

"No please. That thing's filthy by now." she begged, already trying to roll
away. "Please, I'll  be quiet. Please. At least get something clean that thing
tastes like mff mgmgn."

With her hands bound she was no match for him and he quickly silenced her. She
glared  at him at anger but he seemed little concerned with her problems. He
left her lying on the  bed while he walked out of the room. For a while she lay
twisting her wrists in their pris- ons, thoughts of revenge going through her
mind. He returned a few moments later and  switched the light off as he came
walking into the room.

"Mffmgmmfm!" she said.

"Be quiet." he said as he got into bed.

"Mfgmfhmmhmm!" she said again.

"I said settle down!" he said.

"MFGMGMFFFM!!" she said.

"Dammit I said ... oh fuck!" he said as he got up again. He quickly applied the
triangle to  the suit and returned to bed. He wrapped his limbs around her and a
few minutes later he  was fast asleep.




Chapter XXIV

Sharon was just about to slip into that dreamy, carefree world of sleep when she
was sud- denly awakened by the sound of breaking glass. Joe had also heard the
glass and as  quick as a flash he was sitting upright in the bed, his whole body
tensed and ready for ac- tion. Sharon struggled to sit up as well but Joe pushed
her back down, signaling her to be  quiet by pressing his finger on his lips.
With the rag still in her mouth that was a command  she found easy to obey. Joe
quietly slipped out of bed and tiptoed to the door. For several  seconds he
stood quietly by the door, listening for any further noises. When nothing hap-
pened he quietly slipped out of the door and into the dark house. Sharon lay
staring at the  faint moonlight filtering through the curtains. Her eyes were as
wide as saucers and her  heart was beating in her throat. Without even thinking
about it her hands were quietly  twisting inside their rope prisons. Never had
she felt so vulnerable. With her hands bound  and her body anchored to the bed
she was at the complete mercy of fate and whatever  surprises it had in store
for her.

For an eternity there was complete silence in the house. She craned her neck and
stared  at the door in morbid fascination, not daring to move a muscle. Suddenly
two bright  flashes came from the door as shots rang out. The enormous sound
reverberated through  the house and she screamed hard into the gag in shock.
Without even thinking she rolled  away from the sound and right off the bed,
hitting the floor with a stunning blow. Still  woozy with fear and shock she lay
on her stomach next to the bed, her chest working furi- ously to draw much
needed oxygen into her lungs. The room started spinning and a part  of her
realized that she was hyperventilating. She lay her forehead down on the carpet 
and tried her best to regulate her breathing.

As she lay on the floor she tried to imagine what was going on. Her ears were
still ringing  from the loud bark of the gunshots and were of no use to her. She
tried looking under the  bed to the door but the bedspread was in her way and
she couldn't see a thing. Her nose  twitched as she registered a familiar but
unpleasant odor and with a disgusted groan she  realized she'd pissed herself.
Too afraid to move she lay still in the puddle of urine and  tried to figure out
what to do next. Joe hadn't had a pistol with him when he's left and she  had to
assume it was an intruder that had fired the shots. Who could it be? Could it be 
Him? Her heart started to flutter as the thought raced through her mind. Surely
it had to be  Him? He'd gone to a lot of trouble to make her his, didn't it made
sense for him to want to  claim her back? Yes but what if it wasn't him? What if
it was just some common burglar?  Some big, evil, burly man that would find her
bound and powerless.... Or could be one of  Joe's 'associates'? Surely a man in
his business would have a lot of enemies? No! It had  to be Him! It had to be!
How could it be Him? She didn't even know where she was - how  would ...
Suddenly her ears picked up the noise of somebody quietly creeping into the 
room. Instantly her body tensed and she grew cold with dread. She tried to be as
quiet as  possible but she swore the whole world could hear her heart thumping
in her chest.  Maybe he won't see me! The noise quietly moved to the other side
of the bed and stood  still. She tried to hide herself behind the bed and
quietly drew her legs up to hide them  away. She was lying on her side and her
elbow was painfully squeezed under the weight  of her body. She lay staring up
at the rim of the bed, dreading the sight of a stranger's  head popping over the
side at any moment. Her elbow was really aching as she wished  she could roll
over to relieve the strain, but she dared not move with him so close to her. 
After another eternity she heard him turn around and walk back to the door.
You're losing  him! He's getting away! Her mind kept screaming but she couldn't
bring herself to re- spond. She felt like a deer caught in the glare of the
headlamps, too stunned and scared  to move.

As the footsteps quietly left the room she rolled over onto her side to get her
weight off her  elbow. She almost fainted in shock as the chain clinked loudly
with her movements. Nor- mally it would have been little more than a quiet
tinkling but in the quiet, charged atmos- phere of the night it sounded like the
bells of St. Peter's cathedral. She screamed into the  gag as she heard the
footsteps rushing back and her survival instincts took over. Her mind  wasn't
even thinking as she quickly burrowed in under the bed, the only hiding place
she  could find on such short notice. By the time the intruder reached her side
of the bed she  had crawled all the way into the narrow space and was completely
hidden from view. She  couldn't see behind her but she could feel him standing
there. Suddenly she heard a mo- tion behind her and a strong hand gripped firmly
around her ankle. Again she screamed  and she started kicking with her other
foot. Fighting like a wildcat she kicked and  screamed as her body was slowly
dragged out from under the bed.

She was pulled out into the open and her legs dropped. Turning onto her back she
stared  up at her assailant, her mind almost frozen with fear. It was definitely
a man but that was  about all she could discover. From head to toe he was
dressed in black and his face was  covered by a ski mask. From her perspective
on the ground he seemed to be a giant and  his size made her even more afraid.
He held his arms up in a gesture of peace and gave  her time to calm down. After
several minutes of staring at each other he slowly lowered his  hands and
stepped closer to her. She panicked and her foot lashed out, hitting him 
squarely on the groin. He groaned loudly and toppled over like a tall tree,
clutching his  privates in pain. With difficulty she scrambled to her feet and
made a rush for the door, the  panic and fear driving her instinct to flee. She
had made it almost all the way down the  passage before the chain decided she'd
gone far enough and stopped her in her tracks.  Her head and neck was forced to
make a sudden stop as the rest of her body continued  its motion, her feet
literally running themselves out from under her body. She just had time  to
register a blinding pain from her throat before her body fell backwards and her
head hit  the floor with a loud crack. Her mind was trying to tell her that she
wasn't getting any oxy- gen through her crushed throat but a warm, dark cloud
overtook her senses and she  slipped into oblivion.

Sharon slowly drifted up to the light. As she got closer she began to register
pain and her  mind paused. She didn't want to go to the light - it meant pain
and fear and discomfort.  For a long while she just hovered there, not conscious
but not asleep either. Something  was urging her to wake up but her mind
resisted, it was warm and peaceful down here.  The impulse was too great and
slowly she opened her eyes. "Ughgnn!" said her body to  her mind. It felt as if
every part of her body was throbbing with pain, not the least of which  the spot
at the back of her head. She closed her eyes again. "What happened?" Her mind 
asked. "How should I know? That's your department" Replied her body. "Oh and by
the  way - you need to find a toilet, now!" Suddenly her memory kicked in and
she sat up in  bed, her eyes wide with fear. "That was a mistake!" said her body
as the blackness folded  over her.

"Shall we try that again?" said her mind a while later. "No need to." Replied
the body "It's  been taken care of." "But I thought we needed to find a toilet."
Said her mind. "As I said -  it's been taken care of." Said her body. Her mind
wrinkled her nose and made a face.

A while later her body spoke again. "Hey - somebody's shaking our arm." "Tell
them to go  away - we don't want any." Said her mind, giggling to herself. Body
didn't get it. "It might  be important." It replied. "It would mean waking up
you know." Her body thought this over  for a while - waking up didn't sound like
such a good idea. "Yeah - but we need to roll  over anyway, our back's gone
numb." "Oh alright" said her mind with a resigned look on  it's face.

Sharon's eyelids fluttered a few times as she slowly woke up. She was lying on
her back  in a large canopy bed, the crisp clean linen tucked in under her body.
The bed was in a  large room with plush carpeting and expensive furniture.
Bright morning sunlight was  streaming through the windows. The whole room was
artfully decorated in soft pastel col- ors, everything from the lush carpet to
the expensive wallpaper was color coordinated to  create a pleasant flowing
effect. The room smelled of new linen and old varnished wood.  Sitting in a
chair next to her was a man, a friendly smile on his face. Her breath caught in 
her throat as she recognized the stranger from the nightclub and she almost
fainted again.  He reached out to a small table next to him and carefully
brought a bowl of soup to her  side. "Hungry?" he asked, the smile still on his
face.




Chapter XXV

Sharon was way too shocked to say anything comprehensible. Instead she just lay
there  blinking her eyes while her mind did summersaults in an attempt to come
to grips with this  new surprise. This is it! I'm finally here! Oh God - what's
going to happen to me? How did  I get here? Where is here? What is his name? He
won't hurt me will he? Can I trust him?  What's he like? Will he take the suit
off? The last thought thundered through her head like  a thunderbolt, yanking
her back to reality. Ignoring the bowl of soup she quickly lifted the  covers
and peeked down at her breasts. With a disappointed groan she dropped the cov-
ers back onto her shiny, hard breasts. She looked back down at the bowl and
shook her  head, the groan had reminded her that swallowing would be a painful
ordeal. As she tried  to sit up she discovered her ankles had been bound
together by something hard and  heavy, probably iron manacles of some kind. She
was forced to use both legs at the same  time to push herself upright. He helped
her by positioning some pillows behind her back  and she settled down.

"How are you feeling?" he asked, sitting down again. She gently touched an
aching spot at  the back of her head and discovered that her head was covered
with a bandage. "That  was quite a knock you took. I'm surprised you didn't
crack your skull." Instead of answer- ing she just looked him over. He was
definitely the man from the club that has disap- peared before she could
confront him. He was still as tall as she'd remembered with big  hands and feet.
His arms and shoulders were broad and powerful, tapering down to a  pleasantly
thin waist and hips. His skin had a healthy tan and his jet-black hair looked 
shiny and clean. He had a handsome face with a strong nose and prominent, square
chin.  As he moved his body rippled and flowed with a supple, confident grace
that she sus- pected came from years of dancing or martial arts. Everything
about him spoke of wealth  and confidence and power. He was exactly the kind of
man she'd imagine in her dreams.  The only thing that she didn't like was his
eyes. His eyes were steel gray and hard. There  was something disconcerting
about the way his eyes seemed to glare into her very soul  without giving
anything back. The smile on his face didn't seem to reach his eyes and she  felt
a quick shudder go up her back. His eyes suggested dark secrets and deep,
danger- ous thoughts. He was the kind of man you could sleep next to for years
and still you would  know nothing about him.

It took a few tries before she could get her voice to work. As it was her voice
sounded  weak and scratchy. "Where am I?" she asked. "At my place." He said,
ducking the ques- tion. Obviously he didn't want to go into details. She tried a
different approach. "And you  are?" "My name is David." "You made the suit
didn't you?" He nodded yes. "Why?" she  asked. "Now is not the time to discuss
it." He said, rising out of the chair. "Please make  yourself comfortable. I'll
be back to look in on you a little later." "Where are you going?"  she asked,
the panic rising in her voice. He ignored her and headed for the door. "Why did 
you do this to me! Who are you? What do you want!" she cried as he walked out.
With a  faint click the door closed behind him and once again she was alone. For
a long while she  sat staring at the door, the thoughts and visions racing
through her head. After a while the  dam finally broke and she started sobbing
into her arms. All the fear and stress of the last  couple of days came flooding
out in a torrent of emotion and her body shook as the sobs  racked her body.

After a long crying session she felt much better and refreshed. Her cheeks were
streaked  with her tears and she wiped her eyes with the back of her arm. She
decided she felt  strong enough to get out of bed so she pulled the covers to
one side and swung her legs  over the side. The first thing she noticed was the
thin plastic pipe running from between  her legs down the side of the bed. She
peeked under the bed and discovered that the pipe  went into the top of a glass
bottle. The bottle was filled with a golden liquid and she real- ized it was her
urine. The pipe was fixed to her crotch with a small rubber plug and she  pulled
it out easily. Wrinkling her nose in disgust she dropped the pipe next to the
bottle  and focused her attention on her ankles. As she'd suspected they were
held in the firm  embrace of a set of shiny, sturdy manacles. The manacles were
connected to each other  by a single chain link, allowing her very little
movement. The sight of the shiny, smooth  manacles had the unexpected effect of
making her horny. Sharon sighed at herself, it  seems even in the darkest, most
desperate situations couldn't suppress her body's kinky  instinct to come to the
fore. Fastidiously ignoring her body's erotic demands for attention  she slowly
rose to her feet and stood next to the bed. The combined effect of the bump on 
her head and her bound ankles made her sway alarmingly and she held onto one of
the  bed's posts for support. After regaining enough of her composure and
courage she took a  small, tentative hop away from the bed. She immediately
regretted it as her head started  throbbing furiously from the slight movement.
She waited for the pounding and nausea to  abate before she continued. Rather
than trying to hop she opted for a slow shuffle in the  direction she wanted to
go. She had to concentrate hard on keeping her balance and by  the time she'd
reached the window she was sweating profusely and her head was pound- ing like a
sledgehammer. She rested by sitting down on the windowsill and examined her 
surroundings.

The house was built in the modern style and she noticed the painted metal pipes
and iron  beams supporting the roof over her head. Even though the room had been
artfully done in  soft colors, the classical furniture seemed slightly out of
place in the modern setting they  were standing in. The room, and she suspected
the rest of the house, had the strong,  masculine feel of its owner. She looked
out of the window and was surprised to discover  that she was in a second story
room. Her mind made a slight adjustment and she realized  that the house had to
be even bigger than what she'd imagined. There was a large lawn  with a pool and
clubhouse in one corner. A tall white wall that separated it from a lush  green
valley ringed the property.

Sharon lay on the bed, staring at its canopy. There wasn't any clock in the room
and Joe  had made off with her wristwatch so she had no idea what time it was.
She felt certain that  hours must've passed since David had left her alone and
she was very bored and frus- trated. She'd already inspected every nook and
cranny of her quarters and there was  nothing left for her to do. As she'd
suspected her room was locked and the only place she  could go was into her on-
suite bathroom. She'd already taken a bath so there was noth- ing interesting
for her there either. Her room had several closets and even a dressing ta- ble
but there were no clothes, just some make-up. She was still 'naked' and to calm
her  frayed nerves she'd wrapped a large fluffy towel around her body. She
rubbed her throat  and winced as her tender skin complained. She'd discovered a
large, swollen ring around  her neck where the chain had bitten into her flesh
and her neck and throat still felt tender.  While bathing she'd removed the
bandage from her head and inspected the wound. The  skin was broken and she had
an ugly bump but she'd survive. She didn't have any clean  dressing so she'd
decided to let the wound air out.

For the thousandth time that day she took a quick glance at the door. This
wasn't quite  what she'd envisioned their meeting would be like. In her dreams
she was usually bound  and captive, but never in a thousand years would she have
imagined him leaving her  alone for hours on end. Wasn't he interested in his
prize? Didn't he want to play with his  possession? Had she disappointed him in
some way? Sharon was no longer startled by  these thoughts. The one thing that
the suit has taught her was to be honest with herself.  There was no use in
denying her feelings. Yes she was afraid. Yes she was angry. Yes he  had no
right. And yet... Sharon got an enormous fright as the door opened and David en-
tered. She blushed a crimson red and looked the other way - it was almost as if
he'd read  her mind.

Even though she had the towel wrapped around her she still felt too naked for
comfort and  she used the bedspread to cover herself. David grinned at her
actions but didn't do any- thing to stop her. He was carrying a tray with food
and set it down on a small table at the  foot of the bed. "I trust your quarters
are satisfactory?" he asked, settling himself down in  the usual chair. She
nodded in reply. "Anything you need?" he asked. "Some clothes  would be nice."
She replied, still refusing to look him in the face. "Certainly. Arrangements 
have already been made." He replied. "Anything else?" She looked down at her
bound  ankles. They have been a bloody hindrance the whole day but as she sat
staring at their  glistening metallic shine... She shook her head no. "Very
well. Then I suggest we have  lunch. After that you and I had better have a long
chat." He said and started dishing up the  food.




Chapter XXVI

Sharon bit into the ripe kiwi fruit and it's tangy taste filled her mouth.

She'd never had kiwi fruit before and it was a novel experience. Her plate was
heaped  with fresh fruits, a few types of cheese and several slices of cold
meats. David sat back  and started eating from his own plate.

"What is it that you do?" asked Sharon between bites.

"I'm a architect with my own business." He replied.

"Did you design this house?" she asked, already knowing the answer.

As she'd expected he nodded.

For a while there was an awkward silence as she thought of something to say. She
had a  million questions she wanted to ask but she was afraid he'd storm out
again.

"Tell me about the Mardi Gras. How did he get you?" he asked, solving the
problem for  her.

She told him the whole story while he listened intently, nodding and chewing as
the events  unfolded. By the time she'd done with her story the food was gone as
well. After taking her  plate he settled down into the chair and sat staring at
her for a while. His earnest appraisal  of her made her uncomfortable and she
drew the covers closer to her body.

"Has the suit been giving you any problems? Is it comfortable?" He suddenly
said, catch- ing her off guard.

What could she say? That it was making her nuts? That she longed to have it
removed?  That it made her so horny she could cry?

She simply nodded.

"How long did it take to get used to it?" he asked.

She thought about the question for a moment.

"I'm still not used to it." She replied. "There isn't a day that goes by that
I'm not reminded  of it."

"Good." He said, "That's what I've been hoping for."

The casual, almost flippant way he replied surprised and angered her. She could
feel the  blood rising to her cheeks.

"Why? Why did you do this? What have I ever done to you!"

Instead of answering her he turned in his seat and stared at the view outside
the window.  For a while there was silence as he sat there, calmly staring at a
scene he must've seen a  thousand times before.

"Have you ever seen a wild stallion?" he suddenly said. Once again her mind had
to do  some gymnastics to keep up. How did they get from the suit to horses?

"Yes." she finally replied. She could still remember the trip to her uncle's
farm. He had a  whole heard of wild ponies roaming the mountains where his farm
ended. Sometimes  they'd spot the heard grazing on the slopes.

"A wild stallion is one of the most beautiful creatures in the world. It's
powerful yet grace- ful. When you see them run you can't help but be amazed at
their speed and strength.  Seeing a proud stallion makes you want to be near it,
feel it, control it." He turned back to  her and stared directly into her eyes.

"The first time I ever saw a wild stallion I just knew I had to have it. I
wanted to own its  beauty. I wanted to control its strength. Every part of me
wanted to be with that horse."

What was he saying? She didn't understand this conversation at all. Was he
saying she  was like a wild stallion?

"I never got the chance to own that horse. I'd not yet made any money and
besides, it  wasn't for sale." Again there was silence as he reminisced about
his lost love.

"Then, years later, I again found a wild stallion. It was even more beautiful
than the first.  This time I vowed he'd be mine. As fortune would have it he was
for sale and I quickly  bought him before somebody else could steal him away. To
me it was very important he'd  be mine and mine alone. He'd never been ridden
and I swore he'd never feel anybody on  his back but me." He smiled fondly a he
leaned back and closed his eyes.

"I still remember bringing him home. He was so wild! So magnificent! I wanted to
climb  onto his back there and then but he'd have killed me in the blink of an
eye."

"I set out to find the best trainer money could buy. He was going to break that
horse for  me, but there was one condition, he could do as he pleased with the
horse but he could  not ride it. To this day that horse had never been ridden by
anyone but me."

Sharon lay down on her side with her head on her hand. She didn't know where
this was  going but she wasn't about to stop his story.

"Have you ever seen a horse being broke?" he asked. "It's a brutal, barbaric
process. The  horse is mishandled and mistreated for days on end. The only way
to break him is to  break his spirit. You have to make him fear and respect you,
you have to convince him  that you are his lord and master. It was then that I
realized that most horses are tame be- cause they are afraid. They are afraid of
going through the same treatment again so they  obey." He sighed. "Finally the
day came that I could ride him. He'd put up a valiant strug- gle but in the end
there could be only one outcome to his saga. The trainer was still a bit 
nervous but I was determined it would be that day. I carefully calmed him down
before I  slowly climbed onto his back."

David laughed softly to himself. "I don't know who was the most nervous, me or
the horse.  For minutes I just sat there on his back while his body quietly
trembled between my legs.  Finally I took a deep breath and started guiding him
in small circles around the pen. I was  ecstatic! I had finally achieved my
goal. He was mine! For almost an hour we continued  getting to know each other
as I put him through his paces. It was the most magnificent  hour I have ever
experienced in my life."

Once again there was silence as David sat there thinking. When he finally spoke
again he  sounded somber and disappointed.

"When I finally dismounted I went and stood next to the trainer. He was
extremely pleased  with his achievement but suddenly I felt cheated. The
stallion looked the same but some- thing had been lost. It wasn't the same
animal I had seen running wild in the fields. I paid  the man his money and he
left. I have ridden that stallion a lot since then and he was eve- rything you
could hope for. Spirited, fast, brave, and yet... I had robbed him of the
quality I  had most admired, his wildness. I had turned that magnificent
creature into just another  horse, little better than the thousands of other
horses around the world. I had been so de- termined to own him that I had killed
the very quality I had sought from him."

For a long while there was silence as Sharon thought over his story and David
replayed  the scenes in his mind.

"Is that why you built the suit? So that nobody could own me but you?" she
finally asked.

"That's one reason yes." He replied.

"But I wasn't a virgin. Why choose me? It sounds as if you are very concerned
with being  the first."

He smiled at her comment. "Do you know how difficult it is to find a virgin? In
our modern  society it's almost impossible. Besides, I had no way of knowing
until I actually had you  and by then it was too late to turn back."

Sharon blushed deeply as she imagined him inspecting her privates.

"Were you disappointed to discover that I wasn't a virgin?" she asked quietly.

"Not in the least. I hadn't expected you to be a virgin and besides, the way the
suit is built  would have meant your virginity would have been a problem."

She remembered the thin dildo in her sex and she became even redder.

"When are you going to release me?" she asked, her voice throaty and low.

"When the time is right." He said, rising from his chair.

"Where are you going?" she asked, the panic rising. "There are so many things we
still  need to talk about."

"Don't worry, I'll be back in a second, I just need to fetch something." He said
as he left  the room.

Sharon lay back and tried to understand his story. So he liked horses. And he
liked them  wild. What did that have to do with her? The only thing she'd learnt
was that he was ex- tremely possessive about his property but she'd known that
already. Before she could  continue her line of thought he returned.

He was carrying a parcel under his arm and pulling a cable behind him. The cable
was  attached to a large drum that probably housed several more yard of the same
cable. The  whole drum hung from a strange device that rode on the pipes under
the roof.

"This is a guider." He explained. "It runs on these pipes throughout the house,
almost like  a cable cart." As he let the cable go it drew back into the drum.

She nodded, she'd suspected that the moment he'd pulled it into the room.

"At the other end of this cable goes this harness." He said, holding a jumble of
black  straps and silver buckles for her to examine. "The door will only open
once you have the  harness in place and you are attached to the cable. Once you
leave the room the harness  will stay locked until you return and you close the
door behind you."

Sharon nodded again. This was almost surreal, he was explaining a complicated
bondage  device to her as casually as if it was the radio. And she was being
turned on by it.

He put the harness down on the bed and walked to the closet.

"Every morning you will find the day's clothes in this closet. You are to wear
only what is  presented to you in the morning or whatever else I supply during
the day. Wear every- thing, clothes, jewelry and whatever else I supply. Don't
leave anything behind. Once you  are finished for the day you must throw the
clothes down this chute." He showed her a  sliding door at the back of the
closet that opened to reveal a dark hole. "You will find some  cosmetics, a hair
brush, a toothbrush and some creams in the bathroom. Please let me  know if you
need anything else."

He turned to the door and prepared to leave.

"Please get ready and then come down to the main dining room. I will see to your
wound  down there." He said and stepped out of the room.

A moment after David closed the door behind him there was a faint click from
Sharon's  ankles. She pulled at the manacles and discovered that they could be
opened. Removing  them from her legs she absentmindedly rubbed her skin as she
sat thinking.

What in heaven's name was going on? This was the second time he'd left her alone
with- out even so much as a accidental brush against her arm. Did this man have
no feelings at  all? Wasn't he even a little bit attracted to her? His mere
presence was making her all hot  and flustered and yet he seemed to be as cool
as a cucumber! She had not had a single  indication that he was interested in
her, for heaven's sake he hadn't even stolen a glimpse  at her breasts.

She stood up and walked over to the mirror. Her whole body was screaming for
attention  and it felt like the first day that she'd discovered the suit. It was
as if the months hadn't yet  passed and she had again just getting used to the
hundreds of little sensations her body  was experiencing. She rubbed her hands
up and down her sides and shoulders, marveling  at the slick, smooth sensation
of polished metal under her hands.

She struck a modeling pose, hands behind her back, her thumbs interlocked, with
her hips  thrust forwards and slightly cocked to the side. She inspected herself
but could find noth- ing wrong. Despite the ugly marks around her throat her
neck was long and elegant, her  shoulders strong but feminine. Her breasts
looked firm and inviting, even if they were a bit  artificial. Her waist was
narrow and sleek, it's smooth, firm surface just begging to be cir- cled in his
broad arms. Her hips were strong and firm and made her legs look twice as  long
as they really were.

The pose made her push her crotch out invitingly and she had to concentrate not
to touch  herself. Her upper thighs and stomach made a lovely hollow bowl in
which her dome lay  proudly waiting to be taken. She loved the erotic metal
glint of her sex as the light played  over it's curved surface.

The metal bent down and into the intimate folds of flesh where her legs met her
crotch.  She looked alluring, dazzling, delectable! How the hell did he manage
to keep his hands  off her?

Finally her self-control broke and she reached out to her sex with both hands,
her fingers  probing and searching for a entrance that her mind knew didn't
exist. Within minutes she  was breathing hard and her face was flustered with
exertion but she had reached the level  where she could simply not go higher.
Despite the throbbing burning in her sex and the  agonizing ache of her nipples
she could not bring herself anywhere near a climax.

Sharon walked over to the bed and got the harness. Her whole body was slick and
sweaty  with the exertion and she couldn't help but notice how her wet skin
slipped and slided in- side its prison as she moved. She held the harness at
arms length, inspecting its confus- ing jumble of straps and links. Satisfied
that she had it figured out she started the process  of putting it on.

The harness started with a broad collar around her neck. It was so broad it
almost quali- fied to be a posture collar but it was soft and pliable so that
she could move her head from  side to side. There was no lock that kept the
collar in place, instead the ends clicked into  each other, just like almost
every other piece of bondage equipment he had made her  wear. For some reason he
seemed to dislike the sight of bulky locks hanging from her  body.

There were four straps hanging from the collar. One going down her breastbone,
one on  either side of her breasts and one down her spine. The straps followed
the contours of her  body as they made their way down to her waist where they
linked onto a broad, stiff waist  belt. There was a strip running just below her
breasts around her chest. Wherever the  straps crossed they were linked by
large, round metal hoops that held them in place.

From the belt around her waist three straps ran down to her crotch, one down the
center  and one from either hip. These ran into her crotch, through her fork and
up her backside,  splitting apart as soon as they emerged from her between her
legs. The two side straps  ran up over her cheeks to join the belt at almost the
same spot they had departed while  the center strap ran straight up her crack to
the belt.

At the back the strap over her spine hung down to a large ring situated right
between her  shoulder blades. The horizontal strap around her chest terminated
at the ring between her  shoulder blades. A short strap ran from the ring, down
her spine to the belt around her  waist. The belt locked at the back with a
large metal clasp that also just clicked together.  As she had expected the
harness fit snugly over her suit with no give at all.

David had also left her a light yellow sundress and some sandals. She pulled it
over her  head and tied the thin cord around her waist. The dress was nice and
light and made her  feel cool in the afternoon heat. She slid her feet into the
sandals and walked over to the  bathroom, trying her best to ignore the
insistent pressure between her thighs. She added  some light makeup and ran a
brush through her hair, careful to avoid the tender spot at  the back of her
head.

Satisfied that she was presentable she returned to the bedroom and pulled the
cable from  the guider. It was spring-loaded and although it unwound easily
there was a constant pull  as the cable tried to roll itself back into the
guider. She pulled the cable to the mirror and  the guider followed her with a
soft, oily sound as it rode on the pipe.

Sharon turned her back to the mirror and inspected herself over her shoulder.
There was  no denying that the faint contours of the harness under the dress was
doing some won- derful things to her blood pressure and she swallowed hard as
she tried to ignore the  erotic sight. She found the small hole in the back of
the dress and used her fingers to po- sition the hole over the clasp of the
harness. The cable terminated in a small iron tip that  clipped into the belt.
She pushed the tip into the belt and a small shudder went through  her body as
it joined with a faint click. Less than a second later the door clicked as the 
electronic lock disengaged.

Sharon released the cable and was slightly startled as it pulled at her harness.
The cable  wanted to return to the guider and its tension was transmitted to the
harness as the drum  rolled in the slack. The result was that the belt and
particularly the straps over her cheeks  kept on reminding her of the faint
vertical pull of the cable. Sharon set off for the door,  stoically ignoring the
rubbing between her legs and the ever-present tension of the cable.

As she exited the door she was confronted with the breathtaking sight of the
house's inte- rior. She was standing on the 2nd story walkway that looked out
onto a large, open en- trance hall. The house was curved around the central hall
in the shape of a half moon. A  cool, artfully decorated fishpond with exotic
plants and flowing water made up the center- piece and the roof was capped by a
high glass ceiling. On the opposite side of the walk- way an enormous wall of
stain glass windows completed the circle, closing the house  around the hall.

The floor around the fishpond was laid in dark-brown tiles and the walls were
colored in a  soft cream finish that made the hall seem cool and inviting. To
the left and right of her  were several closed doors that led of to other rooms,
all easily accessible from the walk- way. Above her head the pipe and iron
bridgework continued and had she not known of  their secondary function she
would not even have noticed it.

Still a bit shaken by the size and opulence of the house she set of to the
stairs that would  take her down to the first floor. As she walked down the
passage the guider followed her  like an obedient little dog. As she started
down the stairway the guider suddenly came  zooming over her head and she made a
grab for the wire. Gravity had taken hold of it and  now she was following it,
rather than pulling it as she had done on level ground. When she  reached the
1st floor she had to guide the guider onto the right rail.

At several places the pipe rails would split or cross and unless she and the
guider was  going along the same route she'd soon be forced to turn around to
correct her mistake.  With a slight pull on the cable she convinced the guider
that she wanted to walk onto the  first floor and they both set off, the guider
once again following her.

The first floor was clearly the dining and socializing area. This whole level
was designed to  be open-plan and the one room flowed seamlessly into the next.
The front area, closest to  the stairs was clearly the dining room with an
enormous table and soft, expensive carpet- ing. A few paintings and some soft
lighting gave it a friendly, inviting atmosphere. Floor to  ceiling windows gave
an exquisite view of the valley and made the room feel even bigger.

Next to the dining room was the kitchen. It had no walls around it and made up
an integral  part of the whole, instead it was separated from the dining are by
two counters that served  as working surfaces. An enormous industrial stove and
grill stood in the center of its tiled  floor, brass ports and pans hanging from
the ceiling all around the extractor fan. Two  doors led off from the kitchen,
one a metal door that she guessed was a walk-in fridge and  another that she
looked like the swinging doors in a restaurant.

She guessed that would lead to the washing and restroom area.

On the opposite side from the kitchen, situated more towards the windows was a
fairly  impressive bar. It was made from old, dark wood and a riot of bottles
and mugs stood  against the wall. This was the kind of bar that was designed to
suit even the fussiest of  high-society visitors.

Deeper into this level was a combination of pool hall and dance floor. Sharon
couldn't see  the hi-fi set but she had a feeling it would be the best money
could buy. There was even  some disco lights installed in the ceiling. The two
pool tables had their own lighting and  there was even a full sized snooker
table standing off to one side. The obligatory dart- board was mounted on a
wall, a few darts left forgotten in it's surface.

David was waiting for her at the dining table and he stood up as she entered,
holding a  chair for her to sit down.

"This is quite a place." she said, "You must be doing well."

"I do ok." he said as she sat down. As her body lowered down to the seat the
cable un- wound a little from the guider. She just couldn't get used to the
harness' constantly pulling  at her and she fidgeted for a moment in her chair.
There was a small medical kit neatly  spread out on the table in front of him.

"I hope you know what you're doing." she said with a nervous laugh.

"Don't worry, I've done this before." he said as he pushed her head and
shoulders for- wards.

"Oh? Don't tell me you're a doctor as well as an architect?" she said, her hair
hanging  down beside her face.

"No." he said with a soft chuckle as his hands gently started moving her hair
out of the  way, "I was a medical corpsman in the Marines. I know a few of the
basics but that's it."

She winced as he applied some disinfectant and started to clean the wound with a
cotton  ball. He worked quickly and in silence, cleaning and dressing the wound
with practiced  skill. Sharon closed her eyes and concentrated on his hands and
body moving gently so  close to her own. Occasionally he'd brush up against her
with his body and she'd breathe  deeply to catch a whiff of his after-shave.

"So doc. Will I live?" she asked as he finished up and started packing the kit
away.

"Sure, the skin is already starting to heal and the swelling's gone down." he
replied. He left  the kit on the table and walked over to the big windows
overlooking the valley. She joined  him a short while later and they stood side
by side as they watched the sun slowly sinking  towards the horizon.

"When are you going to release me?" she finally asked in a quiet but calm voice.

"Probably next weekend" he said after a long pause. "That will allow you to get
back to  work before your leave runs out." It wasn't the answer she was looking
for.

She turned towards him and looked up into his face. "No. I meant when are you
going to  take the suit off?"

"When the time is right." he said, still staring out of the window. At least he
hadn't run off  again.

"And when will that be?" she asked.

"I don't know." he said quietly.

Suddenly her patience was at an end and she grew angry. What was wrong with the
man!  Couldn't he see how ready she was? She walked around to his front and
crossed her  arms in front of her chest.

"What is it with you? What is going on? Can't you see me or what? Am I such a
big disap- pointment?"

His eyes showed surprise as she spoke but he didn't interrupt.

"You have me! I'm here! You have succeeded dammit! You can do with me what you 
want! How can I stop you?" she said, her chest rising and falling with anger.

"Sharon. Despite everything I have done I am not a rapist." He said quietly,
looking her  straight in the eyes. She couldn't help thinking of the hard dildo
sitting inside of her. Tech- nically he might not be a rapist but for almost a
year he had been 'doing' it to her every  second of her life.

She walked up to his chest and stood as close as she could without actually
touching him,  her eyes never leaving his gaze.

"Who said it would be rape?" she replied.

David finally pulled back and they both took deep, rasping breaths. That was the
longest,  hardest kiss she'd ever experienced in her life. The sun was finally
setting behind the hori- zon and the house's automated lights kicked in. Despite
their clothes, the harness and the  hard suit separating their bodies she could
feel his heart beating fiercely in his chest.

With his left hand still holding her around the waist his right hand searched
for something  is his pocket. She tried to see what he was up to but his hand
held the object at her back  and she had no idea what was going on. She was just
about to ask him when her whole  body was suddenly lifted about ten inches off
the floor.

"Hey! What the..." she said as he stepped back and left her hanging on the
cable. Her  body slanted over forwards and she flailed around with her limbs,
trying to grab hold of  something.

"Hey! Let me down! What are you doing?" she asked as she tried to find her
equilibrium.  She was almost hanging horizontally, her hands and feet searching
desperately for  something to touch. He just smiled and turned away from her,
typing something into the  remote control he was holding in his hands. Suddenly
the guider started moving with a  soft whine and she was carried off towards the
stairs. She cried and complained, threat- ened and begged all to no avail, David
was acting deaf all of a sudden. Moaning and  complaining she was powerless to
resist as he stood watching her exit the room, a pool  queue being held calmly
in his hands. As she floated towards the stairs the last thing she  heard was
the loud click as he started his game.

Sharon was slowly and gently being carried down the stairs to the ground floor.
Her whole  body was turning in slow, lazy circles as she struggled. She'd
stopped complaining as it  wasn't doing her any good anyway. On a few occasions
she had managed to touch a wall  or grab onto the banister of the stairs but the
guider was much stronger than she was and  she couldn't hold on. She had to
admit that despite her fear this was a very erotic ride.

Besides the obvious pressure on her fork and the tight grip on her buttocks the
sensation  of helplessness made her whole body tremble with lust. Her blood
pressure, already high  from the harness's constant pressure on her thighs, had
shot through the roof when they  had kissed. The ride and its effects on her
imagination were ensuring that there was no  chance of her blood pressure coming
down again. Every inch of her body was trembling  and quivering in nervous
anticipation. Her nipples felt like they covered almost all of her  chest, their
constant and insistent aching driving her wild. Her sex was a boiling, throbbing 
cauldron of lust. Occasionally and quite uncontrollably a hard, furious spasm of
contrac- tions would go through her loins as her body tried desperately to milk
the dildo. Sharon  had almost no control over her hands as they roamed over her
body, coating her skin and  the suit with a thin layer of sweat. The fear and
trepidation was still there, but it was slowly  being overpowered by a wall of
pure lust.

In a daze of sweet agony she barely noticed the passing spectacle that was the
ground  floor. She hardly noticed the fountain in the entrance hall as she
slowly drifted past it. Nor  did she even blink as she rolled over the large
indoor swimming pool. The games room  with its neon lights and flashing screens
distracted her for a second but was also soon  forgotten.

It was only when the guider started moving towards a blank wall at the end of a
short pas- sageway that she started taking notice. She was almost on top of the
wall before it sud- denly split down the middle and the two sections moved out
of the way with a soft, pneu- matic sigh. Beyond the doors lay a dark,
mysterious passageway that curved sharply to  the left as it descended into the
dark earth. As she entered the dark hole the doors behind  her closed again,
shutting out the light.

Sharon's breath came out hard and rough as she slowly descended the passageway.
She  couldn't see a thing but she could touch the rough sides of the passage,
her fingers rub- bing over rough, cold rock. Although by no means gone her lust
had quickly been over- powered by a new sense of fear and suspense. Visions of
mad scientists and weird ex- periments kept on running through her head. The
tunnel seemed to go on forever. Her  mind began playing tricks on her, was she
still going down? How long had she been in the  dark? Was she going in circles?

Sharon gave a quick whelp as the darkness suddenly split open in front of her
and light  came streaming in. As with the doors she'd entered with the tunnel
had split to allow her  passage into an enormous room.

The place looked like something out of a fairytale. At some stage the room had
been a  normal cave with stalagmites hanging from the ceilings and glittering
crystal in the walls.  Although most of the cave was still raw and untouched
there had been some substantial  changes made. For one the floor was now level
and covered with a luxurious red carpet.  Hundreds of hidden, colored lights had
been placed at strategic positions, bathing the  room in soft, eerie light.
Several torches were mounted on the walls, their soft flames  adding to the
fairytale atmosphere.

There were several pieces of furniture in the room, all chosen to add to the
atmosphere. In  the center of the room stood a gigantic four poster bed.

It was the biggest bed she'd ever seen, easily twice as large as the one that
stood in her  room. Next to the bed was a large bookshelf with old, mysterious
books covering every  inch. On the other side of the bed stood a big old cabinet
with several drawers and doors.  There was a huge oak desk, it's surface
cluttered with odds and ends, a old and scuffed  poker table with a few heavy
leather chairs around it and an enormous hearth with the  obligatory bear rug
lying in front of it.

The room had been created and decorated to convey a very definite atmosphere.
Deft  little accessories had been added to enhance the whole experience, like
the old, faded  maps hanging from the walls. Or the heavy oak trunk standing at
the foot of the bed.  Sharon couldn't help but giggle as she even spotted two
sculls on the bookcase, acting as  stops.

Her soft giggle turned to a loud shriek as her feet suddenly touched the ground.
She had  been so busy looking around she hadn't even noticed that the guider had
let her down  again. She took a few tentative steps into the room and realized
that the guider wasn't  following. Instead she was given a measure of freedom by
the cable rolling out of the  drum, allowing her the movement to explore. She
slowly walked into the room, her head  swiveling back and forth like that of a
kid in a candy store. She didn't know whether to be  fascinated or terrified.
This was either the humorous playroom of somebody with a healthy  sense of
adventure, or it was the weird creation of a mind gone round the bend. She ten-
tatively sat down on the bed, her mind trying to make sense of her unexpected
surround- ings.

She hardly had time to settle down when the doors suddenly opened with a soft
sigh.  David came striding into the room and headed over to the cabinet.

"Please remove your clothes and lay down on the bed" he said, hardly giving her
a glance.  He sounded like a doctor walking in on a patient, all business and
efficiency. She wasn't  about to bare herself in front of a stranger, not even
if he had seen her naked before. In- stead she sat and watched him go through
the cabinet's drawers.

"What is this place?" she asked instead "It's weird."

"Before I built the house there was this underground cave here." He replied over
his  shoulder. "I discovered it when we did the seismic tests for the house's
foundations."

"Why the gothic d�cor?" she asked, looking around.

"Most of the stuff here has some sentimental value from when I grew up." He
said. "Later  on I added some pieces to create more of an atmosphere."

He turned around and faced her. In his hands was a collection of leather cuffs
and chains.

"Why are you still dressed?" he asked.

"I can't just.. I mean I hardly.." she stammered, her eyes riveted on the cuffs.
"What are  you going to do?" she finally managed. She didn't know if she liked
the direction things  were going.

David just sighed and pulled the remote from his pocket. She was starting to
like that little  black box less and less. He pressed some buttons and she gave
a little whelp as the suit  gave her a quick, light shock.

"No!" she cried. Things were going very wrong, very quickly. "Don't do that
please!"

She jumped from the bed and ran to the door but they wouldn't open. While she
was  banging her fists against them she was shocked again.

"Please no. Please I can't." she begged but David's eyes had turned hard and
impassive.  The third shock came as she stood with her back to the door, the
tears streaming down  her face.

"Ok, ok" she said, holding her hand out in a gesture for him to stop. "I'll do
it, just make it  stop."

David lowered the control and stood with his hands on his hips, waiting for her.
She  walked back to the bed, wiping her eyes with the back of her arm.

She was very afraid and very angry at the same time.

She stood at the bed and stepped out of the sandals. Turning her back to David
she fum- bled with the dress's cord before lifting the dress over her head. With
the cable still in  place she had to let it hang from the clasp in the small of
her back. She folded her arms  around her body in the classic defensive posture.
With her back still turned to him she  climbed onto the bed and her skin burned
with shame. The dress hanging from her back- side reminded her of the tail at
the Mardi Gras and she started sobbing as the bad memo- ries came flooding back.
She swore she could feel his cold eyes roaming all over her back  and she
quickly lay down on her stomach, trying to cover as much as she could with the 
dress.

Sharon lay on her stomach, quietly sobbing into a pillow. Her wrists were bound
together  and onto the bed above her head, her ankles together and onto the
bottom of the bed.  Despite being stretched out full length none of her limbs
hung over the side, the bed was  just that big. David had gagged her with a big
leather gag that held a huge chunk of rubber  in her mouth. All she could do was
sob and quietly whimper to herself.

For a short while she had felt safe and welcome. After her ordeal with Joe she
had actu- ally looked forward to meeting David. She had felt welcomed in his
house, even if it was in  bondage. She had imagined they could be friends,
lovers. Instead her life had once again  thrown her a cruel curveball. Instead
of being saved by a knight in white armor she had  been abducted by a madman.
She shuddered as she remembered his cold, hard eyes  staring straight at her
while he pushed the little button. There was no imagining what  somebody with
such eyes could do.

She groaned as she felt David sat down next to her. She wished she were back
home,  safe and sound from this nightmare. Why did her life have to be this way?
Was she ever  going to see her home again?

David released the cable from her back and it shot back to the drum with a loud
whining  sound. She tensed as he removed the dress and let it drop next to the
bed. For a while he  let his hands roam over her skin, pulling and rubbing the
harness whenever his hands  moved over it. Finally he released the harness with
a faint click and he slowly pulled the  jumble of straps from her body.

Sharon closed her eyes and tried to imagine being somewhere else but it was
useless.  David's hands lowly and sensuously massaged her skin where the harness
had left its  marks. Sharon hated every moment of it. It was causing a fierce
internal struggle with  pride, fear, lust and anger all pulling in different
directions.

Her pride was shouting at her not to respond, not to give him the satisfaction
of knowing  he was having an effect. This man had treated her like his an
object, like his own little toy  that he could use and abuse as he liked.

Her fear was shouting at her to get out. To struggle and scream and scratch at
his face.  She had no idea whether what his intentions were. For all she knew he
could be going  through some gruesome murder ritual.

Her lust was telling her how good it felt. How her skin adored the sensation of
his hands  moving over her backside. How her nipples were aching to feel him
squeeze them. How  her sex was swelling and sweating, just aching to feel him
inside her. How could she ig- nore her lips? They longed for her to roll over
and kiss him like they had done in the dining  room.

Her anger was reminding her how he'd betrayed her. How could she trust him?

The one moment he was holding her in his warm embrace, the next he was shocking
her.  He was the man that kept her in agony for almost a year. He was the man
that had denied  her access to even her own body.

Suddenly David rose from the bed and walked away. The move was so unexpected all 
she could for a moment was to blink in surprise. She tried to see what he was up
to but  her hair and shoulders blocked her sight and she had no idea where he
was. A few sec- onds later he returned and she felt him seat himself by her
side. Fear was kicking up a  real fuss. What was he doing now? What was going to
happen?

David took her around the waist and rolled her over onto her back. She
complained and  struggled a bit but she had no choice in the matter and she
calmed down again. She  watched suspiciously as he moved down to her ankles and
untied them from each other.  She moaned and kicked as he first tied the one
ankle and then the other to the corners of  the bed, splitting her wide open.
She didn't like the enforced pose, it made her feel vulner- able and she tried
desperately to roll away but it was impossible. Trembling with rage and  shame
she could just glare as he slowly rode his fingers up and down her fork, the
friction  driving her insane.

After tormenting her for several minutes he finally stopped and sat down between
her  thighs, his warm legs pressing down on hers. He watched her closely as he
slowly rode  his hands up her stomach, over her sides and onto her breasts. It
took a monumental ef- fort but she managed to keep control of herself, not
flinching or even moaning once.

David climbed off her and walked away to his desk. Sharon sighed deeply in
relief and  allowed herself the luxury of struggling against her bonds. His
hands had almost driven  her insane and as soon as his back was turned she
squirmed and twisted her body in im- potent lust. Her whole body was on fire and
while David was preoccupied with his desk  she tried desperately to touch
herself. Even the slightest touch would have sufficed but  her bonds prevented
her from even rubbing her thighs together. Like a man with an un- reachable itch
she fidgeted and twitched against her chains.

David turned back to her and she immediately froze. She had no intention of
letting him  know how much of an effect he has had on her body.

David returned and again seated himself between her thighs. He was carrying a
small tool  and her eyes grew wide in fear as the evil glint shone from its
sharp points. The tool  looked like something a dentist would use and she felt a
cold chill of fear running down her  back. It was a short metal rod with a
straight point at the one side and a hooked point at  the other.

The middle of the rod was rough for an easy grip but the two points were razor
sharp and  thin. He took the tool in his right hand and lowered it to her body,
sending panic signals all  through her body. She bucked like a wild bronco and
started twisting and turning her  whole body in a attempt to escape the evil
tool. David tried to hold her down with his arms  but her adrenaline was pumping
and he couldn't hold her still. In the end he was forced to  seat himself on her
stomach, his full weight on her rapidly tiring body.

David started scratching at the surface of the suit with the tool and all Sharon
could was  do was to struggle feebly. She had nothing left and could do little
more than twist her  wrists and shake her head from side to side.

It was only after several minutes of panic induced struggling that it dawned on
her that she  wasn't being hurt. She calmed down enough to watch David's work
and she was enor- mously surprised to discover that he was scratching a groove
in the suit's surface.

How could he be scratching a groove? She wondered. She'd tried everything
humanly  possible to make a dent in that suit and she could hardly even make a
scratch. She  watched in total fascination as David scratched a long, curved
groove down the side of her  right breast. As he worked little shiny specs of
suit would gather and every now and then  he'd blow them away. It was almost...
Sharon blinked with surprise as it suddenly dawned  on her. David wasn't
actually making a groove in the suit, it had always been there! All he  was
doing was to slowly remove a hard but thin layer of paint from the surface.

The suit obviously had a seam there, hidden by a layer of hard paint.

David blew the last of the dust away and stretched his back. For the last
forty-five minutes  he had been bent over forwards, slowly working his way
around her breasts. Sharon woke  from the sleepy daze she'd been in and looked
up at David. For more than an hour he  hadn't spoken a word and as he sat back
he gave her a quick smile but that was it. To her  surprise and consternation he
climbed off the bed and left the room, leaving her still firmly  bound. Her fear
had long since vanished and she inspected her breasts in anxious fasci- nation.
From just below her collarbone the groove ran in the direction of her shoulder. 
Once past her breast it suddenly curved down and followed her chest to just
below her  armpit. From her armpit it ran down her flank to just below her
breast. It curved back in,  following the contour below her breasts and lifted
slightly as it reached her chest bone  between her breasts. From there it dipped
down again, under the other breast, up her  side, over her chest and back to her
collarbone.

It formed one large, solid section that she hoped and prayed could be removed.
The pros- pect of seeing that hard surface lifted off her breasts made her giddy
and she slowly  twisted in frustrated impatience. Where the hell was he? She lay
back and stared at the  bed's canopy. She had waited a year for this, surely she
could wait a few more minutes.  Her nipples didn't agree with that reasoning but
there was nothing they could do about it.

David returned a short while later, carrying a tray with two glasses and a jug
of lemonade.  He placed the tray on the bedside table and poured a glass of
lemonade. The sight of the  lemonade reminded her of how thirsty she was and she
prayed he wouldn't torment her  like Joe had done.

"Not a word - understood?" he said, raising his finger into the air like a
teacher. She nod- ded and he quickly removed the gag. She didn't speak but she
had to flex her jaw mus- cles, trying to get some life back into them.

David slowly fed her some of the lemonade and before she could object he put the
gag  back on. He finished his own lemonade and she trembled as she imagined what
was to  come next. To her utter disappointment he climbed back on top of her but
this time he  faced the other way. He bent down and this time she could feel him
scratching at a sec- ond groove running over her sex.

She sighed and closed her eyes, her body trembling at every erotic scratch he
made be- tween her legs.

Sharon was going out of her mind. David was unknowingly driving her completely
insane  and she couldn't even tell him. For the last thirty minutes he had been
constantly and in- cessantly scratching at the groove between her legs, every
little movement driving her a  little closer to insanity. Occasionally his arms
would tickle her inner thigh or he would rest  a warm hand on her hip. It was
too much too take. Didn't he realize he was teasing her  beyond her capacity?
She had been trying to move and wriggle and somehow draw his  attention but he
had simply ignored her. For heaven's sake she had to be leaking juices all  over
his bed, couldn't he see that? She wasn't going to make it. Any moment now she
was  going to turn into a giggling, slobbering maniac, if she hadn't already.

Finally David sat back up and cleared the last specs with his fingers. He
climbed off her  stomach and sat down next to her. She tried to see what he had
done but her breasts  were in the way. David picked up the remote control and
looked her in the eye.

Why was she suddenly so afraid? Isn't this what she had been longing for?

Why was there this pit in the middle of her stomach? Nervously she twisted her
wrists in  their prison.

David pushed a whole sequence of numbers into the control and suddenly her suit
clicked  faintly. Sharon lay there with her eyes wide, her whole body trembling.
David bent over,  and using the tool for leverage, slowly lifted the plate from
her breasts. For the first time  since waking up that fateful morning she was
able to look down and see her own flesh and  blood.




Chapter XXVII

There was a whole bunch of wires that connected the plate to the main part of
the suit.  David had to carefully disconnect each wire before he could put the
plate to one side. In  the meantime Sharon inspected her breasts. They were very
pale and she could see the  faint blue lines of the veins that ran just below
the skin. The air in the large cavern wasn't  particularly cold but she swore
she could feel a cold breeze flowing over her breasts,  making her nipples stand
erect. David lifted the plate away and set it on the table, his eyes  never
leaving her aroused nipples. Teasing her he bent down and blew his hot breath
over  her nipples. Sharon groaned loudly through the gag and arched her back as
fireworks ex- ploded in her chest. David slowly licked her left nipple with his
tongue and she almost  fainted, his tongue felt like red-hot sandpaper. He took
her nipple into his mouth, sucking  and licking her aching, hard flesh. Within
seconds she was rushing towards an orgasm as  her mind was overpowered by
sensual stimulation. Just before she reached her climax  David placed his other
hand over her right breasts and started teasing her. It was as if her  whole
body was two large nipples, every inch of it covered by aching, quivering skin.
The  mother of all orgasms took hold of her body and every muscle in her body
tensed as one  spasm after the other flowed through her. Sharon lost all sense
of time and place, her  conscious mind blown away by the primal animal that had
been longing for this moment.  She rode the wave like a leaf caught up in a
typhoon, her body wriggling and twisting as  the sensation flowed over her.

Sharon's mind slowly drifted back to her body as a feather would gently return
to the  earth. How much time had passed? Had she lost consciousness? Was that
one big or- gasm or had she come several times in a row? Her eyes fluttered open
and she lay star- ing up at the canopy of the bed. David was sitting at her
side, a faint smile playing over his  lips. Her whole body was on fire, her skin
drenched with sweat. She could feel her hair  plastered to her scalp, the
droplets rolling down her breasts. "That was quite a display,"  said David. "I
thought you were going to break my bed." She just dropped her head back  down to
the pillow and rolled her eyes. David turned his attention to her crotch and
slowly  began removing the dome over her sex. Once again she groaned and her
muscles  gripped the thin dildo as it started moving. "Hey, relax. I can't get
this out if you don't let  go." said David with a smile. She tried her best to
relax but every time the dildo moved her  muscles would spontaneously grab it in
a vice-like grip. Rather than trying to rip the object  from her body David
changed his tactic. He started pushing and pulling the dildo in and  out of her
body. Sharon's body began copying the slow rhythmic movements, her hips 
thrusting and swaying with the same smooth rhythm. The sensation of the ribbed
dildo  rubbing against her walls was delicious and within moments she was on her
way to an- other orgasm. Suddenly, with one fluid motion, David pulled the Dildo
and it's covering  plate out of her. Sharon released a low growl as the dildo
left her empty and aching for  more. She raised her hips in an attempt to make
contact but David held it out of the way  and she was left panting.

The dome also had several wires attached and David started removing it. Sharon
craned  her neck to try and see but the position was awkward and she couldn't
make out what was  happening. She did however notice that there were two pipes
running into her body and  she shivered at the thought of what they might be
for. She'd thought she'd be used to not  being master of her own body but the
sight of the pipes and wires made her feel even  more vulnerable. Even the most
intimate parts of her anatomy belonged to him, his wires  and pipes invading her
flesh as if they had every right to be there. David fiddled with one  of the
pipes and she felt it wiggle inside her, so deep she feared the tip might be all
the  way up to her navel. It was a weird and uncomfortable sensation as he
slowly pulled the  pipe out, it's long black body coming and coming and coming
out of her. Finally the tip  emerged and David turned to the other. The pipe was
her catheter and she had expected  him to remove it as well but instead he
started twisting the pipe. It was then that she dis- covered that the catheter
was made up of two sections, one coming from her bladder to  just before her
urinary opening. The pipe terminated in a small plug that was just a bit big-
ger than her body's natural canal and it was therefore held in place by the
tension. The  second pipe wound into the plug from the other side, making it one
long pipe that ran out  of her body and onto the dome. David had no intention of
removing the catheter, he just  removed the second segment so that there
wouldn't be any loose pipes in her vagina.

David placed the wet, slick dome to one side and gave Sharon another of his
mischievous  smiles. "I'm surprised it's not rusted away on the inside." he
said, nodding towards the  dome. All she could do was blush. He gently and
softly slid his finger over the outside of  her sex, the slick, wet friction
making her squirm and wriggle on the bed. David teased her  a little more, his
finger flowing over the outside of her skin. When his finger at last touched 
her clit she almost exploded, the sensation flowing from her crotch in waves of
pleasure.  Before she even had time to realize what was happening she was right
in the middle of  another orgasm. Once again her mind left her as she wiggled
and squirmed, twisted and  turned. David kept up the treatment and one spasm
after the other rode over her body.  Finally he allowed her to come down to
earth by leaving her alone. He watched as she  closed her eyes and stretched out
luxuriously on the bed. David sat there in silence, his  eyes roaming over her
body as he waited for her to recover.

Sharon was utterly exhausted. The emotional and physical strain on her had taken
its toll  and she was running on empty. The last hour had been a tornado of
fear, anger, lust and  elation. Never in her life had she gone through so many
emotions in such a short time, her  mind reeling as one discovery followed upon
the next. Never had she felt such pleasure,  such release. Her body was still
tingling from the aftermath and already she was longing  for more as the
sensation slowly faded into memory. After a while she regained enough of  her
senses to remember David. He was still seated next to her watching her closely.
It  was so strange, him sitting there, watching her with devoted attention while
she lay before  him in all her naked glory. And yet he'd made no move to please
himself. How could he  resist touching her? Why wasn't he making his move? Was
there something wrong with  her? Was she a disappointment to him? It was her
breasts! He didn't like her breasts.  They were all white and pale and ugly. And
now with the plate gone they were small as  well. Sharon felt the desperation
rise from her stomach. She was a disappointment to him.  He didn't want her any
more. He couldn't bring himself to... David sighed deeply. "There  isn't a place
in this world I'd rather be right now." "You look so beautiful, so perfect. I
wish I  could make this moment last forever. You have no idea how long I've
waited for this." His  voice sounded soulful and excited at the same time. He
reached out and let his fingers  play across her inner thigh. David got up from
the bed and quickly removed his clothes,  his hard member waving at her in
salute. His body was hard and tanned and her breath  caught in her throat as she
watched the muscles on his back ripple and flow. He reached  for the remote and,
pressing a few buttons on it, dimmed the lights to a low, romantic  glow.
Putting the remote away he turned his attention back to her. He quickly removed
the  gag, kissing her passionately the moment it was out of the way. Next he
untied her ankles  and wrists from the bed, allowing her complete freedom. As
soon as her hands were free  she reached up and pulled him on top of her, her
hands roaming over his back and sides  as they kissed. David carefully slid
inside her and she arched her back in pleasure as the  warm flesh entered her
most intimate space. After all those months of having to be satis- fied by a
thin, silent dildo his penis felt as large as a baseball bat. She couldn't
believe  how full she felt, how his member pushed tightly against her walls,
filling her completely.  Her body, still tired from the previous orgasms,
started to slowly rock in unison with his.

They both came quickly and violently, their bodies jerking and quivering as the
passion  overtook them. When it was done David slumped down on top of her, his
breathing ragged  and tired. Slowly he rolled over to her side and lay staring
at the bed's canopy. Sharon  watched him intently as he lay there, recovering
from the experience. He's breathing was  rapidly returning to normal and she
couldn't help but admire the way his muscular chest  rose and fell as he quickly
recovered. David turned his head towards her and for a while  their eyes were
locked onto each other. His gaze was steady and almost invasive in its 
intensity. After a couple of seconds she blushed and looked away, she just
couldn't hold  his gaze for so long. David rolled on his side and drew her body
into his. He snuggled up  to her back, his hot breath blowing in her neck while
his arm circled her waist protectively.  Thus they lay for a long while, their
bodies keeping each other warm.

Sharon and David sat quietly on the house's balcony, watching the moon and the
stars. It  was a glorious sight to behold as the sky glittered and shimmered
with light. Soft music  floated out from the living room and a lasagna was
browning in the kitchen's oven. She  was seated beside David, his left arm
holding her tightly in a loving embrace while she  snuggled up to his side. Her
body was once again wrapped into the harness but the suit's  fitting's had been
left off. David had provided her with a tracksuit to wear and although  she'd
accepted gratefully at the time she was now starting to regret it. The rough
fabric  seemed to be scratching at her sensitive flesh like sandpaper. Her
nipples would rub  against the fabric with every breath she took and it was
driving her nuts. The harness's  three straps were squeezed hard against her
sex, the sensitive flesh not used to the con- stant friction. David had gently
but firmly told her not to touch herself and like an itch she  was unable to
scratch the command was becoming more and more difficult to obey.

"Does the rest of the suit also come off or am I destined to spend the rest of
my life in it?"  she asked, hoping conversation would distract her. David just
nodded yes. Now what did  that mean? Yes she would spend the rest of her days in
the suit or yes it could be re- moved? "Uhmmm.." she said.

"It does come off." he replied and she realized he'd been teasing her.

"So why didn't..." she asked but was interrupted as he turned to her.

"Because it would hurt like hell. You have been wearing a corset for the last
year, it's sides  re-shaping your ribs and it's tension keeping your back
straight. It can't just be removed in  one go, you will have to be weaned off
it."

She hadn't though of that.

"Besides, I like the way you look in it. It's sexy." he continued.

She nodded in agreement, it was definitely a sexy garment. She'd known that from
the  first time she'd seen it in her mirror at home. For a while she sat in
silence but her nipples  were furious at being ignored. "Why me?" she said
suddenly, deciding this was as good a  time as any to breach the issue. David
sighed and she realized he'd been expecting the  question.

"I suppose you could call it fate. Or destiny. Or maybe just chance." he
replied.

"So you just plucked the first stranger off the street and put her in a suit?"

His eyebrows raised and he looked hard into her eyes. "Of course not..." Clearly
he was a  little insulted that she would think him so careless.

"So how then? We have never met before, how did you decide it would be me? How
did  you know I would be suited to this? Or is it just dumb luck that I turned
out to be uhm ...  kinky?"

"Nothing about you had anything to do with luck. I searched long and hard for
you,  spending months to make sure you were the one."

"There is no way you could have known, hell I haven't even told my best friend."

"Just because you haven't told Anette doesn't mean you'd hidden it completely."
He said  with a wry smile. "You left clues everywhere, it was just up to someone
to find it. I have  been watching you on the net for months. You weren't a
complete sex slave like a lot of  the women out there, and that's what I was
looking for. I deliberately set out to find some- one that didn't quite know
herself. You were still struggling with your own identity, fasci- nated by the
'scene' but too proud to admit that it turned you on. That's what I wanted. I 
needed a possession that didn't want to be possessed. At least not on the
surface."

She balked at his insinuation. "How dare you! How could you know what I liked or
dis- liked? How can you claim to know me better than I do myself!" The mere
suggestion that  her life was such an open book made her scared and angry.

He smiled a wry, cynical smile. "You thought you were safe. The net is big and
anony- mous and nobody knows what you're doing. The first time I came across
your tracks I  knew you were exactly what I was looking for. Remember those
'toys' you bought over the  net? I bet they were your first ever purchase in
that medium."

"How? How did you? They swore..." she stammered.

"They told you it'd be anonymous didn't they?" he chuckled softly to himself.
"If hackers  can break into the Pentagon, how difficult do you think it is to
break into some dinky little  server in Maine? It took me all of forty minutes
to break through to the heart of their ma- chines. That's where I first came
across you. Two little eggs and a set of handcuffs. Small,  shy purchases made
by somebody that was still not convinced she was on the right track.  When you
typed in your credit card number, did your nipples swell? When you gave them 
the delivery address, did you play with yourself?"

She blushed and refused to look at him. He wasn't quite right but it was close
enough to  make no difference.

"At that stage you were still just a name amongst thousands, all anonymous
little numbers  and letters that I had stolen from hundreds of databases. At
first I cut everybody that lived  more than a hundred miles away. That took away
a lot of names, but I was still left with  thousands. Then I cut all the names
that I suspected could be married or males them- selves. All the people that
ordered men's garments or equipment that a male would use.  That cut away
another enormous chunk. It seems single people don't play as much as  married
couples do.

I also cut out everybody that went in for the heavy stuff. I wasn't interested
in somebody  that knew how to use a whip or posture collar. My interests lay
strictly with the 'virgins'.  Despite my best efforts that still left me with a
list of eight hundred names. Quite a few  names to go through don't you think?

My next step was to put real names to the addresses. Most people think that
nicknames  make them safe but that's not true. Any piece of real information,
and your cover's blown. I  could probably have used the credit card numbers but
that would have been a hassle. In- stead I used the telephone directory. Did you
know you could actually trace somebody's  telephone number based on his or her
address? Even if you didn't know their names? Of  course when you request the
telephone number, they supply you with the name as well.  How convenient.

Then I hit a lucky break. I had an address, I had a credit card number and I had
a name.  All I now needed was a face. Very few people ever post photos of
themselves but I'd hope  to put a few faces to the names by scanning homepages.
People always seem to stick a  photo of themselves on their homepage. It worked
of course and I was close, but I still  hadn't found exactly what I was looking
for. Then I suddenly came across you."

"But, but.. "she started saying.

"Yes I know" he interrupted. "You don't have a homepage. But there is still a
photo of you  out there." He smiled at her for a moment, keeping her in
suspense. "The people you have  to thank for your predicament is at your office.
They were kind enough to post a delightful,  high res. full color photo of you
on their corporate page."

Sharon ground her teeth in anger and frustration. She hadn't even known her
office had a  web page.

David stood up and started towards the kitchen. Sharon ignored the soft groaning
of the  guider as she followed.

"I now had a candidate." he continued as he took the Lasagna out of the oven.
"All it took  was a few months patient observation and I was finally convinced
that you'd be the one.  Once I knew who you were I checked you out carefully. I
followed you as you entered the  chat rooms. I browsed with you as you looked at
the porn. I read the newsgroups right  over your shoulder and you never knew I
was there. It all sounds unlikely but it's easy, I  just had to make sure I got
your address when you logged on. If you hadn't used the proxy  server I might
never have been able to pull it off, but since you did it was quite easy."

Sharon's mind reeled with the implications. Everything she'd thought she knew
about the  Internet had been blown out of the water. And what the hell was a
proxy server? Slowly  she sat down at the table, too shocked to register what
she was doing. "That still didn't  give you the right..." she started but he was
already waiting for her. "No it didn't. First I had  to test the waters. So I
designed the suit and I put it on you. It sounds so simple but be- lieve me, it
was a big step for me. I hadn't set out to do it this way but what started out
as  a curiosity quickly grew into an obsession. By the time I discovered your
photo I knew that  just knowing about you wouldn't be enough. The suit evolved
as a plan, an answer to a  problem I had. How could I make you mine while still
keeping my anonymity in case it  didn't work out? What if I met you and you
weren't submissive at all? So I made the suit  and put you in it. From the
moment your lovely body was enclosed in its smooth surface  your every movement,
your every reaction was observed." He dished up and handed her  a plate. "You
were right in thinking your flat has cameras, in fact it's riddled with them. I 
must admit I became quite nervous that one time you tried to find them. But
that's not all."  he said around taking bites out of the lasagna. "The suit
itself told me everything I needed  to know. I knew exactly how fast your heart
was beating, how warm your skin was. I could  tell how aroused your nipples
were, how swollen your sex. Even when I couldn't see you I  knew if you were
standing or sitting. Whether you were nervous, relaxed, tense or horny,  your
body told me everything. And do you know what I found? I found that you were al-
most always horny. Remember that first morning when you stood in front of the
mirror?  Despite your crying and screaming your body was on fire. You were
extremely aroused,  even if you didn't know it yourself. And the irony is it
hardly got better. Even months later  your nipples would still spontaneously
rise every time you walked past your mirror."

Sharon covered her eyes with her hands and sighed in frustration. Her whole
life, her most  intimate secrets, and he knew it all. He knew more about her
than she did herself.

"But there was one final test." he said. "I knew you found the suit arousing. I
knew from  your expeditions onto the net that you were kinky and submissive. I
also knew that you  responded well to orders and instructions. Hell every time I
sent you a package the sen- sors almost jumped off the scales. What I didn't
know was if you were a dyke."

Her mouth fell open as she stared at him. How the hell could he think that!

"Almost all the pictures you fancied was of women. Almost all the people you
chatted to on  the net were also women. Heck, whenever Annette came to within
ten yard of you your  nipples would rise. I couldn't decide if you fancied her
or if it was the prospect of discovery  that got you so worked up. That's why I
took so long to make contact. For months I strug- gled with the problem of your
sexual orientation. It was a problem I just couldn't seem to  crack. It was then
that I decided to send you to the Mardi Gras. I deliberately didn't instruct 
you to dance with anybody the way I had for the club. The idea was to watch you
and to  note who you were drawn to. The Mardi Gras was meant to make up my
mind."

"But then Joe stepped in the way." she said, a cold shudder going down her back
as she  re-lived the past.

"Yeah." he said, shaking his head in bemusement. "Women! Turn your back for a
split  second and they vanish without a trace."

"But that still doesn't give you the right." she said, bringing the conversation
back on track.  "Just because I'm kinky doesn't mean you can make me your slave.
My body isn't the  whole of me, I have a mind too."

"I agree completely." he said, crossing his arms. "But your actions speak louder
than your  words. For almost a year you walked free, you could have gone to the
police at any time  you wanted to. You made one feeble attempt to free yourself
and thereafter you resigned  yourself to your fate. Had you truly wanted to be
free you would have found a way."

"But I was scared shitless!" she complained. "I even went so far as to go down
to the po- lice station once but I couldn't take the risk. You would have killed
me!"

"Oh I know you were afraid but you weren't scared shitless. That night you stood
outside  the precinct you didn't go in because deep down you didn't want to. You
might be able to  lie to yourself but your body can't lie to me."

"So you're making me a sex slave whether I want it or not." She retorted.

"I don't want a sex slave." he replied to her utter consternation. "Sex slaves
are boring.  Either they have no spirit or it's soon broken. If that's what I
wanted I would have gotten  me a whore. They're less hassles and usually more
fun. I'm not interested in a woman that  would want to obey my every command.
There's just so many times you can tell her to  scrub the floor before it
becomes boring."

"But I thought you said I was your possession?" she said, completely lost.

"Yes." he said. "And I meant it. But there's a difference between a slave and a
possession.  A sex slave implies obedience, loyalty, a desire to please. I'm not
looking for that. If I want  you to do something I'll make you do it, whether
you want to or not."

"You're making this too complicated." she said. "I don't understand the
difference."

He sighed a impatient sigh. "Do you remember what I told you about the
stallion?" She  nodded. "It's a lot like that. I want you to be rebellious. I
want you to try and escape. You  could almost say I relish the battle of wills.
I want you to be you, proud, rebellious Sharon.  I want you to go to bed with me
when you feel like it, fight me when you don't. It's as if I'm  breaking you in,
but I never want you to be broken. This way I can let you go, let you re- turn
to your normal life, and I'll know that the next time I bring you here you'll
still be your  own person."

She nodded, that made a weird kind of sense. "But that sounds like a normal
relationship  between consenting adults. Why all the rigmarole with the suit?"
she asked.

"Because I have this need to own you. And, as I explained, I also needed to know
if you're  the one. At the end, no matter how angry you get, no matter how
afraid I make you, I still  need to know that a deep, dark part of you are
enjoying it. Now, after all this time of  watching and waiting, I am finally
certain of that."




Chapter XXVIII

With difficulty Sharon rolled onto her other side and sighed into the gag. She
was so horny  she could burst and there was nothing she could do about it. Her
body was wrapped in a  strange rope harness, the strands and knots crisscrossing
her torso like a spider's web.  Last night, after another bout of raunchy
lovemaking, David had proceeded to tie her up  like this, explaining that it was
a Japanese Karada, an ancient form of rope bondage. Her  wrists were bound
tightly behind her back, drawn up as far as her straining ligaments  would
allow. Her ankles were bound to her upper thighs and pulled so tight she could
feel  the heels of her feet against her butt. But by far the worst was the
knotted rope running  through her crotch. Every movement, every little struggle
made the knots shift against her  clit and she'd not slept a wink the whole
night. Despite the constant friction on her clit she  just couldn't get enough
movement to orgasm. For the whole night she'd been held in a  constant and
frustrating state of arousal. At first she'd struggled and twisted admirably, 
trying her best to either expel the rope or to make it move. After a while her
body had be- come so exhausted she could do nothing but lay still, her crotch on
fire. It was so infuriat- ing to finally have access to her own body and then
not be allowed to do anything about it.  The injustice of it rankled and she
wanted to murder David.

The cause of her discomfort came waltzing into her room with a broad smile on
his face.  "Hi sexy - have a good night?" he said cheerfully. She could scratch
his eyes out. He  rolled her onto her back and slowly rubbed the palm of his
hand over her crotch.

"Hmmmm." he said appreciatively, referring to the slick, wet surface of the
rope. "I see you  have been enjoying the effects of the Karada."

Sharon growled loudly and her stomach muscles twitched. His other hand slowly
slid over  her body and onto her right breast, his fingers twisting and teasing
her nipple. Sharon was  both in heaven and in hell at the same time. Her muscles
were aching, her ligaments  straining from the night's abuse. Her body wanted to
participate in the delicious torment,  her hands trying in vain to snake their
way to the front. Her breathing was hard and la- bored as the sensation flooded
through her system. She arched her back, trying to  squeeze every ounce of
possible friction out of his hand. She desperately wanted him in- side her, to
feel her clit rubbed and her passage forced open. But her mind was reeling  with
anger and disgust. How could she allow herself to be so easily manipulated? How 
could she surrender herself so quickly to his manipulation? Where was her pride?
What  had become of her dignity? His finger found a way into her sex and all
these questions  were washed away as wave after wave of pleasure flowed though
her. David stroked and  tickled her clit, sending her mind into space. She
moaned loudly in desperation as he  withdrew his hand but he was just undoing
some of the ropes. As soon as he'd cleared a  passage for himself he was on top
of her, his hard member penetrating her. It was a mat- ted of seconds before she
screamed into the gag in passion, his throbbing member driving  her insane.
Together they climaxed in a fury of sounds and movement and they both went 
limp, exhausted by the brief but intense activity.

Sharon closed her eyes and let the warm water flow over her body. David followed
her  into the shower and they stood side by side, the hot steam engulfing their
bodies. Al- though her legs had been released her body and arms were still
firmly bound by the  Karada. David had re-fastened the knotted rope through her
crotch and she tried desper- ately to ignore its continual stimulation. With his
naked body moving so close next to hers  it was an impossible task and her whole
being longed for some attention. She ground her  teeth against the rubber gag in
frustration, she couldn't even complain about the treat- ment. Not that she
thought it would make any difference, David knew exactly what the  knots were
doing to her. Guiding her by the shoulders David turned her around and  started
washing her hair. His strong but gentle hands massaged her scalp and soon she 
was going limp and relaxed as the enjoyed the treatment. David rinsed her hair
and  started washing her body. It felts so strange, the slick soap gliding over
the coarse hemp  rope and the slick surface of the suit. His hands invaded every
part of her body as he  washed and scrubbed her from head to toe, playing behind
her ears, tickling her under her  arms, rubbing firmly over her nipples. His
hands glided over her crotch, rubbed her thighs,  invaded her butt-crack. By the
time he'd finished with the backs of her legs and was  washing her feet her body
was back up to it's former state of arousal.

David led her from the shower and wrapped her body in a large fluffy towel. He
quickly  toweled the worst of the moisture from her hair and body and then he
removed the gag.  She was still flexing her jaws in relief when he stepped
closer, circled her body in his arms  and gave her a hard, long kiss. He drew
back and as she stood waiting in the middle of  the bathroom he quickly toweled
himself dry and put his clothes back on. Despite regain- ing the power of speech
she couldn't think of anything to say and she remained quiet.  With the towel
still hanging over her shoulders he took hold of the ropes between her  shoulder
blades and guided her to the hand basin. He carefully brushed her teeth before 
helping her to rinse. Their tasks in the bathroom done he guided her back into
the bed- room. David made her sit down at the dressing table and she pulled a
blow dryer from one  of the drawers. Before turning his attention to her hair he
quickly used the blow dryer to  dry the small patches of skin that was still
covered by the suit. He retrieved a soft hair- brush from the drawer and started
drying her hair, the towel lying around her feet. Once  again she closed her
eyes and as the hypnotic brush flowed over her scalp she traveled  back to her
youth when her mother would do the same, her voice singing softly as she  took
care of her little girl.

By the time he'd done with the brush she was in a sleepy, almost hypnotic state
of relaxa- tion. With a soft sigh of regret her eyes fluttered open and she
returned to the present.  David turned her around and to her surprise started
applying a light layer of makeup.  She'd never met a man that knew how to apply
makeup and as he gave her a light lip  gloss she couldn't help but wonder where
he'd learned to do it. Finally he drew back and  inspected her face with a
critical eye. She turned towards the mirror and looked at his  handiwork. He'd
applied a very light layer of makeup, a little eye-shadow here, a light  blush
there. It looked very professional.

"Where did you learn to do that?" she asked.

"Practice." he answered in his usual enigmatic way.

David helped her up and guided her to the center of the room. Telling her to
stay in place  he turned away and retrieved some clothes from the cupboards.
Sharon had no idea how  the clothes had so mysteriously appeared in the
cupboards, the last time she'd looked  they had all been empty. David returned
with a few garments and dropped them on the  bed.

"Can you please untie my hands," she said, fidgeting to make her point "My arms
are get- ting sore."

"Not yet." he said after a brief inspection.

"When then?" she pleaded. "I've spent the whole night like this."

"Don't nag." he replied, "It'll only make me postpone your release."

He was tying a very stringy black bikini top onto her chest. The two small
patches of fabric  hardly covered half of her breasts.

"I don't understand why you need to keep me tied up like this? You know I can't
leave the  room without you." she retorted, her voice sounding sulky.

The sharp slap to her rump was completely unexpected and she shrieked in shock.
Her  mouth hung open in surprise and her blood rose to her face as the anger
built up inside  her. Rather than wither in her ferocious gaze David acted as if
nothing had happened and  he turned to the bed to retrieve the bikini bottom.
Sharon almost threw a tantrum there and  then but luckily she managed to keep
herself under control. In a complete and rather chilly  silence she stood
patiently and waited as David fastened the g-string bikini bottom onto  her
hips. Using her shoulders as leverage he turned her around a few times as he in-
spected her ensemble. He seemed to be totally impervious to her icy cold anger
and that  infuriated her even more. Finally he tied a long piece of rope to the
karada where it  crossed over her belly button. He tied the other end of the
rope around his waist and de- spite her anger Sharon couldn't help but notice
the symbolism as their bodies were linked  by a length of rope. David led the
way to the door, and exited the door. A few moments  later a very hard pull on
the rope told her that her act of defiance wasn't appreciated and  she had
little choice but to follow.

Sharon sat next to the pool and sighed. She was bored and horny at the same
time, a  rather confusing state to be in. David had first fed her a nice fruity
breakfast before he fi- nally relented and untied her arms. However, he still
had her bound in the karada and he'd  used the leash to guide her down to the
pool. They have been spending the greater part of  the morning there while he
sat on a deck chair with a book and she amused herself in the  pool. She
probably could have untied herself and made a break for it, after all, the only 
thing keeping her there was a couple of knotted ropes. However, even if she
could rid her- self of the karada without him noticing she doubted she could
out-run David and besides,  he'd just force her to come back by using the
remnants of the suit to control her. Instead  she spent the morning floating
around in the water, using every opportunity to play with  herself. Once she'd
come very close to an orgasm but David had given her a look that  immediately
made her stop and reconsider. His eyes had been hard as nails and she had  no
doubt that a line had been drawn in the sand. Despite her efforts to be
secretive about  what she was doing David had known exactly what was going on.
She'd known that he  didn't approve but he had made no effort to stop her. Only
when she approached orgasm  did he make a move and she had instantly realized
that she was approaching the bounda- ries of what he would allow. After that
incident she'd spent the rest of the morning in frus- tration as she hovered
between the arousal caused by the rope and her almost over- whelming desire to
climax.

Sharon felt a firm tug on her leash and she woke from her dreamy gaze out over
the val- ley. David was still seated in his deck chair but he'd put the book
down and was devoting  his attention to her. Again he pulled on the leash and
she slowly got up, wondering what it  was he wanted. As she allowed herself to
be reeled in he rose from his lying position until  he was seated upright in the
chair. As she reached his side he pulled her down onto his  lap and gave her a
hard, long kiss. A part of her wanted to rebel, to ignore his advances  and make
him understand how insulted she'd been at the slap, but as soon as their lips 
met she caved in. Her resolve was blown away by the morning's long frustration
and the  sensation of his arms circling around her body. Instead she melted into
him, moaning  softly as his warm lips and probing tongue drove her to new
heights. She could feel his  hands untying the bikini bottom and the ropes
running through her crotch. She returned  the favor by untying the knot in the
front of his swimming trunks. They rolled over onto the  deck chair and still
kissing, started probing each other's bodies. Sharon growled loudly as  his
hands slipped in under her bikini top, cupping her breasts and squeezing her
nipples.  They removed the last of the clothes in their way and she helped him
guide his member  inside her. As they slowly rocked in unison she felt a
momentary thrill at making love out in  the open but shortly afterwards her mind
left her.

Sharon took the boiling noodles off the stove and drained the water into the
sink. David  was seated at the dining room table pretending to read his book but
she could feel his  eyes on the back of her neck. Evidently he didn't trust her
with so many knives within her  grasp and he was keeping a close watch on her
activities. She had actually considered  using them but somehow she got the
feeling that she was being tested. She was in no  mood to make a rash move only
to be thwarted and then punished for her actions. Be- sides, she still had the
afterglow of their lovemaking by the pool and she was in a con- tented, relaxed
mood. Being assigned the task of making lunch was keeping her hands  occupied
and it helped to shift her attention from the karada's knotted ropes that he'd
re- fastened into her crotch. Shortly after withdrawing from her he'd
re-fastened the karada  and told her to put on her bikini. The rope keeping them
attached to each other had not  been removed and as she worked in the kitchen
she would occasionally find herself  snared by it's strands twisting around her
ankles. She added some sliced salami and  diced sausages to the pasta and added
a rich creamy sauce over the top. While she  waited for the pasta to cool a bit
she set the table for lunch.

"Tell me how you managed to take me out of the house." she said as she placed
the pasta  on the table. "I can't remember a thing of what happened that day."

David smiled to himself as she handed him a plate. "What was the last thing you
remem- ber?" he said cryptically and started digging in.

"Well, it's so long ago, but I do remember coming home, switching on the TV, and
starting  with dinner. After dinner I undressed and took a long bath. The next
thing I remember is  waking up and feeling as sick as a dog while wearing my new
metal companion."

He nodded, obviously this wasn't news to him. "What you don't know was that I'd
been at  your house several times before that. I had to install the cameras so
that I could keep an  eye on you. I did that long before I even thought of the
suit, at that stage I just wanted to  know more about you."

She couldn't say that she was happy about the invasion but after all that had
happened it  was just another fact that was beyond her control.

"Then, when I had finally perfected the suit and made my plans I had to find a
way of  keeping you under. I had no intention of assaulting or confronting you
in the flat, that  would have been messy and potentially dangerous for both of
us. Instead I studied your  routine, watching and waiting for a clue as to how I
could get hold of you. I couldn't give  you drugs because it is both dangerous,
and contrary to popular belief, very difficult to  hide. In the real world of
espionage and criminals such drugs are usually given with liquor  since that's
the only way to hide the taste. I had to find a safe, easy way of getting you 
asleep without you knowing what was happening." His face beamed with a
self-satisfied  smile. "When I eventually found the method it was so simple I
burst out laughing. You see,  I soon discovered that you liked to take long,
luxurious baths as you returned from the of- fice. I suppose you found it
relaxing. All I did was add a little 'spice' to your bubble bath  liquid. The
drug is a complicated concoction of chemicals that slowly turns to vapor when 
it is released into water. There is a smell but with the strong scent of pine
needles coming  off your bubble bath you never even noticed. You were asleep in
a matter of minutes after  getting into the bath."

Sharon sighed deeply and with resignation. It seemed that her fate had been
sealed from  the moment he'd discovered her photo and nothing she could or would
have done would  have made the slightest bit of difference. "And after that?
What did you do that stole more  than two days out of my life?"

"Well," he said as he finished the last of the food. "For one I had to remove
every hair from  your body. That was quite a task in itself and I'm quite proud
of the job I did."

She nodded confirmation, after all this time her armpits, legs and sex were
still as bare as  a newborn baby's bottom.

"Then there was the whole issue of building and refining the suit around your
body. I could  do some things beforehand but for most of it I needed your body
and that meant doing  everything in one hard push. I have to tell you I didn't
get a wink's sleep that whole week- end."

"And the large breasts?" she asked as she removed the cutlery from the table.
She'd tried  to sound casual about the question but for her it was a painful and
sensitive issue. Rather  than wait for his answer she turned around and busied
herself with the dishes. After sev- eral minutes of silence she finally couldn't
stand it any more and she turned around to face  him.

His chin was resting in his hands and he was staring her directly in the face.
He waited  patiently until she plucked up the courage to look him in they eye.
Only when he had her  gaze locked into his did he finally answer. "I know you
are ashamed of your breasts. I  know you think them small. But I'm telling you,
and I'm completely honest, that they are  perfect."

She blushed and looked down at her feet. It was the first time she'd spoken to
anyone  about her insecurity and his answer made her heart sing. She couldn't
help but smile as  the tears formed in the corners of her eyes.

"They are the perfect size and are have the ideal shape. You should be proud of
them, not  ashamed and insecure."

The compliment made her light headed and she felt the relief flood through her
body.

"I have never, in all my life, seen a more shapely set of hooters." he said with
a broad, in- fectious smile.

She giggled and turned back to the dishes, her body trembling as the relief
flushed over  her. Instead she was pulled around as he reeled her in with the
leash. He had also risen  and as she reached him he cupped her face in his
hands.

"Do you believe me?" he asked and when she nodded yes he tenderly kissed her
fore- head and her eyes. With a ferocious passion she grabbed onto his body and
kissed him  hard on the mouth. After several minutes of hard kissing he bent
down and lifted her body  into his arms. She clung to his neck as he carried her
to the bedroom, her heart pounding  away in her chest. Something was still
bothering her but it was only when he lay her down  on the bed that she could
finally manage to ask the question.

"I believe you, honestly I do," she said breathlessly as his hands roamed over
her burning  flesh. "But I still don't understand. Why the large breasts on the
suit?"

By the time he answered her she could almost not hear his voice, her heart's
pounding  was almost drowning out everything. Yet she managed to make out the
words and as he  entered her she had to admit it made sense. After all, where
else could he have put the  suit's batteries?




Chapter XXIX

Sharon slowly came to life and she stretched out with a happy, satisfied yawn.
For the first  time since she'd discovered the suit she had a good night's rest
without any appliances  invading her body, no cuffs binding her limbs, no little
cables plugged into the wall, noth- ing. Yes - she was still wearing the
skeleton suit but without the strategic domes in the  way that hardly counted.
With a happy sigh she cupped her breasts and teased them until  they were rock
hard and aching. They were still tender from the previous night's mastur- bation
but she didn't care, this was too good an opportunity to pass up. Her pussy
quiv- ered invitingly and she allowed herself the unbelievable luxury of playing
with her clit. She  took it slow and steady, for once dictating her own pace
rather then being dictated to.

Sharon giggled to herself, how many times had she masturbated in the last twelve
hours?  She had no idea, she'd lost count some time during the night. Her
appetite had been insa- tiable and she'd finally slipped off to dreamland with
her palms lying on top of her breasts,  exhaustion demanding that she give her
body a chance to recover.

Slowly her hands roamed her flesh, tickling here, pulling and pinching there.
Her torso  slowly started squirming on the bed as she twisted and turned in the
throes of her passion.  She slowly started to climb the hill, her body and
instinct taking over from her conscious  mind.

Just as she was about to reach orgasm the door opened and David came walking
into the  room. Too far gone to stop herself she rolled away but continued with
her stimulation, her  face blood red from shame.

With a hard shudder she finally came, the electrifying shock waves running up
and down  her spine.

When it was done she lay with her back to him, waiting for some kind of remark.
Her  breath caught in her throat as she felt his hand on her ankle and she
turned around to  watch him sit down. For a while he sat next to her, his hand
resting quietly on her leg. He  was looking down at the floor and seemed to be
in deep thought.

After several minutes of anxiously waiting Sharon finally drew her leg back from
his grasp  and sat upright in the bed. Despite the many times he'd seen her
naked she still felt the  need to draw the covers over her body. David seemed
not to notice, his gaze still firmly  stuck to the floor. It was obvious
something was bothering him and she wasn't sure if it  had anything to do with
him catching her in the act.

After several more minutes during which nothing happened she finally grew bored
and  stood up from the bed. With a final glance she entered the bathroom and
started her daily  cleansing ritual.

Sharon emerged from the bathroom to discover that David had left the room. She
couldn't  understand what was up with him, it seemed as if he had something on
his mind but he  couldn't bring himself to say it.

Whatever it was she wasn't going to push the issue, thus far he'd done whatever
he felt  like doing anyway.

Her bed had been made and several articles of clothing had been laid out upon
it. While  still toweling her hair she walked to the bed and quickly looked each
item over. There was  a strange leather garment that looked like a combination
body suit and corset. It was  made entirely from dark brown leather that looked
heavy and hard. The garment was  sleeveless but had a high, narrow neckline that
could be closed with a buckle at the front.  From her neck down it would cover
her entire torso and it seemed to be cut along the  same lines as the metal
suit. Besides the buckle around the collar there were another  twelve horizontal
leather straps that each had to be closed with a big brass buckle. The  straps
ran down the front of the garment and became progressively narrower so that it 
created a V effect down the front of her body. The V reached all the way from
her shoul- ders down to her belly button. The sides of the garment was layered
and seemed to be  ribbed in the same manner a corset would be.

There was also a long, flowing leather skirt, tanned the same dark brown as the
top. It  would fasten around her waist with a big brass buckle at the front.
From the cut she could  see that the skirt would be very tight around her waist
and buttocks but would flare out  once it reached her thighs. From the length
she guessed it would hang down all the way to  the floor.

There was also a set of matching leather boots, so long that she immediately
knew they  would cum up all the way to her thighs. The heels were extremely long
and the toes  pointed. The boots looked like they would be torture to wear and
she didn't relish the  thought of putting them on. A set of black stockings
accompanied the boots.

Also on the bed was a strange white bodysuit. Its torso was sheer and looked
like expen- sive lingerie but its full-length sleeves were made from puffy
linen. The garment was ac- cessed from the bottom and closed with small metal
hooks between her legs. Finally there  was a simple cotton g-string and some
golden ear rings.

Sharon finished with her hair and returned to the bed. Starting with the
g-string she slowly  got dressed, thorough inspecting each garment before she
put it on. The panty was quite  ordinary and because she was used to the wire
through her crack she was used to it.

After the panty she put on the bodysuit. There was nothing sinister about the
garment but  as she adjusted and smoothed it down she wondered why the sleeves
were so much at  odds with the rest of the suit. They weren't sheer at all and
looked more like the normal  puffy sleeves of a linen shirt.

Following the suit she put on the two stockings. They were the silicone kind
that stuck to  her upper thighs and didn't need a garter belt. She loved the
feel and the look of a nice  pair of stockings.

Sliding her hands up and down her legs she smoothed them out until they were
perfectly  even and smooth. They made her legs look gorgeous and she felt like a
million bucks.  She got off from the bed and made a few turns in front of the
mirror. The white suit and  black stockings made a startling contrast as she
posed for herself in the mirror.

Ignoring the aching in her breasts she returned to the bed and inspected the
leather suit.  As she'd suspected it was stiff and heavy, its polished leather
sides hard with the ribbing  inside. Although the garment looked new she could
well imagine it being worn by some- body deep in the Middle Ages.

She loosened all the buckles and shoved her hands inside. David's garments
always held  some little unexpected surprise and she was pleased but puzzled to
discover that this out- fit was the exception to the rule. There were no dildos,
no ribbing, nothing that could drive  her crazy with desire while she wore the
garment. With a resigned sigh she climbed into  the garment and pulled it up. It
was a bit of a struggle to pull the narrow waist over her  hips but once she was
past that point it went easy. The garment was snug and obviously  custom made,
but with her already clinched waist she hardly noticed the snug fit.

She started fastening the buckles and wasn't in the least bit surprised to
notice that each  strap had only one hole in it, dictating how tight it had to
be pulled. It was a bit of a strug- gle pulling against the straps but she
managed without too much swearing and cursing.  The garment was particularly
tight over her naked breasts and she twisted and turned her  body to get
everything settled in place.

Unlike the domes she'd been wearing the pressure was directly onto her nipples
and she  was acutely aware of how tight her breasts were being held. She
finished by closing the  collar around her neck and walking back to the mirror.

The sight in the mirror reminded her of those red breasted toy soldiers you see
in the  shops and on the movies. A thick and stiff layer of leather straps
crossed her chest from  her throat down to her stomach. The body suit's puffy
sleeves made it look as if she was  wearing a shirt underneath, the dazzling
white fabric in stark contrast with the dark leather  of the corset. The tight
straps over her chest and the shine from the polished brass soon  had her going.

The faint smell of leather reminded her of her own toys and her hands roamed
over her  body as she daydreamt about her previous adventures.

With a deep sigh and a shudder she forced herself back to reality and she
returned to the  bed. The boots took a lot of struggling to put on and when she
was finally able to zip them  up she felt as if she was standing on stilts. If
it weren't for the stiff ankles she would cer- tainly have toppled over, as it
was she moved around slowly and unsteadily. The pointed  shoes were torture on
her toes and the stiff leather resisted her as she tried to bend her  legs.
Everything about the boots was uncomfortable and she seriously considered taking 
them off. The only thing that prevented her was the reflection in the mirror.
She looked  spectacular. The boots formed and held her legs, the high heels
making her look even  taller than what she really was.

She looked like something out of a fashion catalog, the boots and corset
combining to  create a dazzling effect. The lacy band of the stockings stuck out
above the edge of the  boots, giving her image a feminine touch.

After another long session of admiring herself she finally returned to the bed
and retrieved  the skirt. It was much lighter and supple than it looked and she
loved the cool feeling as  she stroked her hand over the surface. Stepping into
the skirt was a problem because she  couldn't bend her legs enough to bend down.
In the end she settled for sitting on the bed  and laboriously pulling the skirt
up her stiff legs. Holding on to the skirt she stood up and  pulled it up to her
hips. The skirt was much tighter over her hips and buns than she'd an- ticipated
and she couldn't get used to the strange sensation as the it held her in its
firm  embrace. It wasn't unpleasant, just weird. It was much tighter than any
other garment  she'd ever worn and she decided she liked the feeling.
Surprisingly walking wasn't made  any harder by the skirt and after walking
around the room a bit she began feeling confi- dent that she could stay upright
in her new boots.

Sharon did her hair up, applied a light layer of makeup and put the jewelry on.
It was a  simple but elegant set of earrings and three thin bracelets, all made
from gold. Finally  ready she walked up to the mirror and looked herself over
one last time. She actually  looked pretty 'normal'. With the leather skirt and
corset on she looked like some english  duke's daughter on her way to the
stables for an afternoon of fox hunting. Smiling to her- self she gave a final
turn and headed for the door.

Sharon slowly walked into the main living room of the house. The guider was once
more  following her like an obedient lap dog, it's oiled gears wooshing softly
behind her. She'd  only remembered the guider when she'd tried to open the door
and it had refused. It had  been fitted with a simple waist belt that locked
automatically as soon as she'd put it on.  Once the belt had been put on the
door had unlocked and she'd been free to leave the  room.

David was standing in the kitchen frying some eggs and bacon. The table had
already  been set and her mouth watered as she spotted the fruit and cereal laid
out on it. David  glanced around for a moment and then did a double take. She
couldn't help but smile as  he turned around completely and gave her outfit a
good hard examination.

"Morning." She said, blushing deeply as she remembered their meeting that
morning.

"You look spectacular" he said as he walked up to her. He held her in a firm
embrace as  he gave her a quick peck on the cheek.

"I'd known that outfit would suit you, just not how well." he continued as he
stepped back.

A little shaken by the warm greeting she just nodded and walked to the table.
David held  the chair for her and she slowly sat down.

"Help yourself to some cereal, the eggs will be done in a moment." he said as he
returned  to the stove.

Sharon was encouraged by the friendly atmosphere and slightly puzzled as to what
had  changed his mood. As she added some milk to her cereal she decided to take
advantage  of the situation.

"We need to talk." She said, carefully watching his reaction.

David was standing with his back turned to her and she could see his shoulders
stiffen.  After several seconds during which he kept his back turned and his
hands busy with the  eggs he nodded.

"Yes, I suppose we do." He replied, turning around with a plate of eggs.

"My leave is almost over. Did you intend letting me go back to work or am I now
a perma- nent fixture in your house?" David carried the food to the table and
seated himself oppo- site her.

"If you had a choice what would you choose?" he asked.

Her mouth opened to answer but then her brain kicked in and she closed it again.
What  did she want? Certainly not to be somebody's sex slave.

But did she want to go back to her old life? Her shitty job and her small
apartment? Her  boring old life where the most exciting prospect was the
choosing of her wedding gown?  She was rapidly growing to old for adventure,
hell she'd already given up on going to  Europe some day. Could she give up the
adrenaline rush she'd been living on the last few  months? Every time she'd
glimpsed the suit in the mirror her heart would jump, her breath  catch in her
throat. Yes it's had been frustrating, and scary, and humiliating. But it had 
also been exciting beyond her wildest dreams. She'd done things she'd never have
imag- ined, let alone consider doing.

She looked up at David as he poured himself some cereal. Would leaving him be
forever?  That she'd never see him again? For some strange reason she would miss
him. He'd  been her constant companion for close on a year, watching over her,
caring for her, pro- tecting her. Could she simply let it all go?

"Are you saying I have a choice?" she asked and her pulse raced as she waited
for the  answer.

"We always have choices." He replied cryptically through a mouth full of cereal.
"Even  when it doesn't seem like we do."

"What does that mean? That you'll let me go completely free? Allow me to go back
to my  old life?"

"Maybe." He said, frustrating her no end.

"And risk me going to the police? Risk everything you have worked for." She said
skepti- cally.

"Would you go to them?" he said, looking her in the eye.

"Maybe." She said, playing his game right back at him. "But what is it that you
want?" she  said, throwing the ball back in his court. He had to think about it
for a while before an- swering.

"I want you to stay." He said. "I have grown... fond of you. I want you to be my
companion  and playmate and lover. But I want you here on your own free will. I
have told you before, I  don't want or need a slave. I don't want to control
your every breath, own your every  thought. I want you to have your own life, to
retain control of your own affairs." He shifted  to his other side and hooked
his arm over the back of the chair.

"But at the same time I want to have the final say. I want to own your chastity,
your  movements, your choice in clothes. I want to keep you on a very long, very
flexible, but  ultimately unbreakable leash. I want to know that even though you
make your own deci- sions that I can always over-ride them."

She nodded and looked down. In many ways he was still an enigma but this she'd
already  figured out for herself.

"David, you are asking me to become a toy." She said earnestly. "You are asking
me to  willingly give my mind and body over to you and I just don't think I can
do that. What kind  of life would I lead if you held all the cards? How could I
live with myself knowing I'm just  another one of your precious pets?"

"I know." He said. "But it won't be like that. For the last year I've been
getting to know you.  I have lived with you, watched you, listened to you. As
I've told you before, I never in- tended to take it this far. Each step just
followed upon the next. But over the months  something happened. I had gone from
mere curiosity to..." He looked down and for the  first time since she'd met him
he looked uncertain. For a while they sat in silence as she  waited for him to
continue. Without any warning he stood up and walked away from her.

"I'll start the process tonight." He said over his shoulder. "By Monday you'll
be rid of the  suit."

-----------

Sharon stood with her back turned to her car, the engine ticking quietly as it
cooled down.  In front of her rose the colossal building where she worked.
People were pouring into the  lobby like ants returning from a foray, each too
concerned with their own little lives to even  give her a second glance. Did
they even know of the other world out there? That world  where money and power
and the struggle to win had absolutely no meaning? What did  these so-called
power brokers know about real power? How would they react to some- body like
David? What would they say if they heard about the life she'd led? She looked 
up to the twenty-third floor. Had she made the right decision? Was she going to
regret it  for the rest of her life? What if it had been the biggest mistake
she'd ever made? She  thought back to the moment she and David had said goodbye.
They had embraced,  kissed, and then so quietly she had almost missed it he'd
whispered in her ear "I love  you." Squaring her shoulders she took hold of her
briefcase and slowly started walking  towards the big revolving doors. The
briefcase was light, after all it contained only one en- velope. In the envelope
was a letter to her boss, her resignation typed in one brief formal  paragraph.
The decision to resign had been easy for her, no matter what had happened  over
the last couple of months she knew things would never have worked out with her 
boss. David and his suit had just proven her point for her that's all. It was
time to make a  change, to grab hold of her destiny with both hands and do what
she wanted to do, rather  than what life expected of her.

As she entered the revolving door she stumbled for a moment and her eyes glazed
over.  The brushes had unexpectedly come to life and it took her a second before
she could re- gain control of herself. She'd begged David not to replace the
domes and other accesso- ries but he'd been unflinching. She'd almost backed out
of her decision but the pact had  been made, all bets were now off. She smiled
quietly to herself in the lift, she had to be  mad! What the hell was she
getting herself into? After their conversation over breakfast  everything had
gone wrong. David had returned to his cool, controlled self. She couldn't  seem
to breach the walls and she'd truly though it was over. She'd return to her old
life  and her adventure would all be a dim memory. It was only that night that
she'd finally been  able to face herself with the truth.

David had led her down to his secret room and had tied her to the bed. She'd not
resisted,  after all he was going to free her, not do her harm. But as he'd
bound the leather cuffs to  her wrists and ankles things had slowly started to
change. A strange nervous pit had  formed in her stomach as he'd led her to the
center of the room. He'd raised her hands  above her head and bound them to a
chain hanging from the ceiling. Tenderly and with  great reverence he'd started
undressing her, his gaze riding over her curves like the ca- ress of the wind.
If David was calm and reserved she was exactly the opposite. The pit in  her
stomach was getting worse and she somehow couldn't stand still, stepping around
as  much as the chain on her wrists allowed. By the time she'd been stripped
she'd developed  a strange shiver as if the room was freezing. She'd tried to
convince herself it was the ex- citement of being set free that had her going
but that excuse just didn't wash. David had  released her hands and had carried
her to the bed. It was only when he'd gurgled some- thing to her that she'd
realized how tight she was holding on to him. He'd tenderly lowered  her onto
the bed and within moments she was bound spread-eagle on the bed.

Lying on the bed with a pillow under her head she'd watched him come and go.
David had  collected all the tools necessary to begin the process and had placed
them on the table  next to her head. As she'd watched him move she'd suddenly
realized how dry her mouth  felt. David had turned his back while he inspected
the tools and she'd stared at him as if  she'd never seen him before. Once more
she'd tried to imagine life without him and for  some reason her reaction had
been even worse than that morning. Had he drugged her or  what? Why was she so
confused? Maybe he'd slipped something into the glass of wine  they'd had that
evening before they came down. She tore her gaze away from his back  and looked
up at her bound wrist. What was going on with her? Here she was bound on a  bed
and it was his doing! For God's sake think of all the things he'd done to her!
Think of  the humiliation and fear she'd had to endure. David turned back to her
and she watched  as he held a strange implement in his hand. It was a weird
contraption made of steel rods  and straps. He lowered the thing to her torso
and she'd squirmed nervously as he'd fas- tened it to her chest. From what she
could gather it's purpose was to stretch the suit open,  the rods using the
leverage of her chest to open it up like a ripe orange.

David picked up the control and sat looking at her for a while. She couldn't
breathe as  their eyes locked onto each other and he stared deep into her soul.
After several seconds  he bowed his head and typed a long sequence of numbers
into the control. His finger  hovered over the last key and he looked back up to
her again. For another eternity they  watched each other and then he set the
control to one side.

Moving around the contraption he came to stand next to her and lowered his mouth
to  hers. Their lips touched and she almost melted as they had the longest,
tenderest kiss  she'd ever experienced in her life.

With a final sigh he withdrew from her and returned to the foot of the bed.
Picking up the  control he paused for a moment and then he pressed the button.

"No wait." She said. "I need to think."

Sharon walked down the passage to her boss's door. The brushes were still doing
their  thing and she cursed David as he sat in his big house, his eyes roaming
over the monitors  that told him everything about her life. He had no intention
of making this easier for her it  seemed. Didn't he realize how difficult this
was for her? Did he think abandoning her old  life was a synch? As she stood
with her hand on the door doubt once more assailed her.  Had she made the right
decision? Was she going to regret it? What did her future hold in  store? David
had not been willing to answer any of her many questions and doubts, re- plying
to all her queries with a "Wait and see." Was she going to move in with him?
Wait  and see. Was she going to keep working? Wait and see? How much longer was
she going  to have to wear the suit? Wait and see. She closed her eyes and tried
to think clearly but  the damn brushes were too distracting. Rather than
fighting it she decided to give in. For  the first time she allowed herself to
enjoy the sensation, to feel it without fear or shame.  She surrendered to the
sensation and ignored the rest of the world. So what if someone  saw her? So
what if she was discovered? She refused to read anything into the stimula- tion,
to try and analyze its meaning. For quite a few minutes she stood there, just
concen- trating on the sensation flowing though her breasts. And as she opened
her eyes she  suddenly realized that the world had changed. In one brief moment
everything had a dif- ferent meaning, a different purpose. She looked down at
her breasts and then out the  window at the end of the passage.

"I love you too." She whispered to the distant hills and pushed the door open.

The End.
----------------

All the previous Articles are now available at my homepage. Check out
http://members.theglobe.com/D_Quixote

Contact me at E-Mail : D_Quixote@Yahoo.Com
Chat : AOL Instant Messenger - D Quix

Don Quixote




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Don Quixote


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





