BDSM Library - The Fall of 19-




The Fall of 19-
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman naively attends an S&M-costume Halloween party with her new, dominating lover.  By the end of the night she comes closer to accepting her dark submissive desires.
This is a chapter from my novel-in-progress, The Fall of 19-.  The novel tells
the story of a couple who both fall under the sexual sway of a handsome, cruel
and masterful man.  Both the husband, Jon, and the wife, Sara, are separately,
and secretly, seduced by this man, Alex.  The book follows the mutual descent of
the couple into the wonderful world of sexual slavery. 

This particular chapter comes from an early part of the novel, when Sara has
only recently become Alex's lover.  Alex tears down Sara's stubborn pride in a
series of erotic encounters.  In this, their fourth meeting, Sara is fully and
completely humiliated and abused in front of some beautiful strangers at an
S&M-themed Halloween party.

Warning: because I am interested in, and aroused by, many aspects of sexuality
and sadomasochism (excepting children and animals and some other things) my
novel contains subject matter that is varied and extreme.  It has a lot of male
homosexuality in it too, but this particular chapter has none.  So if you are a
homophobe, fear not "All Hallowed Eve".

Enjoy,

L.Z.

copyright 1999 by Lindsay Zara.  All rights reserved. Please do not repost nor              
repurpose without permission.  Lindsay Zara can be reached at:
auto209000@hushmail.com




The Fall of 19- by Lindsay Z

Chapter:  All Hallowed Eve

After the degrading night at Alex's house, the night when I acted like such a
slut and he decided to teach me a lesson about proper behaviour- tying me up,
making me beg for him, and cunt-teasing me mercilessly- I swore I wouldn't call
him again.  But, as before, a few days of tears turned into a week of
masturbating furiously over him.  Soon I felt a deep dark desire in my cunt that
simply wouldn't abate until he was inside it. 

Of course I knew he wouldn't call me.  Thus one night I found myself with
trembling hands on the phone's receiver, fighting a losing battle with good
sense, and dialing his number.  This time, thank God, he didn't play coy, merely
cocky, and when I asked to see him again he said yes immediately.

It turned out that the next weekend was Halloween.  Alex said he knew some
friends who were having a costume party and that he thought it would be fun to
have me "come along". He told me that it would be a special party- everyone was
going to go dressed up in S&M costumes. At first I was hesitant, but I had sunk
so low in my lust for this man that I decided I would play along. Besides, the
idea of seeing him in some sort of black leather or rubber S&M master's outfit
was already  turning me on! To assuage my fears, Alex assured me that nothing
wild would go on so I thought sure, what the heck.

Alex, of course, insisted on taking me out shopping for my special outfit, so
off we went down to the city's kinkier clothiers to pick out something naughty
for me to wear.

Alex thought that a hot pink outfit would be just the thing to convey my role of
submissive slut. I thought he was being a little cliched but then I realized
that he was the boss and besides it was just going to be a fun little masquerade
party.  First we found a very tight pink plastic mini-dress. Then it was off to
the lingerie store for a pretty pink garter-belt with silky matching panties,
topped off with the sheerest pink stockings and little lacy ankle-socks. Next
stop was the shoe store where we bought these pretty 4 inch patent leather pink
stilettos. I have to admit I was getting into the spirit of the event as I
slipped into these slutty girlish little things. I couldn't believe this stuff
even existed. Back home, preparing for the night, I felt so wonderfully feminine
as I put on my new clothes.

My husband Jon was fortunately away again for the weekend in one of his solitary
trips to the cabin which were becoming more frequent. I didn't mind. In fact, I
couldn't believe the luck of it. To meet Alex and have Jon start to go away so
often was a stroke of luck.  I was too caught up in my new-found romance to give
any consideration to what was in my husband's mind.  All I could think about was
Alex and his cock -- how long it was going to be before the next time I was
going to see it, and feel it, and have it inside me.

As I dressed for my date that night I grew more aroused with each new item. The
silky panties went on first and soon became moist as I contemplated the sexy
evening ahead. I slid the lacy pink garter belt around my waist and clipped it
on. As I drew the soft stockings up my legs I could feel myself getting wetter
and wetter. I slipped the ankle socks on, laughing a little at the silliness of
it- I used to scoff at these things- and then pulled on the skin-tight shiny
pink dress. I drew one hand up my stockinged thigh as I admired myself in the
mirror. I marveled at my thin firm figure, noticing the outline of the garter
belt visible beneath the tight dress, and I watched as my hand slid higher and
higher and then slipped, seemingly of its own accord, into my panties.  I was
soaked.

I came in an instant. My clit was big and hard, almost vibrating with desire
under my fingers. Then it was off to the bathroom for a quick spot-wash. I
didn't want my man to discover my naughty onanism.  There I finished off my look
for the evening.

My makeup job was going to be a little tricky.  Since I was going dressed in
provocative pink clothes I thought I ought to look like an innocent and a slut
at the same time.  I played around with a few things and surprised myself by
coming up with just the right look. I laughed and thought that perhaps there was
more of me in this girl I was to play that night than I previously realized.
When I finished I downed a quick drink as I studied myself in the mirror, full
of the sins of pride and lust, and waited for my man.

Alex arrived. When he came in we both stood back to admire each other. He was
gorgeous. He wore a black rubber trenchcoat under which he was clad in a black
rubber vest like divers wear and below it were the tightest shiny black leather
pants. He was an S&M god. I started to feel the excitement people feel in such a
striking style. It struck some primeval chord that said "danger" but in a really
sexy way, and on a man like that, tall and strong, it was a vision of desire. He
came over to me and said, "You look good enough to whip, my darling." I laughed
but inside I grew nervous, fearful of what he might do and, moreover, of what I
might want him to do. We necked passionately, right there on the spot.

He felt me up through the pink plastic of my dress, my nipples growing hard
underneath his masterful touch. I reached down for the feel of his huge cock
under the leather as our tongues slid together. With the other hand I reached
around and felt something unusual. I pulled away from our embrace and looked at
what I had just felt. It was a whip. The handle was sunk in to his pocket but
the two-foot long leather strands fell down the side of his pants. "Oh my God!"
I cried out. "I hope you don't plan on using that on me!". "Sara, honey," he
purred, "it's just a costume party. People play at it, that's all. It's for
fun." He pulled away and withdrew from his pocket some pieces of leather and
metal. "I want you to wear these," he said and paused, "just for fun."  I smiled
warily up at him, my acquiescence given hesitantly, as he slid a choke-chain
around my neck. It felt cold and a little frightening, but exciting. Then he
wrapped around my wrists two leather bands, each with a tiny hook attached. "I'm
not sure," I stammered, looking up at him with the fear of disapproval in my
eyes. "Baby, it's okay," he said. His words were so soothing that I instantly
fell into a mood of trusting subservience. "It's just a game," he said,
"everyone's going to be dressed like this."  I gave him a big smile and reached
up to him to give him the biggest, wettest kiss. "Good girl," he smiled and my
heart took wing. We walked out to his car.

All the  way over his hand was on me as he drove, stroking my silky stockings
and playing with my wet pussy through my panties. I was so turned on I asked him
to do me right there on the street where we parked but he just smiled and said,
"Later."

We arrived at the party. I was feeling ebullient. I was high on the two drinks
I'd had at home, the floating serene bliss of arousal I was feeling, and also
the confidence, even  arrogance, of being with such a man. When we entered the
room I could feel all the heads turn our way. In a room full of beautiful
people, Alex stood out like the god that he was.

And God they were beautiful. I swooned from the visual overload as I looked
around, taking in the stares, and noticed the outfits: leather and rubber,
spandex and shimmering satins- it was all there. Many of the attendees were
adorned with instruments of bondage and pain. Whips, spanking paddles,
handcuffs, anklestraps designed, like the cuffs I wore, with hooks for
attachment, were everywhere. They were gorgeous people, both the men and women.
Not for my man a sex circle of the plain and ordinary. I felt full of pride to
be counted as one of them.  I felt like Cinderella- or like everyone who had
ever risen up to be with the beautiful people they previously felt so beneath.

My fairytale bubble was full and ripe for bursting. Perhaps I had, like so many
before me, overestimated my new stature. I was drunk on drink but mostly on the
intoxication of Alex. Little did I realize how he had set me up for this night,
taken a girl he knew had long yearned to break out of her dull life of drab
nobodies and put her on a dizzying new height, where she would be one of those
people the drab ones dreamt of, beautiful people doing wonderful things with
other beautiful people, people with lives of excitement, adventure and pride. 
Little did I know how he would put me in my place that night and on many more
nights to come. But for that moment I was the queen of all I surveyed. I even
had the nerve to fancy myself the equal of my master.

I was introduced to the hostess, Maria, a stunning dark-haired beauty, dressed
in a black plastic catsuit that showed off every inch of her lean body. She
fawned over Alex but all her flirting did was evoke in me more pride for being
with such a man.. She kissed us both on the lips, long wet kisses. It felt
strange at first- It was my first sexual kiss with a woman. Inside though, I
felt a stirring, necking with another woman who was so gorgeous. My cockiness
only grew. I laughed and told her how Alex got lost on the way over. "He thinks
he's so clever," I quipped, "but he can't  make his way across town!". Maria
laughed along with me, though a little hesitantly, but Alex stayed silent,
suddenly glum. Foolishly, I laid it on all the more, wanting to show Maria that
I was his girl, intimate enough to joke about him. "Look at him," I chuckled,
"he can't take the slightest insult!". He glared at me and I decided it was time
to lay off.

Maria invited us upstairs to remove our coats. As we made our way up Alex was
still silent.

Inside the bedroom where everyone had tossed their things he took off his long
rubber coat. I couldn't believe how he looked. I still wasn't used to the sight
of him and he looked more incredible than I had remembered: his hard upper body
encased in kinky black rubber, his long legs and tight ass in tight leather, his
arm muscles taut as they emerged from his rubber top, I could have come just
looking at him.  When I went to him with lust in my eyes, however, he walked
away, out into the hall heading downstairs.

"Alex!", I called out and ran after him, grabbing on to him at the top of the
stairs. He swung back on me quickly, throwing my hands off him and spinning me
around. He shoved me up against the wall face first. He pushed his whole body
against mine, thrusting his hips into my bottom, pressing me up against the
wall.

He pulled back my hair roughly and hissed into my ear, "Listen, baby, I don't
like being made fun of!". He reached around my front and pinched my nipples
through  the pink plastic dress. I cried out, "Ow! Let me go!" but he only bit
the back of my neck, making me whimper. He spat out, "Don't pull a stunt like
that again or I'll show you how I treat smart-mouthed bitches!". I couldn't
believe what was happening.  I prayed no one would see us like that.

In an instant he was gone, however, heading downstairs. I pulled away from the
wall and tried to get my head together. It was spinning and I felt ashamed.
Underneath the shame and the anger, however, I could feel the arousal. My
panties were damp. I reached down to feel my cunt, hardly believing the wetness
that I felt there, and it instantly came alive. I pulled my hand away in shock.
I didn't want to feel these things. I stared at the wall where my lipstick had
stained it, mouth crushed against its cool hard surface. I just stood there,
staring at the mark and wondering what the hell I was doing.

I was shaking, not knowing what to do. Part of me wanted to run out, of course,
but there were other voices, other desires, coursing through me. I didn't want
to give up my new-found excitement yet. I didn't want to give him up yet.
Despite what he'd done, or perhaps because of it, I had to stay. Maybe, I
thought, if I stayed it would show him that I was made of stronger stuff. I
walked into the upstairs bathroom to fix my lipstick and then I headed
downstairs.

It was some time since I'd been gone and the scene down there seemed surreal.
Exquisite men and women stood about chatting, dressed in kinky attire. One woman
in a red corset and red rubber miniskirt was admiring the leather and
metal-studded codpiece of a powerfully built handsome man. Her breasts created
the most delectable crevice above her lacy-topped corset as she bent over to
touch the codpiece that protruded from his jeans which were adorned with leather
chaps.

I couldn't see him at first. I didn't want to let him think I was that concerned
with his whereabouts. So I drifted into the kitchen where I soon started
flirting with this very attractive man in leather, who said his name was
Stephen. He had on a short leather jacket and leather pants. Handcuffs dangled
from his belt. We chatted for a while as I drained a couple of stiff drinks. I
laughed at his jokes, unfunny as they were, and stared into his eyes. At one
point, mindful of the fact that Alex's eyes might have been upon me, I stroked
the man's hard chest lightly with my fingers. He looked at me, pleasantly
surprised.

All of a sudden Alex appeared with two women holding his arms. They stumbled,
laughing, into the kitchen and fixed themselves drinks. Alex deigned to
introduce them to me.

One of the women was astoundingly beautiful. He said her name was Daniella. She
wore a floor-length black rubber dress that was skin-tight, hugging her every
curve, all the way down her lithe body to her ankles. On her arms were long
black-rubber gloves and on her feet a pair of sexy open-toed stilettos. She had
blonde hair, longer than mine and curlier, and full lips that transformed
themselves into an exquisite smile. Her nipples were hard enough to protrude
through the thin shiny layer of rubber. Her breasts were large for her frame and
perfectly shaped. She smiled warmly at me, so nicely that I found it hard to
dislike her, despite the intense jealousy I felt.  Her sexy voice was
highlighted with a French accent.

The other woman, Natalie, was decked out in a studded leather demi-bra that
showed off her magnificent cleavage. She had a gorgeous face and very long wavy
brown hair. She was more curvaceous than Daniella and a tight black
patent-leather mini-skirt embraced her perfectly shaped hips. Running up her
long legs was a pair of thigh-high black patent-leather spike-heeled boots.
Around each wrist was a set of handcuffs. Above one cuff she wore a metal snake
that curled up her forearm. She smiled at me coolly as we were introduced and
told me how lucky I was to be Alex's "date for the night." I hated her
instantly.

Alex started talking to Stephen. I half-hoped for some altercation but instead
things turned against me. "So, Stephen, have you informed my girl here that
you're queer? I think she might be taking a fancy to you." He laughed and, much
to my surprise, so did Stephen. "No," Stephen snickered, "I thought I'd string
her along for a while!".  The whole little group fell apart with laughter,
including me, faking it while dying inside. When the jokes on me had finally
subsided, Alex announced, "Well I'm heading back out there to mingle." With that
he was gone, and with him went gay Stephen and Natalie. I was left alone with
Daniella.

She knew right away that all was not well with me. She moved over to me and
slung one arm slowly around my waist while the other caressed my hot cheek.
"Don't worry about Alex, Sara. He's such a flirt." Her words were warm and
soothing. "He's so beautiful and also he knows it. But that's the attraction,
non?."

"Anyway," she bent her lips to my ear and whispered intimately, "you look
fantastic too." She gave my ear a little lick and I instinctively turned toward
her. Our lips met. My heart pounded as our mouths came together and her arms
went around me. She pressed me up against the fridge and slipped her tongue into
my mouth. I couldn't believe I was necking with a woman in public but Daniella
was so pretty and sexy, and I was in such a state, I wasn't about to stop her. I
wrapped my arms around her slim waist and stroked the soft rubber of her dress.
She started to feel me up and I got a little tense but at the same time I was
incredibly hot for her.

Suddenly some people came into the room. I pulled away quickly, fixing myself in
embarrassment. It was quite absurd to feel such an emotion, given the nature of
the party, but I still felt awkward in this social scene. Daniella began
chatting with the newcomers, completely without concern. I downed half my drink
in a hurry and excused myself.

I wandered into the living room. There were random groupings of people in sexy
clothing talking, flirting and touching. I was growing more edgy and horny. The
drinks and the events were slowly deranging me. I was angry at Alex but was hot
for him too. He was playing with me and I wanted to play back but it seemed like
I was losing every battle. My little fun with Daniella only served to stimulate
me more and make me want some action. I wanted to fuck Alex and to fuck with his
mind; make him want me like he'd never wanted a woman before.

I saw him off in a corner with several people, Natalie and four others. A
handsome guy came up and started talking to me but I wasn't interested in him.
He was telling me all about his boring job or something and all the while I was
watching Alex out of the corner of my eye as he commanded his audience with one
story or another.

This guy waylaid me for the longest time while I pined for Alex across the room.
I couldn't stand the way he ignored me and I thought about the scene he'd made
upstairs. I had to admit that it turned me on and as I stared at him, oblivious
to the prattling bore beside me, I grew more and more horny for Alex. I watched
him part company with one group and go over to another, only to take control
there, his arrogance only outmatched by his magnetic power.

Everywhere he went there was a beautiful woman receptive to his charms, who
couldn't wait to slide a rubber or leather or lace or spandex gloved arm around
his hard black rubber waist and to hold on to him as if he was hers. It wasn't
fair!, I thought to myself. How could he treat me this way? He never once looked
around to see where I was!.

I excused myself abruptly in the middle of my boring companion's monologue,
leaving him with a hurt look on his face. I didn't care. I had just one thing on
my mind. I walked up to Alex's group and stood there, ignored by all. Alex was
listening to this voluptuous woman talking about something or other as another
chick held his arm. When Alex chimed in with a few comments I, wanting to get
his attention, responded to what he said and was promptly ignored by him.

He acted as though I had interrupted him and simply continued talking. The very
tall girl on his arm was like a gorgeous Indian princess and I heard someone
call her Monika. She hung on his every word, laughing at his jokes with a toss
of her dark mane. She was impossibly thin and beautiful. She wore a deep purple
plastic top that squeezed her little breasts. Her long thin legs were encased in
matching skintight plastic pants that showed off her delicious little ass. She
wore bondage cuffs around her slim wrists and ankles. On her feet were the
longest spike heels I'd ever seen. I could barely hold my jealousy in check.
When she looked at me it was with such cold disdain I felt chilled inside and
looked away from her powerful dismissive glare.  I ached to have Alex take me
away from this place and ravish me.  I felt alone, powerless and inadequate in
the face of these gorgeous commanding women who all clearly wanted my man.

When he excused himself to go to the washroom I followed him. "Alex," I called,
"I want to talk to you." He continued on. "Alex!", I called behind him. He
walked into the washroom and as he tried to shut the door in my face I pushed my
way in and locked it behind me. "I came in her to take a piss, Sara," he said,
perturbed. "Please, Alex, don't," I pleaded. "What do you want?", he demanded. I
steadied myself. "I want you," I said, trying to sound sexy despite my shaky
state as I moved toward him.

I wrapped my arms around him. "I need your cock!", I whispered into his ear and
gave him a wet lick there, just like I knew he liked it. "I need to take a
piss," he said matter of factly, coldly. I was oblivious. I kissed his neck.
"Let me suck your cock! Please!". My voice was girlish, as dripping wet with
desire as my cunt was between my legs. I kissed down his stiff body, my tongue
lingering lovingly on the hard rubber top, rolling wet and thick all around it.
I slid down to my knees and unbuttoned his pants, his voice a dim haze above me,
saying, "I need to take a piss, Sara".

I reached in greedily for my prize and pulled his cock out. I sighed at the
sight of it, long and thick despite its flaccid state. In an instant it was in
my hungry mouth. I moaned as it filled me up and I ran my tongue around its big
head. I purred confidently as I felt it harden and thicken and lengthen in my
knowing, wanting mouth. With one hand I caressed his hard bottom through his
smooth leathers while  with the other I pulled up my dress and sank my fingers
into the crotch of my silky pink panties that were as moist as the fertile earth
itself. I moaned harder as he grew ever harder inside me. I was so proud of my
ability to please him.  I felt the arrogance and self-satisfaction of earlier
steal its way back into my soul. I knew I was the only woman for him, my
wondrous man. Though he was ever still and cold above me, I knew it was just his
stubborn pride. He certainly had enough of that. At last, I thought, I was
winning.

Suddenly I felt a hot wetness fill up my mouth. At first I thought he was coming
but then I realized with horror that he was pissing into my mouth! I pulled off
his cock and felt the warm stream splatter over my face. I cried out in shock
and a mouthful of his hot piss poured out of me. I fell back on the floor
sobbing and felt the last few drops hit my body.

Alex calmly walked over to the toilet to finish his piss. I lay there on the
cold tiles, unable to comprehend what had happened. The monster! I rushed to the
sink to wash out my mouth. I heard him flush. "Clean this up before you go", he
ordered me and then he opened the door and stepped out. I hurried to close it
behind him lest anyone see my degradation and then I fell back against the wall,
crying.

I looked into the mirror before me and saw my piss-soaked top, my still-wet
face. I was astonished and shocked by the humiliation I had endured but as my
sobbing and shaking subsided I felt my hand sliding involuntarily down my wet
top. I couldn't comprehend what I was doing. My hand slowly lifted up the hem of
my dress, slipped inside the waistband of my panties and down.

I gasped as my fingers grazed my rock hard and slippery clit. I stared in
disbelief at my reflection in the mirror as if to say, "No! You can't possibly
be turned on by this!". But my eyes were drawn to the piss stains on my top, to
my nipples wet and cold and hard from the piss. I tasted the lingering flavour
of his urine in the back of my throat and realized, in shock and shame, that I
was savouring it! With my hand deep in my panties, working over my cunt, I
stared into the glazed eyes in the mirror. My lips whispered,  "You slut!", and
then I bent over as the waves of orgasmic bliss washed over me, my fingers
pressing hard against my sopping pussy.

When the pleasure subsided I fell back against the cool washroom wall. I had had
two orgasms already that evening but they didn't diminish my arousal, only
served to heighten it. I was indeed a slut now, thanking god for multi-orgasms,
used and abused and loving it. I began tarting myself up in the mirror,
reapplying makeup and teasing my hair. I dried off my dress and soon enough I
was back at the party again, looking hotter than ever and feeling no pain.

I grabbed yet another drink. "Sara!", I heard a voice behind me call, "I thought
we'd lost you." It was Maria, looking better than ever in her rubber catsuit. I
wrapped my free arm around her and kissed her hard on the lips. I pulled away to
enjoy the look on her face. "Well, I guess you're feeling good," she said. "Why
don't you come and join me in the living room?". "I'd love to," I smiled, and
out we went hand in hand.

We sat down on the leather couch in the main room with several others. Maria
introduced me to those I hadn't yet met. Natalie was there, Stephen too. I
laughed when we exchanged looks. He seemed to sense the change that had come
over me.

Maria began to tell us stories of S&M parties gone by. I grew hotter and hotter
with each seductive tale that poured from her silky voice. Stories of whippings
given and received and other adventures in dominance and submission were passed
around. Everyone was becoming aroused. I pulled up my hem discreetly and crossed
my legs, giving the two gorgeous guys in the chairs across from me a view of my
slender legs enveloped in sexy pink stockings. I watched their eyes light up.

I didn't pay any attention to where Alex was or wasn't. I was once again full of
myself, feeling oh so sexy, surrounded by gorgeous people, all of us getting
turned on by dirty stories. When he finally appeared and sat down with us it
only encouraged my hubris more -- to see that he had come to me for the first
time that night, instead of the other way round.

I felt cocky again, crazy. I just felt like being a bitch to him, making him pay
for what he'd done, show him that I could fight back. Little did I realize,
consciously at least, who would be made to pay.

He broke off someone's story just as it was reaching its juicy conclusion --
asking something about who was involved-- and I called out loudly, "Alex! Shut
up! You're ruining it! Must you always get in on everything?".

Everyone was suddenly silent. He reached down to me, his face full of anger. He
pulled me up by my choke-chain, gagging me. I was in shock. He spun me around on
my heels and clasped my hands behind my back. He held my wrists tightly together
with one hand while the other pulled the handcuffs off his belt and snapped them
on my slim wrists. At this point I let out my first cry, "No!". I was in a state
of terror and embarrassment. All around me I could see the faces of people I had
been talking to all evening, staring. We were creating quite a scene.

Alex was moving quickly, oblivious to my cries. His strong arms came around my
front and snapped a leash onto my dog-collar. I tottered on my high heels, drunk
and frightened. He yanked my hair back and pulled my body around to face
everybody. I whimpered.

"This is a little bitch who doesn't know when to keep her mouth shut", he said.
I heard the words echoing in the now silent and still living room where everyone
stared at me with rapt attention. Alex went on, " Now, unfortunately, I have to
teach her a lesson in proper behaviour toward her man. A lesson in Respect. And
because she likes to shoot off her mouth, to begin with I'm going to show her
what that hole is for."

At first I had expected someone to come to my rescue, to step up, realizing that
this wasn't some silly power-game and tell him to stop. But I was sadly
mistaken. With these last words of his I heard tittering from the women and
sighs of appreciation from the men. I saw Monika, the bitchy beautiful Indian
woman in rubber, smiling sadistically at me. And even Daniella, sweet Daniella,
was sipping coolly on a drink, back pressed against some guy who wrapped his
hands around her tits, and staring into my eyes.

"Tell them how much you like to suck my cock bitch!", Alex ordered me angrily,
holding my flushed cheeks up to face the crowd. I closed my eyes in shame at
these words, unable to speak even if I wanted to say those humiliating words. I
just whimpered and collapsed against his body behind me. "Tell them!", he yelled
and the shock of his voice shook me awake to the sheer shamefulness of the
situation. "Tell them how much you like to put my cock in your mouth!", he
commanded. But this time I could speak and I cried out, "No!", a pathetically
weak attempt at rebelliousness that was followed immediately by my dropping to
the ground as Alex took my legs out from under me.

I fell to the floor, stockinged knees against the plush carpeting, sobbing. Alex
somehow looped the leash under his crotch and he held it tightly now behind his
back so that my choke-chain held me tight against his leather crotch. My weight
was against him as I kneeled there, wrists helpless behind me, legs weak from
the intoxication  of shock and shame and drink.

Although he was my abuser I still took refuge in his groin, hiding my face from
the shaming eyes of the others. I heard Alex say, more calmly, from above, "Tell
them, baby, tell these nice people, bitch, how you love to suck me". I merely
shook my head into his crotch, feeling as I did the semi-hard cock that lay on
the other side of the leather.

I felt something sliding up my thighs. It felt hard yet soft. It gently slid
into the crack of my ass and then up my bottom, exposing my pantied bum. I
didn't know what was going on and I didn't want to know. I kept my head buried
in his groin as I felt my skirt being lifted higher. Then this thing pulled on
my panties, sliding the thin pink fabric into the crack of my ass. I knelt
there, shivering with trepidation.

" For the last time, my little whore", Alex hissed, "tell all the nice people
how you love to suck my big cock." I panted into his leathers. " No, Alex!", I
sobbed. "I don't want to do this!". "That's where you're wrong, bitch!", he
laughed and suddenly I felt an immense searing pain on my ass and heard a loud
smack as Alex brought the horsewhip down on my bare bottom.

I screamed with pain. "No!", I cried. But again the whip came down, this time on
my other ass cheek, burning hot. Again I screamed and cried out "Oh, God, no!".
My voice was a shrill mess of agony. I writhed in my bonds helplessly, my wrists
straining against the cuffs, hurting. I pulled hard with my back but he held me
tightly against him. My eyes filled with tears as the whip came down again and
again, my hoarse cries deadened against Alex's crotch but echoing in my ears.

My poor bottom was on fire as the blows rained down on it. My mouth was open,
cries escaping from it incessantly. My lips, wet with saliva, were wrapped
around the outline of Alex's huge hard cock now straining against the leather.
My mouth, wet and breathing hard, involuntarily massaged him as he abused me.

The whipping  continued as my cries grew weak, became ever higher-pitched. My
ass felt red-hot beneath me and the heat began to radiate through the rest of my
body. I became aware of other feelings then, things I didn't want to feel, in a
word: arousal. A sickening sense of desire crept over me. I started to become
aware of my wet lips around the shaft of his cock and  then of the horniness
that stirred. My helplessness, the pain, and the degradation all came together
in my mind and I realized I was soaking wet down below.

I began to tongue his cock through the thin wet leather. Each blow became an
urging to greater arousal. I arched my back, stuck my bum out further, the
beating now desired. Even through my tears, I started to moan with arousal, my
cries a bizarre mixture of pain and pleasure.

Sensing this, Alex relented. What a master he was of the beautiful humiliation.
He pulled his crotch away from my panting lips and yanked my hair back. He
smiled cruelly down upon me. I saw the whip now as he brought it round to the
front of my body. He slid it down the front of my top, the little leather bit at
the end stroking my hard nipples as it went. Then I felt it sliding under my
pink panties. He bent down and pushed the crop along my hard clit. I closed my
eyes as the pleasure coursed through my body, foolishly still trying to hide my
desire. He played the whip against my hot little bud as I bit my lip to keep
from crying out with lust, desperately holding on to what little dignity I had
left. Then he moved it back and forth over my clit and a little cry escaped my
trembling lips. I looked at him. He laughed. He slowly withdrew the whip from my
panties and held it up for all to see the wetness that glimmered from it. Then
he put the shaft of it to my lips. "Lick it", he said.

I stuck out my tongue as he drew the shaft along my lips and I tasted the
evidence of my shameful lust. When he pulled it through I knelt there, lips open
and panting, thoroughly ashamed.

He pulled me in by the leash again to his crotch. I sank against him, hiding my
face. "No, baby," he said, "you've still got something to say to everyone. Tell
them how much you like to suck my cock". He pulled my teary face away from his
groin and turned it to the assembled group. Through my tears and the haze of
humiliation and desire, I couldn't make out anyone. I opened my lips slowly,
deliberately and the words came out. "Yes," I breathed, "I love to suck his
cock!". "Very good, my darling, but a little louder this time. Go on", he said
and gave the chain a tiny yank. I swallowed and said, clearly and loudly, " I
love to suck his cock!", sputtering the last word out with emphasis before
bursting into sobs.

I turned to him again and my mouth fell onto the shaft of his cock and sucked
gently on him through the leather. "That's a good girl", he purred. Now you just
have to do one more thing. You have to show them how you love to suck me". I
looked up at him, eyes wet with tears of shame and love. "Take my cock out with
your mouth and suck me off", he ordered. "That way they'll know how much you
love it".

I brought my mouth up to the button of his pants, lips quivering. I couldn't
believe the spectacle I was making but at the same time I couldn't, didn't want
to, stop myself.

I bit the top of his pants and pulled. The button popped open. I dug into the
zipper and bit down on it. Slowly I pulled my head down, zipper between my
teeth, until I had brought it to the bottom. I opened his pants up with my nose,
hungry for what was inside. I breathed deeply the intoxicating smell of warm
leather and Alex's cock and balls. My cunt was soaking, buzzing with want.

I pushed his fly open to one side and then dug in deep with my tongue, like the
slut that I was, flicking at his gorgeous hard cock to free it. The knowledge
that I was digging my man's cock out of his pants with my tongue, bound and
kneeling there before him, spun me to new heights of desire and new depths of
degradation. I sucked greedily on the shaft and flicked at it with my wet tongue
like a bitch in heat until finally it came out.

I looked at it there before me with renewed astonishment- the glory of his
manhood, huge and hard there over my eyes. It was the most beautiful thing on
earth to me at that moment and I heard the astonished gasps of the ladies, and
not a few men, behind me as it emerged.

I pushed my head into his groin and breathed in the manly black-leather smell.
My head was spinning. I pulled back and set his wonderful cock free and it
danced in front of my eyes, pulsing. I parted my lips and wrapped them around
his big head. My tongue swirled around it, delighting in the feeling of it,
stretching my lips with its girth. Then, with a moan of lust, I sank my mouth
down on it, glorying in the sensation of it filling up my mouth.

Alex grabbed my hair and forced me all the way down onto him until his huge head
slid into my throat. I heard with pride his moans above me as I knelt there
between his legs, wrists cuffed behind my back, choke-chain pulled tight against
my neck, pinning me to his hips, and I felt tiny drops of desire on my inner
thigh, rolling gently down to my silky pink stockings.

He held me there, fucking my grateful mouth, his hands wrapped up in my hair,
one hand holding my leash tight against me. His cock slid in and out of my wet
mouth, stifling my deep moans. When he released his grip on me I pulled off him
and licked his cock all over and sucked on the side of his shaft. I moaned
loudly and cried soft cries of delight as my mouth moved over his cock with
thick wet licks and kisses.

Hungry to feel his hot come and taste it as it filled my mouth I sank my wet
lips over his beautiful thing and sucked him into my throat again. I sucked him
harder and faster, my mouth moving up and down on him feverishly, eager to bring
him off.

Suddenly he pulled out. I cried out, "No!", as his cock left my hungry lips. My
voice was a pathetic girlish plea. "No! Don't! Alex, please! Come in me! Come in
me!". I looked up to his face, now grown harsh and angry again. "Dammit,
bitch!", he boomed, "it looks like you still haven't learned!".

With that he pulled away. I was again in shock, thinking that he was at last
loving me again and not knowing I'd done wrong. Inside I chastised my own stupid
arrogance as I feared for what was to come. "No! Please, Alex! I'm sorry!".
"Shut up!", he yelled and then pulled away from me.

He put his hand on the leash just under my chin and pulled my head to the
carpeted floor. My face was pinned there as I struggled on my knees to get free.
But he stepped on the leash at the base of it, his foot holding the leash there,
my face pressed against his leather boot.

Then the whip came down again. I'd forgotten the pain in my bottom and it came
back now with a vengeance. I writhed on the floor in agony, my stockinged legs
twisting about, trying to free my abused ass from the torturous pain. My mouth
was open again, crying out and saliva fell onto the toe of his boot. The whip
came down again and again but this time it was mixed with pleasure from the very
start. I groaned onto his boots and my tongue came out and licked the leather as
I cried into it. With each cruel lash I ground my hips into the carpet in a
futile desire to be touched, raising my hips again to meet the next blow even as
I squirmed to evade it. I wet-kissed the leather boot that held me pinned there,
wallowing in my degradation. I moaned with the feel of the handcuffs behind my
back, my dress bunched up under them, holding me there helplessly while this
masterful man punished me so terribly.

Just as I began feeling I might come from the sheer horniness inside me, Alex
ceased his cruel show. He knelt beside me and whispered harshly into my ear,
"There, there, poor girl. You make me punish you with your bad behaviour but I
know you can't help yourself". He stroked my head as it shook with excitement
and tears. "Do you want me to fuck you now, baby, huh?". I melted with these
words, tinged with menace though they were. "Yes, please, Alex, please don't
hurt me anymore. I just want you to fuck me. Please! I'll be good now. Please
fuck me!". My voice was a sickening girlish plaint. I was helpless to do
anything else but beg for his cock. "Oh please, baby, please fuck me! I need
your cock inside me!".

He laughed. "That's a good girl. I'll see what I can do". I pleaded with him,"
please, my love, please!". "That's enough!", he commanded me and I became quiet,
so warm and in love in my abject humiliation and servitude. "Just lie still
there. Don't turn around," he ordered me and I obeyed, sure in my acquiescence
that I would now be rewarded.

I lay there, quivering with expectation. I felt a hand at my bottom, lubricating
my asshole. I wanted him in my cunt so I could come quickly but he wanted to
deny me further. I moaned in fearful anticipation and frustration but I held my
tongue. I was going to be a good girl, no matter what, sure of my eventual
reward. I felt him on top of me then and I grew aroused again. It didn't matter
what hole he took as long as I could have his cock inside me. I was so hungry
for it! "Oh God! Alex!", I moaned, "Fuck me! Fuck me!".

I felt his cock nudging my asshole and I squirmed with desire. My eyes were
closed, legs spread for him, hands cuffed behind my back, my entire being buzzed
with want for him. He pushed in. I gasped at the feeling of it. The delicious
burning pleasure of being filled up there by such a man. With Jon before it had
been just a painful bore and I hadn't let  him do it for years. Now it was
exquisite bliss, my gorgeous man's fantastic cock fucking my asshole in front of
a group of strangers. I was in a state of delirious surrender to him as he
started to fuck me with long slow strokes. That big cock I loved so and knew so
well filled up my ass with pleasure. I moaned for him, "Oh, Alex, my love, fuck
me, fuck me, fuck me!". I moaned deeply and cried out high-pitched cries of pure
desire and fulfillment. Finally I was having my man.

I'm not sure when I realized that something was wrong. It could have been the
unusual feel of the cock, or the absence of his moans above me. I don't
remember. But suddenly I knew that it was not him. I turned my head to the side
to try and see. I caught a glimpse of her then and she laughed, "Hello, bitch,
nice to fuck you".

Theresa. Alex's woman. I couldn't believe it. I screamed out, "No!" but she only
laughed and continued to rape me. I struggled under her, screaming all the while
for her to get off. I was in a rage. This hurt more than anything he had done to
me before. But I was helpless under her. She held my thighs apart with hers and
lay flat on my back, pressing my helpless cuffed wrists into me. I'd never been
with a woman before and here was my enemy, my rival, raping my ass. She laughed
cruelly in between moans of delight as she continued, harder now, faster too,
fucking me in my ass. 

Then she pulled off me. I cried out as the dildo slipped out of me, my burning
ass now hurt and abused inside and out. As I struggled though I was grabbed by
two of the guys there, Stephen and the boring bastard. They flipped me onto my
back and then yanked my legs apart. They lifted up my ankles high in the air and
spread them wide apart.  They attached my ankle cuffs to two hooks that had been
lowered from the ceiling. Then they backed away for all to admire my
helplessness again.

I lay there, in shame and terror as the assembled group gazed at my pitiful
figure. I saw Alex off to one side, smiling sadistically down upon me and there,
holding on to him and laughing sickly at me was Theresa. She was dressed in red
rubber. A cherry-red rubber corset encircled her torso and barely contained her
full breasts. Matching red rubber panties wrapped around her full beautiful hips
and below them cherry-red rubber stockings were suspended from the corset.
Making her look even taller than she was were 4 inch platinum red spiked heels.
Between her legs protruded a huge dildo, shiny with lubrication and held to her
by a red plastic belt that was wrapped around her waist. I cringed when I
realized where that dildo had been.

Theresa necked with Alex, and cooed to him, "Sorry I couldn't have been here
earlier darling. It looks like the fun started without me. I hate it when you do
that." Everyone laughed heartily as I lay there in greater humiliation.

"Let me go!", I screamed and writhed pathetically in my bonds to more laughter.
I watched in horror as Theresa came over to me then with a long whip in her
hand.

"She is a little bitch isn't she?", she called out. "Now I'm going to have to
punish her". With that she jerked the whip back in her hand and I watched in
terror as she snapped it back at me, the lash lightning-fast as it tore against
my thigh. I'd never felt such pain before, it was many times worse than Alex's
riding crop and the cracking sound as it snapped was terrifying. She laughed
loud and long as I whimpered, my breath taken away by the pain of the lash.

In her hand she held what looked like a remote-control and she brandished it
with a smile and said, " Let's see how you look upside down. We'll see how those
perky little tits of yours hang. Suddenly I was hoisted upwards by my ankles. I
was pulled up off the floor, terrified, as the hooks which held me were rolled
on thick wires toward the ceiling. Soon I was suspended in mid-air, my head
below me at about head-height to everyone else. My legs were still spread
wide-apart and my hands remained cuffed behind my back.

Theresa came toward me from the front. She tried to kiss me and when I turned my
head away she simply grabbed it and wrenched it back toward her. She planted her
lips against mine and kissed me hard and wet. Her tongue went into my mouth.
When she pulled back I called out to Alex, "Help me! Please!". He just smiled
and started feeling up my "friend" Daniella, who had planted herself in front of
him for a better view and who now stared at me with a distant look of lust in
her eyes.

I looked back at Theresa as she pulled from behind her a knife. "No, please
don't", I whispered trembling. "Don't worry, bitch", she laughed, " That's not
my style". But she pulled the knife up to my neck and then slid it down along my
skin, pressing lightly but terrifying me nonetheless. Then she cut into my
dress. She slit it "up" my upside-down body to my navel and then she ripped the
rest off. She went around back of me and uncuffed my arms. In case I thought she
was doing me any favours, she simply pulled the rest of my dress off my arms and
immediately recuffed them.

Now I was hanging there dressed only in my pink lingerie. Heels, stockings,
garter belt and panties. "My, my, aren't you a pretty thing", Theresa cooed. She
walked around me, touching me on my sore ass, my breasts, my hot cheeks that
burned with shame and fear that left me now silent. She walked around behind to
where I couldn't see her. All was silent for a moment and then I heard the rush
of the whip again and felt it tear in to my bottom. I screamed in agony. "So",
Theresa hissed at me, "You thought you could steal my man did you?". And then I
heard the whip again and it tore into my back, making me yelp and twist
helplessly in my suspended bonds.

She came around to the front of me again and stood and stared into my eyes.
"What do you think about it now, stupid bitch? Did you think that he loved
you?",  she said, her voice laced with cruel sarcasm. She then produced a couple
of little clamps like I'd never seen before. She flicked my nipples and giggled,
"Feel good, baby? Did you like it when I fucked your asshole? Hmmm?". She
quickly snapped the clamps onto my nipples. They burned with the searing pain. I
and then squirmed in my bonds, making the nipple clamps pinch all the more.
Theresa stood back, laughing, to admire her handiwork. Then I watched in horror
as she pulled the whip back and, staring deep into my eyes, began whipping me
again all over my body.

She started with my thighs, snapping the whip's end against the tops of my
stockings. "Tried to steal my man with your skinny body in fucking pink
lingerie! Now how do you feel in your sexy things, baby?" With each lash she
struck a different part of my helpless body and then lashed me with cruel words.
I was swooning, falling ever deeper into the abyss of degradation. As I hung
there I could feel the pain and hate slip away a little and be replaced with the
feeling of sexual arousal. I couldn't believe the fall I was taking but I was
too far gone to fathom its depths. My masochism was becoming a black hole of
desire.

I hung there and felt the now-familiar transition from anguish to lust sweep
over me. I felt my arousal heighten ever more, felt the buzz of my cunt, the
pain become pleasure and even, in this new state, my desire for Theresa begin to
grow.

She abated then, standing before me. She put her hand to her cherry-red panties
and I watched as her fingers slid inside her through the hole in the crotch. She
smiled wickedly and lowered me down a couple of feet. She walked over and wiped
her soaking fingers across my lips. Then she stuck her pussy in my face and
ground it there. My head was spinning from the shameful mix of desire and
hatred. I breathed in the smell of her sex. I could tell she was aroused and
this in turn turned me on more. Then, in the last humiliating move in this act,
she took  the knife and cut a hole in my new pink panties from cunt to asshole.
Then, spreading the material apart, she dipped the whip handle into my wet cunt.
Like her mentor in sadism, Alex, she pulled it out for all to see the
humiliating wetness that coated it. "Ooh, baby", she cooed in mock sexiness,
"you do like it!". Then she fucked me slow and long with the weapon of my abuse,
dipping the cock-thick leather whip handle in and out of my hot cunt until I
thought I was going to scream from the pleasure I was trying to withhold. At
last she yanked it out of my pussy and, squeezing my panting cheeks, she shoved
the whip handle deep into my mouth so that I couldn't eject it and then she
lowered me to the ground.

I lay there on my back and Theresa came over and took the whip out of my mouth.

I gasped for air. I was bound as before with my wrists shackled under my back
and my legs sticking straight up and spread wide. She knelt between my legs, her
dildo dancing menacingly between my stockinged thighs. "No, please, Theresa,
don't!", I pleaded but she only laughed that cruel laugh and said, "Don't worry
baby, you're gonna love this!".

She dipped her "cock" into my still-wet pussy. I sighed helplessly and shut my
eyes as she slipped it into me. A little cry escaped my trembling lips. I was
being fucked by my enemy, a sadistic bitch, and loving it deep down where my
shame became my pleasure. She started fucking my cunt, the long thick dildo
sliding in and out of my slick pussy. She lowered herself and flicked the nipple
clamps on my bare breasts as she fucked me, making me cry out. She pulled one
clamp off, bringing the pain back stronger than before and making me shriek from
the pain.  She bent her head down and sucked gently on my nipple. Nothing had
ever felt so good, so sexually soothing. When I moaned softly she hissed, "Oh
you like that do you? Then I'd better stop!" and she bit down on my nipple hard,
making me scream out yet again as she, and the others, laughed.  At the same
time she drove the dildo ever deeper into my sopping cunt.

She fucked me with an expertise that told me she'd done it many times before-
long hard strokes that hit all the right places. I moaned deeply despite myself
and she bit my nipples, now both shorn of their cruel torture devices, with
every sign of pleasure I emitted, only to follow each nasty shot of pain with a
teasing gentle lick or kiss. She seemed every bit the match of Alex in expert
cruelty. When she sensed I was coming, she withdrew, leaving me once again
hanging over the abyss of orgasmic satisfaction, dizzy from the heights at which
I'd dangled all night.

She pushed my legs back a bit and slipped the plastic cock into my asshole. I
groaned deeply, the new sensation overwhelming me. She knew that I couldn't come
like this but that it would leave me in a constant state of arousal.

She fucked me there in my dark hole, now slick from my own cunt juices, over and
over, all the while smiling cruelly down on me. She looked up after a while and
said to Alex, "Why don't you come over and fuck me darling, while I do this
bitch? She'll get the greatest view!". From several feet away I heard Alex say
in a sexy voice, "That's a good idea."

I turned to look at him, whom I had almost forgotten. I saw the crowd then too,
whose immediate presence had slipped from my mind but for the shame that their
watching eyes had lent to the situation, heightening my intoxicated masochism. I
saw Daniella, her dress hiked up to her waist, being eaten out by the Indian
girl, Monika, who knelt between Daniella's legs. I looked into her eyes for some
sign of the friendship I thought we had made but there was only the glazed look
of a horny woman, so turned on by everything that was happening that she did not
even seem to be seeing me as the brown-skinned girl lapped at her cunt, long
dark hair spread across her back. And I saw Stephen, head buried in the lap of
some guy who was seated across the room, who stroked Stephen's head as it bobbed
up and down over his cock. And there was Natalie, standing alone, gorgeously
naked now but for her thigh-length black patent leather boots, staring at me
with the arrogant look of a queen bitch, a wicked half-smile cutting into me,
while one hand played with a nipple and the other was buried in the dark patch
between her thighs, moving slowly, rhythmically, as she watched my continued
humiliation.

Suddenly Alex was there standing over me, smiling down upon me. He removed his
pants and shirt all the while watching me as Theresa fucked my ass. "Getting
turned on, honey?", Theresa giggled at me. " Isn't he gorgeous? I can't wait to
feel his cock in my cunt! Don't you want to see that? It's going to be so
good!".

I was getting turned on, more turned on, as I gazed upon Alex's naked body. I
couldn't keep myself from taking in the sight of his powerful shoulders, his big
beautiful chest, and, of course, his fantastic cock that stood out hard and
thick and long from his sculpted torso. I wanted him so bad! But here I was
getting fucked in the ass by this bitch as he knelt behind her, her ass curving
upwards to meet his toying fingers as she pulled out of me only to plunge back
in deeply. She looked down at me. I could tell exactly when he entered her, for
at that moment her evil smile evaporated, replaced by the most angelic look of
lust. Her mouth opened in a pant, her gorgeous thick lips wet with desire, her
eyes half-closed. " Oh God, Alex!," she moaned from deep in her throat, "Oh yes
fuck me!". Her words poured down on to my face in thick lusty tones, her hot
breath in deep pants blowing across my own open panting lips.

She paused with her ass out to meet his initial thrusts, her dildo playing at
the opening of my hole. And then she plunged in. She looked so different now,
poised above me, her arms holding her up beside me. She was moaning and crying
out in deep womanly cries as he fucked her, her voice now submissive and
feminine. "Oh, your big cock inside me!", she cried, "Oh god I love your big
cock fucking me!" Her face was a sexy mess -- glazed eyes which had lost all of
their sadism, mouth fallen open and emitting soft whimpering cries of female
desire.

She was deep inside my ass and with every stroke of Alex's huge cock as he
pounded into her she went ever deeper inside of me.  I saw his face over her
shoulder, his eyes lost in lust.  How I ached from this exquisite torture to
take her place!  I could only feel her pleasure vicariously, humiliatingly, as
she pumped my ass.

At some point she began to move inside of me in rhythmic thrusts which matched
Alex's. When he pulled out of her she did the same to me, only to plunge back
into my ass just as he plunged into her cunt.

The three of us were fucking in tandem, almost as one.  We moaned in unison. 
Theresa somehow came out of her blissful state to stare cruelly down at me.  "Oh
god! He's fucking me so good!  Can you feel it bitch?  Can you feel how
wonderful he is inside of my cunt?", she moaned at me.  But of course I could
not.  I whimpered from the cruel delight of her words. I was putty in their
hands as they twisted my mind and my sex any which way they wanted.

Suddenly things changed.  Alex was moaning deeper and deeper.  I knew with
aching remembrance that these were the signs of his coming.  Theresa stared deep
into my eyes, now fully aware of this moment of complete victory for her.
Despite her extreme arousal, she was still bitch enough to rub my face in the
dirt of my degradation.  "Oh! He's coming inside me!", she cried, her eyes wide
now and staring deep into my own which were filled with a mixture of the
greatest jealousy and arousal.  "Oh Alex!", she cried, still looking deep into
my eyes, "Oh yes, come in me! Come in me! Come in me! Fill me up with your hot
come! Oh do it baby, please, fuck me! Come in me!!". Her cries were incessant
and growing louder.  I could barely hear Alex's final moans of satiety but I
felt him come as he pushed hard into her, forcing her down hard onto me, forcing
her dildo all the way in to my asshole as he pumped her full of the warm sweet
come I had desired with aching slutty lust all evening.  Vicariously I could
feel his cock jerking inside her as her "cock" was vibrating deep inside my
hole. 

Her face fell onto my cheek as she collapsed with desire, her wet lips panting
against my hot cheeks.  Then suddenly she was coming too and her hips jerked
madly, the dildo still inside me, Alex still deep inside her, moving slightly. 
She grabbed my head with both hands, and her tongue was wet on my cheeks, stuck
out full in the ecstatic release and abandon of orgasm.  I could only lie there,
wrists pinned beneath me, stockinged legs bound above me and spread wide for her
raping, my head a nerve-rattling jumble of opposite feelings.  I had been the
unwilling physical witness of the fucking of two gorgeous people, my lover and
my rival.  I couldn't stand the humiliation and yet I loved it and lusted after
it all the same.  I lusted for her too at this point, for the sadistic mastery
she had performed on me.

The three of us lay there for a moment.  I looked around to see bodies strewn
around and only then became aware of the moans that filled the room.  Inspired
by what they had seen, the guests and hosts had fallen into sexual acts all
around me, creating an incredibly erotic tableau.  Only Natalie was still alone,
now lying beside me on her side, legs spread wide, two dildos filled her ass and
cunt and another in her mouth was being sucked like a cock.

Alex and Theresa got up off of me and Theresa straddled my body.  "I think we
both know we're not through with each other", she said.  I knew it.  I ached for
more abuse. I needed it, craved it.  She removed the raping strap-on and lowered
herself down until her bare cunt was just over my breasts.  She put her fingers
to her pussy and started playing with it.  "I have something in here that you'd
like to have", she whispered seductively.  I knew what she meant but I didn't
have the nerve to admit it.  "Don't you want to taste this come, baby?", her
voice was tauntingly sexy.  Her fingers played in her pussy, making squishing
sounds in her come- and cunt-juice- drenched snatch.  "But you have to ask me
for it bitch!  You have to beg me for it!", she hissed and laughed.  She just
looked down at me, at my open-mouthed lips staring helplessly at her come-soaked
pussy as I strained with desire, not only, I knew, for the delicious sperm that
lay inside, warmed by her cunt, but also for her own sweet pussy.  She started
moaning as she played with herself.  I couldn't bring myself to ask for it.  It
was too humiliating for whatever absurd semblance of dignity I had left.

I heard female cries beside me.  I turned to see Natalie, still lying on her
side just a few feet from me. She was staring intently at us and obviously hot
for the scene she was so lovingly watching, furiously fucking her holes with the
dildos, nipple clamps bouncing on her heaving breasts as she gasped with
arousal.  The sight of her, her gorgeous face lost in a daze of lust, her
abundant brown mane splayed messily over the floor as she made a perfect slut of
herself over the incredible scene of my abject humiliation, pushed me over the
edge.  I turned to Theresa, gazing lovingly down toward me and whispered,
"Please, Theresa, let me taste it!". "Taste what, lover?", she whispered coyly. 
"Please let me taste his come!", I begged. "Well, how are you going to do that,
baby? You see, it's all in here", she teased me, opening up her cunt lips for me
to see drops of the white warm liquid I hungered for. "Do you mean you want to
suck on my pussy, honey?  If that's what you want that's what you've gotta ask
for!".  I swallowed.  "Yes, please, Theresa, please let me lick your pussy". 
"Say it again, sugar", she cooed, "make me feel like you really want to lick my
cunt!". " Please, please", I begged, " I want to lick your cunt, I need to suck
on you!  Please, Theresa, please let me lick you!", my voice was a sexy pathetic
whimper of submission and it seemed to satisfy her.  " Oh you do want it don't
you baby? You want me don't you?". "Yes I want you. Please!", I cried, my body
aching for her cunt.  " Do you love me lover", she purred, one hand in her pussy
while the other stroked my hair.  "Yes!", I managed to gasp out, despite my
disgust at hearing the words come out of my wet lips.  "Yes, I love you Theresa.
Please let me lick you!".  At that point I wasn't sure I didn't love her for I
wanted to suck on her cunt as badly as I've ever wanted anything.  "Did you like
me inside you? Fucking you? Huh?", her voice was louder, commanding.  "Yes!", I
cried. " I loved it when you fucked me!".  "In the ass? In your hot little
cunt?".  Our voices were crescendoing as her ever more filthy requests were met
with my own panting submissive acquiescence.  Her fingers were moving faster in
her pussy.  "Yes! Yes! I loved you fucking my asshole! I loved feeling you in my
cunt!, " I gasped.

"Well prove it, little girl!", she cooed and produced the strap-on dildo from
the floor beside me. There it was, the instrument of my raping, my complete
humiliation by the two of them.  Some of the old feelings of hostility came
flooding back but I was too far gone by then, they only served to arouse me
more.  She pushed the big dildo toward my open mouth, ordering me to suck on it. 
I obediently opened my mouth wide and she slid it in.  I was moaning now as the
big cock slid in and out of lips and I sucked it as if it was the most lovely
cock in the world, savouring the taste of my own ass and cunt that still
lingered on it.  She pulled it out of my mouth and held it for me to lick all
over, which I did without any prompting, lovingly lathing it from its big head
down and around its sweet-tasting shaft, moaning all the while.

"Good girl", Theresa purred, " You ate it all up.  Now you get your dessert!". 
And she moved her torso up to my face.  I gazed up at her slick cunt, hardly
believing what I was about to sink to but wanting it all the more.  I stared
into her thick wet pussy  through the hole in her rubber red panties and stuck
out my tongue as she descended upon my mouth.  I moaned into her cunt as she
brought it to my wet lips. It was so sweet and wet.  I sucked on her pussy,
tongue flashing all around in a greedy hurry to taste everything. She ground her
hips into me, forcing her cunt onto my mouth and rubbing her wetness all over
me.  I stuck my tongue in her as far as I could and moaned loudly as I found the
buried treasure I so desired-  the sweet salty taste of him where he came,
spurting deep inside her.  I heard her moan above me and cry out with a laugh, "
Oh, baby, you really want it!"  I basked in the arousal of turning her on.  I
savoured the taste of Alex's come mixed with her own juices, all warmed inside
her.  She grabbed my head and started rubbing her cunt all over my mouth with
abandon.  I was helpless to stop her, still pinned under her, and I gloried in
this further assault. Now, I thought, as I held my lips open to her, tongue
stuck out for her as she fucked my face, she has raped me in every hole.  And I
felt my own arousal grow to new heights.  My own cunt ached from desire left
unsatisfied and I whimpered with want.  Just then Theresa came.  She pushed her
cunt into my gaping mouth and shook hard, clutching my hair and head. Her
wetness coated my face as she drove her sopping wet cunt against my mouth and
fucked it with her hips. I rolled my tongue around her cunt lips and flicked her
hard clit as she climaxed, screaming, while I moaned beneath her, now thoroughly
in love with her and her mastery over my will and my sex.  I drank with love and
lust the sweet liquid that poured from her cunt into my mouth while she shook
with ecstatic pleasure above me. Her cunt muscle, squeezing in a glorious
orgasm, pushed out globs and globs of Alex's wonderful come, sweetly mixed with
the taste of her own juices.

When her orgasm finally subsided she stayed there for a moment as I lovingly
lapped up the remainder of the delicious come and her pleasure.  I looked up to
see her playing with her own breasts and wallowing in the afterglow.  Any
thoughts I had that things had changed, that she was now going to comfort me,
please me sexually or even let me free were quickly dashed as she sat down
beside me, her fingers playing lazily in her thoroughly soaked snatch.  She
stuck one long heel into my face and ordered me to suck it.  She lowered it into
my waiting mouth and I wrapped my lips around and dutifully sucked it as she
pushed it in and out, my tongue swirling around the spiked heel while she
fingered herself to yet another orgasm. I watched with arousal as she closed her
eyes and came. At last she pulled it out and when I looked up at her with love
in my eyes she just gazed at me cruelly. "You're pathetic", she said with the
utmost disdain and, standing up, she walked away.

I heard a scream and looked over to see Natalie convulsing with an orgasm beside
me.  She lay flat on her back, beautiful long legs high up in the air, the
dildos shoved deep inside her ass and cunt as she bucked. One hand was on her
clit while the other pinched a nipple on one of her large perfect breasts.  She
came over and over, crying out the most delicious sounds.  When she finally
stopped moving she lay still for a moment and then, turning to look at me she
smiled. Rising, she came over to me and, withdrawing the dildos, shoved them
rudely up my ass and cunt.  She crudely fucked me with them while I moaned in
ashamed desire.  I could feel my orgasm mounting and I began to scream out with
the approaching sensations. My whole body was alive, sending sensations to my
cunt and ass and then radiating out from them.  I was delirious with ecstasy;
the precoming itself felt like an orgasm.  I knew it was going to be the best
one ever.

Suddenly there was Alex.  He pushed Natalie away from me.  "She is not to come
yet do you hear?, he shouted and he snatched Natalie up in his arms and carried
her over to the set of bars, like a jungle gym, that stood in a corner of the
huge living room.  In my naivet� I had earlier thought it was for children but
now I saw its true purpose as Alex tied Natalie's gorgeous naked body to it, her
slender back facing us, she pleading all the while for forgiveness. Alex tied
her wrists to an upper horizontal bar and her spread-eagled boot-clad ankles to
vertical bars attached with bolts to the floor.  I could only hump the air
pitifully as my imminent orgasm slipped away, the two dildos deep but motionless
inside me.  I began to sob as the pleasure ebbed and the immense shamefulness
swept over me.  I let my head drop and closed my eyes, tears rolling out of the
corners.

I lay there in a daze.  I watched, still helplessly bound with my legs above me
and my wrists manacled behind, as they worked over Natalie.  They snapped on the
nipple clamps and our hostess was ordered by Alex to spank her pretty round ass. 
She whimpered pitifully as Maria stepped behind her and massaged her little
bottom with a leather strap.  Maria went up behind her and bit and licked the
back of her neck.  Then she stepped back and, pulling her arm back, brought the
strap down with a loud smack on Natalie's poor ass.  Natalie screamed with pain. 
She writhed in her bonds and tried keep her bottom away from the strap but again
and again Maria brought it down, the room reverberating with the awful smacking
sound and the sad and hurt cries of Natalie.  Her ass grew beet-red as she stood
there, wrists bound above her, ankles spread wide, as the strap beat her
mercilessly.

When Alex signaled the end of that round of sadism, he told Monika to take up
the long whip that Theresa had used on me. Monika picked up the whip with a
sadistic smile.  She was stunning in her skin-tight purple top and pants outfit,
so tall and powerful and sexy.  She walked around back of Natalie several feet.
The whip hissed lightly as she pulled it along the floor behind her until it lay
there for a moment, poised like a snake ready to strike.  In the next instant
she jerked it back and with a long quick motion of her arm she whipped it around
her and then across to Natalie, who flinched at the whirring sound it made just
before it cracked like gunfire across her naked slender back.  Natalie's head
flung back and she let out a soul-stirring cry of agony.

Her poor wailing stirred something else, too. As Monika cruelly whipped
Natalie's helpless smooth body, between my still-bound legs I felt the heat
grow, the wetness oozing again onto my cunt lips.  But this time it was an
arousal of sadism, the first time in my life I had become aware of such a
feeling. The sight of that bitch Natalie so helplessly bound there and whipped
till her back and ass were glowing red and marked with red stripes, wailing in
agony, stirred my pussy to renewed heights of arousal.

Monika wickedly maneuvered the whip, cracking it against Natalie's delectable
body, lashing her writhing figure.  Natalie's ankles and wrists strained in
their bonds to no avail and soon she went over the abyss, just as I had, and her
cries turned to those of desire.  Sensing this, Alex ended her pleasure, and her
torment, for the moment.  He grabbed hold of the whip as Monika pulled it back
yet again, a sick smile across her beautiful face, as she prepared to once again
bring it down upon Natalie's backside.  "Hang on", Alex said to her. Monika went
up to Natalie's sagging, moaning body and drew the whip between her legs and
pulled it along her cunt lips, making Natalie cry out in a state of masochistic
bliss.

Then I watched as one guy climbed the bars in front of Natalie, his hard cock
standing out straight between his legs.  Then Alex went and stood on the ground
directly in front of her, on the other side of a row of bars, his huge cock
dancing.  Lastly I watched as Daniella, beautiful Daniella, strapped on the
dildo and stood behind Natalie.  Monika went and knelt before her and took the
dildo in her mouth and sucked on it, lathering it up with her saliva until it
glistened with slick wetness.  The three of them then entered Natalie.  Daniella
went first, pushing her "cock" into Natalie's ass with the aid of her hand. 
Natalie moaned.  I knew the distant place of wonderful humiliating desire her
mind and body had gone to.  I heard it in her cries as Alex bent down and shoved
his amazing cock deep into her wet cunt with one long manly thrust.  Natalie
cried out loud and long with the feeling of her two holes being filled up.  Only
when the man on the bars forced his big cock into her throat was her loud
moaning ceased.

The three of them fucked her hard.  I stared intently at Daniella's pretty ass,
her tight rubber dress pulled up to her hips, tense and release with her
thrusts, her hands reaching around to play with and pinch Natalie's nipples.  I
stared with jealousy at Alex's face, so deep in lustful pleasure, as he rammed
her cunt, his hands, first on Natalie's waist, and then moving around to feel
Daniella's breasts.  I stared, too, as the guy on the bars hung onto the bar
with one hand while the other gripped Natalie's head, forcing her mouth onto
him.  I realized with renewed jealousy that they were letting Natalie get off
while I was being tortuously held back from even one climax.  I knew then that
my special niche was on the bottom of the group.

I watched and heard, my eyes glaring with frustration and anger as Natalie's
muffled cries grew louder and louder.  The four of them were moaning and moving
as one.  Their moans increased, filling the room until finally Natalie came,
screaming into the cock that so delightfully filled her mouth.  Then the guy on
the bar moaned and threw his head back. Natalie sucked his come down with moans
of satisfaction, and I watched with lust as some of it spilled out and down her
chin.  Alex and Daniella continued to fuck her cunt and ass.  Their thrusts
timed so that they pulled out together and pushed in at the same time. They
brought renewed cries of ecstasy from Natalie, who had taken the other guy's
softening cock out of her mouth, freeing her to cry out with abandon at the
sensation of having both holes filled at the same time.  "Oh, fuck me fuck me
fuck me!", she howled, her freed head twisting back and forth in bliss.  Alex
and Daniella fucked her harder and harder, their torsos mashing her hips from
both sides as they came together, their big cocks pushing deep and hard into her
with perfect timing. Natalie was shrieking in agonies of pleasure. Daniella's
soft ass jerked as her dildo was buried all the way into Natalie's ass.  And I
watched as my man, my master, grabbed Natalie's hips with his powerful arms and
shoved into her so hard that he lifted her body off the ground, the only thing
holding her down were the two straps that bound her ankles to the bars. His
handsome face grimaced in orgasmic bliss as he held her, inches off the ground,
with Daniella's dildo still inside her, as he pumped her full of his come. When
their pleasures had all ceased, they untied her and let her slip to the ground.

Several of the women then fell onto her with caressing hands and tongues.  For
me there was no such pity.  I lay there, still in my debasing bonds, and watched
as the four beautiful women worked over her wounded body with consoling gifts of
pleasure for the wonderful show Natalie had just been the unwilling star of. 
Two of them licked her breasts, sucking them gently and softly licking her
swollen nipples, now free of the torturous clamps.  One of the others, the woman
I saw hanging off Alex earlier in the kitchen, went down on Natalie, no doubt in
part to suck the delicious come out of her pussy.  Her tongue delved far into
Natalie's cleft, making the abused girl moan softly as her ardour again grew. 
The fourth women was kissing her passionately, tongues swirling together, before
she drifted away from Natalie's mouth and thickly licked her hot cheeks and slid
her tongue sensuously down Natalie's neck, licking off the extra come, following
her body down between the two heads that still were upon Natalie's breasts, and
further down her stomach until, at last, she joined the other girl in softly
licking Natalie's abused, grateful cunt.   They rolled her over onto her side
and the two women at her breasts shifted positions so that they could continue
their mouth-giving balm upon her breasts, one lying face to face with her while
the other knelt beside her.  The other two shifted around until one had her face
in Natalie's ass and the other continued licking her pussy. Soon Natalie was
coming again.  She cried out and gave a long low moan, clutching whatever flesh
was in reach as the women kept up their pleasure-giving caresses, the four sets
of mouths, lips, tongues and hands upon breasts and nipples and buried in her
cunt and ass.  Natalie came over and over again in quick succession.  The four
women fingered themselves as their own desire increased until they were all
coming, womanly cries of bliss echoing in the room.  I could only watch the
scene, squeezing the teasing toys that filled me up with what power I had in my
strong bonds, panting as the five of them moved together in orgiastic splendour,
fingers playing in dank wet patches, open wet lips moaning onto nipples or into
Natalie's ass and cunt.  Finally they were done. They lay in each other's arms,
Natalie crying softly.

I saw Alex approaching and looked at him beseechingly.  But his eyes flashed
with renewed coldness.  "Show's over bitch", he said matter-of-factly.  "Alex,
please, let me come, please!", I begged him.  He only stood over me, undoing my
ankles.  When they were finally released, they fell to the ground, their sore
tightness hurting me.  But I twisted around onto my stomach, wrists paining me
in the cuffs that still held them fast.  I  crawled to him on my stomach as he
stood there.  My mouth fell upon his leather boots, kissing them, licking them. 
I was incredulous of myself but beyond the point of caring.  I panted into
Alex's boot-tops as I licked them all over, "Please, Alex, please, let me come.
Give me your cock!", but my pitiful demands only angered him more.  He pulled
his boot away and put it against my cheek, pressing the other cheek roughly into
the floor. "Undo the cuffs", he ordered to someone and I could feel hands on my
wrists freeing them from the metal shackles.  When they were free I took one and
wrapped it around the boot that held me there while the other went between my
legs and fingered my wet snatch.  "Oh god I need to come!", I cried but hands
were upon me instantly, pulling them away from their lustful endeavours and
yanking me to my feet. "Take her upstairs", Alex commanded and I was hauled
away, tearfully begging for them to stop as they carried me up the stairs.

I was taken into the bathroom into which I had fled earlier in the evening. It
seemed like such a long time ago.  I knew in my head even then that it was truly
a lifetime ago.  When I had gone in there before it was as a woman who was still
her own woman, summoning the sense of independence and rebelliousness that I had
always cherished.  No man had ever dominated me and never would, I used to tell
myself.  That was the woman I was then, although I know now that it was, and
always had been, a thin veneer.  That's why I had always gone with effeminate
men, men who I called "sensitive", men who never truly aroused me because they
were cheap substitutes, replacements for the repressed primeval desire that
burned deep inside. All that had changed as I was carried into the bathroom,
gratefully ruined.

When I entered  that same room I knew I was and would forever be a slave to the
overwhelming power of the man who now commanded the others to abuse me.  I was
being broken, turned to nothing, only to be reborn to the woman I truly was
before and never knew. But all that was incidental. For now I was only to be
humiliated further, and I savoured every moment of shame.

Alex had them lay me on my back in the whirlpool bath.  My legs were spread as
before, up and apart, exposing my cunt through the hole that Theresa had ripped
in my panties. Then they were tied to a bar on the tub wall.  My arms were also
raised up and tied similarly way to another bar above me. Helpless again, clad
only in heels, stockings and torn panties, legs and arms up in the air, ankles
and wrists bound to rails over the bath, I was in a pathetic heaven of
masochistic lust.  The ceramic bath was heated from below and it warmed my
frightened body as Alex bent down.  He tied a black ribbon of leather around my
eyes, gently lifting my head to wrap it up tight until I was completely
blindfolded.  Then, silently, all the people in the room left.

I lay there, assuming I was simply being taken away from the fun like the person
no one wants at the party, and listened to the sex continuing downstairs. I
squirmed in my bonds in the darkness of the blindfold, my cunt once again oozing
horniness as I listened to the sounds of lust which were carried upstairs: moans
and groans of sexual pleasure as cocks entered holes, cries and shrieks of
sexual pain as whips and paddles and straps were being brought down on quivering
skin.  How I ached to be down there, licking rubber and leather, being taken in
my every orifice by men and women!  But I could only lie there, panting with
want.

I heard someone enter after a time and I lay silent, praying that whoever it was
would touch me in some way, any way.  The person, whoever he or she was, was
quiet too and I shook with trepidation.

The I felt it.  A warm splashing on my stomach.  I heard laughter above me-- it
was more than one person, two of the men-- as they pissed on my bound flesh. 
"No!", I cried, taken too soon to a new level of degradation, but they only
laughed and filled up my protesting mouth with a spray of warm piss.  One let
his stream fall on my lips. I held them shut tight while the other sprayed my
body.  When he hit my nipple with the first spray I arched my back at the
pleasure of it and moaned with delight and dismay at my own willing
participation in my fall.  As my panting lips fell open, a stream of hot piss
again filled my mouth.

Before the first two were finished I heard a third man enter the room.  " So
this is the new toilet!", he called out cruelly, "I love it!".  The others
laughed and invited him to join in.  I could hear him step onto the rim of the
bath at the rear and in a moment I felt his hot piss on my stockinged leg. 
While the other bastards were still peeing on my exposed face and nipple I felt
the third one's stream work its way up my leg.  The sensation of it made my
mouth fall wide open in a groan and when I felt the piss filling up my throat I
surrendered to it and drank it down. The hot stream on my nipples was driving my
arousal higher and higher when the third man's piss reached the tops of my
stockings.  I moaned, sputtering, drinking and spitting out the piss that
relentlessly fell into my gaping mouth.  Then the third man's spray hit my clit
and I cried out with sexual arousal.  But, just as quickly, he passed by it and
the three of them ended up pissing randomly over my body, soaking it thoroughly. 
Finally leaving, they thanked me "for the use of the facilities" with horrible
sarcasm.

And thus it went for what seemed like hours.  The party-goers used me
exclusively for their pissing, men and women traipsing in and out with cold
casualness.  The women climbed onto the rim of the bath, straddling it, and let
loose their thick hot streams of piss, while the men mostly stood at the side of
the tub and pissed all over my helpless body. I writhed in the warm,
sweet-smelling liquid that rose higher and higher as the evening's merrymaking
and drinking continued  Some couples stopped to have sex right there in the
room, getting off as they watched others let loose their warm streams all over
me.  I only grew more and more aroused as my slow drawn-out humiliation
continued.  Each time they aimed their piss at my clit I thought I would come
but the moment soon passed as they moved on to other parts of my body,
teasingly, or simply finished their pissing with little droplets that fell
tantalizingly on my clit, leaving me panting for more.

I writhed in my bonds and my blindfold, now soaked with piss, wondering if this
exquisite torment would ever cease.  But indeed the night was coming to a close
and Alex had a grand finale in store for me.  My blindfold was removed. When my
eyes adjusted to the light I saw that the room was full of people.  Monika and
Theresa were standing beside me, looking down with mischievous grins.  They
climbed into the bath, high-heels stepping into the warm pool of piss.  Monika
crouched over my cunt facing me while Theresa lowered herself, facing Monika,
until she was just above my mouth.  I could see their arms encircling each
other.  Monika's hand reached under Theresa's pussy and played with her wet cunt
right above my eyes.  I grew wild inside with desire.  I could hear the sounds
of them necking.  Then I felt a hot stream pour down on my cunt as Monika began
pissing on me.  I moaned loudly as the hot piss drove against my clit and
streamed through my engorged lips.  Then Theresa started pissing.  The hot
liquid poured into my wide open lips. I drank it down, gulping fast and furious,
stopping to breathe and letting it fill up my mouth and run down my hot neck and
cheeks as Monika's steady stream brought me closer and closer to the state of
ecstasy.  Her hot piss danced on my clit which was big and hard and straining
for more.

Suddenly it was upon me.  I screamed and arched my back as wave after wave of
exquisite pent-up pleasure shot through my aching, exhausted body. Could there
be a more humiliating manner of climaxing than to be bound while another woman
pissed on my clit?  The extreme debasement only served to make my orgasm all the
more intense.  Theresa's stream of piss poured all over my face as I cried out
and strained in my bonds.  My climax went on and on, the bliss of it
overwhelming me, until finally Monika had exhausted her supply and the last few
drops of her nectar of piss fell onto my grateful, still-coming pussy.  I lay
back in the warm liquid that now filled half the bath, panting, opening my mouth
to drink down the last mouthful of pee that ran out of Theresa's cunt above me. 
The two women stepped out of the tub.  I saw Alex emerge from the group of
curious onlookers who filled the room and gazed in intense silence on my
fabulous display of degradation and lust.

Alex undid my bonds and my limbs fell down into the soothing warm piss that
surrounded me.  He told me to roll over and get on my knees.  I did as I was
told, turning over in the mellow yellow liquid, my pink stilettos submerged
under me.  Alex got in the tub behind me, naked, kneeling down into the liquid. 
He pulled my hands back.  I felt his hard cock against my ass and then, dipping
down and running itself over my piss-and-come-soaked lips.  I arched my back,
bending my wet bottom toward him, praying silently for his cock to come inside,
at last, to end my anguished longing.

I got my wish.

His big prick slid into me.  Nothing had ever felt so good.  I let out a moan of
grateful lust.  His cock slid in and out of my hot cunt as I quivered. He held
my wrists behind me with one hand while the other reached around to pinch my
already sore nipples and squeeze my aching tits.  I cried out in bliss and pain. 
I could feel another orgasm approaching fast.  That's when he pushed my upper
body forward and down, holding my wrists tight behind my back so that I was
powerless to do anything but let my body fall under his strong grasp.  Slowly he
let me drop down as his great cock continued fucking my open cunt.  My arms were
tight, hurting from the strain, but all I cared about was the exquisite feeling
of him inside me.  He held me poised over the pool of piss, his strong hands
holding me suspended over the liquid by my wrists, and then he let me drop in,
face first, to the warm bath of urine.

I held my breath as I went in.  My head was submerged in a calm quietude under
the warm liquid, focusing all my sensations on the wonderful feeling in my cunt.
I began to come again, letting the air burst out of my lungs in a cry of
submissive bliss, head submerged in piss as this masterful man pinned me down
and filled up my cunt with his hot come, cock jerking in spasms of pleasure deep
in my pussy.  At last Alex pulled me up and I gasped for air as I emerged, still
coming, and let out a shriek of Boschian delight.

He kissed the back of my neck in the first gentle gesture he'd displayed to me
all evening.  Even in this absurd state of crazed humiliation and degradation I
still felt incredibly moved by it.  But in the next instant he stepped out of
the bath and was gone.  I sank down into the warm liquid and rolled over onto my
back.  Some of the assembled group had left the room while others stayed,
engaged in acts of sex or simply watching me, curious.  I loved their prying
eyes then and in a proud display I spread my legs and pushed my fingers into my
submerged cunt, pulling out piss-soaked gobs of Alex's come and licking my
fingers clean.  When I had had my fill I masturbated, hands splashing in my
cunt, and came again and again until I passed out in my beautiful bath of piss,
still fingering my hole.

When I awoke I was in a strange room.  The sunlight was just a glimmer behind
thick curtains but I knew it was the next day and that I had to face it,
somehow. My head felt unbearably heavy with shame and confusion. Did all that
really happen? Did they really do all those things to me? Worse still, did I
really behave in such a shameful slutty manner?  I prayed that it was all just a
dream.

I lay for a time in my unfamiliar bed, fighting a losing battle with a dreaded
reality, and then I quickly threw on my clothes and coat, which someone had
mercy enough to put in the room with me. I fled the now still and silent den of
iniquity, rushing ever faster past the bathroom, down the stairs, past the
kitchen and the living room, humiliating scenes coming back to me in waves,
though the stage was now devoid of players.  It was the stage for the playing
out of my worst instincts for degradation and debasement, now so hideously real
and obviously not a fantasy at all. Not a game, but real life, whatever that
was.

Still, I felt as if I had awoken only to find myself in another dream, though it
was one from which I would never escape.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lindsay Zara


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





