BDSM Library - Jane




Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The diary of adventures of Jane. Read about how an innocent girl started her new sex life.
Jane
by Allene

Story of Jane, Jim, Paula 
                                                       January 20,1990
Dear Diary,
     This is my first diary. I know this is the sort of thing young girls
keep but until today there was nothing special to write about. I was
raised strictly and God fearing. My Father believed women were
irresponsible so he always chose my Mothers and my clothes which were very
conservative. Actually he made all the decisions including educating me at
home. My mother and I always tried to be good and obediant because if he
was displeased he would spank us with a big wooden paddle that would leave
us with bruises for days as a reminder of our sin. Even though we would be
fully clothed for the spanking it still hurt terribly and he would do it
until we were crying and promising we would not do whatever made him mad
again.
     My Mother had it the worst. If he decided whatever I had done was
because of improper training my Mother would be spanked as soon as he
finished with me. Once when I was about twelve he caught me wading in the
creek holding my skirt up to my thighs. He thought that was terribly
immodest and spanked both of us very hard.
     We could never disagree with the punishment since it was decreed by
the Bible and our church to be modest, hardworking and obedient to our
husbands and fathers.
     Today I thought my whole life would change. Dad brought home one of
his junior partners from his law firm. He is beautiful although a little
older than me and he likes me! He asked my father if he could take me to
the movies Friday. When Dad found out the movie was rated "G", he agreed.
This will be my first real date. I had gone to church functions with boys
when I became sixteen but we were always with my parents at the function
and went home in Dad's car. This is totally different. We will be alone. I
am so happy Dad thinks I am responsible enough for this.

                                                       January 23,1990
Dear Diary,
     My date was tonight with Jim. He was very attentive and said I looked
beautiful in my blue suit. I noticed other girls were wearing very short
skirts. I said I looked out of stye with my skirt below my knee but he
said he liked the fact I was modest and the other girls  were improperly
raised sluts. My Father is right! Nice men do not like loose girls. He
came into the house with me and told my Dad I was very nice and that he
wanted to take us to Sunday Brunch after church. Dad agreed! 

                                                       Jan,25,1990
Dear Diary,
     Brunch was wonderful. We seldom go to restaurents, Dad thinks it is a
waste of money since we have food at home. Even Dad enjoyed the large
variety and the fact he could eat all he wanted. Jim made me blush with
all his compliments on my beauty, my grace, and my table manners. Dad made
me blush a lot more when he told Jim I was essentially a willful child and
it had taken a lot of spankings to make me a lady. I was even more
embarressed when Jim seemed interested and asked if I was still spanked
now that I was eighteen. Dad said, "Of course. Age has nothing to do with
it. I spank her mother too. You have to keep women in line or they will
lose all respect for you." That made Mom blush as Jim said he agreed
completely. He has asked me to go to the church fund-raising dance. My
folks aren't going but Dad agreed!
                                                       Jan,30,1990.
Dear Diary,
     Oh God. I love Jim. He is a very smooth dancer. It was awfully hot
with all the people so we took off our suit jackets to dance. I was a
little embaressed at first that he held me so close dancing with only his
shirt and my blouse and bra separating us but it felt nice.  He
embarressed me again on the way home by asking me how my Dad spanked me. I
told him that he used a big wood paddle on my bottom but I stressed the
fact that I was good and it seldom happened. When he asked if I expected
my husband to spank me. I naturally told him I would expect it if I did
not obey him. He seemed really pleased that I wanted to be good. When he
walked me to the door he kissed me! It was very thrilling. He held me so
tight my breasts were flattened against his chest. He has asked me to the
New years party at his Country club. I hope Dad will let me go.

                                                       Jan,31,1990
Dear Diary,
     The dance was fantastic. Mom let me wear her formal and Dad said I
could stay out till one in the morning. Jim bought champagne. I told him I
had never drunk alcohol but he said it was just wine and Jesus drank wine.
I got a little giddy and at midnight when he kissed me it felt so good I
let him do it some more in the car. He said he loves me and will ask my
Dad for my hand in marriage! I pray Dad will agree.
                                                       Feb,1 1990
Dear Diary,
     Jim came by and asked Dad for my hand. Dad thought it was very early
in our relationship but when we said we loved each other he agreed. He
said that he hoped Jim would not spoil me since it had taken him years to
make me a lady. Jim embarresed me by saying, "Don't worry Sir. If she
needs a spanking she will get it and if that does not impress her I will
bring her home so you can do it." We have decided to marry on St.
Valentines day.
                                                       Feb 13,1990
Dear Diary,
     It has been so hectic getting ready for the wedding I have been
neglecting you but tomorrow is the big day. I have a beautiful wedding
dress and the prettiest girls at my church for bridesmaids. Mom suddenly
realized that although I knew the difference between boys and girls I knew
nothing about sex. We both got embarressed when she explained that after
we hugged and kissed for awhile His penis would get hard and my vagina
would get wet so it could slide inside me to make a baby. She said it
would hurt a little the first time but it would not last long. I might
even like it. She bought me a silk nightgown for my wedding night. I told
her I would be embarressed having him see me nearly naked but she said it
would be dark. I talked to one of my married bridesmaids. she said I would
learn to like sex, but I doubt it. It really sounds gross. I guess it is
necessary in order to have a baby and my Dad is looking forward to
grandchildren.
                                                       Feb 15,1990
Dear Diary,
     The wedding was really nice and we got a lot of nice presents. I was
nervous about being alone with Jim and stayed at the reception until he
insisted we leave. We went directly to the cabin in the woods he had
inherited from his Dad. We drank some more champagne that gave me the
courage to go to the bathroom to put on my nightgown. When I opened the
door I saw he had the lamp by the bed turned on. I asked him to turn it
off because I was embarressed but he said I was beautiful and he wanted to
see me. I finally ran to the bed and pulled the covers over me. 
     When I was in bed he said I was being prudish. I had to remind him
that I had been raised to be modest and that was one of the things he
liked about me. He finally turned out the light and began to kiss and hug
me. It felt good to be hugged in my silk nighty but then I slid my hand
down his back and found he was naked! that made me nervous and he made it
worse by pulling up my nightie and putting his hand on my crotch.
Naturally I clenched my legs together and protested. He said he had to do
that so I could get wet inside to let in his penis. I told him Mom said
that would happen just by kissing and hugging. I guess I was too nervous.
He kissed and hugged me for awhile but I didn't get excited like Mom said
I would. I could feel his penis rubbing against the silk of my nightie and
it frightened me. It seemed huge! He decided the kissing was not working
and opened the drawer of the night table then turned on the light. He
flipped the covers off himself and began to put petroleum jelly on his
penis. He seemed to like doing it. Naturally I looked away but I could not
get the sight out of my mind. It was almost as big as my wrist. I was sure
it would not go in my tiny vagina. Suddenly he flipped off my covers and
pulled my nightie up to my waist. I grabbed for it but before I could get
it down he put his knees between my legs to spread them and jammed in his
thing. I felt something tear inside that must have been my hymen then he
pummped into me while I cried until he made a face, grunted, then rolled
off me to go to sleep. I cried for a long time with my only consolation
being the statement Mom said that he would only want to do it once a week
or after I had been punished. He got up early to get us some groceries
which gives me time to write to you. He said he realized that I had not
enjoyed sex but that was my fault for being so inhibited. He said it would
be better next time. I am curious about his plan to make it better next
week. We planned to go skiing on our honey moon so I have my long
underwear, ski pants, and a bulky sweater on. My body is perfectly hidden
so maybe he will forget about wanting to see me nearly naked.

                                                       Feb 20,1990
Dear Diary,
     He has left for groceries again. I am trapped here. It is almost ten
miles to the nearest house and very cold. Even if I could leave I
wouldn't. I am naked and he has locked all my clothes in the trunk of his
car.
     When he came home he was angry I had dressed the way I did. He said,
     "Why are you all bundled up. I can't even tell you are a woman."
     "But I thought we were going skiing."
     "Maybe later. First we have to do something about your ridiculous
modesty."
     I protested, "At the movies you said you liked my being modest rather
than dressed like those slutty girls."
     "You have to learn that I want you as two girls. Modest in public and
naked at home. Now take off those ridiculous clothes."
     I was shocked he would suggest such a thing. "I couldn't! It is broad
daylight. Why do you want me naked? I was not naked last night and you
could still have sex with me."
     "That is the whole point. Last night was just sex. I want to make
love and that takes cooperation. Now take off the damn clothes!"
     "No! That is lewd! Even my mother has not seen me naked since I was a
baby."
     He said, "I was afraid you might take this attitude. I picked up a
few other things in town."
     Before I realized what was happening he grabbed my hand and held them
together by my fingers while he took a rope out of his pocket and tied it
around my wrists. While I stood there crying he went to the sack on the
table and got a longer rope to tie to my wrist rope then threw it over a
ceiling beam to pull me up till my toes just touched the floor. He went
back to the sack and brought back a scissors. 
     He must have wanted my torment to last. He slowly cut along the
sleeves of my sweater till they fell away from my arms then cut it up the
front pulling the edge apart to slowly expose my stomach. Finally he cut
across the top of my shoulders till the sweater fell to the floor exposing
me wearing just my bra. I sobbed as he cut up my pants one leg at a time
then the waistband to let them fall away. 
     Now I was just wearing my long underwear bottoms and my bra. He must
have been tired of cutting because he slid down my underwear then took off
my boots so he could slide them off.
     He tormented me by sliding his hands up my legs and up my stomach to
squeeze my barely covered breasts then he cupped my crotch in his palm and
rubbed it while saying, "You have a beautiful body, Jane. Get used to
being naked because you are going to be that way a lot."
     I almost died with embarressment when he cut my bra straps and slowly
pulled the cups down by them revealing my breasts an inch at a time. then
he cupped my crotch again then cut the legs on my panties. I felt the back
fall away exposing my buttocks then he pushed on my crotch while he slowly
slid them down until they fell away. 
     Now I was totally naked. I turned my head to avoid his leering eyes.
I heard a chair scrape and looked to see him sitting in front of me
staring at my crotch. My only consolation was the fact that with all my
crotch hair and with my legs clenched together he would not be able to see
the slit he had ravaged the night before.
     It looked like he was going to let me hang there forever.He went to
get a beer and sipped it while watching me avidly. My muscles began to
cramp so I began to lift my legs one at a time to cross in front of me to
hide even more of my crotch but he liked that! 
     He clapped his hands and said, "That's the idea. Dance for me baby. I
love watching your boobs and stomach muscles moving."
     I stopped immediately and sobbed, "Please let me down. You have seen
me naked. Don't torment me anymore."
     "Are you used to being naked yet?"
     I lied. "Yes. Let me down."
     "Prove it. Spread your legs. Give me a good look."
     I screamed ,"No! that is obscene. How could you ask me to do that?"
     "Shit you are just ridiculous. I wouldn't see anything with that
hairy bush any way but I can fix that."
     He went back to his sack and brought back more rope to tie to my
ankles. he spread them so wide my inner thigh muscles pulled tying the
ropes to heavy furniture but that was not even enough. He got the scissors
and began trimming the hair on my crotch then got his electric razor to
shave it completely bald. To my shame the vibration of the razor began to
feel good. When he was finally satisfied I did not even have stubble. He
went back to my chair and sat down again grinning at me.
     I felt terribly embarrassed and I know I was blushing. I knew I had
not been this naked since I was a little girl and never for this long.
Even in the morning when I took showers I always hurried through it and
put on my bathrobe before facing the mirror.
     I couldn't look at him while he stared at me and certainly could not
look down at myself. Even if I had I would have only seen the tops of my
boobs since they were big enough to hide everything below them.
     Suddenly he barked, "Look at me!"
     I looked at him and he said gently, "Maybe you are embarrassed
because you don't know how beautiful you are."
     He got up and left for a mmoment. I have to admit I was pleased he
thought I was pretty although I couldn't understand how anything so
obscene could be beautiful.
     He came back pushing a huge mirror on casters. I turned my head to
avert my eyes as he placed it in front of me but he angrily stepped behind
me and pulled my face to the front saying angrily, "Goddammit. Look at
yourself."
     I didn't have any choice and in spite of my embarrassment I had to
admit to myself that I did look good. The stretch had removed the crease
under my large breasts and had shrunk my waist and tummy. The only jarring
note was my crotch. With the hair gone you could see all of the puffy lips
and with my legs so wide the slit had opened to show pink inner parts I
had never seen before. Except for that I felt a little proud. I looked at
least as good as the girls in their tights at the Olympic Games.
     I guess I must have stopped blushing as I studied myself and even
experimentally sucked in my tummy even more because he said, "Are you
ready to walk over to me and spread your legs so I can get my fingers into
that cute pussy?"
     It was one thing to be displayed this way against my will. To do as
he asked would be something only a whore would do.
     "No! I will hang here till I become unconscious before I do that."
     "Jesus! Your Dad is right. You are willful. You will have to learn to
obey."
     He took off his shirt then went back to his sack. He came back with a
whip! It had a large handle with five leather thongs coming out of it. I
began to moan "No." while he said, "I made this for you. I got the thongs
at a leather shop and nailed them to the handle. I thought your Dad might
be right."
     He swung it around to "Splat!" across my bottom. Amazingly it did not
hurt nearly as much as Dad's paddle. It just stung and caused my buns to
get hot. I was amazed it did not hurt very much and began to think God
recognized I was a martyr and had lessened the pain but as it went on and
on I noticed the sting on my buns was causing a tingle in my crotch which
felt good. When I just moaned through a dozen or more of them he suddenly
brought it between my legs so the ends hit my pussy. That made me scream
but actually more from surprise than the additional pain because the
tingle increased ten fold. He kept it up five times till he yelled, "God!
I have to get rid of this hardon!"
     He stepped in front of me and plunged his dick in me. To our surprise
I was wet and he slid in easily. It may have relieved my guilt to be so
totally helpless because as it plunged into me the tingle built to a
crescendo followed by this wonderful feeling of release that left me
feeling weak just as he stepped away.
     He sat in his chair panting while I hung there feeling thrills go
through my body. He was breathing normally before he let me down. I
collapsed to the floor in the foetal position confused and ashamed of my
reaction to his cruel treatment.
     He got another beer that he drank thirstily then said, "Now I get it.
You get off on humiliation and pain. You must have had one orgasm after
another when your Dad spanked you."
     "No! It hurt awful. I didn't like it at all."
     "Well maybe, but it was obvious you were getting off on my whipping.
Your pussy was sopping wet when I fucked you."
     He made me sound like some kind of terrible pervert. I began to sob,
"No. No. I didn't like the whipping. I don't know why I got wet. It must
have been fear."
     "Yeah? Let's see if you are turnd on by the things normal girls like.
Come over here."
     I walked over to him hanging my head in shame. He had me stand in
front of him while he rubbed my pussy with one hand and caressed my
breasts and tweaked my nipples with the other. It did not make me excited.
I just felt terribly humiliated. 
     He knew it was not making me excited and said, "Just as I thought.
You are some kind of pervert. I suppose that is grounds for anullment of
our marriage."
     That really frightened me. I could imagine being in court with
everyone hearing his description of my perversion. I sobbed "No! No. It
just takes more time. Remember you spent a lot of time when I was tied."
     He went back to caressing me and nibbling on my nipples. Although it
did feel good it did not really excite me until I remembered the thrill of
being tied and whipped. My tummy muscles began to tremble and I began to 
breathe in short breaths as my excitement built up.
     He was pleased. He said, "Hey maybe you are normal. You are getting
wet again."
     He laid back on the floor and had me straddle his hips then directed
his penis into my vagina. It felt good! I was so happy I leaned over to
kiss him but he straightened me up again to pull up and down on my hips
while he chortled, "That's the way baby! Work out! Make those great tits
jump." This humiliation just seemed to add to my excitement.
     For the rest of the week I agreed to do anything he said others girls
like. I really did not believe other girls would like to lick and suck on
his penis but I was afraid refusal would mean another whipping that may
make me excited and prove I was perverted. Besides down deep I knew I was
perverted because the only thing I had to do to get excited was to
remember the whip hitting me. I began to think I deserved being humiliated
and didn't object when he had me crawl over to him to suck his dick with
my nipples dragging on the rug. I even got an orgasm when he fucked me
"Doggy style" because it seemed so demeaning and I was looking at the whip
he had left on the floor. Even the ultimate humiliation of spreading
vaseline on his penis so he could pump it into my rectum seemed deserved
and actually felt good since I had never suspected there were so many
sensitive nerves in there.
     He never let me wear clothes and I got used to it even when he had me
pose in all kinds of revealing positions. The awful part is that he may be
right about me. In order to get excited I have to think about my whipping
and the memory is fading. He is pleased with me saying I am learning to be
a perfect slut. That is not a compliment to me. I have always been taught
to be a good girl.

                                                       Feb 22,1990
Dear Diary,
     I am in my new home now. It is beautiful. Jim is at work and said I
could wear clothes when he is not home. He said he would be back at 6 PM.
I thought that was a great concession  that would make me feel normal
again and dressed fully with bra, panties, slip and a long dress. I have
been naked so long it seems kind of strange to be wearing them. I seem so
much more sensitive now. I could feel things I had never noticed before
like the warm sun coming throug a window or soft breezes on my skin. The
clothes should have made me feel secure but actually I just felt confined.
My breasts couldn't move at all in the tight bra and my skin could feel
nothing. After a short time I took them all off. It felt so good I ran
though the house to feel my boobies bounce and sway and the breeze on my
skin until I was sweating which just made me feel the breeze more as it
evaporated the moisture. I thought about just staying naked until he
returned but that would just prove I was a slut. When I had insisted on
wearing clothes he had brought home a dress made out of burlap sacks. It
was really stickery and my legs and stomach  got a kind of rash that made
me beg to take it off. I decided I would meet him in that to prove I would
rather suffer than be naked. I decided to just wear the slutty g-string
panties he had bought me under it to really prove my point. It didn't work
out that way. In my bra and big panties the dress had just irritated my
legs, tummy and back  but now when I moved the stickers rubbed on my
nipples and butt which brought on excitement. I suddenly realized I was
rubbing my butt against a wall and squeezing my breasts to increase the
feeling. I sobbed as I realized I was really turning into a slut and took
it off to dress in my big panties, my bra, a slip and loose sweater with a
long skirt.
     When he came back with some groceries. He looked at me angrily and
said, "Did I tell you what time I would be back?" 
     I was puzzled. "You said six Pm. Why?"
     "What time is it now?"
     Still puzzled I looked at my watch and said, "It is 6:05."
     "You know I told you I wanted you naked when I am home. Why are you
wearing all those clothes?"
     I said defensively, "You said I could wear clothes when you weren't
home. I was afraid if I was naked when you got home you would think I was
a slut who would stay naked even when I didn't have to."
     I felt guilty knowing I had been naked up to 5:30.
     He had me undress, He tried to stay angry but I could see he was
enjoying the long strip-tease since I had so many clothes on. Then had me
put the groceries away so he could watch me bend and stretch to put them
on shelves or in the fridge. He held one sack in his lap. When I had
emptied the other sacks I took it from him. It had strange things in it.
There were straps padded with sheepskin with buckles on them and a chain
connecting them. When I asked them what they were for, he told me he was
tired of having to tell me to take my hands away from my breasts or pussy
to hide them. He pulled my wrists behind me and buckled them . Even this
was not enough. He used some soft silky rope to tie the hobbles to my neck
pulling my arms up and my head back to make my breasts push out. Strangely
it helped me. I had only been covering myself because I felt guilty for
flaunting myself. Now I had no choice, therefore no guilt, and was able to
enjoy his compliments on my firm, full breasts. Naturally being pushed out
like that encouraged him to fondle them. That is when he noticed the small
scratches from the burlap. He caressed them and said, "What caused the
scratches?"
     I sobbed then said, " I planned to meet you in the burlap dress just
to prove I was not a slut by wearing it rather than being naked but I just
couldn't stand it." 
     "You are ridiculous to prefer burlap to being naked. You know you
must be punished. Don't you?"
     I said tremously, "Oh are you going to spank me. Do you have to?"
     I should have been afraid. I wanted to be but instead I felt
excitement and shuddered hoping he thought it was from fear.
 Then he said, "You could call it that except it won't be on your butt. In
spite of your protests I think that just give you excitement.These breasts
have been naughty to withold their beauty from me. They will have to be
punished."
     That brought honest fear. I had no idea how that would feel but was
sure it would be terrible.I began to plead with him but his only
concesstion was that if I stood quietly for the punishment he would spank
them lightly. If I resisted he would tie me to the center post and whip
them as hard as he could. There was no choice. I promised to stand
quietly. He really was gentle! He just hit hard enough to make a
"Slapping" sound that made my breasts move and turn a light red. The
longer he hit them the more excited I became until I was panting and
pulsating with my body glowing with perspiration from the effort to push
them out even further so he could cover every inch of them. At the end  he
began to concentrate on my nipples to increase the excitement even more.
Then I felt a new pain that was pure excitement when he began spanking my
pussy. In spite of what my mind told me I found myself opening my legs a
little and pumping my hips to meet the strap  until I screamed, "Fuck me!
Please fuck me! I need you inside me."
     He carried me to the bed and fucked me with my hands still manacled.
It was so wonderful I had shockwaves going through my whole body but
afterwards I began to cry. It irritated him. "What in the Hell is wrong
now! I know you thoroughly enjoyed that whole experience."
     I sobbed, "That is what is wrong. You must think I am a terrible
pervert. I liked the whipping. I even pushed everything out for you so you
could hit every inch. I should be put in a mental hospital."
     "No. You should be happy God provided a way to enjoy things others
would hate. He must love you very much."
     I grabbed at that explanation. I decided it was a reward for being a
good girl for all the years behind me.
     From then on there was no pretense of my needing punishment. Any time
he became excited he enjoyed my sobs of shame as I held out my breasts for
a whipping or worse spread my legs obscenely so he could spank my pussy.
That hurt more especially when a thong would go inside my slit to hit my
clitoris but that just seemed to excite me more. By the end of the week I
was begging him to whip me.
     My mother just called to ask about my honeymoon. I told her I was
angry with her for not telling me more about what I might expect. I told
her Jim wanted me to be totally naked and since her and Dad had always
insisted that I must be modest I had refused. He had spanked me till I
agreed. She said that she was sorry but it embarressed her to give more
details. She went on to say that it was alright to be naked for my husband
and that modesty was only necessary when other people were around. Then
she asked what he had used to spank me. I described the whip then
blubbered, "Mom, he did it on my bare bottom."  She said she was sorry
that she had caused me to be whipped and that it must have hurt terribly.
I had to admit that it was not nearly as bad as Dad's paddle and suggested
she try to get Dad to use one. She objected that Dad would want to use it
on bare skin. At least with the paddle she had some protection with her
clothes. 
     I told her that even on bare skin it was much better than the paddle
because it did not hurt as much or leave bruises. She said she might
mention it to him.

                                                       Feb 23,1990
Dear Diary,
     Jim called yesterday afternoon to tell me my folks were coming over
for dinner and to put on a roast. I was anxious for them to see our house.
It was almost as large as theirs and had beautiful antique furniture Jim
had inherited from his parents. Jim was really proud of it as he had
designed it and helped build it on nights and weekends. Mom had taught me
to be a good cook so I knew they would enjoy the meal. 
     When they came Jim made them a drink and showed them around the
house. They really liked it. They were complimenting him on his work as he
told them he still had to finish the basement. That was news to me. I
didn't even know we had one. Dinner was fine. They thoroughly enjoyed the
food then Dad and Jim went into the living room to watch the end of a
football game while Mom helped me clean up. 
     After we cleaned up I made her a drink of creme de menthe and vodka.
They tasted sweet and minty but were pretty powerful. We had finished two
of them and started the third feeling a little giddy and giggling like
schoolgirls over dumb things we had done as kids. When the game was over.
Jim turned off the TV.
      Out of nowhere Dad said, "Paula told me that my daughter was not
very satisfactory on her wedding night. I also understand you had to
punish her. I hope it was successful. What did you use to punish her?"
     Jim said he would show him and came back carrying my whip which he
handed to Dad as I blushed to my toes and asked Mom why she had told him I
had failed. She answered that I had told her to suggest the whip Jim had
used on me for her and there was no way to bring up the subject without
telling him that it had been used on me.           
     Dad was sitting there fondling the whip then hit it against the
coffee table. Mom and I jumped at the loud "Splat!" it made.
     Dad looked up at Jim and said, "I am really surprised she was
impressed by this. She could barely feel it over her clothes. You should
use a paddle like mine. It leaves bruises for days."
     Jim said in his defense, "It hurts a lot on her bare bottom and I
think the humiliation of being beaten naked adds a lot. I don't really
want to bruise her because I like the look of her cute butt. Obviously it
is effective because her attitude changed much to the better."
     Dad looked sharply at Mom and said, "Paula! You did not tell me Jane
was naked. You wanted to avoid embarrassment and pain by hoping I would
use this on top of your clothes."
     Mom looked frightened. "If you had liked it I would have told you. I
don't mind your paddle when I have been bad."
     Dad sneered at her and said, "I told you to council Jane on what to
expect and what she should do on her wedding night. Especially to obey her
new husband. I think you failed. Do you agree, Jim?"
     "Well, she did seem incredibly naive."
     "Jane, did Paula tell you that you should excite your husband by
revealing your body and cooperating with his every suggestion."
     "No she just said I would have to pull my nightie to my waist so he
could enter me while I laid on my back."
     "That is pathetic. I am sorry Jim. You are sorry too, aren't you
Paula."
     "Yes, but you have to understand it embarressed me to talk about sex.
We had never discussed it before. I am sorry Jim and Jane that I made your
first night unexciting."
     Dad stared at her and said, "You deserve to be punished. Don't you?"
     Mom whimpered, "Yes. Shall we go home now?"
     "No! Jim deserves to see you punished!"
     Mom began to cry, "But you didn't bring your paddle!"
     "We will use the whip that you preferred to the paddle. Stand in
front of us and take off your clothes."
     Mom looked as if she had been hit by lightning, "No! You couldn't ask
me to do that. Not in front of my daughter and son in law."
     This was unbelievable. I had never seen her naked and now she was
being told to strip in front of Jim. I looked over at Jim. He stared at
her eagerly and there was a lump growing in his pants. I couldn't blame
him she was only thirty four years old and even with all her clothes we
could tell she had a nice body.
      Dad said, "If you hesitate any longer I will take you home, strip
you, and use the paddle on your naked butt, thighs, stomach and breasts
till you are unconscious."
     Mom howled but then began unbuttoning her blouse with her back turned
to us. Dad would not even allow her this much modesty. He had her turn
around to face us. Saying "This is all in the family. Not strangers. God
would understand."
     She sobbed through the entire ordeal which took a long time because
she was wearing so many clothes. It was a real strip tease as she took off
her blouse, her skirt, a full slip, her bra, and then her panties.
     Now she was naked and holding her arm over her breasts and her hand
over her pussy. I was amazed to see it was hairless like mine. She was
blushing clear to her breasts but Dad was still not satisfied. He made her
take off her shoes, garter belt and stockings. There was no way she could
do this without letting us see her breasts move and her pussy flash as she
unrolled the stockings and reached back to unhook the garter belt.
     Dad let her stand there for awhile trying to hide herself. She was
beautiful. I was happy I had inherited her genes. Her tummy was flat and
her breasts did not sag at all. She even had my round firm butt.
     I couldn't resist saying, "Gosh Mom. You are beautiful. I had no idea
you looked so wonderful under your clothes."
     Jim agreed saying, "Yes. You look fantastic. I am so happy you passed
your genes to Jane. You could be twins."
     Mom blushed but I could tell she was pleased by the compliments
although she tried to hide herself by holding her right arm over her
breasts and her left hand over her pussy.
     Dad said, "Do you feel ashamed and humiliated?"
     Mom howled, "Yes! Please get it over with so I can dress."
     Dad said, "Jim. You are right. Being naked provides another element
of punishment. I have given her a break by allowing her to be clothed."
     Dad wathched her for a moment as she blushed and trembled then said,
"Put your hands behind your back."
     Mom whimpered but did as she was told.I began to wonder if she really
hated being exhibited when I noticed she had sucked in her tummy and
pulled back her shoulders to make herself really look great.
     Jim noticed she was clenching her thighs to gether to hide her slit
and said, "She is still hiding. Tell her to open her legs."
     Dad told her to open them saying "More!" until they were spread
enough to slightly open her slit to show the pink inner lips.
     She was blushing all down her front. I could empathize with her since
I remembered how humiliated I felt the first time Jim had made me pose.
Her ordeal was even worse with me and Jim staring at her avidly.
I couldn't tell if her continued trembling and shallow breaths were caused
by fear or excitement. I still wasn't sure when she moaned, "Please spank
me." if it was to be able to hide herself or to feel the whip to see if it
would excite her.
     Dad had her lean over a desk and told Jim to hold on to her wrists so
she could not move. The desk was low, In the effort to hide herself she
spread her legs to press her breasts and stomach to the desk to hide
herself not realizing this made her pussy pooch through her legs and open
her slit a little.
     Dad began whipping her across her butt then down her thighs and back
up again. I watched her butt flesh jump and turn red, excitedly imagining
just how she felt. I looked at Jim. He was grinning at her and stroking
his crotch! My excitement left to be replaced by guilt. My poor mother was
being beaten and rather than feeling sorry for her we were being excited.
     I could tell it was not nearly as bad as the paddle since that had
brought agonized screams. The whip just brought gasps and moans. Suddenly
I noticed her moans stopped to be replaced by deep breaths and she was
rubbing her breasts and pussy against the desk. She was being excited by
the whipping! It was not just her body I had inherited! I had never felt
so close to her before. My guilt left and I stared at her as I imagined
the lash hitting me. I could actually feel the stings and tingles.
     Dad didn't seem to notice but Jim did. He was grinning at her with
his dick about to burst from his pants. Dad must have hit her over twenty
times before he quit to leave her moaning and dragging her nipples on the
desk then said, Well Jim. Is that the way to use this whip?"
     Jim grinned and said, "That is fine but there are some refinements."
     To my utter disbelief he handed Jim the whip and said, "Show me."
     Jim took it from him and brought it up underhanded to go between her
legs and slap against her pussy. Her eyes opened wide and she screamed at
the new pain, with the second one she jerked up to stand up. He took the
opportunity to bring the whip around her side to "Splat!" against her
right breast. She stood there trembling until he hit her left one then
grabbed her breasts squeezing them hard and then laid back down again
still mauling her boobs as she spread her legs even more than before. He
took the opportunity to bring the whip up into her crotch. We could see
her pussy lips being jerked and contorted but incredibly her only reaction
was gasps as she pumped her hips and and squeezed her breasts at each lash 
until she slumped in exhaustion.
     Jim stopped.  She let herself slip down to  let her knees down to the
floor then went over to Dad to hug his legs and press her swollen boobs
into his thighs whike she looked up at him with tear-filled eyes and said
weakly, "I'll be good. I'll do anything you want."
     Dad said excitedly, "God jim. You are right! She just resented me
after paddling. Excuse us. I want to see if she means it." 
     He picked her up and carried her to our spare bedroom. Jim came to me
and lifted my skirt to rip off my panties, put my butt on the desk. then
dropped his pants to drive into me.
     We both had marvelous orgasms then sat on the floor to hug each other
completely gratified. I giggled and said "You got so excited you didn't
care I was not naked." He laughed too and said, "Your mother was enough.
She looks just like you. 
     We were both thirsty so we made drinks and were sitting on the couch
sipping them when Dad came out just wearing his shorts. I giggled
realizing this was the first time I had seen so much of him. I was
surprized his body looked so good until I remembered he played a lot of
handball and got a lot of exercise spanking Mom and me.
     He grabbed Jim's drink to glug it down then said, "Jim you are a
genius!  After paddling she just pouted but the extra pain of hitting her
breasts and pussy made her say she would be my slave.Without my even
asking she sucked my cock! I had only forced her to do that when I thought
she needed total humiliation, The fear of that whip must be fantastic. I
am going to get one to hang on the wall to remind her never to disobey."
     It suddenly dawned on Jim and I that he just didn't get it. He
thought her attitude had changed from fear of punishment rather than the
fact it had made her excited. Jim and I looked at each other increduously
then I started to explain but just as I said, "Dad I don't think," Jim
grabbed my hand and interrupted saying, "Jane does not think that is fair
to her but we know it is important for wives to be obedient. Don't we?"
     Dad said, "Yes, of course. I am just surprised the spankings didn't
work. They left her bruised for days."
     Jim said, "Yes but women's butts are really tough. Also the paddle
would make her numb. Now if you want the perfect love slave you must teach
her to get rid of her inhibitions. Jane did not want to be naked in
daylight but now she will stay naked all day and it really doesn't bother
her anymore. Once she loses her inhibitions she will be happy to grant any
sex act you want. She may even agree to light whipping for no reason at
all except to excite you."
     Dad looked at me and I blushed knowing he was trying to picture me
naked and I tried to change the subject.
     "How is Mom feeling after her ordeal?"
     "She is fine, Surprisingly the red from the whip has already faded.
We made love and she fell asleep."
      I fully understood the wonderful exhaustion from multiple orgasms
and suggested they stay overnight.
     Jim said, "That is the wonderful thing about the whip. It does not
leave bruises so there is no long term resentment and you don't have to be
afraid someone might see the bruises to report you for abuse and their is
no evidence if she ever decided to call the police."
     Dad said angrily, "She would never call the police. She knows I would
kill her."
     Jim said soothingly, "I am sure you are right but there is always the
possibilty she might be in a car accident or something and be taken to the
hospital. Doctors report suspected abuse. The whip leaves no evidence."
     Dad said, "Yeah. You are right. All I have to do is keep her home
until the red fades. I am going to burn the paddle."
     I was grateful to Jim because now Mom would not have to suffer the
terible bruising from that paddle. 
     We sat quietly sipping our drinks but then Dad started staring at me
again.
     He said, "Jane. Is it true you can walk around naked in broad
daylight now? You and your Mom were so inhibited you changed clothes
locked in the bathroom."
     I said, "Dad. You made us that way. Don't you remember yor lectures
on how we should be perfect ladies and be fully clothed."
     "Yes but I thought you understood that was when you were in public."
     "No. We thought you meant all the time."
     Jim said, "It is not important now. Jane has learned to be a love
slave at home and a lady in public and you can train Paula to be that way
too."
     Dad stared at my evry move bringing on blushes then said, "It is hard
to imagine how you must look naked. I haven't seen you naked since you
were in diapers not even in underwear."
     Jim said, "Really?  There have been a lot of changes since then
except her pussy is still bald. She is beautiful. Would you like to see
her?"
     "Oh I don't know if that would be right."
     I said, "Of course it would not be right. That would be kind of like
incest."
     Jim laughed and said, "It is only incest if he makes love to you.
Silly. I owe him. I got to see Paula naked. Now take off your clothes. Do
it slowly the way I like it."
     I protested, "Please don't make me do this." but actually Jim had
made me proud of my body and I was sure Dad would be impressed.
     When Jim said threatingly, "You said you would do anything I wanted.
I want this."
     I let out a little sob but I knew it was futile to argue. That would
just get me a whipping that I would have to get naked for anyway. Actually
I was glad he had removed any guilt I had since it was all his idea to let
me get the compliments I was sure I would get.
     I faced them and slowly unbuttoned my blouse then slid it off. Then I
slowly unbuttoned the skirt and unzipped it to let it slowly slide down my
hips until it puddled at my feet.  I stood in front of them for a moment
in the skimpy underwear Jim had bought me with my tummy tucked in and
taking deep breaths in my excitement that moved my boobs.
     Dad made me proud by saying breathlessly, "God. She is beautiful. As
good as any girl in the men's magazines.
     Jim said, "Yes but she is real. Her breasts are better than theirs
augmented by plastic surgery. Take off the bra."
     They pushed out as I reached behind me to undo the clasp and my Dad's
eyes bugged.
     I dropped it to the floor and was made even prouder when Jim said,
"Aren't they wonderful. They need no support from a bra."
     Dad just whispered, "Yes. Beautiful."
     I slid down the panties slowly then stood there with my legs together
knowing that just made a tight slit of my pussy."
     That wasn't enough. They had me walk around and turn slowly in front
of them. I began to get into it and let my heels hit hard to make my boobs
jiggle at each step.
     Then Dad said, "When she was a little girl she could do the back-
bend. Can she still do it."
     Jim said, "Of course. She is really flexible. Do it Jane."
     I knew that in order to do it I would have to open my legs to get low
enough which would be obscene but that just added to my excitement. I was
embarrassed enough to do it sideways to them but that didn't work. They
simply got out of their chairs to look between my legs while Jim said,
"Hold it as long as you can."
     I held it until I was shaking from the strain then Jim said, "Do the
splits."
     I did knowing it would completely open my slit.
     Dad said excitedly "God I have always tried to imagine how the cheer
leaders at foot ball games would look doing their routines naked. Now I
know. It is wonderfully obscene."
     Jim said, "Hold on to her right ankle. He held my left and then
pushed me onto my back by pulling back on my nipple. My round butt held up
my pussy so I knew they could see my open slit clear to my anus but it was
simply exciting and I hoped one of them would put their fingers in me.
     Then Dad said, "In one of the men's magazine a girl was playing with
her nipple and pussy. Would Jane do that?"
     He wasn't asking me so I felt no guilt when Jim told me to do it
convincing myself I had no choice but I really needed to have that extra
excitement.
     I began pinching and pulling on my nipples as I let my middle finger
slide against my wet clit. I began to moan and felt myself nearing climax
when Dad suddenly got up and ran to the bedroom shouting, "Paula. Wake
up!"
     I looked at Jim and said, "Oh God. Please! I need you in me!"
     He ripped off his shirt and dropped his pants and shorts to crawl
between my legs to drive his wonderful huge dick into my sopping pussy. I
was so excited I came three times before he collapsed on top of me with
his dick twitching inside me as it pumped semen.
     We just laid there panting until he calmed and said, "You were
fantastic. You could make a great living as a stripper."
     I said thoughtfully, "It might be terribly exciting to get naked in
front of a lot of men but wouldn't you be jealous."
     "Hell no! It would make me proud to know you were exciting them while
only I could have you."
     We went to bed to make love again, this time slowly and dreamily then
fell into a deep sleep.


                                                       Feb 24,1990
Dear Diary,
     I woke early this morning and put on my night gown to go to the
kitchen to make coffee. Mom came in shortly after just wearing her blouse.
I was amazed at her lack of modesty but when I told her I was surprised
she said, "Oh you wouldn't know. After you left your Dad changed his mind
about my modesty and has just had me wear blouses at home. He has always
liked my butt and this makes it easy to lift it up to pat my bottom. He
thinks that humiliates me but actually I kind of like it. Since you have
all seen me naked I thought this would be adequate covering. I don't want
him to get angry and whip me again."
      Actually it was sexier than naked because it barely covered her
bottom. Her pussy would flash when she walked or bent over which also
exposed her breasts since she had not buttoned it all the way up. It was
kind of like a constant strip-tease and I was sure she liked showing
herself off and was just using a possible whipping as an excuse.
     She poured a cup of coffee then asked me to sit down to talk. She was
really excited.
     "Jane, last night was fantastic and I owe it to you and Jim. I had my
first orgasm. Actually a lot of them. I had heard of them but I had no
idea they were so fantastic! You were so right! The whip on naked skin
hardly hurts at all after the first few because I get so excited. It
doesn't bruise like the paddle either. See!"
     She stood up and lifted the back of her blouse to show her buns which
just looked pink and healthy.
     "When your Dad paddled me he just stayed angry while I resented the
lingering pain. But the whip made him very excited and my butt was just
hot enough to remind me of all the sensations from the whip and I had two
great orgasms."
     I thought this was as good a time as any to let her know That I knew
she had become excited by the whip and said, "Are you counting the ones
you received from the whip. I know you had at least one great one."
     She blushed and said, "Oh God! Was it that obvious? I had no idea I
would react that way. Do you think I am crazy?"
     "If you are we both are because I also get fantastic orgasms from the
whip. That is how I knew what was happening to you."
     "Oh God! Do the men know too?"
     Jim does but Dad just thinks it caused greater pain that made you
want to please him. He came out after you had sex to tell us that you were
so afraid you sucked his cock without his having to force you."
     She blushed again then said, "I have always hated to have to do that
but he had made me so excited I thought I owed it to him." She giggled and
said, "I have never seen him so excited. After he came from giving him
head he stayed hard to fuck me until I had another orgasm to put me to
sleep. That is when he must have left me to talk to you. Did you know he
was so excited he came back to wake me to make love again. He had never
done it three times before. It took him a long time to cum which let me
have two more orgasms."
     "Well actually he became re-excited. Jim told him that now that he
knew the proper way to punish he could have you agree to be naked in broad
daylight at home like me. I have really good news for you. He said he is
going to burn the paddle since the whip is so much more effective. Jim is
giving him the whip and will get a new one for me."
     "Oh that is wonderful news. I'll just have to try not to let him know
it gives me orgasms."
     "You don't have to worry about that. Your reactions as you get more
excited just looks like increasing pain and when you cum your screams make
him think he has given you ultimate pain. Jim would never have known it
did that to me if I hadn't told him."
     "God! Why did you tell him. He may make it worse."
     "I wanted to be honest with him. He suspected it anyway since I was
so wet and I didn't want him to do it only because he was mad at me."
     I paused to think a moment then continued, "You know Dad and the
church has always made sex and nudeness seem like a terrible thing. Do you
think the whip allows us to relieve our guilt?"
     "Maybe. If it does that is good because sex was never that great when
I was inhibited. Did he get that excited just imagining me moving around
our house naked in the daytime?"
     "Well not really. When Jim told him he kept me naked at home he kind
of looked at me hungrily and said he had not seeen me naked since I was a
baby. To my embarrassment Jim told him I had changed a lot since then and
had me strip so he could see."
     "Oh that is sick to do that in front of your own father? Why didn't
you refuse?"
     "I thought that was futile. I was sure I would just be punished for
refusing which may be on my naked body anyway."
     "Maybe but maybe not. Your father may have been ashamed to have you
forced to do it. You should have at least had the pride to refuse until
you were actually threatened."
     I said defensively "Jim thought he owed him since Dad had you get
naked."
     "That was different. I was forced to do it. You know how bad the
paddle hurts."
     I replied lamely," It wasn't so bad. They both complimented me on my
beauty and obviously got excited which made me feel proud."
     "Oh I guess it was my fault. I should have made them rip off my
clothes. So you wouldn't think it was okay to strip to make hime come back
so excited."
     That made me feel ashamed. I didn't tell her about the worse part
ofobscene posing and my masturbation.
     About then Jim came in wearing his pajama bottoms. Mom jumped up to
get him coffee.It seemed to me she bent over more than she needed to get
the coffee pot to show her butt and then reached to the top shelf to get a
coffee mug rather than the cups right in front of her, fumbling to keep
her bottom in sight as long as possible. When she poured his coffee she
leaned way over to let him stare at her exposed breasts. I became a little
jealous when Jim said that she looked real cute with just the blouse. I
could hardly believe how much she had changed. I began to think we had
created a monster that would divert Jim's attention away from me. She
finally sat down which hid most of her.
     Dad came in just wearing his shorts. Again I was shocked as I had
never seen him in broad daylight when he was not fully dressed. I jumped
up to get him coffee before Mom could show off again. When I turned back
to him he was staring at me. I looked down and realized that my night gown
was transparent in the bright light of the sun coming through the window.
     Jim noticed that he was staring and said, "Jane is really beautiful
isn't she?  It is a shame to hide her beauty. Jane. Why don't you take off
that nightie so we can appreciate you."
     That was just too strange. Even though Dad had seen me naked it
seemed worse to have them both seeing me. I also knew I would have to
protest to let Mom knew I had some pride. "No! I couldn't. Not in front of
my parents." I thought he may understand but Jim turned to my father and
said, "Before I married her you told me you had trained her to be obedient
and that Paula had explained the facts of life to her. It seems you have
both failed me. Don't you think Jane should be punished until she promises
to obey."
     I was shocked to hear Dad say, "Yes of course. She was always
obedient to me but she may think she is independent now that she is no
longer under my roof."
     He looked so mean I became frightened and tried to run to the
bathroom to lock myself in but Jim caught me.
     He held me tight while I continued to struggle then said, "It is
obvious she does not plan to cooperate in her punishment. She will have to
be tied."
     I hoped Mom would help me but she just looked excited as Jim grabbed
me around my chest, Dad grabbed me around my hips and she held my ankles
to go to a door off the kitchen that went downstairs.
     When we got downstairs Jim turned on the light to reveal pulleys in
the ceiling with ropes going over them ending with padded leather straps
like the ones he had brought to the cabin. I knew I could be tied helpless
to them and began to struggle again. They let me stand on my feet then Jim
pulled my arms behind me. 
     Mom walked up to me and slapped my face! She told me she was ashamed
of me for being such a baby and to stand still. While I stood there
whimpering because the only one I expected to help me was joining them in
my punishment. It seemed so unfair. The only reason I had protested was to
show her I had some pride. As she reached down to bein lifting my nightie
it suddenly occurred to me that she wanted me punished since she had been
and I had made no effort to save her.
     It occurred to me that I may be hurt bad. I whimpered, "No. Don't do
this. I'll take it off and pose anyway you want."
     She stopped holding my nightie at my knees but Jim said, "It is too
late now. You brought this on to yourself."
     She began raising my nightie again slowly glancing at Dad to watch
his reaction as my pussy and then my breasts came into view. Jim released
my arms one at a time so she could get it over my head and toss it into a
corner with a triumphant look on her face.   
     Dad and Jim pulled me over to the ropes and held me while Mom buckled
the manacles on my wrist. She looked crazy with excitement. She put her
mouth to my ear and panted, "Don't fight us. You know how exciting this
will be!" When they pulled my legs about four feet apart to tie my ankles
to the floor she stood behind them out of their sight and began to dig
frantically at her pussy with one hand while she squeezed her breasts with
the other.
     Jim handed Dad the whip and he went to my side to bring the whip
across my butt with a loud "Snap!"  It stung and burned awful while I
screamed and fought my bondage. He hit my thighs and butt over and over at
least twenty times. The burn from the whip and my fighting made my body
hot all over making me soaked in sweat. The heat seemed to lessen the pain
and to make my breasts swell and my clit tingle until I began to be aware
of them even more than the pain.
     He stopped whipping to stand in front of me watching me sob and spasm
then said, "Have you learned your lesson. Will you obey now?"
     I was ashamed that I was becoming aroused by being spanked by my
father. I naturally sobbed agreement to end my ordeal.
     My mother screamed, "She is lying! Spanking just excites her! She
needs real pain!"
     I looked at her in shock since I had forgotten she and Jim were in
the room. She took the whip from Dad who stepped back next to Jim. She
rubbed the thongs against my pussy as she whispered in my ear, "I know now
just how to make you cum. She hit me just below my navel causing searing
heat to go directly to my pussy then began to whip my breasts making them
dance on my chest. She looked demonic as she hit me harder than Jim ever
had causing much more pain. I yelped "No!" at each lash but instead of
sympathy and lesser lashes she snarled, "Have some pride! Take your
punishment bravely!" I just gasped and moaned but then incredibly even
though she hit as hard as ever the pain lessened and excitement began to
rise. I started going into orgasms just as she began hitting upwards into
my pussy. The thongs seemed to go deep inside me bringing the pain and
heat throughout my torso. 
     My orgasms kept getting more powerful until my senses just became
overloaded to cause me to slump in my bonds in exhaustion.
     To my surprise it was Dad who grabbed her arm to say, "I think she
has learned her lesson. Haven't you Jane?"
     He realized I was so overcome I could not answer but was satisfied by
my nodding my head and sobbing. They just stood there watching me avidly
as I hung there shuddering and sobbing. Mom had hit me harder than Jim
ever had and I kind of hated her  when she said excitedly, "Oh. She will
remember this lesson. Look how red her breasts and crotch have become." 
     I was glad to see her recoil when Dad said, "Yes they are swollen
too. Don't expect any mercy from me."
     I calmed enough to plead piteously, "I'll be good. I promise I will
do anything you want. I will never say 'No' again. Please! I promise!"
     They got me loose and let me lie on the floor then Jim went to a sink
to soak towels in cool water that Mom laid over my burning skin till I was
blanketed from my knees to my neck. The heat and pain went away almost
completely. Exhaustion took over and I went to sleep.
     When I woke up I was still lying on the floor covered in wet towels
and alone in the room that was now dimly lit. During my ordeal the room
had been as bright as in full sun.
     I got up to find a towel to dry myself so I could be warm and faced a
mirror. Amazingly the nearly maroon color of my breasts and pussy had
faded to a light red. My body proved she had been meaner than Dad because
my butt was just a healthy pink. I looked around and saw that in the dim
light the manacles and chains hanging from the walls and ceiling made it
look more like dungeons I had seen in horror movies. I had a flashback of
a man being whipped with blood rolling down his back and wrapped the dry
towel around me to escape this place of horror. 
     When I got upstairs they were sitting on the couch fully clothed and
sipping coffee. I still felt cold and asked if I could have some.
     Jim looked at me disapprovingly and said, "My God. Will you never
learn? Who told you to cover yourself?"
     I told him that I was sorry and that I had put on the towel because I
was cold. I let it fall to the floor.
     Mom told me to come over to her. She turned me around slowly while
pointing out the small welts left by the ends of the thongs then she said,
"Jim, the whip is wonderful. I am sure she was in a great deal of pain but
there is hardly any damage to her skin."
     Dad agreed, "Yes it is wonderful. I will use it on you from now on
but of couse you will get a lot more spanks than the paddle and over more
sensitive areas than your butt."
     Mom made a little gasp thinking of it landing on her but I could tell
the idea did not cause her anguish.
     Jim said I could have coffee so I ran to the kitchen to pour a cup
relieved to be away from their prying eyes. I felt even more naked with
them fully dressed and stayed in the kitchen till Jim said, "What is
taking you so long?"
     I went back to them to sit down clenching my legs together and
holding my cup with both hands to sip on it so my arms could cover part of
my breasts. 
     Jim watched me grinning at my discomfort while my parents just
stared. I suddenly realized that I was sucking in my tummy as much as
possible to make what they could see look good for them from their vantage
point on the couch facing me.
     Finally my cup was empty and I had no further excuse to have my arms
in front of my breasts but I continued to hold the cup in front of my lips
trying to think of another way to hide.
     Jim finally got disgusted. "My God. What is it going to take to get
you used to being nude? Do you think you are fooling us with your legs
clenched and holding your cup with two hands to hide your breasts?
     Of course that was the idea but I protested. "No. I always hold my
cup like this." It was an unsuccesful lie.
     "You have made two mistakes. You just lied to me and you said "No".
Come over here." 
     I made a little sob but got up to take the two steps over to him
remembering to let my arms hang down by my sides so his view of my body
would not be obstructed.
     When I stood in front of him I watched anxiously while he slowly slid
his belt out of his pants then rolled it around his fist till about
eighteen inches of it came out of the coil. He told me to give the belt to
my father and sit on the coffee table in front of him with my hands on my
head. I was then to say, "I am a liar. Please whip my breasts ten times."
I knew if I protested I would get something even worse and was glad he was
just wearing a dress belt rather than the big thick belt he wore with his
jeans.
     When I was positioned the way he wanted with my legs wide spread to
be outside his, my elbows back, and my chest pushed out he began to
backhand and forehand my breasts watching them bob and weave from the
impacts with fascination. Fortunately he thought my boobs were super
sensitive so he did not hit hard and it was simply exciting. I made no
protest when I had to repeat everything for Mom and Jim. 
     By the time my poor boobies had absorbed the thirty lashes they were
glowing red, stinging, with a dull ache and swelling. To my shame I was so
excited the coffee table was wet between my legs from the fluid leaking
from my gaping pussy.
     My Dad suddenly stood up rearranging his hard penis so it would not
be so noticable and said, "We have to go if we are to get to the store to
get the supplies to make a dungeon like yours." My insane mother said
excitedly, "Oh yes! I'll help you!"
     When they left  I went to Jim and pleaded, "Oh God! Please make love
to me so I'll know I am forgiven."
     He stood up and said, "Alright. Get me ready."
     I took off his shirt and pants glad to see he wasn't wearing shorts
to reveal his hard penis. I licked and sucked on it until he laid on his
back so I could straddle him to bury that beautiful dick deep into me and
began pumping and gyrating madly while he mauled my red boobs and pinched
the nipples and spanked my bottom until I had a glorious orgasm. Later on
when we went to bed he was so gentle and loving I resolved never to argue
with him about anything he wanted me to do. He obviously knew what was
best for me. I only regretted he had not found me sooner. The little
nubbin hidden by the lips of my pussy was tingling deliciously.
                                                       Feb 25,1990
Dear Diary,   
     Mom called me to say excitedly that they had been able to get the
material to make padded wrist and ankle cuffs and gobs of rope and other
things. He had put pulleys in the ceiling and walls of the garage and had
tied her in an "X" shape that exposed her completely. She said, "He didn't
whip me since I had done nothing wrong but just hanging there deliciously
stretched was enough to excite me. Especially since I imagined I was a
slave about to be whipped in front of a lot of men. I could even imagine
them staring avidly at the open lips of my pussy. It was all I could do
not to beg him to whip me but I was afraid that if he knew it excited me
he may get really mean. I finally got so horny I said if he would let me
down I would suck his cock. Even that was exciting because I still
imagined I was a slave. Best of all my submissiveness made him horny
enough to fuck me twice!"
     "That's great Mom. Maybe now you can have an exciting sex life."
     "Yes. He never cared if I was excited he only thought about himself.
Actually he is still that way. Luckily for me being submissive and being
made to exhibit myself excites me. If I sound funny it is because I am on
a speakerphone. He went to work leaving me naked with my hands handcuffed
behind my back. He also tied skinny rope around the bases of my boobs so
my boobs are round and hard like grapefruit. They are starting to throb
and I am so horny I am going crazy. He said at noon he is going to fuck my
brains out. I am supposed to wait for him with my butt on the footstool
and my shoulders on the floor with my legs wide open so the first thing he
sees when he walks in the door is my open pussy. I can hardly wait. He
thinks that is humiliating but it just seems exciting. I am going to hang
up now because I want to do some exercises to loosen me up so I can get my
legs really open." 
     When Jim got home I told him what she had said. He said they must
have had a lot of suppressed urges because he did not expect them to get
into weird things so soon.  He liked the idea of handcuffs to make me
helpless and added to it by saying I could only be on my knees while I
wore them.  He also brought home a couple of fly swatters made with wire
screen he said should make me super horny. He had me walk over to where he
was sitting on my knees then began slapping my boobs with them. I scurried
over to him eagerly thinking they would just make a little sting but I was
wrong. They really hurt! Especially on my nipples which took most of the
spanks. I was crying before the excitement let me welcome the pain. My
boobs were red and swollen with the nipples sticking out like litttle
hard-ons when he finally stopped to fuck me.

     Dear Diary                              Feb 26, 1990
     Mom called to say, "Oh Jane. Yesterday was fantastic. He must have
been thinking about me on the way home because when he walked in the door
and saw me on the stool he just dropped his pants and fell on me. I don't
think he has ever been in me that deep before. It was marvelous. When we
came he took off the rope and handcuffs and actually apologized for the
bruises they had left on my boobs. I was so grateful for this first sign
of compassion I told him that I loved him and if it excited him to hurt me
I wouldn't mind. I thought he would be grateful but it just made him
curious. He got the whip and had me stand in front of him with my legs
open and my hands on my head and said, 'I am going to make a little
experiment to see how much you are willing to suffer for me. I am going to
spank your tummy, then your boobs and finally your pussy. You can stop me
anytime but after those three if you are willing to take more you will
say, 'Harder'.
     The first three were real light with just a tiny sting. I didn't give
a damn about proving anything. I really did want them harder. Starting
easy and then just a little harder each time made me relish the pain. I
took eighteen with the last three really burning before I was so excited I
moved to him to slide down his body until I was on my knees frantically
sucking his dick. I think I made a mistake. When he fucked me he noticed I
was sopping wet and said, 'That just made you excited. That is either from
letting you have control or else this whip is not severe enough.'
     When he came home he handed me a package with thick round leather
thongs and also some thick plastic coated stranded electrical wire. I am
braiding them to make whips while he is getting us chinese take-out. It is
really strange and frightening to make my own torture instruments. They
are really heavy and I know they will hurt horribly. My only hope is his
promise not to use them unless I am really naughty. I have to hang up now.
I hear his car coming up the driveway."
     I knew he was mean but that sounded horrible. At the same time I was
curious about how they would feel. I actually wondered how many lashes I
could take before fainting. Dwelling on it made me so horny I met Jim at
the door naked and practically ripped off his pants to suck him.
Unfortuneately that just made him grateful and he fucked me with no
whipping. I went to sleep feeling unfulfilled.

Dear Diary                              Feb 27, 1990
     Mom called, She said, "After we had eaten the Chinese. He sat in a
chair fondling his crotch while he watched me braiding the thongs to make
a handle. When I finished the leather one I gave it to him and was
frightened when he brought it down on the coffee table to make a loud
splat! Then he said that the thongs were much longer than they needed to
be and began tieing knots in them. I knew the knots would make it worse. I
was so nervous I made mistakes braiding the wire whip but finally finished
it and gave it to him. He hit the coffee table again to make a loud noise
and shake the table to make me gasp.
     Then he said we should try them out with one by each on my butt. They
looked evil and I protested but he just got mad and said that just for
protesting I would get two with each. He tied me over the back of the
couch evidentally knowing I would run after feeling the first one. It was
terrible! Nothing has ever hurt so much and they left terrible purple
welts. My only consolation is that he knows they don't excite me. I was in
so much pain and so frightened when he tried to fuck me I was so dry he
had to go down on me to get me wet. He must have felt guilty because he
licked me a lot longer than he ever had before to let the pain die. The
terrible thing about it is that I think even these terrible whips would
excite me if he had started easy and slowly hit harder to let me get used
to them.
     When we went to bed he hugged me and said that he was grateful that I
was willing to do almost anything to excite him especially since some
business friends told him their wives were bitches and hardly believed I
would be so compliant. To my shame he even told them I was willing to be
whipped just to excite him.
     I told him I felt humiliated since they would probably tell their
friends. He said they wouldn't because they didn't believe him.
     He laid there a moment and then said, 'I think I will have them over
for dinner friday night so they can see how nice you are. Make that great
prime rib you do so well.'
     I said, 'Oh God. You aren't thinking of making me get naked in front
of them are you?"
     "I don't know. I may get jealous but then it didn't bother me to have
 Jim see you since he said I was lucky to have such a beautiful wife and
it didn't seem to bother you much."
     "But it did! It was horribly embarrassing. You know that! I was
blushing all down my front."
     "Yeah. You are right. I remember I had this great feeling of power to
be able to have you do it."
     Oh Jane. That is what worries me. Having the power may be stronger
than his jealousy. It was bad enough with Jim when I was sure it would be
a secret. I am sure strangers would tell everything. I may have to choose
the whips rather than to show myself."
     I tried to console her saying that Dad would never do that and was
just teasing her but down deep I knew there was a possibility. 
     That is when I realized we were not completely alike. Her description
of the whips frightened me and I knew I could never stand that much pain
while she thought they could be bearable and she seemed genuinely
frightened at the prospect of having to strip in front of strangers while
the thought of me doing it made me wet.
     When Jim got home I told him what she had told me. He didn't seem
surprised that she thought she may be able to stand the new whips saying,
"I think she could get off on them if he started easy. She seems tougher
than you and evidentally thinks you are tough too. Remember, she hit you
harder than your Dad or I did."
     "Yeah but those whips sound awful. They left terrible welts
especially where the knots hit. Don't you think it is strange she would
consider being whipped by them rather than get naked?"
     Maybe not. Your Dad said she has been trained to be modest since she
was tiny. Perhaps she needs the whips to relieve her guilt."
     I changed the subject at that point by asking shyly, "You woulddn't
want to show me off in front of your friends, would you?"
     I was actually disappointed when he said, "God no. My friends would
never be satisfied just to look, and nobody fucks you except me."

Dear Diary                              Feb 28,90
     Mom called to say the dinner was off because Dad's friends would be
out of town for a trial that was running long.  she said she felt a little
confused. She was relieved that the possibility of being stripped in front
of strangers was no longer a threat but at the same time she couldn't help
but be curious as to how that may effect her. She said she had a dream
where they were travelling in Egypt and somehow she had become separated
from Dad and kidnapped. She had been taken to a huge palace where she was
stripped and auctioned off. She said it was horribly embarrassing being
held by two men facing hundreds of men in turbans but at the same time she
felt proud that they excitedly bid thousands of dollars for her. She woke
up just as she was being led offstage.
     I said, "God we are so much alike. I have had dreams like that since
puberty. The good part was that I would be a slave and wouldn't have to
feel guilty about anything that happened."
     "Really! I felt that way too."
     Jim thinks you need the whip to release your inhibitions so you can
really enjoy sex."
     "He may be right but part of it too is the way your Dad has changed.
He used to just get the urge and fuck me slam,bam, thank you mam but now
there is the slow stripping, fondling, whipping and if he thinks I have
been really good he even goes down on me. He never did that before.
Unfortunately he loves blow jobs. They don't do anything for me except
make me feel humiliated especially since he turns the lights up bright and
talks to me all the time calling me his little cocksucker and having me
stop to lick his balls to make it last as long as possible." 
     I hesitantly told Mom that Jim had introduced me to something new. 
He had told me to suck on his penis while he lightly brought the whip over
my back and between my cheeks to slap on my pussy. The humiliation
combined with the stimulation of the whip had made me orgasm and I had
hardly noticed it when he came in my mouth.
     "Oh I can see how that could be good except not with your Dad. He
gets so excited he would hit so hard my pussy would be bloody. You are
lucky Jim has restraint."
     I am anxiously waiting for Jim to come home from work to see if he
has a new adventure for me.
     Jim called from the office to tell me he had a present for me. A new
dress in a box under the bed. He said he was saving it for a special
occasion and decided he wanted to see me in it when he got home.
     I ran into the bedroom and pulled out the box. It carried the label
of an expensive custom dressmaker that made dresses for a perfect fit in
your own or a designer design.
     I hurriedly opened the box to see it was made of white silk. I pulled
it out to see that it was not really a dress but a micro skirt with two
inch wide suspenders. I took off my dress to put it on  and found it was a
hip-hugger design so tiny it barely covered the crack of my bottom at the
top and ended just below my butt-cheeks at the bottom. It would have been
tiny at that but it had also been cut lower at the front so the top would
have barely covered the hair of my pussy if I had any. The suspenders
barely covered my nipples and if I did not keep my chest out they would
fall away to expose them. It dawned on me that although he said it was a
dress he must have meant skirt so I began to look for a suitable blouse.
The only ones I had in white were inexpensive white cotton ones that did
not go with the silk at all. Also the tails of the blouse were too long.
They hung below the skirt and I would have had to tuck them into my
panties which would make a bulge.
     I called him to say that I did not have a blouse that went with it.
He told me that I was not to wear a blouse, bra or panties with it. I was
relieved because now I knew it was just meant to be worn at home to excite
him. I really hoped it worked because I was anxious to find out if I could
get to orgasm without pain. I planned to tease him with it till he took me
to bed. I practiced poses in the mirror until I settled on the one I would
be in when he opened the door where I had my hands on my hips with my
breasts pushed out enough to make the suspenders slightly indent my
breasts and my tummy tucked in so tight the waist band gaped a little at
my crotch. I found if I pinched my nipples they would get hard to
delineate themselves in the soft silk. My legs would be spread just enogh
to raise the skirt barely below the lips of my cunny.
     When I heard his car come into the driveway I struck my pose in front
of the door. To my shock and surprise there was another man who entered in
front of him. I ran to our bedroom to hide.
     Jim came in after me laughing and telling me how funny I looked
running away with my buns flashing. When he stopped laughing he told me to
come out to meet his brother, Jason.
     I saw the humor in my panic and giggled then said I would be right
out as soon as I put on a robe. I was dismayed to hear him say, "No robe.
Just like that. I want him to know what a beautiful wife I have."
     I whimpered,"But I am almost naked. I look like a stripper or
something."
     "Are you arguing with me?"
     That alarmed me. He might let his brother see me punished. I said
quickly, "I'll come out. I just didn't want him to think his sister in law
was a slut."
     "You are a slut at home. You are only a lady when away from this
house. Come out and bring us scotch and waters. You may have a drink too."
     I walked quickly to the kitchen just catching a glimpse of Jason out
of the corner of my eye. I made the drinks with mine a little stronger
since I was so nervous and then as an afterthought took a big swallow
right out of the bottle. 
     I put them on a tray and went out remembering to keep my breasts
pushed out to hide the nipples but when I bent over to serve them I
realized the suspenders had loosened and blushed while Jason slowly
reached up to take his drink while staring at my hard nipples.
     Jim waved me to a chair across from them and I crossed my legs to
hide my pussy although that gave them a great view of my butt.
     I began to think it might not be too bad They seemed to ignore me
while talking about a law case Jim was working on. They finished their
drinks and Jim told me to get refills. I almost relaxed knowing all they
could see on my way out was just the tops of my thighs. I made their
drinks and began to convince myself the skirt was no worse than wearing a
bikini bathing suit.
     This time it was different. When I bent over Jim said, "Jason, you
only got to see Jane in that huge wedding dress. How do you like her in
this one?"
     I blushed all the way down to my stomach when he replied. "That is
some great dress. It really shows off those cute nipples and firm tits.
She has a flat stomach too. Does she exercise a lot?"
     "No, not much. I think it is in the genes. Her mother has a great
body too."
     I blushed even deeper hoping Jim would not tell him how he knew about
Mom's body.
     Then Jim told me to turn slowly so Jason could see me from all angles
while they pointed out what they liked about my face and body. It was so
strange! I appreciated the compliments but they were not addressed to me
for a response. They talked about me as if I was a race horse or other
animal with good muscles.
     Then Jim told me to keep turning with my arms stretched over my head.
I blushed as I turned slowly knowing that pulled up on the suspenders
exposing most of my butt and probably all of my pussy. This was confirmed
when Jason said, "I love the shaved pussy it shows off that tight slit
making her look like a little kid. She is blushing. Is she bashful?"
     "She used to be really shy but she is much better now. Aren't you
Jane?"
     "I am nervous but I will try to be brave for you."
     Jason said, "She has a cute round butt. Just made for spanking. Do
you remember when our cousin Jessica stayed with us for the summer while
her folks were in Europe. You told her if she wanted our birthday presents
she would have to let us give her a birthday spanking."
     "How could I forget!  I was just kidding her. I could hardly believe
it when she just giggled and bent over a chair after sliding her panties
down to her knees."
     "Yeah. That was the first time we had seen a pussy. She was real
brave. We turned her white buns red but all she did was moan and waggle
her butt."
     "Yeah and from then on every time she made a mistake we gave her a
spanking. By the end of summer we had her take off all her clothes and
used willow switches on her."
     "We were really dumb. We didn't know she liked it because she
whimpered while she took off her clothes. We could have made her fuck us
and even suck our dicks. If she hadn't liked it she could have stopped us
anytime by threatening to tell our parents. I was glad to find Jane who
likes it too."
     I was fascinated by the story imagining myself in her place but I
couldn't believe he would tell anyone about me. I blushed and whimpered,
"I don't like it! It hurts. I just let you because I love you."
     I blushed as he said sarcastically, "Yeah. Right." and then went on
to say, "Jason, as small as that dress is it still does not show the
beautiful curve of her upper ass. It will remind you of Jessica. Jane.
Take off the dress so he can see it."
     That was just too much! I was sure that would just lead to having
this stranger spank it. "No! I can't do that! Isn't it enough that I get
naked for you?"
     He got really angry. 
     "Jane! You have disobeyed and you have insulted my brother by
implying that he is not good enough to see you naked!  Jason. Take her
arm."
     They each took an arm and pulled me to the basement. I was completely
humiliated that this stranger would see me punished. If I had an orgasm he
would know that I was a slut. I sobbed plaintively, "No. Nooo. Please no.
I'll be good."
     "It is too late for your lies. You said you would be good last time."
     They dragged me over to the wall and chained my arms to it face out.
I realized with horror that all the lashes would fall on my sensitive
front. Suddenly I hated myself for making Jim hate me and bringing myself
pain for such a stupid reason. The man had seen my pussy. What had I
expected to hide by keeping the silly dress on. When Jim unsnapped the
suspenders to slide the skirt down and off my legs I began to cry from the
humiliation and fear since Jim was so angry.
     Jason got a worried look on his face that Jim must have noticed
because he slapped my face and said, "Try to be brave. You know you
deserve this."
     It was true. If I had just taken off the skirt I would only have been
embarrased by a stranger fondling me. I probably would have enjoyed it in
time. I was angry at myself for being so stupid and took a deep breath to
stop my sobs to say meekly, " I deserve this. It was stupid to refuse you.
Hurt me so I will never do it again." 
     Jim just nodded while Jason looked relieved to let me know he would
have no reservations about whipping me. 
     They lifted my legs till I was doing the splits and clamped my legs
to the wall. The chains loosened to my arms so all my weight spread my
legs even further. I whimpered knowing that made my tender inner lips and
even my clit very vulnerable.
     I sobbed when Jim said evily, "Pay attention Jason. This is how
naughty girls are punished."
     My breasts began stinging terribly as he stood in front of me to hit
my right breast at my cleavage to jerk it out to the side then backhanded
my left then hit them on the outside to make them slap together. On each
one the thongs dragged across my nipples. 
     Then he hit my right tender inner thigh twice then the right lip of
my pussy then the right then two more to my left thigh to finish with one
directed to the center of my gash up from the floor to snap against my
anus then drag up on my clit. It was different than before. It was all
over in seconds. He had hit me so fast I could only respond with flinches
and now I hung there breathing deeply with all my erogenous zones stinging
at once while they stared at me. The stings spread to envelope my body
then just as the stings had me at the height of excitement they began
changing to tingles that rapidly became weaker. I looked at Jim and said
plaintively,"Please." 
     Miraculously he knew my "Please was for more not release. He handed
the whip to Jason saying, "She will let us know when she has had enough.
He must have been fascinated by the way my big boobs had bobbed and weaved
under the lash because he not only hit them like Jim had but also hit them
up and down and directly across the nipples to flatten them. He hit more
slowly to let the sting radiate before the next. It hurt but not
unbearably and I felt excitement rising rapidly. I was near orgasm as
stings covered my inner thighs followed by five up from the floor directly
on my pussy. My response was grunts as I strained to push out my hips to
meet the lash until I had a monster orgasm that made me sigh and go limp.
     I numbly realized he had stopped and they were letting me down. They
put me on a mattress on the floor then Jim took off his pants to drive his
dick into me then rolled me over to put me on top. As I gyrated on his
dick he began slapping my boobs with the backs of his fingers. I was going
into orgasms again when Jason grabbed my head to press his dick against my
lips saying, "You had better get this good and wet." I began licking and
sucking on it while my boobs danced and stung then he suddenly took it
away from me and got behind me to push me forward. I felt the head of his
dick pushing against my tiny puckered anus and moaned, "No. It won't fit!"
     But it wasn't true. With the help of my saliva it began to enter
stretching what I found was an area of sensitive nerves. I was totally
filled inside and began rolling my hips as they pumped while squeezing my
boobs and pinching the nipples. I went from one orgasm directly to
another. When they came Jim rolled me off him onto the mattress where I
laid limply panting and covered with sweat while he said, "Rest awhile.
When you feel up to it come upstairs. Do you understand?"
     I did not remember screaming but I must have because my voice was
hoarse when I said, "Yes."
     I must have gone to sleep for a few minutes, I woke up feeling cold
from the drying perspiration covering my body except for the heat on my
pussy.  I stood up but my legs were stiff from supporting my weight in the
splits so I did some exercise to loosen up before I went up the steps. My
whip was laying on the floor at the entrance to the basement. I picked it
up and carried it to where they were sitting on the couch talking.
     I knelt in front of Jim remembering at the last minute to spread my
legs and said, "I am sorry you had to punish me. I promise to obey you
from now on. I know I promised before but this time I mean it. If not I
will expect you to whip me a hundred lashes with your heavy belt."
     He said, "I have been satisfied. It is Jason to whom you should
apologise." 
     "Yes. Of course. Jason, You wished to see the curve of my butt. When
you tire of looking at it, you may spank it if you wish."
     I moved the coffee table and backed up to him. He began to stroke my
butt and turn me from side to side so he could see it from all angles.
Naturally the stroking and his admiration made me excited then he turned
me to face him and said, Count slowly to twenty. At each count you will
get a lash."
     That increased my excitement as I realized I could start the count
slowly to build my excitement to the point I could take them faster to
reach orgasm.
     I bent over to hold on to his knees as instructed and began to count.
He was good with the whip. Even though he could not see it he made the
ends of the lashes hit one cheek and then the other. He was not hitting
hard enough! Even though I quickened the count I was simply getting
excited. He must have decided he had hit my butt enough because he lowered
the lash to beging curling it around my thighs the ones to my left thigh
occasionally let the ends snap on my pussy. At twenty he stopped as I
panted and pulsated at the edge or orgasm.
     Jim said, "Isn't she wonderful. Who do you know that would accept
that punishment without protest."
     "None. She is wonderful!"
     I was just on that terrible edge before orgasm and needed to get over
and also felt I should suffer more since I was being complimented for
something that only excited me.
     Before he could say anything I moved back to his arms length dropped
to my knees, put my hands behind my head to push out my breasts and said
quaveringly, "I can take more. Would you like to spank my boobies too?"
     He bwcame very excited, his voice caught as he asked, "Oh God yes!
would twenty be too much?"
     "No. No limit. Hit me until you believe I have suffered enough."
     It didn't work out as I expected. he just hit hard enough to make
them sting as they jumped. Around thirty I went into orgasm and screamed.
He must have thought he really hurt me because the lash that got me over
was right across both nipples. He dropped the whip  and I scrambled over
to Jim to put my head in his lap to wail. "I am sorry he made me cum. I
couldn't help it. I feel I betrayed you!"
     He said that he had risked that but in fairness since I had cum they
should have the same pleasure. He put me on my hands and knees and said I
should suck Jason's dick while he fucked my ass. I said excitedly, "I will
be happy to do that if you will forgive me."  
     I assumed when he said he would fuck my ass that he would just enter
my pussy from behind. He said that I should lick his dick first to make it
slick to enter me. That made it plain he was going to use my rectum. I had
learned that if I yawned I could let a penis go into my throat. Just as I
accomplished this feat with my nose in Jason's pubic hair I felt
stretching and tearing sensations as Jim drove his dick in my rectum. It
was total humiliation which I felt I deserved. Knowing this let me enjoy
the sensations of the stretch and filling of my bowel along with the
occassional suffocation as Jason's dick filled my throat but even that was
not bringing me to orgasm until I heard Jim say,"You do her left side.
I'll do the right." then there were stings to the outsides of my boobs and
I realized they were hitting me with their belts. The stings were almost
constant as one raised his belt while the other hit with stings moving up
and down my body from my boobs to my pussy until I began a series of
orgasms that didn't end until they came and pulled back from me.
     Jim rolled me over on my back and they laid beside me idly stroking
my breasts and pussy while I fondly played with their now soft dicks.
     I was really enjoying the caresses as a sign of their love and
gratefulness of my services until their breathing got back to normal.
     Jim said he was dying of thirst and got up to bring back three beers.
We leaned against the couch sipping them as I spread my legs hoping they
would go back to fondling my pussy.
     Then Jason kind of sighed and said, "Jesus, talking about Jessica
brought back powerful memories. It made me so horny that for years I only
had to remember her trembling under the switches to get me hard enough to
jerk off.She was so brave! She knew it would hurt but made no protest when
she undressed to hug a tree and just gasp as the switches stung her ass
and thighs. I never had the nerve to tell her to turn around so I could
hit her pussy and those cute little round boobs. I always wondered if she
would have been brave enough to turn around. I wish I had another chance."
     Jim said, "I think she was like Jane and would have done it but it
just seemed like too much to ask for at the time."
     Jason said, "Jane took a lot of pain but she was tied and I know
leather thongs hurt less than switches."
     I saw what this was leading to and it frightened me, I whimpered, "Oh
no! You wouldn't do that. It would hurt awful. You have whipped me,
sodomized me and made me suck your dicks. Isn't that enough?"
     Jim said, "That has nothing to do with this. You got off on the
whipping and fucking. I want to show Jason how brave you are by accepting
something that probably won't let you have orgasms."
     That was what frightened me. Even the whip that eventually brought
orgasms hurt at first. This might just be ever increasing pain. I moaned,
"Oh please no. Jason. You don't want to hurt me bad do you?"
     I got some hope when Jason said, "Hey man. Let's just forget it. If
she can't do it without protesting it won't be the same." 
     Jim said, "No. She is just afraid because this is new and she doesn't
know if it will get her off. Jane. You are embarrassing me with your
cowardice. If you don't agree I will have to punish you with one of your
Dad's whips until you bleed."
     That frightened me even more and I thought it might not be too bad
since Jessica took it although it was just on her relatively insensitive
butt. I moaned, "No. I'll do it."
     That wasn't good enough for him. He made me go to Jason and plead,
"Please switch me just like you wanted to do Jessica."
     I felt a sense of relief. I was committed now and it would soon be
over but they were in no hurry.
     Jim said, "Okay. Get the cleaver out of the kitchen and cut a couple
of switches off the willow tree."
     I got the cleaver and started out the door thinking I would just cut
little ones when Jim said, "Make them as long as you are tall." I sobbed
knowing that would make them thicker and give them a lot more leverage but
kept going out as Jim turned on the yard lights so they could watch me out
there naked picking out my instruments of torture. It was frightening but
at the same time I felt some excitement imagining myself bravely accepting
this new pain.
     I cut three or four before finding a couple of straight ones slightly
longer than my five foot three and began dragging them back. When I came
back I defiantly held them up and said, "Are these long enough?"
     Jim said, "Yeah but we aren't going to hit you with leaves. Strip off
the leaves and little branches."
     I used the sharp cleaver to strip them and fright returned when I had
finished. Switch was a euphenism. These looked like long skinny whips.
Fright returned as they had said they had caused welts on Jessica and I
was sure they wouldn't have had the nerve to cut switches this big.
     My nerve was rapidly leaving me so I said, "I am ready now." to get
it over with quickly but they seemed to want my ordeal to last. They had
me take different poses lying back over furniture and standing while they
held the switches against my breasts and pussy to let me imagine how they
would feel hitting that place. They finally decided it would be best to
have me stand with my arms over my head and my legs apart.
     I knew I could never hold that position while being hit and pleaded,
"No. It is not fair. Jessica got to hold onto the tree. Tie my arms up or
at least let me hold on to something." 
     Jason thought that was a good idea. "If she went out and held onto a
tree limb it would be more like Jessica."
     Jim agreed and led me out to a tree with a limb low enough for me to
hold onto with my legs spread. Fear returned but at least I thought my
ordeal would soon be over.
     I had to wait trembling while Jim aimed the floodlights on the house
towards me lighting my torso and face. It was like I was on a stage. The
bright lights in my eyes made the lawn look black and my imagination took
over. I thought there could be hundreds of people out there looking at me.
I even began imagining shuffling feet and whispers from the breeze
rustling leaves.
     Jim returned so I could see him and said, "Yeah that is great. We can
see her as well as Jessica in the sun. How do you like being in the
spotlight, Jane?"
     "Oh. I feel terribly naked. There could be strangers out in the dark
looking at me."
     Jim grinned and said, "Yeah I bet you do. Jason a week ago it was all
she could do to get naked in front of me in the house."
     Jason laughed then said loudly, "Here she is folks. How do you like
these big tits and sweet pussy." 
     Jim stepped back into the dark to clap his hands and whistle to
increase my illusion of a crowd. Eerily that helped. I gripped the limb
tightly and resolved to be brave so I would not look like a coward in
front of my audience.
     Then Jason reminded me I would be in pain by laying the switch
against my stomach below my navel and moving back sliding it over my skin 
as he stepped back so the skinny point rested on the juncture of my waist
with my hips.
     I had to know when the ordeal was over and said, "How many times will
you hit me."
     Jason said, "I don't know. I guess whenever we think you have had
enough."
     That could be hundreds I sobbed, "I am being Jessica. Why don't you
hit me the same amount you hit her." I was sure that would just be a few
since they had been worried she may tell on them. That hope was crushed
when Jim said, "That is a great idea. Jessica was thirteen and took twenty
six. You are twenty one so you get forty two."
     I sobbed but there was no use protesting since it had been my idea.
     Then Jason said, "Since being naked embarrasses her lets just give
her a red bikini."  
     Jim agreed and I moaned, "Oh nooo" realizing that meant all the
lashes would land on my boobs and crotch. 
     Actually that turned out to be best since they decided to do the back
of the bikini first and that they shouldn't hit much harder than they had
Jessica.
     They had me turn around then stood on each side of me to take turns
making even stripes on my ass. It hurt worse than the whip to make me gasp
and flinch at each one but they used up a lot of their lashes to get it
evenly red and to my surprise by the time they got to the bottom of my
butt to make the stings very close to my pussy I became excited enough to
begin enjoying the sensations.
     They turned me around and now the increased stings became almost
constant as they went back and forth from my boobs to my crotch. By about
the tenth something snapped in my mind. Suddenly the stings became good
sensations and there was a roaring in my ears that seemed to come from the
unseen crowd. The combination of exhibitionism and pain brought me to
orgasm just as they caused sharper stings by aiming to let the end of the
switches hit my nipples and by coming down diagonally enter my slit to
pull the lips open while I rocked my hips to meet the tips.  
     Suddenly they stopped whipping me to stand silently avidly staring at
my body with my "Red Bikini" glowing in the bright lights from the sweat
covering me while I pulsated with aftershocks from the powerful orgasms.
     Finally I calmed enough to just breathe deeply with occasional
tremors with my hands still locked to the limb having forgotten I was
untied.
     I was reminded I was free when Jason said in awe, "Jesus. She is
unbelievable. She could have let go and ran away but she didn't, even at
the ones to her nipples that made her scream. She was excited by it! Look
at her pussy! It is dripping from her juices."
     Jim didn't say anything he just walked up to me. I brought down my
hands to hold his head as I gave him a deep kiss then said, "I'm sorry you
had to whip me. I promise I will be good and never object to anything you
want again."
     I slid down his body with my red swollen boobs so sensitive I could
feel his body hair to fondly lick and kiss his dick now so hard it was
throbbing. He sat down on the grass and I took his dick in my mouth to rub
it with my tongue and to bury my nose in his pubic hair to let it go down
my throat. 
     Jaso got between my legs to push his dick into my pussy from the
rear. I let my back bow so he could get it in me as deep as possible while
he twiddled my engorged clit with his fingers.
     It was the perfect ending. I went from the gut wrenching orgasms from
pain to pleasant loving ones until they came. I sucked every drop of gism
from Jim and used my vaginal muscles to milk Jason until they rolled away
from me.
     Jim just hugged me smiling but Jason could not get over what he had
seen and done. He kept saying how brave and awesome I was until I finally
felt embarrassed and said, "I wasn't so brave. You know that it eventually
excited me."
     "Yes but that isn't the point. I know a lot of girls that would
eventually become excited from being whipped but none of them would agree
to posing the way you did not knowing how badly we may hurt you. Most men
have fantasies about having a girl slave. I know men who would have paid a
lot to see the show you put on."
     I was sure he would. Jim had told me he owned a string of strip
clubs. That brought back the fantasy of a crowd out in the dark that had
helped me bear the first terrible part of my switching.
     The thought fascinated me and I said, "Just standing there being
whipped doesn't take any talent. Do you really think men would pay to see
it?"
     "Are you kidding. Two of my girls have a little act where one is a
teacher and the other is a student who gets spanked. She just uses a thin
strap that barely turns the skin pink but the guys go wild. If you want to
make some money I can set it up."
     Before I could even think about it Jim said, "Forget it. I don't need
my wife to whore."
     Jason protested, "Whoa. She wouldn't be fucking anyone!"
     "I don't care. If she would excite them that would be selling sex.
Now the show is over. Why don't you go home."
     "Hey man. I didn't mean to piss you off."
     "You haven't. It is just late and we need to get to bed."
     Jason left reluctantly and I hugged Jim saying, "Are you mad at me
too?"
     "Yes. You made no protest about Jason fucking you and enjoyed it."
     I was honestly confused and said, "I thought that was what you
wanted."
     "No. I wanted you to prove you would suffer for me. Fucking my
brother was not suffering."
     "But you should have stopped him."
     "No. You should have protested. Now I know you are just a slut out
for thrills."
     That hurt, especially now that I knew it was true. I knew that if
they hadn't fucked me I would have begged for it. The only thing I could
think of to say was, "I'm sorry. Are you going to punish me more?"
     "No. I think you would just be excited by it. I am going to have to
think of a punishment you won't like."
     That didn't worry me. I couldn't think of anything worse than the
switches and even they had turned me on eventually."
     We went to bed and he pushed me away to show he was still mad. I was
still too excited to sleep. My skin was still tingling from the switching
especially near my clitoris so I began caressing it as I fantasized about
being whipped in front of a crowd. I made a big production of it. I was
hung from the ceiling and covered with several veils. Jason's dancers were
dancing around me nude carrying whips. Occassionally one would rip off a
veil which brought a lot of applause from this huge audience. Finally I
was naked and they danced closer to hit me. My boobs, butt and pussy
trembled with each lash in time with the heavy beat of the music. It is a
wonder I didn't wake Jim with my trembling and moans as I brought myself
to climax.
     He left in the morning saying, "You aren't off the hook. You may be
punished."
     I wasn't worried. Each "Punishment" seemed to bring me to an even
higher plane of eroticism.
      I spent the rest of the day reliving the night before and playing
with myself but I have become so jaded I just can't get off with
masturbation anymore. 
     I have lost all my inhibitions. When the paper came I went out stark
naked to get it actually hoping someone would see me. Chances were slim
since we have a long driveway with a tall hedge but there was just enough
chance that a man might walk through the space in the hedge for the drive
way to excite me.
     All the compliments have made me terribly vain.I spend a lot of time
studying my body in the mirrors and have resolved to exercise every day to
keep it looking good.

                                                       March 1,1990
Dear Diary,
     Jim called this morning to say that he was meeting some clients for
dinner and that they were bringing their wives. He thought I should go but
since I did not have a cocktail dress I should meet him after work to buy
one for me. I was not really interested in dinner but I loved the idea of
new clothes and the fact Jim seemed no longer mad. I was browsing through
fashion magazines to see what cocktail dresses were in fashion. I had to
hurry and dress to meet Jim.
     He took me to the nicest store in town. I was overwhelmed by the
choices so he picked out a half dozen cocktail dresses then followed the
salesgirl and me into a large dressing room. I waited for her to leave but
she said "I can't fit you till you try one on."
     Jim laughed at my discomfort and said, "She is trying to tell you to
take off your clothes Jane."
     I took off my suit jacket, skirt and blouse and stood there waiting
for her to hand me a dress. She told me these dresses didn't need a full
slip. I blushed as I took it off in front of this strange girl and she
noticed. She said amuzed, "She is blushing. Isn't that cute. Where did you
find such a bashful girl, Sir?"
Jim chuckled and replied, "I thought she was over that. She runs around
stark naked at home."
     I blushed even deeper. I could hardly believe he was telling her that
I was so brazen.
     She giggled and said, "That must want you to hurry home."
     Then she turned to me and said, "My God. Where did you get that ugly
underwear? I'll get you something nice."
     I did not know where Dad bought our underwear. I had a big cotton bra
that even hid my cleavage and panties that came over the top of my navel.
     She came back waving some black lacy things and went behind me to
unclasp my bra. It was weird. I had fantasized about being stripped in
front of strangers but now that it was happening with only an unlocked
door between me and hundreds of customers I became embarrassed and
clutched the cups of my bra. I said, "Please let me change behind the
screen."
     Jim had no sympathy, He said, "Don't be ridiculous. She is a woman.
She isn't interested in you. You must have showered after gym in school
with other girls."
     "No. I changed behind my locker door and showered at home. You know
my dad wanted me to be modest."
     "You aren't with your Dad anymore. Let go of your bra."
     I let out a little sob and let my hands fall to my sides. the bra was
so stiff it clung to my boobs.
     She seemed to enjoy my submissiveness grinning at Jim as she said,
"Very nice. You have her well trained."
     Jim said, "Thanks but she still needs to obey without protest."
     She pulled off the straps off my shoulders and let the bra slide off
my arms.
     Then she began measuring them. I had never been measured for a bra
before but she seemed to be unnecessarily thorough. She brought the tape
under each boob to lift it and measure the circumference then pressed the
end against each nipple to measure the distance from my nipple to the
small crease at the base. Then she carefully put the tape over both
nipples then sawed it back and forth. My nipples lengthened and I blushed
even more as I saw them bending from side to side. I could also see her
face in the mirror and doubted her lack of interest since she was staring
at me as avidly as any of the men.
     I gasped when she brought her arms around me and lifted my boobs in
each hand and bounced them saying, "They are quite heavy but she has good
muscle tone. Would you prefer a light sexy bra or a push up that would
make them look like this." At that she gripped my boobs and lifted them to
create cleavage almost to my neck."
     Jim said, "Just a light one. She has enough cleavage."
     She let her hands slide up my boobs to pinch my nipples btweeen her
thumb and fingers lifting and stretching them as she said, We have a bra
with cutouts for these cute pink nipples. Would you like that?"
     It was just too much and I grabbed her hands to pull them away.
     She just grinned and said, "Would that be considered a protest?"
     Jim said, "Yes and she will pay for it."
     She said, "Do you spank her or whip her?"
     I couldn't believe it. She asked so matter of factly as if being
whipped was common.
     Jim made it worse by calmly saying, "Both, but she prefers the whip."
     "Yes. My girlfiend does too, She thinks spanking are childish. WE
don't have a soundproof apartment so I usr a staightened wire coat hanger.
It is completely silent and so accurate you can punish areas that won't
show even in the skimpiest bikinis. I understand it stings a lot. It only
takes a few to make her promise to be good. You have to be careful. It can
cut the skin."
     I felt a wave of excitement hit me as I imagined the stiff wire
stinging my nipples and pussy.
     Then she turned to me and pinched my nipples and tugged on them
again. It took all my willpower to keep my hands at my sides as I trembled
and moaned until she released them to say, "She seems to have the idea now
but I discovered something that reminds a girl to be good. Would you like
to see it?"
     Jim said, "Sure. I am always interested in things to teach her proper
discipline."
     She went to a hook on the wall and returned with a skirt hanger with 
spring clips to hold the waist. I cringed expecting to be hit with it.
That may have been better. She squeezed open the clips and slid it up my
breasts then let the clamps snap shut on my nipples. I gave a squeal of
pain as my nipples were bitten then another when she dropped the hanger to
cause a sharp bite. It hurt and I sobbed when she said, "We'll just leave
this on as a reminder." since each second seemed to make it worse.
     Then Jim got up to come over saying, "What a great idea. I could use
this to tie her." I mooaned, "Oh! Oh! no." as he raised the hanger to lift
my boobs and stretch my nipples. He dropped it to cause another squeal as
she said, "A little imagination can show you a lot of things that cause
pain with no noise. Clothespins are good as well as the little alligator
clamps you find at electronic stores even common items such as pushing a
stiff broom into nipples or clit is very effective. I do a lot of shopping
it is fun to find things that no-one would suspect could be torture
instruments."
     Then she began removing my panties making it a strip-tease by slowly
rolling down the waist. It would have been sexy but all I could think of
was the clamps biting me.
     Then she was staring at my pussy!
     She said awestruck, "Wow! I trim my pubic hair too but she is
absolutely bald. She looks like a baby. Do you shave it or pluck it?"
     Then Jim embarressed me even more by saying, " Shaved but she will
pluck it from now on. I don't want the hair to get coarse. She has a cute
pussy, doesn't she?"
     I was mortified, again people were talking about me as if I was some
kind of animal.
     She felt my pussy and said," it is beautiful. It is nice and soft but
looks tight."  At that she made me gasp as she pinched the lips to pull
them open and let go to let them snap shut. She laughed and said, "Oh
yeah. Great muscle tone. It must feel great." she laughed when Jim said he
could vouch for that.
     She unhooked the straps on the panties and hooked them arond me. The
panties were just a tiny lace triangle for my pussy with little strings
going up the crack of my butt and around my waist but even that was better
than naked in front of her grinning face.
     Then she stood up and said the first dress did not need a bra.
Fortuneately she had to take off the hanger to put on the dress. I
squealed in surprise as sharp pain hit my nipples as the blood returned.
     When she pulled the dress down over my head I knew why there was no
need for a bra. There was no room for one the top was just an inverted
triangle with metal in the top to hold its shape. She bent the ends of the
wire to indent the sides of my breasts and looped some tiny string around
my neck to loosely hold up the top. She pulled down the waist till it
tightend over my hips then turned me so I could see myself in the mirror.
It was made of a beautiful silky material. The skirt reached to my ankles
but the top barely covered my nipples and bared almost all of my tummy.
When I turned sideways to the mirror I saw that the sides of my breasts
bulged out from it and the skirt was slit at the side nearly to the waist.
I was about to say that I could not be seen in public like this when Jim
said, "We don't need to see anything else. I like this." 
     As an afterthought he also bought a micro dress of cashmere that the
girl said would cling to my curves.
     Thankfully a little black fake fur jacket came with it to hide my
breasts but I found out while walking to the car that the slit at the
sides opened up to show the sides of my legs up to my waist. I had to
remember to take short steps. As we rode I still felt excited and finally
admitted to myself that I was a born exhibitionist and would never object
again about being stripped in front of anyone.
     Jim said, "That is an ideal job for a girl like her."
     I said innocently, "What do you mean."
     He laughed and said, "Obviously she is a lesbian. It must be nice for
her to have girls naked around her all day."
     I suddenly felt very dirty. That explained her staring and fondling.
I said stricken, "Oh God. That is terrible."
     "Why?"
     "Daddy says homosexuals are terrible perverts and so does the bible.
You let her fondle me and hurt me."
     "Your Dad is incredibly intolerant. Get over it. I may have her come
to the house. I have never watched two girls make love."
     I was sure that would send me to hell and cried, "No. Please don't. I
would rather be whipped until I bleed."
     He just grinned and said, "We'll see."
     I shuddered knowing that was just one more threat hanging over my
head.
     We met his clients at the restaurant and went to the bar to have a
few drinks before dinner. After a drink and seeing that the other women
also had low cut dresses I began to relax. Then Jim said that I must be
hot and took off my jacket. They stared at my breasts and I realized the
top of my nipples were showing. I blushed and pulled up on it but I could
only get it barely above them.
     Jim said, "How do you like that dress? I just bought it for her. It
really shows off her great tits and tiny waist. Jane. Stand up so they can
see your flat tummy."
     I blushed and said that they would not be interested but one of the
women said she would like to see it. If the diet she was on worked she
would want to show off a small waist. Jim looked at me menacingly so I
stood up and at their direction slowly turned around. I realized I was not
just showing them. I was showing myself to everyone in the bar. I was
embarressed but at the same time I was proud that all the men stared at me
hungrily.
     After a few drinks we we went from the bar to the restaurant. I got
even more attention from the people waiting in the lobby waiting for
seats. Jim was hurrying so I was taking long steps causing my legs to
flash through the slit clear to my butt and my breasts were jiggling as my
high heels hit the floor. The men waiting were wide eyed. Jim was called
to the phone. I used the opportunity to wait for him then I lifted one leg
and bent over to tighten my shoe. That let them see my nipples and the
bottom curve of my butt. The men grinned and looked excited while the
women stared at me with pure hate. I don't know what made me feel best,
The obvious admiration of the men or the jealousy of their wives.
     We had a very nice dinner with wine. Jim was happy when he was told
they would send all their legal work to him.
     We started home with me feeling slightly giddy from the drinks and
wine. Jim made me proud by saying that I was the most beautiful woman
there and that his guests had loved me. Sadly he had drunk and eaten too
much and was asleep before I finished my shower.

Dear Diary,                             March 2, 1990

     After last night I totally gave in to my exhibitionaism. I stayed
naked all morning posing in front of mirrors and  even went out naked to
lie by the pool. It had a fence around it but I could imagine airplanes
flying over may see me which made me excited enough to masturbate . That
is when I discovered I had become jaded. Right after marriage I only
needed a few touches to have an orgasm while fantasizing about Jim making
love to me but now I could only get a little excited.
     I went into the house to look for clothespins thinking a little pain
would help me get over the edge to orgasm. Before I could find anything
the phone rang. It was Jim. He told me that he had a meeting with my Dad
and had told him that I was still protesting things. Dad had suggested
that he get a whip like his and since Jim was too soft-hearted my Dad
would do the whipping if I did not cooperate completely.  He told me to go
to the store and get four thongs to braid for a handle then tie knots
about three inches apart. He wanted it done for his inspection when he got
home.
     I knew from Mom the whip was terrible and whimpered, "You won't need
it. I will be good and obey you."
     "You have said that before. Seeing the whip on our wall should remind
you to be good."
     At least he had not threatened to whip me for my past transgressions
and I had to agree it would be a deterrent to any future objections.
     I hurriedly dressed but now the dress, pamties, and bra seemed
horribly confining. I stripped again and put on a white micro-skirt then
began looking for a blouse. All of them buttoned to the neck and even with
buttons undone it stayed nearly closed. I had an inspiration. I went to
his underwear drawer and put on one of his underwear shirts with shoulder
straps and open arm-pits. It was perfect. All my cleavage showed and from
the sides If I held out my arms the sides of my boobs were bared. Even the
area covered was sexy because the material clung to my boobs and was so
thin you could see the darker skin of my nipples.I decided that my flat
tummy everyone like should show too and marked the shirt with a magic
marker then took it off to cut off the bottom. I got a little carried away
I had cut it so short it barely covered the bottoms of my boobs and when I
lifted my arms over my head the shoulder straps raised it high enough to
show my nipples. I looked great but I wanted even more of my tummy to show
so I unbuttoned the skirt and folded under the waistline to lower it
enough to show the dimples on my butt and bring the front down to the hair
line if I had any.
     I got in the car to go to the western store for the leather. Just by
putting both hands at the top of the steering wheel the bottoms of my
boobs showed. I was thrilled all the way to town as men in the other
traffic lane stared at me. At the first stop light I slid up my skirt to
let my bare ass rest on the seat. My pussy was still hidden by the skirt
but that was about all and the leather seat felt very sensual.
     The stores tiny parking lot was full and I had to park two blocks
away. On the way I went past a construction site and men began hollering
and whistling at me. Just a few weeks ago that would have humiliated me
but now I was just thrilled and waved at them to nearly bare my undulating
right boob. They went crazy which just thrilled me more. As I walked by
one man he said, "What are you charging for that sweet ass?" I realized
they all thought I was a hooker but that just thrilled me more as I
speculated about what they would pay to fuck me. My ego imagined the price
in the hundreds.
     At the store it was easy to find the leather thongs described to me.
They were almost a half-inch thick, rounded and about five feet long. I
picked out four of them noticing they were heavy and stiff.  When I turned
around I noticed the clerk was staring at me along with a couple of men
customers. I don't know what got into me. I bent over to rummage around in
a bin on the floor containing buckles I had no interest in. This not only
bared my ass and pussy but also let the shirt slide off my boobs. I held
that pose for a moment waggling my butt and letting my boobs sway while I
heard them whispering behind me. When I stood back up and pulled down the
shirt then turned around I saw definite lumps in their pants and  a look
of excitement on their faces that added to my thrill.
     I went to the counter and the clerk stammered "What are you getting
these for?" I don't know if he expected me to admit I was making a whip
but he looked disappointed when I said, "They are for a macrame project."
     "They are pretty stiff to tie knots in. You should let them soak in
oil for about an hour to make them soft."
     That appealed to me. They were stiff and rough and I had worried that
they may abrade my skin. Soft would make it better so I bought a quart of
oil from him."
     I could feel their eyes staring at me as I left the store so I
exaggerated the sway of my hips which also made my boobs move.
     When I neared the construction site men began running toward the
fence for a closer look. I grinned and waved with both hand to show them
my naked swinging boobs. I felt real satisfaction as their foreman yelled
at them to get back to work and they ignored him to watch my hips sway as
I walked on down to my car.
     I raised my skirt again and laid the thongs across my thighs. The
feel of them along with the fear of how they would feel hitting me had me
so excited by the time I got home I immediately laid on the floor and
rubbed them against my pussy until I had a good orgasm.
     After resting a moment I got up and got a large shallow pan to coil
them in and poured on the oil. As the oil sunk in they seemed to take on
life to look like skinny snakes. As I watched them I fondled my clit and
imagined all the scenarios I could be in to feel their bite. It ranged
from hanging from a tree limb in firelight while indians danced around me
to hanging from a basketball net in the bright lights with thousands of
screaming fans. That allowed another orgasm.
     I took them to the sink to pull each of them though my fist to remove
the excess oil. They were much softer now but they also seemed heavier.
     I braided the handle and then tied knots in each strand but the
thongs were too slick to pull the knots tight so I walked naked to the
garage to pinch the ends in the vise then pull with both hands to make
small hard balls.
     I took the whip to our bedroom to hang it next to my other whip and
then stared at it. It really looked evil and I became afraid. Finally I
had to know what it would feel like and swung it around my stomach as hard
as I could to let the knots hit my ass.
     It was awful! I swear I could feel each knot causing a deep sting
followed by an ache. There were tears in my eyes as I dropped it in
horror.
     I was still whimpering when I called Jim and said, "My whip is
finished. It is awful. You will never need it. There is nothing you can
have me do that would be as bad as having it hit me."
     "We'll see about that. I am bringing guests home for drinks. Wear the
micro-dress with the cut-out bra and the tiny panties, make some canapes,
and stock the bar with ice."
     I said fearfully, "Is it my Dad?"
     "No. Just a couple. Don't worry. You shouldn't be whipped."
     I was relieved. When he brought Jason home I had been nearly naked.
Although the Micro-dress was short it hid me completely so maybe this
would just be a simple get together with a client. There was an implied
threat in his statement, "I shouldn't be whipped." so I thought there was
a possibility I would be told to strip but that no longer bothered me or
any sex act I may be asked to perform.
     I made the canapes naked to make sure I would not stain the dress,
Filled the ice container at the bar and put the canapes in the fridge
while I showered and made up before dressing. 
x I put on the panties smoothing the softy silky gauze over my pussy
noting that they were just like a second layer of skin following the
contours perfectly then put on the bra. I tightened the string around my
back to make my boobs bulge just a little over the top. I pulled my
nipples through the holes and found that the material was stiff at the
holes to dig into the skin to hold them out. I couldn't resist twiddling
them with my thumbs to make them stand out then posing in front of the
mirror realizing how vain I had become.
     When I put on the dress the soft cashmere was just like a long
sweater. Except for the vee neck I was completely covered but it was still
like being naked since it was tight enough to follow my curves. My nipples
made bulges and it even showed the muscle in my tummy. I turned to see the
back and found it clung to my buns. The bow holding my panties showed so I
lifted the hem to tuck it into the crack of my butt. That made it perfect.
Anyone seeing me would swear that I was completely naked underneath it. I
unzipped the back to tighten the bra a little more to make more cleavage
and felt the holes digging deeper into the aurola of my nipples. I spent
the rest of the time posing in front of the mirror noting just how far I
could bend over before my butt cheeks showed and lifted my arms to see the
bottom of the vee of my panties come into view.
     Then I heard his car coming into the driveway and ran to open the
door anxious to hear his compliments.
     As soon as he entered the door I turned slowly in front of him and
said, "Does the dress make me look good?"
     He laughed and said, "You have really become vain. When we married
you wouldn't have been caught dead in something so revealing."
     "Oh I know but you have made me proud of my body and I exercise every
day to keep it nice for you."
     Then I noticed he was carrying Dad's big wood paddle.
     I said, "Oh you aren't going to hit me with that are you? It makes
terrible bruises that are ugly."
     "That depends on you. Your Dad said I should hang it on the wall and
just seeing it would help keep you in line."
     "Ooh you won't need it. I'll be good. I promise."
     "Maybe. Show me the whip you made."
     I ran to get it and handed it to him. I stood there trembling afraid
he may want to try it as he ran the thongs through his fingers making them
separate as the knots popped through.
     He looked up at me and said, "It looks really evil doesn't it?"
     "Oh it is. When I finished it I hit myself just once to see how it
would feel. Look what it did to me."
     I turned to lift my skirt to show him there was still red polkadots
where the knots had hit.
     He said, "That doesn't look so bad."
     "Yes but I hit my butt hours ago. There were red lines and blossoms.
It hurt awful."
     "Good. Between this and the paddle I shouldn't have any more trouble
with you."
     "Oh no. You won't. I never want to be hit again with either one of
them."
     "Good. Make a pitcher of martinis. Our guests will be here soon."
     I was still stirring them when the doorbell rang. I sucked in my
tummy hoping I would get compliments from his guests.
     I put two glasses on the table and turned to see the girl who had
dressed me in the store! She was wearing a black trenchcoat in spite of
the heat.
     Jim said, "Welcome. May I take your coat. We have your Russian vodka
martini waiting."
     She smiled and took off her coat. She was only wearing a tiny leather
bikini. There were cutouts in the bra to reveal large brown nipples and
handcuffs hanging from the sides of the bikini bottom. That is when I
noticed a leash loop in a handcuff that led to a neck collar on a little
blonde girl on her hands and knees.
x    Jim pulled out two chairs from our game table and waved her toward
othem. She headed that way but my eyes were locked on the little blonde
following humbly on her hands and knees. She had a nice figure with boobs
nearly as big as mine that swayed gently with her movements.
     The sales girl sat down and picked up her martini while the blonde
stopped at the end of her leash still looking down at the floor. She
looked terribly vulnerable.
     Jim said, "You were never formally introduced to Jane. Jane say hello
to Monica."
     She looked frightening to me in her outfit bristling with short nails
and chains. I quavered, Hello."
     She didn't answer me. She just turned to Jim and said, "Ah yes. The
girl from the store. I made a good choice of the dress. It looks good on
her but as we discussed at home she should be naked and kneeling awaiting
your next command."
     "Yes but I thought you may enjoy her being humbled by stripping and
getting into position not knowing what we may demand of her. Jane. Take
off your clothes and kneel before us. Do it slowly."
     Monica made me nervous as she stared malevolently while I slowly
stripped then kneeled. It was not good enough for her. She said, "Open
your legs. You are hiding your pussy." I spread them a little and then
more as she said,"Wider."
     At that point their gaze left me to look at the blonde. Monica said
as she flipped the leash, "This is Tammy. She was a runaway and living on
the streets when I found her. She really looked pathetic. She only weighed
seventy pounds and was filthy. She is much healthier now. Jim agreed
saying, "Yes. She seems to have a nice figure. I love that cute round
butt. It is made for spanking like Jane's."
     I shuddered remembering the paddle and afraid he may demonstrate the
way my butt looked when hit but Monica did not respond she continued to
talk about Tammy. " Tammy had a very cruel stepfather. Anything I do to
her is mild in comparison. Isn't that right Tammy."
     Tammy kept her head down as she said, "Yes mistress."
     "Good. Kneel so Jim can see how nice you look."
     She raised up to get in position like me. Kneeling with her legs
open, her tummy in and breasts out."
     I was shocked. She was just a kid. Not over fifteen in spite of her
voluptuous figure and there were two large pins with big floral heads
stuck through her nipples.and mysterious white circles in the lightly
tanned boobs.
     Monica reached over to touch one of the circles saying, "Her
stepfather made he kneel untied and unmoving while he burned her with his
cigarette. If she moved she would be whipped. See. There are burns on her
stomach as well as her breasts and he made his initial on her pussy."
     I leaned over to see over her thighs to see a large letter "H" with
the bottom legs on each side of her slit. I also saw three large safety
pins holding her slit tightly together.
     I was shocked that Jim showed no sympathy only saying, "God she must
be brave to take that without moving."
     "Not necessarily. Tammy turn around so they can see what happened if
you moved. She turned around staying straight up on her knees to show
terrible scars on the lower part of her butt and into the crack. Monica
used her thumb to stretch the skin to point out small holes. "He whipped
her with barbed wire. The little holes is where he sewed up the tears to
slow the bleeding then stopped the rest with styptic powder."
     Tammy moaned, "Oh yes. That was the worst part it burned even more
than the cigarettes."
     Monica said sharply, "Did I ask you to comment?"
     Tammy dropped her head and murmured. "No mistress. I am sorry."
     "You know you will have to be punished."
     "Yes Mistress. I deserve it."
     Jim said, "Those are interesting pins through her nipples. Where did
you find them?"
     "You can find nipple piercing pins at any sex shop but I found these
hat pins at an antique store. They were corroded and hurt much worse than
new smooth pins. Don't they Tammy?"
     "Yes mistress but I deserve the extra pain."
     Monica said, "I am surprised you are not curious about the safety
pins. They are there because she has become addicted to orgasms. I put
them in because I was tired of coming home to find her exhausted from
playing with her clitoris. Isn't that true Tammy?"
     "Yes mistress. Any pain is worth it if I can have orgasms from it or
afterwards."
     "Does she appeal to you Jim?"
     "Oh yes. She is beautiful and I have never fucked a girl that young."
     "Alright. Tammy you have been good so I'll let Jim fuck you. Take out
your pins."
     She smiled broadly and said, "Oh thank you mistress."
     She pinched the large heads and began pulling them out. I could tell
by her grimace and the bulge of the skin that they must hurt almost as bad
going out as they had going in."
     Monica said, "I never leave them in too long since there would be
permanent holes. It is more interesting to watch her face as they are
forced theough unbroken flesh."
     She smiled as she said that! I could hardly believe how cruel she
was. She was a woman and had to know how senstive nipples were.
     Tammy did not seem to mind removing the pussy pins. She took out the
top one then the bottom one leaving the middle for last. When it was out
her lips opened wide.
     Jim said in surprise, "My god. Her pussy is huge."
     "Yes. Unfortunately he stepfather delighted in pushing large things
into her. From christmas candles to his shoes. Eventually she stretched
enough to swallow all the laces. I am having her do vaginal exercises but
it will take time. We know how to make it tight to have Jim enjoy it don't
we Tammy?"
     Tammy smiled and said, "Oh yes Mistress. Should I get my helper?"
     "Yes. You may get on your feet so you can hurry."
     Tammy jumped up and ran out the door to return in a minute carrrying
a fibreglas blackboard pointer she handed to Monica.
     Then she went to our overstuffed chair to climb up on it with her
legs widespread on the arms to let her shoulders down to the floor. Her
pussy was exposed clear to her anus and gaped open.
     Monica got up and said,"Come with me to see this better." Jim got up
but I was not sure I was invited until she grabbed my arm to say, "You
too. Jane. You must see how brave a slave should be."
     She led me to the back of the chair where I could look down into
Tammy's pussy with the pink inner parts showing. Jim joined me as he began
unbuttoning his shirt to remove it followed by his pants. I looked down to
see his dick hanging straight down. I thought that he may be jaded too
since he was not hard even though Tammy and I could not be more exposed
and Tammy was gripping her breasts so tight the flesh bulged over her
hands.
     Monica put her feet by Tammy's head then said, "What do you say?"
     Tammy took a deep shuddering breath then whimpered, "Please make me
ready Mistress."
     Monica brought the pointer down so hard on Tammy's right pussy lip it
sunk almost out of sight and caused the flesh to jump violently then she
hit the left lip just as hard. Then back to the right while Tammy just
moaned and gripped her boobs even more. Monica kept going back and forth
to keep her pussy constantly jumping. I don't know how many times she hit
her. At first her whole pussy turned dark red but then it began to swell
and the gap began to close.I watched her pussy jump and squirm totally
fascinated until I finally felt guilty for being a part of this and turned
to Jim to ask him to stop Monica. I realized he was as cruel as Monica
when I saw his dick was throbbing hard. I couldn't understand how this
terrible spectacle could excite him. I onle felt fear and empathy as the
loud "Smacks!" continued. Then Jim said,"That is enough!"
     I looked down at Tammy to see her pussy was a purple red and that the
lips had closed almost as tight as mine.
     Jim pushed Monica out of the way and pulled on Tammy's shoulders to
let her butt bounce on the floor then dropped between her legs to bury his
dick in her swollen pussy and begin to pump furiously.
     It had to hurt her tortured pussy but she just said excitedly, "Thank
you Sir. Oh thank you."
     I could tell by his grimace that he had cum but he just slowed down a
litlle to pull it out to the head then bury it again until it finally
began to soften. He collapsed on her and slowly rolled his hips from side
to side with his dick inside her while she kissed his neck and ears and
whispered, "Oh. You were wonderful Sir. Thank you."
     He got off her to lean back against the chair. He looked exhausted.
He had a glazed look on his face as he took deep breaths and his body was
covered with sweat. I looked down to see his dick soft and sticky looking
from his cum and her juices. Tammy twirled around to lick the head with a
look of ecstacy on her face when Monica said, "Stop Tammy. That is Jane's
job."
     Tammy whimpered in disappointment but moved away. I didn't hesitate.
It looked gross but I was feeling left out and watching them had me
excited. I hoped I might revive him so he would fuck me.
     I began licking off their juices while rubbing my nipples on his
hairy thigh. There was a strange taste of strawberry as I moved his dick
around to lick off every drop then lifted his balls gently to clean them
clear down to his anus. I was rewarded by seeing his dick begin to grow
but then Monica said, "That is enough. Clean Tammy."
     Tammy grinned saying "Oh Thank you." as she twirled around to lie on
her back spreading her legs. Some of the swelling had gone down to let the
lips open slightly to show liquid drooling out. It looked gross but that
is not what bothered me. I whined, "Jim. Please don't make me do that. It
will make me a lesbian and I will go to Hell."
     He had no sympathy saying angrily, "Jesus! Are you crazy? You just
promised me you would obey. You will be in Hell right here."
     I looked at Monica who was holding the evil whip with a smirk on her
face and practically dived into Tammy's pussy afraid I may feel the whip
at any moment. Her pussy must have been super sensitive from it's abuse
because although I was only licking the area around the slit she sighed
and murmured, "Ooooh that feels so nice."
     "Monica said, "Get your tyongue in deep. Get it all clean."
     I let my tongue slip inside discovering the strawberry taste had come
from her. At Monica's urging I stuck in my tongue as deep as I could while
Tammy pressed on my head making lettle mewing noises until I could no
longer taste the strawberry. I forced my head up to say plaintively, "It
is clean."
     "Monica said, "Don't stop! Tammy should be rewarded for her bravery."
     Tammy said excitedly, "Thank you Mistress."
     I realized I would not be able to quit until she came so I
concentrated on twiddling her clit with my tongue with occasional deep
thrusts. She obviously liked it, She made little moans and her juices
began running so much they were dripping from my chin as she moaned and
sighed until finally her body began pulsating until she made a loud moan
and went limp.
     Monica said, "Very Good." I lifted my head to see Tammy had a huge
smile on her face as she pinched and pulled on her nipples.
     I started to get up but Monica said sharply, "Kneel!" I got into the
position Tammy had by kneeling with my legs open and my hands by my
shoulders like a begging dog.
     Monica stood there for a moment gently waving my whip then said, "You
realize you must be punished for your protests."
     I began to cry realizing that I had cleaned Tammy needlessly and
sobbed, "It isn't fair. I cleaned Tammy as you asked."
     Monica said, "God you are stupid. You just protested again. Now will
you admit you should be punished?"
     I saw that further argument would just made it worse and sobbed, "Yes
Mistress."
     She must have enjoyed my look of fear as I stared at the gently
waving whip because she brought it between my legs to drag it up my
stomach and over my nipples to let me feel the hard knots.
     I suddenly got hope when she said to Jim, "This whip is much too
heavy to use on her stomach, breasts or pussy. It could cause internal
injuries." and when Jim agreed she continued saying, "It should only be
used on her upper back, her ass and her thighs but I don't want to use it
at all."
     I let out a sigh of relief only to have fear return when she said "I
have something that will make her cry with only three bruises."
     Then she said, "Tammy. Get my new toy."
     Tammy jumped to her feet saying, "Ooo. You are going to be sorry."
     She came back carrying what looked like a short broomstick but as she
got closer I saw that was just the handle for a single wire. Tammy gave it
to her and she said to Jim, "Coat hanger were not entirely satisfactory
since I had to keep straightening them. This is made with a special steel
for springs. It retains it's straightness."
     She demonstrated by waving it back and forth to cause a whirring
sound. When she stopped the wire snapped back to straight. I realized it
could cut me to ribbons. I started to protest then remembered it would
only make it worse and changed my "No' to just a moan.
     She looked at my eayes filling with tears and said, "Did you want to
say anything Jane? Do you think this tiny thing can make you be good?"
     I sobbed, "Yes Mistress. Will it cut me?"
     She grinned and said, "No. I know just how hard to hit without
cutting. I practised on Tammy. You will just have three bruises."
     I felt relieved thinking no matter how bad it was I could withstand
three lashes.
     She said, "She isn't as brave as Tammy. She will have to be tied. Jim
get four of your neckties. Tammy get those pillows off the sofa.
     While Jim was gone she had me get up on our round game table on my
back then lift up for her to put a pillow under my butt and back. It was
now obvious the three lashes would be on my front and no doubt on my boobs
and pussy but when she said, "Comfy?" I just said, "Yes mistress."
     Jim returned with the ties and they pulled my legs apart to tie them
to the legs of the table and then my arms. My legs and arms were pulled
down to cause the pillows to push up my pussy and boobs to make perfect
targets.  
     Then she increased my fear by pressing the end on my nipple causing
the wire to bow and said, "This is a marvelous instrument. It is so small
she can be severly punished but in such a small area you can dress her in
the skimpiest clothing without showing a bruise."
     She lifted it and brought it down so just the end hit my nipple. It
hurt so bad I swore she had cut it in two and I screamed and thrashed
around in my bonds until she yelled, "Settle down. You will spoil my aim."
     I managed to quiet down and as soon as my boobs centered she hit the
other one to make me scream again to fight my bonds but this time she
didn't wait and I felt the terrible sting go across the lips of my pussy.
It was not quite as bad but I still screamed and blubbered thinking that
at least it was over. She seemed to confirm that by gently caressing the
red line on my nipple and saying, "You see. The whip made just a tiny red
line but it is obvious she suffered."
     I began to relax waiting to be untied when there was another sharp
sting to my nipple. I screamed then shouted, "No! You said only three!"
     She just laughed and said, "I said three bruises not three lashes. It
takes several of these tiny lines to cover the whole area."
     I blubbered, "No. No. Please no!"
     She said, "Jim. This will take forever if I have to wait for her to
settle down after each one. Hold her breasts at the bases and squeeze them
to keep them still."
     I didn't know he could be so cruel. He went behind my head to grasp
my boobs to squeeze them to make hard balls pushing up my nipples.She
began hittting faster changing the angle each time as the terrible sting
went from niple to nipple to pussy as I shook my head and screamed until I
was hoarse.
     Suddenly she stopped and said, "Yes. It is better to have them held.
That is the effect I wanted. See. Each lash found new untouched nerves."
     I looked down to see that my nipples looked like red astericks with
lines in every direction but only a few inches long. I think you should
practise."
     She turned to me and said, "You want Jim to have a turn don't you
Jane?"
     I moaned, "No. I can't take anymore." 
     She said, "God you are stupid. This can go on forever." and began
raising the whip.
     It took all my nerve but I managed to say, "Please take your turn
Jim."   
     I had a dim hope that he would refuse. It seemed much worse that he
may hurt me. She was cruel and enjoyed seeing me suffer but he had only
punished me for not being obedient. We both knew I had suffered more than
enough for not wanting to go to Hell. My hope was crushed when he stepped
forward to take the whip and I saw a huge lump in his pants. My suffering
had excited him!
     He brought the whip down on my nipples and pussy at least as hard as
she had but by then the nerves had deadened a little and after six more he
thankfully said, "Thats enough. There is no more white skin."
     She said doubtfully, "Maybe. Jane will you be obedient now?"
     I sobbed "Yes! Oh yes! I'll do anything!"
     She said, "I hope you are lying. We still have not used the knotted
whip."
     I sobbed, "I'm not. Try me."
     For the next hour they had me do the most humiliating things
possible. I had to crawl to Jim on my belly feeling the nap of the rug on
my tender nipples like needles to suck his dick and lick his balls and
stick my tongue in his anus until he shot his cum on my face then I had to
scrape it off with my finger and suck it into my mouth. 
     Then I had to lick Monica and Tammy until they came. 
     Finally Monica handed me a leather strap about ten inches long and
told me to spank my pussy until it was swollen.
     I was so ashamed of the things I had done to avoid pain I felt I
deservede it and hit it hard only to find as it began to swell that the
punishment had become masturbation and I went into an orgasm so strong I
passed out.
     I woke up in the morning to see Jim had pulled down the covers and
was idly caressing my nipples. Surprisingly they no longer hurt and the
carsses felt nice. I lifted my head to kiss his arm.
     He leaned over to kiss me then said, "Your pretty pink nipples are
now black. I don't want to do that to you again. Do you think you can
rember to be obediant once the pain is forgotten and the marks are gone?"
     "Oh yes. I want to be obedient now Master. No matter how bad it is I
will be glad to do it to prove my love."
     I kind of like being called Master but my friends may wonder. I think
you should just call me Sir."
     "Ye Sir. I will remember." I kind of liked that. Calling him "Sir"
made it obvious I was a slave and therefore excused of any guilt for
anything I did. 
     He rewarded me by eating my pussy until I had a nice orgasm then
said, "Go back to sleep. At six PM I want you to come to my office, Bring
your thong whip so I can whip you just long enough to give you a nice
orgasm then we will make love and go out to dinner. Would you like that?"
     "Oh yes Sir! Even if you hit too hard to let me cum."
     He said, "Good girl." and kissed me then left to dress for work. The
"Good girl," seemed like the highest accolade to me and I planned to earn
more.
     I couldn't get back to sleep and got up to take a long shower using a
lot of soap to let my hands slip sensually over my nipples and pussy. It
didn't get me excited it just felt wonderful. I had seen them in the
mirror. The bruises looked as if I was wearing pasties and a G string like
the old time strippers and I was amazed that all pain was gone leaving
only sensitivity.
     I walked from mirror to mirror naked enjoying the fact I had learned
to move smoothly and sensually like a big cat. My tummy was tucked in with
no effort and I realized that clenching my muscles during whippings must
be good exercise. I continued to walk around and pose imagining the hungry
looks of men if they could see me. I sat in front of the mirror with my
legs spread as far as I could and began playing with myself. I looked
positively wanton which is the way it should be since I now admitted I was
the lowliest of sluts.
     It felt good but that was all it was. Icould not get to the peak of
excitement even imagining men were staring at me and finally gave up and
began cleaning the house to get my mind off the fact I had finally reached
the point of only being able to climax with pain.
     Time passed by quickly and it was soon time to shower and dress. I
wore the cashmere dress loving the way the soft material hugged me to show
every curve. I put on my highest heels knowing they caused an exagerated
sway of my hips and a gentle movement of my boobs. At the last moment I
unbuttoned some of the buttons to the bottom of my cleavage and saw the
material pull apart to bare the cleavage almost to my nipples.I called a
taxi then I got my big leather purse and stuffed my whip into it. I
stroked the thongs knowing they would soon bring me to ecstacy until I
heard a honk and went out to get in the cab.
     I loved the way the driver stared at me as I walked down the steps
letting my heels hit hard to bobble my boobs.
     As we went to town I noticed he was driving a little erratically. I
looked into his rearview mirror and could only see his chin letting me
know he had lowered the mirror to stare at my boobs while trying to drive.
     I decided to tease him and put my arms up on the seatback and pushed
out my chest knowing that would pull the material past my nipples. It was
fun to watch him in the reflection of the windshield. Beads of sweat
popped out of his forehead as he stared but then his driving became even
more erratic so I brought down my arms and folded them across my chest. He
gave a little sigh of disappointment but his driving improved
considerably.
     The fare was seven fifty so I just handed him a ten and got out. I
could see by the reflection in the glass doors of the office building that
he did not leave until I was inside. I giggled feeling a sense of power
that I could so easily excite him then began walking to the end of the
hall toward Jim's door. It was kind of spooky. Everyone had left and the
hall lights had been dimmed to make the light from Jim's door a sort of
beacon.
     When I walked in I was surprised to see Mom and Dad sitting there.
Mom looked frightened and I saw why when Jim swiveled around in his chair
to face me. He was holding the wire whip! I felt a pang of fear that he
would want to demonstrate how cruel it was. I remembered how long I had
suffered until I had finally became numb enough to withstand it's bite.
     He said, "Oh good. You are just in time. I was telling your Dad how
well this little whip made you obey."
     I blushed wondering if he had told them I had eaten Tammy and
Monica's pussy. But then I doubted it since Jim knew how disgusted my Dad
was with homosexual activity.
     Then he said, "Take off your dress so your Dad can see how it works."
     I didn't hesitate. I just said "Yes Sir," and unbuttoned some more
buttons so I could slip it over my head to display my nude body. I walked
over in front of my Dad. I blushed even though he had seen me naked before
since it still seemed perverse to have my own Father see me display the
effects of my last whipping.
     Dad loved it. He tweaked my bruised nipples and said, "Oh yes. It is
perfect. You can punish only the most sensitive areas. You are really
clever to come up with these new instruments."
     Thankfully he took the credit letting me know he had not told them
about Monica.
     Jim said, "she will agree to anything now without protest. I'll show
you. Jane ask me to give you thirty lashes with your whip."
     He was waving the wire whip menacingly so I said quickly, "Yes Sir.
Please give me thirty lashes with my whip."
     He had me move out to the center of the room then cross my arms on my
head and spread my legs.
     It wasn't so bad. He gave me ten across my butt-cheeks to start my
excitement then increased it with ten across my boobs. When je began
hitting diagonally into my pussy I was so excited I soon began having
orgasms. 
     My Dad didn't realise what was happening to me. He assumed that my
sweating pulsating body was just the result of the pain and my effort not
to escape.
     He said, "Yes. She minds beautifully. Even though the pain to her
pussy must have been great she made no attempt to close her legs."
     Jim just grinned and told me to use his shower because I was all
sweaty. Mom grabbed my dress and said she would go with me while Jim went
to the bar to get them a drink.
     When we were in the bathroom Mom said, "Oh God. How can Jim be so
cruel. He must know your Father will want to use that terrible whip
because no matter how I try I can't stand his whip untied."
     It irritated me. I thought she should have shown some compassion for
me but she only thought of herself. I said, "Jesus Mom! You are going to
have to learn to obey. Didn't you notice Jim did not hit hard when I asked
for the whip? I even got to orgasm."
     "Well yes. I did notice your skin just turned red with no bruising."
     "Notice," my ass. She had stared at me as avidly as the men while I
was whipped and I knew it had excited her.
     Then she really made me mad when she said, "We are different. You
aren't as sensitive as me. The whip hurts me terribly."
     "Bullshit! I am just as sensitive. I am just smarter than you and
have courage!"
     She began to cry and said, "You are right but I don't think I can
learn to be courageous. It must be a natural trait. I have been afraid of
being hurt since I was just a little girl and when I am whipped all I can
think of is escape."
     I held her to comfort her realizing I had been unfair. Dad had used a
more severe whip and I knew he hit hard.
     After my shower she patted me dry with a soft towel and helped me put
on the dress then we went to dinner.
     I again felt pride as men stared at me and noticed that while I
walked proudly with my tummy in and boobs out Mom just kind of skulked
behind Dad.
     Dinner was strange. We just made small talk quite normally with no
mention of my humiliation of being stripped and whipped until dessert.
Then Mom called attention to me by saying," You really look beautiful in
that dress. It really shows off her nice firm body. Doesn't it?"
     Jim and Dad agreed with Dad staring hungrily at my boobs bare almost
to the nipples.Then she said, "It must be much more exciting to whip her
young firm body rather than my flabby one."
     I hated her again realizing she was trying to encourage them to whip
me instead of her. I loved her look of defeat when Dad said gruffly, "You
will soon be firm too with your exercise program then I will take you to
Jim so he can see how the whips no longer sink in."
     When we got in the car Dad said, "That wire whip interests me. Could
I borrow it for awhile?"
     Mom sobbed and said, "You don't need it. I'll be good. I promise."
     Dad just said gruffly, "I'll decide what you need."
     Jim agreed and we returned to the office. Dad said, "Here. You can
carry it." 
     He unbuttoned the top of her dress and slid it down between her
cleavage then lifted her dress and pulled down her panties to push the
wire between the lips of her pussy. Finally he forced the point through
the crotch of her panties to hold it in place.
     It excited me. I could imagine the wire rubbing on her clit as she
walked and rode home but Mom just looked miserable knowing he would use it
on her no matter how obedient she was.
     I was still mad at her and ignored her messages on my answering
machine for the next few days. My life got better. I followed Tammy's
example by staying on my hands and knees while Jim was home obeying his
every request. My only whipping was having my butt spanked while I sucked
his dick until he was very hard to fuck me after I became excited.
     I was doing exercises to a tape Jim had bought for me when I heard a
car in the driveway. I ran to the window to peek through the drapes. It
was Mom and she was alone so I did not bother to put anything on.
     I opened the door and gave her a hug then she twirled me around to
look at me. 
     She told me I looked beautiful and that marriage really agreed with
me since I seemed so happy. Naturally I agreed then she said Jim must be
happy with me because she could not see a welt on my body. I told her that
I had been very good and was only spanked with the thong whip. She told me
that Jim had made a wonderful whip and that she was not so lucky. She said
she would show me and took off her clothes. 
     I was shocked! She had purple welts from the ends of a whip all over.
Not in just the sexy places on the butt, breasts, stomach and pussy she
had them all over her back and shoulders, behind her knees, in her
armpits, and even on her feet. I said that they must have hurt horribly
and she began to cry.
     "Oh Jane. I was so happy when he first used your whip. I had hated
the paddle and seeing my nude whipped body made both of us sexually
excited. He has changed! Up until the night I was whipped here he had
never seen me totally nude. Now he wants me naked all the time but not
because it makes him excited. He just likes to see the bruises he has made
and my body shudder as he makes more welts.There is no pretense of my
deserving punishment or whipping me for excitement. He doesn't want me to
become excited. He came home early from work yesterday and hung me from
the chandelier for four hours while he watched TV getting up at each
commercial to give me five or ten lashes. I begged him to let me down and
that I would do anything for him. He told me to suggest something he might
like more than what he was doing. I offered to fuck him, suck his dick,
bend over so he could put his dick in my rectum, every thing I could think
of but he showed no interest. Finally about ten  he got up from his chair
to say he had to piss but when he got back he was going to practise his
aim by hitting just my nipples twenty times in a row with the wire whip.
     In desperation I offered to drink his pee. He had me do it. It was
terrible. I got really sick. He laughed at me while I was throwing up!
Then we went to bed but not to make love. He just had me suck him till he
came in my face then I had to lick his balls till he went to sleep. today
he said he is going to find a whip tht just fits the slit of my pussy and
then he will whip it till it is bloody."
     She began to cry hysterically while I tried to console her. 
     She blubbered, "Oh Jane what am I going to do?"     
     "Leave him! Leaving him was the best thing I ever did. He made me
feel guilty all the time and hurt me terribly with his paddle. Now I have
no guilt at all and love the whip."
     "But where will I go? I have no money and I can't work. I only have a
grade school education and no job experience."
     "You will have money after your divorce. Dad is rich."
     She looked scared to death. "Oh no! I can't divorce him. He has said
that he would rather kill me than give me a divorce. He is a criminal
lawyer. He knows people that would kill me for a thousand dollars. Maybe
for free. He said that the rapist he cleared was so grateful he offered to
kill any of his enemies. I would be his enemy."
     "You have to leave him! For some reason he is making you suffer more
and more, eventually he will kill you."
     "I know why he is getting so mean. When he realized I had an orgasm
here he said that I had been lying to him for years. He thought I was a
nice girl but obviously I was a slut. I am you know. Maybe I deserve to be
beaten to death."
     "You aren't a slut. You are like me. You just found out how wonderful
getting excited could be. If we are sluts there must be millions of us.
Until he calms down and is ready to accept divorce you can stay here."
     "Won't Jim mind?
     "No he likes you! Maybe too much. I get a little jealous of you
sometimes. He said you would be willing to do anything to please a man."
     She replied, "You see. He knows I am a slut too."
     I didn't have time to argue. Jim would be home soon. I took her to
the basement and showed her a hidden door that led to a storage area in
the crawl space and said she could hide in there if Dad came so she
wouldn't have to confront him until Jim could come up with a plan to keep
her hidden until the divorce was final.
     We heard a car in the driveway and she ran to the basement to hide.
     It was Jim and I dropped to my hands and knees. He was all excited
explaining that he had a new sexual harrassment case. A man had a dress
making shop and would spank the girls if they didn't make their quota. He
said, "God it must be exciting to have all those girls to spank. He told
me that he would not hire anyone that wasn't pretty and if they refused
being spanked he would fire them. Surprisingly only one girl wants to sue
and I think we can buy her off cheap."
     Evidentally the man had told him about it in detail. He pulled a
ping-pong paddle out of his briefcase to show me and said he would like us
to act out the scene.
     He had me put on a house dress and panties then knock on the door to
his office. When I went in he was seated at the desk with the paddle in
his hand.
     He evidentally wanted to make it real as he said, "You did not make
your quota yesterday. You know what that means."
     I fell into the role and whimpered, "I guess I must be spanked."
     He said, "Yes and you wouldn't even feel this little paddle on top of
your clothes. Take off your dress and panties."
     I was so into the role I actually felt embarrassed as I slipped off
the dress and pulled down my panties. 
     Then he came around the desk to place me at the corner and bend me
over to pull my legs apart until my pussy was pushing against the corner.
     He began to spank me and I realized why  the other girls had not
complained. The paddle just caused a little sting and tingles an when I
flinched my clit rubbed against the corner. It made me terrifically
excited and I went into orgasm just as he dropped his pants to put his
dick in my pussy from the rear. I lunged against the corner as even
stronger orgasms washed over me.
     When he came we just sunk to the floor to recover. As I lovbingly
licked our juices from his dick and balls he said, "God. I love you so
much. I could never replace you."
     That made me very happy. It gave me some power and I was sure he
would never hurt me so much I might leave him like Dad.
     It suddenly dawned on me that I had not told him Mom was at our
house. I explained the situation expecting him to understand.
     He was angry. 
     "Jesus! Why did you wait till now to tell me? That your Dad asked me
about her today. He is really pissed! He said your mother was missing and
since she had become so obsessed with sex he thought she might be meeting
another man. Your Dad is crazy. If I tell him she is with us he might kill
all of us. Some of his mob clients would be happy to do him the favor. We
have no choice. I will just have to tell him I did not know she was here
and hope he believes me."
     "No! You can't! He will beat her to death. He will never believe you
and we will always have to be frightened that he might kill us too. You
know murderers too. It would be best to kill him before he kills us."
     "Jane are you crazy! You are talking about killing your own father!" 
     "I have always hated him. He beat me with very little excuse and
ruined my childhood. I never got to go to school and play with other kids.
I think he only let me marry you so he could keep Mom naked and beat her
everyday without a witness."
     "You may be right. There was a lot of suspicion that he killed his
first wife but they never found a body and there was not enough proof to
make the charges stick."
     "His first wife! I didn't know he was married before Mom."
     "He never talks about her and he found your Mom out of town. He
didn't let her mix with other people either so she probably did not know."
     "Will you help us. Please! I will do anything for you. Mom will too!
We will be your slaves. You can keep us naked and in chains if you like.
If Dad finds her he will know I helped her and will beat me to death too."
     Jim said he knew someone who would do it but it might take some time
to find him. He also said Mom would also have to promise to be his slave
if he was going to risk everything and since she would then own
controlling interest in the firm she would have to make him president of
the firm. 
     I was a little disappointed that he was not satisfied just to save
Mom and I but at least he seemed willing to go along with us.
     When we got home he told Mom what I said and asked if she agreed.
     She readily agreed saying that was the only way she could be freed
from him. She also readily agreed to be his slave.
     He told us that if it got tough later he was not about to go to the
chair for us if we got scared and told the police he had ordered the
killing. He typed up a confession saying Mom knew a man that was a killer
from her husband and that she met him and gave him ten thousand dollars to
kill him . Jim had the cash in his safe to pay him. The confession said
Mom took the money from Dad's safe.
     After we had both signed the confession Jim said he wanted to test
our willingness to be slaves. 
     He went down to the basement and brought back two two by four boards
with leather straps on the ends and two thonged whips. then he had us
strip and spread our legs so he could buckle the boards on our ankles to
hold our legs apart. He then gave us the whips and said, "Whip each
other's breasts and pussies till one of you screams. The one who causes
the other to scream will be made love to by me. The screamer will have
alligator clips put on her nipples and pussy and will wear them until we
have made love and then will lick us clean before they are removed. You
don't have to hit hard. Eventually one of you will scream just from the
orgasms."
     We began hitting easy just slapping each other's tits and pussies but
as our excitement rose we began hitting harder and harder. Just as my
pussy was getting very sore after fifty or so lashes she brought up the
whip to bury the thong into my open slit. I gasped and then hit her pussy
as hard as I could causing it to distort wildly. She screamed!
     Jim came over to put two alligator clips on each of her nipples then
six more on the lips of her pussy while she moaned and whimpered. Then he
took off my board and made wonderful love to me.
     When we came Mom crawled over to us with the board still on her
ankles. Jim told her to lick the cum off his dick. She didn't hesitate and
began licking and sucking on Jim's limp, sticky dick. 
     To my surprise it began to harden again. When it was very hard I
pulled her out of the way so I could put it in my mouth.Jim told her to
clean me too.
     Mom whined, "No. That is sick! She is my daughter." 
     Jim said, "No. Sick is what you will be when I call your husband and
dead you will be when I show him your confession." 
Mom crawled behind me then I felt her pulling me down by the cheeks of my
butt till I was low enough for her tongue to begin licking my pussy and
then inside. It felt wonderful.  I became so excited my gag reflex went
away and I managed to get Jim's dick clear down my throat until my nose
was buried in his hair.  I began orgasms and pressed my pussy onto Mom's
lips just as Jim's dick began to kick in my throat as spurts of his cum
went down it.
     We were totally overwhelmed. We just laid there trying to get our
breath till Jim recovered enough to take the clips and board off of Mom.
     When they were off we snuggled against Jim on both sides. He idly
caressed our pussies then said, "God. This might have been a bad idea. If
I keep cumming like this I may have a heart attack. Paula, Do you hate me
for putting you through that ordeal?"
     "Oh no! I screamed because of a massive orgasm and the clips just
kept them going. I would like to feel your beautiful penis in me. It is
twice as big as Bill's. Next time I will try harder to make Jane scream
first."
     I giggled and said, "You almost did! One more on my clit would have
got me screaming like a banshee."
     We were all sweaty so we took a shower together in our big shower
then went to bed.

                                                       March, 1, 1990
Dear Diary,
     Jim came home to tell us that Dad had only been in the office briefly
to tell him Paula was still missing and that he and a private detective
were looking for her. He asked Jim if I had talked to Mom the day she
left. Jim told him that he had told me that Mom was missing and I had not
mentioned talking to her.
     Then he gave us bad news. Dad was going to stop by around five
o'clock to let us know what he had found out. Mom panicked. 
     "Oh God. He may want to search the house. What will I do!"
     Jim calmed her by saying he had made a secret door in the basement
that led to the crawl space. He had planned to put a safe behind it but it
would be a good place for her to hide as long as she kept quiet.
     It was real clever. The panel that made the door was like all the
other panels except when you pushed it on one edge it would go in then pop
open. We put her in it about four-thirty. I knew it would be scary for her
because it was very dark in there.
     He arrived a little after five to say he had no clues but the
detective was still looking and would find her eventually. I was very
nervous but managed to pass it off as worry about her.
     He asked Jim again if he had any idea where Mom went. Jim said he had
no idea and Dad said he believed him but was angry at him because if it
had not been for him Mom would have never known an orgasm. He was sure she
was out to get more.
     Then he looked into my eyes and asked me if I knew anything. I said
"No" but he seemed suspicious. He said,
     "I believe you Jim, but Paula told me the morning she disappeared
that she planned to see Jane. Would you mind if I interrogated her? I
won't cause any permanent harm."
     Jim told him he could understand his doubt and that I was not likely
to tell the truth without some persuasion.
     Dad told him to strip me and tie me in the basement while he got
something from his car.
     Jim tied me face out to the wall furthest from Mom's hiding place. He
told me that I would have to be brave because Dad would not be convinced I
knew nothing till I had experienced some pain. He said he would stop him
before he hurt me too badly.
     Dad came into the basement carrying a whip of tightly braided leather
with a metal tip. He walked up to me and said, "I know you are lying. I
have always known when you lied to me. Are you going to tell the truth or
do you want me to use this on you?"
     I made up my mind that I couldn't betray Mom because he would kill
her and I would feel guilty the rest of my life. I thought if it got too
bad I would faint.
     I wailed that I was not lying but he just sneered and began whipping
me by hitting the sides of my hips so the metal tip hit my ass. It hurt
awful and I began screaming till I was hoarse while I felt my butt being
torn to shreds. Finally I was so hoarse I couldn't have told him anything
if I wanted to. Then he stepped back to whip my breasts. Agonizing pain
enveloped them. Jim must not have realized till then how bad the whip was.
My breasts were bleeding where the metal tip hit in four places when Jim
grabbed his arm yelling, "That is enough for Christ's sake! Can't you see
she is bleeding? If she knew anything she would have told you by now."
     Dad looked at the blood running down my stomach from my tits and
said, "I guess you are right. I have tapped your phone. If Paula calls try
to get her to tell you where she is. If I find her this will look like
child's play."
     He left and Jim let me down to gently bathe the blood off my butt and
breasts then put on salve and tore up a clean sheet to bandage them. Of
course I could not sit or lie on my back so when I was bandaged I just
curled up in the foetal position and cried. When Jim was sure Dad was not
coming back he let Mom out of her hiding place. She kissed me and thanked
me for being so brave. When she lifted my bandages to see the cuts she
said, "Oh God! I had no idea you were so courageous. I feel awfully
guilty. I will take care of you and when you are well you must whip me for
getting you into this."
                                                       March, 2, 1990
Dear Diary,
     Mom pampered me all day. Jim came home with good news. He said Dad
told him that the detective had found someone that gave a description of a
woman that looked like Mom getting on a bus going south. Dad assumed Mom
had gone back to the town in Southern California where he had found her
and was driving down there today. 
     He also said he had found the man that would kill him and gave Mom an
envelope with ten thousand dollars in it that she was to deliver to the
man at a country cross road at midnight. 
     I am still terribly sore. I am grateful to Jim for stopping Dad
before I was completely ruined and sucked his cock and licked his ass-hole
for him in thanks.


                                                       March, 3, 1990
Dear Diary,
     Mom said that it was so dark she could not see the face of the man
she gave the money. He was very big and had a gruff voice. He knew Dad was
going to California and had her go back to her car to write down the names
and addresses of everyone she knew there to help him locate Dad. He told
Mom that Dad's death would look like an accident.
     Mom took off my bandages. I looked awful. I have four big scabs on
the sides of my breasts and gobs of them on my butt. They also left
terrible bruises and are still sore.
     I cried and cried. After all those years I had become proud of my
body and was willing to show it off. Now I would have to keep it covered
because it was so ugly.
     When Jim came home Mom told him she felt guilty because I had to
suffer so much in order to protect her. Jim made her feel worse by saying
that she had not only caused me pain but had put us all in jeopardy by not
having the nerve to just leave the country. When she protested she had
very little money and no way to make a living he yelled, "Bullshit! You
are sitting on a gold mine. With that body and the way you love to fuck
you could be a great whore."
     Mom began to cry then blubbered,"You are right. I knew I could make a
living that way and I would have except Jane gave me an easy way out. I am
so ashamed! Do what Bill eas going to do. Whip me until I am unconscious!"
     "Get serious. You love being whipped."
     "No. Not with Jane's whip. Use your big belt. The one with the
western buckle. It will hurt awfully."
     "No. I already have one slave covered with scabs. I need you to fuck
till Jane is well."
     To my amazement Mom argued. "The belt will just bruise me. I don't
deserve to be fucked until you relieve my guilt."
     I think Jim was glad for the excuse. He no longer argued he just
said, "You do deserve punishment. You are wearing clothes, you know I want
my slaves naked at home. With Jane's bandages I can't see either of you."
     Mom apologized and took off all her clothes, even her shoes and posed
in front of him with her hands behind her back and her legs spread. 
     Then he said, Let's see how serious you are about being willing to
expunge your guilt. I want you to get on your knees, with your arms folded
on the top of your head then walk on your knees back and forth in front of
me. If you have any courage you will make at least ten trips."
     Mom begged him to tie her and whip her till he was tired but Jim
refused and sent her to the our bedroom to get his belt.
     She came back whimpering but when she gave it to him she said, "I
will make you proud of my courage. I must be as brave as Jane."
     She got on her knees took a deep breath and began to move toward his
side slowly. When she came into range he began whipping her front causing
her breasts and pussy to be yanked into grotesque shapes. When she was
even with him he switched to her back and bottom.
     When she got out of range she turned around to sob and take another
deep breath to move in front of him where he again backhanded her front
and then forehanded her back with one or more going between her legs.
     I was proud of her bravery. She made ten trips absorbing about eighty
lashes and was too weak to stay on her knees She surprised both Jim and I
by making one more trip on her hands and knees to let Jim put lash after
lash between her legs. She really tried to make even one more pass but was
just too weak and fell over on her side to sob.
     Jim picked her up to put her on the couch. She said weakly, "Was I
brave? I tried really hard but I got so tired."
     She smiled weakly when Jim told her that he was proud of her and that
she did not have to feel guilty anymore.
     The whipping made Jim really excited. He dropped his pants and pulled
me down to suck him. I really was grateful to him. Mom was very red and
would have some bruises but he could have hurt her much worse. I did my
best to give him a great blowjob.
     After he came we went to bed after covering Mom's sleeping body with
a blanket. He was very loving and cuddled me in his arms till he went to
sleep.


                                                       March, 4, 1990
Dear Diary,
     I soaked for hours in warm water. Almost all my scabs came off
leaving purple bruises that did not seem nearly as ugly as the scabs.
     When I heard his car coming up the driveway I ran to the door to pose
proudly for him. Mom and I had spent the afternoon plucking hair off each
other's pussies so we were both excited.
     We could hardly wait for him to finish dinner so we could beg him to
take off his clothes. As soon as he was naked we knelt in front of him and
licked his cock and balls till he was throbbing hard. He laid on his back
then pulled me over to straddle his mouth while Mom eagerly slid his dick
in her pussy. It was wonderful! I almost drowned the poor man with my
juices.
     We let him rest for awhile then began to beg him to have sex with us
again.
     He said that he was drained and it would take something special to
get him hard again. We offered to suck him but he said he thought it would
be fun to see us do a "69". We didn't know what he was talking about and
when he explained it sounded gross. When we protested he reminded us we
had promised to be his slaves.
     We agreed and to our surprise and shame we found we loved it. Even
better after we came we saw that he was hard. This time it was my turn to
be fucked. He had Mom fuck three of his fingers on his right hand. She
bounced on them grinning like mad till we all came and then went to bed
with himm cuddled between us. 
     Before he went to sleep he said that we were wearing him out and that
if this kept up he would need help.


                                                       March, 4, 1990
Dear Diary,
     About noon I heard a car come into the driveway. I peeked through the
window to see a state patrol car. Naturally I was naked so I ran to the
bedroom to put on my robe. I got back just as the doorbell rang.
     The Patrolman came in to say he had been to Dad's house but no-one
was home and our neighbor suggested he come to our house to find Mom. When
I asked why he wanted to see her he told me Dad had an auto accident in
California and was killed.
     I don't know if it was fright or guilt but although we had ordered
his death I began to cry and yelled for Mom. She came out also in a robe
and when I told her what he said she began to cry too. Later we realised
it was the proper response. He said they thought he must have went to
sleep at the wheel because he had driven off a cliff late at night and was
killed instantly.
     When Jim got home we told him what had happened, He said, "Well,
another perfect crime. It is a hell of a lot easier to kill someone than
rob a 7-11 isn't it. Are you proud of your accomplishment?"
     That brought back all our guilt, We asked him to whip us to relieve
our guilt. He had us stand back to back and whipped our sensitive nipples
and pussies till we fell to the floor in exhaustion.



                                                       March, 16, 1990
Dear Diary,
     I have not had a chance to write for awhile. We had to arrange for
the funeral and everything. The funeral made it plain how few friends Dad
had. The only people there were the people in his business that
appreciated the day off work and a few of his clients.
     The funeral brought back our guilt. Jim whipped us or had us whip
each other every night until the will was read. Dad  was much richer than
we had realized. Along with his business we found he owned a lot of rental
property and we were given a key to his safe deposit box that was full of
bonds and the combination to his safe at home which was full of cash
evidentally collected from all his drug clients that he had written off as
charity cases.
     Jim decided we had been punished enough and decided to take us to the
Barbadoes for a vacation. It was wonderful. We had a private beach so we
could tan nude. 
     I think Jim thought he would humiliate us by entering us in an
amateur nude dancing contest in a sleazy bar when we got back to florida.
It did at first, but then it became exciting to be naked in front of all
those cheering men. Mom was really proud to get so much applause since the
competition was young college girls on spring break.
     It made him mad that we enjoyed it so much. He said we should be
ashamed to enjoy prancing around naked in front of a bunch of horny
strangers and said we needed to be punished. 
     He put us back to back and pulled our arms behind us to hug each
other's stomachs then put handcuffs on our wrists to hold us there.
     That pressed our butts into each other and forced out our boobs for
the lash. We rubbed our butts against each other trembling in
anticipation. He said we could not make much noise while he tied our
panties around our heads to make a gag. I could taste my pussy juices on
my panties which just added to my excitement while we rubbed our butts
together.
     He thought that our whip would make too much noise so he took an
electrical extention cord from a lamp and folded it in his hand to make a
loop about two feet long.
     It was perfect! It just made a soft "Whirr" noise as it sped through
the air to hit us and the soft rubber just made a delightful sting as it
left red lines.
     He backhanded and forehanded until we had solid stipes from the top
of our boobs to our thighs then finished up by bringing it up between our
legs to hit both our pussies at the same time till we were covered with
sweat in our efforts to get that great orgasm.
     It backfired on him, we were so excited we fucked and sucked him till
he just could not get hard anymore and pushed us away to go to sleep.
     The next day we had enjoyed the admiration so much we bought the
tiniest Bikini bathing suits we could find and paraded on the beach
giggling at the whistles the boys gave us.
     We are home now. Last night Jim took us to the basement to hang us up
back to back with our legs spread for a whipping with a real whip to
punish us for parading on the beach and just to remind us we were his
slaves. He only hit hard and long enough to give us orgasms strong enough
to let him alone for one night

                                                       March, 18, 1990
Dear Diary,
     This morning at breakfast Mom had prepared she said, "I don't know
what I should do with my house. Should I sell it or keep it in case you
tire of having me around."  I knew what she really wanted. After Jim had
gone to sleep she had said he was wonderful but didn't have the stamina to
take care of us and that if she moved back she could have a new man every
night. Jim quashed that idea. He said, "You aren't going anywhere. I own
you. I have already put your house up for sale."
     She looked disappointed but knew she had given him the right to do it
by signing a power of attorney. Then she said, "Oh. I guess I should go
there to pack my things."
     He said, Forget that. I went through the house. I hate all your
clothes and that ugly victorian furniture. I  have given your clothes to
Goodwill and will auction off the rest of the stuff."
     She looked crestfallen then said, "I am very nostalgic about the
first part of our marriage, Can I get the picture albums?"
     He said that would be alright. That encouraged her and she said,
Thank you. May I have my sewing machine. Bill bought it for me so I could
tailor his shirts but I also enjoyed making cute little outfits for Jane."
     Jim was surprised. "You can sew! Great! You can make costumes for you
and Jane. I know just the one I want."
     He left to come back with two sweaters with matching pleated skirts.
I was surprised because he had said I shouldn't wear them because they
were too loose and the skirts were too long.
     He explained, "Cheerleaders have always turned me on. I want you to
make cheerleader outfits. Jane. Go get a lipstick."
     I was puzzled while he used it to draw a line just below my boobs,
another around me just above the hairline if I had hair then finally
around my thighs just below my buttcheeks. then he drew the same lines on
Mom.
     He said, "I want you to hem up the sweaters to that line then cut
down the waistbands and hem up the skirts. When you are done all the lines
should show."
     Just from looking at the lines on Mom I knew the costumes would be
very sexy since it would show all of our flat tummies and almost all of
our legs. She had joined me in my exercises and we both looked great. I
was anxious to have him see us hoping they would really excite him.
     Just before he left he got a tape of pro football cheerleaders and
told us to learn the routines. I had seen the tapes and remembered I had
been jealous because watching them had given him a hard-on when having me
naked beside him hadn't.
     Mom was really good. She made the costumes in only a couple of hours
which gave us plenty of time to practise to the tape. I got the routines
pretty fast but Mom had to work longer. Watching her made me understand
why he liked them. The tiny costume let me see all her muscles working and
almost every move provided flashes of bare boobs, butt-cheeks or pussy. I
was sure he had imagined how that would look if the cheerleaders had not
worn panties and bras. Now he would be able to see the boobs bouncing and
swaying and the lips of our pussies open at splits.
     Finally she was satisfied she could do all the moves and we did it
one more time together to make sure we could stay in step.  That made us
sweaty so we took a shower to be fresh for him. We put our hair into
ponytails and used light makeup to look as young as possible. I told Mom
she looked almost as young as me and I only looked about eighteen. She
grinned at the compliment and said, "I am not all that much older than
you. I was only fifteen when you were born."
     I hadn't known that. I had always assumed she just looked young and
asked her why she had married so early. 
     She said, "Well essentially your father bought me. He was visiting a
colleague in California when my Dad came in with me to see if he could
beat a drunk driving charge. The lawyer turned him down since he had no
money but your Dad was intrigued by me especially when my Dad lifted my
skirt and slapped my ass for not sitting quietly.
     Your Dad said he would take us to lunch and discuss the case. I was
thrilled. I was fourteen but we were so poor I had never been in a
restaurant.  They talked about the case while I feasted then your Dad
said, "I think I can beat the case and if not I will pay the fine." my Dad
was overjoyed since he was sure he would have to go to jail. Your Dad must
have realized what a scumball my Dad was because he then went on to say,
"This would normally cost you about Two thousand dollars but I am
intrigued by your daughter. I'll take your case if she stays with me while
I am here." My Dad jumped at the offer saying, "Hell. You have a deal! She
could never earn that much picking vegetables."
     He took my hand to lead me out of the restaurant my Dad yelled,
"Jane. You do anything he wants or I'll whip your ass bloody."
     I didn't know what to expect but it certainly wasn't what happened.
He took me to a beauty parlor where they bathed me in sweet smelling bath
oil then dressed me in a cute dress and new panties your Dad had bought.
Then they did my hair and put on makeup. I was thrilled. I had never
looked pretty before and this was my first new dress. Mom bought our
clothes at Goodwill.
     He took me back to his motel and then said, "Do you mind your Daddy?"
     I said, "Oh yes sir. He can be really mean if I don't mind."
     "Good. I want to make a little test before I go to work on his case.
Lay over my lap. I am going to give you a little spanking."
     I knew my Dad would kill me if he didn't take the case so I went to
him to lay over his lap. He lifted my skirt to spank my panties with his
hand. It didn't hurt much. Nothing like my Dads spanking with kindling
wood or his belt so I didn't cry. 
     He was pleased and said, "Good. I like obedient little girls."  Then
he told me to go to bed. I took off the dress and hung it up then crawled
under the covers just wearing panties.
     In a few minutes he came in leaving the lights off and slid into bed
beside me wearing a t-shirt and long boxer shorts. He put his hand on my
breast and caressed it saying "Has anyone done this before?" I said,"No."
then he moved his hand to my crotch and said, "How about here?" I said
"No." again. He removed his hand just saying, "Good." and went to sleep! 
     I was amazed. My older sister told me she had slept with a man and it
had been thrilling. The caresses had felt nice but I couldn't understand
why she had been so excited.
     We slept late in the comfortable bed then he took me to the
courthouse where he left me with the receptionist after telling me to stay
put while he talked to the district attorney. I moved to a chair next to a
window because we were on the ninth floor and I had never been so high. It
seemed I could see forever and was still on my knees staring out the
window when he returned. He said gruffly, "Didn't I tell you to stay put?"
     I said "Yessir but I wanted to see out the window."
     He just said, "Let's go. We are done here." Then we went to a fast
food restaurant for lunch. Even that was thrilling but some ketchup
spilled from my hamburger onto my new dress. I was devastated and cried,
"Oh no! I have ruined my new dress!"  He just told me to go to the
bathroom and wipe it off with wet towels. It cleaned up and I came back to
show him that only a wet spot remained. We finished our burgers then he
took me to his car and started back to the motel. He waid, "You have not
had agood day. First you disobeyed me by moving from your chair and then
ruined your dress. You know you will have to be punished. Don't you?"
     I looked down at my dress to see that although the ketchup was gone
there was still a dry water mark. I said, "Yessir. Will you use your belt
like Daddy this time?"
     He seemed surprised then said, "I suppose you desrve that don't you?"
     "Yessir I guess so."
     When we got to the motel I wanted to get it over with as soon as
possible. I hated the way my Dad did it by telling me way in advance to
let my fear build. I went over to an overstuffed chair and pulled my dress
up to my chest and laid over the back. He took off his belt and hit my
poor butt several times to make me cry but it still was not nearly as bad
as my Dad's spanking.
     Then he pulled down my skirt and told me to wash off the tears
because he was taking me home. On the way I said,"Are you taking me home
because you are mad at me? I am sorry I needed to be punished."
     He waid, "Would you rather stay with me even though I spank you."
     I said, "Yes." and I meant it. Even if he spanked me everyday it
would be better than living in our old shack and picking tomatoes all day.
     When we got to our cabin he told my Dad that the ticket was taken
care of. Dad was really surprised. He had expected to at least have to go
to court. Then your Dad said, I would like to make another deal with you.
Your daughter and I like each other and I want to marry her but you would
have to swear she is seventeen and give your permission. I'll give you a
thousand dollars for doing that.
     My Dad agreed immediately. I don't think he had ever seen a thousand
dollars before and probably assumed he would get more later. We went over
the stateline to Nevada and got a license and married in a few hours then
Bill took Dad and Mom home and counted out ten hundred dollar bills. 
     I never saw them again. Bill didn't give them our address and
wouldn't let me write to them. You know the rest."
     I rewound the tape then decided I didn't want him to be distracted by
the picture so I unplugged the video cable just leaving the sound so we
could use the music to stay in step.
     We sat around anxiously awaiting Jim while sipping a drink. Jim
brought Jason home with him!  Mom and I grinned at each other happy to
know we would get fucked at least twice as much.
     Jason was impressed. When Jim introduced Mom he said, "This is Jane's
mother? She looks like a slightly older sister! They are really cute in
those cheerleader outfits."
     "Yeah and they were told to learn some routines. Are you ready?"
     I said"Yes." and started the tape. They really enjoyed it applauding
and cheering as our breasts bounced and everything flashed at them. We
finished by doing the splits with our arms stretched up to pull the
sweaters up above our nipples. Jason applauded wildly and said, "I love
the cheerleader outfits. They really look cute in them."
They are even cuter without them. Take off your sweater Jane."
     I know it may sound silly considering I had been naked in front of
about a hundred men but this was different somehow. When I had it off so I
could turn slowly in front of them while they complimented my flat stomach
it made me blush. When it was Mom's turn it seemed to affect her the same
way. Then we were told to take off the skirts. We were both blushing and
nervously giggling like little girls as we faced them naked. Jason
continued the compliments but they were not directed toward us. Jason
would say things like, "They have beautiful breasts and butts. Did you put
them on an exercise program or special diet to make them look this good?"
     It was just like someone might compliment you on your purebred dog or
horse. Even when he came over to fondle us he would say, "They have nice
firm stomachs and legs but they could be firmer. I would suggest having
them trot up and downstairs for about fifteen minutes a day."
     Even when the scene changed to sex we seemed to be just trained
animals. Jim told me to take off his clothes and for Mom to take off
Jasons at the same time. Naturally we became excited. When they were naked
we reached out to fondle their hard dicks.
     Jim said, "Did we tell you to fondle our dicks?"
     I suddenly felt like a small child in front of a school principal and
said, "No sir. Don't you want me to do it?"
     "We will tell you what we want. You will be punished for being
forward. Both of you! Go get your whips!" 
     Mom and I began to cry. We had been anxious to have sex and only
meant to please but we dutifully got our thonged whips and knelt in front
of them to await futher instructions. Jim and Jason discussed the ways we
could be punished. They finally agreed and told us to push out our breasts
and ask them humbly to give them twenty lashes.
     I whimpered, "Please whip my breasts twenty times for being so
farward."
     Enen this wasn't good enough for him. He asked, "Hard?" I had to
rephrase my request to, "Please whip my breasts hard. I deserve it."
     Mom learned from me and even went further saying, "Jason please whip
my tits very hard. Make them burn for not waiting for your instruction."
     They made them burn, ache too, from being jerked from side to side
and up and down but the humiliation of knowing we had asked for them
seemed to make it worse. Mom and I talked about it later and decided that
down deep we must realize we needed punishment for our slutty ways. Other
wise we would have begged them not to hurt us.
     After pleasing them by asking humbly to be whipped we were rewarded
by them going down on us and fucking us till we had great orgasms.
     Unfortunately the fact that we could get great orgasms from the men
who had hurt us so terribly just seemed to confirm the fact that we were
worthless sluts that deserved all the pain we could endure.



                                                       March, 30, 1990
Dear Diary,
     This may be the last time I write to you.
     After our fabulous night of sex that gave us so many glorious orgasms
Jim said on his way to work that we should think of something especially
humiliating or painful to suggest they do to us. If they thought it would
be amusing they would do it and guarantee we received great orgasms. If
not they would just tie us so we would not be able to masturbate or please
each other and go out to find something amusing to do.
     We thought about it and decided it would be thrilling to have them
lie on their backs and whip our breasts and stomachs with their belts
while we fucked them.
     That night we asked them to do it but they were not interested. Jim
said, "That is neither painful or humiliating we all know you would enjoy
that immensely."
     They took us to the basement and tied us with our hands behind our
backs so we could not touch ourselves facing a TV. After it was turned on
we saw the living room in it and realized our camcorder had been hooked to
it. About an hour later we saw Jim and Jason come into the room with a
girl I recognized as Jason's secretary.  They had a few drinks then Jason
suggested that she do a strip tease for them. She did it! The little slut!
Her only condition was that everytime she took off something they would
too.
     By the end of the second song from the stereo she was naked and sat
giggling between them while they fondled her pussy and breasts. They began
going down on her then fucking her till she was screaming from the thrills
of her orgasms while Mom and I were fantastically frustrated not being
able to be touched or even rub our legs together since our ankles were
tied tightly to the floor and apart.
     When she said she was too exhausted to cum anymore they took her
home. They came down and let us loose but we had to sleep alone with our
hands and feet tied to the corner posts to make sure we could not
masturbate.
     The next morning they told us that the girl had suggested that they
give her a spanking for being such a naughty girl which made her horny
enough for another orgasm when they fucked her pussy and ass at the same
time. Jim said, "You see. We can be amused without you. You have suffered
enough. If you want to you may go down on each other." At that he walked
out the door to work leaving us disappointed he was not interested in
watching us. It was terrible! We had become so jaded we could not reach
orgasm just with cunnilingus. Even when we began to slap each other in the
effort to add enough pain to get us over the brink to orgasm it did not
work. We could get very excited but just stay in that terrible moment just
short of orgasm until we gave up frustrated.
     We resigned ourself to the fact that only Jim and Jason could get us
off. We decided to think of more than one thing to offer so if the first
did not appeal to them we could offer an alternative even more painful or
humiliating than the last.
     We remembered that it had really excited him to whip us hancuffed
back to back so we decided to offer that especially since we had been
given great orgasms.
     When they got home we made them drinks, in the nude of course, then
offered the back to back whipping.
     Jim said we had no imagination. He had already done that and got up
to leave. We begged him to wait Then offered to go out to the rose garden
to cut rose branches which they could use on us while we presented us to
them in any pose they wished. That appealed to them.
     They started by just having us bend over with our hands behind our
heads so they could cover our butts and the tops of our breasts with drops
of blood from the thorns. Then we knelt in front of them sitting up
straight while our nipples and face of our breasts were punctured. Finally
we had to lift our breasts by pinching and lifting our nipples so they
could cover the underside. Finally we had to do the splits then lie back
so our entire crotch could be bloodied. Mom and I were so perverted we
came! At that point they fucked us and ate our pussies till we screamed
that we could not cum anymore.
     It is getting worse each time although some of the more terrible
things will satisfy them for a few days while we heal. The more we suffer
the more we feel we deserve it. It isn't only pain. We have even offered
to drink their piss and pull them around in garden carts by rings they
have put in the lips of our pussies while we are steered by reins hooked
to rings put in our nipples by pushing nails through them.
     I am just too ashamed to continue to record the things we will offer
to do just to get the relief or orgasms so I will say "Goodbye."

                                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





