BDSM Library - Cold




Cold
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jessica and Jennifer's car breaks down on an extremely cold night. They accept a ride with two men who tell them to 'put out or get out'.
Cold
by Terri Madison

Jessica huddled with Jennifer beneath the blanket. Outside the car, the
winds swirled, blowing the snow in every direction.  The temperature was
well below freezing; the wind made it feel even colder.

Tentatively, Jessica reached a hand out from under the blanket and tried to
crank the ignition again.  Nothing.

"It's no use, sis," her older sister lamented, her teeth chattering.  "It's
dead."

And indeed it was.  The car had stalled and died, roughly halfway between
Minneapolis and the wilderness cabin to which the two sisters were headed.
They'd been unable to get it to turn over again, despite their repeated
efforts.

"What are we going to do," Jessica quavered, fear rising in her voice.

"Let's just worry about staying warm," Jennifer said.  "Once we don't show
at the cabin, the guys will come looking for us."

"The guys" were Steve and Mike.  Steve was Jennifer's boyfriend.  At
Jennifer's suggestion, he had introduced his best friend, Mike, to
Jessica.  Six months later, 19 year old Jessica was still a virgin.  Mike
didn't seem to mind waiting, though at times he had confided to Steve that
he was a little frustrated that the two of them hadn't gone beyond heavy
petting.  Steve had talked with Jennifer, who had had a long talk with her
younger sister about it.  The result--Jessica had agreed to come along to
Steve's cabin.

Jessica had repeatedly said nothing was going to happen.  But secretly she
was very excited.  Maybe, she had mused, she wouldn't pull Mike's hands
away when he tried to slip them into her pants this time.

"D-do you t-think they'll come s-soon?" Jessica shivered.

"I'm sure they will, " her 23-year old sister assured her.

Just then, they heard a car in the distance.  Peeking out from beneath the
blanket, Jennifer was elated and relieved to see headlights.  Safe at
last!  Opening the passenger door, she steeled herself against the biting
cold, and determinedly waved down the approaching vehicle.

It wasn't Steve and Mike.  The car was driven by two men in their late
twenties, who readily agreed to take the sisters wherever they needed to
go.

Piling into the back seat, Jennifer requested that they go "someplace
warm!!!"  Jessica, always the shy one, stayed silent.  The driver of the
car, who introduced himself as Brad, courteously cranked up the blower.

They drove in silence.  The guy in the passenger seat, Scott, craned his
head around quite a few times to take in the sight of the two girls.  Aside
from a slightly smaller frame, young Jessica was essentially a blonde
carbon copy of her light brown haired sister.  The only other noticeable
difference was Jennifer's buxom chest--a feature to which Scott's eyes kept
returning.  Jennifer shifted uncomfortably in her seat.

Sharing a glance, Brad turned the car onto a wooded, disused gravel drive
and came to a stop.  Then he turned around to face the girls.

"We helped you out.  Now it's time for you to do something for us."

"What did you have in mind," Jennifer inquired suspiciously.

"Take your shirts off.  We wanna see what you've got under there," Scott
requested.

"Excuse me?" Jennifer demanded.

"You look like you got yourself a nice pair," Scott drawled.  "Let's have a
look."

"I don't think so."

"Either do it, or no ride," Brad pointed out.

"That's fine.  Take us back to our car, then."  Steve and Mike would likely
already have found the car, and would be waiting there for them, Jennifer
thought.  And might even teach these thugs a thing or two about how to show
respect to a lady....

"Nope...you can walk back yourself," Scott said coldly, reaching back and
throwing Jennifer's door open.

Wincing at the biting cold, Jennifer frowned.  "Hey...come on.  This isn't
funny."

"It's not meant to be," Scott retaliated.  "Now...take it off or get out."

Jennifer thought about it...but only for a second.  Even with their heavy
coats, the girls would freeze to death in a matter of minutes.

Recognizing that they had no choice, Jennifer sighed in disgust.  "Fine.
If you want a cheap thrill, fine by me."  She began to slowly pull her
sweatshirt up over her head, revealing a black lace bra.  "Just take us
back to our car," she demanded, attempting to take charge of the situation.

"Her too," Brad demanded, indicating Jessica, who hadn't moved a muscle and
was still fully clothed.  The younger girl's eyes widened, and she began
blushing.

Jennifer attempted to protect her little sister.  "No.  You want to play
your little games...you play them with me.  Leave my sister out of it."

Ignoring her, Scott addressed young Jessica.  "Get your top off, now...or
we throw you both out."

Tears came to Jessica's eyes, and she turned to her sister.

"Guys.  Knock it off.  You're scaring her," Jennifer admonished.  And me
too, she added silently.  "C'mon, this has gone far enough."

"It'll go as far as we want it to.  I think you need to start appreciating
the predicament you're in," Brad explained.  "We're in the middle of
nowhere, and it's 20 below zero outside.  Now, either do what we say, or
get out of our car."

"What are you going to do to us?" Jennifer demanded anxiously.

Matter-of-factly, Scott replied, "Whatever we want.  Now get this bitch out
of her shirt before I throw you both out of the car."

"It's OK, sis," Jennifer murmured.  "Go ahead.  I won't let them hurt
you..."  But would she be able to keep her promise?

Beet-red, Jessica whispered, "B-but....I...I'm not wearing a bra...."  And
it was true.  The younger girl had been feeling very sexy, and had wanted
to do something naughty for her boyfriend this weekend.

Of all the times you picked to stop being a prude, sis, Jennifer cursed
silently.  But she hugged her sister, and turned to plead with the two men.

"Please leave my sis out of this.  Please?"  Scott reached for the door
handle again.  Jennifer grabbed his hand and met his eyes.  "Can't we work
something out?  Please?  I wouldn't mind having a little fun with you--" a
sidelong glance at Brad "--with both of you.  You can do anything you want
with me.  I mean it.  Just not my sister.  Please."

For his answer, Scott reached back and ripped Jessica's blouse open, the
buttons flying everywhere.  "I SAID--"  he stopped and caught his breath.
"My god...she's got no bra on!  Looks like we got a real slut on our
hands!"

Both sisters were crying now.  "PLEASE!" Jennifer begged, pulling Scott
away from Jessica.  "Please, I'll do anything..."

"'Anything'?" Scott mocked.

"Yes.  Anything.  As long as you leave my sis alone."

"Get up here, in the front seat with me."  Jennifer clambered over the
seat, ending up in the front seat between the two men.  "Now," Scott
ordered, "sit on my lap."  Jennifer complied.  Scott undid her jeans and
pulled them down, delighted to find that the older, more experienced woman
had on a matching pair of black panties.  He was rock-hard, and rubbing his
cock against Jennifer's ass through the material of his jeans, while
cupping and playing with her large breasts.

Brad, meanwhile, climbed over into the back seat with Jessica, who shrank
away from him in fear.

"Come here, little girl....I just want to say hi..." he teased, unbuckling
his belt and sliding his pants off.

Jennifer was enraged.  "Hey...you said...!  YOU SAID YOU'D LEAVE HER
ALONE!!  I'LL KILL YOU IF YOU TOUCH HER, YOU BASTARD!!!"

"You know," Brad spoke softly to Jessica, caressing her hair, "your sister
has a big mouth.  Since she wants to be in charge so much...."

The man grabbed Jessica in a headlock, and moved his forearm to block her
windpipe, choking her.  "Since she wants to be in charge so much," he
continued, effortlessly choking the 19-year old, despite her struggles,
"I'm going to let her decide which of your three holes I should put my cock
into first!"

Watching in horror, Jennifer was also struggling.  She, too, was in an iron
grip, and could only watch helplessly as Brad choked her sister.

"Please--" Jennifer pleaded, tears rolling down her cheeks.

"Nope...NOT the answer to my question that I was looking for!"  Brad
squeezed harder.  Jessica was turning blue.

Jennifer realized she had no choice.  "H-her m-m-mouth."

Victoriously, Brad let go of Jessica, who coughed and desperately gasped
for air.  "You hear that, honey?  Your big sister thinks you'll make a
great cock sucker!"  Grabbing a handful of Jessica's blonde hair in one
hand, and pulling his underwear down with the other, Brad pulled the young
girl toward his erect prick.

Jennifer could only watch in horror.  She'd picked what she thought to be
the least of three evils.  She only hoped that these monsters would stop at
that.  All the while, Scott cruelly pinched and squeezed her tits.
Wincing, she put the pain aside and tried to reason with the two men.

"Listen....wouldn't you want someone more experienced doing that for you?
I...I do it for my boyfriend all the time.  Please...let me do it instead.
Please...not my sister..."

Jessica's face was pressed against Brad's cock, but she stubbornly refused
to take it into her mouth.

"Suck it, whore," she was told.

"No...I don't do that...not even with my boyfriend..." the girl explained.

"Well...you are going to do it with me," Brad intoned.  "Now open your
mouth and get to it."

"Please.  I've never done it before...I wouldn't be good at it...you
wouldn't enjoy...please...." Jessica pleaded.  Jennifer sobbed for her
sister.

"You know what I think?  I think you're better than you give yourself
credit for.  Let's find out."  Brad nodded to Scott, who in one swift
motion, opened his door and threw Jennifer out of the car into the cold!
Quickly he slammed the door shut and locked it.

"NOOOOO!!!! Jennie--" Jessica wailed, frantically clawing to open the
door.  Brad held her easily as the older girl, stripped down to her bra and
panties, screamed in the sub-zero cold outside the car.  Jennifer begged to
be let back in, even as her little sister pleaded on her behalf inside the
car.  "PLEASE!!!  She'll freeze to death!"

"You want me to let her back in?" Brad asked softly.

"Yes...please..."

"Then you know what you have to do."

"Yes....I'll do it...I'll do it!" Jessica looked at her captor
apprehensively.  "I'll do it...just please open the door!"

"I'll open the door...when you make me cum in that pretty little mouth of
yours."  Brad leaned back in the seat, waiting.

Outside the car, Jennifer watched helplessly, trying desperately to stay
warm, as her baby sister resignedly took Brad into her mouth.  "No...oh,
Jessica...." she sobbed.

Jessica did the best she could.  Having never seen a cock before, she had
no idea how to take it into her mouth without gagging.  So she tentatively
nibbled and sucked on the tip, stopping every few seconds to beg the two
men to please, let Jennifer back in the car.

While Brad got sucked off by the inexperienced Jessica, Scott surveyed
Jennifer, who was hopping up and down in an effort to stay warm.  This had
the unfortunate side effect of creating a great bounce in her all natural,
firm 36-DD boobs, which mesmerized Scott.

"Look at the way her tits bounce, man!" Scott pointed out excitedly.

"I'm kinda busy right now," his pal grunted as he fucked the younger girl's
mouth.  Nevertheless, he too looked out the window and admired the sight of
the hapless Jennifer.

Scott wanted to see more.  Cracking the window slightly, he ordered
Jennifer, "take off your bra and give it to me."  The freezing girl made no
move to comply...until Scott offered to have Jessica join her out there.
Then she hurriedly fumbled with the demi bra, taking it off and handing it
to Scott through the slightly opened window.  Protectively, she cupped her
tits, concealing them.

"Get your hands down, whore!" she was directed, and reluctantly did so.
Both men whistled appreciatively.

"Man...look at how hard her nipples are!" Scott proclaimed excitedly.
Checking the tag in the bra, "Whew!  36 double-D!"

In the backseat, Brad pulled Jessica up by her hair.  "Why don't you have a
pair like that?"  He then roughly forced her head back down, forcing
himself back into her mouth, and with his free hand cruelly pinched her
tits and nipples, as if to punish her for having smaller breasts than her
sister.

Outside the car, Jennifer was losing feeling in her extremities--including
her bare breasts.  Her face was streaked with tears which had quickly
turned to ice, as she helplessly watched her little sister get orally
raped.  Now she tried pleading again.

"P-p-please...let me....in!  I'll do...both of you...whatever you
w-w-want..."  In the back seat, Jessica popped her head up to plead for her
sister again, and was soundly slapped.  Jennifer went off.  "YOU F-F-UCKING
BASTARD I'LL KILL Y-YOU!!!! YOU BASTARD...OH GOD PLEASE LEAVE HER
ALONE....ANYTHING Y-YOU WANT...."

"I'm getting close, bitch," Brad grunted to his pretty teen captive as she
gingerly sucked on the tip of his prick.  "And you'd better swallow every
drop, unless you want your sister to stay out there until you do it
right...."

Jessica steeled herself for it.  It couldn't be all that bad...after all,
her older sister did it all the time.  Before Jennifer had gone off to
college, Jessica had been able to hear through the walls, when her sister
had a boyfriend over and was going down on him.  She'd hear him telling her
what a talented mouth she had, and her sister's muffled replies.  Once,
she'd spied on them, and seen her sister take the guy's rather large cock
all the way in her mouth, till it looked like she'd choke.  He'd then
grunted and filled Jennifer's mouth with his jism, some of which overflowed
out of the corners of her mouth and dripped down onto her ample bosoms.
Jennifer had eagerly raised her tits to her mouth and licked herself cleam.

So, it couldn't possibly be THAT repulsive.  Besides, Jessica thought
grimly, she had no choice.  She had to do this for her sister.

With a small gasp and a "Here it comes, swallow it, whore...." Brad tensed
up, and the warm, salty cream filled Jessica's mouth.  It felt really
slimy, but didn't taste all that bad, she thought, and was able to swallow
it all.

Once done, she immediately began pleading again.  "OK...I did what you
asked.  Now let my sister in."

Scott nodded, and Brad let go of Jessica, retreating back to the front
seat.  The blonde immediately opened the door and helped her nearly naked
sister into the car, unmindful of the biting cold.  Once inside, the two
girls hugged tightly in the back seat.

"How are you, Jennie?" Jessica asked apprehensively.

"C-c-cold..." Jennifer shivered.

"Well," Scott directed the blonde, "she's cold.  Better warm her up."  As
the teen reached for her sister's sweatshirt, "No.  Not with that.  Kiss
her."  Jessica kissed her sister on the lips softly.  "No.  Not like
that...kiss her like she's your lover.  Stick your tongue in her mouth, and
let her taste some of that cum you just swallowed."

"No...she's my sister...I can't--"

SLAP! Brad's open hand connected with Jessica's cheek--hard.  "You don't
want to say 'no' to either of us, ever again."  And so the sisters kissed,
in a shy incestual duel of their tongues.  This only got the guys more
excited.

"Now, slut--" Scott began.

"My name's Jennifer," the brunette replied curtly.

"Now, slut," Scott continued, undaunted, "we want to see some good old
fashioned incest.  Namely, we want to see your dear little sister going
down on you.  And we want to hear the play by play...you telling her
everything you want her to do."

"And if she doesn't....you'll both get thrown out of the car," Brad added.

Jessica was now bawling.  Kissing her sister was one thing....but they
wanted her to....she couldn't even bear to think of it.  The thought of
doing that to another woman was sick enough.  But to do it to her own
SISTER....

Jennifer leaned close and gave her sister a wan smile.  "How you doing,
sis?"

Jessica sniffled.  "I'm OK, I guess...oh Jennie, I don't think I CAN...."

"You have to, sweetie...look at me.  You have to.  I don't like this any
more than you.  Just...just think of it as us showing how much we love each
other, sis."

The teen's voice broke. "I...do love you...."  They embraced until Scott
reached menacingly for the door handle.

"Um...ok.....sis...um...I want you to...um...take my...panties off me.
That's right...slip them off.  Now...um...your head...in my lap...that's
it, sweetie.  Um...use your...use your sweet little tongue...lick that
part...right there.  Go on.  Do it...come on, Jessica, we need to do this.
Lick...ooooooh there.  Again?  Now...again.  Keep doing that..."

Once Jessica was able to get past the stigma of lesbianism, not to mention
it being her own sister, she actually began to enjoy licking Jennifer.  The
older girl's neatly trimmed pussy was really quite tasty.  And Jennie's
moans didn't seem to all be choreographed and faked, in which case Jessica
felt good that she was bringing some pleasure to her sister.  After her
ordeal when Scott had locked her out of the car, Jennifer deserved to feel
good.

And the brunette DID feel good.  "There, sis...um...use your tongue...up
and down...there..."  Secretly, a part of Jennifer was deeply aroused.
She'd always had a fantasy about being served by a younger woman, and
directing her in the ways of girl-girl lovemaking.  Too bad it had to be
her own sister...although Jessica WAS licking her off very well.  Jennifer
had to remind herself several times of the predicament that she and her
sister were in, and focus on finding a way out of it.  Though it was
becoming increasingly hard to concentrate....

"Yeah sis.  Um...lick it.  Ohhhhh..." Building.  "OOOHHHHHHH...."  Jennifer
was still shaking--but no longer from the cold.  Now, her body was shaking
with pleasure.

"OHHHHHHHH GAWD....."  And just like that...Jennifer had her orgasm.  In
the back seat of a car, at the whim of two men who had basically kidnapped
them, and being licked off by her little sister!  As the waves of pleasure
faded away, Jennifer's sensation of guilt and humiliation rose, even as
Jessica continued to lick her.

"Ummmm...ummm...ok, sis...you're done..."  Lifting her head, Jessica
couldn't meet her sister's eyes, until Jennifer put her hands on the sides
of the younger girl's face, turning her so that they were face to face.  "I
love you, sis," Jennifer whispered, then kissed her sister softly on the
lips.

"That was great," Scott said mockingly.  "But doesn't little Jessica
deserve some pleasure as well?"

"Please leave her alone.  You've already done enough," Jennifer pleaded.

"You sure are selfish.  Your little sister just licked you off, and you're
not going to do ANYTHING to thank her?"

"Please..."

"Fine, then.  Well, sorry Jessica, we tried..." Scott sighed
apologetically.

Jennifer's eyes went wide with fright.  "No...please...I'll do whatever you
had in mind," she promised hurriedly.

"We tried, Jessica, but I guess big sis is only worried about making sure
she gets herself off.  You'll have to do it alone..."

Jessica didn't understand.

"Masturbate.  Play with yourself.  Haven't you ever masturbated?"

"N-no," Jessica replied.

"Well, get out of those pants.  Now's as good a time as any to learn...."
Scott leered.

Jennifer was crying again.  "Please....don't...."

Brad turned his attention to Jennifer.  "Jennie...do you masturbate?"

"Yes...all the time.  I'll be glad to put on a show for you boys..."
Jennifer seized the opportunity to try and spare her sister some
humiliation.

"No...that won't be necessary.  But since you know so much, you're going to
guide your little sister.  Tell her what to do."

"No...please, let me do it for you instead...then I'll do both of you."

"Look," Scott threatened, "if you don't want your sister's fingers in her
cunt, just say so....I'm sure we can come up with other things to put in
there."

"Ok..." Jennifer said, beaten.  Jessica looked scared.

"I think she needs to get naked, don't you?" Brad suggested.

"Yes...OK...." the older sister stammered.  "Um...Jessica...please take
your shirt off..."  In a lower voice, she soothed, "Just look at me.  Keep
your eyes on me, sweetie."  Jessica did as she peeled off her torn shirt.

The two guys enjoyed.  Jessica had smaller boobs than her older sister, but
her nipples were the same size.  Still, she'd always been envious of her
older sister.

And, although Jessica didn't know it, Jennifer had also been envious of
her.  How nice it must feel, the buxom brunette had thought on many
occasions, to be able to carry on a conversation with a guy without having
him talk to your chest...or to be able to walk the mall without feeling the
stares.

Now, as Jennifer gazed at her sister's chest, she wondered if Jessica's
nipples were as sensitive as her own.  She decided to find out.
"Jessica...take your hands...ummm...put them on your boobs.  Now take your
fingers...and rub...rub your nipples between.  Yeah, like that.  Just
relax.  It'll feel good."  And Jennifer *wanted* her little sis to feel
good.  Who knew what these thugs might have in mind for the two sisters
later?

Jessica's nipples were now hard, as she continued to play with them.

"That feels good...doesn't it?"

"Ohhhh yeah.  It does Jennie..."

Brad cleared his throat.  "Get on with it," he growled.

"Ok...sis...you need to...you need to take your pants off now."  Jessica,
jerked back into reality, looked afraid.  "It's Ok.  Just keep looking at
me."  The 19 year old slowly slipped her pants down.   "You've really
turned into a beautiful woman, Jessica."

"Thanks," Jessica whispered, her eyes full of dread but never leaving her
sister's eyes.  Her pants joined the rest of the girls' clothing on the
floorboard of the car.

"The panties too," Brad demanded.

Jennifer soothed her sister.  "It's ok."

"Please," Jessica begged of her sister, "please let me keep them on."  As
if Jennifer had a say in the matter.

Appealing to their captors, Jennifer requested, "Please, can she keep them
on?"

"NO!" both men answered at the same time.  They thought this was very
funny.

"I'm sorry..." Jennifer consoled her sister.

"Please..." Jessica croaked.

"Take them off, little sis.  It's gonna be ok...I promise."  But the words
sounded empty, knowing as she did that these two terrible men held all the
cards.

Slowly, her hands shaking, Jessica pulled her nondescript white panties
down.  It quickly became apparent why she had been so reluctant to do so.
Both men gaped in amazement, and even Jennifer was surprised.

"My god," Scott gasped, "her pussy is totally bare!"

"No bra...shaved pussy..." Brad agreed, "this slut was sure looking to get
fucked this weekend!"

More than anything else that had happened since the sisters had been
"rescued", this humiliated Jessica most of all.  Mostly because she was
ashamed of what Jennifer would think of her.

But Jennifer was actually amused.  You're full of surprises, sis, she
thought.  Looks like Mike was going to be one lucky guy this weekend.



"Ok...um...just go slow.  Relax and let it feel good."

"Mmmmm it does."

"Take your other hand, sweetie, and....um...rub yourself..."

"Ok..."

"There.  Keep rubbing it while you work your other finger inside you."

"OHHHHHH..."

"In and out, sis...there you go...doesn't that feel good?"

"UNH...YES!!!" Jessica agreed.

"Fuck yourself, sis!"

"UHHHH...YEAH.....UHHHHH...FUCK....PLEASE JENNIE....DO ME....UHHHH LIKE I
DID YOU!!!!"

Without even thinking, Jennifer dove into Jessica's crotch, her tongue
quickly finding its mark.  The two men, watching breathlessly, didn't try
to stop her.  The older sister knew what she was doing...having fooled
around at a few slumber parties in her time, Jennifer knew her way around a
pussy.

Mercilessly, Jennifer assaulted her sister's clit.  Shrieking, the blonde
threw her head back as wave after wave of pleasure swept through her.
Jennifer didn't let up, instead opting to continue eating her sister for
all she was worth.  Her reasoning was that it was likely these men would do
some horrible things to Jessica...and if she gave Jessica some pleasure,
maybe it would be enough for the younger girl to hold onto and make it
through this ordeal.

Besides, Jessica's bald pussy looked so damn GOOD....and tasted good too.
The older girl forgot all about the fact that this was her little sister.
Forgot all about the fact that the two of them were being forced to put on
a show for these two tormentors.  Her only focus was to bury her face in
Jessica's cunt, and make the little wench scream....and then to make her
scream harder.  She quickly succeeded in both endeavors.

Neither of the girls had even noticed that Brad had gotten behind the wheel
and had been driving.  Now, they were only marginally aware of the car
coming to a stop, and the engine being cut.

"Ok....time to get out." The girls hurriedly dressed and were ushered out
of the car, flanked by their captors.  Jennifer looked at their
surroundings in shock.  The two men had taken them to Steve's cabin!

"Hey!  What...what have you done to--" Jennifer began.  She was interrupted
by Scott, who shoved her in the back.

"Shut up and get inside."

The four of them entered the cabin.  Mike was sitting in an easy chair;
Steve was nowhere to be found.  Jessica ran to Mike.

"Oh, Mike, it was terrible, these two guys..."

She was cut off by Mike's words, which shocked her.  "You guys didn't fuck
her, did you?"

"No, boss," Scott and Brad both said.

"WHAT???" Jessica demanded.

"Don't act so surprised, sweet little Jessica.  Innocent and pure.  For six
months, I've taken you to dinner.  Movies.  Trips.  Bought flowers, candy,
dresses.  You didn't think all of that was without price, did you?"

"Mike--"

"I do all that for you....but when I'm in the mood to play with your pussy,
you push my hand away and ask me to take you home."  He let that sink in.
"Well...tonight I'm not taking you home.  I'm just taking you."

"YOU BASTARD!!!!!" Jennifer screamed.  Scott and Brad both held her
tightly, otherwise she would have killed Mike.

"Ahhhh...Jennifer.  Big sister to the rescue," Mike patronized.  "You
know...it's too bad you didn't teach Jessica to be a whore like her big
sister.  Or all this wouldn't have been necessary."

"Mike....please....for god's sake, she just wanted to save herself..."

"She wanted to be a tease.  A FUCKING TEASE.  Wearing those tight,
revealing outfits...low cut blouses...sexy fishnets, heels...she was a
tease.  And she learned it from her slut big sister."

"You bastard," Jennifer repeated. "I hate you.  What do you want?"

"Isn't it clear by now?" Mike laughed.  "I'm going to take from Jessica
what she owes me.  WITH INTEREST.  Plus a little something for my friends,"
he indicated Brad and Scott.

Jessica had nothing to say; she just stood there, numb with shock, as her
first love utterly betrayed her and announced his plans to use and abuse
her.

Jennifer, meanwhile, tried a different tack.  "Mike...please.  Let's be
reasonable..."

"I'm through being reasonable.  Would you like to watch your little sister
get fucked now?"  He paused.  "Oh, don't worry.  When I'm through with your
sister's cunt, ass, and mouth--in that order--I'm going to turn little
Jessica over to my friends here...and then I'm going to shove my cock
between your big tits and fuck them too."

"NOOOOO...MIKE PLEASE..." Thinking quickly, she added, "What about Steve?
Where's Steve?"

Mike shook his head sadly.  "He went down by the lake a little while ago.
I think he may have had an ice fishing accident.  Damn shame."

"YOU...YOU...." Jennifer shook with rage.  Then she collected herself.
"I'm going to get him."

None of the men tried to stop her; instead, they surrounded Jessica.

"LEAVE MY SISTER ALONE!" Jennifer demanded.

"Nope," Mike grinned, "It's already decided that I'm going to fuck her
tight little cunt.  As for Scott and Brad....well, they were hoping to keep
busy with you while Jessica pays her debt.  But if you leave....well,
Jessica will have to take on all three of us.  One in each hole," he
elaborated.

"Please...Steve will freeze to death out there...."

"Better go get him then," he taunted her.

"PLEASE....DON'T MAKE ME CHOOSE!!!!!"

"The choice is yours."

Jennifer sobbed hysterically as she pondered her agonizing decision.  Her
little sister--and her innocence at stake....or her boyfriend--and his life
at stake.  She made her decision.

She couldn't even bring herself to look at Jessica as she opened the door
and stepped outside to find her boyfriend.

As she stumbled through the darkness toward the lake, she heard the
screaming begin from the cabin, accompanied by the laughter of three men,
as Jessica was taken.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Terri Madison


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





