BDSM Library - Husband's Punishment




Husband's Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Misbehaved husband was punished by his dominant wife and friends, and his other adventures. Here are his punishment reports.
Husband's Punishment
by Michael Ginsburg

Part 1: Wife punishes husband for first time

My Mistress (and wife), Betsy, has dominated me for our entire 30 year
relationship. We have both been totally committed to each other our entire
lives, and we took away each other's virginity on my 18th birthday.

Mistress Betsy and i have been married for over 21 years, and have three
adorable daughters, ages 18, 16 and 13.

Mistress Betsy is 49 years old, stands 5' 6" tall, weighs 122 pounds and has a
36D-23-34 figure. She has long black silky hair that flows to the top of her firm
little rear and has big brown eyes. She has a Ph.D. in Biochemistry, and is
extremely charming and has a great sense of humor.

I am 47 years old, stand 5' 7" tall and weigh 145 pounds. My hair is black and
eyes are hazel in color. My circumcised cock is under 1" in length and extremely
narrow when flaccid. My balls are also undersized. Although my cock does grow
to a length of nearly 7" in length and 2" in diameter when erect. I have a Ph.D.
in Mathematics.

Mistress Betsy was, until recently, the only woman to see my genitals since I've
been old enough to bathe and dress myself.

Usually, I will end up doing something stupid 2 or 3 times a month. This upsets
Mistress Betsy, and she will punish me as follows. She will order me to strip,
after which she will securely tie my hands behind my back. She will then strip as
well. She will then give me a "French" kiss and hug, as well as a knee to the
groin. i am then taken over Mistress Betsy's lap for a bare ass spanking
administered with a ping pong paddle at the rate of 30 swats per minute. She
hits me hard, and the spanking lasts for approximately one hour. During the
spanking, about every 5 minutes, she will reach up between my legs and
squeeze my balls real hard. After a spanking, I am told to lick her until she's
satisfied, which usually takes another hour and until she's had at least had 6 or
7 orgasms. Licking her to orgasm is my favorite activity. I am left tied up for
hours afterwards, and denied any additional sexual gratification.

About 4 months ago, I upset Mistress Betsy so much, she invited her beautiful,
lovely sister, Mistress Carol, over to our house to punish me. Mistress Betsy
knew I would be really bothered by Mistress Carol's punishing me.

Mistress Carol gave me my usual punishment, but the spanking lasted for 3
hours. Talk about a sore ass!!!! Mistress Betsy and Mistress Carol were really
hot from punishing me, and had me to lick them both to multiple orgasms.
Mistress Carol then untied my hands and forced me to jerk off twice. After
cumming each time, Mistress Carol would force me to lick up and swallow my
own cum. This really bothered me, but both my Mistresses thought this was
funny.

They then escorted me to a nudist camp, where all three of us stripped and
toured the grounds. They each held one of my hands so I couldn't cover myself
up. I was TOTALLY humiliated due to the fact all these ladies there were
viewing my grossly undersized genitals. Every time a lady would see me, she
would smile. Several of these younger ladies even broke out into a laugh. Each
time one of these ladies would find my under-endowment funny, Mistress Betsy
would force me to approach the lady and talk to her to be sure I was
embarrassed.

Mistress Betsy would hug and kiss me, as well as "feel me up" at the camp, in
order to try and get me erect. But due to the severe humiliation and that I had
already cum twice that day, I remained flaccid during the entire visit. While I
find this whole experience to be embarrassing to "no end", it made me hornier
than hell, and also taught me to be more careful in the future.




Part 2: I thought I had already learned my lesson

I thought I had learned my lesson. After my wife Betsy and her sister Carol had
totally humiliated me with the visit to the nudist camp with my grossly
undersized genitals, I thought I had finally learned to play by Betsy�s desires
and demands.

Well, I made a big mistake last week when I failed to perform the duties around
the house that Betsy had expected me to perform, and instead found me going
places on the Internet that she had placed off limits.

As promised, for my next misdeed, Betsy invited five of her closest lady friends
over to our house last Saturday at 9 AM for a full day of enjoyment for them and
suffering for me. These very attractive, sexy ladies visit our home regularly,
and had no previous knowledge of my tiny genitals or that Betsy had total
control of me.

Betsy had me strip and had tied my hands behind my back before any of the ladies
came over, and had still not told me what she had planned. When Nancy, the first
of her friends arrived, and I was taken to the front door to greet her, it was
obvious I was in �trouble�.

When Nancy asked if Lisa, Michelle, Susan or Kym had arrived, I realized I was
in for a severe day of embarrassment at the �hands� of these ladies.

Since it had been five days since Betsy had given me any relieve, I was very
horny, and already had a hard-on when Nancy arrived. Nancy looked at me, and was
peeved I already was hard. She slapped me hard, and just gave me a lecture on
being overly excited too early in the game.

Within the next ten minutes the other four ladies arrived, and they along with
Betsy, all striped and began taking turns playing with me. They warned me that
if I ejaculated without permission. I would receive severe punishment.

For several hours, these ladies played with my tiny genitals, slapped me,
spanked while over their laps, and taunted with embarrassing comments about my
size whenever I lost my erection.

Midway through the afternoon session, while Kym was stroking me, I came all over
her. That was the beginning to the end.

At that point, they huddled, and finally decided on what they were going to do
to me. When they finally �broke huddle�, they all had smiles on their faces.

First off, Betsy informed me that I wouldn�t be receiving any �satisfaction� for
six months and that she was going spank me every other day for those six months.

Nancy, Lisa, Michelle, Susan and Kym told me that during that six month period,
they were going to take turns coming over to our house on the off days, when
Betsy wasn�t going to give me my bare ass spanking. They promised to abuse me
sexually and provide me with verbal humiliation about my size. They are to take
turns, and to widen the circle to include a number of their lady friends.

To think that the these ladies, aside from Betsy, will be taking me over their
laps on a regular basis and tanning my behind scares me. And to think that I
have no control to stop the spankings or from the circle of ladies from
widening, has me shaking in my boots.

They then promised to some day soon, bring by a digital camera and take pictures
on my genitals and post them on the Internet with my identity. Betsy was excited
to about this fact.

Mike Ginsburg




Part 3: Punishment report after first week

Well, my daily punishment has now been in force for a week now. And damn are my
genitals and behind sore. And my ego is not fairing very well. Betsy and her
friends have been very unforgiving in punishing me.  I�ve on occasion spoken out
and been given a knee to the groin whenever I say something the ladies do not
appreciate.

The weeknight sessions have lasted anywhere from 3 to 5 hours. And these
sessions have been intense. The weekend sessions have been all day affairs and
have been a tad bit less intense.

My session with Lisa yesterday (Saturday) was the most embarrassing, painful day
of abuse I feel I could ever endure. It began at 8 AM and didn�t end until just
before 7PM when Betsy was due to come home with our three daughters.

Lisa brought over three of her friends: Karen, Jessica and Lori. They brought
along a camcorder and filmed our entire session. They promised to make copies
for Betsy and several of their lady friends.

Michelle�s turn was today, and the session just ended at 10 PM. It began early,
at 3PM. This was a special seven-hour session. There has always been a lot of
sexual tension between us, something I�ve resisted because of my love and
respect for Betsy.

Well, today I had no control of what went on while I was under Michelle�s total
control and Betsy was out enjoying the time out with our daughters.

Michelle decided we were going to have sexual intercourse. She had said early on
today that she had always wanted to bed me, and this seemed to her to be the
opportune time.  She told me that she felt that I must have something going for
me in bed, despite my small genitals. She said that if Betsy could hang in there
for over 21 years of marriage, and give me three children, I must be something
going for me.

Michelle, who at 32 years of age and single, told me she wouldn�t mind at all
giving me a child, so she insisted on no rubber, and also informed me she wasn�t
on the pill. The first two hours together consisted of very passionate
intercourse with my cumming inside of her.

Michelle had two of her lady friends along as a live audience. Michelle�s
friends, Beth and Heather, seemed to have a real good time today. Michelle
promised them they could attend our next session. They have been told they could
also invite some of their lady friends to join us next time.

 I�d say Beth and Heather are in their mid to late twenties, so the group of
ladies tormenting me is getting larger and larger. They also seem to be getting
younger and younger.

 So, as of today, four of the five of Betsy�s friends have had their first
individual day with me. Susan is due on Tuesday, and she had promised me a week
ago Saturday that I was in for a day of torment I won�t forget if I lived to 100
years of age. 

And I am waiting to see what happens when Betsy decides how I should be punished
for having intercourse with Michelle.

Mike Ginsburg




Part 4: Week Two Punishment report

Here we are nearing the end of the second week of my six months of punishment.
Betsy�s friends having been telling us that they�ve really been enjoying
themselves and almost always bringing different young, beautiful, sexy lady
friends along during their sessions with me.

They  (Lisa, Kym, Michelle, Nancy and Susan) tell me that these ladies are there
to make sure I cooperate. I am informed that they are also there so I am exposed
to as much embarrassment as possible. Their friends do in fact participate,
first hand, in the punishment.

Lisa, Kym, Nancy and Susan have been talking about making love to me. They are
saying they too wouldn�t mind becoming pregnant with my child, as long as the
child is a girl. They say their concerned any boy I may father will be as
grossly under endowed as me. They then point at my crotch and laugh.

Betsy had already ordered a digital camera online, which is due to arriving
within several days. She told me that she is having second thoughts about
posting pictures of me, but Nancy told her yesterday that they are all looking
forward to using the camera and posting the pictures.

Nancy says they plan on forcing Betsy to take the pictures and forcing me to
getting them posted. She says they (she and Betsy�s other friends) get real joy
from the thought of getting Betsy and I to do things that will further my
embarrassment.

The initial punishment I received at the hands of Susan (and the four ladies she
invited along) lasted from 5PM until nearly Midnight, and was so severe I passed
out twice.  Aside from the verbal assaults about my size, I was treated to the
usual hard face slaps, over the knee spankings, groin kicks and groin pulls.
They put their entire strength and power into the physical punishment. They were
very unwilling to hold back a little like the other ladies seemed to be doing.

It turns out that Susan was already upset with me. She was just looking for the
chance to hurt me. She and her friends also worked a huge dry dildo up my virgin
ass while trying to rip my balls off. I kept begging Susan to stop, or at least
ease up, but she would just laugh at me.

At the end of the day, she said she was upset because I apparently ignored her
when she had tried to seduce me several years ago. I told her I didn�t remember
the occasion, but was sure I was just being faithful to Betsy. She said she
didn�t want to hear my excuses, and that she was hurt by that experience of
rejection.

Mike Ginsburg




Part 5: Punishment from college coeds

Well, it had been months since I had done anything bad enough to receive
punishment from my wife, Betsy. The punishment at the hands of Betsy�s lady
friends had stopped. So, I had at made. I had finally learned my lesson, but
well.

Our three daughters (ages 17, 15 and 12) knew of the stories and pictures of me
posted on several adult web sites.  The postings bothered the girls, so they
asked the web masters of the sites to remove the postings. And providing each of
them with my approval, they were removed.

Well, Betsy found out several months later upon visiting one of the sites. This
bothered her enough to send a request to the each of the sites, asking for the
stories of my punishment and pictures of my tiny genitals to be reposted.  Her
request was successful.

Betsy works at a local university. She looked for and found four separate lovely
coeds she didn�t even know to come over to our house for a weekend. She made a
particular effort to find the most beautiful, sexiest, first or second year
students.

The four ladies who accepted her invitation were all either 18 or 19 years of
age. She knew that my being punished by teenage ladies would add a special
flavor to my torment. They were each asked to bring along two lady friends a
piece.

In all, there were 12 lovely, young, sexy ladies ages 18 and 19 involved. They
were at our home from 6:30 PM on Friday through 11 PM on Sunday. For the most
part, they did nothing to me that Betsy�s lady friends had done to me, but
coming from such young ladies �freaked� me out. The punishment was non-stop the
whole weekend, with the ladies taking turns to rest. But I was not permitted any
rest during the whole weekend.

I was stark naked with my hands tied behind my back the whole time. The ladies
all striped upon entering our home. What a scene!!!

They would knee me to the groin hard, give me hard slaps to face and the balls,
as well as take me over their laps for bare ass spankings. I hadn�t ever dreamt
of receiving such tough punishment from such young, innocent and sweet looking
young ladies.

Since my hands were tied behind my back, I couldn�t do anything while they�d rub
their soft, tender bodies against me, while giving me hugs and tender kisses.
This made me so damn horny, but I was never allowed to cum during my punishment
weekend. This occurred four months ago, and to this day, Betsy had not permitted
me any sexual relief. But, yet she has made me lick her to multiple orgasm every
day since then.

Mike




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Ginsburg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





