BDSM Library - Coming of Age




Coming of Age
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girls in the Martin family undergo a very special ritual among the town members when they reach womanhood...
Coming of Age
by Terri Madison

After carefully checking traffic, Michelle Martin pulled the car away from
the curb.  She drove around her block once, in a "look at me, I'm driving a
car!" gesture, before heading out onto County Line Road.  Gradually, she
increased speed until she reached the posted limit of 45 miles per hour.
Feeling slightly warm, she rolled the window down and let the spring breeze
blow through her blonde hair.

The 16-year old felt free...the kind of freedom that one feels only when
handed the keys for the first time, and pulling out of the driveway behind
the wheel of the family car, with no nervous parent coaching and fretting
in the passenger seat.  This time, Michelle was going solo, because today
Michelle had gotten her license.

Michelle checked her watch.  She had plenty of time till cheerleader
practice, so as the sun sank toward the west, the teen just drove, enjoying
the feeling.  She drove away all the anxiety surrounding the semester exams
she was facing at school.  Drove away all the stress of being the
co-captain of the cheerleading squad.  Most of all, she drove away from the
increasingly strained relationship between herself and her older sister.

Kellie was 18, and was the oldest.  Over the years, she'd always been a
loving, protecting older sister.  Until recently.

It had started around the time that Kellie had dropped out of high school,
about two years earlier, to take up a full-time job as a secretary down at
the mill.  It had gotten worse around the time that Michelle had began to
take interest in boys, within the past year.  Kellie had been openly
hostile toward any guy Michelle would bring home to introduce to the
family.  The two girls had had a huge fight about it one night, with Kellie
breaking down and sobbing, "I'm just trying to protect you...someday you'll
understand..."  She'd then apologized...but the cold behavior had
continued.

And in recent weeks, it had been worse.  As Michelle practiced for her
driver's test, Kellie had refused to help in any way.  Today, when she had
come home, Michelle had excitedly gone into the house, waving the laminated
driver's license--still slightly warm--to show her older sister.  But
Kellie had only mumbled something incoherent, and gone to her bedroom.  WHY
couldn't her sister just be happy for her? Michelle wondered as she drove.
She'd never figure her sister out.

The answer, as it turned out, was closer than she could imagine.

The teenager wasn't worried when she saw one of the town's two police
cruisers approaching in the rearview mirror.  All the same, she checked her
speedometer.  Still at exactly 45 miles an hour.  The police car pulled up
right behind Michelle and paced her.

Now she was getting nervous.  Had she failed to use her signal properly,
back in town?  Or what if the policeman thought that she'd been drinking?
It didn't help that the police car was now following about three feet
behind the family station wagon, and she could see the driver speaking into
his CB microphone.  She'd be in deep trouble if she were to be given a
ticket the very first time she was driving on her own!

The pretty blonde almost didn't see the pickup truck parked by the side of
the road, just over the shoulder.  But her newly acquired, sharp driving
skills took over, and she slowed accordingly as she approached the
vehicle.  Having been taught by Mr. Kinley, her driver's ed teacher, to be
prepared for anything, Michelle wasn't surprised when the driver's side
door opened suddenly, and she immediately moved over to allow for the open
door as she passed.

As she moved back into her lane, Michelle glanced into the rearview again.
The cop was still following...and now his red, white and blue lights were
flashing.  Surprised, she eased the station wagon over to the shoulder of
the road.  What did I do? she wondered.

The policeman strolled up to her car.  Michelle recognized him.  It was Jed
McClain, the deputy sheriff.  She also knew him because her family, the
Martins, had been involved in a feud with the McClains for as long as
anyone could remember.

But Michelle had no beef with the McClains personally.  She thought it was
dumb for the two families to have been fighting for so long, over issues
which, in all likelihood, didn't even exist anymore.

Leaning out the window, she addressed Jed calmly.  "Is there a problem,
officer?"  She spoke with the respect that she'd been taught to show to all
elders--even the ones her family had despised for generations.

"I need you to step out of the car, miss.  Over here."  Michelle opened her
door and got out.  She felt rather conspicuous in her blue and white
cheerleader outfit, and felt Jed's eyes on her tush as she walked over to
the front of the police car.

"I don't understand.  I wasn't speeding, sir," she intoned in an innocent
voice.  "If I did something wrong, I'm sorry, this is my first time--"

"No, that won't be for about another two hours," Jed remarked, so softly
that Michelle was sure she hadn't heard him correctly.

"What?  Sir, did I forget to signal back--" Michelle began.  Jed "shush"ed
her.

"Miss, 'fraid I'm going to have to give you a ticket...."  Tearing a yellow
citation off of his clipboard, he handed it to her.  When she read the
offense, she nearly dropped the ticket, she was so shocked.  In block
letters, Jed had written:  "FAILUR TO SHOW CLEVAGE TO ARRESTING OFFICER."

This was obviously a joke.  "Sir--that's not funny."

"It's dead serious, miss.  I'm 'fraid it also carries a very *stiff*
penalty."  Jed was lewdly eyeing the young cheerleader's figure.

"Sir, you can't pull me over for...for something like that..."

Jed appeared to think this over.  "No, you're prob'ly right, miss..."

"If you don't mind, I'm going to be going now."  Michelle turned--and came
face to face with the two men who had been driving the pickup truck.  She
now recognized them as Don and Jeff McClain...two of Jed's younger
siblings.  They moved to block her path.

"Hey!  Excuse me..." Michelle challenged boldly, careful to hide the
growing fear she felt.  But they wouldn't let her by.

"I do believe she's resisting arrest," Jed said softly.

"Shure looks that way," Jeff agreed, giving Michelle a powerful shove onto
the hood of Jed's patrol car.  Before she fully knew what was happening,
Jed had rolled her over and had handcuffed her.

"HEY...STOP IT....YOU CAN'T DO THIS..." Michelle screamed.

"C'mon, hurry up.  Don, get her car." Jeff and Jed forced the struggling
Michelle into the back seat of the police cruiser.  Jeff climbed in with
her.

"Hey...what's going on?  Where are you taking me?" Michelle demanded from
the back.  "Please....I'm...I'm supposed to be at practice..."

"Oh...we're taking you to 'practice', all right..." Jed teased.

"What do you mean?  Where are you taking me?" she insisted.

They ignored her.  "This one's gonna be fun....even better'n her sister,
I'll bet," Jeff remarked.

"Hey...WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT???  YOU LEAVE MY SISTER ALONE!!!!"
Michelle screamed.

Jed looked in the rearview.  "Hell...we've been havin' our way with that
slut sister of yourn for the past two years.  We ain't about to change that
now...."

"Wh-what do you mean?" Michelle asked, frightful.  But Jeff and Jed
wouldn't say any more.  Instead, Jeff occupied himself with Michelle's
chest, kneading her small breasts through the material of her outfit.

"You any good at using your mouth on a man's dick?" Jeff said in her ear.

"I don't do that," Michelle whispered hoarsely.

Jeff slapped her across the face.  Tears came to her eyes.  "Bitch.  You
*do* whatever I tell you to do.  And right now, we're going to have a
little fun with your mouth." Jeff unzipped his jeans and pulled them down.
Michelle eyed his stiff 6-inch member warily.

"Please...don't...." she begged in a barely audible whisper.  By way of
response, Jeff placed his hand on the back of her head and pulled her in.
The tip of his shaft bumped against her lips, but she kept them tightly
pursed.  Jeff grabbed her by the hair, pulled her head back, and slapped
her across the face again, harder this time.

He looked directly into her tear-filled troubled eyes.  "You're gonna suck
my dick...and you're gonna love it."

This time, when he pulled her head down on him, she opened her mouth and
let him in.

Of course, she had no idea what to do.  Jeff pulled her off of him and
slapped her on three separate occasions, for dragging her teeth.
Eventually he just held the young cheerleader's head and fucked her mouth
as she sobbed and sniffled.  Please, let this be all they're going to do to
me, she prayed silently.

"Oh man," Jeff panted, "her mouth is so tight..."  He humped her face even
faster.

"Is that right?" Jed asked from the driver's seat.  "I might just have to
try for myself."

"Well...I'm gonna...be done...real soon..." Jeff gasped.  Michelle's eyes
grew wide--she knew what was coming.  She tried to pull away but Jeff only
held her head more firmly.

Please, not in my mouth, she thought.  "MMMMF MMMMMM MMMM MMMMMM...." she
protested as he pistoned his cock deep in her mouth.  This only had the
effect of exciting and stimulating him more, and he immediately let loose
with a spurt of his slimy stuff.  As squirt after squirt poured into
Michelle's young, innocent mouth, she had a choice: swallow it, or gag on
it.  Shutting her eyes in revulsion, she swallowed.


The police cruiser made its way down a dirt road, now being driven by Jeff,
as Jed took his turn with Michelle's mouth in the back seat.  They were
followed by Michelle's station wagon, being driven by Don.  As Jed's creamy
jism joined the load already in her belly, they drove up to a farmhouse,
which was well-lit and surrounded by about half a dozen cars and pickup
trucks.  Michelle was pulled from the back of the police cruiser and led
toward the rear of the house.

"HEEEEEEELP!!!!!  SOMEBODY HELP UMMMMFFFFFFF!!!" the teen was cut off as
she was elbowed in the stomach by Jeff.

"They'll help ya, all right, miss...but I reckon it won't be quite the help
you have in mind..." Jed taunted as Michelle doubled over, gasping for
breath.  The deputy sheriff kicked her in the ass.  "Come on, get moving.
'less you'd rather we got Amy and Kylie out here instead?"

Michelle's heart froze.  Amy and Kylie were her two younger sisters.  But
Amy was just 12...and Kylie wasn't even 8 yet!  They wouldn't...!  All the
same, she hurriedly got to her feet, pleading.  "Look, I don't know what
you want...but please leave my family alone.  Just let me go, and I promise
I won't tell anyone...."

Nevertheless, she was led up a short flight of steps and into the house.
They shoved her through an empty kitchen and into a small bedroom, which
was empty except for an old cot and a large screen television.  Ignoring
her demands to know what was going to happen to her, the three men laid her
on the cot, tying her firmly to it.

"Hey...what are you...what are you going to do to me?"

Jed worked a small remote control.  The word PLAY appeared in bright green
letters on the TV screen.

"We've got a little instructional movie here for you, miss.  Should explain
everything real clear."  And he turned and followed the others from the
room.

"Hey....HEY!!!  I'M NOT WATCHING ANY MOVIE UNTIL YOU TELL ME WHAT'S GOING
ON!!  I'M CLOSING MY EYES...I'M NOT WATCHING IT!!!!!"  Michelle squeezed
her eyes tightly shut in defiance.

And opened them in shock a second later, as she heard the voice of her own
sister coming from the TV.


Kellie was very different looking on the tape.  Younger...this recording
had obviously been made when Kellie was Michelle's age.  The date, stamped
at the bottom of the video screen by the camcorder, confirmed this.

Kellie...the Kellie on the tape...looked very frightened.  Her hair was a
mess, her eyes were red from crying, and an ugly bruise was forming just
below one of her eyes.  She told us she had to make a sudden stop, the
first time she took the car out when she got her license, Michelle recalled
distractedly.

Kellie spoke.  "Th-this is the Martin f-f-family legacy.  The McClain
f-family...they own us.  They....they're going to use m-me as they see
f-f-fit.  And....w-when you c-c-come of age...you too, M-Michelle.
Amy...too...Kylie...OH DEAR GOD PLEASE...."  The older sibling erupted into
tears, then the recording wavered and cut into a shot of a slightly more
composed Kellie.  More composed...but also with a few red handprints across
her face. "Everything...everything you are about to see on this
t-tape...t-they made me do...and they are going to m-make you do...make all
of us do....and more..."  There was a pause; Kellie composed herself while
someone off-screen gave her instructions.  "They...um...they're going to
use me...w-whenever they want...and if I d-don't...they'll use y-you,
M-M-michelle...and Amy and K-k-ky-"  Her voice broke completely and she
hung her head crying.  Another figure moved into the range of the camera
and smacked her a good one across the face, and whispered to her.  For a
moment, she looked defiant.  "No...I won't say that."  (SMACK!) again she
took a swipe across the face.

Then the figure turned and headed off camera, remarking "OK then, bring the
next one here...Michelle, isn't it?  Or maybe the youngun first...Kylie,
ain't it?"

That set Kellie off, screaming.  "No....NO....wait...please don't...."
With a tortured, utterly beaten expression on her face, she looked into the
camera.  "T-the M-m-m-martin...Martin...g-girls....are wh-whores...our
j-job...is...is...to s-s-serve the M-mcClains...a-a-and...t-the
whole...t-t-town....and...anyone...anyone else w-who w-wants us."  A hushed
suggestion was directed to her from off-screen.  "Enjoy the show," Kellie
cried as she broke down completely.

Then, as a horrified Michelle watched, her sister's narrative faded from
the screen, and the "highlight reel" began.

Cut to:  Kellie on the very same cot on which her younger sister now lay
bound and helpless, with the three McClain brothers each taking advantage
of an opening.  Numerous others, several of them people whom the Martins
know and trust, standing around the bed, waiting their turn.  Kellie's
cries of pain, muffled by the blowjob she is giving.  Fade out.

Cut to:  The basement of Kellie and Michelle's own home.  Kellie, nude, her
hands cuffed together and hung from a beam in the ceiling, her toes barely
touching the cement floor.  Jed and Don McClain, their sister Becky, and a
few of her friends, taking turns whipping the unfortunate girl's ass, back,
belly, tits, and legs with a leather buggy whip.  When Kellie dares to cry
out in pain, Becky taunts her, "Go ahead and scream...maybe you'll wake up
one of your baby sisters, and they'll come down and see what all the noise
is!"  Kellie's fight to keep from screaming...

Cut to:  Kellie at a party, at which she is the only female present.  She
is the "guest of honor", and has quite clearly been "honored" by each of
the 30-odd men in the room, who have covered every inch of her body in
jism.  The camera zooms in for a close-up of her spooge-drenched face, and
she forces a phony smile, opening her mouth to let more of the cum ooze out
and down her chin.  "Mmmm I love cum, this slut needs more cum, please!"
she intones, in an airheaded voice, and is immediately surrounded by
volunteers...

Cut to:  Kellie strapped to a workout bench.  Mr. Kinley, the high school's
home ec, shop, and driver's ed teacher, stands over her, wearing a pair of
insulated gloves and holding a power cord, which has been cut and the leads
stripped bare.  He shocks the helpless girl's breast and she grits her
teeth, unable to even cry until Mr. Kinley takes the leads away.
"Please..." she gasps.  She is asked to repeat what she is being punished
for.  "I d-d-didn't....didn't...a-a-a-act l-l-like I w-was
e-e-enjoy-enjoying g-g-getting m-my ass f-fucked...p-please...I l-l-l-love
it...I'm your f-fucktoy...NO PLEASE NO NO" (ZAP)

Cut to:  Kellie entertaining seven men at once.  One in her mouth...one in
each hand...and two each in her pussy and her ass.

Cut to:  Kellie at the doctor's office, on all fours on the exam table, her
face buried in Becky McClain's crotch while Dr. Ross, the town doctor (who
has been the Martins' family practitioner, and delivered all four of the
Martin girls) mounts her doggy-style from behind....

Cut to:  Kellie on the sofa in her own living room, peanut butter being
spread all over her shaven pussy, then Jeff leading the Martins' family pet
Doberman in.  Kellie lying there in utter humiliation as the dog licks her,
until Jed menacingly reminds her that as a slut, it's her job to enjoy
ANYTHING that's done to her.  Kellie's subsequent moans and screams of "OH
YES....I LOVE IT..." through her teeth, tightly gritted together in the
false smile which she has now almost perfected...yet her eyes still reflect
the torture haunting her soul, as she shamefully realizes that she IS
enjoying it....

Cut to:  Jed McClain holding Kellie's head in a large bucket of water for
nearly two minutes, while Jeff fucks her ass.  Kellie finally being allowed
to come up for air...and her open, gasping mouth immediately forced down
onto Jeff's slime-covered cock...

Cut to:  Kellie tied securely, face down, to a poster-bed, struggling
frantically, her eyes fearfully following something off-screen which is
getting closer, begging for mercy.  A red-hot branding iron, wielded by Jed
McClain, being applied to her asscheek with a sickening sizzle which
Michelle can almost smell for herself.  Close up of Kellie's face, she has
mercifully blacked out.  Zoom in on her right asscheek, now eternally
inscripted with the words:  GRADE "A" SLUT

Cut to:  Kellie at the local diner, on the counter on her hands and knees,
as Becky sinks her entire forearm, inch by inch, up Kellie's rectum.  A
throng of people cheering her on as Kellie's shrieks momentarily distort
the audio of the recording...

Cut to:  Kellie at the mall with her "friends", wearing an obscenely short
black miniskirt which exposes half of her asscheeks.  A matching black
leather spiked dog collar, and the blonde being pulled through the mall on
a leash.

Cut to:  A day in the McClain barn...which Michelle cannot bear to watch.
Nevertheless, the sound of her sister's humiliated sobs paint the picture
for her all too well...

Cut to:  Kellie going solo for the camera, a whorish smile pasted on her
face as she masturbates with a large black dildo.  Looking directly into
the camera, the pain in her eyes is plainly visible although the faked,
lewd smile never leaves her face, as she whispers, "Mmmmmm look how WET my
cunt is! Oh Michelle...mmm can't WAIT till you're old enough to EAT it for
me!"

Eventually Jed came back in and put the TV on "MUTE".

"Now...are there ANY questions?"

Michelle had one.  "W-why....?"

"Because your family has been screwin' us McClains over for generations.
It's our turn to screw."

"Please....Jed...m-my sister and I...we....we didn't do any of that!!!"

"Don't matter.  Y'all was born Martins, and this is your legacy.  Do you
have ANY questions about what will happen to Amy and Kylie if you don't do
EVERYTHING you're told?"

Michelle stared at the TV screen, where Kellie was silently being raped by
four extremely well-endowed black men.  She thought about the possibility
of a 12 or a 7 year old going through such torture.  Neither Amy nor Kylie
would survive it.

"N-no, Jed."

"Good...."  Jed untied her and took off the handcuffs.  "Now, let's see
what you got."  When Michelle hesitated, not understanding, he added, "Your
clothes.  Off!"

Reluctantly, the teen unbuttoned and removed her cheerleader outfit.
Underneath she had on a plain white bra and panties.

"Look like you's gonna have to learn how to dress proper.  I'm sure Becky
and her friends will be glad to take you to the mall to check out that
Fred'ricks of Hollywood."  Shuddering, Michelle recalled the scene from the
video, where her sister was led around the mall on a leash.  "Ain't that
right, Becky?"

The McClain sister entered the room.  "Lord have mercy.  Look at what a
prude we got here.  You's nothin' like your sister.  She was wearin' black
lace when we took her...hell, she practically was beggin' Jed here for what
she got...right up until he turned her aroun' and greased up her ass.  Same
like's gonna happen to you," she confided to the now petrified Michelle.

On the TV screen, Kellie was at a church picnic, just four months ago.
Lying atop a secluded picnic bench, her white floral print dress bunched
around her waist, seven men surrounded her and took turns with her.  Jed
reached back and switched the TV off, ending the display of Kellie's hell.

Michelle's own personal hell, however, was only beginning, as all four
McClain siblings gathered around her, accompanied by several friends.  She
couldn't believe her eyes, as she surveyed the gathered throng.  Two
members of the town council.  Her driver's ed teacher.  The Martins' family
doctor.  The proprietor of the general store.  The owner of the local
diner...

All of them surrounded her and got naked.  Only Becky McClain remained in
the background, and only because someone needed to work the video camera.
Michelle was forced to her knees at the center of the circle, and was
frozen with fear.

"Why don't you start by thanking them all for coming?" Becky suggested.

"Th-thanks..." Michelle whispered.

"Now," Becky continued, "word is that our new slave is purty lousy when it
comes to blowjobs.  Unlike her big sister when she joined us..."  Everyone
murmured in agreement, fondly recalling out loud how Kellie had been able
to suck the chrome off a Ford tailpipe.  "So...we're gonna have a little
gauntlet.  Michelle, you'll stay in the middle of that circle and suck
EVER' ONE of those hard dicks till they're completely satisfied...."

---------

Michelle drove home in a stupor.  She ached terribly from the gang rape of
her virgin pussy and ass, and her jaw hurt from being made to suck so much
cock.  The McClains had repeatedly assured her that this was only the
beginning.  Even now, her mind reeled as she recalled how Jed had explained
the way things were going to be from now on.  From now on, she was a sex
slave, just as her older sister was, and just as her younger sisters would
become as soon as they came of age.  Jed had made one thing perfectly
clear, Michelle recalled tearfully.  If she were to tell anyone...if she
were to try to escape the legacy which had been forced upon her and her
siblings...if she were EVER to fail to do exactly as she was told...all
bets would be off, and all four of the Martin sisters would be
collected...and then raped and tortured in turn, from youngest to oldest,
while their siblings watched.

Michelle would be "permitted" to remain in high school.  With a new major,
however--she'd now be the school slut.  No more prim sweaters and dresses.
She'd still maintain passing grades--but now, she'd do so by earning them
with her oral, vaginal and anal delights.  After all, she'd have no time to
study.  After school, she'd be waitressing down at the Greasy Spoon in a
nice short pink dress and apron.  After that, she'd go out in back with
anyone who'd expressed an interest to fuck the blonde slut waitress, then
she would call the McClains for further instructions.

After explaining things to Michelle, they'd sat her down and made her make
a videotaped session for Amy, which the girl would watch four years from
now when she came "of age".  "And she'd better be a virgin when she comes
to us...it wadn't no fun fucking that whore sister of yours after she'd
already been passed around the high school," Jed had said.  "'Cept maybe
for fuckin' her tits.  They better be cherries when they get here," he'd
said again. Jed didn't even have to explain "or else"--it was all perfectly
clear at that point.

She'd stumbled through the making of the video, intoning many of the same
things Kellie had told her on her tape, and wondering how she'd ever be
able to look at Amy in the same light again...knowing what was in store for
her.  When she'd finished with the video, she had been led into the shower
where Mr. Kinley had been waiting.  "You were great tonight, young
Michelle," he'd  panted as he'd forced her to a kneeling position.

"Why?" she had asked him, her voice breaking.   She'd trusted him; he'd
been a kindly, paternal figure, up until he'd forced his way into her
virgin ass out there on the cot.

"Because I wanted a piece of your pretty lil ass, sweetheart.  When I had
you for driver's ed, I used to always smell your seat after you were gone.
Just like I did for your big sister...and just like I'll do someday for
your two other sisters.  Now, I wanna try out that sweet lil mouth of
yours."

"Mr. Kinley, please...you've been in my...in my rear..."  By previous
agreement, Mr. Kinley had been the first and only man to take Michelle's
ass this evening, and his cock had been covered with her slime and a bit of
blood.  "Mr. Kinley...no..."

His voice had taken on a feral tone.  "What did you just say to me?"  Then
Michelle had remembered the electric shock scene from the video, where Mr.
Kinley had nearly electrocuted Kellie.  Shuddering, she'd opened her mouth
and taken him in, gagging at the awful, unspeakable taste.  As she'd fought
to keep from choking, he'd imparted the terrific news that he'd talked to
the school's guidance counselor, and was able to get her into three of his
classes, plus homeroom.  Michelle shut her eyes as he described some of the
"special projects" he had in mind for her in his shop class...mostly she'd
be constructing implements which would be used to assist in her own
torture, and that of her sisters....

Mr. Kinley had fucked her mouth, then to Michelle's horror, he'd wanted her
sore, tender ass again, right there in the shower.  He'd ordered her to
bend over and grab her ankles, which the limber cheerleader had had no
difficulty with.  Then she'd felt the tip of his cock at her anal opening,
for the second time that evening...

Fortunately, he hadn't lasted long.  After he'd excused himself, Michelle
had remained in the shower, using a dirty bar of soap to clean herself
inside and out.  Nobody had come in to abuse her.  Finally she'd gotten out
of the shower and made her way back to the bedroom, which had also been
empty with the exception of her cheerleader uniform, neatly laid on the
cot, with her car keys next to it.  She'd slipped the uniform back on (her
bra and panties were nowhere to be found), collected her keys, and left the
farmhouse without further incident.

Now, as Michelle drove the station wagon, getting closer and closer to
home, her thoughts turned toward her sister.  Poor Kellie!  Michelle was
finding it hard to believe that Kellie had been a sex slave for the past
two years.  She'd often wondered why her sister had suddenly dropped out of
school to take a menial job, but she'd never have guessed the real reason
in a million years.  It hurt Michelle, picturing the despair, the hurt--the
hopelessness!  that Kellie must have felt, having to lead a double life,
enduring unspeakable torment in order to protect her younger sisters, at
the same time knowing full well that no matter what she did, the younger
girls' innocence would nevertheless be brutally ripped away as soon as they
became young women.

But now, Kellie no longer had to face this alone, Michelle thought.  We're
in this together.  Surely we can put our heads together and figure out a
way to get through this.  Her heartbeat quickened and she was now
accelerating, speeding the car home.  Her and sis would get this figured
out TONIGHT!  Even if they all had to pack up and leave town...

A light was on in Kellie's room, she saw as she drove up.  No other lights
were on.  Michelle let herself into the house, and headed straight for her
sister's room.  There, she found Kellie, sitting up in her bed, her face
tear-streaked.  She didn't say anything, but her eyes said "I'm sorry...I'm
so sorry..." as they met Michelle's.

The young cheerleader hugged her sister tight.  "Oh Kellie...why didn't you
t-"

Kellie put a finger to her sister's lips and shushed her.  "We're not
allowed to talk about it," she said softly.  Then, her hands shaking as she
burst into tears, Kellie followed the instructions she'd been given, nearly
two years ago.  As quickly as possible, she undressed her sister, who
didn't move or resist in any way.  Then, looking over at her dresser to
ensure that the video camera was rolling tape, she lowered her head onto
Michelle's mound, taking away the last of her little sister's innocence.


--------
Epilogue
--------

After carefully checking traffic, Amy Martin pulled the car away from the
curb.  She drove around her block once before heading out onto County Line
Road.  Gradually, she increased speed until she reached the posted limit of
45 miles per hour.  The summer wind felt great in her fiery red hair.

As Amy drove, she reveled in her newfound freedom.  At only 15 years old,
she already had her license!  Plus, she was an early bloomer, and already
had the 34D-22-36 body of a 20-year old and dynamite looks to match.  Amy
had matured quickly...though only in 10th grade, she was taking 12th grade
level courses in school and might even be on course to graduate a year
early!  Mr. Kinley had eagerly pulled strings to get Amy into driver's ed,
and she had adoringly set out to make him proud by passing her driver's
test.

Everyone was proud of Amy.  Except for her two older sisters, Kellie and
Michelle.  When Amy had rushed home, bubbling with excitement at having
passed her driver's test, both Kellie and Michelle had merely grumbled
incoherently and gone off to their rooms.  Amy couldn't understand why they
couldn't just be happy for her....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Terri Madison


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





