BDSM Library - Janie




Janie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hillbilly girl accepts punishment of men and boys as a way of life.
Janie
by Allene

cast Janie Joe tommy uncle bill daddy bob mom janet
masturbation


    I am seventeen now and I can't remember when I haven't been
spanked or punished in some way. It goes back as far as I can
remember.
    This is not a problem for me. My problem is trying to
convince the police and juvenile authorities that I am not mad at
my parents or our church for receiving punishments that I
deserved and were good for me. It seems the more I try to
convince them the more they think I need to go to a nut house and
the more they want to throw everyone I know and love into jail.
    As I say it started a long time ago as I was spanked for
something I did or for some special occasion such as birthdays,
religious holidays, and sometimes just because I asked for them.
    It did not seem strange for me to be naked for the
punishments as my mother and all the other girls or women were
naked for their punishments as well.
    When I asked my mother why my brothers or other boys and men
were not spanked she explained that men fed, clothed, protected
and guided us through life. Therefore they could do no wrong and
did not need punishment. Also, if they were punished we would
lose our respect for them as that would make them fallible.
    The first spankings were not something I dreaded as they
would only hurt for a little while and then I would be hugged and
kissed and told how beautiful and brave I was. 
    The first real change in my reactions came about on my tenth
birthday. I was just starting to form breasts and get some hair
on my crotch. 
    After a scrumptious dinner of all my favorite foods I opened
my presents. They were all nice but I saved the box from the
whole family till last as it was always the best.
    When I opened the last box I found a thonged whip my father
had made by braiding six leather thongs around a broom-stick
handle leaving six loose thongs about three feet long.
    My Dad said you are a big girl now. You can have a whip just
like your Mom's. No more baby hand spankings. Everyone applauded
and congratulated me. I had never felt so proud and grown-up.
    My dad grinned and said, " Are you ready for your Birthday
spanking."
    When I agreed he told me to take off my clothes and bend over
the back of the couch. Up to then I had always been spanked on
someone's lap, bent over the couch or chair and occasionally by
putting my arms around one of my brothers necks from behind while
he bent over to lift my feet off the ground. I liked this the
best as they always took off their shirts and I liked feeling
their skin next to mine as I squirmed from the spanks.
    " Daddy, you said I was a big girl now. Can I be tied to the
rafters like mom?"
    Mom reminded, " Janie, if you do that you know you can get
hit in front as well as the back of your legs and bottom."
    " Yes I know but isn't it better to have them spread around."
    " Well, Yes it is for me, but you will find your front is
more sensitive."
    " I want to do it. I want to show you that I am a big girl
now!"
    My dad looked at my mom and nodded then they led me out to
the barn where the ropes with sheepskin padded straps hung down
from the rafters and from anchors in the ground.
    When I had removed my dress and panties which were the only
clothes I ever wore they commented on how pretty I was and how my
body was looking more like a woman's everyday. I felt proud and
sucked in the baby-fat on my stomach and pushed out my budding
breasts as much as possible.
    They hung me from the straps with my toes just touching the
ground and my legs wide spread to reach the posts driven in the
ground. Again they admired the way I looked saying being
stretched takes away all the baby-fat. I felt even more proud and
excited. The anticipation was killing me. I swear if they had
admired me hanging there any longer I would have begged them to
start the spanking.
    The birthday spankings meant ten lashes from each of them. My
Mom as usual started first as she always hit the lightest. The
whip did not hurt as much as callused hands and being hung up
seemed to add a new dimension. All her lashes landed on my back
or upper bottom. They stung. but not enough to bother me much.
    My dad hit the lower part of my butt and upper thighs. The
occasional thong that went into the crack of my butt or to my
inner thighs created a new sensation. I felt a kind of shock and
hot flash to my crotch that seemed very exciting.
    When my twelve year old brother Tommy, put all his in a
descending line from my chest to my crotch I felt like asking for
more as every lash below my belly-button increased the exciting
feeling.
    When my thirteen year old brother Joe, saw me pushing my
crotch out for him he took the hint and put seven of the ten
below my belly-button or across my pussy.
    When they let me down I had a sheen of sweat on my whole body
and I was kind of shuddering as they kissed and hugged me. It was
different now. Althouhg as always I enjoyed the out pouring of
lover that always followed my punishment I thought how much
better it would be if they were naked too so I could feel their
skin against my hot tingling flesh. My dad asked me if I was all
right since I had never reacted like that before. I just moaned
that I was fine.
    Later on I explained to my mom my sensations of being on this
great threshold of feelings and that I felt like I had barely
missed something wonderful.
    " Janie, You are even more grown-up than I thought. Those are
adult feelings that provide a reward to you to make up for the
pain you are enduring. You are really close. One of these times
you will cross over that threshold and experience feelings so
wonderful I can't describe them to you. To make it even better
each time you cross the threshold it will make it easier to get
across next time."
    I could hardly wait till my next "training session" and have
to admit I planned to earn enough demerits to get me over. Forty
had almost done it so I planned to get between fifty and sixty
next time. My sessions were usually on a friday with Mom's on
saturday. If they felt I did not have enough demerits in one week
they would extend it to the next week. I had always tried my best
not to get demerits as I received compliments and sometimes
presents when I was good. Now compliments on my bravery and the
pain leading to pleasure seemed more important. Demerits were
given me for not doing chores, getting dirty, etc. The points
that added up fast came through school. I had to bring all my
homework and tests home and every point less than a 100% earned a
demerit. Not all demerits earned a spank. I could also work off
some demerits with extra work if it was available, missing meals,
being tied up in strenuous positions, and other choices as they
occurred to the family. I usually preferred the spanks as it was
all over sooner. My brothers always seemed to come up with the
meanest alternatives like being spanked with stinging nettles, or
a limb off the thorn tree, sticking pins in my butt, having me
take an ice bath and others. I had always rejected these things
as I knew what spanking felt like and did not want to try unknown
things especially since the alternatives had penalties. If I
couldn't stay in the ice bath for five minutes I would still get
my spanking or if I asked them to stop any other method before it
was over it would not count.
    Speaking of my brothers, they had never paid much attention
to me up to now  except when I was being spanked. Now it seemed
they were around me a lot. I don't know if it was the new
experience of spanking my front or the fact I was growing
breasts. One of my birthday presents was a bikini bathing suit
Joe had ordered from mail order. They had never gone swimming
with me before but now they asked me to join them every day and
seemed to watch every move.
    A few days later at our swimming hole on our farm Joe said,
"That swimming suit doesn't look like the one in the ad in
Playboy. I guess your boobies and butt are too small for it."
    When he saw my feelings were hurt he went on, " Maybe we can
fix it. Come here."
    When I went to him he folded the edges of the bottom so more
of my butt showed. This didn't satisfy him so he pulled the whole
bottom up into the crack of my butt so there was just a line down
the middle. I felt good to have his fingers on my butt and I had
to gasp when he pulled up on the back of the suit sliding the
front against my pussy so I did not object when he turned me
around and began to fold the top till it just hid my nipples. He
told me to step back and turn around so they could check it out. 
He still wasn't satisfied and had me come back so he could fold
the front of the bottom and pull it between the lips of my pussy.
He wasn't satisfied until it was completely inside me. I started
getting excited as he pushed, pulled and probed at my pussy. When
they had me walk around and pose for them I could feel the cloth
rubbing on my clitoris at every move. I was beginning to pant a
little from the excitement When he said, " It looks great now.
What do you think?"
    " I feel more naked than when I am naked and I have this
weird feeling in my crotch. I could never wear it like this in
public. This is too naughty."
    " Yeah it is naughty all right. You are a naughty girl. What
happens to naughty girls?"
    At this point Tommy began to lightly slap my bare bottom and
pussy in case there was any doubt what happened to naughty girls.
This only increased my excitement and I found myself opening my
legs so he could have better access to my pussy.
    " But you are the one that fixed it this way."
    " Yes, but you let me. You never said no."
    " O.K. You are right, but I don't know what it will add to
fridays session."
    " It doesn't have to wait till friday. We can do it right
now."
    " How? Mom and dad always say how many swats I have coming
and we don't have anything to spank me with or any rope to hold
me in place. I know I wouldn't be able to just stand there
untied."
    " That isn't a problem. We can use our pants and shirts to
tie you, and our belts to spank you. I have a deck of cards and
you can pick three out of the pack. Your guardian angel will tell
us how many. If it is a number card you get that number, a jack
will be eleven, a queen twelve, a king thirteen and an ace
fourteen. If she doesn't think you need punishment you will just
draw three twos."
    " He knew I believed in my guardian angel as a log suddenly
came next to me when I was swimming and saved my life. I knew
that was the work of my guardian angel. My curiosity and my faith
in my guardian angel decided me to do as he said.
    When I drew the cards I got a ten, a king and an ace for a
total of thirty seven. 
    Tommy said, "Wow. Thats a lot. Your Angel must think you were
really bad."
    I said, "I guess so."  but I really thought my angel was
going to help me over the threshold."
    While I took off my bikini they removed their clothes and led
me between two trees about five feet apart. They used their
shirts to tie my arms high enough to put me on my toes then used
their pants to pull my legs apart almost to the trees. This left
me with all my weight on my arms and my legs spread wide. They
talked about how great and womanly I looked hanging there as they
felt my breasts, stomach and butt. I felt very proud and began to
get excited. Even better My wish would be satified because even
if I didn't get over the threshold I would be able to feel their
naked skin against mine when I was loved after it was over. I had
been a little disappointed my angel had not picked three aces as
I was sure I would need forty or more to get over the threshold.
Then Joe said, " Thirty -seven does not work out evenly. We will
just go to thirty eight. O.K.?" I was too excited by now to talk
so I just nodded in agreement.
    As they stood on either side of me with their belts gripped
by the buckles I noticed for the first time their dicks were hard
and long. I had never seen them hard before and was fascinated as
in my quick peeks at them naked, their dicks were much smaller
and wrinkled. Now they were about three times longer and the skin
was tight. I was still looking at them as the first lash came
across my belly. The pain radiated to my crotch right away and
began to bring on the excitement. As the second came across with
Tommy's turn just below the first, it occurred to me that on my
last session about fifteen of the lashes had been wasted as they
were too high on my back or butt to radiate to my crotch. I may
get over the threshold with only thirty-eight! By the fifth one
they decided to move up to my breasts. From then on they just
went from my breasts to my pussy causing stings and tingles that
kept building excitement. I stopped thinking altogether and just
concentrated on the growing excitement. I did not count the
lashes so I don't know what number brought me over. I only knew
the lashes stopped shortly after. I knew now why Mom could not
explain this feeling. I could not put it in words either. The
closest thing I could come up with is the rapture the church
talked about when we all went to heaven. To my surprise and then
delight Joe grabbed both cheeks of my ass and buried his dick in
my snatch. I had no idea there was room enough in there for him,
but it fit perfectly and caused me to continue my orgasms. I was
disappointed when He pulled out and was thankful when Tommy
replaced him. In too short of a time he was through and stepped
back.
    As I hung there covered with sweat, dazed, and pulsating with
after shocks I heard Tommy say,
    " Jesus Joe, Our folks will kill us for this." 
    " Who will tell them? We aren't and she won't either."
    Actually I could hardly wait to tell mom I was a woman now
and had made it over the threshold, and said,
    "Why wouldn't I tell mom? I'm sure she will want to know that
I had this wonderful feeling."
    " Because she will know you are a slut! That's why. You
shouldn't get those feelings till you are old. At least twenty."
    " I knew what a slut was because one of the girls called
another one a slut so I looked it up in a dictionary. I did not
want to be one. I also remembered my mom said I would cross the
threshold when I was an adult. I was still a kid so Joe had to be
right.
    " Please don't tell them. I don't want them to know I am a
slut. I am too ashamed. I'll do anything you want if you don't
tell them!"
    " Well I guess that would be all right. As long as you
promise you will do anything we want. If you don't want to do it
you will have to get a whipping. I know you don't like getting
whipped on your back."
    That was true. For some reason I didn't understand only
lashes on my butt and front caused excitement.
    " Oh I agree. Is there anything you want me to do now?"
    " No. It is getting late and they will wonder what happened
to us. Tommy and I will think it over and come up with something
tomorrow. How do you feel?"
    " My nipples are a little sore, but otherwise I feel all
right except for still feeling excited. I hate to have to put my
clothes back on as I know the excitement will go away."
    I was right, as soon as I put my shirt and jeans back on even
though I had left my bathing suit off things rapidly returned to
normal."
    That night I decided to sleep naked. As I was reliving my
experience my fingers began to idly play with my pussy. I had
never done that before and was delighted to find it felt great to
play with it as my imagination went wild with fantasies. I
couldn't get the really great feeling I had with the boys but it
was good enough for me to know I would be spending a great deal
of time doing it from then on. The bad side was that it seemed to
be absolute proof I was a slut and that I deserved all the
punishment I could get. This left me in a quandary since I had
learned to love being punished. The saving grace was that my
folks seemed satisfied that I was learning from punishment even
if I was beginning to like it a lot. I decided I would try
whipping different parts of my body and if I really felt guilty
about something I would ask them to whip a part that did not turn
me on. I already knew one place. My back above my waist. I don't
know how Joe knew unless he could tell by my reactions or the
look on my face.
    The next day was a monday and after they had me take off my
clothes and they had felt all over my body and inspected the
welts on my skin.Joe said,
    " Tommy and I decided that we would only whip you on 
saturdays and sundays so you would be in good shape for your 
regular session on friday."
     I thought he was being kind so I would not get welts on top
of welts. It was not until much later I realized they just did
not want to have my folks know I was getting extra sessions.
    He went on to say, " A while back Tommy and I sneaked
downstairs to get a coke and saw Mom sucking on Dad's dick. He
really seemed to like it and she did not seem to mind either. We
want you to suck on ours."
    " That sounds gross! You guys pee out of those things."
    " The pee just comes out of the hole in the center of the
head, dummy. The whole thing doesn't get wet like your pussy. It
will be just like sucking your thumb."
     He had me take a close look at his dick, Which began to get
hard as I held it for inspection. It fascinated me and I agreed.
    " There is more. To make sure you will do your best to make
us feel good We are going to tie you to the ground with your legs
spread near that ant nest. I brought some honey and will make a
trail from the nest to where it is smeared on your pussy. As soon
as we both come you can jump in the creek to wash off the honey
and ants."
    " What if I won't do it? Those are red ants. They can bite
pretty hard."
    " Then you get forty lashes. If you say no to all our ideas
you could get one hundred and twenty lashes by saturday on skin
already welted by the friday session."
    This scared me as I knew I could not come forever while being
lashed and was afraid what they would feel like when I could no
longer come.
    " All right I'll do it. I have never done it before. You will
have to tell me what feels good."
    " No problem. Come on over here, we got up early and put some
stakes in the ground."
    The stakes were far apart in front of a birch stump. My legs
were tied at right angles and I could see the lips of my pussy
were open before they leaned me back into the stump and tied my
hands behind it. They said they did not want me to cheat by using
my hands to try to get them to come sooner.
    Tommy started smearing the honey on my pussy then started
pushing it inside which felt good. Meanwhile Joe started making a
trail to the ant nest.
    They evidentally had already decided who would be first as
Tommy put his dick in my mouth before Joe had finished the trail.
    Joe said, " It is quite a ways to the ant hill if you work
fast you might not get bitten." 
    He was either lying or had no idea how fast ants could run as
I had just got Tommy to the point he was starting to breathe hard
when I felt the first bite. It was obvious the inner lips and my
clitoris was a lot more sensitive than my outer skin. As they
began to multiply my pussy started catching on fire. At the same
time Tommy was pushing his dick further into my mouth causing me
to gag. I assumed he would take his dick out when he came as they
had when they fucked me. He didn't! It was kind of disgusting as
it felt like snot in my mouth. Fortunately it didn't taste bad.
    By the time Joe was beginning to pant I had finally got into
the pain coming from my pussy and came about the same time he
did. I kept on coming after he had flooded my mouth and didn't
protest the fact they seemed to take their time to untie me.
    I ran to the creek and washed inside and out side. They had
me lay down while they spread my pussy lips and stuck their
fingers in to make sure I got all the ants. The inspection turned
us on again so they both fucked me which was really pleasant even
though they could not last long enough to make me come. When Joe
asked me how I felt I told him, " Fine. That was wonderful but I
still feel excited and my pussy is still burning a little from
the ant bites."
    " I saw Dad doing something for Mom that may help. Just lay
back and spread your legs."
    When I was in a position he liked he began licking my pussy.
That felt great! At the same time Tommy began to rub and pinch my
nipples. In no time I felt myself getting near the threshold but
when I went over there were no stars and explosions as much as
being whipped. It just kept feeling better and better until I
felt this great release. I was babbling saying, " That was so
wonderful I'll do anything you want. Anything!"
    "You have already agreed to that. It will be nice that you
really want to now."
    On the way home I kept asking them what they would want me to
do tomorrow until they finally told me to shut up. They would
think of something.
    That night I played with my cunni until I fell asleep.
    I was up early and my mom had to ask me what was wrong as I
was so excited about going back to the woods I couldn't keep
still. I told her I was bored and was anxious for the boys to get
up so we could hike in the woods. She knew I was afraid to go
alone since I got lost so easy and let it drop.
    The boys teased me by lingering over breakfast and casually
reading magazines. Finally they were ready to go.
    I was just wearing a halter top and cut-off jeans as I did
not want to waste any more time than I had to getting naked for
them. My pussy was so sensitive I could feel the seam in the
crotch of my jeans as I walked with them.
    They must have been more excited than they let on too because
they had me take off my clothes and playfully slapped my ass as I
walked between them with our hunting dog running around in front
of us.
    They stopped when we got to the two trees they had used last
time. This time they had brought rope and had me lay on my back
while they tied my legs wide to the trees and my hands pulled to
a tree in back of me. Then they had me raise my butt so they
could slide a log under it. This put my pussy about a foot above
the ground and wide-open. I really felt vulnerable but this just
added to my excitement.
    Then Joe said, " You really seemed to like having your pussy
licked so this is going to be a real treat."
    I waited impatiently for his tongue to touch me. Instead he
took a jar out of his shirt and started smearing the contents on
and in my pussy. I was really getting into the feeling when he
said, " This is gravy. The dog just loves gravy."
    " Oh no Joe. You can't let the dog lick me. That is too weird
and he might bite me. I'll take the whipping instead."
    " No-way babe. Yesterday you said you would do anything I
wanted. We want this."
    I whimpered as he pushed the last of the gravy in me with his
thumb and kept whispering "No" as they led the dog over. This was
really humiliating and I planned to avoid them from then on until
that damn dog started lapping at my pussy. He pushed his tongue
inside and made little nips to my pussy lips till I was climbing
the walls. He continued to lick long after the gravy was gone and
I realized it was my juices he was licking now with a lot more
excitement than he had shown for the gravy.
    Then he put his paws on each side of my chest with his face
above my breasts and I realized what he was going to do at the
same time I felt his surprisingly long dick enter my pussy. I
yelled " Drag him off!" but the boys just laughed and as he began
to hump me in short powerful strokes while nipping at my tits I
realized he was rapidly taking me to the threshold. I just
couldn't help myself. I found I was cumming as his dick swelled
inside me. He made a whining noise as he pulled out and I
continued to bounce my ass on that log.
    Joe marveled, " You are really an unbelievable slut! You
actually came while getting fucked by a filthy dog." 
    I saw Tommy nod in agreement and felt dirty and ashamed. I
pleaded. " I am so ashamed! I need to be punished. Punish me
Joe." 
    " How? You come when you are whipped. I get no fun out of
whipping your back and anything else just gets you excited."
    " Remember you wanted to whip me with a thorn branch and I
wouldn't let you. I know I would hate that."
    This got them both excited as they ran off into the woods to
look for a thorn tree. They left me tied and were back in a few
minutes with a couple of branches. They were whipping them
through the air as they came toward me. They really looked
flexible and strong. Tommy showed me his. It was about three feet
long and the thorns were up to a half inch long.
    " Do you want Your guardian angel to decide how many?"
    " Yes. She will know what I deserve."
    Joe said, "We decided since we don't know what kind of damage
these will do you will only have to pick two cards."
    I was actually grateful for his consideration. Joe fanned the
cards while Tommy ran his finger over the backs till I told him
to stop. I drew two tens. I knew so little about cards I did not
think it was strange that they were both hearts.
    While I was dying from fear and anticipation they found a
long branch they put under my back then lifted it with ropes to
put me in a back bend which exposed the underside of my tits and
brought my pussy up to expose the whole length clear to my ass-
hole. To make it last longer for them they took turns alternating
between my pussy and tits. It wasn't like a regular whipping
because they only hit hard enough to stick the thorns in me and
after each two to my boobs or pussy they would caress my skin.It
really hurt bad to be stuck but the caresses seem to make up for
it.I think I might have came if they hadn't used their last four
to aim carefully so a thorn would hit a nipple and my clitoris
and my anus. That hurt so bad I screamed and all sexy feelings
immediately went away.
    My head was so far back thanks to them tieing my hair to the
ground I had no idea what had happened to my body. When they
untied me I saw that my tits and pussy were covered with blood. I
ran to the creek to wash off the blood and expected to see
hamburger. We were all happy to see I just had light red stripes
and small punctures with an occasional scratch when they had not
hit me square. The boys were really relieved. I am sure they were
not looking forward to explaining my injuries to my folks or a
doctor.
Joe said gently, " Don't worry dahlin. It will be healed by
friday. We will put salve on it every day for you. For the rest
of the week we will just fuck you and lick you. Won't that be
nice."
    " Yes but you don't need to feel bad. I know I had it coming.
From now on though, I will have to do something really bad to
deserve that again. Thank you for only having me pick two cards.
    They made up by licking my pussy and fucking me until I got
to orgasm and for the rest of the week they would gently massage
salve on my pussy and tits even though the marks were gone by the
next day.
 I also gave them blow jobs but I volunteered to do that in
gratitude for them being so nice.      
    The next friday brought about something new. My dad led my
mom out to the front room and said,
    " As you know women and girls need punishment on occasion as
they tend to be wayward. Your mother has always agreed to this
but since she was an adult I did not think it would be fair to
her to punish her in front of children. My philosophy has
changed! I told your mother that we could not afford to buy her
any more clothes as our money was short. She childishly went
against my wishes and bought herself new under clothes and a
blouse. I have decided that if she is going to act childishly she
will be treated as a child. You people have acted in a more adult
manner than her so you will administer the punishment. After all
she has taken food from your mouth's with her greed.
    The boys looked at each other sheepishly and I knew they had
mixed feelings about whipping her. As I watched them they slowly
developed a more arrogant attitude and as I saw their dicks began
to swell out against their jeans I knew they would not argue.
    I had mixed feelings myself as I had never seen her being
whipped and felt sorry for her as she stood there looking
embarrassed and ashamed. At the same time I remembered that she
seemed to enjoy seeing me whipped and that she had admitted to me
she had crossed over the threshold and that it had become easy to
do.
    Dad led her out to the barn and although she hung back a
little she did not make him drag her and made no protest.
    At the barn dad took off her dress, bra, and panties to
reveal she had no hair at all on her crotch. This fascinated the
boys as dad explained,
    "Since your mom is just a child I have removed the hair on
her crotch to show that she is no longer adult. If she can grow
up I may let it grow back." 
    The boys put the padded cuffs on her wrists then dad pulled
her up on her toes.
    I had never seen her naked before. She must have been about
thirty five years old but her body looked wonderful with her
large breasts and butt separated by a tiny waist and flat
stomach. I just had to say, " You are beautiful mama." As the
boys agreed she smiled and thanked us. Dad ignored it saying,
    She has earned thirty lashes on her own and since Janie has
been good and only earned ten lashes she has agreed to take those
too in apology to Janie."
    "Is that right mama?"
    " Yes Janie, I owe it to you. Your dad is being generous in
only setting thirty."
    Dad placed the boys on both sides of her and said, "Take your
time and aim well boys. There is no hurry. Make sure you don't
hit her face.
    I thought out of respect they might just hit her back and
butt. I should have known better. Seeing her large boobs and her
bald slit increased their excitement to make bulges in their
pants from their hard-ons and they made irrissistable targets.
Tommy sent the first one in the flat part of her belly below the
belly-button. Mom was very brave. She just let out little gasps
as the boys alternated down to her crotch and between her thighs
then started up till the first lash hit her breasts. The boys
spent a lot of time on her breasts and I couldn't blame them as
it was fascinating to see the lashes sink into them and cause
them to bounce around on her chest. I was feeling disappointed I
was not in her place while wishing I had tits that would bounce
like that. 
    I started getting excited as I saw her nipples getting harder
and her stomach pulsate as I recognized she was nearing the
threshold. I felt myself getting near as I imagined the lashes
hitting her falling on me.
    At the last lash dad let her down and hurriedly removed the
cuffs and carried her quickly into the house.
    The boys were panting with excitement and exertion. I was
panting from excitement. When they looked at me they didn't have
to say anything as I stripped off my clothes as fast as I could.
Joe was naked first and got on top of me as I laid in the hay
impatiently. Then he rolled me up on top and pulled my knees
forward so I was squatting on him and he could grab the cheeks of
my ass and pump me back and forth. Tommy couldn't stand it and
stood over Joe's head so he could stick his dick in my mouth.
After they came they only had to wait a few minutes till they
were hard again and changed places. I could taste my own pussy
juices on Joe's cock and understood why they did not mind licking
my cunt as there was hardly any taste at all. They lasted longer
the second time and I finally crossed the threshold as I imagined
what mom had just felt at the end of the ropes.
    Mom and dad were still doing it when we went back in the
house. Joe and Tommy went to their door and peeked through the
key hole and giggled till they were through. I knew now how they
had learned what to do with me. 
    They must have gone to sleep for a while as they did not come
out for about an hour.
    When they came out dad was fully dressed but she was still
stark naked. The whole front of her body was fiery red but I knew
from experience that it would not be hurting much by now.
    Dad said " Well!"
    " Oh yes. Thank you for whipping me, boy's. You did a good
job. I feel better now about cheating you out of the food money."
    Dad added, " We won't have to worry about her spending habits
for awhile. She is not to wear any clothes until I tell her it is
alright. That will keep her close to the house."
    It helped my sex life too. When we got home from school the
boys could not watch her moving around dusting and such naked
before they took me to the woods for sex and games.
    It seemed to help my folks sex life as well. We all noticed
they went to bed sooner. The boys spent a lot of time at the
keyhole. I always knew right away when they learned something new
as they tried it out on me the next day. This was almost always a
very pleasant experience for me as it usually meant new positions
or ways to keep all my holes busy at the same time.
    They learned something new one night that was not so
pleasant. They had overheard my dad saying my mom was not trying
hard enough to give him a good blow-job and devised a method to
improve her performance.
    I learned about it the next day. They tied me in a kneeling
position with my back to a tree, My hands tied behind it and a
rope around my waist to inhibit any movement. I knew from
experience that I would be giving them blow-jobs tied in this
manner, There was a new twist.
    Joe explained, " We think you are getting lazy on your blow-
jobs. It is taking too long for us to come. To get you to work
harder Tommy  will stick a pin in your nipples every ten seconds
until I come. I will do the same for him. Open your mouth."
    They had brought Mom's pin cushion which held hundreds of
pins. I didn't really get ten seconds because they would just
count to ten and stick in a pin. It hurt and kept on hurting
although after so many pins were in my nipples adding others
didn't make that much difference. After about ten pins I got into
the pain and became excited enough to want them and was starting
to come by the time it was Tommy's turn. I went at him so
greedily I think I scared him because he lasted much longer than
usual.
    When they both fell back I looked down to see there were more
needles stuck in my nipples than were left in the pin-cushion.
They saw I was coming and left them in while they played with my
clitoris until I just couldn't come anymore and begged them to
stop.
    They slowly pulled out the pins. Some of them were buried
clear to the head. They counted them as they took them out. Joe
announced that it had taken fifty pins to get them off. If I
didn't do better next time they would have to think of something
else. If I did better they would both lick my pussy.
    I wasn't really looking forward to the next day as my nipples
were still sore and I couldn't think of anything I could do
without the use of my hands to hurry them along.
    I don't know what they did. Maybe thinking of something else.
Anyway they both lasted longer and I ended up with seventy -three
pins stuck in me. They actually ran out of room on my nipples and
stuck some around the edges.
    I was relieved when they said they would have to think of
something else as by now I was tired of having pins stuck in my
nipples. That night they spent a lot of time in dad's shop. This
gave me a chance to peek through the keyhole at my folks. 
    Mom was laying on the bed with her head hanging off the edge
while my dad stuck his dick in her mouth till her nose was buried
in the hair of his crotch. I was amazed she could get his eight
inch cock all in her mouth till I noticed her throat moving and
understood his dick was actually going down her throat. He must
have still been trying to improve her performance as He was
whipping her breasts and pussy as she sucked. It looked really
painful but it must have been alright because her hands were free
and she was making no effort to protect herself with them. She
was holding on to the cheeks of his butt and would squeeze them
when she was hit. He could hold off twice as long as the boys and
I was starting to feel sorry for her when she pulled her mouth
off his dick and pleaded, " Harder, faster!" At that I just
admired her courage and wondered if I would be able to be that
brave. I didn't realize how much the performance had affected me
till I got up when he came and found my panties were soaking wet.
I hurried to bed to rub my clit while imagining myself in her
position. Naturally I slept soundly. They had to yell at me
several times to wake up to go to school.
    I was day-dreaming so much at school trying to guess what the
boys planned for me the teachers had to tell me several times to
pay attention. I was so bad in my last class the teacher got
disgusted and handed me a note and told me to take it to the
principal.
    I really felt bad about having to go to the principal. My
folks had always insisted that I be good at school and I had
never had to see him before.
    When I got to his office he said, " I am sorry to see you
here. You have always been good in the past. Because of this I
will give you a choice. You can have ten swats with this paddle,
or you can stay after school in detention for a week."
    This was an easy choice for me as the paddle did not look
bad.It was a round piece of leather about the size of a ping-pong
paddle at the end of a two foot handle.
    " I'll take the paddle, sir."
    I assumed I would be naked for it so pulled my dress over my
head and pulled down my panties. I did not know until later all
the other kids were paddled with all their clothes on. As I stood
there in front of him with my hands at my sides,he looked at my
by now thirty-two "c" breasts  and nearly transparent blonde
pussy hairs with big eyes and a shocked expression. He said
nervously. "You must be spanked naked at home. This paddle really
stings. If you like you can wear your panties for school
spankings." 
    I knew that might hurt less but it was exciting to see a
strange man obviously enjoying staring at my little slit.
    I said, "Dad told me it wouldn't hurt much with clothes on
and it is supposed to hurt isn't it?"
    "Yes. You are right. Besides now I can see the skin to spread
the spanks evenly."
    When I said, " Will my folks have to know I had to be
punished?"
    He cleared his throat, " Ahem. Normally yes, but if you
accept twenty strokes instead of ten they won't have to know."
    " Give me twenty sir."
    " Alright. I'll put this in your mouth to muffle your
screams. Screams upset the secretaries."
    " I won't scream sir. I promise."
    He looked doubtful as he went over to lock the door but
agreed with the provision that if I did scream he would gag me
and start over with one.
    " Do you still want to do it without the gag?"
    " Yessir. If I scream I will deserve the extra ones."
    He had me lean over his desk. Since it was pretty low I
spread my legs so my stomach could rest on it.
    His hands were all over me as he positioned me to be just
right. This excited me especially at the end when he put his
hands on my inner thighs to spread my legs more and move me
forward to make my slit rub on the edge of the desk then rubbed
my butt saying, "You have a beautiful round butt. It seems to be
made for spanking."
    That paddle was worse than I thought. The long handle gave it
a lot of leverage and by the fifth I was beginning to regret not
letting him gag me. Then he began to hit me lower on my ass and
upper thighs and Ifound I was flinching forward to rub my pussy
on his desk. This brought on excitement and I  was able to feel
the threshold approaching. When my initial squeals turned to
moans he got braver and began hitting my inner thighs with some
contact with my pussy. When I just arched my back to expose more
of my pussy he concentrated on that area. My thighs kept him from
hitting directly on my pussy but it was close enough to get me
over.
    When he was through I continued to lay on his desk moaning
and rubbing my slit on the desk now my legs were really spread
out.
    I heard him say,"Just a minute. I'll get you something." Then
he started rubbing some salve on my ass. Since I didn't close my
legs he started lower till he was putting it on my pussy lips.
When I still did not protest or close my legs he began putting it
in my pussy and rubbing my clit. It felt so good I began to
orgasm again only not with the former intensity."
    Finally he pulled me up and said I could go. He studied every
move I made getting dressed and I saw this huge lump in the front
of his pants,so I took my time to let him have some of the
pleasure I had just experienced. When I was finally dressed he
hustled me out the door and locked it behind me. I was pretty
sure what he would be doing in there. 
    My ass and pussy was still throbbing when I got home so I was
a little relieved when the boys said they hadn't finished their
project yet so we wouldn't go to the woods today. I went to my
room and looked at my ass. It was beet red but there were no cuts
or welts. I was relieved to see the next morning that it had
recovered to the point it was just pink and didn't hurt. The
leather in the paddle must have been pretty soft.
    The principal asked me how I was the next day and seemed to
be relieved when I told him I was fine. For the next few weeks I
would hear him talking to my teachers. I know he was disappointed
that I was being good. I would not have been so good except I was
afraid my folks may see my red butt and I would have to admit I
had been punished at school. They knew how to punish me where I
could get no pleasure from it.
    The boys finally finished their project and took me out to
the woods. I was really curious about what they had in mind but
no matter how I begged they wouldn't tell me. They were carrying
a paper sack and the plastic face shield my dad used when he was
grinding metal.
    When we finally got far enough in the woods they put my back
to a tree and tied my arms up and behind me to a limb on the
other side so my breasts were sticking out at their maximum. Then
they put the shield in front of my face. Joe dug into the sack
and brought out a small dart they had made. 
    "We got some small fish hooks and straightened them out to
put in these wood dowels and made tail feathers with paper. The
small barbs will keep them from falling out of your skin. We
didn't get all the tails on perfect and when we were practicing
some of the darts went wild. The shield will protect your face,
neck and eyes. We have ten each. If we hit a nipple you will have
to suck us off while your pussy is being switched. If we don't
hit one we will lick you till you cum."
    It seemed like a no-lose proposition to me. If they didn't
hit one I would get my pussy licked which I loved. If they hit
one I could experience what dad had done to mom.
    At the last moment they tied a rope just under my tits and
around the tree to keep me from dodging. Then they stepped back
about eight feet and took turns throwing. The first few went wide
sticking in my breasts inches from a nipple. One was so far off
it was hanging just above my belly-button. The pain wasn't any
worse than a vaccination shot and I was looking forward to having
my pussy licked when they began to get better. I soon had six of
them just at the edges of both nipples then two in succession hit
my right and left nipple and on the last one Joe put one almost
dead center. The ones in my nipple hurt a lot more but the worst
was when they pulled them out. The barbs would pull the skin out
before they turned loose. Just to be mean they pulled them out
slowly. The pain and anticipation of what was to come was
bringing me very close to the threshold and when they had me lay
on a big stump just high enough for them to put their dicks in my
mouth I was anxious to get on with it.
    Tommy was first to be sucked while Joe used a willow switch
on my pussy and nipples. Soon I was trying to emulate mom and was
reaching back to grab Tommy's ass cheeks to pull him deeper in my
mouth. At first I gagged but then I kind of yawned and Tommy was
in seventh heaven as his dick went down my throat and my throat
muscle milked him as I sucked. 
    When Tommy had drained himself down my throat they changed
positions and like mom I begged Tommy to hit me harder and
faster.
    Even after Joe had cum he kept hitting me as fast as he could
until I came so hard I passed out.
    When I came to they were rubbing salve on my pussy, breasts
and stomach. Evidentally they had become too excited to aim all
the lashes at my pussy. I just laid there and enjoyed the
soothing caresses of their slippery palms and fingers till they
became bored and handed me my dress for the walk home.
Evidentally some of the switches had gone between my lips as I
could feel the lips rubbing on each other all the way home.
    My twelfth birthday fell on a friday. I would be getting my
birthday spanking along with any demerits I had. When I got home
from school I was surprised to see my dad's brother Uncle Bill
sitting at the table drinking beer with dad. I was wondering if
dad would put off the birthday spanking as it had only been for 
the immediate family and dad had always insisted mom and I wore
modest clothes in public. It wouldn't be sexy at all with my
clothes on and I hoped maybe he would leave after dinner and it
would still happen. I was a little intimidated by Uncle Bill
since he always made his wife and daughter kneel by his chair
when they came with him for a visit. They reminded me of big cats
because he would caress their heads or shoulders idly as he
talked. Their shoulders were always bare since they wore a kind
of homemade blouse that was just a strip of cloth held above
their nipples with a drawstring that went around their backs.
Their backs were bare except for the string and the cloth just
went to the bottom of their boobs to show off their tight flat
tummies. He said once that he had them do fifty sit-ups a day to
keep their stomach muscles tight for strapping. My brothers
always sat on the floor across from them since their skirt were
just anothe cloth with drawstings holding it below their belly-
buttons and so short they almost always allowed them a look at
their bare butts or pussies when they got up to do an errand. For
some reason he had not brought them with him for my birthday.
    I knew the answer after dinner when Uncle Bill said,
    " Bobby, Why do you let your women wear clothes when they are
home? I keep mine naked in case they need discipline or I get
horny."
    " Well Bill. If you will feel more at home we can fix that.
 Janet and Janie. Get your clothes off."
     Mom and I started to the bedroom to do as he said when he
continued, 
    "Where in hell are you going! Take them off here."
    I felt a little bashful and turned my back to them as I
started to pull up my dress.
    " Don't turn your back on us, Janie. Turn around and take
them off slow so Bill can enjoy the show."
    Mom made more of a production out of it than I did as she
gave them a few peeks at her breasts before taking off the dress
and rolled her panties off an inch at a time. When we were naked
Bill said, " My God. They look like twins."
    I hadn't really thought about it before but I realized he was
right. I was just as tall as mom and my breasts were almost as
big except there was no sag at all in mine. Even our pussies
looked alike as her hair had not completely grown out so you
could still see her pussy through it just like mine.I really felt
good as I knew everyone thought mom was beautiful.
    Bill said, " I brought you a Birthday present Janie." Then to
dad, " She is a woman now.I thought these would be right for
her."
    "When I opened the box I found sheer white bikini panties and
a white nearly transparent bra." 
    " Try them on for us."
    When I had them on bill told me to come over to him where he
felt my crotch and butt and lifted my breasts saying,
    " They look great on her. As solid as her tits are she
doesn't need a bra though." As he said this he continued to rub
my breasts and pinch the nipples. I looked at dad to see if he
would be mad but he just grinned and agreed with Bill.
    Then dad said, " Janie, since we have a guest I have decided
to let the boys handle the spanking while Bill and I have a beer
and watch the show. That means you will only get twenty-four
birthday spanks plus your demerits of six for a total of thirty.
Your mom only has twenty-five coming but since I decided to spank
you both at once she has agreed to thirty as well. Bill told me
what he did with his women last time and it sounds interesting.
Go ahead Bill."
    Uncle Bill took my bra and panties off then led mom and me
under the wrist cuffs hanging from the beam. He had us stand back
to back while he put the cuffs around our wrists. Then he spread
our legs really wide and tied them to the hooks in the floor. He
finished by taking off his belt and tightening it around our
stomachs so our butts and back were mashed against each other.
    The boys were brought over and handed the three foot long
thonged whips. He seemed to have put the boys too close to our
sides. I soon found out why. 
    When Joe brought his whip into mom's stomach the end came
around and snapped into mine. They were giving two lashes with
each swing!    
    I didn't know which was worse. The whip near the handle was
heavy and sunk in to make bruises while the ends coming around
seemed to pick up speed and set our bodies on fire where the ends
of the six thongs hit.
    In spite of everything I could tell by the way her body was
working against mine that mom was beginning to convert the pain
and work her way to orgasm. I guess that inspired me as before
long I was straining to meet the lashes as they came. We both
were in full orgasm before it was over. My body was shuddering
from after shocks when they let us loose.
    Mom went over to kneel between dad's legs. He was saying,
    " Aren't you going to thank me for the new experience?"
    " Yes. Oh yes. Thank you sir. My body is on fire!"
    " You know how I liked to be thanked."
    She just nodded and buried his dick in her mouth.
    Bill noticed I was watching excitedly and told me to come
over to him. When I got over to him he just pointed to his
crotch. I looked down to see the thickest dick I had ever seen.
It wasn't any longer than dad's but it was much thicker. It
reminded me of a horses dick. I didn't know if I could get it in
my mouth but I knew I was going to try. I licked it all over
first to get it slick then opened wide.It stretched my lips but I
could get it in. Unfortunately for him I doubted that anyone
could get it into their throat. Just as I was getting the hang of
giving him what he wanted I heard him say.
    " Hey boys. There is no use standing around gawking when
there are two fine asses in front of you."
    They didn't need to be told twice. Whoever was behind me put
his dick in my sopping pussy. I whimpered when he took it out
then I felt a dick nosing around my tiny puckered anus.
Fortunately I had become so wet while being whipped he could
lubricate his dick enough to keep from tearing the tissues of my
ass. I was soon stuffed at both ends and in seventh heaven.
    When everybody had come we laid on the floor and slowly came
back to normal. Dad told mom to get beers for everybody. I leaned
back between Bills legs so he could play with my titties and
nipples as we sipped our beer. Mom sat between Dad's legs and we
grinned at ech other as the hands brought excitement back.
    Bill must have started to get horny again as he said,
    " I suppose you bitches would like for us to lap your pussies
for you."
    I perked right up saying, " Gee would you Uncle Bill? I would
just love it."
    " Well... I wouldn't do it for nothing. You gals look lop-
sided with the red fronts and white backs. I think you need a
touch-up. The one that volunteers to take the most spanks on your
butts will get her pussy eaten till she cries for mercy."
    I did not want to be really hurt so I said, " If you don't
hurt my back and just hit my butt and thighs I'll take ten"
    Before he had a chance to agree mom said "eleven". Dad
finally stopped us at twenty saying, " The gals are crazy. If I
don't stop this they will bid themselves right into a hospital.
Twenty apiece is enough after what they just went through."
    Bill looked disappointed but agreed and laid on his back so I
could sit on his mouth. He told Joe to be careful not to hit him
unless he wanted to hang up on the ropes.
    " No sweat, Uncle Bill. I am really getting good with this
thing."
    I looked over to see Mom was already on Dads mouth jerking as
Tommy's whip hit her ass and the inside of her tender thighs.
    The combination of his thick tongue swirling around in my
pussy and rubbing against my clit wile the stinging lashes
jiggled my ass cheeks had me coming in no time and I kept coming
long after the lashes stopped.
    I must have about drowned Uncle Bill by the time he lifted me
off to sit me back down to stretch my pussy lips with his huge
dick. When he came his dick softened and slid out of my pussy.I
rolled off him and laid there panting with my body pulsating from
aftershocks.
 His whole face and neck was sopping wet from my pussy juice. He
had to rest quite awhile before he was ready to drag his ass out
to his pick-up and go home.
    Afterward dad and the boys gently massaged the salve on our
hurt places. The hurt had mostly gone away and I was really
enjoying being stroked.  
    I heard Mom whispering to dad, " Don't you think we are
getting her into the sex thing a little early?"
    " Hell no. She sure seemed to like it."
    " That's the problem. She is still young and dumb. She won't
know when to say no."
    " Hell you're old and you don't know. If I wasn't around for
protection you would let anybody kill you."
    " Yeah I guess you are right. Who is going to protect her?"
    " Well until she gets a boy friend, I guess it will have to
be me and the boys."
    " Can we trust the boy's? They are a little crazy."
    " Didn't you see her tonight! She knew what she was doing.
I'll bet the boys have taught her everything and we have never
heard her complain. I think she is ready for wednesday church."
    "Well maybe. But I am going to tell her not to volunteer for
anything."
    " Yeah it won't hurt if she just watches the first night."
    Wednesday finally came. Naturally I was dying of curiosity
since it was just for "adults".
    Mom had me put on my best dress which was a little short and
tight around the chest as I had grown up and out so fast. She had
me bend over and said my panties didn't show. She unbuttoned the
top three buttons on my dress. I was a little embarrassed to go
out in public that way as my new bra was so low cut even though
there was a lot of cleavage the bra didn't show. I said,
     " Mom it looks like I am not wearing a bra. The men will
stare at me."
    " They will stare anyway honey, Just because you are so
pretty. As soon as you move and your breasts don't shake they
will know you are wearing one."
    I was proud that she thought I was pretty and decided not to
get shy when they looked.
    We didn't go to the church for the wednesday night service. I
found they held it in the barn behind the preachers house.
    The place was more like a stage than a church. There were
metal chairs for us to sit on while the preacher stood on a stage
behind a podium with curtains behind him.
    The preacher did his usual hellfire and damnation sermon
stressing the need to please God by children minding their
parents and wives being obedient to their husbands. I had heard
it all before on sundays and was getting a little bored until he
wound up the sermon by saying. 
    " I know there are those out there that have been disobedient
or have offended our Lord. Who will be the first to be saved from
eternity in Hell."
    In a few moments a woman I didn't know stood up and said,
    "Preacher, I bumped my shin the other day and spoke the Lords
name in vain."  
    " What did you say, sister?"
    " Jesus Christ, that hurt. Sir." 
    " Alright come up here to atone for your sins."
    My boredom vanished as she went up on the stage and started
taking off her clothes. Meanwhile the preacher moved the podium
to one side and opened the curtains. When the curtains opened
there was an "X" shaped frame with cuffs on the ends of the X.
There was a big wheel with cuffs on it I deduced could turn the
person upside down. There were chains with cuffs coming from the
ceiling.
    The thing I didn't recognize was a "T" shaped thing with a
big hole in the center and two smaller holes at the end of the
horizontal plank. My mom told me later it was called the stocks.
    When the woman was naked he led her over to the stocks and I
saw the vertical upright was adjustable. He opened the top part
of the horizontal plank and had her put her neck and wrists in
the hole then locked it back down. Then he lowered the thing so
she was bent at a 90 degree angle.
    He then called out to the audience. " What say you to this
sinner?"
    Men began calling out numbers from five to forty while the
preacher made marks in a tablet he was holding. When everyone who
wanted to had called out a number he said.
    " Most of you feel twenty will achieve atonement." 
    Then he picked out one of the men in the audience and waved
him up on the stage.
    My mom explained later that after sunday service the preacher
drew names out of a box to decide who would mete out the
punishment the next wednesday. This guaranteed good attendance
because if the man was not there when his name was called they
would draw another name.
    They turned the stock around so her big round butt was facing
the audience. This all took some time. I could see the waiting
was getting to the woman as she was rubbing her legs together.
The man who had been picked started paddling her butt with a big
wood paddle.That didn't seem very hard but her butt jumped with
each one causing her to squeal and when it was over her butt was
really red. When it was over the audience applauded in
congratulation for being saved. She had tears in her eyes but was
smiling as she stood there naked enjoying the applause. I began
to think that a great deal of glory was involved. If they
applauded that hard for a few spanks that I thought were next to
nothing they would raise the rafters when they saw what I could
withstand.
    When they turned her loose she didn't go back to her chair.
They took her over to the back wall and tied her to some hooks
above her head. She seemed proud of herself and kept her legs
open so nothing would be hidden.
    Some more women admitted to what I thought were very minor
infractions that got them some swats with the paddle and
occasionally lashes with a riding quirt. All of them were to
their butt or legs and I actually was hoping for more. I had
decided to confess to something just for the thrill of being
naked in front of all those people. I finally decided to confess
to skipping school. Considering the other sins that should get me
a whipping.
    As I started to stand up Mom grabbed me and pulled me back in
my seat saying,
    " Just sit still. You don't know what you are letting
yourself in for. It gets worse. If you still want to confess next
time I won't stop you."
    Just then a girl about two years older than me I knew from
school stood up and stole my glory by admitting she had skipped
school. I didn't think that was too awful a sin, but the preacher
seemed outraged saying,
    " Girl. You could be working to help support the family. Your
folks are good enough to let you go to school and this is the way
you show your gratitude."
    When she was naked and I was comparing her body to mine the
preacher called out for numbers. The lowest number I heard was
twenty and a few called for fifty. The preacher announced most of
the votes were for thirty.
    The girl must have had second thoughts as she saw the
preacher pick up the whip to be used as she struggled and was
crying " No" as they lifted her up from the floor with her wrist
cuffs attached to the chains.
    I looked from her to take another look at the whip the
preacher handed to the next whipper. I had never seen anything
like it and it did look nasty. It consisted of nine tightly
braided leather boot strings with knots on the ends.
    They turned the girl so her back was to us and when I saw the
first lash I was really grateful my mom had stopped me. It turned
her back red for the whole four inch wide area it hit and left
dark red polka-dots on her back for each knot. All of them hit
her back, butt and upper legs. My least favorite area to have
punished. She screamed at the top of her lungs on the first one
and continued to scream at each slowly spaced lash till she
became hoarse.
    She fainted at the end and they carried her back stage. Most
likely to treat her wounds as some of them were bleeding.
    I had decided I would not confess to anything when something
interesting came up.
    A young woman with a great body stood up and confessed that
she had missed her husband when he was out of town and had
masturbated. I didn't even know this was a sin but the preacher
had her come up on the stage.
    Then she was naked, displaying her thirty-six, twenty-one,
thirty-five body. The preacher stood behind her and lifted and
fondled her left breast.
    " Did you play with this, Dear."
    " Oh yes," she moaned."
    Then he picked up her right breast and sunk his fingers in it
till you could only see the tops of his fingers.
    " And this one too?"
    " Oh yes. Yes."
    " And how about here?" as he pushed two fingers deep in her
pussy."
    " Oh yes. Especially there."
    As two men took her over to be fastened face out to the "X"
frame he called for numbers. The consensus was forty. I thought
she was really in for it as the last girl with thirty had really
been hurt.
    To my surprise and delight he picked out a little thong whip
just like we had at home. I knew just what that felt like and
knew I would be able to imagine every lash she got.
    The forty lashes were split up with ten to each tittie that
made them compress and bounce. Her nipples seemed to grow and she
just moaned at each one. The next twenty went across her lower
stomach and pussy with the last five directed upward to land
right on her slit. None of them were very hard and it was obvious
to everyone she was in full orgasm at the end.
    The next woman confessed to liking sodomy. My mom explained
that was getting fucked in the ass. It seemed sodomy was alright
except the woman was not supposed to like it.
    They lifted her up by the wrist cuffs then let her back down
with her legs pulled out and tied to stumps so she was doing the
splits. Her pussy was gaping open and you could see glints of
moisture in the bright light of a spotlight. He got behind her so
our view would not be blocked then we saw the ends of the whip
cover the whole face of her pussy to make the lips squirm. He hit
easy at first working the ends from her pussy to her asshole with
them getting just a little harder with each one until you could
see juice spatter when it hit. When he quit her pussy was
dripping as she rolled her head and moaned obviously in orgasm.
    The next woman confessed she was unable to please her husband
with blow-jobs. She said she was sorry but they always made her
throw-up.
    The preacher said, " Number one: You probably eat too much
before you do it." He was probably right as she was pretty plump.
" Number two: You probably need more experience."
    When she was naked they tied her face up on a table with her
head hanging off the end. I had never seen tits that big! They
splayed out to the sides till they touched the table below her
arm-pits.
    The preacher said." I would love to whip those breasts but we
are here to help you." 
    Then he called up all ten men picked to do the punishment.
They dropped their pants and the preacher lined them up with the
one with the smallest dick first and a man with a dick as big as
Uncle Bill's at the end.
One of them pulled her head down by her hair till she was looking
straight back then the first one put his dick in her mouth while
the others played with her tits and pussy. They really seemed to
get a kick watching their fingers go out of sight in those
massive boobs. Her pussy must have been big too as one of the men
ended up getting his whole hand inside it.
    At first she did alright but when he started pushing his dick
down her throat she began puking all over him and the floor.
    Three of the women ran up to get rags to clean off the man
and the floor. They just quietly watched her until there was
nothing left to throw up. When she quit one of the women cleaned
up her face and hair. As soon as she was clean he stuck his dick
back in. We could see she was gagging and choking but the men
just ignored her problem. When the first one had cum the next one
took his place. By the last two she wasn't gagging at all and you
could see her tongue once in awhile as she swirled it around
their dicks with her throat bulging as the head went into it.
When they turned her loose she got on her knees and began to kiss
the preacher's hands as she thanked him for his help. 
    She screamed, " It's a miracle."
    This made my dad chuckle and say to mom, " Miracles are a
little easier to come by any more aren't they?"
    Mom just giggled as the preacher said " That concludes our
meeting for tonight. I'll see you all sunday."
    There must have been a time or people limit as two girls were
standing ready to make a confession. They looked disappointed and
I was pretty sure they would be standing sooner next time.
    Mom explained the next day that the preacher set the
punishments in relation to the offence. You had to be very
careful what you confessed to. The girl who confessed to skipping
school had never been there before and probably did not realize
that the preacher considered that a very bad offence. The woman
who had used Christ's name in vain had an excuse by hurting
herself. If she had admitted swearing for no reason the penalty
would be much worse.
    " Janie. Do you understand now why I did not want you to
confess anything? Bobby only let me confess once when he thought
I needed to be punished. He found out that he did not like the
fact he could not control the punishment. I also think he was
jealous of the men who had sex with me."
    " What did you confess to, Mom?"
    " Well your Dad thought I should confess that I spent so much
money on clothes we couldn't contribute any money to the church
that week."
    " Wow, that must have made the preacher mad! What did they
do?"
    " They gave me fifty lashes with the thong whip from my neck
to my knees front and back."
    " Wow. That must have hurt!"
    " Yes it hurt a lot at first, but they finished on my front
so I was still able to get over the threshold. The other thing is
that it is terribly thrilling to be up on the stage naked and
being whipped in front of all those people. It kind of makes you
proud to know that all the men are getting turned on by watching
you."
    " What happens to the women who are kept tied to the walls
after the curtains close."
    " You have to prove your obedience by agreeing to do anything
the men and preacher want you to do. Usually sex, but some want
to add other punishments. This is what your Dad didn't like as
any of them could do with me what they wanted and he was not
allowed to watch so he could stop anything he didn't want done."
    " What did they do?"
    " Well some blow-jobs of course, but most of them must have
liked my ass cause they fucked me there till I could barely walk.
It was pretty bad as only three of us confessed that night so we
were all exhausted by the time eleven men lost interest. That's
why some of the women wait till later to confess. As you saw last
night some wait too long because you never know when the preacher
will stop confessions. I think he knows that will make them
likely to confess sooner next time. I remember one time no-one
stood up for a long time so your teacher stood up and confessed
to some little thing. I think she was just trying to get the ball
rolling as she really likes to see people whipped. The women know
that so no-one else confessed. She was not whipped hard but she
had to service all eleven men by herself! I would have paid a lot
to see that."
    " That is hard to believe! She always wears shapeless
clothes. I could not even guess what she looks like naked. I
thought she hated sex. She is always telling us that we should
stay virgins till we marry."
    " Speaking of that. You aren't a virgin anymore and I know
you like sex so I am going to share my birth control pills with
you. I don't want you to get pregnant till you are married.
Especially not by your brothers."
    " How did you know my brothers made out with me?"
    " Honey. It was obvious. Women get a glow after sex they
can't get any other way. They didn't hurt you did they."
    " Not really, Mama. It was sure worth it anyway. I had no
idea sex could be so thrilling."
    " The next weekend my folks decided to go visit some
relatives for the weekend. I was excited because Dad told the
boys if I was hurt bad when he got back they would be whipped.
The boys looked scared and I was sure whatever they did to me
would just be exciting.
    They left us with a list of chores to do and mom had fried a
bunch of chicken and potato salad to eat while they were gone.
The boys ran out and started working their butts off doing their
chores and told me to hurry up and do mine.
    I was feeling a little frustrated since I had not earned
enough demerits to be punished friday night and the boys had been
working after school so we had not had a chance to get together.
We worked late and I fell into bed exhausted. In the morning I
wondered why we worked so hard as there wouldn't be anything to
do Sunday after church. 
    They told me to wear panties, bra, and a slip under my
sweater and skirt for church. They watched me dress and I hoped
they might get horny and want sex but they didn't. We went to
morning sunday school so we were home by ten.
    I started to change clothes but they told me to stay as I
was. This disappointed me as I planned to put on my bikini top
and shorts to see if I could get them interested.
    Just as I was totally bored two boys from school walked up to
our house.
    They asked my brothers when the game would start. I didn't
know what they were talking about until Joe got some cards and
had them sit around the table.
    Joe explained, " Like I told you, Tommy and I don't have any
money for this poker game. We will play for dimes. You guys throw
a dime each in the pot if Tommy or I win we get the money. If you
win Janie will take off her clothes one at a time."
    They agreed to this. I was embarrassed at first then thrilled
as I had a little crush on Bill and John wasn't bad looking
either.
    The boys really tried to win. I was beginning to think they
would never lose when Bill got a good hand and Joe told him he
could take off my sweater. He managed to rub my breasts quite a
bit as he took it off and I was wishing for bad luck to my
brothers. I got my wish as I was soon wearing just my panties and
bra. 
    John won the bra and spent a lot of time squeezing my breasts
and nipples when it was off. When Joe told me to let Bill have a
feel I hurried over to him and pushed out my chest to make them
as big as possible for him. I was practically panting when Joe
called him back to the game.
    The boys won a couple of hands then Bill won the panties.
When he had felt my pussy for awhile I didn't need to be told to
go to John for his turn. They were so horny that when Joe
announced,
    " Okay. Now the stakes go up. Fifteen cents to fuck her
pussy, twenty cents to fuck her ass, a quarter for a blow-job or
a nickel a lash to whip her."
    I really loved Bill when he cared enough to ask,
    " Is that okay with you, Janie?"
    " Yes I hope I will please you. I like you a lot."
    Joe went on, " I don't think Janie will want to stop to wait
for another hand to be played so we will just keep track till you
guys go broke or want to quit. Each penney will be a point and
you can spend them any way you want."
    I kept going back and forth to them as they played cards so
they could pinch and squeeze me. Either they went broke or got
too horny as the game was finally over when their losses totaled
five dollars after I was naked.
    Joe got up and went to the closet to bring back the whip.
    " You guys have the choice but I can tell you it would be a
good idea to start out with twenty lashes just to get her warmed
up."
    " Yeah! That sounds really exciting." John agreed. " But how
do we do it? Does she just stand there?"
    " Well actually she has a little trouble standing still for
twenty or more. We usually hang her up by her arms from the
ceiling. She can take ten to her butt or tits without being tied.
We tie her differently to whip her pussy to keep her legs open."
    " God! I figured we would just be spanking her butt. Do you
mean we can hit her anywhere?"
    " Well no. You can't hit her where the marks can be seen with
her clothes on. You know, like her face, neck, arms, or legs
below mid-thigh." 
    Bill made me love him more when he said,
    " Well that sounds pretty rough. I like Janie and don't want
to hurt her much. I'll just spank her bottom."
    John retorted, " Suit yourself. I see my sister get her butt
spanked all the time. I have wondered for a long time what it
would be like to whip the front. Let's get her hung up."
    Once I was stretched from the rafters Joe said,
    " Don't she look great that way?"
    Bill was feeling my breasts and stomach as he answered,
    " Jesus yes! John come feel how firm her titties and stomach
get when she is hung up."
    John came over and joined him adding, "She has the sweetest
pussy I have ever seen.
    I was really thrilled by their hands and the fact that I was
being admired by new people. I got to thinking about how
thrilling it would be to have a bunch of people admire me. As my
thrills kept building I wanted to move to the next plateau and
said with a tremble in my voice,
    " I am ready for my whipping."
    Bill said with awe, " Good God. She is actually asking for
it! I'll start it out."
    He was actually too nice to me. The lashes were more like
slaps to the upper and round part of my ass. He took the hint
when I pushed my butt out to meet the whip and began hitting me
harder and lower to make me more than ready to continue with
John.
    John brought the first one across the tops of both tits which
made me catch my breath and then brought one up to the bottom of
them. He liked the reaction as he said,
    " Wow. That really made them bounce!"
    He kept them bouncing with four more to the bottoms and sides
then went to ones across my lower stomach as close to my cunt as
he could get. I did not think to open my legs for him until the
last one. It made a loud "splat" as it went across both lips
which must have been the last straw for him as he dropped his
pants and turned me around to drive his dick into my ass. This
also inspired Bill as he dropped his pants and pushed his dick
into my wet pussy. Even the dick in my ass started feeling really
good. They came too soon for me and I was frustrated and in a
hurry for the next thing when my disappointment increased with
Joe's next statement,
    " We are beat! we need a break. Do you have any beer?" 
    " No. Just Dad's and he keeps count of them."
    Then Joe noticed me wriggling with frustration and continued,
    " Since you guys are beat maybe you would like to have me
demonstrate how brave Janie is with a few of your lashes?"
    They looked at each other and agreed that would be worth
seeing. Joe released me from the cuffs and led me over in front
of the boys. I had no idea what he had in mind until he said,
    " Kneel on the coffee table with your legs spread and your
hands behind your back."
    When he was satisfied my legs were spread far enough and my
hands were near enough to my elbows to really push out my tits he
said,
    " I told these boys you were brave. If you scream you will
get ten extra on your back. Do you promise not to scream?"
    He knew I hated to be hit on my back and how important it was
to me to be brave but was not satisfied with the nod of my head.
    " Say it!"
    With a voice trembling with excitement I said,
    " I promise I won't scream. If I do you can give me twenty
more."
    This made the boys perk up especially when Joe went on.
    " You will be asking for them. When you say one you will get
the first one. Fifteen will be the last. Don't move out of that
position."
    That seemed a lot to take without being tied. I wondered if I
would be able to cum with all the concentration it would take to
count, not scream, and stay in position.
    Joe got behind me so I thought he was going to lash my ass.
He surprised me when I said "one" and he brought the lash over my
shoulder with the tips hitting under my right breast and lifting
it as he pulled back on the whip. I had to gasp and let go of my
arms for a second then I welcomed the feeling as the pain
travelled down my belly exciting my pussy. at "Two" he hit my
left breast and at "Three" he hit my pussy. I wasn't ready and
had to gasp as I slapped my legs together but at least I did not
scream. Then the thrill began to build as I rubbed my thighs
together to soothe my stinging pussy and I began spreading my
legs again.
    John said excitedly, "Jesus! Look at her. She is opening her
legs again even though that one to her pussy really hurt!"
    That made me proud that he thought I was so brave and I
smiled at him as I said, "Four."
    Joe continued the same way  with two lashes to my breasts and
one to my pussy. By the time I got to "ten" I was wet with sweat
and was pushing my hips back and forth as I tried to get over the
threshold. The boys had been making comments all along about my
bravery and the effects of the lashes but I had not paid much
attention till Bill yelled,
    " Will you look at that! She is getting off on this!"
    I had mixed feelings about his comment as I primarily wanted
to prove my bravery not my ability to get pleasure out of pain. I
was too close to the threshold by then to worry about it. I
couldn't stand the possibility of not quite getting there so
changed my count to "Pussy twelve, pussy thirteen, pussy
fourteen," Fourteen brought me over and at " pussy fifteen" I
leaned back as far as I could so Joe could hit my pussy and ass-
hole at the same time. Then I just rolled off the coffee table
and laid there gasping. 
    When my breathing got back to nearly normal Joe said,
    " I do believe you have excited the boys. Why don't you blow
John so Bill can have a shot at your back door?"
    Bill lifted me back on to the coffee table. When I leaned
forward to take John's prick in my mouth he stuffed his in my
ass. This time they were able to last longer and I managed to
have another small orgasm.
    As I sat between them on the couch Bill said, 
    "Jesus. I really need a beer now. I am dying of thirst."
    " How do you think I feel after drinking salty cum."
    Joe said, " Janie. You know where the beer is. Dad will give
you ten swats for each one missing."
    Bill asked, " How much do we still have coming?"
    " Quite a bit. Enough for a fuck, a blow job, and thirty one
lashes."      
    " John, Let's trade the lashes for the beers. I don't want to
hit her any more. She is getting a lot of welts."
    " Okay by me, only I don't know if I can get it up again
without the whipping."
    This was fine for me as I was really getting sore. I was very
thirsty and would not have to pay dad till friday. If I was good
otherwise it wouldn't be that bad.
    That ice cold beer really tasted great as I sat between the
boys while they felt my pussy, my breasts and pulled on my
nipples. 
    I noticed that although they were playing with me while I
fondled their cocks, they didn't get real hard.
    Finally John said, " I don't think I want to fuck anymore. I
never got to hit her pussy. Lets trade the blow-job and fuck for
pussy lashes. It would only be eight of them."
    " I don't know. Janie, do you think you can take eight more?"
    " Yes I guess so. I could take them better if I was tied up.
I am a little too sore to ask for them untied. 
    Joe said, " No problem." as he threw another rope with cuffs
over another rafter.
    I didn't know why we needed it on a different rafter than the
one in the center of the room until they had me lie on the floor
as they put the cuffs from each rope on my ankles. Then they
pulled me up with the ropes till I was chest high and spread out
like the letter "Y". 
    It was a great position for them. John stood behind me and
bill in front to take turns. They swung the whip over their
shoulders and down on my gaping pussy. The pain was fantastic!
The center thong felt like it went clear inside me then after the
"Splat!" they would drag their whips across my clit. I was over
the threshold when Bill finished his four. I swore I would love
him forever as he stuck his tongue in my pussy and wiggled my
clit till I exploded in orgasm.
    When they left I whispered to Bill that it was wonderful of
him to lick my pussy and that I would make it up to him.
    He asked me if he could have some pussy hair for a souvenir.
I pulled his hand close above my clitoris and told him to help
himself. He pinched several hairs between his thumb and finger
and slowly pulled them out. I could feel each of them as they
pulled out by the roots and in spite of all I had been through I
felt little aftershocks.
    As I was waving at them while they walked away I heard Tommy
say, " Thank God they are gone. Janie really made me horny.
Janie! Come over here and suck my dick."
    Joe chimed in, " Yeah. She can do that while she sits on my
dick."
    Joe laid down on his back while I lifted my hips up and down
on his cock while Tommy stood in front of me for his blow-job.
    By the time the folks got home We were sound asleep in our
beds."   
    I admitted to Dad right away that I had taken the beer. I
hoped by admitting it before he found them missing he might make
it easier. I was wrong.
    "Janie. You knew the penalty for taking beer. I don't want
you kids drinking. You might do something crazy if you get drunk.
I am not going to wait till friday and you aren't going to like
it."
    He was right. No part of this was to be thrilling. He told
Mom and the boys to stay in the house so I had no audience to be
brave for and used a thick leather strap instead of the whip I
was used to. He tied me to the rafters by my wrists loosely so my
hands were just above my head and started at my shoulders inching
down my back. The only thing close to a thrill was the last ten
as he strapped my butt and kicked my legs apart to hit my inner
thighs. I cried all the way as he led me to the creek with my
entire rear area on fire. I finally felt some relief as he pushed
me into the cool water. I stayed there for a long time because
every time I got out my back would burn again. Finally the burn
and pain lessened enough so I could go back to the house
whimpering all the way.
    Mom took me to my room and gently applied the salve to my
back until most of the pain went away. As she caressed me she
said, 
    "You have some nasty welts and a few cuts. You are lucky your
Dad knows what he is doing. If he hadn't hit you square your back
would be a bloody mess. Were you brave?
    " Oh Mom. I really tried to be but it hurt so bad I had to
scream. It didn't even get me near to the threshold. There was
hardly any thrill. Just blinding pain."
    " Well now you know that you can be punished when you do
wrong. At least you know that you were able to stand even that.
Anything else that happens will seem easy. Now go on in there and
thank your Daddy."
    I knelt in front of him while I said,
    " Thank you for punishing me, Daddy. I know I was bad."
    " Yes. You were a willful, disobedient little girl. Do you
know what happens when adults act like children?"
    I knew exactly. " I have to lose my pussy hair don't I?"
    " Yes. Since your back is sore you can lay on your back on
your bed."
    He told Mom to get the candles. When they were lit the four
of them spread my legs wide and dripped hot wax on my pussy till
all the hair was completely covered with about a half inch of
wax. It was very hot but mostly thrilling as I pinched my nipples
while they waited for the wax to harden. The thrill was yet to
come. When they began to pull off the wax taking my hair with it
I began to come. They prolonged it by taking the few hairs that
were missed by the wax out slowly with tweezers. To make it even
better when the last hair was gone Dad and the boys began to lick
my clitoris until I had to beg them to stop before I blacked out.
They all agreed it was a lot nicer to eat a hairless pussy.
    Mom seemed real excited as she said,
    " Please take my hair too."
    Dad wasn't sure about that, " I don't think so. We need a
little variety."
    " Oh please! You know you like to lick it better when it is
bald. It will be better for you to whip too! Remember how you
like to see it turn red."
    " Are you volunteering to have your pussy whipped if we make
it bald?"
    " Well.. Maybe five."
    " That's five for each of us. Right?"
    " Oh. That's a lot. Alright I guess."
    " No guessing. Say please take the hair off my pussy and whip
it."
    " It is mean to make me ask for it... Please rip the hair
from my pussy and then whip it five times each." 
    Dad agreed but told the boys she was likely to squirm around.
He led her into the bedroom and sat her on the footboard of their
big brass bed. He had the boys tie her legs to the end pipes of
the footboard then he put two pillows under her butt and pushed
her back on the bed. This caused her butt to push her pussy up
and out and gaping wide. To my surprise Dad handed me a candle as
he lit the boys. I was thrilled to death because I had never been
asked to help. I had always just watched. I knew it would be good
for Mom too as I knew just how close to hold the candle over her
clitoris to bring her over the threshold. She was already panting
with excitement before we even started with the wax. By the time
her clitoris was completely covered she was coming and continued
her climaxes as we used the rest of the candles. Dad was getting
real excited too and couldn't wait for the wax to harden so went
into the kitchen and brought out a rag full of ice. As soon as it
was hard Joe got his fingernails under the wax by her ass-hole
and slowly started peeling it off. We had put on the wax so deep
it came off in one piece. Mom just moaned and whimpered as I
heard the hair ripping out of her pussy.Dad finally yelled,
"Hurry up." and Joe jerked off the wax to bare the upper part of
her pussy. 
    Dad pulled Joe out of the way and handed me the whip! I was
so excited I know I hit her too hard but my imagination was
running wild and every time I heard the "splat" of that whip when
it hit her wet pussy and heard her scream I could feel the pain
to my own pussy. I hit her six times in my excitement and Dad had
to jerk the whip out of my hands. I climbed up on the bed so I
could get a good view and found that I could still feel the
lashes on my pussy even when they were doing it! I moved forward
to pinch and pull on her nipples to add to her excitement when to
my surprise she reached back and put her hands on my butt to pull
me over her mouth. Her lips and tongue jerked into my pussy at
each lash to give me a great orgasm.
    At the last lash Dad pushed us out of the room. When we
turned to close the door we could see he had already jammed his
cock in her pussy and was thrusting so hard the headboard was
beating against the wall.
    The boys were anxious too and made a sandwich of me. Tommy
put his cock in my ass as Joe fucked my pussy until we were so
exhausted we fell asleep in each others arms.   
    The next morning Dad told me to stay with Mom as he left to
go to work and drop off the boys at school.
    I went into her room where I saw her lying on her back with
her legs spread as she rubbed salve on her pussy. She said,
    " Will you put the salve on me baby? It feels better when
someone else does it."
    I went over to her and was shocked at the condition of her
pussy. It was red, black, and blue with occasional white places
that were missed by the thongs. I began to cry and say,
    " Mama, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hit you so hard. I just
got too excited!"
    " That's alright baby. It will get better. You didn't hit
much harder than anyone else. Actually I think Joe was the
meanest and even then I got over the threshold. Could you tell?"
    " Oh sure. I was going over right along with you."
    " Do you think I was brave enough?"
    " Well.. You did scream quite a bit. But, you didn't try to
get away too bad." 
    " I am not as brave as you. I am going to have to ask Bob to
punish me without being tied so I can try to be more brave."
    Even though I was being as gentle as I could putting on the
salve she would still whimper where the skin had broken. I knew
what would help so I peeled back the lips of her pussy and began
to lick around and over her clit. She was soon sighing and I knew
I had made her forget the pain. She took my head in her hands and
moved it around so my tongue would get to all her sensitive
places until she let out one loud sigh and dropped her hands to
the bed. I crawled up to put my head on the pillow just in time
to hear her say,
    " Thank you baby. That was wonderful."
    I could tell by her breathing that she had dropped off to
sleep. I was too excited to sleep so I got up to walk around. THe
air moving around on my naked body felt so good I decided to go
outside for the combination of the hot sun and breeze caressing
my skin. 
    I was still excited and restless so I decided to walk out to
the creek for a swim. My skin was so sensitive I could feel every
breeze and just having branches brushing my upper body and weeds
brushing against my legs kept me excited. In addition to this I
was walking past trees I had been tied to by the boys and the
memories came to me vividly.
    Even swimming was incredibly sensual as the current played
with my body. I decided I had to do something to get me off or I
would go crazy. I walked into the woods to look for a switch or
something to add to my excitement. When I got to the fence I
grabbed the top strand and the one below to spread the wires so I
could crawl through. A sudden sharp electrical jolt startled me
and I fell back. I remembered then that Dad had put in an
electric fence because the horses were getting out. The jolt to
my hands made me curious about the feeling it would give to more
sensitive areas. I leaned forward slowly till my breast came in
contact with the wire. The jolt was now much stronger and I
pulled back again. Soon I had worked up the courage to touch it
again and leave them pressed against it. The electricity made the
muscles in my breasts jump as I slowly moved them till my nipples
made contact. This felt wild! I held the nipples against it the
best I could as I dug at my pussy. 
    I was startled by the sound of my mother's voice saying, 
    " I see you found the electric fence. It really feels wild
doesn't it." 
    " Oh yes! I was almost ready to go over the threshold."
    " Come along with me. I'll show you something even better."
    I followed her for about a block down the fence row till she
saw a large stump under the wires. She got on the stump and
straddled the wire saying,
    " Come on up and join me."
    I also climbed up and faced her awaiting further
instructions.
    " I'll hold on to the cheeks of your butt. You do the same
with me and we will let ourselves down on the wire."
    This was an unbelievable feeling and I had to make a lot of
short contacts just on my outer pussy lips until I could let it
slip between the lips of my pussy. When I could finally stand it
we began to lift up and down and saw back and forth on the wire.
When our breasts touched we would get jolts to our nipples and
the excitement built until I finally had the nerve to put it
right on my clit. That was fantastic and We began to cum at about
the same time. I looked down to see mom was pushing down so hard
there were wrinkles in the skin at the top of her cunt. I finally
could not stand it any more and straightened up. I found I did
not have the strength to lift my leg over the wire so we just
stood there for some time panting, convulsing, and sweating while
hugging each other until we recovered.
    When we could finally get down and start walking back to the
house with our nipples and clits still tingling Mom warned me.
    " For God's sake don't tell the boys about this. They would
end up hooking you up to house current which could kill you."
    " I won't Mama. It is nice to know there is something I can
do by myself to cross the threshold. I tried whipping my own
pussy but it didn't work."
    " Yeah I know. I guess it ruins it to know just when the lash
will hit. Also I don't know about you but I don't have enough
courage to hit myself hard enough to get over."
    We inspected each others pussies when we got back to see if
there was any damage. There was none except a little redness. One
thing led to another and when she laid down on her back I
straddled her face so we could lick each others pussies at the
same time. Even though it felt good we could not get off and soon
lost interest. Mom said,
    " We are really a lot alike. You can't come without pain
either."
    " I can right after it has been whipped and is super
sensitive. We might have made it if we had done it right after we
got off the fence."
    "You might be right. We could try that next time. Even though
this does not excite you very much. You will probably be doing it
quite a bit. Men really seem to like watching women go down on
each other. You might even get off because they will sometimes
whip the woman's ass who is on top and the inside of the thighs
on the woman on bottom."
    " Oh yeah I almost forgot. You can confess to something if
you want next wednesday as Dad was chosen as one of the whippers
last sunday. I might even confess to something myself."
    We agreed that confessing to masturbation was the best as it
guaranteed being punished on the most exciting parts of your body
and being fucked a lot to show how much better it was to have a
partner. I decided to confess to this but poor mama coulddn't do
it without making Dad look inadequate in bed. She decided to wait
till the last minute to come up with an idea.
    Wednesday finally came and we were squirming in our seats in
anticipation as we suffered through his sermon. Finally he called
for people to be saved and we both jumped up. He chose Mom first.
    When she was up on the stage trembling with fear and
excitement he said,
    " Yes Sinner. Tell us why you need salvation."
    " Preacher I have the sin of vanity. I spend our money on
frilly underthings and curl my hair."
    " Well let us see those frilly things you are so proud of."
    Mama took off her dress to show her nearly transparent bra
and matching bikini bottoms. By now her hair was long enough to
peek around the edges of the narrow crotch.
    He and Uncle Bill put her face up on a round oak table with
her arms and legs tied to its legs.
    " We will eliminate these signs of vanity now!"
    As he yelled that he ripped off her bra and panties then
caused a scream when he slapped each tittie to make them jump
violently. Then he said,"Since you want to be sexy we will make
you completely naked!" He and Uncle Bill started pinching her
cunt hair between their thumbs and fingers and ripped it out. It
really looked scary because her pussy lips would stretch way out
before the hair let go and the skin got real red. The people
deciding on the number of lashes she must take must have
appreciated the pain she had just went through as they decided on
only twenty lashes. I think the preacher was disappointed they
had not asked for more and wanted to make sure the twenty would
really hurt because as she laid there making little sobs the
preacher said to the whipper, "Just punish the area of her body
she was trying to make sexy. Her breasts and crotch!"
    I was glad to see he handed the thonged whip to the man.I
didn't know the man who had been picked to whip her. He stood on
her left side to whip her left breast five times so hard it was
pulled into her armpit then he whipped the right breast just as
hard. The preacher stepped forward to squeeze Mom's swollen, red
breasts and pulled on the distended nipples as he said something
to the man. He nodded then untied her legs to pull them up by her
head to tie them to the same table legs that held her arms. That
made he butt raise up off the table and opened her legs even more
to open the lips of her gash.
  They must have wanted the audience to have a good view because
he stood by her head and brought the whip down directly on her
pussy to make it squirm as the center thong sunk into her open
lips.It must have hurt awful because she screamed and twisted her
hips trying to hide but he just waited until she settled down
then hit again. To my amazement by about the fifth one she
stopped screaming just to gasp as it hit and began lifting her
hips to meet the whip.
    When they took her to the wall she just stood there with this
wild look on her face clenching and unclenching her thighs
together with her now naked pussy lips glistening from her
juices.
    I was still standing when he turned to me.
    " Janie. Get on up here."
    I went up very excited to have the rapt attention of everyone
in the audience but also scared after seeing what happened to
Mom. I confessed to masturbation and undressed He seemed
impressed. He said, " Janie you are all grown up. Your breasts
are as big as any woman's your size." He felt my breasts, pussy
and butt as he asked me if I touched them. of course I said I did
in a quavering voice brought on by the mounting excitement. They
tied my wrists and ankles to ropes from the ceiling so I was
hanging there like a hammock with my arms and legs wide spread.
They decided on thirty lashes. I was relieved when the pracher
said, "Since this is your first time  we will just use this
whip." and showed me the thonged whip that had just excited Mom.
Our neighbor George Thomas whipped me. He started on my butt but
because of my position most of the force was to the back of my
thighs very close to my pussy. Then he did my tits. I had already
crossed the threshold when he started on my pussy. He laughed as
I pulled my pussy up to meet the whip, screaming at each impact.
When it was over he told me that I never needed to masturbate. If
I got excited I should just go to his place and he would take
care of me.
    Mom and I stood tied to the wall for some time and I began to
think we would have to service all ten men when one of the
secretaries from the school stood up. I was really surprised to
see her here. She was real mousy and wore dresses that covered
her from her wrists to her ankles. The girls at school wondered
if she had breasts since you could not tell in her high-necked
loose dresses. I thought she must have had a death wish when she
confessed.
    " Oh preacher. I am so ashamed. I took some money from the
church bake sale so I could make my car payment. It was only
twenty dollars and I planned to return it when I was paid but by
payday the money had all been counted and I didn't know how to
return it."
    " That is a terrible sin and a worse excuse! The Bake Sale
was three months ago.You could have put twenty dollars or more in
the collection plate at any of our meetings if you really wanted
to pay it back."
    " It just seemed too sneaky to repay it that way. Here is the
twenty dollars."
    " Of course I will take the money as you owe it but it does
not repay the sin!  What does this woman deserve?"
    Mom said, "Oh God. She has never been here before! She
doesn't know how bad it will be!"
    The people that decided the penalty were just as mad as the
preacher some hollered out up to a hundred lashes. The decision
was made on sixty. I shuddered as my thirty even though Mr.
Thomas had hit easier than he could have was about all I could
have taken without fainting.
    It took her forever to undress. She had the shapeless dress,
a full slip, a half slip, and a cotton top to remove till she
stood there in old fashioned big panties, black stockings to her
knees and elastic bandage around her breasts. She took off the
socks and the panties first to display a very hairy pussy then
unwrapped the bandage around her tits. When the bandage was off
we discovered she had large firm tits she must have been ashamed
of to compress them with the bandage. She confirmed this by
blushing and holding her arms in front of them until the preacher
grabbed her arms and held them behind her back until she was
ready to be bound.
    They put a board with collars on the end of it to spread her
legs then lifted her clear off the floor by her arms.
    I really felt sorry for her when I saw my Dad go over to the
side to take out a hickory switch about five feet long out of a
barrel full of water. I had only been switched once and it had
hurt awful. My dad looked real mad and I remembered how badly I
was whipped when I had taken a nickel to buy candy.
    When Dad was in position the preacher stopped him to say,
    " She won't feel a thing through that big bush. Norma Jean.
Get up here and bring your scissors."
    Norma Jean trimmed her pussy hair as close to the skin as she
could while Miss Parsons sobbed as she hung from the ceiling.
    Finally the preacher was satisfied the hair was cut short
enough by feeling her pussy which changed her sobbing to maoans.
 Dad moved into position. and she did an incredibly brave thing.
She looked him right in the eye and said loudly, "Hit hard! I
don't care if you kill me. I deserve it!"
     He whipped her back and front alternately so she was
swinging back and forth on the rope. The switch really dug in and
there were several stripes on her breasts, pussy and thighs
weeping blood. She fainted from the pain but they just threw a
bucket of cold water on her to revive her. There was a collective
gasp of awe from the audience when she moaned, "Yes, harder! Make
me suffer like Jesus!" He proceeded until she had received all
the lashes but he must have appreciated her bravery because none
of the rest brought blood.
    She hung on the wall crying hysterically while the preacher
checked for other sinners. That demonstration must have scared
them as they all sat tight including the women who had stood up
when Mom and I arose. 
    Finally he gave up and closed the curtain. Dad, Uncle Bill,
and George went directly to Miss parsons while the others
gathered around Mom and me to untie us.
    By the time we were untied Miss parsons was lying on her back
on the floor screaming like a banshee as Uncle Bill kneeled on
her arms and gripped her tits as Dad jammed his dick in her
pussy. I heard him say.
    " Jesus Bill. You aren't going to believe this. This bitch
has to be thirty if she is a day and she is still virgin!"
    Mom was right. This was definitely the best part. I was
fucked every way possible. At one time I had a dick in my ass, my
pussy and my mouth all at the same time.
    Miss Parsons must have gotten into it later as she stopped
screaming to begin low moans. At the end when none of the men
could get another hard-on she didn't object when they came to her
one by one to have her clean their dicks and balls with her
tongue.
    When the men left some women came in to gently massage our
skins with salve. Miss Parsons was practically purring as she
stretched out for the women as they treated her breasts and
pussy.
    Miss Parsons was evidentally too sore to go to school on
thursday. When I saw her on friday she had remodeled one of her
black dresses completely. She had cut off the sleeves, shortened
it to mid-thigh, cut a deep v neckline that made it obvious she
was not wearing a bra. From the outline of her legs and butt I
don't think she was wearing a slip or panties either. She had let
her long hair out of its customary bun and was wearing lipstick.
The boys and men stared in awe at the transformation.
    From then on she never missed a chance to confess although
she was smart enough to only confess to tiny sins from then on.
Mom had to strip every wednesday to prove she was not wearing
panties or bra for the next month. She wasn't whipped though so I
am sure she never minded. I knew she was proud of her body and
she had told me that it made her feel good to have all the men
staring at her and wanting her. Dad got a little jealous but
there wasn't anything he could do about it. She always stripped
slowly to reveal her body inches at at time to give the men
maximum excitement and finished by standing facing them with her
legs apart her tummy tucked in and he boobs pushed out proudly.
That seemed to make more of the better looking women confess to
some little sin so they could show they had good bodies too.
Eventually I learned all the little sins to confess to that had a
minimum of lashes with a maximum of fucking.
    Things were going very well for me. Between my dad, my
brothers, our neighbor, and Uncle Bill I was getting fucked and
whipped all I wanted. Then disaster happened.
    One Wednesday night during the preachers sermon we heard a
commotion at the door. When we turned around we saw the man who
owned the feed store dragging his wife through the door.
    "Reverend! I caught my bitch wife in bed with a black man. He
is dead but dying is too good for her. I want her to be taught
never to screw around again!
    I had seen some pretty rough treatment but this made me sick.
    They hung her upside down so the blood would rush to her head
so she could not faint easily then whipped her with barbed wire
till she was bleeding everywhere. Then they made the letter "A"
with a coat hanger wire, heated it on the stove till it was red
hot and branded both her breasts and her pussy with the legs of
the "A" straddling her slit and nipples. They must have liked the
way her pussy hair caught fire from the branding because they
burned the rest of it off by putting gasoline on it and setting
it on fire. I was throwing up as a lot of the other women were,
when he threw her nude body into the back of his pickup and drove
off.
    If he had killed her and buried her no-one would have blamed
him. He didn't, and she got away and managed to get to the State
Police. They must have peeked through the windows at our next
meeting because they broke down the door just as the last woman
of the night had confessed and was being tied and arrested
everyone.
    I was sent to a juvenile detention place. They told me my
folks were going to prison and that they will find me some "Good"
foster parents. I am just going along with them now. I know that
when I get out of here I will be able to run away. 
    I am sure there is someone out there who will want to whip
and fuck me. I just have to find them.

                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





