BDSM Library - Julie




Julie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie, the freshman girl falls in love with senior boy who gives her her first orgasm after that she will do anything for more.
Julie
by Allene

A:cast Jan and david Julie and Roy meggan and Bart Terry and Jim

       He was older than me as a senior in high school while I was a
freshman. Since he had taken a year off school to travel with his parents
while I had skipped first grade thanks to a good kindergarten my folks
had provided. This meant he was nineteen while I was only  thirteen. I
think he thought I was older since I was completely developed with a 36-
23-35 body and no baby fat. I was very proud when he asked me out on the
first date and even more so thanks to my girl-friends being so envious.
  Things happened so fast! By the third date I had slept with him and on
the fourth I had an orgasm for the very first time. The girls who had
told me about having orgasms were either lying about it or just had
little ones from masturbation. Mine were earth shattering and I could not
even describe them accurately with my limited vocabulary. I thought it
was a miracle and nothing like it could have happened to anyone else. I
told him I loved him and would do anything for him.
  That was probably my first mistake. From that point on our relationship
changed. He became very possessive and jealous which I thought was great
at first as I thought that proved he loved me.
  I was not a good student so I had made a friend of a kind of nerdy boy
who was an "A" student so I could get help with my math and english. I
really did not think much about it until Roy, my lover, saw us sitting
together closely in the library after school while Jacob was showing me
how to solve a math problem.
  I could tell he was upset by the way he glared at me and stomped out so
I picked up my books and ran down the hall to talk to him. I caught up
with him as he was getting in his car in the parking lot. and asked him
what was wrong.
  "What's wrong?! You tell me you love me and the first time I turn my
back you are chippying on me with the biggest nerd in school. Get lost! I
will find a girl who is loyal!"
  " No! Please. I don't like him, he was just helping me with my math."
  " Bullshit! You never told me you had trouble with math. You don't have
to snuggle up to someone for math instruction!"
  " No really. I only love you. If you are mad at me punish me. Just
don't leave, I can't get along without you." By this time I was crying
and holding on to him as hard as I could. The idea of punishing me must
have appealed to him. He calmed down as he said.
  " Maybe you are right. You are a naughty slut. A good spanking may help
to keep you in line."
  That made me gulp as I had never been spanked in my life. I felt
committed since I had asked to be punished so I replied,
  " If that will make you feel better you can spank me all you want." As
I thought about it I decided to really prove I meant it and added, " You
can even use your belt."
  He had me get in the car and I snuggled up to him and put my hand on
his crotch. I could feel his dick getting hard which relieved me as I
knew he was still excited by me even though he was mad. As he got excited
I became excited with him and looked at the belt he would be using. This
is when I noticed he was wearing jeans that day instead of dress slacks
so instead of the skinny belt he usually wore he was wearing a wide
western belt with a big buckle. I was sure that this would really hurt
but by then I had convinced myself I deserved any punishment I got. I had
to admit I did not have to sit so close to Jacob and only did it because
it was a boost to my ego to turn him on.
  We turned off on a dirt logging-road that led deep in the forest then
got out of the car and started walking until he spotted what he had been
looking for. A tree about two feet thick had blown over in a windstorm,
the roots at the base and a rock at the end made it about waist high. 
  " That's perfect. You can lean over that and your butt will be just
right for the spanking."
  By this time I was anxious to get it over with so I could prove my love
and hopefully get him to make love to me again. I was getting excited
over the situation and the possibility we would be making love again. I
went over to the tree and leaned over it. I could see through my legs and
knew my butt was in a very vulnerable position.
  This wasn't good enough. He told me to take off all my clothes except
my shoes. I could not believe he could stand there and watch me strip so
calmly as I became more and more excited. When I was naked I went over to
the log but he stopped me.
  "Here this will help you stay in position."
  He had me straddle a stub branch coming out of the log and after I laid
over it he spread my legs which lowered my pussy onto the stub. I was
bombarded with sensations! The bark on the log was pressing against my
lower stomach and top of my pussy while the stub was centered right over
my clitoris. Any movement at all created sexy sensations and then he
said,
  "Are you ready?" When I admitted I was, he went on,
  " Say I am a naughty girl. Please spank my ass."
  By this time I was panting with excitement as I complied with his
command.
  The first few swats did not hurt all that bad. Just a stinging
sensation with some heat. The killer was the sensations I got as my clit
rubbed against the stub and the bark pushed splinters into my pubic hair.
When I didn't scream or complain he began to hit harder but I didn't care
as I felt myself approaching the mother of all orgasms. I don't know how
many times he hit me as I was freaking out. When he quit I practically
ripped his pants and shorts down and pushed him down on his back on the
forest floor and buried his glorious prick into my pussy. Even this was
not enough and I screamed, " Spank my ass!" He began hitting my ass with
both hands in time with my thrusts until I couldn't stand it anymore and
fell off to the side. Evidentally he had cum too as his dick slowly
softened and slid out of my sopping wet pussy.     
  When our breathing finally got to nearly normal he said,
  " Jesus! I didn't expect that kind of reaction from you. Instead of a
snivelling contrite girl. I got a sex maniac."
  " Me either! I have never been spanked before. I don't know if it was
the spanking, My clit rubbing on that damn stub, or just the excitement
of you being so strong and masterful. I know some of it came just from
getting naked out here in the open and your strength and my submission
because I was excited before I even leaned over the log. My ass is really
sore now but I am not sorry as long as you think I paid for my mistake."
  " I bet it is. I kind of got carried away at the end. Let me look at
it."
  I got on my hands and knees so he could take a close look and gently
trace the weals.
  " Yeah. It is really red and it has some welts. I'll stop at the
drugstore and get some salve."
  My butt was so tender I didn't want to put my tight panties on it. He
decided he didn't want me to wear a bra either so I just wore my skirt
and sweater. It hurt to sit on the seat so I laid down on it with my head
in his lap and my ass towards the front. He pulled up my skirt and idly
caressed and patted my ass till it felt better and I rolled over on my
back with my knees up so he could play with my pussy and tug on my pubic
hair. Just as I was getting really excited he pulled up my sweater to
sink his fingers in my breasts.
  " You really have great looking breasts. I don't know why you wear a
bra. You sure don't need one as firm as they are. I wonder what it would
be like to spank them."
  This was a bolt out of the blue but as I thought about it I realized
they were not all that sensitive except when I was having my period and
replied,
  " Well.. it might not be too bad except for the nipples. You could try
it with one of your smaller belts."
  " God that sounds exciting. If you can get away for the weekend we
could go up to my folks cabin and experiment."
  That didn't seem likely. My folks did not let me stay out after
midnight. When I went to slumber parties they always checked with the
parents to make sure it was alright with them for me to stay all night. 
  As fate would have it we didn't even have to wait for a weekend. My
grandma had to go to the hospital in Oregon. Dad and Mom left me home to
go to school, house-sit, and take care of our dog. It was about midnight
before they left. I called Roy right away as he had his own phone in his
room. I expected him to come right over but he said,
  " Hey that's great! I'll skip school tomorrow. Do some shopping and
pick you up after school."
  I was disappointed until he said that we would have plenty of time
tomorrow because it was friday. He would tell his folks he was staying
with a friend and we would have all night together.
  I was too disappointed he was not coming that night and too excited
about tomorrow to sleep. I took off my nightie so I could wander around
the house naked. It excited me to be naked in rooms other than my own. I
never pulled the drapes so I could imagine there were people outside
watching me. This was highly unlikely since our house was so isolated but
just the possibility was enough to make me excited. I ended up in my
folks bedroom where I could see myself fully in my Moms three way mirror.
Then I  saw my Dad's belt rack in the mirror and decided to experiment to
see if I could turn myself on with a spanking. I hit my butt five or six
times while I watched the belt land in the mirror. It was just not the
same. It did excite me a little but nothing like my experience with Roy.
I remembered that he wanted to spank my breasts so I tried that. Again it
didn't work. If anything it was even less exciting than my butt. I was
lying on my back idly watching myself playing with my pussy in the mirror
when it occurred to me that this was another area that could be spanked.
  I started out by rolling the belt up in my hand till about a foot of it
was free and lightly slapped my pussy. This was working! I uncoiled it to
make it a little longer and slapped harder. By the time I came my legs
were spread as far as I could get them and the slaps were echoing in the
room. It took me quite awhile to calm down. I was relieved to see I
hadn't caused any damage except for it being really red under the hair. I
wondered what it would have felt like without the hair to soften the
swats. I went to sleep playing with it as I fantasized about Roy spanking
it while it was bald.
  It was all I could do to get out of bed in the morning to catch the
school bus. The whole day was shot as I spent it imagining what would
happen later. I was in a dilemma. Since he already thought it was strange
I could get off while my ass was being spanked he may think I was a
complete pervert if I asked him to spank my pussy. To add to it, if I
really got pleasure out of being spanked how could he punish me if he was
mad at me. I spent so much time thinking about this my teacher, Mr.
Lucas, had to shake me to get my attention. Naturally I lied. I told him
I was worried about my grandmother who was in the hospital. Actually Mom
had already called to let me know Grandma was in no real trouble. She had
just had an anxiety attack and her heart was fine but they would stay
with her till monday. That satisfied him and he went back to the front of
the room to continue his lecture.
  After class one of my girl friends told me It was a good thing I had an
excuse because he was a nasty bastard and sent one of the girls to the
principals office where she got swats.
  "You've got to be kidding. The old principal just gave the boys swats.
Girls got detention."
  " That was the good old days. The new guy says since girls want the
same treatment as boys they will have to accept the same punishment. The
only difference is that with girls there has to be a woman witness.
According to Julie that doesn't help. I peeked at her the next day while
we were showering and her butt was still red from the swats."
  I agreed it was a good thing I had an excuse. This was true because I
don't know what would happen if I began to cum while the principal was
swatting me.
  Finally school was out and I ran to the parking lot to meet Roy. I saw
a bunch of packages in his back seat but when I asked him what was in
them he just told me I would find out later.
  " Did you wear panties and bra today?"
  " I didn't wear a bra as you told me but I had to wear panties with
this short skirt. I was afraid I might forget to keep my legs together in
class and someone might see."
  " That is a good reason not to wear them. It will help you to be a
lady. Now take them off and don't wear them again!"
  When I had them off he had me put my head in his lap so he could play
with me on the way to my house. I was thoroughly excited by the time we
arrived.
  He brought in the packages then wandered around the house till he saw
what he was looking for in the rec-room. The house had a western motif
and my dad had ordered a special light fixture made of a four inch by
four inch by four foot post with wrought iron light fixtures on it. The
whole thing was supported by chains from two large hooks in the cathedral
ceiling.
  As soon as Roy saw it he started opening the packages. He must have
spent the whole day shopping. There was rope, a shower curtain rod that
could be adjusted to different lengths, four collars padded with
sheepskin, a willow switch, a ping-pong paddle, a riding quirt, and a
whip made of a broomstick with leather thongs attached to it. He
explained,
  " I had to make some of this stuff. I glued some sheepskin onto the dog
collars so they wouldn't cut into your wrists and ankles. I couldn't find
a whip like the one I saw in a movie so I made one out of a broomstick
and leather from the saddle shop. I got the quirt from the saddle shop.
Now take off your clothes."
  By now all I had on was my sweater, skirt and shoes so I was naked and
breathless waiting for his next instruction in a minute.
  " I went to Seattle hoping I would find everything at a sex shop but
the only thing interesting was this."
  He showed me a leather bra with holes cut out for my breasts.  Then he
put it on me and pulled my tits through the holes. It was so tight my
tits looked and felt like cantaloupes. They were pushed out and
compressed at the bases so much they began to throb from the pressure.
  Then he put the collars on my wrists, tied ropes to them and looped the
ropes around the end of the light fixture, pulled me up on my toes and
tied them. I was feeling very excited and vulnerable. This was increased
when he put on the ankle collars hooked them to the shower rod and spread
my legs till all of my weight was supported by my arms. 
  When He asked if I was ready I was so excited I could only nod with my
nostrils dilating from my heavy breathing. 
  He gave me five on each cheek of my ass with the paddle, then went to
the quirt and then the switch. Each hurt more than the last but the
switch was definitely the worst being so skinny concentrated the sting,
as the pain increased so did the excitement. I was just about to go into
orgasm when he stopped! " That's enough on your ass."
  I was just about to beg for more when the whip came across my swollen
tits. The pain took my breath away and he hit me four more times with at
least one thong contacting my throbbing swollen nipples before I could
beg,
  " Please. No more on my poor tits. Hit my pussy."
  This surprised him for a moment. Then he recovered and began to whip
across the lips. I was cumming by now and when he began swinging the whip
up from the floor so all the thongs could concentrate on my pussy with
contacts to my clit I began to moan,
  "God... Please fuck me. I need you to fuck me."
  He started to untie me till I begged again,
  " No fuck me like this. I can't wait."
  When he stuck his dick into my tender pussy I went into mindless
orgasms. I was only semi-conscious when he got off and I don't even
remember being untied. 
  The next thing I remember was lying on the floor while he was tenderly
putting salve on my tits and pussy. When I had recovered I said, " I want
to see." and went into the bedroom to inspect my body in the three way
mirror. The paddle and quirt had just reddeened my butt but the switch
had left definite welts. It did not look too bad and I was surprised to
see my tits were just red and not badly marked in spite of all the pain I
felt. I was frustrated trying to inspect my pussy because of the hair so
grabbed some scissors off the dressing table and trimmed off the hair as
close to the skin as I could. It too was just red and very sensitive. It
felt good to caress it and I forgot Roy was there until he said, " I like
that look.You have a cute tight pussy. We might as well finish the job."
and walked into the bathroom returning with dad's electric razor. By the
time he had it completely bald I was going into orgasm again from the
vibration of the razor. When he spread the lips of my pussy and began to
lick my clit I freaked. I was pushing his head into my pussy with one
hand while squeezing my breasts with the other until the orgasms got so
strong I could only lay there and pulsate when he slid up to bury his
dick to make slurping sounds. We went to sleep, a deep sleep for me. I
probably would have slept for the rest of the night but woke up as he was
taking off the leather bra. My tits had swelled to the point he was
pulling them away from my chest wall as they squeezed through the
openings. It felt wonderful to have them fall free and even better as he
rubbed them gently. There was a big red ring where they had been
constricted by the holes in the bra. Other than that they seemed to be
alright. The throbbing went away shortly after the bra was off. As he
rubbed them he said,
  "God. I really love your tits. They are just perfect. So round and
firm. Now we know you like to have your ass and pussy spanked but not
your tits."
  " Are you disappointed? I know you wanted to whip them. Maybe it hurt
so bad because that leather bra was squeezing them so tight they couldn't
sink in at all when they were hit."
  This brought him to attention.
  " Could I try whipping them again without the bra?"
  " I don't know... They are pretty sore."
  " I'll tell you what. You really liked it when I licked your pussy.
I'll lick it a minute for every two swats you take on your tits. I won't
tie you up. You just put your hands on your head. If you grab your tits I
will stop."
  Why don't you make us a drink and I'll think about it."
  He had brought a bottle of vodka so he got up and made a couple of very
strong screwdrivers. As I sipped on the drink I remembered how wonderful
it felt while he was licking my clit. I decided I could take at least
four lashes which would probably be enough to get me off. After finishing
my drink I agreed as long as we could do it in the bedroom so I could see
them being whipped in Mom's mirror.
  He had me get on my knees, put my hands on my head and take a deep
breath to push my tits out as much as possible for him.
  This was totally different! I don't know if it was because I had agreed
to it, because I could control it, or the fact that they could move with
the lashes. I know it helped increase the excitement by watching them
being hit in the mirror. By the second lash which really made them bounce
I felt the pain and heat radiating directly to my pussy. I don't know how
many times he hit me. I still had my hands on my head and was straining
to get them as far out as I could as the orgasms shook my body. He
finally pushed me over on my back and went down on me which kept them
coming. I am sure he did not have to eat me for the time I had earned
because I was begging him to quit when they became too intense.
  He just watched me as I moaned and shuddered for awhile then began to
put the salve on my breasts again.  When I had recovered I saw that his
dick was still hard and out of fairness volunteered to give him a blow-
job. I was getting better at it by now and he could get it into my throat
for short periods without my having to gag.
  After he came we agreed we were too exhausted to do anything else so I
got up to make us something to eat while he made some more drinks. After
eating we went to bed for a nap.
  I woke up later to feel him idly playing with my pussy. He had put two
fingers of each hand in it and was stretching it apart to see deep inside
it. I noticed his dick was hard again. When he saw I was awake he said,
  " God you are wonderful. I can't believe how brave you were while I was
whipping your tits. I don't think I could hold my chest out for you to
whip like that. It really turns me on to have you take them without being
tied. I don't have to feel guilty about forcing you since you can stop me
anytime you want."
  I decided not to tell him it had nothing to do with bravery as I was
turned on even more than him. I did say, "I think I could take so many
because your whip just stings a large area without bruising me. As I get
more excited the pain seems to get less while the excitement doubles to
make me want them to come harder. I am sure the quirt would bruise and
the switch stings terribly. I kind of liked to be tied up. The feeling of
being helpless kind of adds to the thrill. It makes me feel a little
guilty to know I am asking to be punished."
  " Really?  I have mixed feelings about that.I like have you stretched
because it makes your body look fantastic. But it really turns me on for
you to be willing to be brave enough to take them untied. There is one
more test I would like to make. I want you to be able to stop me because
I don't want to get carried away and really hurt you."
  " What do you want to do?"
  " See how I have the lips spread out? I want you to spread your legs as
wide as you can while you hold the lips apart while I give it a few taps
with this."
  Then he held up the quirt which had a pointed leather thong on the end
about four inches long and about an inch at the base.
  I shuddered as I remembered how bad it had hurt on my ass and said.
  " Gee I don't know. That thing hurts awful and the inside of my pussy
especially the clitoris has to be super sensitive."
  " Yeah. That is why it should be really exciting for both of us. I'll
just hit it real light at first with just the tip so it can't bruise you
so you can see if it excites you."
  The idea began to appeal to me. Since he was so proud of my bravery on
the lashes to my tits he should really be impressed with this. Rather
than answer I slowly spread my legs as far as I could then put my fingers
in my pussy to pull the lips apart. He wasn't satisfied till I had pulled
them to the point I was feeling some pain from the stretching.
  His word was good. He just began hitting it so lightly it just made a
"patting" sound. It really felt exciting and I only regretted not being
able to see it happening as the end of the thong tapped against my clit.
I was debating with myself over asking him to hit harder when he began on
his own. It began to hurt now but even as the pain increased I found
myself arching up to meet the lash. I finally let go of my pussy but only
because it got so slippery from my juices and my orgasms would not let me
concentrate on holding it open. As soon as I let go of it he climbed up
on me and buried his dick as deep as he could in it and began to thrust
up and down and to the sides at trip-hammer speed. At the end he pushed
my legs together so my pussy had his dick in a vise-like grip that got us
both off in no time.
  For the rest of the weekend he decided, thankfully, that my body had
received enough punishment so he just wanted to exercise his domination
over me by satisfying his fantasies of having a sex slave. He would have
me be his footrest while he watched t.v. He would lead me around on all
fours by my neck collar. He made me stay stark naked while he was fully
dressed and then just open his fly so I could give him blow-jobs when he
felt like it. 
  The only time he fucked me it was frustrating because he tied me down
with all the rope he had to a table so I could not move a muscle then
fucked me as fast as he could to get himself off in a short time. Then he
left me tied frustrated by just getting close to orgasm while he went
back to watching a movie on t.v.
  I became totally frustrated as I was ready to beg him to make me come
but at the same time did not want to admit that I had become such a total
slut. Besides he seemed happy to think I was being forced into doing all
these things and I thought it might ruin things if I made demands. I
needn't have worried because from then on our relationship changed anyway
as he delighted in demonstrating his dominance whether I enjoyed it or
not. Actually I found very little I did not enjoy as I took pride in the
idea that he could never leave me as no other girl would let him have his
way as I did. This made me think he was just as much a slave to me as I
was to him.
  On our next date he told me he had made something for me. He showed me
a paddle he had made out of a 1 x 6 board. It was about two feet long. He
had me hold it on our way back out to the woods. It seemed very heavy and
I was a little afraid of it. As I kept holding it and imagined how it
would feel my excitement began to overcome my fear. 
  When I got out of the car I realized that this paddle was too heavy to
use on my breasts and pussy. I was relieved to see him carrying the whip.
  By the time we got to the log I was panting with excitement and rushed
to get out of my clothes. As soon as I straddled the limb I started
rubbing my pussy on it as I felt the stickers on the log sticking into my
mons.
  Then I heard a loud " Whap!" as I felt this terrible burning pain to my
ass that drove me into the bark and stickers. It hurt so bad I lost all
my excitement. I managed to take ten of them screaming each time till I
realized that I could never convert this much pain to excitement and
screamed, "Please no more! Use the whip! Please use the whip!"
  While he picked up the whip I turned around to do a back-bend over the
log. I was no longer straddling the stub so my pussy was in perfect
position. The first lash brought back the excitement and made me forget
about the pain to my ass. I was cumming by the fifth lash and he put his
prick in me as I laid over the log.
  When he had come he turned me over to look at my ass. "Wow! This is a
new record. Your ass never got this red before. It is almost maroon."
  When I got home I looked in the mirror. Maroon was the least! It was
already turning black and blue. By the next morning it was all black and
blue and was still throbbing with pain with huge welts caused by the
sharp edges of the board.
  School the next day was pure hell sitting on those wood chairs and I
found I was supporting most of my weight with my legs. At noon We went
out to his car where I showed him my ass and made him promise not to ever
use the paddle again. " I agree, I had no idea that it would do this much
damage."
  He was very sweet for the rest of the week it took for the bruises to
go away and went down on me at every opportunity.  
  Eventually it was not enough for him to know I was his slave it became
important to him to prove it to others.
  It started out fairly simple. He had suggested that I not wear panties
or bra on our dates. Now he insisted I never wore them and went shopping
with me so he could pick out light, loose skirts that would blow up in a
breeze and then had me hem them up as short as the school authorities
would allow. When he saw how fast I could catch the skirt before it blew
up and exposed me he insisted I stop using a book bag so I would only
have one hand to catch the skirt. It kept me on my toes but I managed to
get through the week without exposing myself in the wind or while
sitting. I did appreciate the fact that he had easy access to my breasts
or pussy anytime we had some privacy.
  This went along with my frustration caused by his teasing me by just
feeling me long enough to make me hot but not long enough to get over. He
did the same thing with my spankings as they never were quite hard enough
or long enough to get me really excited for the following fuck which he
did not even try to prolong. By the next weekend I was begging him.
  " Roy. Please.. Please help me come. I am going crazy. I feel so horny
all the time I can't concentrate on anything!"
  " Okay. If you are really good this week I'll help you. My folks are
going out of town and we will have our house to myself. We can do
anything. If you make any protest of anything I want we will just
continue this way."
  My first public obedience test came the next day. 
  When I met Roy in the parking lot he had about eight of his friends
with him. I was wondering what the occasion was when he called out to me.
  "Julie. Come on over. Do you know all these guys? 
  I didn't really know them to talk to them but I naturally knew their
names because they were either star jocks at football or baseball or they
were rich.
  " Only by name. I am glad to meet all of you."
  " Come and join us. Guys form a huddle."
  Roy led me into the middle while they formed a circle around me. They
were so tall and so close together no-one could tell I was with them. 
  Roy let me be the center of attention as they made comments about my
good looks and nice body. Essentially I had been a modest person before I
met Roy. I knew everyone had noticed my shorter skirts and the fact I
never wore long pants anymore but they had never seen anything since I
had been so careful. Their admiring comments excited me and made me blush
at the same time.
  " Look at that guys. She is blushing. I guess she is just a modest
girl. Along with being so pretty I love her because she will do anything
I ask her to. Isn't that so, honey."
  I was thrilled that he would say he loved me in front of all his
friends. By now he had told me to refer to him as "sir". With no thought
of possible consequences I immediately replied,
  " Yes Sir. Anything."
  The boys looked at Roy with total admiration as he went on.
  " Since you are always wearing loose skirts and baggy sweaters. They
aren't convinced your body is as good as I have been telling them. Why
don't you take off the sweater so they can see for themselves?"
  I hesitated for a moment then remembered what he had said about being
good. I couldn't stand the thought of not being able to come next weekend
so I slowly started pulling it over my head. To my surprise I found it
was exciting to be admired and it got even more so when Roy said,
  " Feel them. There is not a firmer set of tits in the country."
  They passed me around while they felt, kneaded and pulled and pinched
the nipples till they were standing out like little hard-ons. I was in a
kind of daze of excitement when he said,
  " You haven't seen anything yet. Julie. Drop the skirt."
  To increase their excitement and mine I slowly unbuttoned and unzipped
the skirt and let it slide slowly off my hips. They freaked when they saw
my shaved pussy. One of them said,
  " Jesus that is fantastic. I have never seen a shaved pussy before."
  They could hardly wait to pass me around to feel it and stick their
fingers inside which built the thrills to a head.
  Evidentally this was the last straw for Roy too because he pushed my
nude body into his car and drove off. I had unzipped his fly and was
sucking his dick when he found a deserted spot to pull into. Then he
jerked his pants and shorts down and had me sit on his dick facing him so
he could spank my ass in cadence with each deep penetration. I finally
got to cum. It was fantastic and I was so grateful I was blubbering how
much I loved him and didn't care who knew what I would do for him.  
  I had second thoughts about my performance at school that night. Just
as I feared the boys had talked about it and I was barely in the school
when my girlfriends came over to me to say,
  " We heard Roy showed you off in front of the boys. Is it really true?"
  There was no use lying about it so I admitted it. even though I was
sure they would think I was the queen of all sluts. I said, "Yes. Roy
thinks I am beautiful and wanted to prove it to his friends. I love him,
I'll do anything he wants."
  I was amazed and delighted to hear,
  " God it must be wonderful to love somebody enough to let him do that."
  " Yeah. Jesus, I have had fantasies about a bunch of guys looking and
feeling my naked body but I would never get enough nerve to do it."
  " You would if you loved your boyfriend enough to do anything to please
him and you are right. It is fantastically exciting to have them all
looking and fondling you while you get compliments on how you look."
  " Maybe. There are only about three boys in school I could love that
much and Julie already has one of them."
  It made me even happier that they considered my actions enough to
cement my relationship with Roy into stone.
  " Is your pussy really shaved? Can we see it?"
  At their insistence we went into the girls room where I lifted my skirt
to show them my bare snatch. I checked it every day and used a tweezers
to pull any hair that showed so it would be nice and soft for Roy.
  " God that is really wild. Would you shave mine at my slumber party
friday?"
  This was working out great! I was afraid on the way to school that Jan
may retract her invitation since I was such a slut. Instead I was a
celebrity! I was quick to agree,
  " Sure I would be glad to do it. I read in a magazine that some women
had cut the hair in different shapes like hearts and things. That might
be fun."
  " No. I think I would want mine totally bald like yours. It would be
exciting to be so totally naked."
  " Oh yeah. I find it keeps you totally aware of your pussy. You can
feel the slightest breeze or touch of your skirt."
  Over the next week it became obvious everyone knew about me. I did not
care. The only girls who acted aloof or sneered at me were either nerds
or bible-thumpers I could not care less about. Most of the freshmen girls
were pretty well ignored. It was great to have everyone go out of their
way to talk to me. Especially boys. All the boy's admiration made Roy
jealous which just helped to prove his love. I thought he had brought it
on himself by exhibiting me. I was so sure he would not do that again.
  I came early to the slumber party as I had promised Jan I would help
her get it set up. I got there just in time to hear her dad tell me that
he and her mother were going to a dance then staying at a motel as they
knew they would have no chance to sleep with a bunch of giggling girls
bombing around all night.
  Jan was in the kitchen setting up tiny sandwiches and veggies. She
asked me to take over while she made the punch. I was beginning to think
the party was going to be a little childish when she pulled out a magnum
of champagne and a fifth of vodka. She explained,
  " Watch out for the punch. Dad made it for a Christmas party once and
everybody got bombed. It has champagne, vodka, a chocolate liquor and
cream and sugar. It tastes like a chocolate soda but it will knock you on
your ass."
  By the time we had finished the guests began to arrive. I noticed there
was not a virgin in the lot. All of them had discussed sex with me at one
time or the other.
  Jan was right about the punch. I had only a couple of little cups of it
and could feel it. Some of the girls were in the giggly stage. About that
time Jan came back into the room with a dog clipper, a razor, a plastic
tarp, and her dads old fashioned shaving mug and brush saying,
  " Okay. Who's first?"
  The girls just giggled and pointed at each other so Jan said,
  " Well let me be first." 
  By that time we had changed into our nighties. She spread out the tarp.
I knew she was an exhibitionist like me because instead of just taking
off her pajama bottoms she took off the top too to show her pretty round
boobs. She laid down on her back saying,
  " Don't leave a hair."
  I went over and cut it as close as I could with the clippers then
spread the hot lather over her pussy with the brush. It was easy for me
to recognize the symptoms of her mounting excitement. I made it better
for her by taking my time and pulling the lips tight while brushing her
clit as I shaved her all the way to her ass-hole. Her inner lips got
redder and she was panting a little as she went over to the girls so they
could feel her soft smooth pussy.
  Betty wanted a heart so I cut it down with the clippers so we could
brush it up into a crew-cut then shaved the heart shape so the point was
just at the top of her gash. 
  The next girl wanted an arrow pointing to her pussy which everybody got
a kick out of. They teased her by saying her boy-friend was so dumb he
needed the arrow to find it.
  Meggan wanted a happy face. The circle was easy but I could see the
only way to make the eyes and the smile was with a tweezers. When I told
her this she said,
  " I know. I don't mind a little pain." 
  " By the time I finished the first eye I could tell she was getting off
on this so when I got to the smile I made it extra long and wide to help
her over. When she pushed up her pussy to me I decided to add a nose. Her
deep sigh let me know this did it for her. Meanwhile I could feel the
hair being pulled on my pussy with every one I pulled out of hers, just
with my rich imagination.
  When I finished she said,
  " Thank you. Oh thank you! I thought this would be exciting but I
didn't know how much."
  I was so excited and happy to find another girl like me I had to tell
Jan to do the last one, Terry.
  It was a good thing as she wanted a cherry and I wasn't that arty. Jan
spent a lot of time getting the leaf, stem and cherry just right. Since
the hair was nearly white Jan finished the job by using food coloring to
make a green leaf and red cherry. It really looked great and everyone
made a close inspection of it.
  After a few more drinks the girls started getting horny as they felt
their own and their neighbors shaved pussies. Jan evidentally thought the
time was right and went up to her room. When she returned she was
carrying a big box while saying,
  " You aren't going to believe what David bought me for my birthday."
  When she opened the box we saw it was full of sex toys with different
sized vibrators, dildos, feathers, a small whip made of leather boot-
strings, and a large double dildo. The girls giggled and pulled out
things to play with. Of course I was most interested in the whip. I
pulled it out  surprized it was as heavy as it was until I realized the
thongs had been soaked in oil.  I said innicently, "What is this for?"
  Jan giggled and said, "David told me if I wasn't a good girl he would
whip me all over with it. Even my boobs and pussy. I don't think it would
hurt much but it scareed me enough to give him the blow job he has been
wanting."
Her timing was perfect as everyone grabbed something and began teasing
each other by touching nipples and pussies. In a short time the giggles
were replaced by sighs and moans as they laid down on the floor to use
them on each other. Jan and I ended up with the double dildo. It was huge
and we had a little trouble getting it in as we laid on our backs with
our pussies facing each other. As we got wetter we kept inching closer to
each other. I had my left leg on top of her right leg while she had her
left leg on top of my right. In a short time we not only had all of the
dildo inside our pussies we were actually hitting our pussies together
with our thrusts as we tickled our clits with our fingers. I swear that
damn dildo was hitting my stomach and I was trying for more till we both
climaxed.
  When we had recovered enough to pull back so the dildo could pull out
of our snatches we sat up to see Betty and Terry were torturing Meggan.
  They had tied her wrists to the legs of the couch and were straddling
her legs to hold them wide apart while they tickled her nipples and pussy
with the feathers. We got over to them just in time to hear Meggan say,
  " Please. No more. This is killing me. I would rather be whipped."
  Terry said, "That's okay by me!" and pulled the whip out of the box and
proceeded to whip her left then her right breast then her pussy in rapid
succession. I could see the pain couldn't be too bad as the whip just
turned her skin pink then red. After about the twentieth lash Meggan
began to scream,
  " I'm cumming! I'm cumming."
  Terry quit whipping her and they both got off her legs but she left
them open while pushing up her cunt for some time before she calmed down.
  They untied her hands and when she sat up someone handed her another
cup of punch which she chugalugged. Then she began to cry.
  "Oh Jesus! This has been the most exciting night of my life. I have
never cum before. I have always faked it for Don. You guys must think I
am a terrible pervert. I wouldn't blame you if you never talked to me
again."
  Terry replied, " God don't feel that way. A lot of girls get off on a
little pain. Why do you think they sell whips in sex shops.If anybody is
a pervert it is me. I got off whipping you."
  Jan joined in, " Terry is right. Hell I have had fantasies of being
tied up and whipped. I'll bet the other girls have them too." Some of the
girls nodded in agreement.
  Terry said, " If it will make you feel better you can whip me. I even
know how I want to be tied and what I want to be whipped with."
  I could see from Jan's rising excitement that she would be more than
willing to volunteer if Meggan did not want to do it.
  Meggan hesitantly replied, " Are you sure? You aren't doing this to
just to make me feel better are you?"
  " God no! I am getting hot just thinking about it. Terry go out to the
garage and get the rope hanging on the wall! Julie go out to the willow
tree and cut a switch."
  I ran out to the kitchen and got a knife. I was sure she wouldn't want
to be badly marked so I just cut a skinny one about three feet long.
  When I went back in two girls were tieing her arms to two light
fixtures coming out of the wall while two others were tieing her legs
wide apart to a piano and a heavy library table. Jan was already panting
with excitement as she watched me strip off the leaves of the switch and
hand it to Meggan. I thought it was interesting that she had decided to
be tied face out. I had assumed that if it was her first time she would
have faced the wall.
  Meggans first few lashes across the stomach were very light. They
barely left a mark on Terry's white skin and as she made no protest,
responding only with shuddering breathing, Meggan got braver and began
hitting harder and moving the lashes to her tits and then hard ones to
her inner thighs that even made me wince. Terry continued to just moan
and gasp as Meggan slowly worked up both of her inner thighs till she was
finally hitting the lips of her pussy. She screamed loudly and continued
to scream after Meggan stopped in a state of shock. I knew Jan was
screaming from the orgasms not the pain but Meggan didn't and began to
cry again.
  " Oh I have hurt you. I am so sorry. Let me make you feel better."
  At that she dropped to her knees and buried her face in Jan's pussy
which brought on more screams.
  Jan was standing beside me digging at her pussy and moaning, "
Oh...Oh... If I don't come I will die!"
  At that I picked up the switch and handed it to her saying,
  " Yes. Me too. Here whip me. Whip me hard until I agree to eat your
pussy."
  Then I went over to the couch and stuck my toes between the seat
cushion and the seat back and arched till my head was resting on the back
and my tits and pussy were readily available.
  I don't think Roy had ever hit me that hard. I was screaming and coming
by the eighth or ninth lash and began blubbering "No more. I'll eat
you!" 
  Terry fell back to the floor digging at her pussy. I just fell forward
on top of her and buried my face in her pussy as she strained to get her
legs as open as possible. I had never considered doing such a thing but I
continued to lick her clit while I dug at my pussy until we had reached
the ultimate orgasm. 
  Betty and Maxine must have been shocked by the experience because they
dressed and left right away. They must have been ashamed to be part of
the experience because they never told anyone. One of us would have heard
the gossip if they had told anyone.
  When we woke the next morning Jan was happy and bouncing around while
Jan, Meggan and I inspected each others bodies for damage. We were all a
little sore but there was only a few bad welts and no skin was cut. Jan
was fascinated that the whipping had excited us and said, "How could you
get off on that? I have just been spanked by a hairbrush and it just hurt
terribly. I explained that here was no comparison.  Just being naked for
it caused a lot of excitement and the stings seemed to travel through the
body to our clits. Meggan and Terry agreed and Jan said, "Maybe I'll be
naughty and let david whip me."
  I told her the whip was not nearly as bad as a switch since it spread
the sting and to try it first. Her mother made us brunch and we all left
for home.
  When I got home my folks had gone shopping so I had some time to myself
to think. I was glad that Roy had gone to San Francisco with his parents
as I would have time to heal. I did not know how he would react to my
letting other people whip me and decided not to tell him about the
experience. Then I began to think about how happy Jan had been about
finding so many girls that were willing to be whipped. Her big mouth may
not let her keep the secret. Meggan had always been so quiet we had
assumed she was a virgin. Her actions were so out of character I began to
wonder if she only did it because she was drunk and would have regrets.
The only one I trusted was Terry as I recognized so much of myself in
her.
  Just as I was lost in thought the phone rang. It startled the hell out
of me and I was stammering as I said "hehello."
  It was Terry who told me her folks had left to visit relatives and that
Jan and Meggan were coming over to talk about last night and she wanted
me to come. I was quick to agree as I was very curious as to how they all
felt in the light of day. I left a note for my folks and went on over.
  Terry met me at the door very chipper and said that the other girls had
just got there. She led me into the living-room where Jan and Meggan were
sipping on beers.
  Jan started the conversation, 
  " First of all I want you guys to know I love you to pieces. I have
never, ever had an experience like that before in my life. I am probably
spoiled for life as I can't imagine ever being able to cum that hard and
long again. Even though the experience was so great I don't think we
should tell anyone about it. They might think we are crazy."
  I replied, " I agree! I am so happy you are saying this as you were the
one I was afraid would want to talk about it."
  Meggan and Terry jumped in to agree completely.
  Meggan went on to say, " I really had mixed feelings this morning. I
could almost get off again just looking at my marks in the mirror but I
would be brought back down by the fear this would be all over the school
and everybody would think I was weird."
  We all comforted her by saying no-one could talk without implicating
themselves.
  Meggan thought for a minute then said, " What about Betty and Maxine?"
  I was relieved when Terry replied,
  " Don't worry about them. They both agree they participated and were
also implicated. They admitted they got excited seeing the whipping and
only left because they thought they would be next to be whipped and
neither can stand any pain. They want to still be our friends and would
like to be there if we do it again as long as they can just watch or
maybe whip someone. They admitted they were so excited when they left
they ended up 69ing each other in the car." 
  That gave me a wild thought,
  " Hey. Since we like to whip or be whipped by girls as well as guys
does this mean we are lesbians."
  Terry came back, 
  " Hell no! At most we might be AC/DC. I know I like to whip boys. I
have just never got the opportunity to whip full grown ones. I have been
in to this a long time. When I was nine or ten a neighbor boy was always
trying to catch me naked. He finally got to the I'll show you mine if you
show me yours line and tried to bribe me with candy. I finally told him
he was naughty and if I showed him he would have to let me spank him. The
first time I spanked his bare butt I knew I was on to something great.
Eventually I was using a switch on his butt and stomach. Finally he must
have really got into it himself as he brought me a little leather strap
and let me whip his dick till he came. I spent so much time naked I got
an all over tan. When he moved away I got so frustrated I was whipping
myself."
  Meggan chimed in,
  " I got into it the same way only I was the one spanked. Two boy
cousins just a little older than me stayed with us for the summer while
their folks went on a Mormon mission to Mexico. I was curious so I
followed them to the swimming hole so I could watch them skinny-dip.
Naturally I finally got caught when I tried to get too close. They
threatened to tell my folks who you know are religious as hell unless I
let them spank me. I had no idea it would turn me on. Since they were
naked they said I had to get naked too. Joe, the older one, had me lay
over his lap so he could spank me with his hand. I found it didn't hurt.
It just stung a little and to add to the thrill I could feel his hard
dick poking me in the stomach. Then it was Bobby's turn. He decided that
instead of getting over his legs that Joe shold hug me to his chest with
my legs around his waist. When he hit my buttcheek I jumped forward and
Joe's dick rubbed on my slit. He kept hitting one cheek then the other as
I rubbed agaisxt the dick until I got so wet his hard prick slid inside
me. Then bobby started hitting the crack of my butt with the ends of his
fingers hitting the back of my pussy. I had a fantastic orgasm. From then
on they thought of a million reasons to punish me but I really clinched
it for them when they said they were going to spank me and I took off
Joe's belt and handed it to him saying I didn't want to be spanked. I
wanted to be whipped like a black slave. I took off my dress and panties
then backed up to a tree and raised up my arms to hold onto a branch so
they could whip the front of my body as well as the back.  They whipped
every inch of me until I was red from my armpits to my thighs. It was the
first time I got a fantastic orgasm from only the stimulation of pain..
From then on there was no pretence as they spent every waking moment
finding new things to whip me with and different ways to tie me. Part of
the 'Punishment' was giving them blow-jobs which I still like to do."
  Terry asked,
  " What about you, Jan? Did you get into it early?"
  " I fantasized about it early. When I was still pretty young I was
browsing in the college library while waiting for my older brother to get
out of class when I saw a picture of a naked black girl being whipped by
an overseer. The text said he was sadistic so I looked up books dealing
with sadism and then masochism. I have read all of the Marquis De Sade
books, The Story of O, and anything else I have been able to find. I
found a lot of stuff in religion especially the French and Spanish
inquisition. I have tried to piss off my boy-friends hoping they would at
least spank me but no luck. Even David just pouts when I piss him off. I
never got to realize my fantasies till last night. It was even more
thrilling than I had imagined. It was fantastic! I just wish I could get
David to do it so he could fuck me afterwards. 
  Julie, How did you find out?"
  " Pure accident. I pissed off Roy by sitting close to another boy. I
was afraid he would leave me and asked him to punish me instead. I had no
idea I would like it. I had never been spanked before. I came while he
spanked me and he must have known as he has been dominating me ever
since. I love every minute of it. Actually he has never hurt me by whips
as much as you did last night, Jan."
  " Yeah I know I got carried away. However, You should keep in mind the
fact that I have had these pent-up emotions for a long time. If you guys
let me do it again I will try not to be so mean. To prove to you I am
really sorry I have decided to let you whip me with this. I spent all
morning making it out of an old leather skirt I had."
  She reached behind the couch and brought out the whip she had made by
braiding six leather thongs about an inch wide together just long enough
to make a handle. When she held it up to her waist the thongs reached
almost to her knees.
  " I hit myself with it once and it really stung. To make sure I don't
back down I want you to tie and gag me so I can't beg you to quit."
  Meggan said hesitantly, " Are you sure? You might hate it, and us for
doing it."
  " I am sure I will hate it. The whole point is to make it up to you
guys for being so mean. I should never have hit you that hard. I know you
guys won't be that mean to me."
  I wasn't so sure of that.I did not plan to go easy on her. Meggan and I
quickly agreed.
We couldn't find a good place to tie her so ended up out in the garage
which had open beams across the ceiling.  
  When she had taken off her skirt and blouse she said,
  " I don't need to take off my panties and bra do I?"
  We replied in unison,
  " Of course you do!"
  She made a little sob then took them off to stand nervously in front of
us. I could hardly wait to turn that lily white pussy as red as the
cherry we had trimmed on it. We tied her wrists up to the beam then
wadded up a hankie to put in her mouth with a scarf tied around her head
to hold it in. We decided to tie her legs so she couldn't kick. The ropes
weren't long enough to reach the legs of the workbenches on the side
walls so her legs had to be pulled apart about three feet which opened
the slit on her pussy and put her weight on her arms to flatten her
stomach and raise her tits.
  We odd-manned to see who would be first. Terry was first, I was second
and Meggan was last.
  Jan made a few practice swings against the side wall. There was no way
the lashes could be too easy as it was so long and grabbed so much air it
just snarled on an easy swing. Jan's eyes got as wide as saucers when she
saw the whip bounce off the wall and heard the loud snap.
  Terry said "I don't think she can stand more than ten apiece." and used
all ten on her butt and the back of her thighs. I could see Jan was not
enjoying it as she screamed through her nose on each lash and tears were
running out of her eyes as Terry handed the whip to me.
  I thought she could take fifteen. Her butt was really red so I put all
fifteen on the front starting at the top of her thighs and spacing them
up her flat stomach to finish with two to her tits.
  I could see that She was reacting differently. She was still sobbing
but her stomach was pulsating as she pumped her hips back and forth while
pussy-juice was beginning to leak out of her cunt.
  Meggan took off the gag and said, "Are you alright? I want to give you
twenty. Do you think you can stand it?"
  She just moaned, "Yes! Put them all over and hurry before this
excitement goes away."
  Meggan didn't hit real hard covering her back with ten then working up
her front as Jan shuddered and pulsated with a scream through her nose as
Meggan used uppercuts to her pussy on the last three."
  We took her gag off first so she could babble.
  " My God. I came! I actually came from being whipped!  This is unreal.
I thought I would hate it. I did! The first ten or twelve just hurt
terrible but then for some reason it just became totally thrilling. Did
you see! I was actually pushing out my pussy to meet the whip! This is
fantastic!
  Even after we got into the house and she had chugalugged a beer. She
twirled in front of the mirror.
  " Look how red I am! My tits. My Pussy. My butt. I look like I have a
sunburn but it doesn't hurt! it just feels hot. I can't believe I reacted
this way. Shit! I whine for an hour if I get a paper-cut. It can't be
just from pain. It must be a combination of things. Fear, being naked and
helpless, I don't know. Just everything. Can you do it to yourself like
masturbation?"
  Jan said she had never tried to whip herself. Meggan and I agreed it
was not the same and just didn't seem to work.
  " It just doesn't matter. We can whip each other. I can't lose I can
get off either by whipping or being whipped. Did you guys get off
whipping me?"
  Jan admitted she did because she was as thrilled watching the whipping
as doing it. Meggan and I admitted we got close because we could imagine
what Terry was feeling. If it had lasted a little longer we probably
would have come too. 
  School the next day was wild. All we had to do was look at each other
and recall our experiences to get excited. We compared notes and found
that we were all fast healers. Terry said that she had a few little black
and blue marks on her ass and pussy. She was a little disappointed when
she looked in the mirror. She wanted proof the whole thing was not a
dream.
  I sat behind Terry in Mr. Lucas's class. I watched her squirm in her
seat and knew from past experience she was trying to feel the bruises.
  I was concentrating so hard on her I jumped in my seat when I felt a
hand grab my shoulder. I looked up to see Mr. Lucas glowering at me.
  " What is wrong with you? I called your name three times. What is your
excuse this time."
 I was so startled I could not think of an excuse. 
  " I'm sorry. I guess I was just day-dreaming."
  He had me come up to his desk where he gave me a note to take to the
principals office.
  I walked there with a feeling of fear and dread. I did not know what to
expect. Other girls who had got swats would never talk about it except to
say it really hurt. I knew it must leave marks as the girls were always
excused from gym classes for a couple of days. I remembered the girl with
the red swollen ass after her swats and that was two days later. I also
was worried about what my folks would do when they found out. The last
time I had to stay after school they had grounded me for a month. I was
dying over the possibility of not being able to go out with Roy for that
long.
  I handed the note to Miss Hauser, Mr Rogers secretary, only to find I
would be suffering the rest of the day when she said,
  " Mr. Rogers is too busy to deal with you now. Come back after school."
  Miss Hauser was lean but muscular. She had hardly any tits. The kids
all thought she was a butch dike. I remembered with dread a picture one
of the arty kids had drawn showing her wearing a leather bra and jock-
strap with swastika tattoos on her body. She had been holding a long whip
and had a sneer on her face.
  I looked up the girl I remembered with the swollen ass, Mary Billings,
and asked her what had happened to her. She said she didn't want to talk
about it except,
  " One thing I'll tell you. They give you options. For God's sake don't
decide on swats. That is just murder. Anything else would be better."
  Time dragged till it was time for me to go. To make matters worse they
made me sit out on a bench in the front office while they talked in the
inner office till everyone had left the school.I watched the janitor turn
off lights as he went toward the front door which he locked when he got
outside. It was so quiet I could hear my heart beating.
  Finally Miss Hauser came out and told me to go in the inner office as
she locked the door of the outer office. When I went in I heard the click
behind me as she locked that door as well.
  Mr. Rogers was sitting at his desk reading my note. He looked up at me
as Miss Hauser stood next to him.
  " Julie. I see from the note this is your second offense. I don't know
why Mr. Lucas let you off the first time but it doesn't matter. I have
some options you can consider for your punishment.
  "First of all a second offence has earned you twenty swats and
notification to your parents of the need for disciplinary action. If you
wish you may take thirty swats and no-one need know except Miss Hauser
and myself."
  I was so relieved that it could be kept secret I quickly replied, "
I'll take the thirty swats."
  " Fine. That brings us to the next option which has it's advantages and
disadvantages. If you decide on swats they will all be placed on your
buttocks with this."
  He held up what looked like a tennis racquet except where the net would
be there was a round inch thick leather paddle with a bunch of holes
drilled in it. This explained the polka-dots on Mary's ass and the
terrible bruises. I could see already that I would want the other option
no matter what it was.
  The disadvantages include the fact this is quite painful and  will
leave bruises and soreness that may make it obvious when you sit that you
have been punished. The advantage is that you can maintain your modesty
as these would be administered to your panty clad bottom.
  Then we have this."
  At that he held up a thonged whip that looked a lot like Terry's.
  The advantage is that the lashes will be spread over your upper body so
you will have no bruises or long lasting soreness. The disadvantage is
that this whip is so light you would hardly feel it through your clothes.
It has to fall on unprotected skin. Do you understand?"
  " Uh...Yes I guess I have to take off my clothes."
  " No. No guessing. Either say I will take the swats or...I will take
off all my clothes so I may be whipped."
  I began to realize that this could be very exciting after all. " I will
take off all my clothes so you can whip me."
  " Are you sure? This is your decision."
  " Oh yes. Please let me take off my clothes and be whipped. I don't
want to be hit with that paddle." I was being very honest about that. I
remembered Roy's paddling and shuddered at the thought. 
  " All right. You may proceed."
  I stood there for a moment till I realized he meant I should get naked.
They watched me avidly as I slowly unbuttoned my blouse. they seemed
surprised I was not wearing a bra and stared at my crotch when it was
obvious I had no panties.
 I decided not to try to be coy and stood facing them. When I stood there
with my arms at my side totally naked shivering with excitement he said,
"I can see why you chose option two. You obviously are not modest. Don't
you ever wear underclothes?"
  "No. My boyfriend said that I would be more careful not to show my
panties if I was not wearing any and it seems silly to wear just a bra.
  " How interesting. That explains why the men teachers have you seated
in front of their desks. Why don't you have hair on your crotch?"
  I felt embarrassed remembering that I had sometimes opened my legs at
my seat to tease the teacher and put my hands over it. When he frowned I
moved them away again as I explained I did not want any hair to show
around my bathing suit.
  " That must be a really skimpy suit. Now then get up on this table on
your knees."
  Miss Hauser had dragged a heavy three feet by four foot table away from
the wall. It had handles on each end. I was pretty sure what the handles
would be used for. Then she had me hold my wrists together while she
wrapped what looked like a diaper around them. She explained that the
diaper would keep the rope from cutting into my wrists if I jerked on
them. While she was doing this he stood on a chair to loop a rope around
a hook in the ceiling. Then they tied ropes to my legs just above my
knees pulled my legs apart and tied the ropes to the handles. They took
their time with the tying. They must have enjoyed the foreplay. Finally
they had my legs spread to their satisfaction as I knelt there taking
quavering breaths with my eyes closed. Abruptly I felt and heard a slap
as he brought his hand up sharply between my legs as he said,
  "Stand up straight!"
  Then they tightened the rope from my arms to the hook till most of my
weight was off my knees. To my frustration they still did not start the
whipping as they talked about me as If I was not there.
  " See how proper posture makes the body look better, Miss Hauser?"
  " Oh yes I agree. Her stomach is so nice and flat and her breasts seem
firmer and higher. Just feel them."
   Mr Rogers wasn't satisfied with just a feel. He compressed them and
then pulled them out by tugging on the nipples. My breathing became more
ragged by the minute and then became pants as Miss Hauser tugged on the
skin just above my gash to pull the lips back together and release to
have them come apart again which was having an effect on my clitoris.
  " Young girls have such flexible skin Look at this. And this!" At that
she spread my lips tight against my inner thighs as I gasped with the
pain of the stretching.
  Finally they were ready to begin and I understood this was to be a team
effort as Miss Hauser went to the closet to bring out another whip. 
  Miss Hauser stood at one side while Mr Rogers stood at the other
alternating lashes to my butt,thighs, and front with fore hands and back
hands about a second apart. They had perfect timing as one was bringing
the lash back the other would hit so the pain was nearly constant. The
pain and excitement increased as the lashes at my back began curling
around my tender thighs while the lashes at front crawled up my stomach
to give me an orgasm when my breasts jumped violently from a lash
directly across my nipples followed quickly by a lash directed down at my
butt to bring the ends against my open gash. I began to drive my hips
back and forth to meet the lashes. Now all the rest were hitting my
breasts or drooling pussy.
  Finally it was over and I heard Miss Hauser say,
  "We'll let you settle down for a minute." as Mr Rogers jerked her into
the nurses room next door. 
  I hung there panting and throbbing for minutes with pussy-juice
trickling down my thighs and after shocks wracking my body until I
finally started breathing normally and began to cramp from the stretching
caused by the ropes. I could tell from the noises next door Miss Hauser
was getting her brains fucked out.
  Finally they came out and untied me. As I was getting dressed he said,
  "I have to admire you. other girls we have whipped just came apart,
screaming and fighting up to the point they fainted. We have another
program you may be interested in. Your behavior has generally been good
but your grades are below average. Evidentally study is a pain for you.
We can substitute one kind of pain for another. You can earn points by
duties or punishments to raise your grade average to whatever level you
wish."
  God knows my grades needed help but at this time my life was too
complicated to accept two more masters. I hesitantly declined.
"I appreciate the opportunity you are offering but right now I couldn't
make a decision. I'll think about it though."
  I was not lying. I thought about it every night as I tried to bring
myself off till Joe came home.
  Joe got home friday night and came right over to my place. I stayed
with him till my midnight curfew sucking and fucking him till he just
couldn't get hard again. I begged him to whip me in hope that would
excite him but he said,
  "No that can wait for tomorrow. I want things to be just right. Tell
your folks we are going on a picnic at my dad's cabin. There is no phone
for them to check on you.        
  I got little sleep that night and was bouncing off the walls when he
finally picked me up in the morning. As soon as we were out of sight I
laid down on the seat and started unzipping his fly. He stopped me!  When
I asked why he just told me he wanted to save himself for later. At least
he provided some consolation by pulling up my t-shirt and playing with my
breasts and pinching my nipples.
  When we got to the cabin he had me take off my clothes and put the dog
collar around my neck and attached a leash. Then he led me around the
cabin while I was on hands and knees to look at all the rooms. He wanted
to keep my waist even with his legs and if I got too far forward or back
he would snap me on the ass with the end of the lead. When the tour was
over he led me over to a saw horse by the couch and had me straddle the
two by four top. It really cut into my pussy as he said
  " Wait there. I have something out in the car to show you that will
blow your mind. 
  Before he left he spread my legs some more to bring more of my weight
onto my snatch while saying, 
  "If you bring your legs together I will line that two by four with
thumb tacks pointy side up."
  As much as this hurt I could not imagine what tacks would be like.I
found that if I moved around a little I could distribute the pain. I was
starting to get into it when he came back in with a huge box he dropped
in front of the couch. He led me over to the couch and had me sit next to
him as he opened the box.
  " You wouldn't believe San Francisco! It has a regular shopping mall of
sex stores. I bought some awesome things."
  He pulled them out one by one. He had bought professional cuffs that
had rings and snaps so they could be hooked together or tied to ropes.
Six different sized and shaped whips. A dildo with spikes at the base.
Another huge dildo with a head on it as big as my fist. A leather string
bikini which I thought would just look sexy until he turned it inside out
and I saw the cups of the bra and the triangle to fit over my pussy  had
what looked like carpet tacks sewed into them. Hundreds of them! I
shuddered when I saw that. When he noticed he said,
  " Don't be a baby. One of these days I will take you jogging in that
outfit."
  "Oh no Joe. Please. I could bleed to death."
  " Get real. The points are only about a quarter inch long. They will
just scratch you a little."
  " The last item was a velvet jewelry box with two gold large rings and
six smaller ones with tags on them carrying his initials."
  " Oh those are pretty ear-rings, But why so many?"
  " They aren't ear-rings. The big ones go in your nipples and the
smaller ones go in the lips of your pussy. I watched some movies down
there, a lot of girls were wearing them. It is a hot item."
  " Gee I don't know. I hated having my ears pierced. It must really hurt
to do nipples."
  " I didn't expect you to go for them right away. You keep them and when
You feel you love me enough to carry my name. You can ask me to put them
on you."
  "Joe! You know I love you. You can put them on now if you want. I am
sorry I did not appreciate them."
  " No we'll wait. I want to know you want to wear them with no
possibility I am forcing you into it. Meanwhile let's test out some
whips. Kneel in front of me with your hands on your head."
  As usual there was a delay as he would have me move closer or further
away so the ends of the whip would land just where he wanted from where
he sat on the couch. Then he would have me get into the proper posture to
get my tits pushed out as far and high as possible. I think he knew the
anticipation of being struck acted as foreplay for me.
  When he had me just right he took the whips out and gave me two or
three light swats across my tits or stomach with each one.Since he never
hit very hard and there were delays between each whip I felt very
frustrated as I just stayed very excited but still away from climax.
  Just as he finished testing the last whip and I was straining every
muscle to reach out for more I heard a car coming up the gravel road to
the cabin. 
  I was afraid it was his folks and jumped up to run into a bedroom to
dress when he stopped me by grabbing my leash.
  " Just stay there. It is just the guys. I want to show them how well
you have learned to obey."
  I stood there on my knees scared to death. Just as I feared he wasn't
satisfied simply to humiliate me by getting naked and letting them fondle
me. Now he was going to let them watch my punishment and maybe even
letting them do it. I knew it may be severe just to prove my love and
courage.  As he opened the door. I could hear car doors opening through
the open front door and started to get up. Roy noticed and yelled
"Freeze!" I got back into position as I heard him say,
   " Hi Guys. Come on in."
  Now I became even more scared. It was all I could do to stay where I
was. Then David walked through the door carrying a case of beer, Then
Bart with another case and finally Jim carrying a coil of rope. David
said,
  " Hey dude. Sorry we are late. We had a little trouble finding a bum to
get us the beer."
  I knew what he was talking about. None of my friends were twenty-one
although they all drank. It was easy to get, they would just find a bum
and offer him a bottle of wine if he would buy them some booze.
  David came over to me where I was remaining as told, on my knees with
my hands on my head. He slapped me lightly on my boobs saying,
  " Hey Julie. How are you doin? You are looking great!"
  The other two came over and slapped my tits or butt in greeting. I was
disappointed since I was looking forward to having Roy all to myself
after what seemed like a long absence and said plaintively,
  " Roy this isn't fair. You should have warned me they were coming. They
scared me to death driving in and I wanted you to myself."
  " Get this straight Julie. You said you would do anything I want. Since
you will do anything I want I don't need to confer with you over what is
going to happen. Jim, why don't you get the beer in the fridge and bring
us some while we decide on the entertainment."
  " Why in hell should I do it. We have a topless barmaid right here."
  I could hear them talking while I unloaded the cases into the fridge
but could only catch a few words. When I finished I asked if I could have
one as my mouth was getting dry with anticipation and a bit of fear. Roy
answered,
  " Sure Babe. Put it in glasses, we are a class act. And oh yeah, bring
them out one at a time we like to watch you walk."
  When I came out carrying the first glass the other boys whistled as I
let my hips sway. Roy wasn't satisfied.
  " That isn't a very sexy walk. Try these." 
  He reached into the box and brought out a pair of pump shoes with the
highest heels I had ever seen. They must have been five or six inches
long. When I took my first steps in them it was almost like walking on
stilts. I found I had to concentrate on keeping my ankles straight and
take small steps. The boys must have liked the way they made my ass
wobble as they applauded while I made my way back to the kitchen. I could
see my reflection in the black glass and had to admit they made my legs
look good by accentuating the curves of my lower leg, I also noticed I
was standing straighter with my tummy in and chest out as I maintained my
balance. On the way back they cheered and I saw my tits were shuddering
with every step. By the time I was bringing my beer in I had gained some
confidence and accentuated the sway of my hips and stepped down hard to
make my tits shake even more. When I kneeled in front of Roy I felt
really beautiful from all the comments and obvious admiration. Roy
grinned at me and said,
  " Guys, since you were late you missed the chance to see Julie test
some whips I brought back from Frisco. Which one did you like the best
Julie?"
  I thought for a minute. I decided I may have to take a lot of strokes
and decided on the one that would mark the least.
  " If it's okay I think I would like one of the ones with thongs on them
as they spread out over more skin. I am afraid some other ones with just
one strand might cut me."
  He reached into the box and pulled out another whip.It had nine thongs
about the size of round leather boot-strings cut in varying lengths from
two to three feet. There were knots tied on the ends and randomly through
their length.The thongs were so small I thought it would be easiest of
all.
  " If you like thongs this has a bunch."
  " Yes that one would be okay I guess."
  " No guessing damnit! If this is alright tell us you want us to whip
you with it."
  I wasn't sure I wanted them all to whip me or not. He had given me no
clue as to how many times I would be hit but I replied,
  " I want you...all of you,to whip me with that whip."
  They gasped then said." Yeah all right! Is she something or what! Far
fucking out! 
  I felt proud of the appreciation but was still scared and said
hesitantly to Roy, "How many do I have to take?"
  " We will worry bout that later. First I want to show you some bondage
I learned about.
  They put the cuffs on my wrist and ankles then had me put my hands
behind my back and bent me back to hook my wrists to my ankles. I knelt
there with my legs spread and my heels digging into my ass. They arranged
me facing them as they sat on the couch drinking beer, occasionally
giving me a sip.
  They got bored with that so they threw a rope over the ceiling beam,
tied it around my waist with a slip knot then brought out two barbells
that were tied to my cuffs and lifted me in the air so my body bent back
in the form of an upside down letter "U". Even though I was good at back
bends this was terrible my body weight plus the barbells tightened the
rope around my waist until I must have looked like a wasp and my back
began hurting right away. In seconds I begged, "Please let me down! My
back is breaking and I can't breathe. I'll do anything if you let me
down."
  "Really? Anything?"
  "Yes! Anything! Just let me down!
  "Which whip I bought do you think was the worst?"
  That was easy. One was much worse. I whimpered "The riding quirt with
the lead ball on the end. It dug in awful!"
  "Good. I thought it was the worst too. Ask us to please give you two
lashes on each butt cheek, two on each breast and two to each pussy lip
while you stand with your legs spread wide. We won't hit you with it we
will just pull it back and let it snap against you."
  That didn't sound too bad at least not as bad as a full swing from
these strong boys. "Oh God that sounds terrible but anything is better
than this."
  They let me down and had me pose with my legs wide apart and my arms
crossed over my head standing sideways to a mirror so I would see it hit.
  "Roy said to them, "Pay attention. I saw this in a porn movie. It
should make her squeal."
  He slid the quirt down my leg until the ball was touching the center of
my left butt cheek then pulled the ball back until his hands were
touching. It obviously must have had spring steel under the leather.Then
he said, "When you are ready say One."
  That meant I would be asking for all twelve which seemed even worse. I
braced myself trembling with fear and then said "One."
  The ball was just a blur then there was a terrible pain that felt like
the ball had torn into my skin. I screamed and couldn't resist taking my
hands off my head to rub the large round spot that looked as if I had
been burned."
  Roy said, If you take your hands off your head again we will start
over. Now put them back up."
  I whimpered and put them back up while he pressed the handle into my
pussy lining the ball up directly on my nipple.
  "No! Noo! Please not there!"
  "Would you rather be hung up again so we can hit as hard as we can?"
  "No! That would kill me!"
  "Then say 'Please hit my nipple."
  "Oh shit! Please hit my nipple."
  He let my fear build up as he slowly bent back the quirt then looked at
me as his hands touched. I moaned "Two" and then there was the blur and
blinding pain. I managed to keep my hands on my head but brought down my
elbows to protect my burning nipple.
  Roy said, "No more of that either. I told the boys you were brave. Now
prove it!"
  I sobbed and brought my arms back up and was pleased to hear Jim say in
an awed voice, "God, she is wonderful. I would never have guessed she
could be so brave."
  Roy knelt to hold the quirt against my leg. He rubbed the lead ball up
and down my open slit and stopped with it on my clit. I moaned, "Oh no.
Please!"
  He grinned and said, "I am not that mean." and moved it to my right
lip. I gasped, "Thank you." David made me proud by saying, "Jesus. She is
grateful even though her pussy is still going to be hit. She is unreal!"
  When the quirt was bent back I took a deep breath then said, "Three."
  The pain was terrible but to my surprise not nearly as bad as my nipple
and only had to gasp keeping my arms up.
  Then it was Bart's turn for his three. He did it differently. He hit my
butt then my pussy lip which raised my excitement level up to when My
other nipple was hit I was able to take it with just a sharp intake of
breath and a sob.
  Roy said, "She is getting excited now. She will be able to take them
better. Look at the juice in her pussy!"
  He was right! I was panting with excitement and actually looking
forward to Jim's turn.
  Jim lined up the ball to my inner thigh with the end touching the
bottom of my pussy lip. As soon as it was bent back I gasped, "Six."
  The pain was terrible and brought me to that terrible feeling just
before orgasm. I began moaning "Seven, Seven" while he was still lining
it up with my pussy.
  The pain and orgasm made me squeal and when he aimed at my nipple I
moved slightly to make the ball dead center on it and began gasping
"Eight, Eight, Eight!"
  My knees were shaking when David knelt in front of me and said, "You
deserve a reward. Hitting your pussy seems to hurt you the least. I will
put all three of mine there if you want."
I hissed through clenched teeth. "Yes. Yes!"
The tenth and eleventh landed at the inside edges of my lips glancing
into my sopping slit. When he lined up for the last to my left lip saying
"It is almost over baby. This is the last one."I shifted my hips to put
the ball right on my clit.
  He was amazed! "You have to be kidding. You want it there?"
  I was too excited to talk. I just nodded my head with tears streaming
down my face.
  The pain was indescribable as it caromed off my clit to rip through my
slit and graze my ass hole. I collapsed to the floor as I heard Roy say
fuzzingly "God you are fantastic! and began licking my throbbing clit.
Then David and Bart began sucking and nibbling on my nipples to keep my
orgasms tearing through my body. Jim knelt by my head and I grabbed his
dick and sucked on it greedily until he could cum no more and it softened
to slip out of my mouth.
  Jim got beers and I sucked mine down thirstily while they caressed my
body. After another I began to calm down and said, "Oh God. Thank you.
Thank you all! I have never cum so hard or so many times before in my
life."
  Roy said, "That's great baby but you and Jim were the only ones that
came. When you are rested you will have to get me and David and Bart
off."
  While I rested I suddenly remembered going to the bathroom at school
where two girls were giggling as they read a book. I asked them what they
were reading and Ann said, I found this porno book in my brother's room.
It is unreal what this girl does." She gave me the book marking a
paragraph where the author was describing a girl being fucked in the ass
and pussy by two men while she sucked a third.
  I said, "I can get all of you off at once." I told them about the book
and they thought that would be great. They cut cards to see which oriface
they would fill.
  At Bart's suggestion I licked and sucked on his dick to make it slick
to go up my ass. Roy buried his dick in my still wet pussy then Bart
began forcing his dick into my tiny asshole. It hurt at first then I
relaxed my sphincter muscles and it slid in and felt good. As they rocked
me back and forth to have the glorious feeling David turned my head to
push his dick in my mouth as Roy pinched my nipples. Every sexy part of
my body was being stimulated to make me cum before first David then Bart
then Roy came and softened. 
  We were all exhausted and sat on the floor drinking more beer until Roy
said, "You have had a big day. I think you have earned a reprieve from
the whipping with the knotted thongs."
  I knew I should have been grateful but their constant caresses had made
me horny again and I said, "That would not be fair to you. The main
reason you brought me here was for that whipping and it will not seem bad
after that awful quirt."
  Bart said, "No shit! You can take more? That is wonderful. Roy
described what he had planned and I thought I was going to cum in my
pants."
  David and Jim were also excited by the prospect and said if I would
agree to that they would eat me as long as I wanted them.
  Roy said, "Okay. It is your decision. Just remember I gave you a chance
to back out."
  They decided to try different positions for my whipping and bent me
backward over the sawhorse and tied my arms and legs to the feet of the
sawhorse. The two by four really cut into my ass but when I tried to hold
it off I found my legs would cramp in a short time. By the time they had
finished their beers I had given up and was just letting all my weight
sit on that sharp board.
  They continued to bind me in all kinds of uncomfortable poses. On each
one they would discuss whether or not that position was best for my
whipping.
  The worst was saved for last. They pulled out my legs to the sides till
I was doing the splits with my pussy touching the rug. Then wrapped rope
around my torso as low as they could on my stomach to the bottom of my
tits. They wrapped it so tight I could only breathe in short pants. To
complete the picture they wrapped the base of my tits in sash-cord till
they were hard as rocks, throbbing, and turning blue. I prayed to God
that they wouldn't whip me in that position. I was relieved to hear,
  " That wouldn't be any good. Too much of her skin is hidden from the
whip."
  In spite of, or maybe because of the pain to my legs, hips, and tits
and the fact I couldn't breathe I felt myself getting excited to near
orgasm. I couldn't get enough breath to support a full orgasm and began
to feel faint and started to wobble. Roy noticed I was in distress about
the same time as the other guys and jumped up to release me. It felt so
wonderful to take deep breaths I hugged and kissed all of them in
gratitude.
  They let me sit down on the couch between them and gave me a glass of
beer which I swallowed greedily.They gave me another and another. I felt
a little high and giggled. Roy looked at me funny and said,
  " You need a little snack with all that beer." 
  Then he stood up and pulled his pants and shorts down to his ankles and
sat on the edge of his seat. I knew what he expected and kneeled in front
of him to suck his dick. Then Roy said,
  " I don't want you guys to feel left out. One of you fuck her dog-
fashion while she is going down on me."
  David was first to get behind me. It was glorious and I wanted it to
last so I slowly gyrated my ass and mostly used my tongue on Roy's tool.
Roy was in a hurry and panted
  " She isn't working hard enough. Get on either side of her and whip her
tits!"
  I don't know which whip they were using and didn't care. I only knew
they were flexible enough for the end to curve around my hanging breasts
so I felt it from the cleavage to my arm-pits. This worked for all of us,
in a few moments Joe was spurting cum in my mouth while David was
grunting and spanking my ass with the front of his hips. I was
disappointed when they pulled their dicks away but in seconds I was
facing Burt's thick rock-hard prick as I felt Jim's drive into my cunt. I
was just getting into the feeling of new penis's when the whips started
up again and I began to climax. When they were spent I just rolled over
onto the rug sweating, panting, and convulsing.
  When we had rested I went in and got everyone more beers and sat on the
couch between them to drink my beer as they played with my breasts and
cunt. Roy then piped up with,
  We have some decisions to make. We have to decide how many lashes to
give Julie, where she should get them on her body, the best way to
position her, and who is going to pay for the beer. I think I have the
solution to all of them. We will draw cards out of the deck. Low card
will give the value of the card to her cunt, next higher to her inner
thighs close to her pussy, next card to her tits and highest to her ass.
High card buys the beer and gets to be first. I want to position her the
same way I saw in a movie as it will give easy access to her whole body.
  They all agreed and it excited the hell out of me especially the lashes
that would be coming to my pussy and inner thighs My only concern was
that the low card may be only a two or a three. Joe told me to bring a
deck of cards over from the bookshelf. When I got there I saw there were
both poker cards and a pinochle deck. I had played pinochle with my folks
so I knew the lowest card was a nine. With little hesitation I took the
pinochle cards out of the box and brought it back to them swinging my
hips and bouncing my tits with those long heels. 
  I shuffled the deck and fanned them out so each could pick a card. When
they all had one they turned them over. Roy got a nine which made me
happy as he knew just how to whip my cunt. David got a jack, Burt got a
queen, and Jim drew an ace. Jim said,
  " There is no question I am stuck for the beer. How much is an ace
worth." Roy answered,
  " Well a jack would be eleven, Queen twelve, king thirteen, so an ace
is fourteen."
  I was not a math genius but I could add those numbers in my head to
come up with the fact I was going to get forty-six lashes. I was
wondering if I could take that many. These guys were all athletes and
strong. If they got carried away and hit as hard as they could I doubted
I could overcome the pain enough to cum. If this was not enough to worry
about Roy added to it.
  " Julie is real proud of being brave. If she screams she will take five
more on the place that caused the scream. Won't you, Julie."
  God that scared me! I managed to gulp and nod my head.
  Joe had them place me in the center of the room then they threw ropes
over beams about six feet away from me to the sides. 
they tied the ropes to my wrist cuffs then pulled them through rings on
the wall and tightened them so my arms were pulled out at about a forty-
five degree angle. Joe told me to let them know if it hurt. When I told
them, "It hurts," they still pulled down a couple of more inches and my
arms were about to be pulled from their sockets. Then they tied more
ropes to my ankle cuffs and spread my legs apart till the tendons in my
inner thighs stood out in bold relief. This put more pressure on my arms
so I was in quite a bit of pain before the whipping even started. I was
in a hurry to get it over with so I could get down but they weren't. They
opened more beer and sipped on it as they felt and inspected my body.
Burt had a good time kneading my breast and pinching my nipples as he
became familiar with his target. Then he stepped back to say,
  " Jesus you have really got a great target Roy. Look. Her pussy is
spread so wide I can put in my finger without touching her outer lips."
  That really scared me as I realized my clit must be totally
unprotected. Roy didn't help as he looked at it and grinned.
  Jim finally drank the last of his beer and stepped up to my side. He
took his time as he forehanded five across both cheeks with a slow pace
while I found out that  the whip was not nearly as gentle as I
thought.The combination of those stiff skinny lashes and the knots set my
ass on fire. Then he stopped and walked to the other side where he
backhanded five more harder and a little faster. By then my ass and upper
thighs were burning as I moaned and gasped. He stopped again and I waited
for him to change sides again. He fooled me by stepping behind me and
bringing the whip up where one or more lashes went into the open crack of
my ass to connect with my asshole and pussy. I screamed at each lash and
went into orgasm with my body pulsating and my upper body became wet with
sweat from my exertions. Joe said, " I guess we better give her a little
break."
  I moaned, " No please, no. Just get it over with."
  They ignored me and got more beer while they watched me squirming in my
bondage until I was breathing almost normally with my body covered with
sweat and stinging and burning sensations coming from my ass and pussy.
  Now it was Burt's turn. He stepped up and held the whip by the handle
and the ends to slide the knots back and forth against my nipples until I
became excited again.
  Burt had a great time whipping my tits as he hit them up, down and
sideways to keep them in constant motion on my chest. At least he did not
hit really hard but now my tits joined my ass with stinging, burning, and
an additional factor of swelling. he went too fast and I was in that
terrible moment just before you come. I almost yelled at him to get out
of the way as he said,
  " She got off on that. Her nipples look like little hard-ons
Those knots are something else. She is going to look like she has
chicken-pox when we are done."
  David put his first one about half way up my right thigh then carefully
moved up toward my pussy covering every inch of my inner thigh as the
fire rose to my cunt. the fifth lash just grazed the bottom of my cunt-
lips and I pushed out for the next one to my pussy. I moaned and strained
my pussy out when he started on my left thigh bringing the fire closer
and closer to my pussy. Finally on the last lash he hit the full face of
my cunt and I went over into an even more glorious climax. Roy grabbed
the whip to keep me in orgasm. 
  He started out easy with upper-cuts to my pussy but they got harder
with each one and the last two were terrible as knots hit directly on my
clit. I screamed and fainted. 
  The next thing I knew I was lying on my side on the floor as they
rubbed salve on my pussy, boobs, and butt. That salve was fantastic. The
stinging was almost gone, only the heat was left.
  I was curious to see the carnage to my body so I went into the bedroom
to look in the mirror, there were hundreds of maroon polka dots on the
red skin. It was obvious they would be with me for some time when they
turned black and blue.
When I returned Roy handed me a half glass of whiskey he had taken from
his dad's bar while saying,
  " I don't think a beer is quite strong enough after that. How do you
feel? Are you hating us?
  " I could never hate you Roy. I love you. I did it for you. I am sorry
I screamed. I really tried to be brave but it just got too bad.
  " I love you too darling. You were very brave we are all proud of you."
  Burt and the others agreed as he went on.
  " Roy is a lucky guy. I wish Meggan loved me enough to be my slave like
you."
  Jim joined in, " Yeah. Terry has pissed me off so bad I wanted to whip
her but I love her too much to take a chance on losing her."
  David said, " Come to think of it Jan has told me a couple of time I
should punish her when she fucks up. Maybe she was serious about it"
  I replied, " You guys don't give yourselves enough credit. I know them.
They all complain about wimpy men. Burt you have a great opportunity.
Meggan has a birthday next week. Tell her you want to give her a birthday
spanking. David, Jan has told me that she hates feeling guilty and wishes
you would punish her when she is bad. Jim, Terry is my best friend. I
told her Roy punishes me when he feels I need it. She told me that she
thought that would be thrilling but she was afraid to discuss it with you
since she had asked you to punish her and you backed off. I know she
pissed you off friday when she stood you up to go to the slumber party.
Just tell her you have thought about it and agree she needs punishment. 
  They all looked doubtful but they said they would give it a try as they
walked out the door to go back to town.
  Now I had Joe to myself and I went over to lick and suck on his dick as
he said,
  " I really am a lucky guy to find you. You are so brave and beautiful.
I'll bet there isn't anyone as wonderful as you on the earth. You
wouldn't believe how pumped up I get from the envy of all my friends."
  Now I knew for sure the pain was worth it. By now he was hard so we
made love till it was time to go home.
  The next week was really fun as I got to hear the stories of both the
boys and the girls as they described their encounters.
  David was first, he met with Jan the next night and told her that she
was really a bitch to stand him up after he had made reservations at the
best restaurant in town and had put a deposit on a limo to get there that
was non-refundable. She agreed she was a bitch and told him she was a
naughty girl that needed an old fashioned switching. Then she went into
the garage and got a hatchet and cut a switch off their willow tree as
long as she was tall. She handed it to him saying, " We can't do it
here." and went back in the garage to bring out some rope and a lantern.
He told me it was all he could do to keep his car on the road on the way
to the woods while he watched her peel the leaves and bark off that
switch. At the woods they walked deep into them as his dick felt like it
was going to tear out of his clothes. She finally picked a spot and put
the lantern on a stump and threw the rope over a limb saying she needed
to be tied because she did not want to look like a fool running around
while he switched her. She took off her clothes and held out her hands,
wrists together, for him to tie her and pull her up tight. He started out
switching her butt and upper thighs then she turned around and had him
whip the front. When he couldn't stand it any longer he untied her and
they made love. For the first time he was sure she came and he knew all
the times before she had faked it.
  " God Julie. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I would never have had
the guts to try this without your help. She said I could punish her any
time I thought she needs it."
  Jan's version was essentially the same except he was more whiny than
forceful when he complained about standing her up and when she turned to
face him for the switching she had to tell him to continue.
  " Julie. I don't think he will be wimpy anymore. He was really pumped
when he took me home. I really made him feel good when I told him he was
a terrific lover. Actually he was! This was the first time it was not
wham bam thank you mam with his dick going soft for several minutes. His
hard-on stayed with him until he had come twice and my orgasms had worn
me out."
  Jim and Terry  approached it differently. They got in an argument over
how many points Jim had made in a basketball game. They ended up with a
bet with the loser getting a spanking. Jim thought she had lost on
purpose. I was not so sure. In any event Jim told her to meet him at the
gym that night. He had a key to the locker room and he could prove it
with the coaches record book. She met him at the deserted school and he
proved he was right. She apologized saying she just thought he was
bragging again. That made him mad and he said,
  " What do you mean bragging again. I never brag about sports. Get over
my knee you are really going to get it."
  She told him that was too childish and to wait there while she got
something. She was gone so long he began to think she had left but just
as he was walking to the door to check on her she came back in carrying a
thonged whip. She handed the whip to him saying,
  " You scored twenty-four just like you said so I guess I have twenty-
four swats coming to me. Please don't put them all on my butt. It will
get too sore."
  He could not believe his good fortune, He had only planned on ten or
fifteen hand spanks to her butt and would not have insisted that it be
naked. It got even better as she decided she wanted to hang from a
trapeze for the whipping. He just hit her hard enough to turn the skin
red concentrating on the front of her body. Naturally they had great sex
after it was over.
  I could hardly wait to see Terry to ask her if she had lost on purpose.
  " Hell no. I thought I had a lock. I keep all his newspaper clippings.
They only gave him credit for twenty. I planned to bring his cute little
round butt to a fiery red. Since I lost I thought I might as well make it
as sexy as possible. He didn't hit all that hard and the sex after was
terrific. We will be making a lot of bets from now on. I don't care if I
win or lose. At least if I win he won't be able to back down."
  Burt came over to me the next day grinning from ear to ear.
  " Julie! I love you! After she opened her presents we went over to my
house since I had it all to myself. We were sitting on our couch drinking
some wine when I told her I should give her a birthday spanking. She
agreed! Not only that, as I reached for her to pull her over my lap she
squirmed out and stood in front of me and took off all her clothes. While
I sat there with my mouth open in surprise she reached over and unbuckled
my belt and handed it to me then laid over my lap. I gave her ten swats
on her butt and her only reaction was pushing down her stomach on my blue
steel hard-on so I then said, 'Let's see. You are bout thirty years old
now aren't you.' to my surprise she told me that since I didn't get to
give her spanks for her last couple of birthdays she had about forty some
coming. I began to lay them on a little harder and when she opened her
legs I hit as close as I could to her snatch. After a couple of those she
rolled over on her back. I thought that meant she didn't want any more
and stopped. She looked at me all excited while she mauled her tits and
said, 'No don't stop. I need it.' I reddened her up from her tits to her
crotch. Toward the end she put her foot on the floor so I had easy access
to her pussy. The sex after was fan-fucking tastic. Then she went down on
me to get me hard for a second session. On the way home she told me to
look for different things to whip her with. God. Who knew I would get
this lucky."
  Naturally since we now all knew we were into S&M we began to hang with
each other exclusively and kept looking for private places we could meet.
  Terry was really into gambling as it gave her a chance to be the
whipper. We would all get a stack of twenty different colored chips. As
soon as four of us lost all our chips the winners would give lashes to
the losers depending on how many of each color they had. It worked out
good as nobody had to take more than twenty so nobody could get really
hurt. Well actually, sometimes Meggan and I would get more than twenty
because Joe and Burt hated to be whipped so we would volunteer to take
some or all of their lashes. Jim didn't seem to mind getting them he
always had a hard-on when they were through whipping him.
  One night we went to the cabin ostensibly as a favor to Joe's dad to
clean it up after a party his dad had thrown. It must have been some
party, There were booze bottles all over the place, somebody had puked in
the bathtub and all three bedrooms had condoms strewn around the floor.
Joe's dad was a good guy and had told us to help ourselves to the booze
if anything was left. We found a bottle of whiskey and a bottle of vodka
and was about to sit down for the game when we discovered that there were
no cards. We sat around the table to decide what we could do instead when
Terry piped up.
  " I'll tell you what. Only a girl knows how to give another girl a good
whipping. Why don't I give you a demonstration on Julie?"
  I knew what had brought this on. Joe and I had been winners the last
few sessions and Terry had lost. I had given Terry sixteen out of her
twenty on the last session with most of them going to her pussy and ass-
hole.
  I was about to suggest we match coins to see who would be the one being
whipped when Joe spoke,
  " Yeah. That could be a real educational thrill. I will agree to it if
you will wear Julie's leather bikini."
  I had been leery of that thing myself and had hoped Joe had forgotten
about it. In fairness I said,
  "Terry. Maybe you should take a look at it before you commit yourself."
  Joe held it up so the tacks could not be seen saying,
  " Here it is. Your common everyday leather bikini."
  Everybody laughed at that but Terry must have smelled a rat as she went
over and took it out of his hands. With one look she said,
  " My god. This is a real torture device. This thing will stick me with
every move."
  We watched her avidly as she turned it over and inside out. Finally she
lifted her skirt and pushed the crotch part into her thigh. She gasped in
pain but kept turning it in her hands till she finally said,
  " The hell with it. If I don't whip somebody I will die. I'll do it."
  Once decided they took off my clothes and Joe had them tie me in his
favorite position stretched out from the beams and walls in an "X" shape.
Terry started to leave to put on the bikini but Joe stopped her.
  " No. No. Put it on here. This might be fun to watch."
  Terry stripped and put on the bottom first. One of the tacks must have
hit near or on her clit because she squealed and spent some time
adjusting it before picking up the bra. When Jim hooked it at the back
for her she squealed again and tried to adjust it. I had spent a lot of
time looking at that thing. No matter what you did one or two tacks would
be pushing against each nipple. She finally gave up and leaned over to
pick up the whip. This caused her breasts to change position and she let
out a gasp as sweat popped out on her forehead. Then Joe handed her the
spike heel shoes. She leaned against Jim as Burt forced them on her feet.
I knew they were about a size too small for her. When they were on she
started wobbling over to me wincing at each step. The audience watched
with fascination as the crotch moved with each step and her tits jiggled
in the bra.
  On her first lash to my belly I am not sure who got hurt the worst. As
she swung her legs opened and closed which would move her pussy against
the tacks and her tits jumped violently in the bra.
  From then on we would both scream or moan with each lash. I think she
freaked out as the whipping seemed to go on forever. I couldn't come
anymore so it became pure pain. Joe finally grabbed her arm and pulled
her away from me.
  When they took off the bikini blood ran down her stomach and thighs.
The girls rushed her into the bathroom to clean her up and check her out.
They told me later she continued having mindless orgasms all through the
clean-up process.
  I was relieved to find I was not badly hurt. It turned out the lashes
weren't that hard, there had just been a lot of them. Joe thought about
fifty. Joe and Burt put salve on me and after a couple of shots of
whiskey I was nearly normal except for the heat. Sweat continued to roll
down my body as they led Terry back in.
  Everyone was relieved to see that except for hundreds of tiny punctures
and scratches she was all right.
  " Thanks for stopping me Joe. I was freaking out. If you hadn't stopped
me Julie and I would be hamburger."
  After a couple of shots of whiskey she said,
  " Hey Jan and Meg! Julie and I saved you guys from a whipping. The
least you can do is go down on us."
  I knew Jan hated this as she did not want anyone to think she was
anyway close to being homosexual. Eventually with the boys cheering the
idea and saying,
  " We did not learn anything about whipping. Maybe we can learn how to
do a good job of eating pussy." Jan came over and got between my legs and
pulled my ass out to the edge of the seat, spread the lips of my pussy
and began to roll her tongue around my clit. I was in heaven especially
with Roy and David sucking and biting my nipples. Eventually they got too
horny and David left to fuck Jan dog fashion while Roy pulled my mouth
down onto his inflexible dong. I began to cum in earnest as Jan's mouth
was forced into my pussy with David's lunges.
  Then disaster struck. Joe and the guys celebrated winning the state
basketball championship by getting roaring drunk and running head-on into
an eighteen wheeler gas truck. Joe, Burt, Jim,and David were killed along
with the truck driver. They were burned so badly the remains were
cremated so I never got to see him again. I was devastated by grief and
guilt for not going with him so I could have driven his car while they
drank. To top everything off I aborted his child, evidentally from the
trauma. I did not even know I was pregnant but this just added to the
guilt. To make matters worse  I couldn't face Terry and the other girls
as they just reminded me of my loss and added to my guilt. I felt I had
killed their lovers as well as my own.
  A month later I was able to function again but my guilt became all-
consuming. That friday I was called into Mr. Rogers office.
  He told me that he realized I had been through an ordeal but the fact
remained that I was flunking all my courses. He suggested I drop out for
the rest of the year so I would receive incompletes instead of "F"s and
perhaps get psychiatric help.
  It suddenly dawned on me exactly what I needed. I was guilty so I must
be punished. Not the kind of punishment I could get off on. Pure painful
punishment to relieve my guilt. Since what they did to me was considered
by them to be rather light punishment I was sure they could meet my
needs. I raised my head to look into his eyes and said forcefully,
  "No. You said I could earn grades with punishment. I want to earn all
"A"s.
  " I think that would be impossible. Let me pull up your records."
  He then punched some keys on his computer and then made some
calculations.
  " Just as I thought. You would need 1,360 points to earn all "A"s. No-
one could stand that much. However if you are serious I can tell your
parents I can assign you to a special tutoring class where you live in
and go to classes and study twelve hours per day because at best it would
take three weeks to absorb that much punishment and recover from it. I
don't recommend it but if you decide to do it I will give you this list
of punishments and their point value. Don't let anyone see this list and
bring it back tomorrow. Remember you can always settle for a " C"
average."
  " No I am going for the "A" if it kills me."
  " Well we will certainly not kill you but if you are serious about the
"A" you may wish you were dead."
  I waited till I was alone in my room to look at his list. Maybe Miss
Hauser was a Nazi butch dike. I couldn't imagine the sick mind that could
come up with these tortures. It was easy to tell the most painful, at
least in their opinion, by the point values. With a little calculation
eliminating anything that might bring me some pleasure I began to think
an "A" was out of sight. The more I thought about it the more I became
convinced that if I was going to atone for killing Joe I had to go
through with it. I spent hours going through the following list to come
up with the necessary points for my "A".



                               POINT LIST

INSTRUMENT                      AREA            POINT VALUE

Lashes with thong whip               back area           1 
  chest                                                  2 
  groin                                                  3 

Paddle                               buttocks            2
  chest                                                  4

cat o nine tails                     buttocks            4
  chest                                                  6
  groin                                                  8

barbed wire                          buttocks            6
  chest                                                  10
  groin                                                  12

Electric whip                        buttocks            10
  chest                                                  12
  groin                                                  15

Suspended solely by breasts                              15
lashes while suspended               double normal points

hooks inserted                       12 minimum          20

suspended by hooks                                       30

Lashes while suspended               double normal value

cigarette burns                      nipples             10

two burns to same place              vaginal lips        10
triple value.                        clitoris            20

lashes to burned areas
triple point value

candle in vagina                                         80

  
If you have a question call 248-3200

  I had questions. I looked up  cat o nine tails in the encyclopedia. It
looked like a larger version of the whip the guys had used to polka dot
my body. If it was worse than that it was a likely candidate as I could
barely stand the pain of the little one. there were no listings for the
other things I did not know about. Mr. Rogers answered the phone and I
told him I was going over the list and some things I didn't understand.
What was an electric whip, How could I be suspended by my breasts, what
are hooks, and why was a candle in my vagina so bad?
  " The electric whip is my own invention. I hooked two lengths of barbed
wire to a cattle prod. You get a lash and a shock at the same time.
  You are suspended by your breasts by tightening ropes around the base
of each breast and then raised into the air. The breasts become 
distended, quite hard and very sensitive to lashes. Incredible as it may
sound Miss Hauser seems to enjoy it."
  " I  can hardly believe it is possible since Miss Hauser has such small
breasts."
  He laughed " Miss hauser has quite large breasts. She binds them with
elastic bandage during school hours. She says that makes them very
sensitive by the end of the day. But on to your questions. The hooks are
regular deep sea fishing hooks. You will be happy to know I have ground
off the barbs. If you haven't seen one they are a little bigger than a
pencil lead."
  " How could I be suspended by them? Wouldn't they just rip out of my
skin?"
  " Oh no. That is why there is a minimum of twelve. You only weigh about
a hundred pounds so each hook only has to support about eight or nine
pounds. As an experiment we applied pressure slowly to two hooks placed
in Miss Hausers vagina lips. They stretched the skin several inches but
the skin did not start to tear until there was forty pounds of pressure
to each one. All but her head and feet left the ground.       
  In answer to your last question a drippy christmas candle is placed in
your vagina while you are hung upside down. Not all the wax will hit your
vagina at first. Some will land on your stomach and under your breasts.
Later your anus and inner and outer vaginal lips will be covered. The
candle goes out either from moisture from your vagina or when it is low
enough for your lips to cover it and smother the flame. This is something
normally saved for last as your vagina will be much too sensitive  to be
used for anything further for a few days."
  With this information I could go back to studying the list.
I decided to eliminate the thong whip since I had always been able to get
pleasure from it no matter where or how long I was hit. I was determined
I really had to suffer if I was to make amends.
  I debated over the paddle. I remembered how it had bruised me when Joe
had used it and he probably was not hitting as hard as they would. I
decided that If I decided on it I would have to save it for last. Being
whipped on a black and blue butt might be so bad I would have to chicken-
out. I was sure it would cause permanent damage to my tits.It was
obviously much to wide to get to my crotch.
  That brought me to the "cat". I had been able to get off with Joe's
small "cat" but the picture in the encyclopedia  showed blood on the back
of the man being whipped. I decided this was a possibility especially on
my front. I decided to ask Mr. Rogers if this was an authentic "cat".
  This brought me to the barbed wire. Once I had slipped while climbing
over a barbed wire fence. I had landed straddling the fence and even
though I had the protection of panties this had been very painful. I
decided to make it part of the list.
  The electric whip was beyond my imagination as I had never experienced
a cattle prod but its point value indicated it must really be bad. It was
definitely going to be on the list.
  Next was the suspension by my breasts. I remembered that when the boys
had tied my breasts and then whipped them my senses seemed to explode
with the pain. I shuddered as I imagined being hung from them while being
whipped.
  The hooks did not seem that bad. As I was sitting there I was wearing 
the nipple rings Joe had put on by pushing a darning needle through the
nipples. It had hurt but not excruciatingly bad.He had planned to add the
cunt rings later. Now it was too late. In consideration I decided it
couldn't be any worse than the nipples. Being hung from them  while
whipped probably would make it bad enough to be considered.
  The cigarette burns really scared me. Just getting hit with grease
spatters while frying bacon had really hurt and that had been on my hand.
I was about to reject that all together when I remembered the whole point
was to suffer. The more I suffered the better.
  This brought me to the "candle". The girls and I had used hot wax to
remove the hair from our crotches so this couldn't be bad.I was about to
reject it until I remembered Mr. Rogers saying the candle would be put
out by my pussy. Just the thought of my pussy lips closing over the flame
made me grab my pussy for protection.
  I was up to about 2:00 AM going over different possibilities until I
decided on the final version which would give me the maximum amount of
points in the least time to give me more time to heal before I returned
to my home.

  Suspended by breasts                                    15
ten lashes with barbed wire          breasts             200 
while suspended                      pussy               240
                                     butt                120

insert hooks                                              20
10 lashes electric whip              breasts             240
while suspended                      pussy               300


cigarette burns                      nipples              20
                                    pussy-lips            20
two more to pussy                                         60
                                   clitoris               20
                                     total              1255  

  I decided that if two burns to the lips of my pussy caused scarring it
would not matter as I was letting the hair grow back anyway. It took all
my nerve to add the burn to my clit.
  The next day I went to Mr. Rogers office and stood nervously in front
of him as he slowly went through my list checking point values. He
finally looked up to say,
  " Do you realize that you are a hundred and five points short of your
goal?"
  " Yes Sir. I thought I would decide on them later if that is alright."
  " Perhaps you might wish to leave the remaining points to our
discretion?"
  I thought for a second and then decided they would not go easy on me so
answered,
  " That would be good. I have run out of ideas."
  " I like your attitude. I have to make a lot of preparations for your
absence from home. You will remain with us for three weeks under our
complete control even if you decide not to go through with the penances
you have listed. Do you understand and agree?"
  I realized at that point there would be more to my stay than the
punishments I had agreed to but remained determined and nodded my head.
  " Fine. We will do this during your spring vacation."
   That was three weeks away! I had no idea how I could handle the fear
and anticipation that long. I realized it made sense as they would not
want to leave work for that time.
  The time passed slowly but at least I forgot about my grief as I marked
the time to my atonement for Joe. About a week later Terry came over to
my house. I got her a Coke and we went up to my room to talk. She seemed
very angry.
  " I am so mad at those stupid boys for killing themselves I am shaking.
I was into the best sex in the world. Thanks to them I haven't come for a
month!"
  I was shocked at her attitude but then it occurred to me that we could
satisfy her need to get off and my need for restitution at the same time.
My voice quavered a little as I said,
  " That is strange. You feel angry while I have this terrible guilt. You
could whip me if you want. It may make us both feel better."
  " Oh God. Really! That would be wonderful. Tomorrow is Saturday we
could go up to our cabin. Dad wants me to clean it anyway."
  That night while in bed I realized that I was sleeping nude for the
first time since Joe died and as I idly played with my pussy it was
getting wet. I immediately felt guilty again and curled up in a foetal
position sobbing till I went to sleep.
  When we got to her cabin there was little to clean up. She vacuumed the
rug while I dusted. I noticed that her cabin had open beams and hooks in
the wall like Joe's. She finished and went out to her car reappearing
with the familiar box.
  " David left it with me to hide in my attic. He was afraid his folks
would find it. She started dragging out the ropes and whips. The worst
whip was the little "Cat" so I handed it to her and said,
  " You can use this. It really hurts."
  " Really? How many?"
  " As many as you want wherever you want as long as my clothes will hide
the marks. I expect bruises. It is my fault the boys died. Joe asked me
to go with them but I told him I had to study for a math test. If I had
gone I could have driven the car. I don't want to cum. I just want to
hurt so bad I can get rid of some of my guilt."
  " Fantastic! Get your clothes off while I set up the ropes." I was glad
to see she was setting them up as Joe had liked it with my body spread
eagled so I could be hit everywhere. When she had me hung up she gushed,
  "Oh God Julie. This is wonderful! I am already getting wet. Look at
this!"
  She was just wearing a t-shirt and shorts. She pulled off the t-shirt
to show me her hard nipples then took off her shorts and pushed two
fingers in her pussy so she could show how wet her fingers were.
  Finally she brought the whip across my stomach. My muscles were so
tight it did not knock the wind out of me but I grunted and she looked at
the effect of the whip and at my face. The delay let the sting spread and
I felt excitement. I didn't want that and said, "Harder!" She gave me
another hard one across my new pussy hair. Again she looked at me and
again excitement started to rise. I Whined, "No. Harder and faster!"
  " God! this whip makes a wild effect. Your skin seems to explode
hickeys."
  The look must have inspired her as she went around me laying lashes
over every inch of me from my thighs to my armpits. An amazing thing
happened. I seemed to go numb so now in spite of the fact she was hitting
hard I felt close to orgasm. I yelled" Harder!"
  She ended up standing in front of me with both of us panting with
excitement and sweating from our exertions. I watched her through the
blur of my tear filled eyes as she brought her arm around like a windmill
with the knots distorting my pussy and asshole almost continuously. I was
going insane with the intenseness of the pain and my orgasms as she
dropped to her knees and drove her tongue into my highly sensitive
vagina. I remember beating her face with my thrusting hips when I began
to fade away.
  When I realized where I was I found myself sitting on the floor with my
face resting on her breasts as she wrestled with the knots on the rope to
my wrists.
  She was sobbing and tears were falling on my face. When I moved my head
back she said shakily.
  " I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to hit so hard! Why didn't you scream? I
just went crazy, you seemed to be asking for them."
  " Don't cry I'm okay. I did ask for them."
  " You are not okay! Go look in the mirror."
  She went into the bathroom and got a another mirror off the wall so I
could see my back. I had hundreds of red blossoms all over my torso. The
ones that hit skin close to bones were the worst. She seemed to have got
them all. My ribs, hip bones, and shoulder blades had deep maroon marks
that were oozing blood. She was still sobbing as she lightly touched the
marks. I consoled her.
  " It's all right Terry. I heal easily. Just see if you can find the
salve."
  As she was caressing salve onto some particularly sensitive marks on my
ass, anus and pussy I said,
  " Oooh. I am not looking forward to riding home in that jeep."
  " You don't have to! You need rest. Dad has a CB radio in it. I'll tell
him it is so nice up here we are going to stay overnight and I'll have
him call your folks so they won't worry."
  She hurried back after the call and continued to put on the salve till
again I just had the heat with occasional twinges when I moved. Then she
began to lick my nipples then worked down my chest into my navel and down
until that splendid tongue contacted my bruised and sensitive clitoris
and inner lips. Even though I am intensely heterosexual It felt so
wonderful I was into another sweet orgasm in a short time.
  While we were resting I said,
  " You shouldn't have done that. I am not queer. Anyway you are the
Master. Masters don't do that to slaves. Although,I have to admit I loved
it."
  " Well this Master wanted to do it. Get up and make us a drink slave."
We drank two strong ones and I was feeling pretty good as I went for our
third. It suddenly occurred to me that I had not reached my goal to
really suffer for Roy. I hated my body for letting me cum. I whimpered,
"It didn't work. I only suffered at first. I came over and over. I didn't
pay for killing them!"
  She held me and said consolingly, "God knows you tried! You must have
forgiven yourself otherwise you couldn't have cum."
  "Do you really think so?" 
  "Sure. Your brain knew you had suffered enough and gave you a reward."
  That made me feel better. I began to enjoy her caresses on my tits and
pussy.
  She said, "Oh God. Now I feel guilty. Your tits and pussy have swollen
so much the skin is tight. They must be super sensitive."
  "Oh yes. Just your gentle caresses are sending tingles all through me."
  I realized I was getting excited which brought back guilt so I got up
to get us another drink. 
  While I was getting the drinks she began to dig around in the box. When
I came back she held up the leather bikini.
  " Do you remember this killer. My tits and pussy were sensitive for
days. I used to be able to get off just by squirming in my seat."
  I laughed. " Tell me about it!  Watching you squirm in your seat to get
off is what earned me a trip to the principals office."
  " Oh yeah. I forgot to ask you about that. He must have just yelled at
you. You didn't have to go to detention."
  " Like Hell. Him and Miss Hauser gave me twenty lashes on my nude
body."
  " Jesus that must have been wild! How can they get away with it? That
must be against the law."
  " Not really. I looked it up. It just says students will receive
corporal punishment if warranted. It doesn't say how, with what or how
many times. Just that a woman witness must be present if the student is a
girl."
  " Yeah but naked in front of Rogers and that bull dike?"
  " Well that is catch 22. They give you a choice between this wicked
looking paddle on your clothes, rather on your panties, or on your bare
skin with a thong whip like ours."
  " Yeah I see. I would have chosen the whip too. I would hate to be
whipped by those two. Meggan may like it though."
  She was still turning the bikini around in her hands. She must have
contacted a tack as she jumped.
  " Jesus! Did Roy make you wear this thing for very long periods?"
  I giggled. " You are the only one who ever wore it. It scared me and
Roy never insisted on it."
  " Shit! The only reason I put it on was because I thought if you could
stand it I should be able to do it."
  It suddenly occurred to me that the bikini may give me the pain I
deserved to the areas still tingling from her caresses.
  I gulped and said softly, "Roy was going to have me wear it while I
jogged. I never got to do it for him. I'll make it up to you. I'll wear
it while I eat your pussy until you cum."
  "Jesus. Are you sure you can stand that? It really hurt me and I wasn't
swollen."
  "I have to. I owe it to Joe."
  I stood up and took the bikini from her but when I saw all the sharp
tacks I lost my nerve. I said, "You put it on for me.I don't have the
nerve to tighten it as tight as it should be."
  I held the crotch piece just grazing my red swollen pussy while she
tied the strings around my waist. Then she reached through my legs to get
the thong at the end of the triangle and pulled it tight. I moaned,
"Ahow" as each point dug in.
  Then she handed me the bra which I held as the strings wer tied around
my neck. Then she grabbed the other strings and pulled it tight to tie
around my back as I moaned, "Oh God!" as I felt points digging into my
super sensitive nipples.
  I stood there unmoving as I knew the slightest movement would increase
the pain. It seemed to lessen a bit as Terry got a pillow off the bed to
put on the floor. She sat on it then leaned back to raise and open her
pussy as she spread her legs.
  She said excitedly, "Oh God. I know what you are feeling. Eat me!"
  I gingerly got down on my hands and knees with the slightest movement
driving the points in deep and began to lick her already wet puss. I let
my breast touch the floor to feel exciting pain rush from my nipples
throughout my body as I licked furiously. Then Terry raised her upper
body to grab my breasts to pull me tighter against her. All the points
dug in but that just increased my excitement. I straddled her leg to push
the panty into my pussy. the began pumping to feel a point dig and
retreat from my clit until my orgasms became so strong I began letting
all my weight press into her leg  to grind in all the points.
  I kept it up until we were both screaming in mindless orgasms.
  I rolled over on my back allowing the points to retreat and laid there
panting causing the points to move on my poor boobs. Terry got up to get
us another drink. 
  She came back to say, "Jesus you made me cum hard. I feel bad though
because it made me extra excited to know you were being hurt. Get up and
I'll take it off you."
  "No. It just made me cum. Maybe leaving it on will give me the pain I
deserve."
  My tits and pussy were throbbing in pain that no longer excited me. It
gave me satisfaction.
  We rested while having another drink then Terry said, "I still feel
guilty. Maybe you should whip me."
  "With the Cat?"
  "Oh God. It must hurt awful but I deserve it."
  She got up and went over to spread her legs to buckle on the ankle
cuffs. I appreciated her courage to prepare herself with her legs spread
so far the slit of her pussy opened. She put on the wrist cuffs. Then
stuttered in excitement, "T tighten me."
  I had become used to the tacks but when I got up to pull down on the
rope to tighten her and tie it to the hook on the wall the pain came back
with vengence. The tacks dug into my pussy but one hit my clit sending
shock waves through my body. I grabbed at the crotch and moved it to get
the tack off my clit. Every movement I made hurt as I tied her as I had
been tied. I hated the smirk on her face as she watched me wince at every
move. I could hardly wait to change that expression. I decided I would
just stand in front of her while hitting her rather than move around and
increase my pain. I Hit her the first time just below her belly-button.
My tits jumped with the blow and my pussy moved in the bottom to drive in
the tacks. It was worth it to hear her scream and see the blossoms from
the knots appear on her stomach. At first I would have to stop to adjust
the suit as the tacks dug into my nipples and clit. Later I began to
glory in it and stomped around her to bury the tacks as deep as possible
as I covered her body with "hickeys" as she had mine. Finally my orgasms
got so strong I dropped the whip and laid on my stomach pushing my tits
into the tacks while I squeezed the crotch with my hands until I just
could not come anymore. 
  I was finally able to sit up and take off the top and bottom. I
remembered how Terry had looked so the blood didn't bother me that much
as I knew the damage would not be as bad as it looked. I was idly
spreading the blood around on my stomach and inner thighs when Terry
moaned and reminded me she  was still stretched to the max in the "X"
shape.
  When she was loose I led her to the bedroom so she could inspect her
body. I was proud of her bravery when she said,
  " Wow! Now I guess we are polka dot twins."
  Then she noticed all the blood on me and led me to the bathroom to get
a warm washcloth to take off the blood on my body. Amazingly the blood
had already stopped flowing.
  " Thank God you don't look any worse than I did. It is amazing that
anything that could hurt that bad doesn't cause more carnage."
  We had a couple of stiff shots of whisky and then went over to the
couch to put salve on each others hurts. One thing led to another and we
were soon in the 69 position. After that we continued to drink until we
went to sleep.
  In the morning Terry had a headache and suggested we take a walk in the
fresh air. I spotted a log and it reminded me of my experience with Joe.
  "That log reminds me how I got into S&M. To prove my love I had Joe
spank me while I laid over a log like that. When he was through my pussy
and breasts were full of stickers."
  " That explains how you can get off with that killer bikini. God that
makes me horny. Let's go back."
  She trotted all the way back. She must have been in better shape than
me because I was panting and sweating while she dumped out the contents
of the box. She found the double-dildo and we decided to try it.  We had
the thing buried in us so deep our pussies were hitting but it was not
enough so I picked up a strap about four inches wide. I just meant to hit
my own pussy,but got hers too. She squealed then picked up the quirt and
started hitting mine. This did it as we both got off big time.
  After we rested for a while we agreed that was enough for one session.
By this time it was hot so we just put on our bikinis for the trip back.
Seeing my tits bounce must have given her an idea as she said,
  "Wait a minute I'll be right back."
   She ran back in the cabin and took off behind it with a sack. In about
ten minutes she came back with the sack now full.
  " This will make the trip back more interesting. Hold out your top."
  When I did she compressed and lifted my right breast with one hand
while she reached into the sack with her other and brought out a handful
of cockle-burrs which she dropped into the cup. She did the same with my
other tit then held out the front of my bottom to fill it. she did the
same to herself while I held the material away. I didn't think it was any
big deal. They just kind of itched. She squealed when she jumped into the
seat as her tits bounced and then started down the dirt road. She drove
fast over that rutty road and our tits were bouncing and asses sliding
around in that hard sprung jeep like crazy. We had to stop and take them
out about two miles down the road as I was gasping with orgasms and she
was driving erratically. Even after the burrs were out we could not help
kneading our pussies and tits for the rest of the way home.
  I went to sleep early and slept better than I had for weeks.
  Unfortunately in the morning the guilt came back with a vengeance as I
felt I had betrayed Roy, especially since it was a lesbian sex adventure.
My guilt grew until vacation came. It did not help when my folks said how
glad they were I had gotten hold of myself and volunteered to use my
vacation for extra study, as this was all a lie. They dropped me off at
school to get into Mr. Rogers car. They thanked him for helping me and
understood when he told them they would not be able to visit with me the
next weekend as I would be too busy with my studies.
  My guilt continued to grow as we drove and I counted my faults. I had
killed Joe, betrayed his memory and now I was lying to my folks who had
always been so kind.
  When we got there I was anxious to get started but they said there was
no hurry. First there was the matter of the additional 105 points which
they planned to use to get me ready for the ordeals I had chosen.
  They had me get naked which is how I was to remain for the next two
weeks. Mr. Rogers said,
  " I see by the rings in your nipples that you are no stranger to
piercing. These will come in handy." 
At that he connected my rings together with a chain then hooked a leash
into the center link. He had me sit on a bench then slapped my inner
thigh to get me to spread my legs. I was to have my legs spread all the
time except when I was walking.
  "From now on you will speak only to answer our questions. Any questions
or verbal protests will earn you additional punishment. We will only
speak to you to give you directions when necessary. If you understand nod
your head."
  I gulped and nodded my head  wondering if a scream was a verbal
protest. I decided I would not scream if I could help it.
  To demonstrate the fact that verbal communication would be minimal
instead of telling me to get up he simply jerked on the leash slapping my
tits together and lifting them by the nipples as I pushed myself to my
feet. He led me into a large room with several devices to tie a person
and chains attached to winches on the walls. I was led me to a bar
attached rigidly to the ceiling about waist high. He tied my hands to the
bar while Miss Hauser spread my legs and tied them to rings in the floor.
  " We thought we would break you in, so to speak, with a couple of
devices you did not deem worthy of putting on your list. This position is
interesting as I can use the agitation of your breasts to judge the
strength of Miss Hauser's arm. "
  Then he went over to a closet and brought back the paddle I had seen at
school. he handed it to Miss Hauser then sat at a chair by my side to
study my breasts hanging down from my body.I saw what he meant when I
felt this terrific burn to my ass as a heard a slap echoing off the walls
and my tits jumped back and forth. Miss Hauser said calmly,
  " How was that."
  " Well from the action of her breasts that seems about right."
  I just moaned. The moans got louder and turned to squeals as she laid
on nine more as hard as the first. to my mortification I felt my pussy
getting wet and my tummy begin to pulsate.
  " Her tits fascinate me they are so large and full for such a young
girl. Miss Hauser would you get me the thonged whip?"
  My tits were in a perfect position with my arms holding my head up out
of the way. He walked around me as he struck so he could hit the back,
front and sides of my hanging tits making them flop around to their
limits of elasticity. By the eighth one I was cumming so hard I couldn't
maintain my position and fell down on my knees. 
  " No-one told you to kneel! But, that's all right this will make it
easier to hit the nipples."
  After the first two I just sagged supported by my wrists. He gave me
four more in that position While I screamed through my nose with my teeth
clenched."
  " I think that will be sufficient for today."
  That bitch Miss Hauser stuck her fingers into my pussy and said,
  " Just as I thought. She came to climax with that. It looks like we are
in for a lot of work to actually punish her."
  " Really. I thought she had climaxed at school as well. I believe I
will join her."
  They untied me and Mr. Rogers put the chain and leash back on my
nipples. then he tugged on my tender nipples to where he sat on a chair
and opened his pants.
  " Suck on this. If you do a good job we may let you go to bed."
  I gave him the best blow job I knew how to do while he jerked on my
tender nipples until he flooded my mouth with cum. Some of it spilled out
of my mouth and he made me lick it up off the floor. Then I had to wash
his dick and balls with my tongue. As I knelt there wishing someone would 
fuck me Mr. Rogers looked over to his side.
  " It would appear Miss Hauser is impressed by the way you use your
mouth."
  I looked where he was looking and saw her sitting on the edge of her
chair stark naked with her legs spread while she played with the biggest
boobs I had ever seen. It was hard to believe she could compress them
enough  to look flat-chested. Mr. Rogers pulled up on the leash, led me
over to her and handed her my leash. I knew what was expected and brought
my tongue to her pussy. It was gross! I don't think she had ever douched.
To make it worse she almost smothered me in it as she used one hand on
the back of my head to force me closer. I felt my legs being spread then
pain to my pussy and asshole. I knew Miss Hauser was doing the whipping
from the jerks of her body as she directed the whip down the crack of my
ass. In spite of the humiliation, and the smell I came and came till she
dropped the whip released my head and fell back in her chair.
  Mr. Rogers let me kneel there till I was breathing nearly normally then
led me to a bedroom where he tied my leash to the headboard to keep
constant pressure on my nipples.
  " Your hands are free. You can take off the leash anytime but I
wouldn't if I were you."
  I slept fitfully with my humiliation of sucking dick and pussy of
people I did not even like and the fact that I had reached orgasm. Twice!
Any time I moved I woke myself from the additional pressure to my
nipples.
  They woke me by pulling on my leash.
  " I think it is time we got to your list."
  I saw they had decided to dress for the part, He was wearing a leather
jock-strap with snaps at the top and she was wearing a similar one with a
bra with holes cut in it to compress the bases to make them seem even
bigger and fuller.
  He led me to the center of the large room  where he began to wrap rope
around the base of my breasts till the rope was buried in my flesh and my
tits had formed a hard ball. They were already starting to throb from the
pressure as they tied my hands behind my back and hooked a chain to the
center of the rope that was contorting my tits. Then He went over to wall
and pushed a button. I watched in dread as the chain slowly tightened and
began to lift my tits to my chin. I went up on my toes to keep off the
pressure but inevitably my body rose till I could no longer touch the
floor with my toes. Now my tits were really throbbing as I felt the skin
being pulled all the way to my back. I had thought I would be only
hanging for a short time. Just long enough for the lashes, but they took
their time. They brought over a board with collars attached to the ends
and spread my legs about four feet to put the collars around my ankles.
by this time I was in agony  and yelled " Please hurry!"
  The bitch said, " Would you consider that a protest?"
  " No I don't think so. She is just anxious to get to the good part."
  Then he leisurely walked over to a closet to bring back a whip of
barbed wire. When I saw it my eyes must have gotten as big as saucers and
I started moaning " No.. Oh No.. Oh God." You would have moaned too. I
had expected one length with only a few barbs. This had three strands at
the end of a board cut so there was a barb about every three inches."
  " Are you telling me you do not wish to go through with this?"
  When I just kept moaning "No" he brought the wires around both cheeks
of my ass. There were no more protests as all I could do is scream as I
felt this terrible sting on my ass and my body jumped to pull on my tits
even more. By the time he had finished with my ass I was becoming hoarse.
   Then he started on my pussy, thankfully the whip was wide enough to
cover the entire face of my pussy and no barbs hit my clit. The pain was
horrendous but by the third one my defense mechanisms must have kicked in
as my pussy became almost numb.
  My eyes were clenched shut when I felt this indescribable pain on my
tits. I opened my eyes in time to see the second one hit right across the
nipples. The trapped blood in my tits squirted out of my tits and I
screamed hoarsely "No more I can't stand any more!"
  He hit me one more time lower so there were marks on the entire surface
of my tits then let the whip fall to his side.
  "Well I guess that will do. I'll just deduct the other seven."
  Miss Hauser, the bitch, protested.
  " We have our rules. None of this should count since she didn't go
through with it."
  " Yes but this is the first time we have done this. It might be more
severe than we thought. I am going to give her a break."
  I think he was shocked by the blood spurting out of my tits as he
showed real concern as they let me down. The relief after I was on my
feet and my tits unbound was so great I began babbling,  "Thank you oh
thank you. I love you." 
  " If you are so damn grateful show it!"
  By now my hands were untied so I dropped to my knees unsnapped his
jock-strap to have his dick spring out and immediately took it into my
mouth.  All my private parts were still stinging and burning but as I got
into it I felt my excitement rising and I came just as he pulled his dick
out of my mouth and spurt cum all over my face. When he stepped back Miss
Hauser knelt in front of me and began to lick the cum off my face as we
played with each others tits.
  They took me into the bedroom and began putting salve on me. My tits
had stopped bleeding as soon as they were unbound. This felt so wonderful
I was happy to accommodate her when she sat on my face. At least I had
cleaned her enough to cut down some of the smell.
  They left the room leaving me untied. Incredibly even though there was
no way I could have come while it was happening, as I relived my
experience I became horny again and rubbed my pussy and sensitive nipples
till I came.
  I went to sleep. When I awoke I realized that they had taken the rings
out of my nipples. I didn't remember when they did it but I did not want
to lose them. I was hungry and thirsty so I walked out of the room to ask
them about my rings and to see if I could get something to drink. I stood
in front of them silently as they ate their dinner. Finally Mr. Rogers
spoke.
  " Did you want something Julie? How do you feel?"
  " I am still burning a little but I am okay. I was wondering if I could
get something to eat and drink. Do you have my nipple rings?"
  " Yes we have your rings. We will give them back to you before you
leave, Miss Hauser will give you food and drink."
  Miss Hauser got up and brought back a pair of shallow bowls. She cut up
some meat and veggies to put in one then filled the other with water. I
was so hungry my mouth was watering.She came over and pulled my hands
behind my back and put handcuffs on my wrists, put the bowls on the floor
and said with a smirk.
  " Bon appetite."
  From that time on I was fed once a day and a bowl of water was left on
the floor just the way I cared for my dog. It was really humiliating. To
add to it one or both of them always watched me go to the toilet.
  After I had eaten Mr. Rogers grinned and said,
  " I am glad you are feeling good. We can continue towards your goal."
  " Oh no. Please Mr. Rogers I am too sore yet to take any more."
  " That is a definite protest! You will be penalized for it. We don't
plan to hurt already damaged areas. Now come along and shut up!"
  They led me over to a large low table and tied my legs to its legs 
then pulled up on my arms till I was stretched to the limit.They pushed a
pillow under my head so I could watch the whole operation. As I laid
there with my joints beginning to ache from the pull on my widely spread
legs I watched him fearfully as he went to the closet and brought back
the "cat". It looked much worse than ours with nine braided thongs with
knots at the ends.
  He stood by my legs, looked at my frightened face and proceed to cover
every inch of my inner thigh starting just above the knee. It hurt
awfully but he just ignored my sobs and tears. Just as I thought he would
hit my pussy and was bracing for it. He went over to the other side and
covered it. He watched me pant and quiver from my sobbing for a moment
while I awaited the inevitable lash to my cunt. The pain was much
different than the wire. It was mostly heat. My legs felt like they were
on fire when he brought the whip down over the top of my pussy hair only
inches above my clit. He went up and down my stomach. When the knots hit
my solar plexus I lost my breath and felt like I may throw up. When he
stepped back Miss Hauser said,
  " I suppose she deserves a reward for not screaming and proceeded to
stick her tongue in my pussy. With my whole lower body on fire I still
managed to cum. 
  They released me and began to apply cold towels to my stomach and legs.
By the time they had done that and added the salve almost all the heat
and pain was gone. I was so grateful I unsnapped Mr. Rogers jock strap
and sucked his dick without being asked while Miss Hauser directed my
hand to her snatch.
  They let me sleep untied again which I thought was very kind.
  The next day they had me lie on the floor while they attached my wrists
to my neck collar and put the board to stretch my legs wide on my ankles.
The next was the hard part as he put hooks in each thigh, four in my
cunt-lips two outside and below my belly button two more above saving the
worst for last as he worked the hooks into the base of my nipples. This
was much worse than Joe's darning needle as the hooks weren't as sharp so
he had to push and twist them to work through the skin. I was blubbering
over the other hooks and began to scream with the ones being forced
through my nipples. It was really mean because he could have used the
holes for my nipple rings rather than making new ones.
  They let me calm down while they lowered a bar above me then adjusted
the tension on the hooks so they would lift equally. The ones in my
thighs did not stretch much but the ones in my pussy and stomach pulled
the skin up alarmingly while my breasts formed the shape of cones. This
was before they went to the winch. As the bar started it's slow journey
to the ceiling I could feel the skin stretching clear to my back till I
felt my weight leaving the floor. He was right! once there was about
eight pounds of pull on each hook I was floating in the air. It really
did not hurt much at all. It did not feel like the hooks were close to
ripping through my skin and When I reached the height they wanted I
thought that I could hang there all day if they wanted. 
  Complacency turned to fear when he went to the closet and returned with
the electric whip. He had altered the barbed wire somehow. The barbs were
only a couple of inches apart and I knew I would be a sieve when he was
through. 
  On the first lash to my breasts I could not help but jump. My skin
stretched to its limits and I tried to stay stiff from then on.
Mercifully he hit me very fast so the ten lashes to my boobs probably
only took a few seconds. The bad part was that the shocks and piercing of
the barbs seemed constant. I swear I was trying to say "No" as he stepped
between my legs but I just didn't have any breath. Again he hit my pussy
very fast but it was far too painful for me to ever convert the pain to
excitement so I could cum.
  While I was trying to catch my breath he walked up to my side and said,
  " You might as well see what it feel like on your ass." 
  Then he brought a very hard one to my ass and then held it there with
his finger on the button to keep the electric shock going. Finally he
pulled it away just to repeat. The shocks were going directly to my pussy
and I was wishing I had chosen my ass for the lashes rather than the
other.
  Finally he took it away and they let me hang there. I couldn't hold up
my head any longer as I stared at the wall behind me and waited to die.
  " We had better disinfect these wounds."
  I worked up enough strength to raise my head enough to see Miss Hauser
approaching with wet towels. I let my head fall back and sighed with
relief as I anticipated the cool towels.
  " It wasn't water! I don't know if it was alcohol or what but when she
plopped that towel onto my torso my whole body caught fire and I began to
toss to the point Mr. Rogers grabbed me before I ripped out the hooks.
  I hung there with my body rigid and screaming till the burning slowly
went away. They let me down and started taking out the hooks. I was
surprised there was so little blood. Mr. Rogers explained later that he
pulled up and pinched the skin to push away the blood and numb the skin a
little before inserting the hooks. He showed me pictures of Indian Fakirs
who had been hung from even larger hooks with only a few drops of blood.
  I was totally exhausted. I went to sleep before they had finished
putting on salve. I woke up much later and went out to the kitchen. They
had gone to bed but my water and food dishes were on the floor. Even
though I didn't have to, I got on all fours and drank and ate just with
my mouth.
  I went back to my bedroom and turned on the light to look at my body.
You would never have guessed I had been through such an ordeal. My body
just looked as If I had hundreds of little red pimples. He must not have
hit hard as the only bruises were on my ass. The electric shock must have
caused the illusion I was being hit so hard.
  I laid in bed playing with a pussy that was much less tender than I
thought possible. I got off imagining myself being hung just by a bunch
of hooks in my tits while he held the electric whip against my crotch.
  The next day I awoke knowing I was scheduled for the cigarette burns. I
was actually looking forward to it as I realized I could not really be
doing proper penance for my sins as long as I could still reach orgasm
during or after the punishments. I knew there would be no way I could get
any pleasure out of being burned.
  I went into the kitchen and knelt holding my hands close to my
shoulders just like a begging dog while I waited for them to finish
breakfast. My knees were getting very sore by the time they finished
dawdling over their coffee making small talk about the people at school.
  Finally they pushed their chairs back and Miss Hauser came over to
pinch my nipple very hard and use it to lead me into the big room where
they had set up an "X" shaped frame.  They used several pieces of rope to
hold me so tightly against the frame I could not move a muscle.
  Miss Hauser said, " I think she shpuld be made tender." He agreed and
she left to return with a whip made of several leather bootlaces.
  She hit my laeft nipple then my right and then hit upwards to let it
sting my clit and drag through my slit. I am sur it was not her intention
but she did me a favor. The light thongs just made stings to excite me. I
squealed at each one while Mr. Rogers lit a cigarette. He had her stop
just as I was near orgasm. I think my excitement was the only thing that
let me withstand the rest without fainting.
  Mr. Rogers took deep drags on the cigarette until the embers were long
enough to satisfy him. He just didn't touch my nipple with it. He pushed
it in until it was out! The pain was unreal and it did not get better
when he took it away. Before I could brace myself he did the same to my
other nipple. By then I was whining and howling in pain. I didn't even
see him go to his knees as my left cunt-lip caught fire. then my right
then back to the same place on my left and then to the same place on my
right. It took some time before the excruciating pain let me realize he
was playing with my clit. It must have been hiding as he called Miss
Hauser over.
  " Get her clitoris out where I can get to it."
  Miss Hauser began to lick it. I almost grinned as I thought there was
no way it could get hard the way I was feeling. The damn thing betrayed
me! Miss Hauser moved her head out of the way and I actually heard a
sizzle when he touched it with his cigarette. Actually I was so wet that
it was not so bad as it put out the cigarette. I didn't even think about
it when he lit another cigarette and touched it again. There is no way to
describe the pain. I screamed until I was exhausted. I let my head fall
to see blisters forming on my nipples. I finally became aware they were
not untying me. 
I looked up to see them standing beside me with rose branches with long
thorns in their hands.  As soon as they saw I was conscious Miss hauser
said, "We must puncture the blisters so they can be disinfected. I moaned
"No!" but they began very accurately lashing me on my burns. Miss Hauser
hitting my left breast and cunt lip. Mr. Rogers hitting my right breast
and cunt-lip with both of them putting the tips into my gash. I know it
is hard to believe but I began to get off on it. After a few more they
quit! I began to moan "No, No...No."
  Mr. Rogers said, " You may relax. That is enough we are finished."
  He leaned forward to hear me moan " No.. No Don't Stop. I am almost
there. Give me more."
  He looked at me incredulously then nodded to Miss Hauser.
  They began again slowly increasing the pain and tempo till it became
obvious to them that I was in the throes of multiple orgasms.
  I awoke in my bed. I thought at first it had all been a dream or
nightmare. Then I noticed that I was greasy with salve and my nipples and
clit were still tingling. I pinched and twisted my nipples and clit till
I had another orgasm then fell back to sleep. 
  I slept like a log. When I finally got up they were having lunch. I
padded up to them in my bare feet and stood quietly till Mr. Rogers
noticed me. He stood up and offered me a chair saying,
  " Sit down here. You have certainly earned a place at our table. You
are simply marvelous. I have never met anyone like you." Miss Hauser
joined in.
  " Yes indeed. I thought I could take a lot of pain and still orgasm.
You make me look like a coward."
  I would never have expected this. " You mean you get off on pain too?"
  " I like to both give and receive. What did you think Mr. Rogers did
for entertainment when all you girls were good. He is not at all
interested in paddling boys."
  " I am sorry. You looked so mean in your leather outfit I just thought
you only liked to inflict pain. You are like Terry."
  " I like to do it, absorb it, or just watch it being done. wait till
you see our videos. By Terry do you mean the pretty blonde girl with the
latest in clothes and the great slim body?"
  " That is a perfect description of her."
  " I wonder why she has never done anything to warrant punishment."
  " Oh that is easy. She thought unless she did something really
horrendous she would just get detention which really bores her. She knows
now. I told her what you did with me. She plans to earn some sort of
punishment when school convenes. Can I watch?"
  " Unfortunately no. There is no place to hide you. We will let you see
the video. But first, are there more like you?"
  " Well no-one as extreme as me I don't think. Except maybe Meggan. Jan
and Terry like to be whipped but only with things that will not leave
lasting marks. Meggan wanted to be whipped with a coat-hanger wire but we
were all afraid we would get carried away and cut her so bad she might
have to see a doctor."
  Mr. Rogers chimed in,
  " Who do you mean by we."
  " Well I guess that is why I am here. Before the car accident Roy,
David, Bart and Jim used to punish us. We all missed it. Me most of all
because I felt guilty about Joe's death since I was not there to drive
and felt I had betrayed him by making love to Terry. The list scared me
so bad I thought it might cure me of getting off on pain so I could
remember Roy as the one and only that could make me like it. In a way it
worked because I volunteered for this expecting to hate it and be afraid
of pain forever. I don't feel guilty at all now. I am even proud I could
take much more pain than I ever suspected. Now our problem is that all
the other boys in school are wimps. They don't even have enough nerve to
feel my pussy let alone whip me. There may be a few but they are too ugly
or stupid to date. It was kind of a miracle we found each other. I guess
I can't expect two of them."
  " Perhaps you are being too hasty. Almost all men like to be dominant
if given a chance. If you find a boy you like work him into it
gradually."
  " Oh yeah. I know what you mean. I knew Meggan liked it so I talked
Burt into giving her a Birthday spanking. That got him into it right
away."
  " Would you like a drink? We are going to have one while we watch TV."
  " Do you have Vodka? I love screwdrivers."
  " We got our drinks and sat on the couch while Mr. Rogers turned on the
TV. It was a large screen and when he punched "PLAY" a sniffling girl
appeared on screen almost life size in Mr. Rogers office. As views
changed from front to back to sides I realized why there were mirrors on
all four walls of his office. They must be one-way glass with camcorders
behind them.
  " Mr. Rogers gave her the same speech he had given me and she chose
swats. After the second swat Mr. Rogers pulled her panties into the crack
of her ass. She was in so much pain she didn't notice. I recognized the
freckles growing on her butt. When he was through they had to let her lay
across the desk sobbing convulsively for some time before she calmed down
enough to leave. I didn't recognize her and was told some of the tapes
were old. This girl had graduated before I got into high school. then
there was several more different girls. They were much the same and I
became a little bored with it. Miss Hauser noticed my attention was
wandering and said.
  " These are the girls that hate it. You will notice few ever appear
again. It will be more interesting to you when we get to the girls who
are more like you. We have boys too if you are interested. They bore Mr.
Rogers and I am only interested in the ones that get erections from the
pain."
  " I am not interested in seeing boys spanked either. Their dicks and
balls are too sensitive to punish and just butts jiggling doesn't turn me
on."
  The next one grabbed my attention. She was the head cheer leader who
had graduated last year. She was beautiful with a hard body,large butt
and tits and tiny waist.
  After Mr. Rogers had given his spiel she said she would take the lashes
but she didn't want any marks that would show when she wore her cheer
uniform. and did not want them all on her butt. She asked if it was
alright to have ten on her butt, ten on her breasts and the last ten on
her crotch. Naturally Mr. Rogers agreed. She pushed her butt out for all
the lashes there  and when he got to her breasts she could see the whip
coming and pumped her tits back and forth to meet the whip! She was
already beginning to come when he started on her pussy. After the first
lash across the lips she spread her legs as wide as she could even when
he changed position to uppercut the whip so the center lash buried itself
in her crack.  Since there were four cameras and they edited the tapes to
show three or four views of each lash it appeared she took many more than
her thirty. on her second session she wanted them all on her pussy or
boobs but the most interesting was the last. She brought her own whip! It
was a leather strap about three inches wide and a foot long attached to a
riding quirt. She told them she didn't want to be tied because she wanted
to help. She wanted them all on her nipples or pussy with ten to her
nipples and twenty to her pussy. She laid on her back on the desk and
gripped her tits to hold her nipples up tight for the whip. When she had
taken five on each nipple she reached down with both hands to hold her
lips apart while he buried the lash in her pussy on each stroke. Finally
she must not have been able to take any more there so she rolled over and
pulled her ass cheeks apart so he could whip her anus. When it was over
she panted thank you and unzipped Mr. Rogers pants and sucked on his dick
while she jammed her hand in her pussy past the knuckles till he finally
had to take his prick away as it became so sensitive it was painful. She
laid there and played with herself till they finally told her it was time
to go home. Watching this turned me on so much I grabbed Miss Hauser's
hand and pulled it to my pussy. When she had four of her fingers in me I
grabbed her wrist and pumped her hand in and out with her thumb beating
into my clit.
  Mr. Rogers had turned off the vcr as the cheer leader dressed to watch
me use Miss Hauser's hand to get off. When I had recovered from my orgasm
I asked Mr. Rogers if there were any more of her since they were getting
better each time. He answered,
  " No unfortunately. She left shortly after this to go to college. Since
she got quite a few "A"s in college for a girl with an eighty IQ we must
assume a few professors had discovered her talents."
  The next girl I recognized. Her name was Mary and she was the
personification of Miss Plain Jane, her parents were very religious and
dressed her in long shapeless dresses. She was so quiet you could stumble
over her. After Mr. Rogers spiel, she said quietly that she was willing
to take forty if he didn't tell her folks saying "Your whip does not look
as bad as my Dad's and if he finds out I had to be punished he will whip
me again. Please spread them around so the welts can heal before he can
see them. He makes me get naked before my whipping too."
  She then took off her dress, slip, panties and bra to reveal a
beautiful slim body with thin scars across her breasts and stomach from
previous whipping.  She walked over under the hook in the ceiling and
stretched her arms above her head as if she had been doing it for years.
I was curious.
  " Is this her second or third session? Didn't you have the camcorder
before?"
  " No this was her first session with us but it was not the first time
she had been whipped because there were some scars on her butt and
stomach that could only have been caused by being whipped with a wire or
very stiff thin whip. There may have been some on her vagina as well but
I couldn't see them because of the hair."
  By this time they had her stretched up and I saw what he meant. She was
super hairy, the hair was so thick you couldn't have seen her crack if
her legs had not been spread so wide.  She stood there slowly pumping her
hips back and forth while saying, "I know I deserve this but please don't
make me bleed."
 When Mr. Rogers agreed she made a little sob then said as she must have
been trained, "One." Mr. Rogers took the hint and  brought the lash
across the roundest part of her ass. She didn't make a sound! She just
took a deep breath and said "Two."
It became obvious that this was her way of setting the cadence. When the
lash was not too bad she counted fast but when one really hurt bad she
would gasp and it would take a moment for her to ask for the next one.
When he started on her front the lash hitting a nipple or her crotch
would cause a moan and a delay indicating that pain was much worse. They
took advantage of this knowledge and put the last twenty on her breasts,
pussy or up into her crotch to hit her tender anus. the delays became
longer but she never protested or tried to close her wide-spread legs
that had been left untied. By the time he was at forty she was mewing
piteosly and was covered with perspiration and hung there limply with
tears straming from her eyes.  
  They let her down and she laid on the floor panting till Mr. Rogers and
Miss Hauser returned from the nurses room. She got up on her knees to go
to them and kissed their hands while thanking them for not hitting too
hard. They both looked surprised as they had hit so hard they had both
worked up a sweat.
   Miss Hauser interjected. " I will never forget that session. Your dick
stayed hard till you came three times!"
  " Yes but Julie did that for me too."
  My attention went back to the screen. She slid her dress down over her
head and to my disbelief calmly said, " Thank You for the punishment I
deserved. I will try to be a better person." and walked out the door.
  It was time to change tapes so I asked if there were more of her. I was
very impressed that she could be so brave considering the fact she was
never excited by the whipping and the pain at the end must have been
terrible for her.
  " No shortly after that her folks took her out of school to be enrolled
in a religious school. Don't you remember?"
  That indicated how inconspicuous she was. I had never noticed she had
left.
  The person on the next tape was me! I could feel every lash I saw hit
me and got so excited I climbed on top of Mr. Rogers dick facing the tv.
and started pumping up and down. When he got to my tits on the tape I
told Miss Hauser who was pulling on my nipples to whip them. She must not
have wanted to take the time to get a whip so she slapped them as hard as
she could with the backs of her fingers as they careened around on my
chest.
  I came about the same time I was cumming on tv.
  We all took a nap together then began to drink again and watch more
tapes. None was really out of the ordinary and many of the girls
obviously hated it. Like me they had decided against the paddle so they
would be able to sit.
  On the last tape I was surprised to see Meggan standing there. She had
never said any thing to me about being punished by them. 
  " This is wild! Meggan is one of my best friends. I wonder why she
didn't tell me about it."
  " This just happened last week. Since her folks were out of town she
took off from school a few days to recover. She may not have had a chance
to tell you. 
  That was probably true especially since I avoided talking to anyone in
my grief.
  When Mr Rogers had finished his spiel Meggan looked at him very calmly
and said, " I feel I deserve that and more. If you use both the paddle
and the whip I am willing to accept ten with the paddle on my butt and
thirty on my front with the whip. Can you do it so the marks will be
hidden by my panties and bra?"
  Mr. Rogers replied, "Yes I am sure we can do it that way."
  When she took off her sweater and skirt she was wearing a tiny bra that
just barely covered her breasts and low cut Bikini panties that just
barely covered her pubic bone and left a strip about six inches wide on
her butt."
  Mr Roger's eyes widened and I saw his dick pushing his pants out as he
said. " Your bra and panties do not leave much area to be punished.
Almost all your swats and lashes will be hitting the same place. Are you
sure you don't want any on your thighs and stomach?"
  "Yes I am very sure. My folks are out of town for a few days so I will
have time to heal." At that point Meggan saw Miss Hauser bring out the
rope. "You don't need to tie me. I know I deserve this. I won't move. If
I do you can tie me and start over from number one. Just tell me what
pose you want me to be in."
  She reached for the catch on her bra but Mr. Rogers stopped her. "Wait
a minute I had better mark the areas so I can comply with your wishes. I
may forget what your underclothes conceal"
  He picked a magic Marker off his desk and pulled out her bra and
panties to mark around them. She began to breathe heavily as he marked
her crotch and up the crack of her ass.
  She took off the bra and panties and leaned over his desk.
  " Is this okay for my spanking?"
  " Yes but I want your stomach to rest on the desk."
  In order to do this since the desk was so low she had to spread her
legs wide apart providing a perfect view of her bald pussy.
  He said, "Miss Hauser in order to comply with her wishes we won't be
able to hit across her butt. Have the tip of the paddle hit right at the
crack and pull outwards. You take the left cheek and I'll take the
right."
  Meggan gasped and so did I knowing that all the spanks would be hitting
the most tender part of her ass. To make it possible for the tip to get
between her cheeks they used duct tape to pull the cheeks open until you
could easily see her anus.
  She took all ten in almost exactly the same place. At each spank the
cheek being hit would be jerked violently open as the tip grazed across
her anus.She never screamed once! Her only reaction was to moan and drag
her nipples around on the desk. At the end her butt was dark red and it
looked like blisters were forming where the holes in the paddle had hit.
They let her come down from her obvious orgasm as she ground her nipples
and pussy into the desk. Finally she took a deep breath and rolled over
and hung her head and shoulders off one side of the desk with her legs
hanging off the other side. then she put her hands on the outside of her
breasts to push them up and together. 
  Mr. Rogers got on one side of her while Miss Hauser got on the other
side. They were very accurate letting the ends of the lashes fall from
the cleavage to just in front of her hands. Meggan's only reaction was
moaning, tossing her head back and forth and squeezing her legs together
to compress the lips of her cunt. She never stopped pushing her breasts
up.
  I took longer for her to calm down after that while she stroked and
squeezed her dark red breasts. She signalled she was ready again by
slowly spreading her legs as wide as she could. This wasn't good enough
for Mr. Rogers. He lifted up on her ass so Miss Hauser could push a huge
dictionary under it. When she spread her legs again her entire pussy and
ass-hole was exposed. Miss Hauser faced her pussy while Mr. Rogers stood
at her head. They alternated stokes that hit every part of her cunt and
asshole. On about the fifth stroke Meggan unzipped his pants and grabbed
his ass to force his dick down her throat! This shot his timing so
sometimes both whips hit at the same time. Miss Hauser was angry that her
fucking would be delayed while he recovered from the blow-job. In
retaliation she began hitting as hard as she could and continued doing it
till Mr. Rogers came. I expected Meggan to pull her legs together for
protection, instead she spread them even wider.
  This made me so horny I pulled Mr. Rogers down on the floor and
straddled his dick. When Miss Hauser stood in front of me I grabbed her
ass-cheeks to push her pussy into my outstretched tongue. 
  By that time we were exhausted and had drunk quite a bit so we cuddled
together until we went to sleep in the king-size bed.
  When I woke up Mr. Rogers was making breakfast and Miss Hauser was
gone. "Where is Miss Hauser?"
  "She went to town. She is bringing back a surprise for you."
  No matter how I begged he would not give me a clue about the surprise.
I assumed it was some new device to torture me with in spite of the fact
I had earned my grades. I was on pins and needles when I heard her car
pull up to the house.
  I was amazed and delighted to see Miss Hauser leading Meggan through
the door. She was nude, her hands were handcuffed behind her and she had
two alligator clips on her nipples attached to chains Miss Hauser was
pulling on to bring her in the house.
  I ran to her and gave her a big hug which made her gasp as the clips
pulled at her nipples.
  " God Julie, I didn't know you were here!"
  " Yes, I made all 'A,s'. Is that why you are here?"
  " Well maybe. I may have to settle for a 'B'. I have no idea what some
of this may feel like. I am a little scared. Was it really awful?"
  " Yes it is terrible but at the same time it is thrilling beyond
belief."
  " Are you going to have scars?"
  " No. Well just a couple of small ones where my nipples were burned."
  " God! You volunteered for that? I left the burns for last in case I
want to settle for a 'B'. Was it terrible?"
  " Yes but it doesn't last for long. They have some marvelous salve that
cuts the pain when you can't cum anymore."
  " You managed to cum during it? Maybe I can stand it."
  Miss Hauser said, "Enough chit chat girls, Meggan has to learn the
rules."
  Mr. Rogers told her she was not to talk unless asked a question and to
keep her legs apart at all times. They added something new. Mr. Rogers
said " Your punishments will not start till tomorrow so for the rest of
the evening you can relax and compare notes with Julie. We have an aid to
remind you to keep your legs open." With that he pulled a rough hemp rope
with a lot of stickers coming out of it between the crack of her ass and
the lips of her pussy."
  I had to giggle because she looked so funny trying to walk with her
legs spread apart as Miss Hauser led her into the living room.
  " Julie, you are a bitch. This thing is awful no matter what I do every
move I make drives pins into my inner lips and clit."
  I apologized, "I'm sorry Meggan but you really do look funny walking
that way."
  She felt better when they had her sit on the couch and took the clips
off her nipples and she could spread her legs far apart.
  Mr. Rogers said," You might enjoy a little T.V." Mr. Rogers put in a
video tape and Meggan's eyes widened when she saw herself on the screen.
As the video went on I saw her legs moving closer together as she pumped
her butt back and forth. By the end her legs were clenched together and
she was jerking on the rope. When she came the rope was bloody. Miss
Hauser took off the rope and rubbed some salve on her pussy and asshole
while Meggan began to relax.
  Mr. Rogers said, " Do you think it is fair that you came and we
didn't?"
  " Oh no sir. Can I do anything for you? All of you." in response Mr.
Rogers handcuffed her hands behind her back and put his dick in her
mouth. When he came Miss Hauser took her turn and then me. While she was
licking me I reached down to fondle her tits but Miss Hauser slapped my
hands. "Stop that! She is not to get any pleasure out of this. She is
just there to be used."
  I felt sorry for her as she tried to cum but I have to admit I enjoyed
the feeling of power as she sucked at my clit with no reciprocation.
  Then they chained her spread-eagled to the bed so she could not touch
herself and we went back to the living room for a drink.
  Mr. Rogers said very forcefully, " Julie, I know she is your friend but
you are not to interfere in any of her punishments and we expect you to
participate. If you interfere or do not participate fully when asked you
will suffer the same punishment you would be protesting. You know you
suffered no lasting injury and Meggan won't either. Do you understand?"
  " Yes but if I interfere will I take the punishment instead of Meggan?"
  "No. It will just mean you will both go through it. Incidentally you
and the boys must have only whipped Meggan. Almost everything on her list
involves flogging with a little puncturing."
  "Oh yeah I remember, Meggan said Burt glued thumbtacks to a board and
would have her push her tits into it while he butt-fucked her. She was
thrilled by it but I get so carried away when I cum I was afraid I might
rip the skin off."
  " She came up with an innovation we are going to add to the menu. I
don't want to ruin the surprise by telling you about it. We should get to
it in a few days. Now we had better get to bed so we can be fresh
tomorrow."
  I played with his dick and her pussy till they made me stop since they
wanted to save themselves for something really exciting.
  The first thing on the menu for Meggan was twenty lashes each with the
thong whip on her breasts, ass and pussy. I could not take it seriously
as punishment as I knew she would get off on it. While Miss Hauser was
tieing her ankles to ropes in the ceiling Mr. Rogers took me aside, " You
will be whipping her ass. Start slowly and speed up as she gets close to
orgasm. All the lashes will be very hard. If the whip does not make a lot
of noise and sink into the flesh you will be up there next. Give her ten
across the cheeks then go between the legs to bury the lash between the
ass cheeks try to hit her anus with the ends of the thongs but not her
pussy. That part is mine."
  When she was hanging upside down with her legs wide spread I stepped up
to her side and brought the whip around to land on the center of both
cheeks. The whip made a very loud "Splat" as every thong left it's mark.
By the third one she was pumping so then it was just a matter of timing
to have the lash hit as her body was swinging toward it. Unfortunately
the swinging fouled me up when I stepped between her legs and I missed
with the ends enough to hit her pussy a couple of times. I looked at Mr.
Rogers to see if I was in trouble but he just frowned and made no
comment. I evidentally hit hard enough. At least Meggan thought so as she
was sobbing and convulsing.
  I thought they might give her a break but Miss Hauser stepped up
immediately and like me timed her strokes to meet her body as it swung
toward the lash. She put ten very hard lashes to her left tit and then
went to the other side to backhand the right tit even harder. The lashes
to the nipples flattened her breasts while the ones in the cleavage
wrenched them out of shape.
  I thought Mr. Rogers was super mean. Meggan was obviously in full
orgasm and he should have let her come down a little before resuming.
Instead he started right in. Fortunately for Meggan she was swinging and
twisting so violently he couldn't make every lash hit her clit. Just as I
thought, she got to the point she could not cum any more and began to
scream at the top of her lungs till she was hoarse. If she had not been
hanging head down I am sure she would have passed out.
  They let her down and we put salve on her caressing her breasts, pussy
and asshole till she calmed down to a dreamy state.
  " Oh Julie you were right the pain was twice as bad as I imagined but
also twice as thrilling. The only time I really suffered was when I
couldn't come any more. The pain is already going away. I feel so hot! I
am sweating like a pig."
  I looked with alarm at Mr. Rogers as she had broken the rule of
silence. I was relieved when he said, " I think we will suspend the
silence rule as I am interested in your reactions. Are you saying you can
withstand any pain as long as you get a break at the height of your
orgasm?"
  " Yes I think so. Even with a break the residual pain keeps me excited
enough to go into another orgasm when the hard pain starts again. Burt
gave me a hundred lashes once. Each time he restarted I could take a few
more before I came again. He told me I went clear to thirty-five lashes
on the last set. I did not seem any more to me than the first fifteen
that got me off."
  " Yes I can see how that is possible." Mr. Rogers commented, "You
realize our function here is not to primarily get you off. You are here
to earn your grades and test your limits.If you insist on breaks we may
have to add to the punishment to get to your limit. We expect you to
scream and cry at the end."
  " Yes I understand. I realize I must go to my limit I only ask that if
it takes more to get to the limit you should do so but if it takes less
than the set amount you stop.     
  " I can agree to that as long as you know we are experienced enough to
know when you have truly reached your limits. If you try to fake it we
will go past your limit until you lose consciousness. Do you understand?"
  " Yes..I appreciate the warning. I have to admit I was thinking about
how I could fake it if I really hated something."
  Since she had suffered so much Mr. Rogers decided she could have a
treat so he had me eat her pussy while Miss Hauser licked her nipples and
he butt fucked her.
  When we were done she said, " Oh that was wonderful. It makes the pain
worth it since everything is so sensitive I can feel the slightest
movement of your tongue and lips and Mr. Rogers dick. I swear I could
feel the veins in his dick!"
  We spent the evening watching more videos of kids getting spanked.
Meggan was like Miss Hauser as she loved seeing the boys who got
erections getting spanked. Mr. Rogers and I got bored so we went to bed
for a lazy 69 till we came and went to sleep.
  The next day I was to see Meggan's fantasy innovation.
  Mr. Rogers had her back up to a pillar in the center of the room about
twelve inches thick. He had her spread her legs very wide. He marked the
pillar where her ass rested against it with a magic marker. He told us to
get a cup of coffee till he was ready. It seemed like a very long time
till he called us in. I saw that he had used super glue to stick the
heads of thumbtacks close together for the whole marked area.
  They had Meggan back up to the post and tied her legs apart and her
back very tightly to the post. Finally they tied her elbows together to
push out her tits. By straining against the belt going around the post at
her belly-button she could just barely keep the tacks from sticking in
her ass.  
  Miss Hauser started slowly and carefully to take tacks out of a box and
push them into her breasts. To my disbelief Meggan's only protest even
when they were pushed into her nipples was low moans. When she got to her
pussy Meggan would flinch back sticking the tacks behind her into her
ass. When she finally ran out of tacks Meggan looked as if she was
wearing a sequin bikini.
  She was breathing in short pants as we watched her slowly relax and let
the belt around her stomach loosen as she pushed her butt in the tacks.
  I thought this was it but I was wrong.
  Mr. Rogers knelt down to spank her pussy with a strap about four inches
wide while Miss Hauser used another on her tits. Meggans orgasms started
by about the tenth spank and kept getting stronger as she ground her ass
into the tacks till her head fell forward as she went into a dead faint. 
  She did not come around till after we had taken out the tacks and put
on the salve. Her tits and pussy did not look too bad as they were
careful to hit her square to drive the tacks straight in rather than
cause them to rip. He ass looked awful as she had ground the tacks till
her ass looked like hamburger. We had just got all the bleeding stopped
when she came to.
  "OOOh God that was just unreal. I think I know how people feel just
before they die. I am completely drained I don't think I can even sit up
without help"
  I said, " Trust me. You don't want to sit up. You might not want to sit
for a long time."
  " Really. Is my ass that bad? Help me to a mirror please. I want to see
it."
  Miss Hauser and I helped her over to a mirror.
  " Oh God! It is really torn up! It isn't your fault though. I could
feel the skin tear as I dragged it across the tacks to come. I guess this
pretty well eliminates the last thing on my list."
  " What was that?" I asked.
  " I was going to take forty spanks with the school paddle. I couldn't
take even one now. I guess we will have to think of something else to do
to my front.
  Mr. Rogers said, " We don't have to think about that now. We have
plenty of time. Right now I think we all need some stiff drinks and later
something to eat.
  She laid over my lap and sipped her drink through a straw as Miss
Hauser brought cold towels to put on her butt. When she told us most of
the burning was gone I gently put on more salve. I couldn't resist giving
her cute little bald pussy a pinch. She just giggled. " You know I don't
care if my ass does have some scars. It will just show how brave I was.
Don't you think I was brave Julie?"
  " Oh  for sure. I would never have volunteered for it. I was about to
cum just watching you till you started grinding your ass into the tacks.
That scared me so bad I forgot all about getting an orgasm."
  " Yeah I suppose it did look scary but believe it or not it threw me
into a whole new dimension of orgasms."
  " I believe you it is just that blood scares me so bad. My burns may
have hurt as bad but there was no bleeding."
  " Oh Jesus, burns must be something else! What does it feel like? I
don't think I have ever burned myself."  
  " Oh there is no way to describe it if you have never been burned. The
pain is terrible and unlike being whipped where the pain begins to get
less once they stop burns keep hurting till the salve can take effect. If
that isn't enough you can't get off on it because there is no way to get
into it gradually and work up enough excitement to cancel the pain. The
pain is too terrible to excite you and the first burn is as bad as the
last."
  " I couldn't stand it then. The only way I can stand being whipped on
my pussy is to work up to it by first having my ass whipped till I am so
excited I want more."
  Mr. Rogers said " We won't worry about that now we have some time.
Meggan has one more session to make her 'B' average. We can think about
that for the next couple of days while she heals. Meantime we will just
have fun with sex."
  The next morning Meggans ass looked even worse as scabs had formed all
over her butt. It kept her constantly excited though because the scabs
would pull every time she moved. I didn't have anything like that to keep
me excited and found that it was getting harder and harder to cum without
pain. When Mr. Rogers could not hold off long enough to get me off by
fucking me I had to have Miss Hauser use a vibrating dildo on me while
Meggan whipped my tits. Meggan did not have to hit hard, just enough to
get them red to add just the touch of excitement to get off.
  By the second day Meggan felt fine and I was ready for a new adventure.
Meggan finally told them that she was ready for the next session but did
not know what she wanted to have done to her.
  " Yes I am sure you both are. Neither of you has had a really great
orgasm for some time. Miss Hauser and I have been discussing various
options. Both of you are interested in testing your limits. Therefore, we
propose a contest. As you may know Miss Hauser has a high threshold of
pain. Even so she has never been able to withstand the burning candle to
the point she snuffed the flame. I remember your greatest objection to
being burned was the fact that pain did not increase gradually. This does
increase gradually and slowly. At first wax will drop on your breasts
with little pain. As the drops proceed up your stomach they will become
hotter and hotter till they fall directly onto your inner lips and
clitoris. This is the point that Miss Hauser has had to stop. We will
light the candles in your cute little pussies at the same time. The last
girl to ask us to blow it out will win. You will have incentives that I
think you will find interesting. The last girl will become complete
master over Miss Hauser and the other girl. They will obey your every
whim or fantasy with only two limits and that is nothing that will cause
permanent injury or deep scarring will be allowed and you only have two
days to do it so Miss Hauser and the loser will have time to heal before
school. I will not allow myself to be punished but I am at your disposal
for any kind of sex act. Meggan will have an extra bonus. If she wins she
will have an 'A' average. You should be proud Miss Hauser has agreed to
be your slave because you were so brave. Miss Hauser and I will go into
the kitchen for a drink while you talk it over."
  When they had closed the door I said excitedly, "Meggan, this could be
fantastic! We can quit when it gets bad and I will be able to get even
with Miss Hauser. She whipped the Hell out of my tits, I have been
dreaming about making her huge jugs rock and roll." 
  " You too! I want to cover them with thumbtacks, whip them and then
burn her nipples."
  " Yeah! And she could eat me while Mr. Rogers fist fucks her while you
are paddling her ass with that awful paddle!"
  " Hey that is right! If I win I can have you help me punish her just
like they did us. Boy is Mr. Rogers going to have a sore tongue. I am
going to have him eat my pussy or asshole constantly!"
  " I that case I will let you win Meggan, before we get hurt."
  "No! I don't want that. I really do want to test my limits and I want
to prove I can be braver than you. You can quit right away if you want to
but I am going to go on as long as I can. My folks will freak out if I
get 'A,s'. My dad has told me since I was sixteen he would buy a car for
me if I ever got 'A,s'. "
  We ran to the kitchen to tell them we agreed to do it.
  They put cuffs around our ankles then tied our knees together. When
they raised the ropes our legs were spread wide and our butts were
pressed tightly together. Meggan's butt felt very hard as she tensed with
the excitement. I am sure Mine felt the same way. They stopped raising
the ropes when just our shoulders and the backs of our necks were
pressing against the floor then they put a rope around our bodies just
below our tits to hold our arms close to our sides. then to my surprise
they put gags in our mouths. I thought this was strange since no-one
could hear our screams till Mr. Rogers explained.
  " It occurred to us that you may have conspired to quit before you were
in great pain by some signal to the other. To avoid this you won't know
when the other has quit until we blow out your candle. You will signal
when you want to quit by squeezing your breasts three times. Just to make
you think twice before squeezing your breasts you will wear these
gloves."
   At that statement they put thin leather gloves on our hands that had
thumbtacks glued to the fingers and palms. I knew I would have to be
hurting bad to squeeze my tits with them.
  They buried long candles in our pussies that they had heated and bent
to put the ends of the candles directly over our nipples. They let us
stare at the candles for a minute to let our excitement build then Mr.
Rogers lit mine at the same time Miss Hauser lit Meggan's.
  I waited in dread for the first drip. I was relieved to find it was not
that bad as the wax cooled in the air on the way down. Meggan and I began
to move our asses around to spread the drops over our tits. I became
fascinated watching the drops of hot wax slowly climbing up my stomach.
the pain and my excitement grew with time. I was actually looking forward
to the point they would be hitting my cunt. Finally the first one hit and
I came! Meggan flinched which spilled all the wax out of the end of the
candle to spatter over both lips and our asshole. This made us both
wriggle our asses around as I came until I noticed the pain was actually
lessening as the wax already on our cunts protected it from the new wax.
Naturally this couldn't last forever. The candle finally burned down to
the point I could no longer see the candle anymore, just the flame. At
that point the wax formed a hot pool on my lips and the pain was so great
I grabbed my tits burying the tacks in them just as Mr. Rogers blew out
my candle.
  I thought I had won since I had only squeezed my tits once when they
blew out my candle but evidentally Meggan's candle had burned faster or
it had been put in deeper because they said Meggan had let it burn till
she could close her lips over it and put it out.
  Our cunts were on fire and it was pure hell when they dug out the
candles. It seemed like forever to get untied so we could lay on the
floor while they spread the salve. When the burning had subsided a little
Mr. Rogers carried us in to the king size bed and told us to try to get
to sleep. We were exhausted physically but much too excited mentally to
sleep. We took turns putting on more salve and picked the wax off each
others bodies till we got excited again and went down on each other to
gently lick our unbelievably sensitive crotches.
  When we were too tired for more sex we still couldn't sleep so we
thought about all the ways we could torture Miss Hauser and humiliate Mr.
Rogers. I forgot all about the fact that Meggan could and would be
expected to torture me as well.  
  Finally we were able to sleep.
  The next morning we woke up as Miss Hauser and Mr. Rogers were gently
putting more salve on our pussies. Mine was not too bad but Meggan had
blisters on the lips so they soaked some cotton in salve and put it
between the lips. Mr. Rogers told us he would make breakfast when we were
ready to get up.
  Walking to the kitchen was strange as I could feel my pussy lips
sliding against each other with each step. I noticed Meggan was walking
with her legs apart.
  At breakfast I got bad news. Mr. Rogers said, " Meggan we are very
proud of your bravery. I could barely believe my eyes as your cunt-lips
slowly closed over the candle and put it out while you only shuddered and
moaned. Miss Hauser says she will try to be as brave for her ordeals.
However, she is afraid you may get carried away as you may wish to exact
revenge on her for your ordeal.
  " You have that right!" Meggan retorted, "There is no doubt in my mind
she invented that candle bit and she is going to pay dearly for it."
  " Yes I understand but just so you will exercise some restraint
whatever you have devised for her will first be done to Julie."
  " That is not fair! Julie is my friend and has never done anything to
me I could not get off on."
  " I agree and Have told Miss Hauser that I do not expect the
punishments to be exactly equal. If you decide on twenty lashes to the
breasts for instance I can't stop you from putting them on with more
force to Miss Hauser."
  Miss Hauser looked apprehensive but nodded her head.
  " Now you and Julie can go into the main room to set up the apparatus
you want to use while we clean up here."
  When we were in the other room Meggan whined, " Oh Julie it just isn't
fair I wanted to tear her up. I couldn't do the things we talked about to
you."
  " Yes you can! Remember what Mr. Rogers said. I can stand burns, and
tacks on my breasts then whipped. Just put the burns on my breasts and
her nipples. Put just a few tacks in my tits and cover her nipples with
them, Whip mine easy and hers as hard as you can. I will be happy to take
that as long as I can see those huge tits of hers suffer. When you go to
burn our pussies just hold the candle further away on my pussy than her's
when you drip in the wax."
  " God Julie it is still going to hurt a lot."
  " Yeah,but it will be worth it to see her get it."
  By that time they had walked in so Meggan had Mr. Rogers tie me to a
large wheel with my arms and legs spread wide so I could be turned upside
down.
  " What have you planned Meggan." Mr. Rogers asked.
  " I planned to burn her breasts with cigarettes, then stick in tacks,
and finally whip them. Once she recovers I planned to drip hot wax on her
pussy till I can't hold onto the candle any longer. Since Julie's pussy
has already been burnt would it be okay if I just whip Julie and burn
Miss Hauser?"
  " Yes that sounds fair. Miss Hauser hasn't had her pussy burned for a
long time."
  Miss Hauser looked shocked, "Oh Meggan the candle wasn't my idea. I
hate being burned! You will stop if I beg you won't you?"
  Meggan replied, " We'll see. I sure as hell am not going to go easier
on you than on Julie."
  She burned my breasts four times on each breast but none on the nipples
then ringed my nipples with tacks. she spread the lashes out on my
breasts from just below my neck to their base to spread them out and I
was in full orgasm when she quit.
  When my breathing returned to near normal they turned me upside down
and Meggan began whipping my pussy and ass-hole just hard enough to make
a satisfying "Whap!" with each one. I got into it and began chanting "
Harder, harder!" till I reached full orgasm."
  They helped me down off the wheel and let me lay on the couch. They
started to put on the salve but I stopped them as I wanted to feel the
residual pain as I watched Miss Hauser get hers. Meggan let me rest
awhile then she had Mr. Rogers help her put Miss Hauser on the wheel.
  Miss Hauser looked frightened and said, " You will help me if I need it
won't you please Mr. Rogers."
  " Yes I will make sure you are not badly hurt."
  I got up so I wouldn't miss anything and placed myself so Meggan would
not block my view and I could see her body move while she whipped Miss
Hauser. When I was in position Meggan said. "Is that where you want to be
Julie?"
  "Yes I can see perfectly."
  " Good. Mr. Rogers, kneel in front of Julie and lick her pussy and ass-
hole while we concentrate on Miss Hauser."  
  This was a brilliant idea. Not only would I stay in a state of
excitement but also Mr. Rogers would not be able to see what Meggan was
doing to Miss Hauser. As soon as his face was buried in my crotch I held
on to his ears to hold him there while Meggan put a ball-gag in Miss
Hauser's mouth."
  As much as I had been hating Miss Hauser after our ordeal I began to
feel sorry for her as Meggan was terribly cruel. She put out the
cigarette six times on each nipple, then covered her nipples and about a
six inch circle around them with thumbtacks pushed in as deep as they
would go. Tears were flowing down Miss Hauser's cleavage as she fought
her bonds and beat her head against the wheel. She whipped her as hard as
she could. When she hit the outside of her tits the tit she hit would
slap into the other one and when she hit in the cleavage the tit she hit
would be pulled clear over into her armpit. They were bleeding in several
places when Meggans arm got so tired she had to quit.
  When Meggan had rested a bit she rolled Miss Hauser upside down and lit
the candle. Meanwhile Mr. Rogers was making loud slurping sounds as I
nearly drowned him in pussy-juice. 
  Meggan held the candle horizontally to Miss Hauser's pussy and so close
to it she was burning off the hair. She spread the wax all over her pussy
and ass-hole so the dried wax would give no protection until the candle
got so short she couldn't hold on to it any more. Then she just dropped
the stub into Miss Hauser's gaping snatch to put it out.
  Just as she took loose the buckles to the ankles so Miss Hauser could
fall to the floor I felt total exhaustion from my orgasms and let go of
Mr. Rogers head so I could slip down to the floor sweating and panting
from the exertion of my orgasms
  Miss Hauser had obviously been taken to her ultimate limit as all she
could do was moan and sob. Mr. Rogers took her to bed, put salve on her
and tied her face up and spread-eagled so she would not roll over in her
sleep and hurt herself.              
  When Mr. Rogers returned he said, " Meggan I am surprised that you
could be so cruel. If I had been able to see what you were doing I would
have stopped it. I must admit I would have enjoyed seeing it as it is
very seldom Miss Hauser reaches her limit. Thank God I thought to turn on
the video camcorder. Julie, makes us some drinks while I rewind it."
  Somehow it seemed much worse watching it on T.V. Meggan looked
absolutely crazy and I was ashamed to be a part of it. Meggan was
obviously getting off as blood spattered from the whip hitting Miss
Hauser's tits and she had a cruel smirk on her face when she dropped the
lit candle-stub into her pussy. To make it even worse Mr. Rogers ran the
most painful portions in slow motion. 
  Meggan was crying and apologizing at the end and I felt almost as
guilty as it had been my idea to burn off Miss Hauser's pussy hair.
  To provide some atonement Meggan and I took turns all night adding
salve to Miss Hauser's poor torn up body.
  She slept almost twelve hours. When we heard her moaning in her bed
Meggan and I went in to bring her coffee and breakfast.
  As soon as she saw us she began to scream, " No! No! God no. Robert,
please don't let them touch me. I'll do anything just don't let them hurt
me anymore!"
  Meggan tried to tell her we weren't there to hurt her but she kept
screaming so we backed out in astonishment and confusion as Mr. Rogers
came in. He began untying her as he kissed her and told her over and over
that she wouldn't be hurt anymore. Finally she calmed down and she minced
out in pain with every step to look at us in apprehension on the couch.
  Meggan immediately began to cry and apologize saying that she had gone
crazy. Finally Miss Hauser probably in relief her ordeal was over,
forgave her.
  We spent the rest of the week while she healed indulging in all types
of sex we were willing to do anything Miss Hauser wanted as far as sex
was concerned but refused her overtures to whip or spank us as we did not
believe she really forgave us.
  We told them we had decided to stay away from S&M as long as we lived.
This was a lie of course and it did not take as very long to find boys
that enjoyed punishing us. So far they have not been mean enough to
really hurt us. Unfortunately they don't seem to have much imagination.
We have to describe our fantasies to them to get them to do anything new.
At least they are more than willing to indulge us. Jan and Terry have
found boys that at least will spank them so it shouldn't be long till we
can go back to the orgies we had enjoyed so much with our old boy
friends.
  I have a lock on getting into college now with my "A" average. I wonder
what older boys and professors can come up with?

                                 THE END













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





