BDSM Library - Jill




Jill
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young girl spanked by neighbor then finds she loves torture games with boys.
JILL
                            by allene

    I had known our neighbor for a long time. I guess since I was about six
years old. My Dad didn't like him because he said he was lazy. I think Dad
was jealous because both he and Mom had to work and our neighbor Tom just
swam in his pool or tended his property. He had a small train in his garden
and spent a lot of time building little buildings and stuff to go with it.
I was fascinated and spent so much time over there my folks came over to
talk to him. Mom apologized to him for my bothering him but he said I was
more than welcome and that he liked to have me help him enjoy his hobby.
    Mom was happy I had somewhere to go for the time between my getting
home from school and their getting home from work but Dad did not like the
idea. He said Tom was just a lazy slob who was content to live on the trust
fund his folks had left him and his sloth may rub off on me. He said if Tom
was worth a shit he would get a job and raise a family.
    Mom finally convinced him we were lucky he did not work in case
something happened to me during the three hours I was home alone. Then she
took me aside and told me to be very nice to Tom and obey him because he
was a free babysitter. If he got tired of having me around she would have
to get a babysitter because if our house caught fire they would be in
trouble for leaving me alone. She said she would check with Tom every now
and then to make sure I was not a bother. She also told me not to swim in
his pool because I may drown and to make sure I didn't she would hide my
bathing suit. She had noticed that Tom would get so absorbed in pruning the
bonsai plants to stay in scale with his railroad he would not notice I was
in trouble.
    I objected because I told her I was a big girl now and a good swimmer.
I was eleven and was really beginning to feel grown up because I was
getting boobies. She just said that was the rules and If I did not follow
them and mind Tom I would have to stay home. I did not like that because
there was nothing to do except watch TV and I had seen all the cartoons.
    I told Tom that I would do whatever he wanted because Mom said if I
didn't mind him I would not be able to come back. He promised he would tell
Mom I was good as long as I did as I was told and didn't cause trouble.
    A few days later it was really hot. I came home from school all sweaty
and was looking longingly at his pool when he said, "It is really hot. Why
don't you go swimming?"
    I told him that Mom wouldn't let me because I might drown and to make
sure I didn't she hid my bathing suit.
    He said that was silly, he would keep an eye on me and since he had a
high board fence around his property I could just swim naked and he would
make sure I was nice and dry before my Mom came home. He said it could be
our secret. If I didn't tell her, he wouldn't.
    I was not sure about that since the only people who had seen me naked
was Mom and Dad but the pool looked very inviting and he was almost as old
as Dad. I decided that it would be all right. After all Mom had told me to
do whatever he said which gave me the excuse.
    I took off my clothes and slipped into the pool. It really felt good
and I felt safe because he watched every move I made. I knew he could
rescue me if I got into trouble.
    When I got tired of swimming and sat on the edge of the pool he
embarrassed me but made me proud when he said, "You are really growing up.
You are going to have really nice boobies. They are ready for a bra
already. Do you have hair on your crotch yet?"
I blushed and said, "Yes, I am a big girl now."
    "Really? Come over here. I want to see."
    I thought he must have seen it since I had swum on my back part of the
time but then realized I had my legs tight together and could not see the
hair myself. I stood up and walked over to him where he was sitting on a
deck chair.
    He was not satisfied with just looking. He felt the downy hair on my
crotch and gently tugged on them. It really felt good. I kind of got a
tingle in the slit I peed out of. I felt naughty though because Mom had
told me I shouldn't touch myself down there or let anyone else touch it.
Then he said, "This will help your boobies grow."
    He began fondling my boobies and gently pinched and pulled on the
nipples. This felt good too and I planned to do it myself a lot to make
them grow but then he put his finger in his mouth to wet it then began
sliding it up and down my slit. This felt wonderful! My slit really began
to tingle now and these strange thrills began to go through my body but
then I began to feel guilty and a little frightened. Mom had never told me
not to do something unless it was bad for me. Maybe it was like eating too
much candy that tasted great at first but I would eventually get sick.
    I pulled away from him and when he said, "What is wrong?"
    I told him Mom had told me I should not be touched there. It might make
me sick or something.
    He just laughed and said, "Your Mom just thinks you are too young. Most
girls don't like it till they are twelve or thirteen but you are special. I
won't tell her you like it if you don't."
    "Will you promise you won't tell her? I would never tell her. She would
punish me."
    He laughed and said, "Cross my heart and hope to die."
    "Oh thank you! Are you sure it won't hurt me?"
    "I am very sure! It will feel better and better till you get this
really great feeling."
    "I don't know. I feel guilty doing it since Mom told me not to do it."
    "I can fix that too. I will give you a little spanking first. If you
are punished for it you won't have to feel guilty."
    That made sense to me. When Mom had spanked me for doing something
wrong she always hugged me afterward and said she forgave me. I laid across
his lap and said I was ready.
    That was really a surprise. When Mom spanked me it really hurt but she
used a big wooden spoon on my clothes that bruised me. His big hand on my
bare bottom caused a little sting and tingle that seemed to create little
tingles in my crotch. I was disappointed when he said I had been punished
enough then had me sit on his lap facing out while he pulled my legs apart
with his. He told me he would show me the thing that gave me pleasure and
used his left fingers to spread the lips of my pussy then wet his finger
again to slide it over a little nub he called my clitoris. He was right! It
felt better and better until the whole front of me was tingling clear to my
boobies and then I began to pulsate and pant until I got this wonderful
feeling of release and I fell back against his hairy chest as exhausted as
I would have become from running. I was even covered with a sheen of sweat.
    He gently caressed my stomach and boobies till I calmed down then told
me to get back in the pool to cool off and wash off my sweat.
    He seemed to be sweaty too and said he had to go in the house for a
minute to go to the bathroom. He told me to stay in the shallow end of the
pool.
When he came back looking all relaxed I had gotten out to lie on a towel in
the sun. He had brought out more towels which he used to dry every part of
me then told me to get dressed because my folk's would be home soon.
    When Mom came over to get me we were innocently trimming branches on
his plants. She thanked him for taking care of me and asked if I had been
good. He told her that he enjoyed my company and that I was a big help in
his garden.
    That seemed to make her feel better about using him to babysit me. She
told Dad I had been helping trim plants and that Tom did not mind watching
me. He said, "Good. As long as she minds him we can forget about hiring the
babysitter we had agreed on after that kid set his house on fire. I knew
what he was talking about. They always watched the news and the night
before there was a story about a kid who had been left alone and had
started a fire in the kitchen trying to cook frenchfries. He was not hurt
but there had been a lot of damage and the newswoman made a big deal out of
unattended kids. The police were investigating to see if the parents should
be charged with neglect.
    That night in my bed I played with my clitoris again and managed to get
that great feeling that caused me to go to sleep right away but it was not
as thrilling as when he did it.
    The next day I told my best friend the wonderful thing I had
discovered. I must have known it was really wrong for him to do it because
I just told her about using my own finger.
    I was a little disappointed that she knew all about it and had been
doing it for a long time. She said her Mom had told her it was wrong too
and that she had confessed to the priest. He told her that it was called
masturbation and that she should not do it. But when she looked it up in
one of her Dad's medical books the book just said it was a natural thing
and that kids should not be made to feel guilty about it as long as they
did it privately. She planned to follow the book's advice since the priest
could not know anything about sex since he was celibate and her Dad was a
doctor who knew everything about people.
    That made sense to me. I was curious so I went to the library and
looked up clitoris in the anatomy book. It said it was the organ that
provided pleasure leading to an orgasm and also said that it was like a
male's penis so I looked that up too. It said that the penis would get long
and hard if the male was excited. I kept catching myself the rest of the
day looking at boy's crotches to see if they were excited. I could hardly
wait to get home to tell Tom what I had learned. I ran to tell him I had
told my best friend about the great feeling and she had done it too and
that it was all right just like he said.
    He seemed concerned and said, "Did you tell her about us?"
He seemed relieved when I told him that my friend did not like older people
so I kept that part secret and said, "Good. You can't tell anyone about us.
They wouldn't want you to see me anymore because I am so much older than
you."
    Down deep I knew that what we had done was wrong and promised I would
not tell anyone because I was really glad he taught me these wonderful
things that my folks had never mentioned to me.
    I stood in front of him for a minute nervously as the heat enveloped me
then asked if it was alright for me to go swimming. He said I could. This
time I didn't go away and turn my back to undress I just stood about three
feet in front of him while he sat in his chair wearing a bathing suit. When
I had removed everything but my panties I looked at his crotch and saw that
the little bulge I had seen before had changed. It now looked like there
was a cucumber pushing against his suit. I was amazed it had grown so much
and proud that I had been able to excite him. I lost all desire to swim and
asked him excitedly if he would rub my clitoris for me. His penis seemed to
jump then he said, "I suppose you should have a spanking first."
    That seemed a small price to pay. The other spanking had not hurt much
and it was more than worth it to get that great feeling. I said, "Yes, you
should spank me. A lot!"
    He smiled at that, then said we would go into the house for it.
    When we got into the living room he pointed to the far wall and said,
"Do you see that leather strap hanging on the wall? Go get it and bring it
to me. I will use it for your spanking. That worried me a little because
his hand had not hurt but the strap looked like it would. Since he had not
hurt me much yet I decided to trust him. It seemed strange to get it only
feeling excitement. When Mom told me to get her spoon to spank me I cried
all the way to it and back but when I handed the soft leather strap to him
I was excited and anxious to see what it would feel like.
    He had me bend over with my hands on my knees then he held on to my
breast to hold me in position while he began slapping my butt with the
strap. It was strange. It did not hurt anymore than his hand spanking but
it was the first time I had not been over someone's lap being held in
place. This way I seemed to be cooperating with the spanking. His hand on
my breast was not really holding me in position it was just adding to
thrills as he pinched my nipple with each spank. In a short time the pain
was just part of a growing excitement. Then he made it seem even more
voluntary when he let go of my breast then told me to spread my legs. When
I did he stepped behind me and the strap came up between my legs to slap
against my pussy! It stung more but was also twice as thrilling. I found
myself spreading my legs even more and then began pumping my hips to meet
it. I felt myself getting closer and closer to the tremendous relief of
orgasm when he suddenly stopped. I was wild with the desire to get over the
edge into bliss and begged, "No! Please don't stop. Please I am almost
there!"
    Thankfully he started up again and it did not matter that he was
hitting harder. I began to pant and sweat while pinching my nipples and
straining to get over the edge. Finally it was there! The impact was so
great I just fell to the floor gasping for breath and in a kind of daze.
    It must have effected him too. When I calmed a little he was sitting in
a chair with sweat covering his body and a glazed look on his face. I
crawled over to him and hugged his leg in gratitude until he began to
breathe normally. Then he said in wonderment, "Jesus kid. You are really
ahead of your age in the sex department. Girls a lot older than you can't
get off on a pussy spanking."
    I didn't know whether to be proud or ashamed but when he scooped me
into his arms flattening my boobs against his chest and began kissing me
while he said I was wonderful I just had to feel proud. No-one had ever
said I was wonderful before.
    When he loosened his hug I slid down between his knees and touched his
very hard penis. I looked up at him and said, "I read that your penis is
kind of like my clitoris. Does it feel good to rub it?" 
    "Yes. Would you like to rub it for me?"
    "Yes I would like you to feel good too."
    "That is sweet. I'll get it out for you."
    He stood up then slid off his bathing suit. I was amazed. His penis was
about seven inches long and almost as big as my wrist. When I touched, it
was so hard it was like a spring. When I pulled it down stroking it then
let it slide out of my hand it would spring back to hit his stomach. When I
asked him if I was doing it right he said, "It is better if it is wet.
Remember how I licked my finger to get your clitoris wet?" 
    "Yes. It feels wonderful. Should I lick my fingers?"
    "No it is better if you lick my penis. I licked it as if it was a
popsicle then stroked it until he told me to lick it again. Finally he told
me to keep the head of it in my mouth while I stroked it. He had me put it
deeper in my mouth until I would gag on it while I continued to rub the
part not in my mouth then at his direction I began to rub my tongue on it's
head. Suddenly he made a groan and it began to jump in my mouth and some
stuff came out to flood my mouth. I realized that he was ejaculating just
as it was described in the book. I began to spit out the fluid but he told
me to swallow it because it was pure protein and good for me. It did not
taste bad so I did and could understand why he wanted me to do it. By
swallowing he could keep his penis in my mouth until he was completely done
and it became soft. Again I was amazed to see it shrink till it was half
the hard size.
    He was really happy with me and hugged and kissed me a long time then
he said, "Since you have been so good I will give you a really special
treat."
    He had me lie on my back on the bed then he spread my legs and held
them up by my head while he began to kiss me starting at my nipples then
slowly kissing down my stomach until I thought he was going to kiss my
pussy. He did better than that! He stuck out his tongue while he used his
fingers to open the lips of my pussy and began to lick my clitoris. I had
no idea anything could feel so good. In a short time my whole body was
pulsating as I came closer and closer to a glorious orgasm.
    I thought he must be the most wonderful person in the whole world. He
hugged and kissed me for awhile until I noticed his penis was hard again. I
offered to lick it but he said he had something else to show me as soon as
I got his dick really wet. When it was sopping with my saliva he laid back
on the bed and had me straddle his hips while he worked the head of his
dick into my pussy. I was so small and he was so big I had to let myself up
and down slowly pushing in more and more of it into my stretched channel
feeling my insides move to accommodate it until I was resting on his legs.
It was great to be on top because I could twist and bounce at the speed I
wanted till We both had reached orgasm during which I found out I could
have two orgasms for his one.There was only one point where it really hurt
but he said not to worry that was just my hymen and once I was past it I
would never be hurt again. That was another word I had to look up. With
further reading I found I was not a virgin anymore but that did not matter
to me. I just felt sorry for the girls that were still virgins.
    I became obsessed with getting orgasms. It was all I could think of and
I hated every minute I had to be away from him.
    Finally he just could not keep up with me. I could lick and rub him for
a long time but he could only get hard once or twice.
    He made it up to me by licking my clitoris and even buying a fake penis
made of rubber but it was not the same as his. I was willing to do anything
that would excite him enough to get hard.
    I knew right away spanking me made him excited and although I had
convinced myself that anything that felt this good could not be wrong and I
didn't need punishment for it I did not object to the spankings even when
they changed to whipping. It just seemed to add to the excitement and I
felt I should earn the orgasms somehow.
    To be honest I brought about most of the pain myself. At school I would
think about things he could do to me that may excite him. One day my best
friend told me that she had taken some money from her Mom without asking
and she had been whipped with a willow switch. She said it hurt awful. I
could hardly wait to get home because we had a willow tree. I cut a switch
and ran to Tom to say we could play a game. I would be a spy and he could
switch me until I told him the combination of a safe. To make it more real
I said he should tie me hanging down from a tree limb like the picture I
had seen in my history book about slavery.
    That was the first time it really hurt. He had spanked my butt and
pussy a lot with the leather strap but this was different. He wrapped a
towel around my wrists so the rope would not cut my wrists but this let me
twist at the end of the rope since my feet were off the ground and he would
just hit what was in front of him as I turned. I let him whip me until I
was sure he was really hard before I gave the combination. By that time I
had red welts on my butt, thighs, breasts, stomach and even my pussy. He
seemed astounded that I was as excited as he in spite of the obvious pain I
had suffered. I was also surprised. It had hurt awful at first but as it
went on the pain just brought on fantastic excitement. The only bad part
was that I had to tell my folks I had a lot of studying to do so I could go
to my room missing my favorite TV shows because I was afraid they might
notice my winces from the pain when I pressed against my welts by sitting
down.
    From then on he left my punishments up to me. No matter how much it
hurt I could never blame him because it was always my idea. He even bought
me strips of leather so I could braid my own whips since the switch had
left welts that lasted too long. Whips were much better. They hurt almost
as much as the switch but after I came I would just be red and that would
fade away in about an hour. My favorite was one I braided out of eight
strips of leather. The braided handle was thick and had eight loose strips
coming out of the end. When he hit me with it the thongs coming out of the
end they would hit a big area all at once. When he hit my pussy or boobies
the whole area would explode in pain. He would whip my butt until it was
very red then do my breasts and finally my pussy until I was hanging from
the rope with my legs spread as wide as I could to let the thongs come
inside the lips of my pussy to hit my sensitive clitoris until I was so wet
he could fuck me with the braided handle. The braids pushing and pulling on
my clit would send me into orgasms so strong I would be too weak to stand
when he loosened the rope. I would just collapse on the ground trembling.
    The pain seemed to be directly related to my orgasms with greater pain
causing more fantastic orgasms. I became very interested in ways of causing
pain. I read everything I could find in the school library on tortures and
then on Saturdays and Sundays when my folks were home and I could not go to
Tom I began to read at the city and then the university library. I happened
to find "The Story of 'O'," and she became my heroine. One thing I did not
understand. The books seemed to think it was terrible that women were
stripped of their clothes and raped. It seemed really exciting to me and I
was disappointed when Tom said he did not know any men who would
participate in gang raping me.
    He must have thought about that because He tied my arms above my head
and tied my legs wide apart then did something new. He put a blindfold on
me then said I would be whipped then fucked by two dicks at once. 
    The whipping hurt more since I could not tell where the lashes would
land so I could not brace for the pain that I knew I would feel at the end
of the "Swishing," noise it made as it went through the air to "Splat"
against my body at my breasts, inner thighs, butt, or pussy until I was
begging to be fucked.
    I felt his wonderful dick sliding into my soaking pussy then felt
something greasy sliding between the cheeks of my butt. I felt something
pushing against my butt-hole then when he thrusted into my pussy the thing
at my butt stretched my anal ring and slid inside. It felt wonderful! My
whole lower body would feel stuffed then empty as he plunged back and forth
till I had so many orgasms I was just hanging from the rope moaning. I knew
that he had just used the fake penis in my ass but it did not matter
because my imagination had me being raped by cruel pirates.
    I don't want you to think Tom was cruel. He never hurt me more than I
could stand and that would lead to orgasm. He may have got me started but
from then on I craved greater and greater orgasms and it seemed the only
way that was possible was to suffer more and more pain. I was never badly
hurt, my redness or welts were always gone by the next day so I could take
showers after Physical Ed without anyone seeing the evidence of my exciting
ordeal. All of us had little bruises for one reason or another so the
occasional bruise I had from the tip of a whip was never commented on.
    All the sexual activity seemed to speed up my puberty. My breasts were
up to a thirty two "C" by the time I was twelve and my monthlies started. I
was worried about this since I knew this meant I could get pregnant. I
solved this problem easily. My Mother had given me her first name. I found
her prescription for birth control pills and bought my own supply.
    My folks were funny. Before I got boobs and grew hair on my crotch they
thought nothing of walking into the bathroom when I was taking a bath or
entering my bedroom with no notice but after I got boobs they were really
careful not to catch me naked. I locked the door when I was naked and it
seemed very natural to them to do that. 
    I always wore loose sweaters or sweat shirts at home because I knew if
Mom saw how big my breasts had become she would insist that I wore a bra. I
did not want that because I loved to feel my nipples rubbing on my shirt. I
kept tight sweaters and blouses at school because I loved the admiring
looks of the boys and men teachers as I walked or trotted to make my
boobies move and bounce under my shirt. I began to get compliments on my
body from the boys and really felt proud when older boys in high school
would whistle or make compliments. Girls my age were just mean saying I
looked slutty but I ignored them knowing they were just jealous. 
    At least my best friend still liked me and liked being with me since
the boys that came over to talk to me would also talk to her. She did not
have nice boobs like mine but she did have a real cute round butt . I
convinced her to wear spandex skirts or tight jeans to show it off. She was
grateful to me when the boys began to tell her she had a cute body. When I
told her that her boobs would grow faster if she massaged them she tried
doing it but it did not seem to work. 
    She was my best friend and we had always shared secrets. She had told
me how she had played "Doctor" with her boy cousin and had been thrilled to
get naked and be fondled by him in spite of the fact I might not approve.
She was jealous of my bigger boobs so after I made her promise to tell no-
one I told her the experiences I believed made me blossom. I told her
everything. The sex and even the spanking and whipping. She was thrilled by
the descriptions of sex and agreed that being tied naked and helpless would
be exciting but could not believe spanking or whipping could be exciting
since her only experience with spanking had just been painful. She even
agreed sucking a boys cock would not be bad after I explained that there
was no bad taste. Like sucking your thumb except it made men fantastically
excited.
    One weekend when I was at her house and her folks were out shopping I
suggested they might swell if I spanked them. She was a little frightened
at the idea of the pain that would cause but finally agreed and got one of
her Dad's belts. 
    She took off her top then put her hands behind her head while I hit
them hard enough to make them tremble and turn red while she made little
squeals with each lash till she panted, "It is working! I can feel them
swelling! Hit them harder!." 
    This was really making me excited because I could imagine how it felt.
I was afraid I might hit too hard but she never complained while they got
redder and redder till she stepped back and sat on the floor. She gasped,
"They feel bigger and super-sensitive and I have a tingling sensation that
goes clear to my crotch."
    I told her that was natural and for her to play with her pussy  while I
joined her. We pulled our panties to one side and began to play with our
clits. She began to pant then said, "I can't get over! Having you watch me
is embarrassing me."
    I told her I would help her and replaced her finger with mine while I
nibbled on her nipples. She had a great orgasm but it worried her.
    "Oh Jill! That felt wonderful but does that mean we are lesbians?" I
told her that was silly. If we were lesbians we would not like boys and she
knew how we loved boys.
    She agreed but also reminded me that we had never made love to one. She
said she had been willing a couple of times when she had been alone with a
couple of boys but they had both got scared to go further than just feeling
her boobies and pussy. They didn't even do that long enough to get her
really excited. 
    I agreed boys our age were really stupid and that we would have to make
friends with older boys. This was not easy. The older boys just thought
younger girls were silly and pretty well ignored us.
    I noticed that four boys seemed to be a little bolder. They not only
commented on how cute our bodies were they would sometimes give us playful
spanks on our butts.
    One day Jim, the boldest of the four told me his folks were going away
for the weekend and asked if Marcie, my friend, and I would like to come
over and help them drink beer he had been taking one by one from his Dad's
supply and watch rock videos on his cable TV. I had an inspiration.
Marcie's birthday was only two weeks away. I suggested that we make it her
birthday party. I suggested he invite the other three bolder guys he ran
with. I had a plan. I knew how excited Tom had become from spanking me and
thought if they gave Marcie a Birthday spanking they might get excited
enough to want to make love to us.
    We dressed in bulky sweaters and mini-skirts but once we were away from
home we stopped at a rest-room to put the sweaters in my book bag and put
on t-shirts we had cut off just below our breasts. I had planned ahead by
bringing a staple gun. We pulled our skirts down below our belly-buttons
then used staples to hem up the skirts till they barely covered our butts.
    We both had nice flat tummies and thought we looked really sexy. The
boys agreed too. They whistled and had us twirl in front of them to let
them glimpse the tiny bikini panties we had found.
    I had told Marcie I planned to have them give her a birthday spanking.
Since that had been a kind of tradition in her family and didn't hurt. She
agreed.
    We sat on this huge sectional couch with a boy on each side of us and
sipped on beers while watching videos, by the second beer the boys were
getting bolder and began touching our thighs. When we did not complain they
began to touch our breasts and I decided it was time to really turn them on
by announcing it was time for Marcie's birthday spanking.
    She was all for it when I told her that it would excite the boys but
when it was time she got embarrassed and said blushing that she didn't want
to do it. The boys loved the idea and kept pushing for it. She finally
agreed when I said I would let them spank me on my birthday.
    She agreed giggling, then they had her lean over the back of the couch.
This was a great idea because he half-shirt slid down to expose her
breasts. Marcie either did not notice or did not care.
    The boys cut cards to see who would be first. Bill won but he just kind
of patted her on her butt on top of her skirt that had hiked up enough to
show the crotch of her panties. It obviously did not hurt at all because
Marcie just giggled through the twelve spanks. I said he did not know
anything about spanking and took off Jim's belt and handed it to him then
flipped Marcie's skirt up on her back. Marcie squealed but made no effort
to pull it down again. I told Bill the first spanking did not count and to
try again. He did not hit hard but the belt was enough to make Marcie yip
at each spank among her giggling.
    When he had given his spanks I said, "Let's see how he did."
I pulled Marcie's bikini panties up into the crack of her bottom baring her
now pink cheeks. Marcie squealed and said "Jill! You are embarrassing me!"
But she made no effort to pull them out and when she twisted to say that,
her half shirt settled down further to bare all of her breasts while she
clenched her legs together and pressed into the back of the couch.
    That made it more exciting for all of us when Mike began hitting down
on her cheeks to make a checkerboard pattern because now we could see her
butt tremble when hit and the red lines left by the belt. I could tell it
was getting to Marcie too. She had stopped her yips and giggles to just
moan at each lash and she was twisting her upper body to make her nipples
drag on the rough cloth of the couch.  
    When the third boy, Tim. began laying on stripes it became obvious to
everyone Marcie was excited. Bill said excitedly, "Jesus Jim. She is
getting off on this. Look! The crotch of her panties is soaking wet." Jim
just nodded. I don't know whether Marcie heard him or not but I doubt it.
She was panting and trembling as she pushed her tits into the couch to drag
her nipples.
    It was now Jim's turn. He began rubbing Marcie's red burning buns then
said, "This is the last set Marcie. Should we make it special?"
    Marcie moaned, "Yes, oh yes."
    Jim told Bill to go around to her front and pull off her shirt and hold
her arms around his waist. While Bill did that Jim unsnapped and unzipped
her skirt then pulled it off her along with her panties. Jim began pulling
her legs apart. She resisted at first but by then Mike and Tim were rubbing
her breasts. She relaxed and let Jim pull her legs apart.
    Jim began swinging the belt upward leaving lines from her thigh to the
center of her butt. Marcie made low moans then arched her back to kiss
Bill's stomach. He let go of her arms to unzip and drop his pants. He was
not wearing shorts so his hard dick pushed into her neck. She brought down
her face and sucked it into her mouth still moaning and pulsating while Jim
began to bring the belt against her pussy while the other boys mauled her
little cute tits.
    I was so excited I pulled off my clothes and grabbed Jim the minute he
stopped hitting her to pull him to the floor while I straddled his dick.
Mike went to Marcie's back to fuck her from behind just as Tim pulled my
head to the side to put his dick in my mouth. In what seemed a few seconds
Jim was grunting and bucking under me. I felt his dick begin to soften just
as Tim flooded my mouth.
    By then all the boys had cum and thanks to the spanking so had Marcie.
I just felt frustrated because I had just come close without getting the
release I needed.
    We all cuddled on the floor naked till we could breathe normally. Then
Marcie said, "That was fantastic but it was not at all what I imagined for
my first time."
    Bill said, "Really? This was your first time? The way you took my dick
in your mouth I thought you were really experienced."
    "No. I just saw a picture of a girl doing it in one of my uncles dirty
magazines and wondered what it would be like to do it."
    That confirmed she would keep my secret because I knew she didn't have
an uncle.
    "So how did you like it?"
    "It was kind of gross when your stuff shot in my mouth but it did not
taste bad and I was so excited from the spanking and Mike's dick in me I
just didn't care."
    Jim said, "The spanking really excited you didn't it."
    "Yeah. It was strange. At first it just seemed silly then I was
embarrassed when Jill bared my cheeks, after that it really hurt for awhile
but then it began to give me thrills through my whole body. I am mad at
Jill though. She said that it would just be a little birthday spanking I
expected to be on top of my clothes. If I had known I would be naked and
how much it would hurt I wouldn't have done it. My poor bottom still
stings."
    I said, "Yeah but you ended up loving it. Besides you were just hit on
your butt. That is no big deal." She did not argue although I knew some of
the spanks hit her pussy. She must have been so excited she did not realize
where the belt was landing. She did not like the idea of me saying it was
no big deal.
    She retorted, "Oh yeah. You are so brave. Your birthday is almost a
year away. By then you will probably try to weasel out of it."
    "No I won't! I am brave! For my spanking I will let them hang me from
this beam in the ceiling like the picture in my history book so one can hit
my butt while another can hit my tummy and boobs. I didn't get my turn. I
will let you have a turn too."
    "I don't believe you. If you are that brave you would let us do it
today. You know you might not even be around here a year from now."
    I am too that brave. I will prove it. I will take the thirteen spanks
from all of you now and do it again on my birthday. Since you think you had
to suffer you can spank my most sensitive places, my pussy and my boobies.
We will see who is brave!"
    The boys cheered and agreed I was really brave. Jim sent them out to
the garage to get some rope. I told Jim to get a towel or something to put
around my wrists so the rope would not cut them. Marcie was really
impressed, "God. You have a lot of guts. They will really love seeing your
big boobs bounce when hit. They may not hit them easy like you did mine."
    About then the boys came back in with rope and Jim had me hold out my
wrists while he wrapped the towel around them. When the rope had been
wrapped around my wrist they threw the rope over the beam and pulled down
on it to lift me off the floor. By then I was super excited and became even
more so when after I was hung up Jim pulled my t-shirt over my head and
wrapped it around the rope then slowly pulled down my skirt and panties to
leave me hanging there naked. They all agreed my body looked wonderful
hanging like that and gathered around me to feel my tight tummy and
uplifted boobies.
    Anticipation and excitement kept building as they cut cards to see who
would be first to last. They decided that since there were more things to
hit on my front the first in line would give five on my butt then move to
my front to give the last seven while the next in line did my butt. After
the first five I would be getting lashes on my front and back at the same
time. I didn't worry about it since their belts were just light dress belts
and had just turned Marcie's butt red.
    I did become apprehensive when Marcie said, "My legs were apart. If we
don't get her legs apart we will never be able to spank her pussy."
    Jim said, "That is no problem. We have gobs of rope. Two of them knelt
to tie rope to my ankles then pulled my legs wide apart and tied the ends
to heavy furniture. I felt a coolness at my slit and realized that my pussy
had opened and the coolness was from a breeze evaporating the liquid
wetting my pussy.
    Then Marcie said, "Since I am not as strong as you boys I will just hit
her pussy and boobies."
    They agreed as long as she moved to last position. I moaned, knowing
that by the time Marcie had her turn my boobs and pussy should be really
sensitive.
    Like with Marcie they did not hit very hard. My skin got red and there
was some sharp pain when the tip of a belt would hit my nipples or pussy
but it was mostly pure excitement. It was even possible to close my eyes to
fantasize about being tortured by Nazis to give up my secrets.
    Just as I was going into a series of orgasms there was a pause. I
opened my eyes to see Marcie standing in front of me holding the thickest
belt and the boys on each side of her with excited looks on their faces
while they fondled their hard dicks.
    Marcie hit the outside of my left breast to make it jump violently and
begin a burn to make heat run down my tummy to my pussy then she backhanded
my right breast even harder. I squealed and moaned. Marcie said, "You
aren't so brave. You will be screaming before I finish."
    "I looked at her defiantly and moaned, "You won't make me scream. You
won't!"
    The boys cheered and then cheered again when she swung the belt around
as if she was a softball pitcher and buried the belt into my sensitive
pussy and clit. She must have loved the cheers from the boys that lacked
the nerve to really hurt me because she put all the rest of the lashes on
my gaping pussy or nipples. It hurt awful and I had to clench my teeth to
keep from screaming. 
    Jim made it worthwhile by plunging his dick into my pussy seconds after
she stopped lashing it to bring me to a glorious orgasm.
    Mike laid on his back to pull Marcie down on his dick while Bill pushed
her forward in order to get his dick in her butt. Tim pulled her head to
one side to push his dick in her mouth.
    We spent the rest of the afternoon hugging, fondling, fucking and
sucking till the boys could not get hard again.
    Jim and Tim said that as a treat they would take us out for burgers and
a movie.
    I hurried home to change clothes and to tell Mom I had a date. I was
crushed when she said I was too young to date and would not be able to do
it till I was fourteen and then it would have to be with an adult going
along.  Marcie called me crying to say her Mother had said the same thing.
    I called Jim crying, to tell him what Mom had said. He understood and
said we could still see each other on weekends because I could just tell
her I was going shopping or something. I went into my room to cry over the
injustice but after awhile I decided that this was all right. I still had
Tom all week and would have Jim and the other boys on weekends. I knew I
would not really miss dating since I would just be frustrated sitting next
to him in a movie when we could be having sex.
    My mom seemed relieved when she called me down to dinner and I seemed
resolved to the fact I would not be dating.
    It was hell for poor Marcie. Like me she had to go home right after
school and could only get out on weekends during the day. She would be
desperate for a real orgasm by the weekend. Like me she discovered that it
was just not enough anymore to play with herself under the covers. The tiny
orgasms she managed to get would only make her more desperate to get the
multiple orgasms from pain and sex the boys could give her. Marcie was
different than me. She confessed that she had become totally addicted to
orgasms and had trouble sleeping or concentrating as her mind raced with
fantasies. She also felt differently about pain. I enjoyed the sting and
tingles as foreplay while she really felt guilty over her obsession and
could only really enjoy sex after being punished enough to relieve her
guilt. It didn't make sense since she had told me she could get orgasms by
imagining herself being tortured while playing with herself. In any case
she became very agitated as she waited for our weekends.To make matters
worse there were weekends where everyone's parents were home and we had
nowhere to go.
    One of the boys solved that problem when he found an old barn that had
burned and left abandoned that had a rock-walled basement. The floor hadn't
burned to make a roof.It was perfect! It was all overgrown with bushes and
weeds making it obvious no-one had been there for years. Bill had
discovered it by accident when hunting birds in an area posted no hunting
or trespassing. It was on land owned by a timber company that had already
been logged so we did not have to worry about any of their employees
stumbling onto the place during the weekend. The best part was that it
looked just like a dungeon and even more when lit by several candles and
with the ropes and chains the boys hung from the ceiling and walls.
    Since I could get orgasms from Tom during the week I was not as
desperate as Marcie and would refuse things that I thought would hurt too
much or was disgusting. Marcie would be so excited by the time we got to
our "Dungeon" the boys discovered they could get her to accept anything by
simply ignoring her and making love to me whenever she said "No" To
anything. Just by watching me get off she would soon be begging them to let
her do disgusting things she had refused before or suffer pain she did not
think she could stand. In a little while I stopped feeling sorry for her
and began to enjoy her being a total slave as much of the boys.
    They found out early that she was really humiliated by having to kneel
and beg them to let her suck their dicks or worse lick my pussy and stick
her tongue in our assholes.
    Her first duty when we got to the dungeon was to suck the boys dicks
till they were all hard and excited before she would get the pleasure of
being fucked doggy style while she licked me until all of them had cum in
her pussy or asshole. By the time all of them had cum I had been eaten long
enough to cum too.
    Always after she came she would cry and say, "I should be punished," as
if the humiliation had not been enough. Once we had all cum the first time
we could be calm enough to take our time to decide on different kinds of
pain she should beg the boys or me to do to her. My concession was that
they could do anything to me Marcie agreed to allow.
    I had the luxury of being tied so I could convince myself I was being
forced to endure the whipping and indulge in fantasies. Marcie did not have
that. They knew she was so desperate to have orgasms she would humiliate
herself fully by agreeing to suffer while posing in any position they
wanted.
    They would have her get into a position to make her cunt, tits, or ass
readily accessible and then she would have to ask for each lash by either
counting or just saying, Hit me!" That left no doubt she was a willing
slave. Her only consolation was the fact she could control the cadence but
not the severity.
    Naturally the boys began to tire of just using their belts and began to
bring homemade whips, switches, and paddles to use on us.  
    One day they did something that must have been hell for Marcie but
heaven for me. The boys had been amazed at the fact that they could only
cum once and then needed time to recover before they could cum again while
Marcie and I could cum over and over until we were exhausted.
    They decided to have an experiment. Jim told us that they would get me
excited and then Marcie would lick my pussy and asshole until I could not
cum anymore and begged her to stop.
    They brought in a big log and had me sit on it then spread my legs to
tie them to the ends. I was lying with my pussy pushed up and spread by the
log with my shoulders on the ground with my wrists tied to a stake in the
ground. It was really uncomfortable because I was doing the "Splits" which
soon caused the muscles in my inner thighs to ache and bark and splinters
were digging in my butt. That discomfort was soon forgotten when one of
them began spanking my pussy while two others spanked each of my boobs
until I got so excited I began to bounce my ass on the log to drive
splinters in it. As soon as they knew from my squeals and pulsating tummy
that I was going into orgasm they told Marcie to lick me and to make sure
she would do a good job they would spank her butt, pussy and tits till I
begged her to stop.
    I had little chance to beg. As I went from one orgasm to another even
stronger whoever was not spanking Marcie to make her lunge and cry against
my slit had his dick in my mouth. Five dicks had flooded my mouth before I
became so exhausted I began to feel spacey and moaned, "Marcie, Please
stop."
    When she struggled to her feet while they were untying me I really felt
guilty for not asking her to stop sooner. They had used willow switches on
her. Her poor boobies were covered with hundreds of welts with many
crossing each other and there were vertical stripes covering every inch of
her pussy clear to her belly-button from hitting her from behind through
her legs. I was amazed that she could stay on her knees with her legs
spread through her ordeal.
    I felt so guilty that after the boys had given her orgasms by fucking
her I licked her pussy until she began to moan, "No more. Please, no more."
    When we walked home she said, "I really have mixed feelings about you.
I hate you for making me lick you so long while the switches were setting
my skin on fire but I am grateful you licked me even though the boys did
not tell you to do it. I think I may be going crazy. The switches hurt
terrible especially the ones that hit my asshole and clit  but I felt I
deserved the pain since I could have avoided it by not getting orgasms. I
even spread my legs even more to make it easier for them to get the switch
inside my slit."
    I told her that I was sorry she was hurt so much but her tongue had
felt so wonderful I could not bear to have her stop until I became totally
exhausted and reminded her that I had licked her a long time too and that
it was a lot more disgusting since her pussy was full of the boy's cum.
    The boys had just used straps on me so my skin was back to normal in a
few hours but Marcie was still sore the next day. My folks went grocery
shopping so I took her to my room and caressed salve on her till we became
excited again and did a sixty-nine until we were satisfied and laid in the
bed relaxed and giggling from the feeling of our bodies vibrating with
little after shocks. I still had some splinters in my butt so Marcie got a
tweezers to pull them out. I was grateful to get rid of them but Marcie
seemed to enjoy pulling them out real slow and using a needle on my butt to
raise them enough to get hold of them with the tweezers.
    Marcie and I began to develop more tolerance for pain until it became
so severe our butts would be so badly welted after our session we had
trouble walking normally or sitting without wincing. We were afraid our
folks would notice our discomfort and told the boys our worry about that.
They began to go easier on our butts but made up for it by striping our
pussies, stomachs and breasts even harder since we did not have to sit on
that part. Actually we did sit on our pussies but that just gave us some
excitement.
    Our Mom's were happy that we began wearing longer loose dresses rather
than our old Micro-skirts and half-shirts. They complimented us on our new
sense of modesty. It had nothing to do with modesty it was just very
irritating to have tight waistlines and panties rubbing on our welts. The
long loose things let us go without underwear to slide and caress our
tender nipples and butts at school in the street or anywhere. When we
wanted extra excitement we would stick cockle burrs on the inside of our
dresses to rub against our nipples and butts until they would be become so
sore we would have to stop at a rest room or store dressing room to take
them out to make the caresses of just the clothes enough to feel good.
    I think the boys ran out of things to do to us or became jaded. One day
when we went to the "Dungeon." They just whipped us and fucked us once then
just sat around drinking beer. When we asked what they would do to us next
Jim said that they had not thought of anything new to do to us. Marcie
lied! She said she was glad there was no more because she was always hurt
more than me and that it was not fair. We all knew Marcie got off on the
pain and I said, "The only reason you are hurt more than me is because you
need it more."
    We began to argue then "Marcie said, "There are things I would like to
see the boys do to you so you would know how I feel sometimes."
    Jim thought that was a great idea. He told us to write ideas on pieces
of paper and put them in sacks with Marcie's name on my suggestions and my
name on Marcie's. He said that our suggestions should hurt or humiliate but
that we should not suggest anything that would make scars and that it
should be something new that we had not done. Since we were both girls we
would think of things they had never considered. We had all week to think
of things and one of the things would be done to us Saturday and one more
Sunday. We were to Tell Jim of any special things we needed for the
tortures and the boys would either buy or make them.
    At first Marcie and I worked together coming up with things that would
be thrilling but not hurt much but then Marcie showed me a slip that
sounded awful. She suggested that they stick big safety pins through my
nipples and the lips of my pussy and use them to pull my breasts out tight
so they could be whipped on top bottom and sides and my pussy lips pulled
open so they could whip me directly on my clit. I protested that was too
much. It would scar me and would hurt awful but she just said, "Oh poo. No-
one would notice any little holes from pins," grinned at me and threw it in
my sack. I told her that if she did not take it out I would put one just
like it in hers. She just said, "Good. We will find out who is really
brave."
    For the rest of the week we thought of tortures. She would make me so
mad when she wrote on a piece of paper and then smirk at me I would go
ahead and put something I originally thought was too terrible in my sack.
    By the time Saturday came we were both afraid of what may be in the
others sack but neither of us even considered making a truce and taking out
the really bad things because of our foolish pride.
    At the "Dungeon" Jim said that considering the supplies we had asked
for it looked as if some of the things would really hurt. He said, "This is
your last chance. If you have suggested something you would not want done
to yourself you had better take it out and throw it away. Once we start on
something we won't quit until we all agree you have had enough or you
faint."
    I started to reach into my sack to look for the terrible things but
Marcie just gripped her sack and said, "There is nothing in my sack too
terrible for me to stand. You wouldn't want me hurt more than you. Would
you Jill?"
    That made me ashamed and I gripped my sack and said, "No! I am just as
brave as you. I can stand anything in here."
    We both gasped and shuddered when he said, "We will see how mean you
were going to be to the other. Your torture will come out of the sack you
planned for your friend."
    We were both frightened because the terrible things we had thought up
were never supposed to be used on the planner. I knew there were things in
my sack much worse than I wanted to suffer but if we protested it would
prove we were willing to have things done to the other that we could not
stand. I choked and then said, "I guess that is fair." Marcie said, "Yes. I
would never expect Jill to go through something I couldn't.
    We drew cards to see who would be first and it turned out to be me. I
planned to dig down to the bottom where the mild things were but Jim
increased my growing fear by making a big production of having all the guys
stir the slips in the sack so I could only draw on pure chance.
    I held my breath and dug down to the center to pull out a slip which I
gave to Jim to read aloud.
    "Since you drew out of your sack I will change the names. It says, Jill
will be hung from the ceiling with her legs spread wide. Then all of her
pussy hair will be burnt off by Marcie with a candle. When all the boys
have looked at and felt her pussy to make sure no hair is left. The boys
will give it five spanks each with the leather strap then Marcie will give
it ten. When that is over Jill will eat Marcie's pussy while the boys fuck
her ass or pussy doggie style.
    I had experimented by burning a few hairs on my pussy so I knew that
would not be too painful but I was frightened at the prospect of Marcie
giving it ten spanks after the boys had made it tender with their twenty
especially since I had spanked her pussy hard enough to make her cry the
week before. I also hated losing the hair that had taken so long to grow
and that made me a woman but I could see no graceful way to back out.
    I took off my dress then realized they were going to add to my
humiliation by wearing all of their clothes.
    I held out my hands for them to tie me then they pulled my arms up and
pulled my legs apart to tie them to the ends of the log that had put all
the splinters in my butt. They pulled them apart so tight I felt pain in
the inner thighs from my knees to my pussy. They pulled up my arms until my
crotch was up to the level of their waists and the weight of the log made
me stretch terribly. While I hung there in pain with fear and excitement
growing at the coming ordeal Jim said in awe, "God look at her! The weight
of the log has made her waist tiny and her skin is tight as a drum!"
    They all agreed it made me beautiful and came over to feel my tight
tummy and boobs as they pulled on my nipples and squeezed my butt. It
really helped me by raising my excitement enough to forget my fear.
     Marcie lit a candle.
    Marcie came over with this evil, excited look on her face and slapped
my stomach! saying, "Yeah. She has finally got rid of her round belly. She
should always have weights on her legs." I moaned, "Nooo. It is pulling me
apart." She just said "Girls have to suffer sometimes to be beautiful." I
was so vain I just said, "Am I really beautiful?" and was gratified when
they all said that I was.
    In spite of the pain I watched Marcie approaching me with a feeling of
betrayal. She was really enjoying this! She was already trembling with
excitement and breathing hard. She was supposed to be my best friend it was
alright for her to do this terrible thing to me but she was not supposed to
enjoy it.
    She suddenly thrust the candle under my pussy. I screamed not from pain
but from fear when there was a crackling sound and I could smell the hair
burning to make my pussy hot.
    She made it last a lot longer than she needed to. She thrust the candle
back and forth till there was no more crackling sound then just slowly let
the flame lick at my pussy until the whole area where the hair had been was
very hot. I was frightened when she brought even more heat by running the
flame over my clit exposed by my gaping pussy. I yipped and trembled tied
too tightly to be able to pull away.
    Finally as my tears rolled off my face she said I was done and the boys
began to feel and tug on my hot, bald pussy till they were satisfied there
was not a single hair left.
    Jim thought it was great, he said, "Wow! She is really naked now. It is
really smooth, even better than shaving. It feels like my baby sister's
pussy."
    I thought that was terrible. His baby sister was only three years old
and he was already introducing her to sex. That explained why she was
always hugging his legs and looking at him as if he was a god when I had
seen them together.
    My pussy had cooled by then and the rubbing and fondling had me very
excited when the first boy began to spank it. They all had straps so there
was no delay when one boy finished and another started with each new boy
seeming to slap harder until my pussy was as hot as it had been under the
flame.
    Then it was Marcie"s turn. "Slaps!" echoed in the room as I screamed
along with them feeling the heat and my pussy lips ripped out of normalcy.
    When she was through they let me down. It felt wonderful to get my legs
back together and to know the rest would be pure pleasure. I did not mind
licking pussy as much as Marcie and I was able to cum over and over while
the boys fucked me doggie style while others pulled and pinched my nipples
and breasts.
    When they had all cum we sat around sipping on beers the boys had
stolen from their dad's. Jim asked me how I felt and I told him I felt
totally drained but he said that he meant how did I feel about the pain I
had ordered with my slip. I said it was not too bad and then I turned to
Marcie and said, "Marcie. You are supposed to be my friend. You spanked a
lot harder than the boys and you really enjoyed doing it. I'll bet you came
just from torturing me."
    She looked sheepish and didn't deny it. "I'm sorry. It was just so damn
exciting. In my mind I felt everything that was happening to you. Why don't
we just burn the rest of the slips and you can do to me what I did to you
so we can go back to just having the boys spank us."  
    That was strange. We always referred to our whipping as spankings. I
guess that sounded less perverse. I though about it and then got mad at her
again.
    "No way! At least not yet. You must have some terrible things in your
sack to want to wimp out this soon. You are going to have to suffer through
at least one of them.
    Marcie whined, "No, please! I threw away all the easy ones when you
made me mad."
    That convinced me she should really suffer since I had left easy ones.
Jim and the other boys agreed with me. Jim said, "Fair is fair. You should
be willing to have things done to you that you wanted to do to your best
friend."
    Marcie sobbed but had to agree and pulled out a slip. Jim read it
aloud.
    "It says that ten alligator clips will be put on each breast with four
ounce fish weights hanging from each while her legs are tied open and he
pussy is held tight to the splintery log. Then her arms will be pulled up
to make her do a back bend all the boys fuck her from behind till they all
cum. While we are fucking her the clips will be whipped off by Jill with a
willow switch."
    Now I realized how we thought. I had burned off the hair because I was
jealous of her bush that seemed to make her more mature than me and had her
eat pussy because I knew she hated doing it. She was jealous of my big
breasts and knew I hated having them hurt and being fucked in my ass. I
could see that her slips would involve a lot of tit torture just as all
mine ended with her having to suck cocks or pussy.
    By then they had made a lot of padded leather manacles to put on our
wrists and ankles so we would not get rope burns. They had her lie on the
log with her pussy at the end. She let herself down gingerly then gasped as
her legs were jerked apart letting her pussy sink into the splinters. Then
they used a shovel to jerk up the log to put a rope under it to tighten at
the top of her butt. Her gasp let me know more splinters had stuck her.
Then they put manacles on her wrists and lifted the front of her body until
it was straight up which caused a strain to her back and more weight put on
her pussy now open and pressed into the splinters. At the last moment they
decided to tie a rope to her hair to tilt her head back out of the way.
    Once she was tied I put on a clip with a weight on her breast. She
howled, "No! It is biting me terribly!"
    The thought that she would want to do that to my precious boobies made
me mad so I stretched out her nipples so I could put two weights on each
one. Then put the others as close to the nipples as possible enjoying her
screams of anguish.
    I was no math whiz but even I knew her tits were holding up five
pounds. You could see they were being pulled clear to her armpits and had
changed from firm round balls to a pear shape.
    At least the guys were nice enough to push vaseline into her asshole.
Even that made her squirm which I knew  tortured her pussy.
    I did not start whipping them right away. I watched in fascination as
the weights jumped and swung jerking her tits around while Bill just stood
in one place and jerked on her hips to push and pull his dick in and out of
her asshole bringing screams as her pussy was scraped on the log.
    To my absolute amazement I realized she was getting off on the pain to
her tits while being reamed from the rear.
    When Bill came and pulled back Tim took his place and jerked faster and
harder. The weights jerked and swung like crazy. If they had not tied her
head back they would have hit her face.
    Marcie began to scream, "Whip them! Oh God! Whip them."
    I did not hit hard enough at first to make them come off but the switch
jerking on them must have really hurt bad because Marcie screamed, "Harder!
Get them off me!"
    I began to hit really hard but it was pure luck when I hit one since
they were jumping so much most of my lashes just left deep red stripes. I
continued to whip them while the boys changed places and they were not
moving so much. I was ashamed to admit that I was near orgasm from hitting
her since I had thought that she was terrible to get off from hurting me.
The closer I got to orgasm the harder I hit until the last clip tore loose
to fly across the room.
    When they let her down and laid her on an old mattress the boys had
found I felt terribly guilty. Her poor tits were covered with welts when
they had crossed over and where the clamps had ripped off there was blood. 
    But the terrible part was her poor pussy. It was covered with blood. We
were all relieved when Jim wiped it with a wet rag to see there was no deep
cuts, She just laid there and whimpered as several big stickers were pulled
out.
    To make her feel better the boys caressed salve on them. To my
amazement that must have stopped the pain right away because she looked up
at Jim and said, "Let me thank you." He knew what she meant and stuck his
dick in her mouth while the guys kept caressing her tits and pussy.
    We shared the last beer while she gently caressed her sore boobs.
    "Oh Jill. They hurt awful. They will be sore for days."
    "Yeah, and you were going to do that to my big boobs. That may have
ripped them off. Aren't you ashamed."
    "Yes I am sorry but I have always loved seeing your tits whipped. I
even daydream about it. I thought the clamps would make it worse and they
really did. I am not mad at you I deserved it. Please tell me you enjoyed
hurting me as much as I was excited hurting you."
    "I am ashamed to admit it but I did. I came when that last weight
ripped off your nipple."
    Marcie giggled and said, "So did I."
    We were all amazed at that and told her she was fantastic and should
become a spy when she grew up because she would never reveal our country's
secrets.
    She told me later that made her feel proud and that she would just
consider the torture we gave her training for the day she would be a spy.
    The next day she met me at school all excited, She had me follow her in
the bathroom and into a cubicle to pull down the top of her dress to show
me her boobs. I was shocked! There were lines of purple bruises covering
them and even a few scabs where the skin had broken but this was not the
reason she was showing them to me.
    "Jill! Look at them! They are bigger! You were right! Spanking them
makes them grow. I am glad now I put so many tortures to the boobs in my
slips now. by the end of the year they may be as big as yours."
    I looked at them closely and felt them. They were harder than normal
and I was sure they had just swollen from the whipping but I agreed with
her since I was sure they would get big since her Mom had big boobs. I know
it seems cruel but I wanted her to think the whipping helped so she would
not get mad at me if I got really excited and hit them very hard.
    I began to look forward to the weekend sessions even more because Tom
had no imagination and just wanted to spank me easy so I had no marks and
evidentally being older lost interest in fucking me every day. He began
skipping days and even then had to whip me longer for him to get excited.
By the time the weekend came I was almost as desperate for ultimate orgasms
as Marcie.
    I drew a slip that was pure pleasure. The boys made a sandwich of me by
fucking my pussy and ass at the same time while I sat on their dicks.The
boys waiting their turns spanked my breasts with soft straps. I loved the
feeling of two dicks at once filling me while my boobs stung and quaked
under the straps until I was so out of it I was almost completely supported
just by their dicks.
    Marcie drew the slip that excited Jim so much his voice quavered when
he read it.
    "Oh, wow!  We are supposed to put big safety pins in her nipples and
pussy then tie twine to them to pull her tits up toward the ceiling as far
as they will stretch while she stands on her tip toes then use twine to
pull her pussy lips apart as far as they will stretch. We just watch her
until she gets tired enough to let her heels down to the floor every second
less than four minutes earns her a lash. Then two of us whip her ass with
switches, two others whip her tits with our belts, while Jill hits her
"Gaping" pussy with the special strap."
    I was shocked. If Jim had not fooled us by having us do our own
tortures that could have happened to me. I said, Marcie! You lied! you said
most of your things were easy. How could you want to do that to me!"
    She sheepishly said, "I'm sorry. I told you I liked to see your tits
tortured. I deserve this. I hope it hurts awful to make up to you."
     They had brought boxes with things to make it possible to perform. My
box Just had string to tie around my boobs to make them hard and round for
spanking, some regular safety pins, and a whip I had made of small
insulated copper wire.
    Her box was a lot bigger. Jim went to it and brought out the biggest
safety pins I had ever seen. I found out later they were used to hold down
canvas tarps. Then he brought out the strap. She had glued cockle burrs to
it as close as she could get them. She gasped when he brought it out. I
could not tell if it was from fear or excitement.
    Two of the boys held her arms while Mike, the strongest, hugged her
against his stomach while Jim pulled out her nipples to force the pins in
them. She had not been smart enough to make the points really sharp. She
made blood curdling screams while he worked the pins through. They made big
bumps at the exit before they tore through. She cried in relief when the
last one was in and locked. 
    The laid her down on the floor holding her legs apart While Jim pulled
on the pussy lips to find the perfect place to put them to get as much of
her pussy open as possible.
    I don't know if that hurt less than her nipples or her excitement had
grown but she did not scream. She just moaned and whined through the whole
thing.
    After that they decided to take a break to share a couple of beers.
That may have been worse for Marcie because it gave her a chance to think
of the ordeal yet to come especially since the boys tugged on her pins
while they drank. She began to whine that she had suffered enough but the
boys reminded her that she was the one that thought of the ordeal and was
going to subject her best friend to it. She sobbed but then took a deep
breath and said, "Lets get it over with."
    When they were done it looked both obscene and horribly painful. Even
though she tried to get as high as possible on her toes her tits and
nipples were stretched up till the pins were at her chin. To make it even
worse her arms were tied behind her back and lifted by a rope around her
neck so she had trouble keeping her balance. Her tits and nipples, super
sensitive from the fresh piercing, would stretch alarmingly as she stepped
forward or back to keep her balance. Her pussy lips were pulled open so far
it made an oval hole to let us see clear inside. We all stared at her
avidly as her heels would start coming down only to go up again when the
pins pulled so hard on her nipples I was afraid they would tear through the
skin. 
    Finally her heels rested on the ground while she sobbed. We got up
fantastically excited to start her whipping. She earned thirty lashes.
    I am ashamed to admit we were not very nice. It could have been over
quickly if we had all hit at the same time and fast. Instead we took turns.
She would get a lash to her butt leaving an angry red line to make her pull
on the pins, Then one to the ultra white underside of her tits which would
make her scream and jump at the jerk that would cause on her nipples, then
I would bring the strap into her open pussy with the burrs hitting her
clitoris. With the stickery burrs that had sharp hooks like one side of
velcro I did not have to hit hard to make her scream but toward the end I
became so excited. My strap was hitting hard enough to make a loud "Slap!"
and the juice of her pussy was softening the glue enough to leave burrs
stuck in her hole when I pulled back the strap.
    At a lash about every two seconds the ordeal only lasted about three
minutes but it was so intense that when we decided to give her the last
three lashes all at once she slumped in exhaustion. I could not believe it.
Nipples must have really tough skin. They supported the dead weight of her
body with a pull so hard the big pins bent in an oval shape. Mike grabbed
her to lift her up while Jim cut the cords. Then they put her on the
mattress where she immediately went to sleep. They all came to me with
throbbing hardons. It looked as if they would never get soft. I had a dick
in my mouth, ass, pussy, and hands long enough to almost pass out too.
    Marcie was asleep for quite awhile. When she came to we were so
grateful even the boys were willing to lick her pussy while holding it open
with her pins. She came so many times she finally said she was too tired to
go on.
    Even as young and healthy as we were we laid around about an hour
before we were ready to go home. Jim offered to take out her pins but she
said she wanted them left in and to just cut off the cords.
    She wore them four days till she found some gold hoops to replace them.
Naturally since the pins had not been put in alcohol or heated before
putting them in she became infected so had to suffer the burn of my soaking
her nipples and pussy in iodine.
    She teased me all week about my not having the courage to have my
nipples and pussy pierced. I did not like that especially since I was the
first to discover the thrill of pain so I told her I would do it next
Saturday. I cheated a little. I took the pins from her and spent hours
sharpening the points to make them easier to go in then packed them in
cotton soaked with disinfectant.   
    THe next Saturday I said since Marcie had made them so excited I would
find the slip to put pins in my nipples and pussy. I was sick not being
able to get the three slips I found before the pin one because they all
involved having my pussy spanked then licked which I knew would have really
made me cum.
    I finally found the slip and gave it to Jim to read. I was really glad
I had not been as mean as Marcie. In my version after the pins were in the
cords were tied around my neck to make a kind of bra that held them up and
the pins in my pussy were just tied around my butt.
    When Jim went to my sack to get my pins and the whip I hade made with
nine thongs of small electrical wire they all cheered when I said they
could use Marcie's big pins rather than the small ones in my sack.
    I was really impressed with Marcie's tolerance for pain when they were
put in. Even with sharp points it hurt awful. Dull ones must have been
unreal. I was glad I only set thirty lashes with ten on my butt, pussy, and
breasts because my wire whip really dug in and hurt. When they finished I
was covered with skinny dark red lines with places oozing blood. It was
worth it though because they spent a lot of time caressing salve on me and
since Marcie had used all six of her lashes on my tits and pussy she licked
me till I could cum.
    I had to tell Tom that Marcie and I had been letting the boys spank us
since there was no way I could hide the marks. He thought we were being
stupid since they did not have his self control but there was no way he
could stop me. He was really pissed off when he saw the pins in my pussy
and nipples. He said I was mutilated and that if I continued wanting more
and more pain I would end up in a hospital and the boys in jail. He whipped
my pussy and breasts over a hundred times until I was crying for mercy. He
said that should satisfy my desire for pain for months but he did not know
that the only reason I cried for mercy was because I had so many orgasms I
just could not cum anymore. As bad as it was he was still using the soft
whips that let the redness go away by the next morning. He took out my pins
and I missed them since they seemed like badges of courage.
    I was kind of mad at him for not appreciating the courage it took to
have the pins put in and his effort to really hurt me so the next afternoon
instead of hurrying home I went to the store where Marcie had shoplifted
her gold rings.
    She told me it had been easy because they only had a few clerks and as
soon as they were looking away I could just grab them. I went to the
jewelry counter and as soon as the clerk began to ring up a lady's purchase
I grabbed them and headed for the door.
    Just as I started out I was grabbed by the arm by a man I had thought
was just another shopper.
    I hung my head dying of embarrassment while he pulled me through a door
then down to the basement where he locked me in a room. I was scared to
death.
    In a few minutes he came back with a tall mean looking woman. She
sneered at me and said, "Alright you little thieving bitch. Where is the
jewelry you stole?"
    I began to cry while taking the rings out of my pocket and putting them
on the desk in front of me. I noticed the man turning on a bright light and
pointing a camcorder at me.
    She looked at the price tags and said, "Bingo! Baby you hit the magic
number, these add up to a hundred dollars. That is grand theft. You are
heading for Jail."
    I began to sob and cry, "Please don't send me to jail. I will do
anything not to go to jail. Please punish me some other way."
    The man said, "She is a naughty child. Maybe she should be spanked."
    I jumped at that. "Yes, please! Spank me all you want wherever you
want! Just don't send me to jail. I will do anything for you."
    The man looked excited but the woman just said sternly that they might
give me a break if I was very cooperative. Then she said, "Do you see that
camera?" I nodded then she went on. "We are recording this so you can't say
later that we forced you into anything. Do you understand?"
    I nodded again then she said, "Would you like to take off your clothes
to prove you did not steal anything else."
    When I just said "Yes." It was not good enough for her. She said
sternly, "No! Say please let me take off my clothes to prove I haven't
stolen anything else."
    I said the line and when she said that would be alright I pulled my
dress over my head. They seemed a little surprised I was naked underneath
it. The woman said my boobs were so firm she swore I had on a bra.
    Then she said to me, "Should we check to see if you have hidden
anything in your vagina or rectum."
    I had learned my lesson. I said, "I didn't take anything else please
check my pussy and rectum so you will know I haven't hid anything else."
    Anywhere else this situation would have been very sexy but with me
being stark naked in front of them in her police uniform and him fully
clothed just made me afraid and embarrassed.
    She put on a rubber glove and told me to bend over with my butt towards
the camera and hold my cheeks open. She had the man move his chair in front
of me to keep me from losing my balance while she drove her finger then two
and finally three into my asshole stretching it to the limit. The man's
face was inches away from my trembling boobs as I squirmed under the
stretch to my anus and I began to get excited while at the same time
ashamed to get that way in front of these strange people. I let the
excitement take over when his hands slipped down my shoulders to hold me by
squeezing my breasts as I rocked back and forth from her plunging fingers.
    Then she said, "Joe, Your fingers are longer than mine maybe you should
check her out. What do you think Jill?"
    I moaned, "Yes put your long fingers in me. I want you to be sure there
is nothing in there."
    They changed places and now I was being held by tight pinches to my
nipples as he worked in his much thicker fingers until four were plunging
into me with his thumb being buried in my pussy as my breasts were pulled
into grotesque shapes by her fingers on my nipples. I began to pant and
sweat and when he said, This seems to be empty. I guess we should check her
vagina now."
    That really turned me on and I followed their direction to lie on a
desk facing the camera holding my legs open with my feet at my shoulders to
feel him pushing in one finger at a time until four of his fingers were
pumping into me and his thumb was hitting my clit while the woman jerked at
my nipples while I pumped and panted until I was almost there and he said,
"Joan, You have small hands. Why don't you put one in there so we can
really be sure."
    I was now really excited and said, "Yes do it. Please. It is alright if
it hurts."
    She stood in front of me while the man pulled my legs open even more.
Little by little she slid her hand into me then I felt a super stretch when
her knuckles forced their way in and then a really full feeling when she
closed her fingers to make a fist inside my pussy. She began pushing her
fist in and out. I looked between my tits in amazement to see her wrist go
into me with her watch beating against my clitoris. I am sure they knew I
was turned on but I made that plain when I took his hands off my legs to
put them on my breasts to feel pain and stretching as he mauled my breasts
and pinched my nipples. I would have cum in a few seconds but she must not
have wanted that. She jerked out her fist making a "Slurp!" sound and he
let go of my boobs.
    They went back behind the desk to watch me panting with a sheen of
perspiration covering my body till I calmed again to feel embarrassed and
humiliated. I crossed one arm over my boobs and hid my pussy with the other
until she said, "It is silly to try to hide. We have already seen
everything you have."
    I blushed and dropped my arms to my sides.
    He said, "Would you like us to spank you to help you relieve your
guilt?"
    "Yes. Please spank me."
    "You stole a hundred dollars. How many spanks do you think you deserve.
    "I felt guilty and stupid and decided to make sure they would be
satisfied I had been punished enough so I gulped and said, "Would you
please give me a hundred spanks. I want you to be sure I want to make up
for stealing from you. I also thought that many may make me forget my guilt
enough to allow me to get an orgasm.
    The man reached into a big drawer and began taking out things to put on
the desk. The first thing was a wooden paddle a couple of feet long. The
second was a riding crop, the third was a whip with six leather thongs
coming out of it, the fourth was a whip about three feet long that looked
like a black snake, the fifth looked like the wire whisk drummers used only
the wires were longer.
    All of them looked nasty. They let me look at them fearfully  then
said, "What part of your body would you like spanked with which
instrument."
    The thonged whip looked as if it would be the easiest and my butt could
take a lot. so I said, "Please spank my bottom with the one that has six
thongs."
    They had me bend over with my hands on the desk then the woman stepped
behind me and gave me ten really hard spanks that brought tears to my eyes
while the man watched my tits jump with each lash.
    Then she walked over to the man and gave him the whip. It was obvious
that with only ten hard spanks with the delay for them to change positions
I would never be able to work up to overcome the pain with excitement.
    She said, "You may scream if you like. This room is soundproof but if
you do we may decide you are not taking your punishment willingly and will
have to repeat it."
    I sobbed, "I won't scream. I know I deserve this." 
    If anything the man was worse. He not only hit hard across my butt he
also hit vertically so the thongs could get into the tender crack. After
his ten he joined the woman at the desk and they just watched me until I
could stop crying then told me to stand up.
    I stood in front of them wiping the tears from my cheeks then she said,
"Now which instrument would you like used on what part of your body."
    That was a surprise! I said, "I thought all of them would be on my butt
with that whip."
    She was a real hypocrite. She said, "Oh no. That would be too many in
one spot. We don't want you to be badly hurt. You will only get twenty to
each place with a different instrument each time."
    I realized I had made a huge mistake choosing the easiest whip to be
used on my butt and sobbed at how they had fooled me by not giving me the
rules up front. I had to plan ahead now. The wooden paddle would have to be
used on a fleshy area. It would bruise my pussy or tits terribly and knock
the wind out of me if used on my tummy.
    I took a shuddering breath and said, "Please spank my thighs with the
wooden paddle."
    I should have been more specific. I was thinking about the back of my
thighs but they had me get up on the desk with my pussy pointed at the
camera and told me to spread my legs.
    She hit my tender inner thighs ten times till they were burning then
let me lie there trying to caress away the heat with my hands. As soon as
my crying subsided to sobs he pushed his crotch into the top of my head and
hit me ten more times the length of my burning thighs with each one barely
missing my pussy. I laid there crying piteously trying to caress away  the
burning until they pulled me to my feet and put the remaining torture
instruments on the desk.
    They stood there staring at me excitedly while I looked at the things
knowing now for sure that I still had three to go and that it would be
impossible for me to ever convert this to a sexual experience with pain
this bad broken into small segments while I was the only one naked. I knew
only the wire whisk could be suitable for my pussy because the crop or whip
would be bound to make the tender inside of my pussy bleed. I shuddered at
the thought of the sharp tips of them ripping into me. I had never felt any
of these things before so I had no idea what they would feel like but I had
just decided the crop seemed to be the heaviest and best for my strong
tummy muscles when she lost patience and snarled. "Well. What is it going
to be?"
    I looked up at her and whimpered, "May I please have twenty lashes on
my tummy with the crop?"
    They must have known I would not be able to just stand there quietly to
receive them because they slid the desk forward so I could rest my butt
against the edge and put my hands behind me to rest them on the top.
    A "Whish!" was followed by a terrible sting just below my belly-button
accompanied by a "Snap!" sound. It hurt so much I bent over to relax the
muscles I had made tight. then I leaned back again to get another just
below the last. 
    When she had finished I was crying hysterically and my tummy was dark
red from my belly button to the top of my slit. I laid back on the desk
rubbing the welts uncaring that the camera was pointed right at my
quivering stomach and pussy.
    She said, "Would you like to take a break before the rest of them."
    Would I! I would do anything to put off further pain for awhile and
told them so.
    She looked at me strangely and said, "You can have a break for as long
as you are entertaining us."
    I jumped at the chance to put off further punishment as long as
possible. I offered to dance for them or anything but she said, "I have
something else in mind."
    She pulled out a chair then reached under her skirt to pull off her
panties and sat down.
    "Would you like to kneel between my legs and kiss my thighs?"
    I was grateful to her, that would give me a break and at the same time
help to change this terrible punishment to a sexual situation. If I made
her happy they might go easier on me.
    "Yes. May I kneel between your legs so I can kiss your thighs." 
    Even this turned out to be just humiliating because she just had me put
her head under her skirt without getting naked. I had hoped she would take
off her clothes so we could be more equal. 
    Just as I expected she was not satisfied with just kisses to her thighs
she kept saying excitedly, "Higher! Higher!" till my nose was buried in the
bush of hair at her twat and I was kissing the lips. She said nastily, "Use
your tongue, bitch!"
    I felt terribly humiliated knowing I was just being used. Of course I
knew what felt good and began fluttering my tongue on her clitoris. It was
gross. She did not have a sweet pussy like Marcie. Hers smelled rancid and
tasted bad. Thankfully my saliva and her juices began to clean it which was
good because it seemed to take forever before she began to tremble then let
out a sigh and pulled me away from her pussy. 
    I had been under her dark skirt so long I had to put my hand over my
eyes to let them adjust to the bright light. When they had adjusted I saw
that he had sat in the chair.
    I asked, "May I kiss your thighs too?"
    "No. Just take out my dick and lick and suck on it."
    Again it was not sexual to me since only I was naked as I knelt between
his thighs and unzipped his pants to bring out the biggest dick I had ever
seen. My lips were stretched around it when I put it in my mouth. He did
not even let me lick it. When it was in my mouth he just pulled on my head
to fuck my mouth making me gag when the head pushed into my throat. To make
me completely humiliated he pulled out his dick when he came to shoot cum
all over my eyes and nose. He squeezed the last of it out of his dick to
smear it on my cheeks, then he scraped it off my face with his finger and
had me suck it off his finger.
    I asked them if there was anything more I could do to put off the
punishment but they said they were satisfied and led me back to the desk.
    I hoped they would be nicer now that I had made them cum but he made it
worse. He hit just above my slit to make me gasp at the terrible sting then
said, "Let me know when you are ready for the next by saying, 'Hit me."
    That was terrible because I seemed to be asking for the lash while in
truth I did not want them at all. It was not until the fifth one that I got
smart and yelled "Hit me," real fast to get it over with.
    I rubbed the welts crying until she said it was time to choose. I
begged them to tie me because I didn't think I could stand still for the
rest since every instrument seemed worse than the last. 
    She said that they did not have any rope but if I could get my legs
really wide they could handcuff my ankles to the legs of the desk and the
legs of the bookcase next to the wall and the person not whipping could
hold on to my arms.I knew that they could move the desk closer but there
was no sense in arguing with them and I thought I would feel better not
having to offer myself to the lash. When I thought about it later I
realized they did not want any bonds showing in the video tape. I was
reminded this was all being recorded when he put a new cassette in the
camera. I was ashamed to know when they looked at the tape I would appear
to be begging to be whipped and offering myself untied for the ordeal.
    I asked for twenty spanks on my breasts with the whip while I pushed
them out for them. I was looking at my tits to make sure they were out as
far as possible when the first lash with the snake whip came. I saw it bury
itself into them at the nipples then pull back to make a maroon line. I had
to scream so they waited till I calmed down then she said, "If you scream
again we will have to start over after gagging you."
    I promised not to scream again but it was really hard. The only way I
could do it was by clenching my teeth to scream through my nose. At least
there was no delay this time. As soon as he finished his ten she started
hers. This was better because the nerves became deadened.
    They let me stand there awhile with my legs spread and trembling from
the strain. Then although we all knew what was next I still had to say,
"Please spank my pussy with the wire whip."
    It was different! It hurt awful but it did not sink in and it spread
the pain over every inch of my crotch. I know it sounds incredible but
since they gave me all twenty fairly close together I became really
excited. I was actually frustrated when they quit leaving me right on the
edge of orgasm.
    I expected to be turned loose since it was finally over but she said,
"Would you still like to have the rings?"
    I did not know what to say but it seemed awful to go through all this
for nothing so I told them I would like to have them.
    She said, "You did not seem to mind the thong whip too much and I know
you got excited from having your pussy whipped.  If you agree to twenty
more on your pussy and twenty on your butt at the same time with the thong
whip you can have the rings."
    I had taken that many from the boys and I was still excited from the
whisk so I looked defiantly at the camera and said, "Please give me forty
more lashes to my pussy and butt. You can make them hard."
    Actually all of them went to my pussy because they both hit upwards and
he hit at the center of my butt to have the thongs come through my legs so
the ends hit the face of my pussy.  I began to go into orgasm by the
twentieth  and when they stopped at the fortieth I collapsed to the floor
in total exhaustion.
    They took off the cuffs and said I could leave as soon as I was ready
then left through a side door that had a cot in it. I laid there getting my
breath until I heard the cot squeaking and his grunts and her squeals. I
really felt used. They had whipped me just to get them excited enough to
fuck.
    I grabbed the rings and put my dress on my burning body to hurry home
so I could get into a cool bath. While I laid there I remembered how Dad
used two VCR's to edit the commercials out of movies he had recorded. I
realized that when my tape was edited it would look as if I was asking for
all the lashes and as a clincher it would be obvious I had gone into orgasm
at the end. They could make it look as if I was experimenting with all the
torture instruments till I could finally cum.
    I was really glad they had only asked my first name because they could
use the edited tape to blackmail me into suffering even more. I resolved to
never go into that store again. 
    This was nothing like my sessions with Tom or the boys. My muscles were
stiff and sore and I felt the welts on my pussy and my dress rubbing on my
nipples all the way home. I was still soaking in the tub when my folks got
home. I hurried into my robe in case Mom decided to come in then told them
I did not feel well and went to bed.
    I must have slept over twelve hours but I was still sore the next day.
When I got up and looked in the mirror I looked like I was wearing a purple
bathing suit. I was solid bruises on my tits, pussy, lower stomach, and the
length of the crack of my butt. I could hardly believe I had been able to
get an orgasm during the mayhem caused to my body.
    My folks left before I did to go to work so I decided to skip school to
pamper myself with baths and liberal applications of salve. I had no desire
to see Tom and when he came over to check on me I just told him I was sick
and wanted to stay home.
    The next day was Saturday but I was just not interested in pain even
though I would get orgasms with my ordeal at the store still in my mind.
That brought on a lot of guilt.
    My folks decided to go out to dinner but when I found out they were
going to a restaurant across from my torture store I told them I was not
hungry and to go without me.
    By then I was feeling better and decided that since I had paid such a
high price for my rings I might as well see how they looked. I took off my
clothes and opened the catches to open them and thread them through the
holes in my nipples and pussy. They were beautiful and I thought of them as
badges of courage but something seemed to be missing. I threaded a gold
chain through my nipple rings then hooked it around my neck. That was
perfect! It pulled my boobs together and up. Even a slow walk caused tugs
to them so I would always be aware of them and the pain I had been brave
enough to endure to get them. I was just thinking of ways to keep me aware
of my pussy rings too when the doorbell rang.
    It was Marcie with tears running down her cheeks. She stumbled in and
said accusingly, "Jill. How could you leave me alone with the boys! Since
you were not there I had to draw two slips to take your torture as well as
mine. I agreed because I thought I had done all my really bad things and
yours had been pretty easy but I got really unlucky. I hurt awful! I am
never going back! The more they hurt me the more they wanted to hurt me.
They blamed me for your not coming. They said that putting in the pins must
have been too much and they never would have done it if I hadn't shamed you
into it and it was my fault you did not come back. Oh Jill, I hurt awful
will you put salve on me? The boys would not do it. They said I should hurt
for a long time."
    I took her up to my room and helped her off with her clothes. She was a
mess. There were bloody places all over and her nipple rings were not round
anymore.
    I moaned in sympathy and told her that we would give her a nice long
bath to take off the blood and scabs while I called her folks to say she
would be staying overnight with me. Her Folks had no objection as long as
my Mom didn't mind. I knew she wouldn't mind.
    Marcie looked better after the blood and scabs were washed off. I put
her on my bed to caress her with salve.
    I took off my robe to show her my bruises and told her what had
happened to me. I didn't get much sympathy. She thought I must have been
really dumb to get caught since she had stolen from them for years. Then
she told me what had happened to her. My ordeal began to look easy in
comparison.
    "They were real disappointed you had not come with me as I said. Since
your slips had been pretty easy I told them I would do both yours and mine.
I had still not had more orgasms than I wanted and thought this would
completely satisfy me.
    "Jill I knew you thought my pussy should be bald like yours but I
didn't expect it to get bald like this. Your slip said that they should tie
rings to my pussy hairs and then use the whip you had made with a lead ball
at the end to catch in the rings to jerk out my hair."
    I said, "I didn't think that would be too bad. I pulled out some hairs
and it did not hurt too much and I thought being tied in a back-bend over
the sawhorse would be so sexy they would want to fuck me even before the
hair was gone."
    "You don't understand. In the first place they didn't tie me like you
described with my legs spread and tied to the floor then bent back for my
wrists also be tied to the floor. Jim said that it would be a shame to
waste my rings. They tied my legs way apart then tied my hands behind my
back then bent me backward to tie my nipple rings to the floor so tight my
boobies would not stretch anymore. Then they tied my pussy rings to the
ends of the sawhorse so tight I was afraid my lips might be torn.
    Then the worse part started. When they aimed for a ring the lead ball
would hit my pussy. It hurt awful which made me jump causing terrible pain
to my nipples and lips when I tightened the cords. Worst of all you did not
set a limit on how many tries they could have to pull out the hair. After
awhile I don't think they even tried to hit the rings to pull hair because
they really got a kick out of my struggles when they hit the center of my
slit. That almost ripped the rings out of my pussy and nipples! Look at
them! I pulled so hard they aren't round anymore!"
    I said I was sorry but I had no idea that she would have rings and to
remember that it was supposed to happen to me.
    She bawled, "It couldn't happen to you! You don't have any hair. You
would have been able to draw another slip."
    I said I was sorry again and said "You have a lot of cuts all over your
front. I thought the lead ball would just leave a bruise."
    "It did! Look at my pussy it is one solid bruise! They must have hit it
a hundred times before they took turns fucking it while I was still tied
grabbing my tits to put even more pressure on my nipples. Oh Jill! While
one of them fucked me two other laughed while they sung and strummed the
cords to my pussy rings as if they were guitars. It was awful. I hurt too
much to even cum from the fucking.
    When they had all cum Jim said he had picked a slip out of my sack for
me. I think he cheated because it was the worse one. It said that my whole
front should be whipped with a rose branch till I was striped from my pussy
to the tops of my boobs. He said I was tied perfectly for it and went to my
box to get the rose branch and hit me real hard across my tits. The branch
had dried out and broke. Mike said he had an idea for something that would
work just as good. They left me there with the sawhorse cutting into my
butt and my pussy throbbing until they came back in with a length of barbed
wire!
    Oh Jill! That hurt so bad I screamed until I was hoarse. I wanted to
faint but with my head down with all the blood rushing to it I couldn't.
Worse yet I had not set the number of lashes so they just kept hitting me
until all the blood running from my body scared them and they let me loose
to wrap their T-shirts around me to stop the blood. I must have passed out
after they took me down. When I came to, Jim was there alone with me. He
said my bleeding had stopped and it was not as bad as it looked. He said he
was taking my sack and if I told anyone they had hurt me he would show them
the slips in my handwriting. Jill! I couldn't tell anyone anyway, but I
said we would never come back. He agreed and said he thought that was best
because the more we did it the more pain the boys wanted to give. If we
kept it up we may end up in a hospital."   
    I had mixed feelings. The boys had never hurt me as much as they did
Marcie and I loved the crushing excitement but I had to admit each time was
a little worse. I decided I was best off with Tom. He was willing to try my
ideas and when he saw my rings decided I could take more pain so he stopped
using the little wimpy straps so I could admire stripes in my mirror. He
had self control and never hit me hard enough to make me bleed and always
licked and fucked me afterwards.
    One day at the mall someone tapped me on my shoulder. I turned to see
the lady security guard. I was frightened and immediately said that I had
not stolen anything. She laughed and said, "I know that. We have been
watching for you. Look, I know you like pain. You had orgasms under the
whip and I saw the holes someone had put in your nipples and pussy. We miss
you. A lot of girls prefer being whipped to going to jail but girls that
get off on it are rare. We have watched your video-tape over and over.
Would you come back?"
    "Why would I do that? You guys really hurt me bad. I was sore for a
week."
    "Yes but you did get off on part of it and we have an extra incentive.
If you want anything in the store you can earn it with pain."
    It was tempting. I missed not going to that store. They had a lot of
cute clothes, good cosmetics, and nice jewelry.
    "How much pain? I can't trust you. You hurt me way too much last time."
    "That will depend on you. We have made up a menu depending on the price
of the items or items you want. The more it costs the more pain but you
will have a choice on the type of pain."
    "Like for instance?"
    "Twenty five dollars could be as little as twenty-five spanks on your
butt and the choice of sucking Joe's dick, or eating me."
    That did not sound too bad in fact I might want even more in order to
have an orgasm but it still worried me. I thought about it and then told
her to give me her home phone and I would think about it and give her my
decision."
    Marcie surprised me. In about a week after she was well she told me she
had told Jim she was willing to go back to the "Dungeon" if he promised she
would not bleed or be burned. The last request was because on one of her
slips she had suggested that they brand their initials on us with paper
clips she had bent into letters. At second thought that seemed to be too
much because the pain would last too long. Jim had told her that they were
playing sports now so they did not have weekends free and besides they had
found girls their own age.
    She was crushed. She said that she had tried all kinds of masturbation
and had even fucked her cousin but could not get an orgasm. I was tempted
to introduce her to Tom but I had promised to keep our relationship secret
and I didn't think I wanted to share him anyway.
    I told her the offer made by the security guards with the minimum
payment.
    She was all excited about it. "That doesn't sound bad. I don't mind
sucking cocks and I like to go down on you. Let's do it!"
    "You can. I don't trust them. Don't you remember how bad they hurt me?
You have never sucked a dick as big as his. It is so big it stretched my
lips."
    That just seemed to excite her more.
    "I was hurt worse and I got well. I think you exaggerated. You were all
well in a few days."
    I began to think I had exaggerated. My skin had not broken and if we
could make a deal with them to not stop so we could have an orgasm it might
not be bad at all.
    As a birthday present and in order to have a phone available for them
my folks had given me my own phone in my room. Since it was Friday Marcie's
folks let her stay overnight with me. I called Jane, the security guard,
that night and made a date for the next day since our folks expected us to
shop on Saturday which we had used as an excuse to see the boys. We got
excited and sixty nined. I got off on it but Marcie needed more and really
looked forward to the next day. When I warned her that the crop, and the
snake whip hurt really bad she was just excited instead of frightened.
    Marcie wanted to get to the store early so we could shop. She thought
we should make several choices at different prices so we could decide on
what was worth the pain offered. I was very apprehensive and didn't even
look at expensive stuff afraid I might want them so much I would be really
hurt. I just picked out a cute watch at $29.95 and a blouse for thirty
five. Marcie made a big list with the cheapest item fifty dollars. She said
she was not interested in anything cheaper.
    It was time so as instructed I had a clerk page Jane. The clerk watched
curiously as Jane walked us to the door to the basement. I became more
apprehensive realizing she could testify that we had followed her
willingly. Marcie was even making excited giggles.
    When we got to the room some changes had been made. There were hooks in
the ceiling and floor to tie us. They must have learned from me that it was
hard to take the punishment untied. There was also a big mirror on the wall
opposite from the camera.
    Jane gave us the "Menu" to look at while she hung whips on hooks
numbered from one to seven. The paddle was hung on hook one, the thong whip
on two, the crop on three, the wire whisk on four, the snake whip on five,
a whip made of skinny tightly braided thongs with knots on six, and then a
whip like number six except there were lead balls on the tips. It was easy
to see that the whips became harsher as the numbers went up except for the
paddle which I hated the most.
    I looked down at the "Menu." It was pretty straight forward. From one
to ten we could just give her or Joe head, ten to twenty would be spanks
with the paddle, twenty to thirty lashes with the thong whip, thirty to
forty the crop, forty to fifty the whisk, fifty to sixty the snake whip,
sixty to seventy the whip they called a "Cat of nine tails, Seventy to
eighty "Lead balls."
    I was relieved. I could get my watch just by taking thirty lashes and
if they didn't stop until I had taken all thirty I may get an orgasm.
    Marcie was puzzled. "Does this mean I could get a forty dollar item
just by sucking Joe four times? What if I want something that cost more
than eighty dollars.
    Jane looked amazed that Marcie could be willing to take more than
eighty lashes with anything. Then she laughed and said, "We are not here to
punish Joe. If he got four blowjobs one after another he would probably
have a heart attack. You can earn these things in increments. If you want
something for a hundred dollars you can give us head at ten apiece,for
twenty, then ten with the paddle for thirty, ten with the thongs for forty,
ten with the whisk for fifty, ten with the snake for sixty, ten with the
cat for seventy, and the remainder with the ball whip up to twenty then we
would just start over. The paddle is for your butt and the whisk for your
pussy the rest may be used anywhere. If there is one instrument you do not
like you can skip it to take twenty with the next whip in line."
    "Oh I understand. I don't like the paddle because it would leave
bruises so I could have you give me twenty with the thong whip instead.
That seems fair."
    "Yes but it would not necessarily be used on your butt we may decide to
hit your pussy or breasts, and you may still get bruises. We will just try
to make sure you don't bleed."
    Knowing them I was sure most or all would be on our pussies or nipples.
Even then we had taken worse and Marcie would probably want even more so
she could reach orgasm. Thinking of that I said, "There won't be long
pauses between each ten will there? I like to get it over with."
    "The only pause will be the time it takes for us to pass on the whip to
each other and for you to change positions unless you ask for a break.
During your break as you remember, you will be going down on me or Joe."  
    "Okay. Since I just want a watch for twenty nine ninety five and Marcie
wants more I will go first. I want the thong whip.
    They wanted all the lashes they could get. She added sales tax to make
it thirty two thirty five and then said change would be rounded out to the
next dollar to make me owe thirty three lashes. Then she said "You can't
have more than twenty with the whip of your choice so the last thirteen
will be with the crop."
    I hesitated remembering how much the crop had hurt but Marcie said,
"You can do that easy." I didn't want to look like a sissy and I thought I
might be able to get an orgasm so I agreed.
    They had me take off my clothes. I felt real embarrassed naked with all
of them, even Marcie, dressed. I made a mistake. I should have had them tie
me because I then had the extra humiliation of holding positions for them
and having to say "Hit me." for each lash.
    It turned out to be great! I think maybe they did not want to frighten
Marcie. I only had to hold one position, standing with legs spread and my
arms folded on top of my head while they gave me ten gradually increasing
in intensity on my butt and five to my tits then pussy while I pushed them
out to them saying "Hit me! I was so excited I did not even notice when
they switched to the crop and went into orgasm at the seven to my pussy so
obviously everyone knew it. They helped me over to sit on the floor where I
caressed my red pussy and breasts maintaining my excitement while I watched
them with Marcie. She owed sixty four but she told them excitedly that she
would take seventy to see what all the whips felt like as long as they tied
her hands to the ceiling hooks and her feet to the hooks in the floor. She
also said she would not say "Hit me" so they could hit her whenever they
wanted.
    They placed her in front of the camera so she could say excitedly,
"Please tie my wrists to the ceiling and my ankles to the floor so I can
have seventy lashes. Ten with each of those fantastic whips so I can have
one orgasm after another."
    She stared right at the camera. I realized she was thinking of herself
as some kind of actress!
    Like me they started easy. Marcie hardly moved from her spanking with
the paddle except for the flattening of her cute round butt and when they
used the thong whip on her boobs and pussy she strained to push them out to
meet the lash. She did not seem to notice the lashes were making deeper red
stripes with every lash. When they got to the knotted cat it made big red
splotches at every knot but Marcie was loving it. She was crying and
smiling at the same time and got a look of pure ecstacy when the knots
disappeared in her open gash to make juice from it splatter.
    Even when they went to the lead balls and she was so exhausted she
would just moan when the balls sunk in her skin and try feebly to push out
for them pussy juice was running down her thighs.
    She was so exhausted at the end Joe had to hold her up while her head
flopped around while Jane untied her. They laid her on the floor and she
went to sleep with a smile on her face!  Jane and I put salve on the dark
purple places where the lead balls had hit.
    Jane said in wonderment, "Jesus Jill. You said she did not mind being
whipped. That had to be the understatement of the year! Is there any limit
to the amount of pain she can endure?"
    "Yes. Once she was whipped with barbed wire and that was too much. If
you look closely you can see the little scars where the barbs dug in."
    "But you have both been pierced for rings. Why would little punctures
from barbed wire be so bad?"
    "You did not see her afterward. It was not just the barbs the wire left
black stripes. She was a long time getting well."
    Speaking of punctures both of you have holes for rings. Why don't you
wear them?"
    We do except for school where they show through our gym uniforms. We
did not wear them here because the boys liked to tie us with them and we
were afraid you would want to do it too. They hurt awful when you pull
against them at the lash."
    Well think about it. We will give you a twenty point bonus if you are
tied by them." 
    By then Marcie had woke up and we helped her sit up. She grinned and
said, "That was fantastic. I finally got to the point I couldn't cum
anymore. Thank you. You know just what I need."
    "Yes but we have needs too and we worked hard to make you have orgasms
without getting any of our own."
    That was not true both of them had been jerking off with their free
hand while whipping her and I knew at least Joe had cum but before I could
say anything Marcie said, "I'll help you! I will lick your pussy while Joe
fucks me doggy style."
    I told Marcie she may have trouble getting his big dick inside her but
she just retorted, "Don't be silly. Pussies are made to stretch otherwise
we couldn't have babies."
    Jane and Joe took off their clothes! I thought that was great because
it made them more equal to us. I had seen Joe's dick before but I now
realized only part of it stuck out of his pants. It looked like a horses
dick and Marcie made a little whimper when she saw it and offered to lick
it to make it slick before he tried to put it in her.
    Jane laid down with her legs spread so Marcie could begin licking her
pussy. Marcie had to stop to moan piteously when Joe's dick began to force
it's way into her little pussy. To my utter amazement he pulled on her hips
to force it in till the front of his legs began to slap her butt. I thought
it must have had to push into her womb to go in that deep.
    I was really beginning to feel left out when Jane screamed, "I can't
get over! Help me! Whip my tits."
    I grabbed the nearest whip, the cat, and began whipping them marvelling
at the blotches blossoming on her tits while all she did was moan, "Harder!
Make me cum!"
    I hit her so hard her tits were flopping all over her chest and became
almost solid blossoms by the time she screamed, I'm cumming! Oh God! I am
cumming."
    At about that time Joe jerked out his humongous dick to shoot cum all
over Marcie's butt.
    We all just flopped on the floor with them getting their breath back
while they watched me frantically digging at my pussy until I came too.
    When we had rested they told us to put on our clothes and to come back
in two days for the things we had earned. I was sure they planned to steal
them rather than buy them. They weren't paid enough to afford to buy us
expensive things every few days.
    I got curious. Since they were wearing name tags I looked up their
names in the phone book. They lived only a few blocks from me and lived
together although they had different last names. It was just a one story
house. That night I sneaked up to peek through the window. They only had a
little bit of furniture but it was obvious what was important to them. They
had a big screen TV and two VCRs to edit tapes. They were sitting on a
couch naked watching the TV. I could see the screen from my place at the
window. They had edited out all their instructions and all you saw of them
in the tape was their arms and the whips. Marcie was asking for the whips
and offering to go down on her while being fucked. I had come too late to
see myself whipped but in time to see me whip Jane. Jane's face was hidden
by a dark blob but My face was clear. I looked demonical! It was obvious I
was really getting off from whipping her tits. I heard Jane say, "Look what
that bitch did to my poor tits. She will pay for that!"
    I was afraid they would discover me so I ran home swearing I would not
go back to the store.
 When I told Marcie what I had found out and that I did not want to go
back. She said that it was kind of exciting to think they were looking at
her being whipped on TV but changed her mind when I said they might show it
to other people. She still argued that we had earned our things and that we
could get them and tell them we didn't want to be whipped anymore. I
reluctantly agreed.
    When we went to the store Jane acted nice. She put on my watch and
Marcies necklace and said they looked great on us. She wanted to know what
we wanted next. Her attitude changed drastically when we said we didn't
want anything and did not want to be hurt by them anymore.
    She yelled, "You ungrateful little bitches!  We all know you get off on
pain and we gave you presents too. If you think you can back out now you
can think again! We have tapes of you asking to be whipped, fucked, and
sucking pussy. If you try to back out copies of that tape will go to your
parents, and your school principal."
    We were trapped! We both began to blubber and beg them not to give them
to our folks and promised we would do anything they wanted.
    They made us beg to let us take off our clothes so we could be whipped
then hung us upside down and back to back from the ceiling by our ankles
with our wrists tied to the floor.
    Then they spent what seemed like hours torturing our pussies and
nipples by whipping them then to our horror burning them with cigarettes.
The pain was much too severe for us to get excited by it.
    I found out later an employee had gone to the basement to get something
to restock a shelf. He heard our muffled screams through the door and when
he found it locked got the manager who unlocked it just in time to see them
jam lit cigarettes into Marcie and my assholes.
    They called 911 for the police and an ambulance but Joe and Jane broke
loose from them and got away before the police came.  They took us to the
hospital for tests, Thankfully the doctors kept the cops away from us until
Marcie and I had a chance to decide on a story to explain why we were being
tortured. We agreed we should admit that we had been caught shoplifting and
that they were punishing us for it. The cops believed us and said they
would catch them. Marcie and I hoped they wouldn't in case they believed
Joe and Jane.
    Then our folks came. They felt sorry for us and didn't even mention the
shoplifting they seemed relieved the doctor had told them we had not been
raped. The doctor put some great painkilling salve on us and gave us pain
pills then told our folks we could go home. I begged them to let Marcie
stay with me and they agreed.
    Marcie and I laid in my bed while I told her I knew where Joe lived and
we should get our tapes. As soon as her folks left and mine went to bed we
carefully let down the rope ladder my dad had put in my window for a fire
escape. We had watched enough TV to know how to break into their house. 
    There were hundreds of tapes. We had to make two trips to get them all.
We were really lucky. Two cop cars pulled up to the house when we were
about a half-block away.
    We hid the tapes in the bushes behind my house and then sneaked back
into my room. By then our pussies were burning again from the cigarettes so
we put salve on each other's pussies till we got excited and began to
concentrate on each others clits till we came.
    Afterwards Marcie said, "I am sure I would make a good spy. Even the
terrible pain from the burns to my pussy would not have made me tell our
secrets."
    That reminded me that after all we had been through she could keep Tom
secret and told her that he was perfect, He knew just how much to hurt to
make me cum and that we had a code word, "Mercy." He would ignore my moans
or screams but if I said "Mercy" when it got too intense he would stop.
    She was a little mad I had kept him a secret from her but understood
why he would not want a lot of people know what he did.
    Naturally we were really tired by then so we went to sleep.
    The next morning Mom checked on us and when we told her we felt better
she told us to stay in bed as long as we liked and gave us our pain pills
and some more of the painkilling salve.
    We went back to sleep after taking the pills then woke up hungry so we
put on our dresses and had some breakfast food.
    I heard the whistle from Tom's train and took Marcie over to meet him.
I told him what had happened and pulled off Marcie's dress to show him the
blisters on her nipples and pussy. He seemed surprised I would be stripping
my friend for him then taking off my dress to show my injuries.
    He looked worried when I told him Marcie wanted to join us but relaxed
when Marcie swore she would not tell on him no matter how she was tortured
by the police. I told him that was true and that she had not begged for
mercy even when they burned her.
    Tom swore he would never hurt her more than she wanted. I giggled and
said, "You are going to be surprised at how much hurt she wants."
    Then I told him about the tapes and we got them to hide them in his
house.
    We picked one out randomly and put it in Tom's VCR. We were astonished.
They had not just picked on young girls. The woman in this tape was about
twenty-five and had a gorgeous body.
    They had made her beg to be whipped too but she was not convincing
because she looked real frightened and tears ran out of her eyes to drop on
her big breasts as she made the speech asking for a hundred lashes with the
thong whip. The next scene had her placed between the desk and bookcase
with her legs spread. Although you couldn't see them I knew her ankles were
bound or handcuffed. She screamed so loud they put a rubber ball in her
mouth and held it in with a scarf to start over on the hundred lashes.
    It made us all horny but our pussies were too blistered to fuck so we
got on both sides of Toms dick to lick and suck it till he came.
    We use the tapes for foreplay now. It will work for a long time because
there are so many of them and some, especially our own, we will want to see
several times.
    Our college is all taken care of. Our folks sued the store and the case
was settled out of court for a bundle since the store was embarrassed about
hiring security guard with phoney names and credentials.
    Jane and Joe have never been caught. I still have nightmares sometimes
that they come back and kidnap me but the cops say they would not be stupid
enough to ever come back.
    Marcie and I will always be best friends. Other girls and boys just
seem silly to us. Tom can't fuck enough to keep us satisfied but he has
bought a bunch of different size dildos and vibrators so with them and
whipping we can always get off. I see nothing but excitement in front of me
    

                                  THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





