BDSM Library - Laura




Laura
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Laura is in unhappy marriage as trailer camp trash. Her husband killed in car wreck and she collects money but blows it gambling in Vegas. she is taken in by her lawyer but has to aceept his dominance.
Laura
by Allene

Gary, Laura mike,Trish, audrey, steve buffy bill
     I met him when my husband was killed in a car accident. He had been
recommended by a friend as my lawyer.
     Actually his death was not a great loss to me. I had only married him
right out of high school because he looked so cute in his basketball
shorts and it looked as if he may get to play professionally and be rich.
He did win a college scholarship which allowed us to get married since it
included an apartment and an overpaid job after classes. Unfortunately he
was really stupid and even with tutors he couldn't keep his grades up
since he was more interested in drinking beer. It turned out he was not
that great a ballplayer either and they used his bad grades as an excuse
to cancel his scholarship.
     We ended up in the trailer court just a couple of blocks from my
folks working at minimum wage jobs to survive.
     My lawyer Gary Mitchell got $50,000.00 from the insurance company.
After paying his 30 % I still had $35,000.00. I had always been poor and
that seemed like a fortune. Gary suggested I let him invest it for me. He
was sure I could get a ten percent return on my money. I said I would
think about it but first I wanted to celebrate. 
     I bought a bunch of nice clothes and found a nice apartment then
traded in our old car to go to Las Vegas.
     When I checked into the Casino and paid with a check they must have
checked with my bank because a man came to my room while I was unpacking
to give me a hundred dollars in chips and said I had a credit line of
Twenty thousand and just tell the dealer or croupier to check with him so
I wouldn't have to bother to go to the cashier for more chips.
     I thought I was in heaven. I won a thousand dollars the first night
and seven hundred the next. Along with that I was given free drinks and
free tickets to the shows. I didn't use them as I was too greedy to leave
the tables for a show.
     The next night I wasn't so lucky. I couldn't understand what was
happening. I was doing the same thing that had won money before. I
couldn't keep track of the chips I bought since it was so easy to ask for
more.
     The night after that I lost more and when I complained to the man
next to me that I was losing my ass playing Crap, he suggested I play
poker because if I had a bad hand I could fold before it cost me much and
if I had a good one I could bet big to win a lot. I didn't know anything
about poker but the desk had brochures on all the games to teach you how
to play. I went to dinner and studied a brochure on Texas Hold Em. It
seemed simple and I saw what the man meant. You were dealt two cards face
down and if they weren't good you could throw them away only losing a
small ante. It told the values of hands with a royal flush being best and
suggested only playing cards when you had a pair, ace king, or two in the
same suit for a flush.
     I found a game with a five hundred dollar limit so I could win all I
lost in one night and go home. It was great at first. On the last card I
always made a straight or flush to win. Guys bitched that they had me beat
all the way until I caught a miracle card at the end but I ignored them
thinking it was just sour grapes.
     But then the card I needed didn't come although I had bet heavily
assuming it would. Then worse when I got my card showing a small flush or
straight someone else would have a bigger one. I couldn't quit. I was
still getting good start cards and was sure my luck had changed. I kept
ordering racks of chips at a thousand dollars each. I had two thousand in
front of me when the man next to me suggested I get even more chips so if
I got a great hand  I could bet the limit. He was a winner so I took his
advice and ordered two thousand more. I thought I had finally got the
miracle. I was dealt an ace and king of hearts and when the three card was
dealt face up there was a queen and jack of hearts and a low club I
couldn't see how I could lose. If I got any ten I would have the highest
possible straight and any heart would give me the best flush. I bet the
maximum and was glad to get callers. The next card was an ace of clubs. I
bet the maximum again and was amazed when the man to my right raised. I
just called thinking he must have an ace too and didn't want to chase out
the other players. They also reluctantly called. The last card was a ten
of clubs. I made my perfect straight and bet five hundred. The other
players dropped out but the man on my right raised. I looked at the cards
and suddenly realized he may have made a flush so just called. My worst
fear was realized when he turned over a jack and queen of clubs. He had
two pair on the flop and was betting on getting a full house or club
flush.
     I had less than a hundred in front of me and ordered another rack
cursing my bad luck but the dealer said I would have to talk to the pit
boss as I had reached my limit.
     I went to him and begged for another thousand saying I would play
more carefully but he said according to my bank I only had $23,000.0 and
they had no idea how many other checks I had written. I showed him my
check book showing I still had money but his only concession was to say
that there would be no charge for my room. That was little consolation
since I had only slept in it for a few hours. I had signed a blank check
for the credit line which he said they had already processed.
     The experience had drained me. I went to my room and slept for twelve
hours then started home.
     I went to my bank the next day and found I had only a little over two
thousand. Just food and rent would have me broke in two months.
     I thought that fifty thousand was cheap for killing my husband, loser
that he was, and went to Gary to see if he could get any more money from
the insurance company or driver.
     He said, "No way. We got the policy limit and the driver has no
money. Besides you have signed a release agreeing to settle for the fifty
K."
     "Oh God. I lost $20,000.00 in Vegas. I'll be broke in two months. I
just can't spend the rest of my life flipping burgers."
     He looked at me closely. I looked a lot better now with my new
clothes, hairdo, and proper make-up. Then he said, "Don't worry. I won't
let you starve. I'll try to find you a better job and maybe loan you some
money. Meanwhile why don't I take you out to dinner to make you feel
better.
     He showed me the good life. He took me to a great restaurant where
everyone knew him and then out dancing where I saw my first movie star.
     When he took me home I asked him up for a night cap. I was
embarrassed I could only offer him a beer but he said that was fine and
took off his coat and tie obviously planning on staying for awhile.
     I assumed he would want to sleep with me which I thought I owed to
him and besides it had been four months since I had been laid and I had
become used to having sex at least four times a week. He told me to join
him on the couch where he kissed me. He was a great kisser and it felt
wonderful to be hugged by a man again. I made no objection when he
unzipped the back of my dress and pulled it off my shoulders then pulled
down my strapless bra to kiss and nibble on my nipples. I put my hand on
his dick to find it was hard and got up to let my dress slide to the floor
and take off the bra. He pulled down my panties as I stood between his
legs and then he did a wonderful thing. He kissed my belly-button then let
his tongue slide down until it went into my slit to flutter against my
clitoris. No-one had ever done that to me before. Although I had sucked my
husbands cock to get him hard he had never offered to suck me. It felt
wonderful. I began shuddering in excitement. I knew his dick was huge from
feeling it and I wanted it inside me. I knelt between his legs to unbuckle
his belt and unzip his pants then when he lifted I slid his pants and
shorts down his legs then began licking and sucking his dick until he
pulled me up to sit on his lap and bury that wonderful penis in my pussy.
He lasted a long time and I had an orgasm better than anything I had ever
had.
     He dated me two or three times a week always taking me to great
places and always with great sex afterwards. He seemed pleased I was
willing to suck his dick until he came in my mouth and was willing to try
any variation of sex even butt-fucking which was painful considering the
size of his penis.
     I noticed he never gave me a choice about where we would go or how we
made love but it didn't bother me since the sex was great and I always
enjoyed where we went. The best time was when he bought me a new sexy
dress and took me to the Academy Awards since a producer client gave him
tickets. We didn't have great seats but it was still wonderful to be
surrounded by all the movie stars I had read so much about in the fan
magazines and tabloids. I was so grateful when we got back to my apartment
I did a strip-tease for him then sucked his dick until he was drained.
     I kept looking for a job but had no luck and he said he hadn't found
anything for me either. Actually I spent more time working out and playing
tennis at the health club he owned an interest in because he loved my firm
body and I wanted to keep it that way.
     Finally I went broke and asked him if I could borrow some money from
him to pay my rent. To my delight he said that wasn't necessary. We got
along and I should just move in with him and if it worked out we could be
married. It wasn't a marriage proposal but it was close and it solved all
my problems. The "if it worked out" part seemed like a threat but I was
sure I could make him happy.
     I was in a furnished apartment so we just loaded my stuff in his car
and mine and I followed him to his house realizing that for some reason he
had never taken me there before.
     We drove up in the hills and came to a huge iron gate that opened
slowly when he did something in his car. I thought the house was
beautiful. It was brick with a huge living room and rec room that allowed
you to enter the pool and swim under a glass wall to the larger pool
outside. I was really impressed and said, "God you must be rich." 
     "Not really. In this town you aren't rich until you are a
billionaire. My Dad built this place during the forties when land and
construction was still cheap."
     We hung my things in his huge walk-in closet. There was plenty of
room because all he had in it was five dark suits. I found out later he
had a few casual clothes in drawers but hardly ever wore them.
     After my things were put away I found I was not just going to be able
to lie around in the lap of luxury. He said that since I was there he
would no longer need the housekeeping service. He gave me the list of
duties he had made up for the service. It seemed like a lot of work. The
house was to be dusted and vacuumed daily and the sheets changed because
he hated sleeping on wrinkled sheets. The floors not in carpet were to be
waxed weekly or as needed and the windows washed weekly. To the list he
added that he wanted dinner on the table at seven unless he called to say
we would be eating out and that there was a menu in the kitchen of his
favorite foods and the days he wanted them.
     Then he took me on a tour of the house ending at his office. He just
opened the door to let me look in and said, "This is my office. You aren't
to go in there. I am kind of messy and have important papers lying around.
I don't want you to move things around because I know where everything
is."
     Then he took me out to dinner where an actor I recognized from TV
stopped at our table to say hello. I was really impressed and asked Gary,
"Gee you know producers and actors. Do you think you might be able to get
me in the movies?"
     "I doubt it. There are a million actresses out there as pretty as you
but if you are good I may give it a try."
     Again there was the threat. I wasn't sure what he meant by "good."
     At dinner he said we would have an engagement dinner party at our
house next Saturday and he would arrange for the caterers. Engagement put
me that much closer to marriage. I think I embarrassed him by jumping up
to hug and kiss him.
     That night we made love. I followed his instructions to slowly remove
my clothes then kiss him down his chest and stomach then sucking his penis
until he had me get on my hands and knees so he could fuck me doggy style.
Toward the end he began spanking the sides of my buttcheeks as he thrust.
It stung but his dick in me let me ignore the pain to have an orgasm.
     When he came he flopped onto his back and said, "How was that for
you?"
     "Why did you spank me? It was strange to have pain and pleasure at
the same time."
     "I was trying to get you to pump faster. Besides it is exciting to
spank that cute round butt."
     "Well I don't like it. It reminds me of the pain and humiliation when
my Dad spanked me."
     "Did it help you be a better girl?"
     "Yes but I never liked him. He scared me. You aren't thinking of
spanking me if you get angry are you?"
     "We should never know because you aren't going to make me mad. Are
You?"
     "No. You know I want you to love me."
     It bothered me that he left that possibility but I couldn't think of
any reason to make him mad.
     He told me to meet him at the office at noon the next day and we
would have lunch and do some shopping.
     We had a nice lunch  then he took me to Frederick's of Hollywood. We
went to a dressing room where he had the sales girl bring in gobs of
teddies, tiny bikini panties and transparent bras. I had always been
modest but when I said I was embarrassed he just said, "Relax. Everyone
does this."
     The sales girl seemed nonchalant so I relaxed a little even though
sometimes I was stark naked when she came in. I was extra embarrassed
though when after helping me put on a teddie that was barely wide enough
to cover my slit she touched my pussy and said, "This would look better if
she didn't have so much hair."
     I blushed as Gary said, "You are right. We will take care of that."
     When she left at his request for some thong bathing suits I said,
"Don't you want my opinion on these things?"
     "No. They aren't for you. They are for me."
     Before we left he bought a spandex cocktail dress for the party. It
was skin tight. You could see the protrusion from my nipples and even my
pubic mound. The top just came around my back under my armpits to show the
tops of my boobs and the skirt was so short it barely covered my ass. I
whispered, "God Gary. It is so short my ass will show if I bend over."
     "Don't be silly. The sales girls' ass doesn't show."
     That was true but only because she bent her knees to lower herself. I
would just have to remember to follow her example.
     Finally he bought a couple of pairs of shoes with five inch
heels.They forced me to walk on my toes and it was hard to keep my
balance. When I complained he just said that I would get used to them and
they made my legs look great.
     When we got home he led me to the bedroom and threw a sheet over the
bedspread then told me to get undressed so he could trim my pussy hair. I
told him I could do it but he said he wanted to do it so it would be just
the way he wanted.
     He folded a pillow to put under my butt then pulled my legs apart. He
used the beard trimmer to shorten the hair then began using the shaver. it
vibrated which excited me. He must have realized the effect it was having
as he pulled the lips tight to shave because every now and then he would
spread my pussy lips to let the side of the shaver vibrate directly on my
clit. He kept teasing me letting it vibrate on my clit only to remove it
to shave some more just as I was nearing orgasm. finally he finished
shaving and just rested it on my clit until he could tell by my pulsating
tummy and moans that I was in orgasm. he replaced the shaver with his
tongue and then buried his dick in it. I had multiple orgasms which had
never happened to me before.
     When I recovered I got up and saw my pussy in the mirror. He hadn't
just trimmed it. It was perfectly bald. It hadn't been that way since I
was nine. I said, "God. You took all the hair. I have never felt so
naked."
     "Good. I like you naked."
     "Yeah but it seems so vulnerable now and sensitive too. I can feel
the slightest breeze. It may make me feel constantly horny."
     "Good. I want you constantly horny."
     He loved my new naked pussy. He got me super horny by tickling it
with feathers, licking it, and running ice cubes over it until I was
begging him to fuck me.
     He told me that from then on I could wear anything I wanted during
the day but when he came home he wanted me in the lingerie.
     The party was nice. He just asked his four law partners and their
wives over. The caterers prepared the food, served it and cleaned up
afterward so I didn't have to do a thing.
     During the drinks before dinner Gary must not have told them the
reason for the party because he had me stand up and announced, "Gentlemen
and ladies I want to present my fiancee." He had me hold out my hand and
slid a big diamond ring on my finger. then he said, "Make a few turns so
they can see how beautiful you are." By then I had become used to the
dress even though he had insisted I wear no underwear and made turns
feeling like a super model. That illusion was ruined when one of the men
said, "She has a fine ass." and another said, "Great tits too. the third
said, "I think her tiny waist is what makes her tits and ass look so
good." The fourth man just nodded in agreement. My pride disappeared. Now
I felt more like a stripper than a model.
     I was glad when dinner was served to be able to hide most of my body
from their prying eyes that made me feel naked.
     After dinner the men gathered to smoke cuban cigars and sip brandy so
I joined the women. We kind of quizzed each other and I felt an instant
kinship with Meg and Trish since like me they had come from a middle
income family and had gone to public schools while Audrey and Buffy had
gone to private schools and acted superior. They seemed appalled as we
giggled over the beer parties we had gone to in high school.
     The men had pulled chairs around our coffee table and I noticed
Gary's snifter was empty so I went over to him to see if he wanted more. I
was shocked and embarrassed when he said, "Sure Honey. Just bring over the
bottle." while sliding his hand under my dress to pat my bare bottom. I
hurried off blushing to get the bottle which I  leaned over and put on the
table out of his reach.
     I went back to the women only to blush more when Audrey said with a
note of disgust. "You should wear panties with that dress. When you bent
over I could see your pussy."  I suddenly realized in my agitation I had
forgotten to bend my knees. Buffy made it worse by saying, "You shouldn't
let him pat your bare ass in public. That is demeaning."
     I didn't know what to say. Meg saved me by saying, "I have to go to
the bathroom. Why don't you show me where it is."
x    At the bathroom she said, "Are you sure you want to marry Gary? You
must know by now what a control freak he is. I bet he picked out that
dress just so he could embarrass you by reaching under it."
     I was angry at Gary for embarrassing me but I ended up defending him.
"He picked out the dress because he thinks I have a good figure and wants
me to show it off so he can be proud and he loves my butt. He pats it a
lot. I'll ask him to do it only when we are alone."
     "You may ask but he'll do what he wants. I knew his first wife. He
made her life hell. He won't be satisfied until you are his total slave."
     That was news to me. I had never thought to ask if he had been
married before and he had never mentioned it. "I didn't know I was to be
his second wife. Did he divorce her?"
     "No. She was mysteriously killed when she fell off a cliff. I
wouldn't be surprised if he had pushed her."
     "You can't be serious. He has never done anything mean to me."
     "Well she could be a little bitchy but don't be surprised if those
pats on your butt turn into spanks."
     I didn't tell her that had already happened because up to then I
considered it just part of the sex.
     We went back to the party. The women had joined the men and shortly
after that they went home.
     When we were alone I said, "Please don't pat my butt in public. It
embarrasses me."
     I expected an apology but he just said, "Come on. It didn't hurt you
and it made the guys jealous of me. I like that."
     Maybe I should have pursued it and demanded an apology but then he
went to his knees to pull up my skirt to lick my pussy. It felt so good it
seemed to more than make up for the embarrassment.
     The next day I told him I was meeting Meg and Trish to go shopping.
He said, "Okay. Here is a hundred dollars for lunch and whatever but don't
buy any clothes. I buy your clothes."
     We had a good time trying on clothes and looking at jewelry but I
didn't buy anything. Finally Meg picked out a blouse and said, "You should
buy this. the color is perfect for you and it is cut low enough to please
Gary."
     I said, "I don't think so." although I did like it. When she kept
insisting I finally admitted, "Gary wants to buy all my clothes."
     She said triumphantly, "I told you he would demand control. With his
taste you will soon be looking like a hooker. Has he thrown away your old
clothes?"
     "No. Well he did throw away my old underwear but it wasn't as pretty
as the stuff he bought for me. I gave my old clothes to Goodwill since
they were cheap."
     Well before long you probably won't get to wear underwear and will be
like his first wife moving very carefully to keep from flashing her boobs
and ass in the micro-skirts and half shirts he likes. Come to think of it
he already has you not wearing underwear. Remember the party?"
     "No that was special. That dress showed bulges from underwear. I am
wearing underwear now."
     "Prove it."
     I looked around to see no-one was near and briefly jerked up my skirt
to show my pretty blue underwear.
     "Well I guess that is underwear although all it hides is your slit.
Has he hurt you yet?"
     "No. He has been wonderful. He is fantastic in bed. He gave me my
first multiple orgasms and he apologized for patting my ass at the party."
I had decided the fact he had licked my pussy was an apology since he had
told me he didn't like doing it and it would be a special reward.
     She said thoughtfully, Well maybe he has changed or else you just
aren't giving him an excuse."
     I didn't reply although I hadn't given him an excuse. She spotted a
blouse she wanted and the matter was dropped.
     A few days later he got an excuse. I had been shopping and going to
the health club so much I had neglected my dusting. He came home happy
since he had won a trophy playing golf but when he started to put it on
the mantle he noticed the dust.
     I could hardly believe his reaction. He got red in the face and
yelled, "Why in the hell is this mantle filthy. I won't live in filth!"
     He frightened me and I ran to get the dust rag. I was so nervous I
accidentally knocked a vase off the mantel. It landed on the padded rug
and was not broken but he had a fit. "You clumsy bitch! That vase is
valuable and has been in my family for generations!"
     I picked it up carefully and held it out to him saying nervously.
"It's alright. It isn't cracked or anything. I'm sorry."
     He calmed down but then said, "Sorry doesn't make it. You were lucky
it landed on the rug. If it had hit the hearth it would be in a million
pieces. You have been a naughty girl, Laura and naughty girls are
spanked."
     God it was just as Meg had predicted. I whined, "No. You can't. I
won't let you. I'll call the police."
     "Fine. If you won't let me discipline you when you are wrong you can
just get out."
     He dragged me through the front door and locked it. I was just
wearing my little lace teddie that made me seem more than naked. I sat on
the step crying desolate at the thought of being out there with no money
or any place to go. I began to think I was stupid. I had not run away from
home when Dad spanked me and that had just been a shitty trailer house.
     I timidly knocked on the door and when he answered it I said, "You
are right. It was all my fault. If I had dusted like I should have this
wouldn't have happened. I deserve to be spanked."
     He just said, "Good for you. I am glad you have come to your senses."
and held the door open.
     He decided to add more humiliation. Although the teddie bared my ass
completely he had me take it off to be spanked totally naked. As I took it
off I watched him slide the belt out of his pants. I sobbed realizing he
looked just like my Dad doing it and those spankings had been done on my
clothes which still hurt. I couldn't imagine how it would feel on naked
skin.
     When I was naked he told me to go over to the back of the couch. This
was also like Dad. I leaned over it to grip the seat cushions. That was
not what he wanted. He pulled me back so my arms were folded on the top of
the couch and I rested my head on them. He seemed to want the preparations
to last. He pushed down on my back to make my ass tilt up then pulled my
legs apart. I realized my pussy was exposed when he cupped it in his hand
and said, "Are you ready? Would it be easier for you if you were tied?"
     The idea of being tied and helpless really scared me. I sobbed "No.
Don't tie me. I am ready."
     He stepped to my side and I heard a "Whap!" followed instantly by a
sharp sting on my butt cheeks. I raised my head to gasp at the pain and he
waited until I let it back down on my arms before the second and then the
third. On the fourth I found it was not just my butt that would suffer. He
moved closer and when the "Whap!" and sting hit my butt it was
instantaneously followed by a sting on my stomach just above my pussy when
the tip came around. Then he made it circle my thighs before going up
again and began to hit faster so new stings blended in with the old. I
don't know how many times he hit me I was in too much agony to count but
the last one made me jerk upright and scream when the tip dug in to my
slit.
     Then he did an amazing thing. He hugged me and said almost in tears,
"I am sorry I had to hurt you. I love you. Please don't make me hurt you
again." He picked me up and carried me to bed then got some soothing
lotion he caressed on all my red places. He continued to apologize and
although I had been the one hurt I began to feel guilty for causing him so
much anguish. I caressed his head and said, "It's alright. I'll try to be
better." 
     I was exhausted from the spanking and fell to sleep while enjoying
the caresses of his lotion filled hands.
     I woke up early and went to the bathroom to see how much damage had
been done to my body in the mirrored wall. I could hardly believe it. I
couldn't find even a small bruise. No-one would believe the agony I
suffered. Even my Dad's spanking on my clothes had left bruises. Later on
I remembered my Dad had hit the same place over and over with his thick
cowboy belt. Gary had hit all over with a dress belt.
     I slipped back into bed but he woke up and said, "Are you alright?"
     I said, "I am fine. There isn't any bruises."
     He said, "Good. I am glad you weren't hurt." and went back to sleep.
     But I was hurt. At the time it seemed pure agony. I began to wonder
if I had exaggerated the pain somehow. I fell back asleep while still
wondering.
     I woke up to a pleasant feeling then found I was lying on my back
with my legs spread and he was licking the lips of my pussy. I caressed
his head letting him know I was awake and he spread the lips with his
thumbs to let his tongue flutter on my clit. I was instantly excited and
took my hand off his head to join my other one to pull and pinch my
nipples. I was already in orgasms when he slid up my body to fuck me while
I kissed him greedily.
     When he came and laid on me breathing deeply as his penis slowly
softened inside me the memory of the pain receded and I thought if this
was the reward for enduring a spanking it was well worth it.
     He was nice to me all the next week he even gave me a credit card
with the reminder I was not to spend more than a thousand per month. I
must have convinced him I would be submissive because he said we would fly
to Vegas on the weekend to be married. We would have a honey moon in the
caribbean when he finished a big case he was working on.
     He had me sign a pre-nuptial agreement at his office so it could be
notarized. I only read far enough to see that I would get five hundred
thousand if he divorced me. It wasn't until much later I read all of my
copy and found if I divorced him I would only get five thousand.
     We just had a simple ceremony in one of their chapels with Meg and
her husband as maid of honor and best man. Then we took in a show and Gary
and her husband gave us a thousand dollars to gamble with.  This time I
played much more conservatively and won three thousand I shared with Meg
when she went broke at the crap table.
     Later we went to a strip show. Gary and Mike clapped and cheered
along with the other men while Meg and I were just disgusted. I had no
idea that girls now got completely naked and 
spread their legs to open the lips enough to see inside. "Meg said, "What
do you guys like about this. Pussies aren't pretty. This should just be
for gynecologists."
     Gary answered, "Men like this because it proves women will do
anything for money and applause."
     Mike agreed saying, "Yeah and there is no limit. Look at all the
movie actresses that get naked for millions of people when they already
have more money than they can spend."
     I suddenly realized I was no better than the girls on stage. I had
done things I would never have considered doing for my first husband like
masturbating while he watched and even letting him take polaroids of me
doing it and of course allowing the spanking.     
     We had left on friday and went back Sunday night exhausted from so
little sleep between shows and gambling.
     The next day Gary called to say we would have a pool party on
Saturday and to call the caterers to have cold-cuts, breads and assorted
canapes to be delivered about one PM. and to restock the liquor cabinet. I
did that and spent the rest of the week making sure the house was
spotless. 
     On Saturday Gary mixed some mix for Bloody Marys and made a couple of
pitchers of Martinis to put in the freezer to get them ice cold. I brought
out a couple of bikini bathing suits and asked him which I should wear. He
said, "Neither. Put on the thong bikini I bought you at Frederick's."
     "You must be kidding. It leave my whole butt bare and barely covers
my slit and nipples."
     "Get real. Everybody is wearing them. Mike said Meg bought a really
skimpy bikini for the party. You have a great body. Show it off."
     I put it on reluctantly and then was made to look even more whorish
when he insisted I wear the five inch heels. At the last minute he
loosened the bra strap so my boobs moved with every step.
     He lied. The other girls were wearing skimpy bikinis but at least
half their butts were covered and the crotches went from thigh to thigh.
It was too late to change. They had already seen me by the time they had
removed their robes. Trish said I looked great but Meg said, "I told you
he would have you dressed like a hooker."
     I felt embarrassed and drank a couple of Martinis to give me courage.
The canapes were wasted. Everyone concentrated on drinking especially when
Gary said, "If anyone gets too drunk to drive we have plenty of room for
you to stay overnight."
     Thanks to the hot sun everyone got tipsy early. Even Audrey and Buffy
loosened up and giggled a lot.
     When a song Meg liked came on the stereo she jumped up and grabbed my
arm to dance. I guess we are both exhibitionists because we grinned at
each other when the men began to yell encouragement. We began doing bumps
and grinds like the girls in the show and to our amazement Audrey and
Buffy joined us.
     At the end of the song  we ran to our chairs giggling at the applause
from the men.
     Then Gary yelled, "Hey Laura. We are getting dry. Bring us another
pitcher of Martinis."
     For some reason I decided to get fancy and brought it out on a silver
tray balanced on one hand as I tottered in the heels. Just as I got to
Mark someone jumped in the pool and splashed water on my hot skin. I
jumped and the pitcher landed on Mark's stomach. Actually he may have
caught it before it hit his stomach because he was holding it in both
hands when I caught my balance. His whole front was wet from it.
     Gary ran over and said, "Jesus Laura. You could have killed poor Mark
with that pitcher. I think he must have winked at Mark or something
because when he said, "You are hurt aren't you Mark?"
     Mark said, "Huh?" then "Oh yeah it almost knocked the wind out of
me."
     Gary said, "Laura. What happened the last time you got clumsy?"
     I could hardly believe he would want them to know. I mumbled, "You
spanked me." That wasn't good enough. He said, "Louder." I blushed as I
said loudly. "You spanked me."
     Gary said loudly, "Hey gang. She almost killed Mark, Should she get a
spanking?"
     To my horror everyone yelled "Yeah!" Audrey yelled, "Get those buns
red." and Buffy giggled and said, "Oh wow. This will be like the
sorority." Only Meg remained silent.
     I grabbed his arm and said, "Please don't do this to me."
     He said,"Chill out. You heard them I can't back out now. I won't hurt
you."
     He led me over to a lawn chair and had me bend over it to hold onto
the arms. I looked up to see I was facing the reflective glass that was
like a mirror. Everyone was staring at me excitedly. To my horror they got
up from their chairs to have a closer look.
     Gary slid out his belt and then there was a light sting on my butt.
He hadn't lied he never hit hard but the real pain came from the
humiliation as guys yelled out the count of the lashes and Audrey and
buffy became cheer leaders chanting, "Hit her again. Harder, harder."
endlessly. He made it last a long time by pausing between spanks and
hitting me thirty times according to their loud count.
     When he dropped his belt to the floor I ran to our bedroom sobbing
not noticing till then that my bra had come loose and for at least part of
the time I had been topless. Meg came in shortly afterward and said, "Are
you alright?"
     "Yes. He didn't hit hard. It was just a little sting and now my butt
is red."
     "I know he didn't hit hard. That isn't the point. He humiliated you.
If you want to call the cops I will testify for them and divorce court."
     "Oh no. I couldn't talk about it in court. It might make Court TV. It
would be too embarrassing. besides if I divorce him what will happen to
me. I can't get a good job."
     "Shit if that happened to me I would flip burgers the rest of my life
rather than put up with it. It is going to get worse you know and I don't
want to be around to witness it."
     "I can't divorce him. I signed a pre-nuptial agreement. I would only
get five thousand."
     "I give up. I am out of here. Allowing him to do that for money makes
you a whore. If you change your mind call me."
     She left and I continued to hide in the bedroom not knowing how to
face them. Gary came in with a Martini I chugged down in three gulps. He
said, "Come outside. Everyone wants to know how you are."
     I said, "I am too embarrassed to face them."
     "Hell. They think you are marvelous. Come on let's go."
     He led me out by my arm. To my surprise they stood up and cheered as
if giving a standing ovation for a star. I blushed but somehow it made me
feel a lot better than Meg's sympathy.
     Mark brought me a drink and said, "You were great. You never tried to
get away." That had never occurred to me. I realized if I had run and hid
I could have at least got my spanking in privacy.
     I went to the women and when Trish asked how I was I told her I felt
totally embarrassed. Audrey said, "Hell that was nothing. You should have
gone through hell week with Buffy and me." Buffy said, "Yeah. We were
spanked totally nude and later on we found a boyfriend of a sister
videotaped the whole thing. We are probably the main feature at all the
frat's stag parties." Trish said, "You were brave though. I would probably
have tried to run and hide."
Audrey admitted that they had been held for their spankings and might have
run off otherwise.
     I began feeling better about myself. No-one seemed to think I should
have protested and I was just told I was beautiful and brave. I began
drinking some more. Pretty soon the women were dancing again. Mark yelled
let's have a dance contest. I'll chip in a hundred for the winner."
     Audrey said, "Oh sure. You just want to see us all naked."
     Mark laughed and said "Only if you want to win."
     Nothing more was said so we continued to drink and dance while the
guys huddled together.
     The Mark yelled. Here is the deal. Two hundred for winner, one
hundred for second and fifty each for third and fourth. We are going to
judge on a point system one to ten so none of you can know if your
husbands voted for you or not.
     Audrey yelled, "I'll take your money." While buffy said "Not first
place" and Trish said "No that's mine." I was surprised. They certainly
didn't need the money it had to just be the idea of competition. I noticed
that I was the only one to go to my husband to see if he approved. Gary
said, "Hell yes. I will really be proud if you win."
     Trish suggested we all dance at once so no-one could change their
mind. 
     They agreed with us doing two songs to see who was in the best shape.
     We danced watching each others moves. I was the first to take off my
top rationalizing that they had already seen them anyway. and the other
girls quickly followed to bring on cheers. Trish was the first to untie
the bows of her bottom and slide it through her crotch. another cheer went
up. I hesitated embarrassed about my bald pussy but then I noticed
everyone had most of the hair cut off and I took off mine. I suddenly
realized that we were all naked in the first part of the first song. The
strip was over. Now there was a lot of time for the tease. the applause
died now that we were naked and doing the same steps. I remembered a move
I had seen at the strip club and raised my arms and waggled my shoulders
to make my tits swing. There was a new cheer and Buffy began jumping up
and down to make hers bounce. Trish one-upped us all by grabbing her tits
and slapping them together to make loud slaps in time to the beat.
     Buffy did the splits then leaned back to show her pussy gaping open.
Then Audrey turned her back to them opened her legs and grabbed her ankles
to waggle her shoulders to  swing her tits   I remembered another move
from the strip joint and laid on the floor with my butt toward them with
my legs spread to pump up and down. That brought applause but then I heard
a cheer and saw Buffy and Audrey facing each other and waggling their
shoulders to make her tits slap against the others.
     Trish finished the second song by sitting with her legs spread and
spanking her pussy with her hand.
     When it ended we stood there awkwardly. I started to put my bottom
back on but Audrey stopped me saying, "It is too late for that."
     The guys added the scores and Mark said, "It is really close. Laura,
first. Trish, second, and Audrey and Buffy tied for third. We hugged each
other. There were no hard feelings. Audrey said I probably got extra
points for the spanking and Trish had made a fantastic impression by
spanking her pussy. The guys formed a line to give us kisses and hugs
along with fondling our tits and pussies.
     That started an orgy. First with just husbands and wives but then
with two girls sitting on a guys face and dick or two guys fucking a girl
doggy style while she sucked dick. I was on top of Mark when Bill pushed
me forward to jam his dick in my ass. That was just wild. I thought I
might cum forever. We ended the night in what they called a daisy chain.
While I sucked a dick he ate a girls pussy who was sucking another dick
and on around the circle. When that broke up we all went to bed with our
husbands, drunk and exhausted.
     We didn't wake up until about noon. I had a monster hangover and got
up to get both of us alka seltzers. I said, "Jesus I was drunk. I can't
believe I did all those things." 
     Gary said, "Yeah it did get pretty wild but everyone had a good time.
I can hardly believe those hoity toity bitches loosened up so much. I wish
I could have taken some pictures."
     Neither of us could feel guilty since we had both fucked and sucked
other partners.
     One thing bothered me. I said, "You have to promise you won't spank
me in front of others again. It makes me feel humiliated and childish like
a naughty six year old and I hate it."
     "Okay I will think of another way to punish you when you are bad."
     I couldn't think of another way but at least he had agreed not to
spank.
     The next day some men came to the house to install remote controlled
video cameras behind one- way glass in the rec room and living room.
     A few days later Buffy called she giggled and said, I guess you set a
bad example." Audrey and Steve came over to play cards and Audrey and I
got caught cheating. They gave us a spanking!"
     "Oh I'm sorry. That must have been terrible"
     "No. It was just a playful spanking like yours. It made us all horny.
We fucked for hours! I just called to thank you."
     I thought they were crazy then realized I would get no sympathy from
them if I did get spanked again.
     Later Trish called to ask me to lunch. After we had ordered she said
excitedly, "We found a great new way to fuck. I sit on his dick and he
spanks my butt while I go up and down. I got a great climax!"
     I admitted we had done that too and the spanking didn't seem so bad
while being fucked."
     "So bad? It just made it twice as thrilling. When we were done my
butt was all red and tingly but at the time it didn't hurt at all."
     "Yeah but it is a lot different just to be spanked. You feel terribly
humiliated."
     "I suppose but I may try it anyway. It makes a real Tarzan out of
Mike."
     This was embarrassing me so I changed the subject. "I called Meg but
she didn't call back."
     "Yeah I know. She is mad at you. Actually she is mad at all of us.
She is a real feminist and thought you were being hurt. We knew you
weren't really."
     "But I was hurt!"
     "Ah come on. Your butt was back to normal color when you came back."
     I said, "It did sting and it was really embarrassing to bend over
that chair with my bare buns showing."
     She laughed! "Give me a break. Your bare buns were out there all
day."
     I gave up and suggested we go shopping. I still had money from Vegas.
     I got home about six and as instructed changed into a filmy thong
panty and top. then checked the menu for dinner.
     He arrived later. I met him at the door and made a turn so he could
approve of my choice in lingerie.
     "He said, "You look beautiful baby, that's why I love you. I have
been thinking about what you said. You are right. It must be humiliating
to be treated like a naughty child. I have the solution. Open that box."
     He pointed to a long skinny box he had dropped on the entry table. I
opened it to see a neatly folded whip! I lifted it out by the handle and
six leather thongs unfolded to reach from my waist to my ankles.
     I had seen someone whipped in a pirate movie. It had been awful it
left bloody stripes on his back. I shuddered and said, "Oh no! You
wouldn't whip me. I'll bleed!"
     "No. The guy at the store said this was better than a belt because
the edge of a belt could cut. These have rounded edges and will only leave
welts if it is used super hard. It can be used all over your body so you
can be treated like an adult."
     I whimpered, No. Please! I couldn't stand it."
     "Hey. That is up to you. As long as you are good you won't be
whipped."
     He hung the whip on our bedroom wall so it was the first thing I saw
in the morning. It really encouraged me to be good. I kept the house
spotless and went to the gym everyday to make sure my body did not get
flabby since he had added another rule to keep good posture with my tummy
in and boobs out. It wasn't all work though. We went out for dinner and
dancing about three times a week just walking into places while other
people had to wait in lines for hours.
     Later he brought home a long rope with paddled leather wrist cuffs he
hung by the whip and then tortured me by pointing out how I could be hung
from the chandelier in the living room or the open beam in the rec-room.
     It scared me and I was very careful to please him even humiliating
myself by unzipping his pants to slide out his dick and suck it like a
cheap hooker in an alley.
     I am sure it frustrated him because he began making careful
inspections of the house and seemed disappointed when everything was
perfect. I loved it. A whole month went by with no problems. I found the
house was easy as long as I spent time everyday on it and I had plenty of
time for shopping, work-outs and nice lunches. He got nicer and even let
me pick out some of my clothes with the proviso that I would have to
return them if he didn't like them.
     At the end of the month after dinner he went to his office to pay
bills. Shortly after he came into the kitchen where I was loading the
dishwasher. He tried to look angry but he was also excited as he said,
"What did I tell you when I gave you a credit card?"
     "You said I could charge up to one thousand per month. Why?"
     "Look at this."
     He handed me a statement with a balance due of $1250.50. I'll never
forget that amount. It brought about the moment I had feared.
     I said fearfully, "There has to be a mistake. I am sure I didn't
spend that much." Actually I couldn't be sure. The stores we shopped at
did not put price tags on things and sometimes I never asked.
     I went down through the bill amazed at the figures. The lunch and
drinks I had paid for Trish, Audrey and Buffy had cost over three hundred
after adding in their 15% tip and taxes. The cute little leather short-
shorts I guessed at a hundred were three hundred and a silk blouse was
four fifty. The rest was for lunches and ear-rings. I said lamely, "I am
sorry. I have money. I'll pay you."
     He said sternly, "This isn't about money. It is about trust. You
promised you wouldn't spend over a thousand. You know what that means.
Don't you?"
     "Oh God. You want to whip me. Please don't. I am so frightened. I
don't want to be scarred!"
     "I won't scar you damnit. You know you deserve this. Even a dumb
blonde like you could have kept the receipts to add them. Admit it!"
     It was true. I was ashamed to be so careless and I remembered that
the whip was no worse than the belt. I mumbled, "I guess I deserve it."
     He seemed relieved I had committed myself and said, "Good Girl. I
will give you a chance to make it easy. Wait here."
     I stood there as he ran out really frightened now that I was
committed. I could grab a robe and run away but to what? I had very little
money and my only friends were mainly his. Meg wouldn't talk to me and the
other girls I was sure would just think I was cowardly. 
     He came back to hand me some computer paper and said, "You want to be
an actress. I have made a scenario that excites me. If you can do it
convincingly I will just hit you lightly. If not you will still be sore
tomorrow."
     I began reading a script I guess, although there was little dialogue.
I was to walk into the rec-room where I would see the wrist cuffs hanging
from the beam. On seeing them I was to take off my clothes and reach up to
hang on to the ropes. Then he was to come in and I was to let go of the
ropes and kneel in front of him to say, "Please whip me. It will make us
both excited." then I would go to the cuffs where he would buckle them on.
Pull up my arms and begin whipping me.
     I said, "I think I am too frightened to be convincing.
     "Okay. We will do it the hard way."
     I was sure that whip would be awful used hard and I quickly said.
"No, Let me try."
     "Okay. Go put on a dress and the high heels."
     I went to our bedroom and grabbed the first dress I saw afraid if I
delayed I may lose my nerve. When I went back down the rope was hanging
over the beam and he had taken off his clothes just wearing a towel around
his waist.
     As instructed I slowly took off my clothes staring at the cuffs the
whole time. Then I went to them and reached up to pull on them and slowly
turned to face the door. He whispered. "Great. Your fear just looks like
excitement."
     Then he walked in. I let go of the ropes and knelt by his legs saying
my line but he made me do it over and over not happy until I held his legs
to press my boobs into his thighs to look up at his face to say
breathlessly, "Please Whip me. It will make me so excited." I had muffed
the line but he was happy with it and pulled me to my feet to lead me over
to the cuffs. He buckled them tightly then went to the side to pull down
on the rope until I was stretched then tied it to the faucet I used to
water the pool plants.
     He came back to me and turned me to face the mirror-like wall. The
girl in the mirror looked so helpless but her moans of fear only looked
like excitement as her breasts heaved in heavy breathing.
     He began whipping my back below my shoulders. He hadn't lied. There
was just a light sting as it "Snapped!" on my back. He methodically worked
down aiming carefully to make sure there were no white areas above. The
"Snaps! seemed louder but it didn't sting much worse. He finished at my
thighs just below my ass.
     He kissed me then turned me around to start on the front of my
thighs. They protected my pussy and I was amazed to find the stings were
no worse although the whip was a blur coming in to me. He continued
upwards and incredibly it was exciting me. Even the ones to my boobs
weren't bad. He dropped the whip staring at my sweat soaked red body
shuddering and panting then  pressed against my front to unbuckle the
cuffs.
     I don't know why I did the next thing. It wasn't in the script. When
the buckles were loose I slid down his body and pulled off his towel to
capture his throbbing hard dick in my mouth and sucked avidly until he
grunted and shot cum in to my throat. He picked me up and carried me to
our bed where he licked me until I came and by then his dick was hard
enough to fuck me again.
     When he came he said, "Jesus. I am dry. Go get us a drink."
     I went out naked and made two large scotches and water from the ice
water I had set out for his before dinner drink.
     When I went back to the bedroom he had turned the lights up bright. I
paused to look at myself in the mirror. The redness had already faded to a
light pink and there were no bruises.
     He said, "You might make a great actress. Going down on me at the end
was inspired."
     I didn't want to admit the whipping had excited me so I said, "I was
grateful you didn't hit hard. See. The red is almost gone."
     "That is a great whip. It looked like it really hurt."
     I didn't want him to think he should have hit harder and said, "It
did hurt. I just knew it could be worse."
     "Well your debt is paid but the limit still applies."
     "I know. I will keep track of the receipts from now on."
     "God you were great. Your body never looked lovelier than it did
hanging like that. You should see it."
     "I did. I saw myself in the glass. I did look good. Didn't I?
     "You looked fantastic. I'll get the tape."
     I suddenly remembered the video cameras and knew he had taped the
whole thing. He came back to stick the tape into the VCR to rewind it
while our big screen TV warmed up. When he pushed "Play" There was just
the door for awhile then I walked through it to do my strip. He was right.
My trembling and fearful look could easily be interpreted as excitement.
     My asking for the whipping was repeated of course but he said,"When
get through editing this thing it will be perfect." I noticed that when he
got to my butt he began hitting harder and also my front. That was
strange. At the time it seemed no worse than the first one.
     I divorced myself from it and watched it as if the girl on the screen
was some stranger. It turned him on again and he fucked me doggy style so
we could watch my boobs dance under the whip as the nipples became long
and hard.
     We went to sleep and didn't wake up until the next morning. He took
the tape with him. I would have liked to see it again sure that I must be
mistaken. The gasps and moans and look on my face didn't seem to convey
the fact I was being hurt although the redness proved I was being hit.
     He was really happy with me. He called me to say to forget about
dinner since we were going to celebrate. He took me to one of the finest
restaurants then we went to Planet Hollywood to dance. He introduced me to
some actors and actresses and even a producer and director. He told
everyone I was a great actress and the producer said, "Why don't you pick
up a script and send me an audition tape." He didn't seem too serious and
left to talk to someone else. We had a ball and when we got home we fucked
our brains out. Gary was so tired he called in to cancel his morning
appointments.
     When he left I called the girls to invite them to lunch. I didn't
tell them about my whipping just our night out and that I had met a
producer and director. Audrey recognized the producer. "Oh yeah. I know
him. He makes a lot of action pictures. You know like Kung Fu with a lot
of tits and ass." All I noted was "a lot of pictures."
     On the way home he called me on my cellular phone, "Hi. I couldn't
get you at home. I feel like Hawaii food. Bill told me about this place.
he said it was a kick. Meet me at "Kona".
     He gave me the address and directions and I turned around to go to
it. As directed I stood at the entrance waiting for him ignoring the long
line. He arrived and gave his name to one of the two guards at the
entrance who talked on his walkitalki then waved us in. There was a
hundred dollar cover charge. I was given a grass skirt, well not really
grass it was just green strips of cellophane, and pointed to a door saying
Women while Gary was given a loincloth and pointed to the mens.
     It was a large room with a check room. It was full of women giggling
as they removed their clothes to put on the skirts then check their
clothes before leaving. I noticed most of them left bare breasted through
another door leading into the club. I decided to go with the minority and
left on my bra although it was nearly transparent. At the door I was met
by a waiter who asked the name of my date. He was wearing a loincloth like
the one given to Gary except it was black to show his status. I was led to
a table near the stage. I had never seen so many boobs of all sizes,
shapes and colors. The waitresses were also topless and when they bent
over the "Grass" parted to show their bare butts. I sat down at Gary's
table near the stage. As soon as I sat down Gary said, "Shit. Get rid of
the bra. It's not cool."
     None of the women around us was wearing one so I took it off.
being so naked must have released everyone's inhibitions because the men
were fondling boobs and I saw women with their hand inside loincloths.
     A waitress with yellow "Grass" came over to lean over with her boobs
inches from Gary's face and gave us a drink menu. To my surprise he lifted
one of her boobs in his hand and bounced it saying, "Cute boobs huh." I
expected her to slap him but she just giggled and suggested the house
specialty drink. Gary ordered it which came in a hollow  pineapple. It was
sweet but I knew it must be powerful from the warm feeling in my stomach. 
     There was a constant floor show with dancers doing the hula which
made their boobs jump  and the "Grass" to part to show shaved pussies
along with fire dancers and acrobatic acts. Gary was most interested in
looking around to see if he recognized anyone. I was fascinated by the
stage show.
     During the second drink Gary got playful and spread my "Grass" to
push my panties aside and play with my pussy. I grabbed his wrist but he
just said, "Relax. The table hides us." then he took my hand to push into
the top of his loincloth to fondle his hardening dick.
     When the waitress came for our dinner order he asked her a bunch of
questions about food as they grinned at my blushing face as she watched
his fingers digging at my crotch.
     Thankfully the food arrived and he removed his hand signalling I
could take mine off his dick.
     As he ate he said, "Isn't this place great?"
     "Well it's certainly different. I am surprised there are so many
uninhibited women."
     "He just grinned and said," You aren't in Kansas."
     Then he said, This gives me an idea. I think our next party will be a
luau."
     He waved a waiter over and said something in his ear I could not hear
because of the loud drums. He came back with a big sack full of the skirts
and loincloths.
     Gary was bored by the end of our dinner so called for a check which
he paid with three hundred dollar bills and we left.
     I followed him home. He waited for me at the door then said that
place made him horny so we went directly to bed.
     He went all out for the luau. buying a bunch of tiki torches, a big
half globe of metal to hold a fire, and a big half circle table to face
our sixty inch TV to show a tape he made by copying Hawaiian and Tahitian
dancers from several tapes onto one long tape. He even called the "Kona"
to get the ingredients of the drinks we had and called the caterers for
the meal.
     On the night of the party he told me just to wear the skirt which
barely covered my butt with no panties or bra. Thankfully when the girls
came and saw me topless they took off their bras too to ease my
embarrassment. Gary and I served the drinks which were almost pure booze
with a little fruit juices. Then he brought out four big pitchers of the
stuff so we wouldn't have to get up again. They loaded their plates from
the buffet and sat down to watch the dancers. Time went by with everyone
drinking steadily then the scene changed to naked native girls being
carried up a hill to be sacrificed to a volcano then a native girl being
whipped by pirates. I thought it was gross. Blood was dripping from her
back and boobs where the metal tip landed. I turned away but then looked
back when Trish next to me gasped and they began to clap. It was me!.
Almost lifesize taking off my clothes as I stared at the cuffs. I started
to jump up to turn it off but Gary grabbed my arm and said in my ear, "Sit
down and shut up or I will beat you bloody. I can show this tape to cops
who will agree you are turned on by whipping."
     It was professionally edited. Only the most convincing segment was
shown of me begging for the whipping. It was much longer than the original
with closeups and slow motions of the same lash. In spite of myself I
couldn't look away from it even the slow motion shots of the whip digging
into my boobs with my nipples growing but the worst was near the last with
a close-up slow motion shot of my pussy showing drops of juice from it
being shook loose as my body shuddered from the lash. When  he unbuckled
me and I slid downd his chest to pull off the towel and greedily take his
dick in my mouth. Trish Gasped and said in awe, "Jesus. The whipping
really turned her on."  I realized for the first time she was right. I had
denied it to myself but I was in orgasm as I slid down his chest. When I
was carried away my head had flopped back in exhaustion but it could have
been exhaustion from orgasms rather than pain.
     They sat there stunned until Mike said, "Fan-fucking-tastic!" Which
brought on cheers and applause. While they were still clapping Gary said,
"You are going up to the screen and offer to let them whip you. You know
they won't hit as hard as I will with a bat."
     I knew he would do it. I got up in front of them to hang my head and
say, "Gary said you could whip me if you want to."
     Gary pulled out the rope he had hidden under his bench to hold it up
and say, "Isn't she wonderful!"
     There was no doubt they wanted to, When gary threw the cuffs over the
beam guys jumped up to push the TV out of the way.
     Audrey came over to rip off my skirt while Buffy and Trish buckled
the cuffs on my wrists. Then Audrey said something to Gary and he ran off.
The guys started pulling my hands up by pulling down on the rope until I
was on tiptoes but Audrey yelled,"Higher" as she and Buffy brought over a
bench. Gary came back with two neckties and when my ankles were near the
top of the bench Audrey had Mike and Bill pull my ankles apart so she
could tie them to the ends of it.
     I realized in horror that now my thighs wouldn't protect my pussy and
began to cry. I had a little hope when Mike noticed and said, "She is
crying. Are you sure this is Okay?"
     Gary answered, "Pay no attention. She does that. I think she is
ashamed she gets off on this. She'll quit."
     Mike said, "Oh, Okay."
     Then Gary took two whips from a compartment in the TV and held them
up to say, "Okay. Girl boy. You can have five each."
     Buffy and Bill snatched the whips from his hands and got on each side
of me.
     I thought that at least with two at once it would be over fast and
two would feel like one but they took their time to aim and took turns. It
didn't even occur to them to hit my back. I felt a sharp sting on my butt
and just as it was subsiding a sting across my tummy so tight from the
stretch the thongs bounced off. The stings kept coming on my butt then
across my pubic bone fractions from my clit then circling each thigh with
the top thongs grazing my pussy lips I got all ten in that area. I was
grateful the non-whippers were calling out the count because the end was
in sight at thirty. 
     Trish and Mike took the whips and began hitting the same area until
Gary said, "Hey guys give her a break. Find new skin before she bleeds."
     The delay seemed to let the stings focus on my clitoris and in spite
of my fear I was getting excited.
     Mike began hitting lower on my thighs circling each one to let the
ends snap on the inner part while trish went up my stomach to bring a
cheer when my boobs jerked and stung.
     Audrey and Steve took the whips but Steve stood too close. When he
hit my back the ends came around to snap into the side of my right breast.
I screamed. But Audrey just said, "That got her attention." and back
handed my back to make the ends snap into my left breast to cause another
scream. They went to my butt and the ends snapped into my pussy to cause
another scream and another as it was hit again.
     Up until then I had just gasped so Audrey said, "We had better ease
up."
     The delay again let the stings converge on my clit and I found myself
nearing orgasm. They began hitting lighter but all six went to my nipples
or pussy jerking open the lips. I yelled in anguish, "Oh no! I'm cumming."
     Gary grabbed Audrey's whip and began swinging it up directly into my
pussy dragging the tips against my clit. I went nuts. My body began
convulsing as monster orgasms shattered me until I passed out.
     I didn't wake up until the next morning. 
     Gary asked, "How do you feel?
     "Oh God. I feel all tingly."
     I turned on the light and got up to look in the mirror saying in
wonder, "There are no marks!" I realized the tingling was just in my mind
when he said, "Yeah I know. Trish checked you after the orgy and said you
just looked as if you had a light sunburn."
     "I was sure I would be one big bruise."
     "Naw. They didn't hit hard. You missed a hell of an orgy. Audrey and
Buffy stood facing each other with their legs spread to uppercut each
others pussies and Trish stood with her hands on her head while the guys
hit her back, butt, boobs and pussy. Then we fucked ourselves senseless.
They were too exhausted to go home."
     "Oh shit! They are still here. How can I face them?"
     "Are you kidding. You are a hero. Audrey said that the only thing
exciting about the sorority spankings was getting naked for them. She said
she will owe you forever for introducing them to the whip. They all agreed
and asked where I bought them."
     I was dying of thirst so I got up to get something to drink. I
noticed all the pitchers were empty and was sure they would sleep late. I
found some bloody Mary mix and filled two large glasses to take back to
bed."
     He drank on it gratefully then I remembered my tape. "How do you know
the guy that made the tape didn't make a million copies."
     "He did a great job didn't he. The director who recommended him said
he was the soul of discretion. Beside he told me if he brought that tape
home his wife would kill him since she cries over a paper cut. My copy is
in my safe."
     I felt better then we drifted back to sleep.
     I woke up again about eleven and shortly after that Audrey came in
stark naked to look in the fridge as she said, "God. What was in those
drinks. With any luck I'll be dead by noon." She settled on a beer as I
answered a lot of vodka, gin, champagne and fruit juices."
     "If I ever see or smell another one I'll puke." I realized she was
feeling the same tingles I had because she was caressing her pussy as she
sat on the stool.
     The beer helped. She seemed to brighten up then said, "God. You were
fantastic. I would never be brave enough to be tied so I couldn't get away
if it got too bad."
     "I don't know. Maybe you girls are the brave ones. The first ten or
fifteen really hurts until something snaps and they just feel exciting.
Gary said you stood with your legs open while Buffy hit your pussy."
     "Yeah but I knew Buffy wouldn't hit hard because she knew I would hit
back harder."
     "But how about Trish?"
     "Yeah she was something else. Mike and Steve hit her back and butt
with belts while Gary and Bill hit her pussy and tits with the whips. Her
tits were bouncing all over and her pussy lips got jerked clear to her
thighs and all she did was gasp and try to stretch more. We are getting
whips but the guys promised they would not hit any harder than we want."
     The guys wandered in also naked then Buffy and finally Trish. They
all had terrible hangovers and I gave them aspirin and Bloody Marys.
     After drinking them they held out their glasses for more. then Trish
said, "You bastards were really mean. Look at me."
     We did to see little bruises on her tits and pussy where the tips had
dug in.
     Gary said, "Shit. You wanted it. All you had to do was cover yourself
with your arms."
     Trish giggled and said, "I must have been crazy. What in hell was in
those drinks."
     I told her and she agreed with Audrey that she would never drink one
again.
     I offered to make them breakfast but Audrey said, "God no. Just
looking at a greasy egg or bacon would make me puke."
     Just the thought sent Trish to the bathroom to kneel in front of the
toilet to heave and heave but when she came back she said, "I may live
now. I got rid of the poison."
     Audrey said, "I want to go home and lay on my float in the pool for
about a week." The others thought that was a good idea and everyone went
to the living room with the girls just putting on the robes they came over
in and stuffing their bras in the pockets while the guys just slipped on
their pants and T-shirts to carry the rest of their clothes.
     Gary came in to say, "Where is everybody?"
     I answered, "They were beat. They went home."
     "Good. I don't want them to know I taped last night. Would you like
to see it?"
xray "Yeah. I want to see if Trish was as brave as Audrey said."
     "She was something else."
     Watching my tape  re- awakened my excitement so We turned off the
tape to fuck and then laid back to watch the rest.
     Audrey and Buffy were sideways to the camera so you couldn't see the
whip actually hit their pussies but you could see they weren't hitting
hard. Gary agreed they weren't very hard but still made their cunts
squirm.
     He was right. Trish was something else. I wish I had checked her butt
because it must have been really bruised. Even though she was facing the
camera you could see the sides of her butt shudder from the belt and her
tits were almost flattened while her pussy lips were ripped open but her
only reaction was to stretch and moan as she pumped her hips to meet the
whip with an occasional plaintive, "Harder" until she sank to her knees in
orgasm to squeeze and stretch her tits as she dug at her pussy.
     Buffy and Audrey turned Gary around and both of them started licking
his huge hard dick and balls. They didn't seem to notice Bill and Steve
spanking their butts with the belts. Gary had a huge smile on his face and
said, "God. I loved those fourth generation rich bitches looking like two-
bit hookers." 
     Then Audrey got up to jump on Gary with her legs around his waist
while Buffy directed his dick into her pussy. Gary looked as if he was
having a heart attack when he came. From then on it was just general
fucking and sucking until they wandered off to bed.
     I said, "Jesus. The tabloids would pay a fortune for this."
     "Yeah but it wouldn't be worth losing their families as clients. I am
constantly bailing them out of trouble. I made half a mill just on their
brother's rape case."
     "Yeah. I read about that. How did you get him off?"
     "Hell I have half the cops in town on payroll. They told me it was
her third rape all by rich guys who paid her off to drop the charges and
the sperm sample got mysteriously lost. I convinced the jury that someone
else had raped her and she just picked him because he was rich. They
believed if he was really guilty he would have paid her off like the other
guys but actually the family wanted him cleared."
     With that news and my tape I knew it would be futile to accuse him of
abuse.
     From then on he didn't bother with an excuse to torture me. At least
once a week he would bring home a new whip or cane to use on me and they
were now too bad to let me cum. He even tied me to the bed posts then
pierced my nipples and pussy to hang my earrings in the holes.
     Later he tied me in a back bend over the top of the couch and whipped
my tits, stomach and pussy with a riding quirt before fucking me while
still tied then left me there while he watched me cry my eyes out.
     It was awful. The next day I was covered with bruises and my back
still hurt. When he came home I told him I was leaving him and I didn't
care if I got a cent.
     He blew up! He grabbed me around my throat and yelled, "Listen Bitch!
I own you. If you try to leave my detectives will track you down and I
will pour gas on you and burn you alive!"
     I had no doubt he would do it. I think he chose that way to kill me
because I had whined for days when I burned my finger on a hot pan.
     He handcuffed my hands behind my back and made me suck him off and
lick his balls and asshole then left them on the next day.
     I couldn't eat or drink until I found he had put a bowl of water on
the floor. I had to get on my knees to lap water like a dog.
     I was trapped and didn't know what to do. I tried to call Meg but her
phone had been disconnected. I called Trish and told her what had happened
but to my dismay,She said, "Jesus. That must have really turned you on!" 
I said it was awful but she just said, "Come on! I know you love that
shit." I hung up on her and cried for hours.
     When I calmed down I realized that my only way out was to kill him.
On every scheme I came up with I could see the likelihood of being caught
especially since I was a logical suspect as his only heir. I knew he often
drove drunk and decided to pray he would kill himself in a car wreck.
     He came home and took off my handcuffs saying, "Are you going to be a
good girl now?"
     I cried and promised I would and begged him not to hurt me anymore. 
     He had me get dressed, I had been naked for two days, and took me out
to dinner.
     He was nice to me all week. I didn't even get spanked as long as I
showed my submissiveness by crawling on my hands and knees with a leash
around my neck to kneel by his chair when he sat down to kiss his
feet,legs, and groin.
     We began going out again. I began to love the skimpy dresses that
bared all of my back and most of my tummy and boobs since he wouldn't want
bruises to show.
     One night before we went to bed he said offhandedly, "Oh yeah. I
almost forgot. Do you remember the producer you met?"
     "Yes. Why?"
     "Well he is getting together on a Sylvester Stallone movie and asked
if you wanted to audition for a part."
     I sure did! Even a small part considering the millions who saw his
movies would get me attention. It was my out. I may get rich and famous
and could hire bodyguards to protect me when I left Gary.
     "When I said excitedly "Yes! Tell me about it."
     "He is sending me a script. The plot is that you are a CIA agent who
steals a computer disc with the Russians latest secret weapon. The KGB
captures you and Stallone finds and rescues you. It isn't a huge part.
Most of the picture is Stallone killing people while trying to find you
but he said no-one would forget you when you are stripped and interrogated
by the KGB."
     I would be naked in front of millions of people but that didn't
bother me. A lot of big stars got naked.
     I met him for lunch and picked up the script. I studied it that
afternoon. I was to meet a double agent who told me exactly where the disc
is and I sneak into an engineers house and steal the disc. I almost get
away with it but I am nervous at the airport and they get suspicious and
strip search me to find the disc in my panties. They call the KGB and I am
taken to a jail but when they put the disc in the computer they find it is
blank and assume I have hidden the real one. Actually I haven't I had
simply taken the wrong one so no matter how they torture me I can't tell
them where it is.It turns out the scientist had taken it to defect later
to sell it to the CIA.
     The jail scene was really explicit. I am in handcuffs at a chair by a
desk where the desk light is pointed at my face to be interrogated. When I
am unable to convince them I don't have the disc Two guys hold me while
the third rips off my clothes. Then I am stretched up and given five
lashes with a whip on my back. He asks me again and when I tell them I
don't know where it is I get five more on my stomach, then breasts, and
finally my pussy. When even that doesn't work they begin pinching my
nipples and pussy with pliers. Just as I pass out Stallone breaks in the
door, shoots them and carries me away.
     When Gary came home I said, "Oh god. The torture scene is wild. How
can they show that even with an R rating?"
     "They won't see everything. It is the directors job to give the
impression of what is happening without actually showing it. Probably all
the audience will see is the fake whip coming into you from the back."
     "Well the producer is right. No-one will forget this scene. When can
I go to the studio?"
     "It costs thousands of dollars for a studio audition. Since you are
completely unknown the producer told me to just videotape the jail scene.
If you look convincing they will do a full audition at the studio with
real actors."
     "I am sure I can be convincing."
     "I am not so sure. You just look excited when you are stripped and
whipped. You are supposed to be in agony."
     "I know how I can be convincing. Use the terrible whip. That really
will frighten me when I am stripped and it hurts awfully. I won't get
excited."
     He knew the one I meant. It was a tightly braided leather whip about
four feet long that ended in a sharp tip. It had left such terrible welts
he had only hit me three times with it.
     "Yeah. That should do it. I remember the agony on your face when I
tried it out."
     "Who will be the other two actors?"
     "Probably Bill and Steve. They acted in college and are big and can
look mean."
     "Oh yeah. They looked real evil spanking Trish."
     He set it up for the next friday night. He rented three uniforms and
a couple of professional cam corders on tripods. Then set up a desk and
chairs in  the basement which looked appropriate with it's concrete walls.
Finally he put a hook in the ceiling for the rope and had me stand with my
legs spread really wide to put big iron rings in the floor to tie my
ankles.
     I studied my lines and practiced looking frightened. I couldn't get
it quite right but I found it came naturally when I looked at the uniforms
hanging on the wall with the whip and remembered how much it hurt.
     Friday came and I dressed in a conservative bra and panties we
assumed a government woman would wear, a sleeveless blouse and a cotton
skirt with a starting slit in the waist to make it easy to tear off.
     When the men came and began putting on the uniforms I began to get
into my role becoming frightened as I knew when they were dressed my
ordeal would begin.
     It took a lot longer than I thought. He redid my entrance three times
until he was convinced I was looking frightened enough and struggling the
right amount.
     When I was finally seated there was another delay as they positioned
the cameras to record my face and his as he questioned me without showing
the cameras.
     When they were set and he questioned me I blew my lines and then when
I got them right he had me to it over saying, "Jesus. Don't you get the
idea. You are a spy. They will probably execute you by firing squad."
     Even that didn't get the look and tone he wanted and he said, "You
need to be reminded of pain."
     He took two big alligator clamps out of the desk drawer and lifted my
skirt and moved my panties to snap them on each pussy lip. It felt like a
rat was biting me. The pain was constant and put a tremble in my voice he
wanted. He said nastily, "Stupid Cow. You must think we are stupid." to
end the scene. He took off the terrible clamps. Even off my pussy still
tingled.
     Then there was another delay while they moved the cameras then Bill
and steve grabbed my arms and dragged me under the hook in the ceiling.
Now I really was frightened and it didn't need to be reshot I screamed in
honest fear and struggled as I was held while Gary ripped off my clothes.
     Then there was another delay while the cameras were moved to my back
and front. The delays made it worse as it gave me time to become even more
frightened.
     Finally they were ready and Bill and Steve held my arms as Gary
buckled on the cuffs. Then stood on a chair to hook the rope. When I was
pulled tight Bill and Steve roughly dragged my legs apart to tie my ankles
to the rings which caused more stretching.
     There was another delay while they decided if I was stretched enough
and where to place the back camera so Gary would not block the view and
the proper zoom on the front camera to fill the screen just from my thighs
to just above Gary's head.
     I felt a searing pain across my back and screamed and struggled for
four more.
     It hurt so much When Gary said, "Where is the disc!" I couldn't
remember my line and just sobbed.
     He reminded me I should say, "I don't know I don't have it!"
     I sobbed out the line but Bill said, "Naw. She is supposed to scream
it. I have an idea. When you hit her back it made her tits jump as she
jerked forward. It would be great to hit her ass to make her pump her hips
and push out her pussy.
     To my outrage Gary agreed. It had taken all my nerve to accept the
fact I would get twenty lashes. Now they wanted more. I screamed, "No! God
no! No more!"
     Instead of sympathy Bill said, "Great! We will leave that in."
     Gary started hitting my ass to join the searing pain on my back. I
didn't care how obscene it looked I couldn't help tilting my pelvis
forward in a futile attempt to lessen the pain.
     Then as my back and butt burned and stung there was another delay
while they moved the camera forward and decided to leave one covering my
whole body while the other was zoomed for close-ups of the whip hitting my
stomach.
     I begged them to let me down but they said they couldn't because they
might not get me stretched exactly like now when I was put back up. Now
the agony to my back was joined by pain in my joints.
     Finally they were ready and Gary hit me across my belly-button. I
wasn't ready and it sunk in deeply. I tightened the muscles for the next
four.
     When Gary said, "Are you ready to talk?" I screamed "No. No more!" It
wasn't my exact line but they agreed it was close enough.
     Then Gary said, "You are tough. I guess we should move to more tender
areas."
     He hit my tits hard with the point on one nipple then the other then
finished with one across both nipples that buried the whip in my flesh to
make them ache as well as burn.
     My screams became hoarse and as soon as I stopped struggling Gary
brought the whip down diagonally to hit both pussy lips then moved to the
other side to make and X then repeated  until the final one that dug in
between my parted lips to make me moan in anguish.
     Gary stepped back to say, "Evidentally whipping is not the answer."
     I just hung there shuddering as the cameras were moved.
     Then I gave a hoarse croak and whispered "No. Please No." when I saw
Bill and Steve moving toward me carrying huge vice grip pliers. They held
them against my nipples while turning a knurled screw at the back that
tightened the jaws until they were snug then closed and locked them to
mash my nipples causing indescribable pain. While I made hoarse howls they
used them to pull out my nipples until my breasts formed cone shapes then
pulled them into my armpits. Finally they dropped them with their heavy
weight stretching my nipples and pulling down my boobs only to drop to
their knees to lock them on my pussy lips and pull on them. Finally they
dropped them too and stepped back to watch me sob
     I forgot I was supposed to faint until Gary moved in to pinch my clit
as hard as he could with a little pliers which hurt so bad I fainted for
real.
     I woke up still hanging but with my ankles untied to feel them
caressing some lotion on my welts. I stood up to take the tension off my
poor shoulders.
     Gary said, "I think it is going to be great once it is edited. This
salve will stop the pain."
     I said hoarsely, "God I hope so. I could never do that again."
     The pain began to recede and they helped me to the bedroom where Gary
was spreading a plastic drop cloth on the bed to keep the salve from
staining. I looked at myself in the mirror. I was a mess. I was covered
with nasty purple welts and blood was oozing from where the tip had hit
the skin and my nipples.
     I cried, "Oh God. I am going to be scarred." but Gary said, "You'll
be fine. The cuts are tiny."
     I was glad to stay home for the next few days so I could be naked.
Any clothing would irritate the welts. In three days and four showers the
last scab fell off. He was wrong. I did have scars but admittedly they
were too small to see from any distance.
     He brought home the tape on the fourth day just as the last traces of
my ordeal disappeared. It was great. The re-takes and editing made me look
like a professional. I couldn't stand to watch my whipping, It seemed to
bring back the pain and I left on the first slow motion lash to my stomach
that showed the tip breaking my skin.
     Gary joined me in our bed where I was hugging the covers and said,
"You are fantastic. Most girls would have fainted just from the lashes on
their back. You really looked beautiful hanging. I sent a copy to the
producer. I know he will love you."
     He began kissing my stomach and then my pussy. I didn't think I would
ever want him to touch me again but his tongue on my clit drove me crazy
and we made love until he could no longer get hard.
     The next day I felt good that my body had fully recovered so I called
the girls and suggested lunch on the beach. Audrey had been told about my
audition and asked if I was alright. I told her I was and decided to wear
my tiny short shorts that barely covered the crack of my butt and made
quarter moons of my butt cheeks. I also wore the matching bra which was
just two triangle with elastic strings barely covering my nipples to prove
it.
     I got there early and enjoyed the admiring stares of men and jealous
looks of women.as I sat at the table overlooking the ocean.I thought I
should enjoy these public places now because once I was a star I would
only be able to go to exclusive places to avoid my fans.
     Audrey and Buffy arrived together and Buffy said "We heard about your
Audition tape. What is that all about and are you okay?"
     "I'm fine. See?" I stood up and turned full circle then grinned at a
man who applauded.
     Audrey said "Steve must have exaggerated. I expected you to be a mass
of bruises."
     "Well it hurt bad but I heal fast. It was worth it if I get the part
in a Stallone film."
     I was happy when Buffy was impressed saying, "Wow! you will be
starting at the top."
     "Audrey said, "Don't count on it too much. A lot of girls in Stallone
films are never heard of again."
     "Oh but if the producer likes it he told Gary it could lead to bigger
parts."
     "Well according to Steve if he likes violence he should love you. It
is kind of strange though. I talked to Sly in Bel Air. He said he was
booked solid for three years."
     I said, "This must be one of the things he is going to do."
     Audrey said doubtfully, "Well maybe. I would like to see the tape."
     I thought now that I knew I wasn't badly hurt I could stand watching
it and said, "Okay. I'll check with Gary and if it is alright with him you
could come over for drinks Saturday night and see it."
     They insisted I call him right then so I dug my cell phone out of my
purse and called him. He said, "Sure. You must be proud of yourself. I
know I am. How about tonight. tomorrow is a holiday. Set it about nine. I
am meeting the producer at six for drinks."
     I hung up and told them it was fine and that Gary said he was proud
of me and was meeting the producer at six.
     Audrey said, Hell you should dress up and go with him. I called him
back but his secretary said he had left. his cell phone didn't answer. I
was going to try again after lunch but then realized I didn't have enough
time to pick up snacks at the caterers, more gin for martinis, get dressed
and get back to town.
     I picked up everything and checked to see the house was clean then
showered and tried to decide what I should wear. I decided since we were
having drinks. I would wear a cocktail dress and picked out the latest one
he had bought me that the girls hadn't seen. It wasn't really appropriate
to wear downtown. It was just a white hip hugging micro-skirt with a white
silk scarf that went around my neck and over my boobs then to the
waistband. I smoothed the scarf over my breasts to show the bumps and pink
circles of my nipples the way Gary liked it. Then I went out to put a
table cloth on the big half circle table and mixed some martinis to put in
the freezer.
     They must have been anxious to see the tape because they arrived
about 8:30 and began drinking while we waited for Gary. 
     He came a little after nine to pick me up in a hug and kiss me then
said, "You are in the prescience of a star. I saw the producer and he
loved the tape. He is going to arrange a full audition when he gets back
from location. Isn't that great!"
     They all clapped and cheered which made me feel good but mainly I was
happy because before long I would be able to leave Gary before he did
something terrible to me.
     Audrey said, "That tape must be something else. Let's see it!"
     Gary teased them by saying he wanted to catch up with them on drinks
and changed the subject to law. He told how he had just got a man off
after beating his wife to death on temporary insanity because she had
fucked another guy. He laughed as he said all his client would have to do
is go to a shrink a few times to learn to control rage."
 To them it was just a story but I took it as an implied threat he could
kill me if he wished.
 After about a half hour with a lot of urging he had Mike help him roll
over the big TV and put in the tape.
     They said I was great and it really looked real as I entered and was
questioned but it was plain what they really wanted to see when Audrey
said, "When do we get to the good part?" and Mike said, "Yeah."
     When they ripped off my clothes they cheered and Trish said, "God.
You are great! You almost look hysterical!" Audrey said, I could do that."
and Buffy said "Me too. It would be natural."
     I didn't tell them that by now that had been honest fear. They hadn't
seen the whip.
     When I was hung up Gary took the whip out of the desk. Buffy said,
"Jesus that thing looks wicked." Trish said with awe, "God Yes!"
     He began whipping me. Again with the editing with closeups and slow
motion showing the whip striking my skin and front shots of my tits
jumping as I flinched, the five lashes turned into several.
     We watched in awed silence. It was easy to hear Buffy say softly, "I
couldn't do that."
     It seemed to go on endlessly. I could almost feel the pain again and
flinched at each "Snap!" of the whip. Incredibly the other girls did too.
     When slow motion showed the whip enter my pussy and flip out blood
there was a collective moan.
     When they were pulling on my tits with the pliers Audrey said,
"Christ it is a wonder you don't have stretch marks."
     There was a close-up of my clit being mashed flat and then my head
fell. There was a long shot as a camera slowly moved around my body
glowing with perspiration to show all my stripes and the pliers still
hanging obscenely then a close-up of my breasts showing a drop of blood on
my right nipple and finally a long close-up of my pussy showing drops of
blood forming at my slit then dropping off to a slow fade-out.
     There was a stunned silence then Audrey said, "I hope Stallone blows
them into little pieces." Then she began clapping and the rest joined in.
     Steve said, "Hey. You want Stallone to kill me?"
     "Not you silly. The characters. Obviously Laura wasn't hurt as bad as
it looked. She would be in the hospital."
     I didn't want my courage lessened. I said angrily, "Hey that hurt
awful. I bled didn't I?"
     "I know. I could see the blood. It must have been awful. I just meant
it must not be so bad to be cut. You are all well."
     "Yeah, well you try it."
     "No thanks. I believe you."
     Trish said dreamily as if hypnotized, "I would like to see what that
feels like."
     I said, "You're kidding."
     "Oh not as many as you. Maybe three on my back, three on my butt,
three on my breasts and just two making that X on my pussy."
     She was obviously fooled by the repeated lashes to think I had taken
a lot more while actually was only asking for two less.
     Gary was delighted. He said with a big grin, "You want stripes like
Laura don't you? You have to hit pretty hard to make stripes. The room is
still set up."
     She answered still dreamily, "Yes.. Like Laura."
     Mike snapped her out of it by saying, " I don't think I want to hit
you that hard."
     "Oh. I don't want you to do it. I may hate you if it is bad. I want
Gary to do it. He is mean."
     We just stood there kind of stunned until she said, "Where is the
room."
     Gary told her and she walked toward it as we followed.
     When she entered the room she stared at the rope still hanging from
the ceiling then noticed the uniforms and said, "Put on the uniforms."
     Bill, Steve, and Gary ripped buttons off their shirts in their rush
to change while she stared at the wrist cuffs and caressed her breasts
under the thin blouse.
     Buffy went to her and said softly, "Are you sure you want to do
this?"
     She answered with a quavering voice, "Yes... Really sure."
     I could hardly believe it. I had a powerful incentive but she was
volunteering under no pressure.
     She wandered over to the rope and looked down at the floor to spread
her legs to the rings. then reached up to hold onto the cuffs.
     Gary was dressed first and stood staring at her trembling body until
Bill and Steve came to hold her arms while Gary started unbuttoning her
blouse. She said breathlessly, "No. Rip them off me."
     Gary ripped off her blouse then unzipped her skirt knowing the
waistband was too tough to tear, then ripped it off. when he ripped off
her bra he slapped her breasts bringing on a gasp then ripped up on her
panties dragging them through her slit. This brought an "Oh... God."
     She kept her arms up while Gary buckled her wrists while Bill and
Steve tied her ankles.
     Steve went over to tighten the rope but when he stopped she moaned,
"No. Tighter."
     He put almost all his weight on the rope to pull her super tight. She
looked great! Her big boobs naturally had some sag but this raised them to
completely eliminate the crease underneath. Her tummy went concave to show
her ribs and her waist shrunk.
     Audrey whispered in awe, "Jesus. She has never looked this good."
     While he did that Bill and Gary loaded tapes into the cam-corders.
Then Steve rolled one over to show her back.
     Then I guess Gary wanted to get her into character because he sharply
slapped both her ass cheeks and said, "So you won't talk."
     She let her head back to stare at the rope holding her and moaned,
"Noo."
     He slapped her pussy! His middle finger had gone into her slit and he
held it there and said, "Are you sure." She gasped "No. Never." as she
swiveled her hips to grind her pussy into his hand.
     He picked up the whip and hit her just below her shoulders with a
loud "Snap!" Her only reaction was a gasp and widening of her eyes.
     Buffy and Audrey realized they couldn't see the whip land from in
front and scurried around to her back but Mike and I stayed to watch her
reactions.
     Gary waited a moment to let the sting sink in then hit her again
lower. I saw the tip come around to snap into the side of her breast to
make an angry red mark. Her reaction was just a deep breath she let out
with a shudder.
     On the third the tip came around hitting a rib which must have been
worse as she let out a loud moan.
     Then I found out later he hit her butt to make the tip hit on her
left cheek, then her right, with a final one across both that let the tip
come around to dig into the top of her slit.
     She began moaning and pumping her hips.
     Gary put the whip on the desk then grabbed her breasts in his hand to
knead and twist them as he said, "Now these will feel the sting."
     There was no protest! She just stuttered, "Yyyesss. I know."
     Like me he made the tip hit her left nipple, then the right with a
final across both of them that made her breasts fold around the whip.
     She screamed and cried but her hips began pumping back and forth.
     Gary curled his fingers then drove in three fingers in her gaping
slit to drag up to her stomach leaving a glistening trail of her pussy
juices.
     He made the X which brought more screams then huge in and out breaths
as we watched her body convulse. She caught her breath and moaned, "I'll
never talk."
     Gary hit her very hard at the juncture of her thighs and butt cheek
which brought a horrendous scream.
     Mike grabbed Gary's whip arm and yelled, "Stop! She will never talk."
     He went in front of her to reach up to loosen her cuffs but she
moaned, "Fuck me. Fuck me now!"
     In spite of his concern for her he dropped his pants to reveal a rock
hard dick he plunged into her pulling on her welted ass cheeks.
     She screamed, Someone fuck my ass!"
     Steve quickly complied. The guys were so excited the fucking didn't
last very long but it was enough to give her a monster orgasm and pass
out.
     The guys stepped back panting heavily and Bill slowly rolled the
camera around her limp body to show every mark finishing with zooming into
her breasts and pussy. 
     The guys took her down and carried her to bed.
     I know I should have been horrified but I was fantastically excited
and stripped followed closely by Buffy and Audrey. When the guys came back
we were in a "Daisy chain." frantically licking each others pussies.
     The guys stripped and then I was sitting on Gary's monster to
discover the thrill Trish had felt when Bill pushed me forward to jam his
dick in my anus.
     We were drinking and idly caressing each other while discussing
Trish's amazing performance. We girls agreed a little sting was exciting
but that whip was just torture when Trish walked in.
     She had kind of a dazed look then slowly turned with her arms up like
a ballerina saying, "Don't I just look wild. I have stripes like a cat and
my whole body is still tingling."
     Buffy said, "God. I am surprised you are up. Aren't you awfully
sore?"
     "Oh no. Just tinglling and I feel incredibly alive and sensual. I can
feel breezes caressing me when I walk. you know what I mean Laura."
     "No I don't. It just hurt awfully and still hurt the next day."
     "I think you are just embarrassed to admit it. I saw your tape and I
know you had fantastic orgasms like me."
     I started to protest further when Gary interrupted.
     "No. That is why I love Laura. It hurts her but she loves me enough
to be willing to do it because she knows it thrills me and my guests.
Isn't that true, Laura?"
     It wasn't true. I hated and feared him and only agreed because it was
a way out but that seemed a better explanation than the real one of
wanting fame and money.
     "Yes. We all know I want to please you."
     That brought me a hug and a deep kiss that made the girls giggle.
     Then Mike kissed Trish and said, "You put on a hell of a show and
deserve a reward."
     He licked the scabs on her nipples and then let his mouth slide down
to begin licking her slit. Evidentally the others agreed because they
gathered around her to kis and caress her entire body while she trembled
and panted.
     Gary held on to me watching with abroad grin. I am sure he was proud
he had turned relatively normal people into thrill starved freaks.
     When she started making little squeal Mike pulled her down to sit on
his dick and we all joined them for a final fuck before they went home.
     I couldn't sleep. I couldn't forget what Trish had said. I knew that
often girls and guys looked like they were in agony when they came and my
terible pain could be interpreted as orgasms. Audrey, Buffy and the men
probably believed it too. He now had two tapes that made me look like I
loved the pain plus now a friend who freely admitted it plus all the
footage of me fucking and sucking other men. I was definitely trapped and
my only hope was stardom.
     I knew my life was going to get worse that night when he took my
thong whip off the wall to replace it with the snake whip. The thong whip
left bearable stings and in all honesty when used lightly could stimulate
me into excitement but the snake whip meant only fear and pain.
     After hanging the whip he turned to me and said, "Who am I?"
     It seemed like a strange question but I answered, "You are Gary
Stevens."
     "No. I am your master and you are my slave. You will do anything I
ask because if you don't you will be severely punished. Do you
understand?"
     I answered quaveringly, "Yes."
     "Yes Sir. From now on you will refer to me as Sir."
     "Yes Sir."
     "Fine. I am going to give you a test. Get on the bed on your back and
put a pillow under your ass then spread your legs as wide as possible."
     I did as he asked and he got his polaroid. I thought he was just
going to use me to get excited for more sex. He began taking pictures of
my gaping pussy then had me use my thumbs to pull the lips even more. 
     It seemed sick and I felt humiliated but even that was not enough. He
had me masturbate first with one finger then had me add others until I was
ramming all four of my fingers into me up to the knuckles.
     He said, "Are you excited?"
     "No. I just feel frightened and humiliated.You may show these
pictures to your friends."
     He didn't deny it. He just said, "I guess you are beyond masturbation
for excitement. Ask me nicely to give you five lashes on your pussy with
my belt."
     I immediately clasped both hands over my pussy and begged. "No.
Please no. That will hurt awful and I haven't done anything wrong."
     He said sternly, "I know that. I think it will excite me to watch
your pussy redden and quiver and I am sure it will excite you."
     "No. It won't excite me it will just hurt!"
     "Would you prefer the alternative?"
     As he said that he looked at the whip. I saw myself tied open as he
hit me over and over with that whip until my poor pussy was a bloody pulp.
     I gulped and said, "No.Use the belt."
     "I said, Ask me nicely."
     I gave up and said, "Please spank my pussy five times with your
belt." hoping spank would not be as bad.
     "Fine. Hold your tits with your hands. If you let go of them to try
to protect your cunt I will start over."
     I gripped my boobs and when he said, "Are you ready?" I whined,
"Yes."
     It was awful. I hurt my boobs as I gripped and jerked on them in the
effort not to protect my pussy he hit as hard as he could to cause awful
stings even to my clit.
     When he finshed he just crawled between my legs to force in his dick
to pump furiously until he came. For the first time sex did nothing to
make up for the pain. Then he just rolled over and when to sleep as I
sobbed and cried.
     I got up later to see my pussy was maroon colored and still
throbbing. I went to the kitchen and got a knife and held it over his
chest until I realized that I would just go to the gas chamber if I
plunged it into his heart.
     The next day my pussy had stopped hurting although bruised and I was
sure the cops would not have believed that was sufficient cause to kill
him especially since I had no rope burns to show I was forced.
     I still had the hope of stardom but now I went back to thinking of
schemes to kill him.
     Poisons were out since if a perfectly healthy man died there would be
an autopsy. Guns were out because I didn't have one and if I bought one it
could be traced to me. I didn't have the expertise to sabotage his car and
even if I had he could simply be injured rather than killed.
     I showed him my poor pussy when he came home hoping for sympathy but
he just said, "Yeah it is bruised but it shouldn't hurt now." To prove his
point he slapped it hard with the back of his fingers causing me to scream
and cry as I held my hands over it. He seemed surprized at my reaction and
said, "Since you are such a wimp I will hold off punishments for a few
days."
     By the next night the bruises had faded. He seemed pleased and said,
"I have a new client. He should be a gold mine since he produces porn
movies. He will be over for dinner tomorrow. Make a prime rib roast."
     I spent all afternoon buying and preparing dinner to be served at
seven. I had to face the fact I would probably have to entertain him and
hoped it would just be sex.
     Gary got home about six and said, "It smells great. It had better be
good. Sam is a gourmet."
     As the roast finished he took me to the bedroom. I was releived when
he dressed me in panties and bra and a respectable cocktail dress with
only a fairly low neckline. I thought it may just be dinner after all.
     Sam arrived just before seven and Gary made him a drink while I
served the food. He was about sixty and casually dressed in slacks and an
expensive silk shirt that showed his muscles. I was glad to be ignored
while they talked.
     Sam seemed proud of himself sasying he had started out as a porn
actor and had saved his money until he could produce his first porn movie
that was successful enough to finance more. He finished by saying, "I am
now king of the S & M flicks."
     I suddenly remembered his name. Gary had brought home one of his
movies. It had frightened me. Girls had been tied in all kinds of
uncomfortable positions to be whipped and sodomized. Now his admiring
looks at me made me wonder if he imagined me in his films.
     Gary said, "The whipping scenes must be faked but it must still be
hard to find actresses."
     He seemed hurt, "They aren't faked. It really hurts but women have a
high tolerance for pain. We have girls begging to be in them. You know
women will do anything for money."
     Gary looked at me and said, "Yeah. I can believe that."
     Sam looked at me and said, "We have women who will do it just to see
themselves on a big screen with the only stipulation that they be masked
so their friends or husbands will not recognize them. Laura could be a
star."
     I was relieved when Gary laughed and said, "I don't need that kind of
publicity."
     After dinner I served them brandy then stood there awkwardly while
Sam mentally undressed me. Gary reached behind the couch to bring out a
large box saying, "This is a birthday dinner. Happy Birthday Honey."
     With everything that had happened I had totally forgotten my birthday
and was surprised he remembereed. I opened it awkwardly hoping it would
not be something to torture me. I was relieved to see it was a fake fur
coat.
     Gary said, "Model it for us."
     I put it on then tried to mimic models on a runway walking smoothly
with turns to make it flare happy I was not modeling skimpy underwear.
     Sam ignored the coat to say, "Your wife is beautiful and she seems
obedient like mine."
     "Oh yes. She will do anything I ask. Won't you Laura?"
     I couldn't miss the threat and said meekly, "Yes Sir."
     Gary said, "Laura is one of those rare women who look as well naked
as clothed. Why don't you take off your things to show Sam just how pretty
you are."
     I don't know why I bothered to say plaintively, "Do I have to?" since
all it got was a glare from Gary and a stern, "Yes."
     I faced them blushing at Sam's avid stare and took off my dress and
underthings realizing that he had only had me wear so many clothes to make
my strip tease longer. He had me leave on the high heeled shoes knowing I
couldn't walk in them without having my butt and breasts quiver at each
step then told me to stand in front of them.
     Gary said, "Feel how firm she is. The health club really pays for
itself."
     I stood there blushing and quivering with anxiety as he lifted and
squeezed my breasts then said to Gary, "Really nice tits. I would have
guessed they were fake until I felt them. They are real alright."
     He continued feeling my stomach and then my pussy still directing his
comments to Gary. I felt like some animal at auction. He finished by
squeezing my buttcheeks followed by a sharp slap to them with both hands
that made me gasp.
     Gary said, "That reminds me. She needs her birthday spanking. As my
guest you may be first. She is twenty three."
     "You are a wonderful host. Get over my lap, little lady."
     I looked beseechingly at Gary but he just said, "You heard the man."
     Sam slid forward on the couch to be nearly flat. When I laid across
him he slid me around until my pussy was lying on his huge hard penis. I
was hoping for a playful spanking and I think if it had been I would have
become excited. It wasn't. He grabbed my breast in his left hand to hold
me then began hitting hard to make loud "Splats!" with terrible stings to
one cheek and then the other with the pain increasing for all twenty-
three. When he stopped my butt was very hot and my boob was throbbing from
being mangled. As I laid there he began caressing my stinging buttcheeeks.
Miraculously the pain began ebbing right away.
     Gary must not have wanted that because he said, "Get up Laura.It is
over."
     I got up and began rubbing my buttcheeks as Sam looked at me
hungrily. His dick was tenting his pants.
     Gary said, "Laura. I believe you have excited Sam. We can't have him
leaving in that condition. Suck his dick while I give you your spanking."
     I knelt between his legs knowing I had no choice and unzipped his
pants. He wasn't wearing shorts and his dick jumped out. It was even
bigger than Gary's. It was as wide as my wrist and just the part out of
his pants was over eight inches. It stretched my lips going into my mouth
and I knew it would be impossible to get it into my throat.
     Gary began hitting my tender butt with his belt . It was all I could
do not to bite Sam's dick at the terrible stings.
     Sam came before Gary had finished spanking. I started to pull my head
back but Sam grabbed my hair and pulled me into him to let his dick soften
in my mouth.
     Finally Gary finished and Sam released my hair. I stood up and rubbed
my stinging butt as Sam said, "Not a bad blow-job. Hardly anyone can get
my dick in their throat. I guess it is your turn."
     "Yes but I think I want something special. Laura. Go get your thong
whip."
     "Oh Please! Haven't you hurt me enough?"
     "No but it will be worse if you don't hurry."
     I moved as fast as I could on those damn heels. I must have been
quite a sight with my red cheeks quivering.
     I returned with my whip while they were moving the dishes to one end
of the table then Gary told me to get up and lie across the table on my
back. He pulled my head off the table so I was looking upside-down at his
crotch. He dropped his pants then took my hands to grip his buttcheeks
while saying, "We are going to give you an incentive to give a great blow-
job. Sam will lash your tits and pussy until I cum."
     It wasn't really a blow-job. He simply fucked my mouth. I found that
with my head back so far it was easy for him to drive his dick into my
throat. I hardly noticed the lashes considering my gagging and feeling of
suffocation as his dick drove in until I learned to grab air as his dick
came back to my mouth. At that point I began to feel the lashes but then
they suddenly stopped and I felt my pussy stretch and a weird feeling as I
realized Sam's dick was pushing into my cervix. Then stings began again on
my breasts until they both came by pulling out heir dicks to shoot out cum
on my face and stomach.
     Gary said, "Go take a shower. You look disgusting."
     I was glad to do it and he must have shown Sam out because when I had
scrubbed and scrubbed and went to our bedroom Gary was already asleep.
     Sam sent over a collection of his movies which we watched every
night. I was grateful for them because they usually made Gary horny enough
to fuck me without hurting me but I knew that eventually he would want me
to be in one of them and they could be terrible. In one a girl was beaten
with bamboo canes until her breasts and pussy were maroon and swollen.
     Then he decided to have another party.I looked forward to it thinking
at least some of it would be enjoyable and I hadn't been able to leave the
house for weeks.
     As soon as they arrived I noticed Trish was not there and asked Mike
where she was. He told me that she had asked him to whip her with rose
branches but she must have been allergic becuse her skin got red and
swollen. She had stayed home to lie in cool baths and put on salve.
     Gary called me over and told me to strip. When I was naked he said,
"It doesn't bother you to strip in front of them but you blushed for Sam.
Why?"
     "They have already seen me naked and they will soon be naked too. Sam
was a stranger."
     "Yeah. That makes sense."
     Then he told them I would be their slave for the night and would
allow anything they wanted. It was terrible. No-one showed any interest in
just fucking me. I spent the whole night sucking dicks or pussies and
having to asume poses to be whipped by the snake whip. My skin was so sore
I spent most of the night after they left lying in a cool tub while
thinking desperately of a way to kill him.
     Shortly after that he took me to a slezy strip bar in Hollywood. When
we were seated he went over to talk to the manager. He came back smiling
to say, "He will let you dance for half your tips plus I get free drinks.
He said good girls make $300 per night. You will get a lash for every
dollar under three hundred."
     "But what if someone recognizes me?"
     "No-one knows you. Now get to work."
     I went to the manager who told me I would dance after a girl named
Rose. I was to dance to a song on each of three stages then I was free to
table dance or couch dance. On stage I would be naked but on the floor I
was to keep on my bra and panties. The table dance was just dancing close
to the customer for five dollars while the couch dance paid twenty because
I would be squirming on their laps or rubbing my body against them. It
really seemed sleazy but I knew if I was to make three hundred I would
have to do a lot of couch dances.
     At first I was really nervous. I didn't have a costume just my micro-
dress and my skimpy underwear. I noticed the men did not throw tips until
the girls were naked so I followed their lead and got naked early in the
song blushing at all the staring eyes and smirks. I didn't get many tips
on the first round. After the third stage I went to the manager who took
my tips and entered the amount in a looseleaf book. He said, "This is
pathetic. You are leaving your dress on too long. From now on just start
in underwear. Give me your dress and I will keep it for you. June! Give
her some ideas."
     I gave him my dress while June explained, "These guys aren't
satisfied just to see a girl naked. They want you to do things their girl-
friends or wives won't do. Watch the girls and see what brings applause
and tips. Also see those red lights at each corner of the room. If they
are on don't let the customer touch you because that means a vice cop is
in the room."
     It had never occurred to me that I would be touched. I shuddered as I
looked around the room to see a lot of old, fat or ugly men that I would
never get near normally.
     Gary was my first customerfor a table dance. He insisted I pull my
panties to oneside so he could see my pussy then embarrassed me by saying
to the men on each side of him, "Check out this cute pussy." That brought
my first couch dance. I took the customer to a couch in the dark corner of
the room. As soon as I got on his lap he pulled my panties to one side to
grab my buttcheeks to rub my pussy on the lump in his pants. In spite of
myself I found I was getting excited. He asked for a second dance and
towards the end he grimaced then his dick began softening letting me know
he had cum. I knew I was on the right track because he gave me a ten
dollar tip. In about six minutes I had made fifty dollars.
     After that all my inhibitions were gone and I followed the other
girls lead to hold my boobs close to their faces as I asked them if I
could dance for them. On stage I crwled around with my legs open dragging
my nipples on the floor and doing the splits desperate to earn at least
three hundred to avoid my whipping.
     Occassionally I would stop at Gary to see he was getting drunk on the
free drinks which made him suggest even more obscene things for me to do
like spreading the lips of my pussy with my hands and actually
masturbating briefly.
     By the end of the night I had earned five hudred and ten dollars but
after the manager held out his half I only had two hundred and fifty five.
I gave it to Gary explaining that all the girls said it was a bad night
because the customers were stingy. He slurred, "It doesn't matter. You
will still get forty-five lashes but I'll put it off until later."
     He was too drunk to drive so I did. I dwelled on my upcoming whipping
which I was sure would have the additional humuliation of an audience and
again thought of ways to kill him.
     It came to me as we were driving home on the coast highway. It was
three oclock in the morning and there was no traffic. I remembered a high
cliff on the way home and looked over to see he was asleep.
     I stopped at the top of the cliff and pulled him into the drivers
seat after listening to make sure a car was not coming. Then I rested his
foot on the accellerator to make the motor race and reached through the
window to put it into "Drive." The car jumped forward and off the cliff. 
     I planned to just walk about half way down then pick up a rock to put
some bruises on me to tell the cops I had jumped from the car but I
tripped on those damn heels and ended up falling down the cliff. I must
have hit my head on a rock because the next thing I remembered was being
at the bottom of the cliff experiencing a lot of pain from my head, ribs
and leg. It wasn't like the movies at all. The car had not exploded or
caught fire. It was lying on its top when I crawled to it and Gary was
lying half way out the open mangled door. I went to him and felt his neck
for a pulse and was relieved he was dead so I wouldn't have to hit him
again with a rock.
     I crawled around to the passenger side and reached in for the
cellular phone to dial 911. Miraculously it still worked. My plea for help
was authentic since I was sure I had been badly hurt.
     At the hospital they found I had two cracked ribs, a broken leg and a
minor concussion. The police informed me Gary was dead and that he had a
blood alcohol level of 1.8. I cried convincingly but it was actually in
relief my long ordeal was over.
     Later on I was questioned but their only concern was why I had not
driven since he must have been obviously drunk. I told them he wouldn't
let me and Buffy who was visiting me in the hospital confirmed that Gary
always insisted on driving. They told me that the car was a total loss and
told me where it was so I could get any personal property and said their
investigation was over.
     His law office had his will which left everything to me. Including
property it was over three million plus his law office offered me five
hundred thousand to buy out his share of the firm. I accepted it because I
was not interested in being in business. They invested the money so I
could live very well just on the interest and dividends.
     It worked out very well. My advice is to marry a rich man no matter
what kind of bastard he is because you may get lucky like me and
successfully kill him.

                                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





