BDSM Library - Kay




Kay
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: High school cheerleader who can have any guy is rebuffed by rich photogropher. Photos lead to nude to spanking then on and on.
Kay
by Allene

Kay,Kathy.Bob, Tim

    I guess I was a born exhibitionist. I became a cheer leader
only because I wanted to show off in front of a lot of people. I
had hoped to get really tiny uniforms like the Dallas girls but
our school wouldn't go any further than hip hugging mini-skirts
and short sweaters so we could show off our flat bellies when we
raised our arms up in the air.
    My hormones must have really kicked in when I became sixteen
as I began to have dreams of hanging naked from the goal posts
while the crowd pushed and shoved to feel and pinch me. One dream
was really exciting when the whole team took turns fucking me on
the fifty yard line as a whole stadium of people cheered them on.
You can tell how rich my imagination was since I had not found
anyone interesting enough to make love to me and had little idea
what it would really feel like. Upon awakening I would realize
the idea of fucking twelve boys in a row would be much too much
but the thought would keep me horny all day.
    Then I met Tim Thompson. His dad owned a few photography
stores and had bought this big house in the country that put him
in our farming school district.
    He was gorgeous and I wanted to meet him so as a cheer-
leader I thought it would be all right to ask him if he would be
playing football since he had such a strong looking body in his
fitted shirts.
    " No. I am not big on team sports. I don't like to be tied to
a schedule of practice or games when I could be doing something
more interesting. I'll bet you are the head cheer leader aren't
you?"
    " Well yes. How did you know?"
    " I didn't need to be much of a detective. You are the best
looking girl I have seen in this hick school and the first thing
you ask when you see me is if I am going to join the team. Other
girls ask my name and where I came from."
    I was a little flustered by his abruptness, " I already know
your name. I just thought I would ask if you were going to be on
the team since you have such an athletic body."
    " I am flattered you are interested in my body. I play
tennis, Golf, scuba diving, and have a hang glider. No team
sports."
    I protested, " I am not interested in your body. I just
meant.. Oh I don't know what I meant."
    " If you aren't interested in my body why are you blushing
while you are staring at my crotch?"
    " I am not either staring at your crotch! I just look down
when I am flustered. You are making me nervous." I was lying, he
had a big bulge where his penis would be and I was trying to
picture it hard in my mind. Thank God he changed the subject.
    " In any event I am interested in your body and it is a good
thing. As you may know my father and I are photographers and the
principal asked me to take pictures of you and the other
cheerleaders for the yearbook. Some of them will be taken at the
games but I will shoot you one at a time in my dad's studio. I'll
let you know when I am ready for you."
    As soon as he finished talking he just walked off down the
hall without saying goodbye. I was a little mad at him for his
arrogant attitude but at the same time I was really intrigued.
All the other boys in school fawned all over me. He appeared
totally uninterested in me. My only hope of encouragement was the
fact he said he liked my body. Even then I was not sure if he
meant he was interested because he liked me or if I was just
interesting as a model.
    The next weekend he took pictures of us at the game but he
didn't bother to shoot when I was working alone. My feelings were
getting hurt. The next week he took Jennie to the studio. The
next day she ran up to me all excited. 
    " Kay! Look at my pictures! I look like a movie star. He
doesn't just take your picture. Before the photo session he takes
you to a salon in the city where they do your hair and make-up.
Do you like my hair-do? I didn't know shit about make-up. 
    " Yes, you look really good. How did the photo session go?"
    " Great! Didn't you look at my pictures?"
    " No I meant what did you do and how long does it take?"
    " Oh a long time. Maybe three hours. He is a real artist he
shoots you against a blue screen so he can add different
backgrounds later. And he knows all the poses to accentuate your
best parts. I was a little stiff the next day because if I
couldn't hold a pose the way he wanted he would tie me in it. You
know how I can't get clear to the ground on a split. He solved
the problem by tying a soft rope around my waist under my skirt
and down the crack of my ass to a ring in the floor. When I
couldn't high kick high enough to suit him he tied one of my
ankles to the ring in the floor and tied the other ankle to a
pulley in the ceiling to pull my foot up over my head."
    She went silent for a minute and then giggled in
embarrassment as she said, " He is really dedicated and forceful.
When I couldn't hold a pose he wanted he spanked me."
    "Jennie! How could you let him do that?"
    "It didn't hurt bad it was just thrilling and kind of sexy.
No I am lying, It was fantastically sexy. If he had wanted to I
would have fucked his brains out. three hours later I was still
so horny I almost fucked poor Tommy into a coma. Tommy couldn't
get over the way I was so turned on. I just told him it was just
a woman thing he wouldn't understand. He is so dumb he will
believe anything I tell him."
    " I don't think that sounds sexy. It just sounds painful and
makes him look like a sadist. He had better not try that with
me." I was lying. I daydreamed all day of being tied up in
different poses. I went even further. I was totally naked and he
didn't just spank my pantied bottom with his hand. He was using a
whip!
    To my total disappointment he took Barbie next. Barbie told
me that he said she was more agile than Jennie and did not need
to be tied for the poses. He did adjust her bra and panties
touching her breasts and pussy in the process but he did it so
perfunctory she couldn't take offense and when he spanked her
when she couldn't stop giggling it didn't hurt really bad and it
did stop the giggles.
    By now I was really anxious for my turn and everyday was a
disappointment as he continued to ignore me except for waves in
the hall. By the fifth day I couldn't stand it anymore and asked
him when he wanted me to come to the studio.
    " I don't know. Maybe never. I have some good shots of you at
the games. Did you want individual poses?"
    "Oh yes! The pictures you took of Jennie and Barbie are
wonderful!"
    " Oh you saw them? Did they tell you what they had to do to
get just the right pose?"
    " Yes they told me all about it. I wouldn't mind."
    " I see. They told you about the ropes and the spanking but
you still don't mind? Does the prospect scare you, or excite
you?"
    " Both I guess. I must be awful vain as it is worth almost
anything to look as good as they do in their pictures. Just my
vanity probably earns a good spanking." I thought that would do
it but he just replied, "Well I will look over what I have and if
I need more I will get back to you."
    Jennie and Barbie made it worse for me by showing me their
pictures and asking me to help them decide which would be best
for the yearbook.
     I was ready to tell him I would pay him to take my picture
in any position he wanted when he walked up to me at my locker
and said, " I can see where a few shots I took of you could be
improved on. Look at these. On this shot where you jumped up in
the air and spread your legs your legs could be further apart for
a true mid-air split. On this split on the ground it would have
been better if your head and shoulders would have been further
back to show off your flat belly and full breasts. On this high
kick your leg is not straight and could have been higher. I also
think we should have some of you doing the back-bend and a
cartwheel.
    This may take some time. Call your folks and tell them you
will be home late."
    I didn't have folks as such. My Dad was a lawyer who worked
too hard, smoked too much and drank. Three years ago he died in
his office of a heart attack. Mom and I were really depressed as
he had made all our decisions right down to the clothes we wore.
He kept a whip made of leather thongs he would spank us with when
we made him mad. He had it hanging on a hook in the bedroom.
After he died Mom took it to bed with her and hugged it like a
doll till she went to sleep. Our only consolation was the fact
that he had left us a trust fund that gave us a check every
month. He had left strict orders not to let us have any more
money per month so the trust would last as long as we lived. Mom
was forced to learn to budget. When we kept going broke before
the end of the month she had me spank her if there was no more
money in the checking account before the month ended. I thought
her moans and sobs were caused by pain but later on I changed my
mind.
    My Mom had no objection to my going out as she knew I was
popular and was proud of the fact. Mom could have been very
popular herself. She was only thirty-seven and was very pretty
with a great body she kept in shape by swimming every day at the
Y.W.C.A. When I told her she had mourned long enough and should
start dating she told me that all the men around were wimps. She
couldn't settle with them after being married to a real man.
    He took me home to get my uniform. I couldn't find my white
tights so I decided to settle for white panties. They looked the
same except they were the low cut bikini type and were much more
flimsy than the tights. 
    When we got to the studio he decided he would do the back-
bend first. Once I was in it he pushed my sweater down as far as
he could without showing the bra and pulled my skirt down lower
on my stomach to make my midriff as long as possible I held the
pose till I was shaking from the exertion. I was wondering if he
would spank me for shaking but he just told me to rest a minute
while he started the film through the developer. Evidentally he
had some sort of automatic machinery as he was back in a few
minutes.
    The high kick was next. I did them till I was sweating but he
wasn't satisfied and decided to tie down my left leg and raise
the right one to the ceiling. I had never kicked that high! If my
ankle had not been tied down I would have been lifted off the
floor.
    He said, "This pose has pulled your panties into your pussy.
I think it might be a little too obscene for the yearbook."
    He pulled my panties out of the slit of my pussy then
smoothed it with his hands to make me pant with excitement. I
began to shake from the strain and excitement after he had taken
several shots.
    " Stop shaking you are going to cause the picture to blur."
    When I couldn't stop he he pulled my panties into the crack
of my butt and began spanking my bare asscheeks with his hand to
cause a sting that just increased my excitement.  I could feel
the ends of his fingers coming oh so close to my pussy through my
thin panties This just made it worse as I became very excited and
trembled even more. He let me down and gave me a drink of orange
juice and vodka while he developed the negatives. By the time he
came back I had calmed down a little and was embarrassed that my
panties had become wet from the juices from my pussy since it
seemed perverse to become excited from a spanking. In spite of
that I sat on the stickery rug to feel the bristle on my tingling
butt.
I was on my second drink and anxious to get on with my next
adventure wondering if I could keep him from knowing how excited
this was making me. We looked at the negatives and we agreed a
couple of them were just about perfect.
    He decided to do the mid-air split next. I tried one and he
pulled me against his chest and said, "You aren't very modest are
you? as he pulled my panties out of my asscrack and smoothed them
over my tingling cheeks. I couldn't resist pushing my breasts
into his chest and was disappointed when he just said, "Let's try
some more. I did several of them but he was not happy and said, "
It is obvious you can't do a real split in the short time you are
in the air. I can fix that."  He studied the pictures he had
taken at the game and used tape that was sticky on both sides to
hold my sweater up towards my breasts in the same height and
drape as the picture then he had me do the splits on the floor
then tied soft ropes to my ankles and to pulleys in the ceiling.
He told me to hold on to the ropes until I was in position then
to turn to face him and straighten my fingers and arms out to
look like the picture taken at the game. I had trouble keeping my
balance and had to keep grabbing at the ropes ruining his shots.
I really concentrated and he was finally able to get a couple of
shots before I grabbed at the ropes. 
    " You ruined most of the shots I guess hand spankings don't
impress you."
    "They don't hurt. They just make my bottom tingle."
    Again he pulled my panties into the crack of my butt but then
he went further by twisting the front of my panties and pulling
them into my pussy causing me to gasp as the cloth sawed against
my clit.
    My eyes widened in fear and excitement as he slid his belt
out of his pant loops. While he faced me he brought the belt up
between my legs to let the end fall on my left and right ass-
cheeks. The front of the belt was hitting my pussy! I don't know
how many times he hit me. The pain and excitement just kept
building till I came and my body sagged in the ropes. He let me
down and gave me another drink.
    I didn't know what to say. I did not want to admit I was so
perverse I came. I settled for telling him in a quavering voice,
"I am sorry my balance was so bad. I deserved being punished.
I'll try to do better next time."
    I am sure he knew I had cum but he just said, "You take
punishment very well. You only gasp and moan with no protest but
you look tired. Are you sure you want to go on. We can finish
some other time."
    I left no doubt I was enjoying all the perverse things he was
doing to me when I said excitedly " No I want to! Just let me
rest a minute while I finish my drink."
    " Okay. I'll go develop these."
    By the time he got back I had calmed down using all my
willpower to resist digging at my pussy as I inspected my red
glowing pussy lip and butt cheeks in a mirror before reluctantly
pulling my pantie out and smoothing them over my tingling skin.
We looked at the negatives. He had one shot that looked great
except the ropes were visible.
    " Don't worry about the ropes I will airbrush them out and
use the football field as a back drop. It will look as if you did
it at the game. You and the school are going to have a hard time
picking out the best shots. All of them so far look good. Your
legs are no doubt a little sore from doing the splits. We'll do
the cartwheel next."
    I tried a few but there was just not enough room in the
studio to get my speed right. He had a solution for this too. He
tied the ropes to my ankles again and pulled me up with my legs
spread till my hands were pressing against the floor just about
the same as in the game shots.
    The problem was with no centrifugal force the sweater was
hanging down in my face totally exposing my breasts and the skirt
was below the top of my panties. He tried using the tape but I
was sweating so much from the strain and excitement he couldn't
get it to stick. When he opened a window to cool me off I felt
coolness on my pussy and knew my panties were soaked with the
juice from my pussy when I came. I wondered if he knew whether it
was sweat or not.
    He dried my legs with a cloth and made the tape stick but as
fast as he tried my skin below my breasts I would be wet again.
He decided to pin the sweater to the bra. I don't know if it was
accidental or not but I felt the pins going into the skin of my
breasts! My only protest was a shudder as each of them went in.
the slightest move caused my heavy sweater to pull on the pins
raising my level of excitement higher by the moment. When he had
taken shots from every angle he pulled off the tape and let my
skirt fall toward my face. Then he took out a knife from his
pocket and said, "You did good you deserve a reward."      
    He cut the straps going around my waist and pulled off my
panties to expose my pussy made completely hairless from waxing
so no hair would show around my tights. I don't know what he had
in mind but I definitely knew what I wanted.
    " Yes whip it!  Whip my pussy with your belt! It needs it! I
have been so bad!"
    He evidentally had not planned this as he anxiously searched
for the belt he had dropped on the floor. He finally found it and
began to hit one lip then the other then down the center till I
went into mindless orgasms then he stopped and began licking my
engorged clit with his fluttering tongue!
    I don't remember being taken down from the ropes. The next
thing I remember was a cool feeling as he wiped the sweat off my
body and face with a cool damp cloth. When he saw I was coherent
he pushed the rag under my pussy to cool it. I took it out as I
did not want to lose the tingling heat enveloping it.
    " Honey.. You are something else. A lot of girls like to be
spanked or whipped but it is usually foreplay. I have never known
anyone before that came that hard just from whipping."
    " I had no idea I would react this way. My Dad used to spank
me when I was little but I don't remember getting off on it. I do
remember it never hurt as it was supposed to."
    " Well you didn't get off when I spanked you either. Maybe it
only works on your pussy. I suppose you want to call it a night."
    " No. I am still excited. What is the next series?"
    "The splits on the ground leaning back but I am excited too
and I haven't got off yet."
    " Oh I'm sorry. I didn't even think of you. You will have to
be careful though I am not on the pill."
    " That doesn't matter I don't want to fuck you. I want you to
blow me."
    That sounded gross but at the same time perversely appealed
to me. " I have never done that. You will have to tell me what
you want me to do."
    He slid his pants down and sat on the edge of the chair. "
I'll be glad to tell you. Get up on your knees and lick my dick
and balls."
    He had evidentally worked up a sweat as well as me as it
tasted salty. By the time I had licked all of his scrotum clear
to his asshole his dick became so hard I could feel it throb. I
was glad to hear him tell me to put it in my mouth. I realized he
knew the pins were in my breasts when he began to pull up and
release my sweater pulling up my tits by the pins. I became more
excited as he finally grabbed my hair on both sides of my head
and pulled me into him. I gagged every time the head hit the back
of my throat at first but finally I kind of yawned and it slid
into my throat. This did it for him as I felt it jerk while it
pumped semen into my throat. When he stopped cumming I continued
to mouth it gently till it was completely soft. He was taking
deep breaths when I spoke.
    " I have never fucked anyone either. Now that all your semen
is gone would you like to do it to me?"
    " It is going to take a minute for me to recover do you still
want to do the last split?"
    " Yes but my pussy has lost most of the tingle. I know! Get
the straw door mat for me to sit on. That should bring back the
tingle."
    The straw was stickier than it looked. When I let down on it
I had to lift again then go down very slowly as needles seemed to
stick into every inch of my pussy. I leaned my head back while
trying to keep as much of my pussy on the needles as I could. 
    " Man the look on your face is too X-rated to make a picture
the school will go for. Just a second."
    He put the camera on the chair facing me on a three quarter
angle then had me hold up my arms while he took off the pins and
brought my sweater, bra, and then skirt over my head and off.
then he went to the camera and did something that caused it to
whir and click about every five seconds. He told me to put my
hands behind my back. When they were there I felt my tits explode
with pain. I didn't care, I was way beyond that. I kept my arms
back out of the way and rocked back and forth on the mat in time
with his lashes and the click of the camera as he covered every
inch of my jugs with his belt. I finally couldn't take any more
and rolled over on my face pushing my tits into the rug as my
pussy continued to rock on the mat unti he pushed me over on my
back and drove his humogous dick into my sopping pussy to keep my
orgasms going.
    Later he caressed my tits and pussy with a cool wet rag while
I calmed down.
    I didn't bother to put on my bra on the way home and had no
panties. I lifted my skirt so my pussy could move on the leather
seat while my nipples tingled as they brushed against the heavy
wool sweater. When I got home  I  ran to my room to study my body
in the mirror. I had never felt so alive! My only disappointment
was that I couldn't get another orgasm no matter how long I
played with myself.
    I was really looking forward to seeing Tim at school but I
ended up disappointed. It wasn't that he was unfriendly or
anything, he acted glad to see me and asked me how I was feeling.
The part that hurt was when I saw him talking and laughing with
Shawn Dennis. She was just a slut. I was prettier and sexier but
she always got a lot of attention from boys because she always
wore thin blouses with no bra so her nipples always showed and
her breasts moved when she walked. She had been sent home a few
times to change clothes because her skirts were so short she was
flashing her panties every time she turned fast or bent over. The
bitch dropped a book, I am sure on purpose, and instead of
kneeling to pick it up she bent over so her whole ass came into
view with transparent panties. When Tim slapped her on her butt
she just giggled and pushed it out more for him to slap it again.
    I dwelled on that scene the rest of the day then decided if
that is what it took to get his attention I would go into town
and find the shortest skirt and the most transparent panties I
could find. When I got home I bombed through the door and yelled
at Mom.
    "Mom! I need some money I have to get some clothes."
    " I'm sorry honey. We are broke till the end of the month I
found a beautiful winter coat on sale."
    "Jesus Mom. Of course it was on sale it is May for God's
sake. You have gobs of winter coats and you promised you would
budget to have at least a hundred dollars at payday in case we
had an emergency."
    " Yes I know I should not have bought it. I just got carried
away. I felt guilty all the way home and I still do. I would take
it back but it was on sale with no returns. Maybe we will both
feel better if you spank me. I sure deserve it."
    I was really mad and retorted, " Bull, you know you can
hardly feel that little thong whip while you are wearing your
skirt, slip and panties. It just makes me tired and you get to
relieve your guilt without being hurt."
    She looked a little flustered when she answered, " I have to
admit that is true but isn't the humiliation I feel by being
spanked by my own daughter enough?"
    "No! If it was, you would not go back on your promise."
    " Well I suppose I could take off my skirt...Maybe my slip
too."
    It occurred to me that I had never seen her naked. As I
thought about it, whipping her nude body turned me on.
    " No. If you really want to pay for breaking your promise you
will take it nude." 
    " Oh that would be really embarrassing. It is broad daylight.
I don't know, that might hurt a lot. How many spanks would you
give me?"
    She was trembling with excitement so I knew she was not
serious about objecting especially since she wanted to know how
many spanks she would get.
    "Well we are going to be broke for eight days. Five spanks a
day would make it forty."
    I could tell by the way she was breathing The idea was
exciting her so I went on, " Just in case you try to change your
mind I will tie your ankles to the footboard of your bed."
    he gasped and then said with a quaver, " Yes.. You are
right. I may try to get away."
    She was so nervous she had trouble unbuttoning her skirt. She
slid it down her legs then pulled down the half-slip. She
hesitated a moment then began unbuttoning her blouse to take it
off followed by her bra and panties.
    I was surprised. I meant by beng nude she would have a bare
bottom but then she was standing there trembling totally naked.
 I looked at her admiringly, "God Mom, Your body is absolutely
beautiful. Your stomach is almost as flat as mine and your
breasts don't sag at all. You have the cutest round butt. Better
than almost all the girls at school."
    She actually blushed as she thanked me and then bent over the
footboard to rest her breasts on the crocheted bedspread. She
gasped again as I spread her legs to tie them to the legs of the
bed. I went over to get the whip off its hook. She watched me
with wide eyes and began to breathe shakily. When I stepped
behind her I noticed she was sliding her nipples across the
bedspread and knew for sure she was just like me. I knew now
where my excitement by pain came from.
    I started out easy and when she didn't complain kept making
them harder, watching the skin redden and welt more and more as
my excitement grew. I began hitting higher and higher on her back
until the end of the thongs hit the side of her breast bulging
out as she drove her nipples into the bedspread. There was no
protest! She pulled herself upright and stretched her arms up
over her head and pushed out her tits. I took the hint and began
whipping her tits making them jump and tremble until she moaned
and flopped back down again to push her butt out exposing her
pussy. For the last fifteen I changed position to get directly
behind her to swing thw whip up to splatter against her sopping
pussy and drag the ends between the crack of her butt. I recalled
the way it felt when Tim had whipped mine and marvelled at the
fact that we could both increase our excitement as the lips of
her pussy shuddered and twisted with the lashes.She just pushed
back and tilted her pelvis so I could cover the whole face of it
until the whip was getting wet from her secretions.
    She screamed and she let herself collapse on the bed
continuing to rub her nipples on the bedspread. They were
sticking out like little hard-ons. I suddenly knew just what she
needed and stuck the handle of the whip into her sopping wet
pussy and pushed it in and out while twisting it till she let out
a huge sigh and sank into the bed.
    I dropped onto the floor and ripped off my panties so I could
dig at my pussy till I came and felt totally drained. 
    Finally I recovered enough to untie her as I watched the
after shocks that made her body shudder lessen. She didn't even
notice I had untied her legs till I lifted her legs up on the bed
so she could stretch out.
    When she had calmed down she said, " Oh my God. Now you know
my terrible secret. Do you hate me for being such a pervert? I
have been thinking of going to a psychiatrist."
    " Gosh no. I get excited by pain too. I know just how you
felt. Nothing else can even come close to provide such crushing
orgasms. How did you find out it turned you on?"
    " Well you know how dominating your father was. I really
loved having him take care of me. Especially since I was so young
when he married me. On my twenty-first birthday he told me this
was a special day as I could now drink legally and vote. To
complete the celebration I should get a birthday spanking. We had
been drinking and had just made love so we were both naked. I had
never been spanked in my life but all the things he did to me or
had me do to him had turned me on up to that time so I just got
up and leaned over the back of the couch. I didn't realize it was
going to be a hard spanking till he showed me his fraternity
paddle and a wide belt and asked me which one I wanted him to
use. I knew I could ask him to just use his hand but for some
reason the belt really excited me. I asked him to use the belt as
the paddle might bruise me. The first five or six really hurt but
then the pain seemed to travel to my pussy and it became terribly
exciting. I was in full orgasm when he finished and he sent me
totally over the edge when he started fucking me dog-fashion.
     A little while later I made the whip you used on me and gave
it to him for his birthday and told him he could give his
birthday spanking to me. From then on if he had any doubts about
how I felt about being spanked they were gone. From then on he
spanked me whenever he wanted to turn us both on. I am ashamed to
say that is why you spent so much time at baby sitters or at
grandma's house."  
    " Mom... Gee I don't know if I should tell you this. If you
think you are perverse you might think I am totally nuts."
    " Of course you can tell me. After this we should be able to
talk about anything."
    "Well.. Tim didn't just spank my butt. He whipped my breasts
with his belt and I got very excited by it. I was not tied and
could have covered them with my arms but I didn't. I just
strained to push them out for him. Did Dad ever whip your
breasts?"
    " Yes but not for some time after he had started spanking my
butt. He told me not to drive the car till he had the brakes
fixed. For some reason I can't remember now I needed to go to
town and I thought I would be all right as long as I was careful
as they worked a little. I rear-ended someone and when he found
out he was furious. He told me I had to be punished but a
spanking was no good since I enjoyed them. He tied me to a
kitchen chair with my arms behind my back and then whipped my
tits so hard they were bouncing all over my chest. It was
different because in a little while the excitement overcame the
pain but I stayed in that terrible moment just before you come. I
couldn't get past it and ended up sliding my butt forward on the
chair spreading my legs as I begged him to whip my pussy. When he
finally did I went into mind-boggling orgasms.
    I still have mixed feelings about it as they make me very
excited but I was never able to come from lashes to my breasts
only and he would punish me by whipping them till I was nearly
crazy and then just go sit in a chair as he watched me calm
down."
    "Maybe I am the same way. I might not have got off if I
didn't have something going at my pussy at the same time."
    I told her how I had put the doormat under me to prick my
pussy with the sharp straws while he was whipping my tits.
    " God, we get the same ideas. A few months after your Dad
died I became so desperate to come I rolled up our doormat and
straddled it so it would poke my pussy while I whipped my butt.
It didn't work for me because I would get so excited I would lose
all my coordination and couldn't whip and pump at the same time.
I tried other ways but I can never get off by punishing myself.
Tonight was the first time I have cum since your Dad died."
    " Jesus, that must have been awful not to come for all that
time. I went sixteen years without having an orgasm but now that
I have, even a few days between them will be torture."
    When I saw Tim the next day I told him I saw the way he was
admiring Shawn and if that is what he liked I would buy even
shorter skirts and even more transparent blouses. I was surprised
to find this didn't please him. "If I want you revealed to
everyone I will pick the time and the clothes if any. You just
continue wearing the same type clothes you are wearing now. You
already show too much of your body cheerleading now. When we are
alone you can model sexy things. At school or on the street I
want you covered. Do you understand?"
    "Yes. I didn't understand. I thought you wanted me to be
sexy."
    "Not for everyone. Incidentally I have noticed you and other
girls seem to go out of your way to flash your panties. To
discourage this I don't want you to wear them from now on. You
will of course wear your tights for cheerleading. If I hear
anyone say they saw your bare butt even for a second you will be
sorry."
    "Oh yes I agree! I would expect to be punished."
    "Yes but that presents a problem since whipping you only gets
you excited to the point you orgasm."
    "I am sure you will find something that just hurts me. If you
get mad at me you can experiment with different things. Oh I know
something! Mom told me that when dad punished her by whipping her
butt and thighs she could get excited but she could never cum. I
think I am the same way. There would be nothing worse than just
staying on the edge of an orgasm till exhaustion set in."
    " That is very interesting. Do you think you inherited the
tendency to be excited by pain from her?"
    "No. I think anyone can be excited if the circumstances are
right. I still hate to be hurt in common accidents like barking
my shins, stubbing my toes and like that. In order to enjoy pain
it has to be under sexy circumstances."
    "Oh that reminds me. Our swimming pool will be finished this
week. You said your Mom likes to swim. If you give me your sizes
I will pick up a couple of bathing suits for you and your mom for
the pool opening party this saturday."
    "On Wednesday he gave me a sack during study hall with the
suits. I didn't take time to look at them as I was trying to
study for our math test on Thursday. When he kept bugging me I
said, "Tim I love you but I have to study to get my grades up in
math."
    "Well okay. I guess that is the downside of being a beautiful
but dumb blonde."
    "Damnit I am not dumb. I'll bet I get a better grade than
you."
    " Oh yeah? What do you want to bet?"
    " If you get a better grade than me you can give me two
lashes for every point you beat me. If I win you have to take Mom
and me out to dinner at that fancy new French restaurant."
    "Make it three and you have a deal."
    "You got it Buster. You are in for a surprise, I hope you
saved your allowance."
    " He just laughed and moved to another table."
    I was really mad that he thought I was dumb and was
determined to show him. I studied till four in the morning. I
guess I overdid it. I must have been too tired. I thought I had
answered everything right but when the grades came out I only had
an eighty while he got a ninety-four. I wasn't a math whiz but it
only took a second to realize I was in for forty-two lashes. That
was a lot! My only hope was that he would give me a break and not
put them all on my butt. No matter how I begged he would not tell
me what he would do. All he would say was that we would have to
wait and see if I pissed him off before Saturday. I went out of
my way to please him Friday and Friday night.
    On Saturday morning I decided I had better let Mom know what
may happen to me. I was not sure if he would do it at the house
or later when we were alone but in case he did want to do it in
front of her I wanted her to be braced for it.
    "I think I had better not go. I don't know how I might react
to seeing you whipped. I don't know if I will get mad or excited
and either way may create a scene."
    "Oh no! You have to come with me. They have catered the food
and they will be mad at me if you don't show. I may really get
hurt. Forty-two lashes could be terrible if they are mad."
    "Well I wouldn't want that on my conscience. Where are the
swim-suits you said Tim had bought for us."
    "Ohmigod. I have been so busy I forgot about them. They are
in my room I'll bring them here."
    When I got back Mom had already taken off her clothes to try
on the suit. I was again impressed by how great her body was with
that tiny waist and nice butt and breasts and told her she would
look great at the party. I reached into the sack and found two
white silk thigh high robes, and two thong bikinis also white
silk. The bottoms were just G-strings with tiny silk strings to
go around our waist and through the crack of our butts. The top
was just a silk band wide enough to cover our nipples. Mom said,
    "I can't wear this! I barely know Tim and I don't know his
father at all. Look at it it looks gross with my crotch hair
peeping around the tiny triangle."
    "Mom you have to wear it. They are very expensive gifts and
Tim's feelings will be hurt. We can just take off the hair like I
did mine.You are just being old-fashioned. People in Europe and
Rio wear these on public beaches."
    "Maybe so but they don't wear them in Florida. I'll wear it
but I am going to wear shorts and halter over it. If I get
comfortable with the idea I'll take off the outer stuff if it
looks better with the hair gone."
    I didn't have the wax they used at the beauty parlor so I
just held a candle over her hair and let it soak in. I could tell
the heat excited her and when I ripped off the wax with the hair
I think she came.
    She got up an looked at her red pussy in the mirror then
said, "My God! I have never been this naked! I am sure I won't
have the nerve to be seen in the suit."
    I worried all the way to their house. I felt a little better
when they didn't say anything about her outfit. Tim's Dad was
almost as gorgeous as Tim. He had a big chest with a small
muscled stomach and a great butt. I knew Mom liked good butts on
men. And caught her watching his butt as he showed us his house
on the way to the pool.
    The pool turned out to be an inside pool and was beautiful
with a flagstone walkway around it and rock walls with a
waterfall. Mom gushed over it saying she would love it as she
could swim all winter.
    His dad made us some drinks. I don't know what was in them
but they tasted like chocolate and must have been strong because
after my second one Tim switched me to beer saying he did not
want me to get numb.
    After Mom had about three of them Tim's dad, Bob, told Mom
she looked a little overdressed for swimming. She just grinned
and took off the shorts and halter. Bob was really impressed and
held up her hand to twirl her around while he and Tim
complimented her on her great figure and flat tummy. I realized
Mom was about as vain as me as she posed for them then dived into
the water for a fast lap. When she came out of the water she was
naked. The white silk seemed to disappear when wet and her
nipples and the lips of her pussy were easy to see. She either
didn't notice or care because when the men whistled at her she
just struck a few more poses and when Bob put his arm around her
waist and patted her butt as he led her over to the table of
exotic goodies she just smiled more.
    Tim slid off my robe and we went in for a swim. So Mom took
Bob's hand and brought him in with her. When I got out and turned
around Mom looked at me and said, "Ohmigod. Do I look as naked as
her?"
    Bob answered, "Yes and just as beautiful."
    Mom giggled and grabbed Bob and Tim's hands as she said, "I
think that calls for another drink." 
    When they got out I saw that the guys suits became
transparent too and when Mom noticed she couldn't take her eyes
off Bob's humongous prick while he made more drinks. 
    When she had her drink she put her arm around Bob's waist as
he hugged hers then let her hand come down to feel the cheek of
his ass as he squeezed hers. Suddenly she turned to face him and
as she squeezed his butt with both hands she looked up at him
dreamily and said, " I understand my daughter made a bad wager."
    "So I heard. Do you think she should pay up?"
    " She has always been told not to go back on a bet or
promise." Her voice was a little shaky and there were tremors in
her muscles as he pulled her into his dick by her ass cheeks."
    I could hardly believe she was instigating this after what
she had said at our place. I decided if she wanted to see me
perform I would give her one she would never forget.
    " All right Tim." I said determinedly, "Let's get it over
with."
    "Okay but remember you lost a bet. This won't be easy."
    That scared me a little but I decided he could not hurt me
too much with my mom and his dad watching.
    He led me under a hook in the ceiling then reached under the
table to bring out a rope with a padded cuff attached to it and a
whip with six or seven leather thongs. He had me hold the whip in
my mouth while he threw the rope over the hook and pulled up my
arms till I was on my toes. He took off my bathing suit and
turned me to face his Dad and my Mom. 
    " Look at how great she looks Dad."
    I didn't expect to be naked since my butt was already bare
and was embarrassed to be nude in front of his dad but they made
me proud with compliments.
    When I looked at them I saw that Bob was leading Mom over
close to me and she had a wild look on her face. My excitement
was building and increased rapidly when they got to me and began
to caress and press against my butt, breasts and stomach.
    Mom said with a tremor, "Ooh Kay. You are so beautiful. Your
stomach is so flat and firm."
    I felt proud and excited but wanted to get on with it so I
was relieved when Bob pulled her back out of the way to say, "You
are beautiful too and also should be naked."
    She had a glazed look on her face and made no protest when he
took off her suit keeping her eyes glued to me.
    Tim turned me around and told me to count as he did not want
me to say later he had cheated. This excited me even more as each
count amounted to my asking for the lash. My count started with
pauses between lashes but as they went on I found I was counting
faster. By the twenty-fifth lash which had all landed on my butt
or upper thighs I was at the peak of my excitement and instead of
counting I began to chant, "Please, please, please!"
    "Please what, Kay?"
    "Please hit my front. I need you to hit my front!"
    He began whipping my breasts. I looked down as the burn and
throbbing pain increased to see them jumping wildly as the
nipples hardened to be pushed in by the lash only to pop back out
for more.
    I began to moan , "Lower,lower." the lashes began creeping
down my stomach until they were crossing my pubic bone.
    At that I began to spread my legs, When he was satisfied they
were wide enough he whipped across my cunt-lips as I screamed the
count. At thirty nine he started uppercuts to the center and I
began the first of my orgasms. I was still having them when he
unhooked the rope to let me down I didn't let him untie my hands
since I was in such a hurry to pull down his suit and have him
lay on his back so I could plunge and grind his dick in my pussy
as I watched Bob and Mom.
    Bob was sitting on a chair with mom between his legs while he
pulled her tits and nipples out and around as far as they would
stretch while she dug at her pussy with this demented look on her
face. Finally he pulled another whip out from under the table and
rubbed the thongs against her tits.
    "This is what you need isn't it Kathy?"
    "Ooooh yes. Yes!"
    Then she moved forward and rested her head on her arms while
she pushed her butt up in the air. At each lash she spread her
legs a little wider and tilted her pelvis back and forth in time
with his blows.
    When he stopped she got up on her knees and turned sideways
to him while putting her hands behind her head to push out her
tits to make it plain what was to be the next target. He really
hit them hard making them compress, lift, separate, or be pushed
down with each lash to their maximum amount of stretch. Even this
wasn't enough as she fell back with her heels holding up her ass
and her legs spread widely to absorb I don't know how many lashes
right on her pussy. By this time Tim's dick had given up and gone
soft as I tried to get off one more time rubbing my clit against
it.
    Mom must have gotten off because she put her legs tightly
together and pushed herself up to put as much of Bobs dick in her
mouth as she could, He came so hard in a few moments I was afraid
he might have a heart attack.
    We finally just flattened out on the cool flagstones to calm
down. We must have all fallen asleep for awhile because when I
felt Tim move against me I saw the sun had gone down.  
    None of us felt like drinking any more so Mom got up to make
coffee. She started to put on her shorts but Bob stopped
her."Don't put those on.I love to watch your beautiful body move.
I will get some salve to put on your welts."
    "No. Please leave them. They will just remind me of the most
glorious orgasm I have had since my husband died. The slight
stinging I feel just keeps my excitement alive."
    " You are not alone. I haven't cum that hard since my wife
was killed. You can never know how happy I am to find you. I had
just about given up hope of ever finding anyone like her."
    "What happened to her?"
    "She was killed in an auto accident. Even in death she helped
us since the insurance company paid us their policy limit of one
million dollars since she was an integral part of our business.
She would do anything for us."
    " I am sorry for you. I know how you must have felt when she
died. I was desolate when my husband died because I was sure I
would never find anyone like him either. All the men I met after
him were such wimps I didn't want have anything to do with them.
He worked himself to death to be able to satisfy my every whim.
If there was anything she did for you that I can do I will be
glad to comply."
    " I doubt that you would want to go that far. She was always
testing her maximum threshold of pain. Some of the things she
asked me to do were very extreme. I have to admit her agreement
to do anything I wanted and better yet to dream up other things
for me to do for me made me feel very powerful and loved."
    "Oh God I know just how she felt! The more I suffered the
more I proved my love and the more he loved me. I expected to be
punished when I had done something wrong but it was even more
satisfying when I volunteered to be punished for no reason other
than to prove I was willing to undergo anything for him."
    "She must have felt the same way because whenever I got too
busy in my work to pay a lot of attention to her she would invent
something exciting to do to her."
    " Oh that is fascinating. What sort of things?"
    " There were many but I suppose the thing that proved to me
that she wanted to be mine forever is when she formed my first
and last initial out of wire and then had me heat them red hot
and brand both lips of her pussy. She always kept all the hair
plucked off her cunt and enjoyed the fact the brands would show
up even better when I whipped her pussy and they would have a
different shade of red."
    "Jesus. If that didn't prove love nothing would. I guess I
have little imagination. I would just think of different
instruments to whip me with. The most painful was when I had him
use barbed wire. He would never do that again because I bled so
much and the bruises lasted so long."
    This conversation was making me terribly horny so I broke in,
    "Tim, after you whipped me at the studio I had a fantasy that
night where three people whipped me at the same time on my butt,
pussy, and breasts. I had a small orgasm just thinking about it.
Would you all like to do that to me? If you do I will get all of
you to cum with my mouth. Mom too."
    Bob was first to answer. " I am sure that would be very
exciting. How would we decide who would whip which part and how
many you should get?"
    "I have already thought about that. You can each pick a card
out of the deck. High card gets my pussy and next highest my
breasts. The lowest my ass. The value of the highest card will be
the amount. At worst one of you will draw an ace which would be
fourteen. I know I wouldn't be hurt badly on any one place with
only fourteen but having them all hit at once should increase the
pain. The other part of my fantasy is to be tied very tightly
standing up with my legs spread and facing a mirror so I can see
the lashes hit."
    Tim said excitedly, " We have just the place. The whole wall
is a mirror in the bedroom and we can tie your hands to the light
fixture and your legs to the feet of the bed and the large
dresser."
    Bob chimed in," Yes and since it is best to hit the pussy
directly whoever gets that part could lay on the floor so he
would not block the view and could use this as it does not need a
large swing to be very effective."
    He reached under the table and brought out a strap about
three inches wide and a foot long attached to a wood handle.
There were hole drilled through the leather and it excited me to
imagine the polka dots it would leave on my skin."
    I was excited about the idea and said, "Yes, that would be
perfect!"
    Mom looked worried, " Are you sure Kay? I made one like that
for your Dad. It is a lot worse than it looks. I could barely
stand it on my ass."
    " That is even better. I have never come close to my limit
yet. Maybe that will do it. Could I ask for some other things? I
think I should be gagged so I can't beg you to stop in case it
does surpass my limit and could we videotape it so I could watch
it in case I space out and miss something? Oh yes put on some
music with a heavy beat so you can all stay in time to make all
the lashes fall at the same time."
    Tim said " That is no problem. I will use two cameras so you
can see your butt being hit too. Stay here and have a drink while
I set everything up. You may want a strong one. We won't know if
we are hitting too hard if you are gagged."
    I took his advice and was sipping on a triple shot of whiskey
when he came back in with a deck of cards.
    "We are all set. I think you should pick our cards for us."
     I thought fate must have decided I needed a lot as I picked
an ace for Mom, a Queen for Tim and a nine for Bob. It wasn't
till much later that tim confessed he had brought back a pinochle
deck with a low card of nine. 
    I gulped down the rest of the drink and followed Tim to the
bedroom. I was trembling with excitement as I held out my hands
and spread my legs to be tied. Before he put on my gag I must
have realized I should have an excuse to be so perverted I had
asked for so much pain and I said tremously, "Tim. I have done
nothing wrong to deserve pain. I am accepting forty two lashes
for you to prove how much I love you and am willing to suffer for
you. You must hit me hard as the more I hurt the more I may prove
my love."
    He said, "Darling, This will definitely prove your love and
we will have the videotape to remind me of how you suffered for
me."
    The ball gag sealed my mouth so completely I could only
breathe through my nose. Mom slid in between my legs and
positioned herself so when she brought up the strap from the
floor behind her head the end would hit just above my clit. It
was wide enough to cover the whole face of my pussy.  I was
panting and beginning to sweat with excitement when Tim said,
"Just nod your head when you are ready." I nodded and Tim pushed
a button on a remote control to start the CD player. A song with
a heavy drumbeat began and Tim yelled "One" over the music. On
the first one they were not perfectly timed but they were into it
by the third as my body caught fire. I thought I may have asked
for too much since the pain was nearly unbearable but by about
the sixth I got into it and was able to open my eyes to stare in
fascination as my tits went out of shape with each stroke and my
pussy lips jumped and squirmed as Mom brought the paddle into me.
I began to orgasm by about the seventh lash but this time my
orgasms just seemed to increase the pain and I was screaming
through my nose when it was finally over.
    The guys were so horny when they got to the last lash they
just dragged Mom out from between my legs and Time drove his dick
into her pussy while Bob turned her head to the side so he could
put his dick in her mouth. I continued to orgasm while hanging
from the ropes till I passed out.
    When I came around I was lying on my stomach while Bob and
Tim were putting salve on my ass. My pussy was still on fire and
I sighed with relief when they turned me over to put salve on it
and my breasts.
    " Oh God Mom what did you do to my poor pussy? It is on
fire!"
    She solved the problem by putting some ice in a wet towel and
laying it on my crotch. That took away the burn in a little while
and I was able to lift up the towel to look at it. The poor thing
was beet red, swollen, and throbbing. There were no polkadots as
I had expected since it had been hit so many times.
    I was sniffling as I caressed it lightly with more salve as
Mom said, "I tried to warn you Honey. I tried to hit you easy but
I admit I may have hit harder at the end when I became so
terribly excited."
    By this time we were all very tired so I asked Tim to take us
home. On the way out Bob stopped Mom.
    "Kathy, You were wonderful. I think we would be marvelous
together. Would you and Kay move in with us. If it works out you
may want to marry me."
    " Bob it was wonderful to me too but I don't know if I am
ready to commit myself that much yet. I know I will want to be
with you. Very much and often. I'll let you know soon."
    When we were in the car I was disappointed she had not jumped
at his offer. The idea of being with Tim all the time had me so
excited I had pulled up my skirt so I could rub my pussy
sensuously against the fabric of the car seat.
    " Mom! Why didn't you say yes? He is rich, good looking, and
he gives you fantastic orgasms."
    " Yes but I can't cum constantly. I don't know what he is
like when he is not whipping or fucking me. He scares me a little
and he may end up disappointed in me."
    " Disappointed? What are you talking about, he loved you."
    " Didn't you hear what he said? His wife had him brand her
pussy. I am not brave enough to ask for that. God knows what else
she had him do."
    "Hell you had Dad whip you with barbed wire. Nothing could
hurt more than that."
    "Yes but we got carried away. I didn't know he would hit that
hard and that long."
    By that time we were home and I could hardly wait to get my
clothes off so I could caress my tender breasts and pussy, so I
just said." Well think about it. You know how I feel."
    The next day at school Tim came up to me to say  that they
had planned a special day for Mom and me. They had arranged for
us to get the full treatment at their beauty salon and then we
were to go to Madame Faucher's to pick up some clothes they would
select for us.
    The salon was fantastic! We had never been so pampered. We
were given a full body massage, facial, pedicure, manicure, a
bubble bath, hairdo, and our faces made up by a cosmetician. We
both looked beautiful and even better after getting our clothes.
They had picked out really sexy underwear and two beautiful silk
cocktail dresses. We had taken so long while the dresses were
fitted to our bodies that we had barely gotten home when they
picked us up.
    They complimented us on our beauty then took us to a great
French restaurant. The food was wonderful and they poured wine in
my glass which made me feel older and sophisticated.
    They were very sweet to us on the way home. When they
suggested we give them a fashion show modelling our new underwear
we were happy to do it. We really felt pretty and sexy as they
complimented us on our beauty and applauded when we did our
poses.
    I noticed Tim's dick was making a bulge in his pants so I
took off my bra and panties and touched it. I looked up at his
face and pleaded, "Please let me suck it for you. You have made
me so happy."
    " Alright. Take off my pants and shorts while I get rid of
this shirt."
    While I was doing this I noticed Mom had followed my lead and
was frantically pulling off Bob's pants. When I had his prick in
my mouth I twirled my tongue around it while I gently caressed
his balls. He sighed in pleasure and told me not to let my teeth
touch it. When he came I kept it in my mouth until it was nearly
soft. Suddenly I perversely decided to bite it just to see his
reaction. I just bit down gently and I am sure I didn't really
hurt him but he jumped and said "You are going to get it for
that."
    When I just leaned back on my heels and grinned at him. He
said, "You want it don't you? Damn it! I was going to be nice to
you tonight. Stand up and give me my belt."
    I felt almost sick with excitement when I handed it to him.
    "Since you want it so bad. You will have to do it yourself. I
promised myself I wouldn't hurt you tonight. I am going to swing
this belt around like a windmill. If you really want it just back
up into it."
    I turned my back and looked at him as he swung the belt
around in a circle with the tip just above the rug as it came
forward. He was swinging it so fast it was just a blur and was
making a whirring sound as it flew through the air. I let my
excitement build as I listened to the belt and then slowly moved
back while bent over until the tip hit my right ass cheek. It
really hurt and I straightened up to make it miss. Then I gritted
my teeth and bent over and back again. It did not seem quite as
bad as I moved my ass back and forth and sideways to cover every
inch of it with welts. I finally gathered enough excitement and
courage to spread my legs and center the belt to cover my pussy.
My excitement kept building till my orgasms started and I was
able to tilt my pelvis so the end hit my clit. This did it! I
fell forward and on my knees with my stomach muscles pulsating
with orgasms.
    Through a daze I heard Tim say, "I can't wait to get my prick
into that hot pussy!" He jammed his dick in so fast and hard I
would have fallen on my face if he hadn't held my ass up by
gripping my waist. I could feel my nipples dragging back and
forth on the rug as he plunged into me until he came and let me
fall forward and lie panting on my back as our skin slid around
in the wetness of our sweat.
    Finally he recovered enough to help me to the couch where I
laid back straddle-legged while Mom went into the kitchen to make
us all drinks. I was still breathing hard and was wet with sweat
when she came back and gave me my drink. I gulped it and she
asked, "Are you alright? You were awfully brave. I saw you let
the belt hit on your clit. You must have taken a lot of lashes."
    Tim was rubbing his arm. "God yes! I couldn't have given her
many more. My arm was worn out."
    "I am fine Mom. My pussy is burning and stinging but I want
it to stay that way for awhile. I am still getting aftershocks."
    Bob and Tim stayed for another drink as they hugged and
kissed us then told us they had to go because they would be
getting up early to go to Seattle for supplies. On the way out
Bob told Mom to pack her things and he would pick them up when
they got back.
    When they left I asked Mom what he meant about packing.
    "I decided to move in with him. I think I need to be with you
when Tim punishes you to protect you. You are so crazy he might
really injure you."
    " Oh Mom I am so happy! Speaking of punishment, why didn't
Bob whip you?"
    "I came so hard watching your punishment while he butt-
fucked me I wasn't in the mood for more. When he asked me if I
wanted to be whipped I just said he could if he wanted to. He
refused! He told me he would only whip me when I wanted it or
deserved it. That convinced me he would never hurt me against my
will so I decided to move in with him. I know that if I do
something wrong that deserves punishment it will be because I
consciously or subconsciously am asking for it."   
    My pussy was a little bruised the next day but I didn't mind
because it kept me constantly aware that it was there and brought
back memories of the excitement while I packed. He didn't need
any of our furniture so we just packed our clothes, toilet
articles, and some things Mom wanted from the kitchen.
    Mom called a rental agency to rent our house although it
didn't look as if we would need the money.
    We must have changed clothes a dozen times trying to decide
how they wanted us to be dressed. At one point we thought about
going stark naked. I again had to admire how good Mom's body was
and lifted and felt her firm breasts. One thing led to another
and we ended up in a 69. We both managed to cum as we licked and
pinched each others pussies which made us a little calmer for the
endless wait for them to come into our driveway to pick us up.
    They finally came in driving one of the company vans. We both
ran out to them to hug and kiss them and tell them how happy we
were to see them.
    Bob finally held Mom away from him so he could talk to her.
    "Kathy. Tim and I were talking on the way home. We want you
to know definitely what you are agreeing to. There will be good
times and bad times but at all times You and Kay must know that
you belong to us totally. Either of you will obey Tim or me
without question. From past experience we may want to demonstrate
your obedience to others. This could be embarrassing or
humiliating to you."
    I broke in at that point, "I don't know about Mom but I will
be happy to show my obedience to anyone or to a crowd."
    "Thank you Kay. What do you think Kathy?"
    Mom made a little gulp and answered, "Yes I guess so. I have
never performed in front of others. My husband would not even let
me dress in sexy clothes in public."
    "A guess is not good enough. Picture this scene. We are on a
stage in front of a whole theatre of people. I tell you to take
off all your clothes and kneel before me and beg for a whipping.
Would you do it?"
    God I almost came just at the thought of it. I was relieved
to hear Mom say, "Yes if it would please you. Actually it sounds
very thrilling."
    "Alright. Lets load up the van."
    It didn't take us long since we were not taking any
furniture. I was a little disappointed neither of them had
commented on how pretty we looked after changing clothes, makeup,
and hairdos to look our best so I said, "Do you like our outfits?
Since we look so much alike we decided to go as twins." We had
worn the skimpiest underwear they had bought us with transparent
blouses and white mini-skirts we had hemmed up to barely cover
our crotches.
    " You both look beautiful but since this is a special night
we brought you special costumes. Let's go back in the house so we
can put them on you. I think you will like them, they were quite
expensive."
    They had us take off all our clothes. When we were standing
in front of them with our tummies sucked in to look our best he
reached into a box. "These should impress on you the fact that
you will be helpless."
    They had us put our hands behind our back so they could put
on some beautiful gold-plated handcuffs, then gold shackles for
our ankles and finally another set that went around our biceps to
hold our elbows together forcing out our breasts.
    Then they brought out What looked like an elaborate necklace
made of several gold chains. It was no necklace. They put clips
with tiny teeth on them on our nipples. The top chain was short
enough to pull our nipples together enough to create some
cleavage while the rest of the chains were progressively longer.
It felt like tiny animals were biting my nipples and the illusion
increased at the slightest movement since the chains were so
heavy. They had similar jewelry for our pussies. Tim said, "These
hide your pussy enough to create mystery and yet are easy to lift
out of the way. See?"
    At that he lifted the chains up to my stomach, then dropped
them! My little animals became vicious. I had to jump from the
pain which made the teeth in my pussy lips dig in. By the time I
got smart and stood perfectly still my breasts were still moving
as I panted from the excitement. Mom was getting in to it. She
was bending forward and wagging her shoulders to make her breasts
move. We both decided to see what we looked like and walked to
the mirror. Every step, no matter how smooth we tried to walk,
caused more bites to our nipples and pussy lips.
    After we admired ourselves and agreed with the guys that the
costume made us look very sexy we went down the steps and got
into the van. By the time I had sat down in the seat next to Tim
I was doubly excited not only from the pain but by the knowledge
that I was bound too tightly to protect myself in any way. I
almost came just by imagining the feeling if he decided to jerk
on my chains.
    The ride to their house caused never-ending pain since with
our elbows bound behind us we had to lean forward with the chains
jerking at each bump in the road.
    By the time we had reached the house Mom and I were begging
them to fuck us. I thought they might take the chains off our
pussies but they just took off our cuffs and shackles so we could
get on our hands and knees so they could fuck us dog-fashion. We
knew we could stop the pain to our nipples a lot just by letting
our breasts down to the floor. Neither of us did anything to 
lessen the pain. If anything we exaggerated the movement of our
breasts as their loins beat against our butts. We both had great
orgasms and the guys must have been pleased because they took off
the chains as a reward. We both had a few drops of blood on our
nipples and pussy from the clamps but the pain went away as soon
as they were removed.
    It was wonderful to wake up with Tim's arm around me I really
resented having to get up to go to school. Thank God it was our
last day before summer vacation. 
      When we got home Tim suggested we have a swim while Mom
made dinner and we waited for Bob to get home from work. The
water felt very sensuous against my nude body and I tried to get
Tim to make love to me but he just gave me a little kiss and
pushed me away as he told me he could only cum so many times and
wanted to save himself for later when his dad came home. I felt
frustrated and began to play with my clit but he stopped me
telling me he wanted me to wait.
    Naturally I was elated when we heard his car and Mom and I
ran to meet him at the front door. Mom was only wearing a small
frilly apron but this was too much for Bob. "Take off that apron!
If I want your body hidden I will put clothes on you. When I left
you were naked and I expected you to stay that way."
    Mom said she was sorry and that she wouldn't put anything on
again unless she asked him if it was all right. She offered
herself for punishment but he told her that he was not sure he
had given her that rule. To make sure rules would not be broken
in the future he had typed a list which he would go over at
dinner.
    Mom had gone all out for dinner. She made a Prime rib roast,
salad and vegetables. It tasted wonderful and Bob said the first
rule was that you would share the work around the house equally,
however, Kathy is an excellent cook so Kay will help with the
preparation and do the clean-up after. I expect Kathy to teach
Kay to cook as well as she does in the event Kathy and I leave
for a few days so Tim will have a cook. Mom had always done all
the cooking I couldn't even fry an egg but I was anxious to learn
so I could be complimented for the effort like Mom.
    The rules were fairly simple. We were only allowed to wear
costumes they picked out. If there were no directions we would be
naked. We were expected to keep the house spotless and would be
punished if it wasn't. Then he had more news.
    "Now that you are here I decided that I want to be with you
as much as possible so I appointed Tom Derek to be general
manager of our businesses. He will only call me if there is a
problem he does not know how to solve. I will just go in once a
week to check the books to make sure our profit remains the same
or increases. He has two incentives to make a profit. He will get
a share of the profit and if there is a loss he may lose his job.
    To increase our privacy there is a man installing a remote
control gate at our driveway. Since the whole place is surrounded
by electric fence to keep the horses in we should not have any
intruders. Neither of you is to let anyone in unless Tim or I are
here. I have also cancelled my gardening and pool cleaning
services. Tim and I will monitor the pool since you have no
expertise in that field and you will take care of the gardening.
Since most of the land is in pasture and shade trees you will
just have to care for the lawn, shrubs and flowers round the
house."
    Mom said, "Have you picked out clothes to wear for the
outside work?"
    "All you will need is gloves and shoes. The only people who
can see you will have to be in an airplane. If you see one you
can get under a tree."
    "Yes but it is awfully hot in the summer and cold in the
winter."
    Bob shrugged saying, "In the summer you can wear sun block
lotion. I like to see you sweat. In the winter you will only be
out in the cold for short periods."
    I shivered at the thought of shovelling snow at twenty
degrees stark naked. I knew I would do it though since it would
be a good test of my obedience and told him so.
    "Yes speaking of obedience. Tim and I have decided to test
your obedience. You may refuse any of our demands but if you do
you will be punished. We are going to experiment with
punishments.  Since both of you are excited by everything we have
done so far we will try other things to find something that will
cause pain without excitement but will not scar you. Now get Tim
and I a beer. We will be waiting for you in the living room."
    We hurried out to them with their beers and they gave us
fingernail clippers.
    "Cut your fingernails close and keep them that way. When we
go out you may wear false nails. I didn't know why he wanted us
to do this but decided it was a very simple test. When we were
done Tim said, "We decided we wanted to see more of you. Spread
your legs and open your pussies with your fingers. We want to see
as far into you as possible."
    This was the ultimate limit of nakedness. I put two fingers
of each hand deep in my pussy and spread it till I was afraid the
skin would tear from the stretching. They kept saying Mom's was
wider open or mine was until we just couldn't open it anymore in
a standing position.
    Bob said, "I think Kathy did the best. Kathy keep it open
like that. Kay, kneel and stick your tongue into her pussy as
deep as you can and move it around. We will judge your success by
the actions of your mother."
    This was no test for me either since Mom always kept her
pussy clean and I enjoyed turning her on. I worked till my tongue
was tired and Mom was beginning to tremble as she soaked my face
with juice. Just before she came Bob told me to sit back and push
two fingers in her pussy and work them around, Then three
fingers, then four and finally they said to put my thumb in my
palm and push my whole hand in. I looked at Mom's face and she
said gasping, "Go ahead Honey, I can take it. The doctor does it
with bigger fingers than you."
    I watched in amazement as my hand slowly worked into her
pussy. Finally the ends of my fingers were pushing against her
cervix so I closed my hand to take the pressure off it. By the
time my hand was inside her up to my watch she was gasping and
pulsating. When Tim told me to pump my fist in and out she
grabbed my wrist and pushed it deeper and up against her clit
than I would have ever done on my own, When she reached orgasm my
wrist watch was beating against her clit."
    Bob had her sit on the couch to recuperate and sent me for
more beer while they hugged and kissed her.
    When I returned Mom had recovered and was smiling.Tim said,
    "I guess it is time to get your reactions to fist fucking."
    " Oh No Please! My pussy is too small it will kill me!" as an
after thought I added in argument, "I want it to be tight so you
will enjoy fucking me."
    " That is your option. We will punish you instead."
    I was relieved because I had always managed to turn their
pain into excitement. They tied my ankles together and lifted me
up in the air by them. Again I was relieved because My legs were
tight together to protect my pussy. My relief left me when Tim
produced a thin cane and began beating the soles of my feet. I
had no idea my feet were so sensitive The pain was fierce and got
worse with each blow, by about the tenth I was screaming,
    "No! God No more. You can fist-fuck me! All of you can! Just
please stop."
    Tim took me loose and carried me to the pool where I could
put my feet in the cool water. I gently massaged the soles as Tim
said, "I guess we have found one method that is pure punishment."
    "Oh yes! That was awful! Just pure pain with no excitement at
all. Please don't ever do it again."
    "I can't promise that. But you will have to do something
really bad before I will."
    Eventually my feet felt a little better so I limped back to
the living room. Mom asked me how I was so I told her how awful
it was. I noticed Bob had handcuffed her wrists behind her back.
I was wondering what she would be asked to do. Bob enlightened
us,
    "Tim I don't know about you but this beer is pressing on my
bladder and we have the perfect receptacle. Kathy you will get
into the bathtub and hold your mouth open so we can relieve
ourselves." 
    "Oh shit. That sounds really disgusting. I will get sick. If
I don't do it will you beat my poor feet?"
    "No. We already know that is effective. We will do something
different."
    "Then I refuse. I would rather be punished."
    Bob tied her ankles to rope then lifted her upside down with
her legs spread. We both thought the punishment would go to her
pussy since it was so vulnerable. We waited in fear and
excitement for Tim to return so we could see what kind of whip
would be used. He returned with two whips made of thick rubber
tie downs attached to long handles. Bob got on one side while Tim
got on the other. I was really afraid for her as I knew those
heavy things would cause terrible bruises to her pussy. To our
surprise they began whipping her shins and lower legs. Mom
screamed at the first one and her screams intensified with each
one till she began to babble.
    "Stop, stop ,stop. You can piss in my mouth. You can shit in
it. Just please...Please stop!"
    They took her down and carried her to the pool. Then Tim got
the salve to put on her shins and bruised legs when the burning
had stopped. When they led her in to lay on the couch she was
still in enough pain to limp.
    Bob looked at me and said, "Now I have to piss more than
ever. Kay do you want to help us out."
    I didn't care how disgusting that may be I could not take the
punishment Mom had borne. I simply nodded and walked slowly to
the bathroom. They had me kneel in the tub and told me to tilt my
head back, and close my eyes. I was relieved to hear Tim say,
"You don't have to drink it. Just let it run out of your mouth."
    Even though I didn't have to drink it the taste was vile as
they seemed to piss gallons into my mouth and over my face and
hair to cascade down my body. When they were finally done my
whole body was reeking from the smell of their piss. They said
they were going to check on Mom and told me to stay there. I
knelt there stinking and completely humiliated. By the time they
returned the piss had dried on my body and was causing my skin to
itch. I was so relieved when they came back to tell me I could
shower I would have done anything for them. I stayed in the
shower a long time washing and rewashing my hair and body to
scrub every trace of smell from me. My mouth still tasted bad so
I brushed my teeth and used a lot of mouthwash.
    When I went back to them they asked me how I felt.
    "It was disgusting and terribly humiliating but certainly
better than having my feet or shins punished."
    "Good that is the proper attitude. I think you will find
anything we ask you to do will be better than the alternative
punishment."
    "As you can see Kathy is taking care of Tim. You can do the
same for me."
    Mom was kneeling in front of Tim gagging occasionally as she
tried to force his dick into her throat. I knelt in front of Bob
and put his penis in my mouth as I gently caressed his balls.
    "No. Don't use your hands. Just your mouth and tongue and get
it into your throat."
    I really tried but his dick was wider than Tim's and I just
could not get it into my throat. When he complained I said,
    "I am trying but I can't. Maybe I need more incentive. Would
you like to spank me while I do it till you come?"
    " That might help. Go get a whip." There were several whips
and switches to choose from but I brought back my favorite
thonged whip as I knew it would sting and burn without bruising
me. I knelt down again and offered it to him. As soon as I had
his prong in my mouth he began whipping my butt over my
shoulders. My excitement increased rapidly as I spread my legs to
give the thongs access to my pussy while I jammed my head into
him till my throat opened up and my nose was buried in his crotch
hair. I went into orgasms so strong I didn't even notice when he
came down my throat until he pushed my head back. I tumbled onto
my back and dug furiously at my pussy to keep the orgasms coming
as long as possible. I saw Mom was doing the same thing when we
finally collapsed.
    We were both sopping wet from the sweat from our exertions so
Bob told us to take a shower.
    We really enjoyed the warm water in the shower as we washed
every inch of each others body. Mom slapped me playfully on my
red butt and said, "If we keep this up we are going to look like
those red-butted baboons."
    "Yeah but those baboons butts probably don't sting and burn
and cause great orgasms."
    "Don't forget we did not enjoy our punishments to our feet
and shins at all. They may have additional methods that could be
as bad or worse. Bob said we could leave any time we wanted to.
Maybe we should before we are badly hurt."
    " Oh no Mom! This is the greatest adventure of our lives.
Even that terrible punishment doesn't hurt much now. All we have
to do is keep them happy."
    "I am glad you feel that way. I agree, it was just that I was
feeling guilty about getting you into something that brought such
terrible pain."
    I was even happier about our decision when we went back to
them. Bob said, "We are very proud of both of you and you deserve
a reward." They had us lay down and they went down on us till we
were whimpering with the emotions caused by the gentle
ministration of their tongues until we had satisfying although
not crashing orgasms.
    A little later they told us to make sandwiches and coffee
while they went out to the van to bring in some of the "supplies"
they had bought in Seattle.
    While we were eating our emotions swung from elation, to
excitement, to fear as they would bring out alternatively
beautiful clothing, followed by bondage instruments, to every
type of whip and other torture devices imaginable. It may seem
weird but the many different items to whip or spank my body or to
clamp my nipples and pussy excited me more than all the dildoes
and other sex toys. They had us try all the sex toys. I found I
liked the fake dongs that vibrated the best but none of them
really turned me on. Mom liked one that was about the same width
as a softball bat and had a crank on the end. When Bob turned the
crank the rubber dong would squirm around like a snake. Mom got
off on it but I didn't until Tim put alligator clamps on my
nipples and belly while Bob turned the crank.
    They had us model all the clothes, including tiny shorts and
halters. Then all the g-strings and pasties for our nipples. One
set was very exciting. They were plastic balls on the ends of
string that had pinpoints sticking out of them. They glued them
to our nipples and above our pussies so every step caused one or
more points to stick into our tits and pussies. They had us dance
to a heavy drumbeat while we shook our tits and did bump and
grinds till we were covered with tiny drops of blood and we
attacked them to fuck us. I enjoyed having Tim's body pressing
against me because I knew the pins pushing into me were going
into him as well and it made me proud I could get him so excited
he would accept the pain. Bob fucked Mom dog fashion so he was
not hurt as the balls crashed against her with his thrusts. It
must have excited her a lot because when he pulled out of her she
rolled over on her back and pushed the balls into her nipples
with her palms.
     By this time it was late and we were all tired so the four
of us climbed into Bob's kingsize bed to fall into heavy sleep.
    We slept late. Mom woke me to help her make brunch so it
would be ready when the men got up. She made an elaborate brunch
with crepes, ham, bacon, shirred eggs, and sliced fruit. We had
barely finished when they came in. They were lavish with praise
for her cooking. I felt left out till Mom told them I had been a
big help and I was able to share the praise.
    Of course we were both stark naked and when we brought coffee
to them by the pool Tim noticed a few hairs had grown out on my
pussy. They had us lay with our butts on their laps while they
pulled out the hairs with tweezers. It didn't hurt that bad and
was very exciting to have them pull the lips around looking for
more hair.
    I was already very excited when they decided we should wear a
costume. The costume amounted to a chain running between the lips
of our pussies and the crack of our ass to another chain tight
around our waists. The top was another chain attached to our
nipples with alligator clips. It was very exciting as the chain
at our crotches rubbed against our clits at every step while the
clips nibbled at our nipples. They teased us by having us get
them things to keep us walking. We finally got so excited we were
begging them to fuck us. 
    Bob said, "You might be excited but we aren't. Why don't you
think of something that may get us excited too?"
    That was a lie! I could tell they both had hard-ons under
their shorts but I called Mom over for a conference. We tried
several ideas then settled on one that we thought would be
exciting for both us and them. I was the spokesman.
    "You both like to see our pussies get whipped. Would it
excite you if we put our butts together and brought the whip
between our legs to whip each others pussies."
    Tim said, "Yeah that would do it for me. How many lashes?"
    We hadn't discussed that but I told them we would do it till
they were ready. Tim checked with Bob and they agreed this would
be fine. They moved their chairs so Tim would have a close look
at my pussy while Bob watched Moms. 
    Mom brought her whip between her legs to hit me first. I had
to gasp as it was fantastically exciting. The chain protected my
clit but the chain would press into it as the lips caught fire.
My lash to her brought the same reaction. It was hard to aim the
lash properly as our excitement built and we found ourselves
spreading our legs further apart so we could hit them without
bouncing off our inner thighs. I have no idea how many lashes we
had given each other when Tim grabbed me to force the chain down
over my hips and lay me down on my back so he could fuck me in
the missionary position while pulling on the chain at my tits
with his teeth with each thrust to pull at my nipples with those
sharp teeth. My body seemed to explode with orgasms and I must
have passed out for a moment. I came around just as the guys were
coming back from the kitchen with beers for us and them. I needed
it. My mouth was cottony dry.
   By this time we were pretty well sated so we spent the rest of
the afternoon swimming and sampling wine Bob had picked up on his
travel to California.
    I eventually became hungry so I asked Mom what we should make
for dinner. 
    "You don't need to make dinner. I have a real craving for
lobster and we don't have any here. There is only one restaurant
in town that has live lobster and we will have to dress up for
it. I will make reservations while you girls put on the blue
dresses we picked out. Tim and I will put on suits and ties."
    Since Mom and I looked so much alike especially since she
looked younger than she was and I looked older than I was they
liked to dress us as twins. As an afterthought he told Mom to
make me up to look older as they would want to have drinks at the
restaurant and reminded us not to wear anything under the
dresses.
    The dresses were chinese style with slits on the sides of the
skirt nearly to the waist. The real difference was the low
necklines that barely covered our nipples. When we sat down to do
our make-up we noticed the dresses fell away to reveal the sides
of our legs and hips. It was very sexy and I was anxious to see
the expressions on the men's faces at the restaurant when we sat
down. The combination of the expensive, exotic silk dresses with
my hairdo and makeup made me look at least twenty-three. I was
sure I would not be carded.
    When we went back to the living room where they were waiting
for us they made us feel good by raving about our beauty as they
had us twirl so they could see all of us. The dresses were very
tight so even though both of us had flat tummies we found we were
keeping them sucked in even more. Just before we left Bob said,
    "You are so beautiful I am sure Tim and I will make love to
you as soon as we get back. I want you to be aware of the sexual
parts you will be using all the time you are away from here. Come
over close to us."
    When we stood in front of them they lifted the front of our
skirts so they could attach three tiny alligator clips to each
lip of our pussies then pulled the top down to attach slightly
larger ones to our nipples that had lead weights that fit in the
hollow space just below our breasts where they would not be
noticed. They certainly worked! They did not hurt that much but
we were aware of them all the time and more when we moved. It was
really hard to keep our hands away from our cunts or breasts as
we felt the need to tug on them to increase the feeling.
    The restaurant was beautiful and the service was excellent
with a tuxedoed waiter for every two tables. We were both
gratified by the admiring glances of the men at the restaurant
combined with the jealous looks of the women. One of the women
with a beautiful white scoop necked dress came over to compliment
us on our beautiful dresses. She was even more impressed when she
asked us where we bought them and Bob told her they were custom
made and gave her the name of the dressmaker in Seattle.
    I could hardly wait for her to leave so I could speak to Tim.
    "Tim. She must be like us! Did you notice when she bent over
to talk with us her neckline fell away and I could see her
nipples were pulled toward each other by a gold chain hooked to
rings in her nipples!"
    "It would have been hard to miss. She has lovely breasts.
Does the idea appeal to you?"
    "Oh God that must have hurt! It would be awfully exciting
though and you could use them to tie me into position. I wouldn't
be able to jump around while you were whipping me."
    "Yes it might be a good idea. Eat your dinner, we will talk
about it when we get home."
    The food was great but it seemed to last forever as my
excitement kept growing from my little animals biting at my pussy
and nips and imagining what it would feel like to have needles
pushed through my nipples to put in the rings.
    When we got to the deserted two lane road to our house the
guys let us take off our dresses so we could play with ourselves
the rest of the way home.
    When we got there they had us take off the clamps while they
undressed then made love luxuriantly on the fur rug in front of
the fireplace. After we came and we were lazily kissing and
hugging each other I said, " Tim, that was so wonderful. Do you
know why?"
    "Just because we are so suited to each other. Everyday I love
you more."
    "That is true, but what I thought was great was the fact that
I came without being whipped. I thought I was really perverted
but I can come like anyone else if I am excited long enough
before we fuck."
    "Yes but I may not have that much patience very often. I know
the clamps were building your excitement from the time we left
till we got back. That was over two hours."
    " I know and I don't expect you to wait that long. It was
just important for me to know that if we are in a situation that
won't allow you to whip me I still may come. I still want you to
hurt me so I can prove to you how much I love you."
    I was startled by Bobs voice.
    "Seeing the woman at the restaurant was quite a coincidence.
In the top drawer of the cabinet in the hall you will find two
black boxes. Get them and bring them here."
    I ran over to it and brought them back to him  He took them
from me and opened them then handed one to me and one to Mom.
    "If you have decided to stay with us we would like you to
wear these as a sign of your commitment."
    I looked into the box. There were two large rings with tags
with Tim's first and last initial and six smaller ones laying on
black velvet. They were beautiful.
    "Oh of course I will wear them! You know I am committed to
you Tim. I am only sorry I can't show them to the world!"
    Mom joined in, "Yes I will wear them even though I know how
much it hurts to put them on since Kay's dad had me wear them.
Could I have this favor? Would it be alright if I put some ice on
my nipples to numb them a little before you do it and can we just
do two of them per session? If that is alright we can do my
nipples tonight."
    Bob answered, "That would be acceptable. Go get some ice. The
needles are under the velvet."
    I looked under the velvet there were two large gold plated
needles for the large rings and two smaller ones for the other
rings I knew would be put in the lips of my pussy.
    I watched in fascination as she rubbed ice cubes on her
nipples until she said she was ready. Bob slowly pushed one of
the needles through her left nipple as he stretched it out by
holding onto the tip. He left that needle in to keep the hole
open until the bleeding stopped and repeated the operation to the
right needle. Finally he put in the rings. They looked great and
I reflected on the fact they showed a commitment much stronger
than any engagement ring could. I decided that it could not have
hurt terribly as Mom never screamed or sobbed. Her only reaction
was a tremor going through her body and tears falling from her
eyes.
    Tim offered me the ice but I refused. "No! I want them super
alive for this. The more it hurts the more I can prove my
commitment. Tie me to the center post and whip them with ten
lashes and then put them on."
    He tied my hands behind the post then put a belt around the
post and my waist to hold me in position. I felt my pussy getting
wet as he shook out the thongs and slowly brought back his arm as
he aimed at my hard nipples. I was panting with excitement as I
watched the first lash compress my breasts as the fire began. The
sting and burning rose along with my excitement.To my surprise
the piercing was an anticlimax. My nipples were stinging and
burning so much from the lashing, the pain from the needles being
pushed through them was not bad at all. I came as they were being
pushed through and I could see little drops of blood dripping off
the ends of the needles while he got the rings and put them on.
Then to keep me at the peak of my orgasms he knelt and began to
lick my clitoris until I spaced out and ended up hanging by the
belt around my waist.
    We celebrated by getting drunk while we entertained them with
belly-dancing and bump and grinds. Later Tim suggested we
demonstrate our technique in performing sixty-nine on each other.
Bob agreed and added, "We will make a contest to see who is most
sensitive. The first one to get off will get a reward the other
will be punished."
    Mom must have really wanted to win because she faked an
orgasm before I was even close. I protested and Bob agreed.
    "Come on Kathy! You have not been brought off that fast in
your life. Admit you were faking!"
    "Yes, you are right. I'm sorry. I didn't want you to think I
was not sensitive anymore because I am older."
    "Well you deserve to be punished both for lying and for
cutting an activity short that Tim and I were really enjoying.
    They tied her with her face out. Her arms and legs were
stretched and spread.
    "This is an item we have not tried before. You may hate it or
like it. It is an electric cattle prod. The man at the store said
it was about the same as grabbing a spark plug on a car."
    Mom watched wide eyed while he pushed it against her inner
thigh and pushed a button. She screamed and fought against the
ropes.
    "Obviously you don't like it there. Maybe it will be better
closer to your pussy."
    He held it against her other thigh very close to her pussy
and pressed the button again. Again Mom just screamed louder as
she fought the ropes.
    "Let's try it here."
    As he said this he held down the button and pressed it
against her right nipple. While she was still screaming he put it
on her other one."
    Her body went rigid and then slumped as she sobbed and
babbled, "No, no, no, please no more."
    Bob stepped back and let her calm down. "You seem to be very
sensitive to electrical shocks. Because of this if you ask me
nicely to give you one more on your pussy it will be the last one
forever."
    Moms eyes jumped open as her body became rigid again as she
moaned, "Ooooh nooo. Not there it would kill me."
     "Alright then if that is how you feel."
    He stepped behind her and held the button down as he jabbed
it into the cheeks of her ass over and over. The muscles in her
butt tensed with each jab and she began to scream again. Then he
stepped back in front of her and stood there calmly until she
opened her clenched eyes and saw him.
    "Oooh you are going to keep doing it until I ask you to do it
to my pussy aren't you?"
    "Well not forever, but there are a lot of places I haven't
touched yet."
    "Alright go ahead and do it." she said in resignation.
    "That is not asking me nicely." he put the prongs between the
lips of her pussy just below her clit and held it there with his
finger off the button.
    Mom took several deep breaths and bracing herself said,
"Please do it to my pussy." Her tremors must have made it touch
her clit because her scream changed to a screech and she slumped
in her bonds in a dead faint.
    We helped get her down and Bob carried her to the couch. I
was amazed that something could hurt that bad without leaving a
mark except for bruises on her wrists and ankles from fighting
the ropes. I am ashamed to say it made me very excited to see her
tortured that much and I pulled down Tim's shorts and got on my
tip-toes to jam his prick into me. It had excited Tim too so he
was happy to accommodate me. The surprise came when Bob came up
behind me to drive his humongous tool into my anus. This was a
new experience and I loved it as I was mashed between them and
completely filled internally. My excitement grew and I came just
as their dicks started to soften. I was so grateful I cleaned
both of their dicks with my tongue in spite of the fact some of
my shit was on Bob's.
    I laid on the floor between them while they idly played with
my nipples and worked their fingers into my pussy until we heard
Mom letting out low moans. Bob went over to hold her while she
cried, "Oh Bob. You must hate me to hurt me so badly."
    "No Darling, I love you more than I can say. It is just
important to me you never say 'No' to me."
    He kept kissing and hugging her till she was smiling and
crying at the same time. His lips were working their way from her
breasts toward her pussy when she said, " I'm sorry. Of course
you are right. I told you I loved you and would do anything for
you then I lied to you by faking orgasm and complained about
punishment I richly deserved. Do you forgive me?"
    "Yes I will always forgive you when I feel you have been
punished sufficiently. People react differently to shock. I
thought you might get into it. My wife used to push her nipples
into the electric fence till she came."
    " Well maybe it is too impersonal since it is just a machine
that works at the press of a button. Maybe if there were wires
attached to it you were whipping me with I might react
differently."
    God! That thought really turned me on I couldn't imagine the
pain of a lash and a shock at the same time but I was trying. I
could hardly wait for the chance to put my nipples on the fence.
    Bob interrupted my fantasy by saying, "I have a surprise for
you I was saving till you accepted our rings. Tim and I have a
project to do for the next four days so I have airplane and hotel
reservations for both of you in Los Angeles. Here are some
letters of introduction to some shops I know you will like on
Rodeo Drive and here are a gold card and a platinum one for you
to use while shopping."
    That was so typical of them. They would do something causing
horrendous pain then reward us with something to make our pain
seem insignificant.
    Mom spoke to me while Bob was showing Tim how to make some
exotic drinks,
    "Kay. I'm sorry I made such a fool out of myself but I can't
take pain as well as you. I was flabbergasted when you asked them
to whip your nipples before they put in the rings. That must have
been horrendous."
    I explained to her that although I didn't plan it that way
the whipping helped because I can always get off being whipped
and the needles didn't bother me at all since my nipples were
hurting anyway and I was highly excited.
    "I never thought of that. Maybe I will ask them to whip my
pussy before they put in the rings."
    "I know I will. I can't imagine putting needles through my
pussy absolutely cold with no build-up at all like you did."
    "You are dead right. I tried to lessen the pain but actually
I probably made it worse since I was not aroused at all before he
did it. 
    Bob came over and said, "Unfortunately, the only direct
flight from here to L.A. leaves at seven in the morning. We will
have to get up early just to catch the plane so you had better
pack some things now. Tim and I will be up later.
    When Mom and I got upstairs and started to pack the impact of
the trip hit us. We had never been to California but we had seen
Rodeo Drive in movies and TV. This was every girls fantasy to be
in all those lovely shops with a handful of plastic. We were
absolutely giddy until Mom warned me that we really should not be
happy to leave because we may hurt the guy's feelings. Suddenly I
had mixed feelings the trip would be fantastic but I wouldn't be
able to cum for three days, or have Tim cradling me in his arms
while I slept.
    On the way to the airport Bob told us there were only two
rules. He expected us to be perfect ladies while we were there
and we were not to spend over three thousand dollars. We were to
bring back all the charge slips. When we got off the plane we
were to look for a man holding up a sign with our names on it. He
would take us to the hotel and wherever else we wanted.
    At the airport we spotted a black man holding up a card with
our names. He took us downstairs and seated us in a beautiful
white limousine, opened a bottle of champagne, and showed us how
to operate the CD player while he got the luggage. We really
enjoyed the luxury of the soft leather seats as we sipped our
champagne while the music enveloped us.
    The chauffeur introduced himself as James Dalton and asked us
where we wanted to go first.
    Mom said,"Home James," then we both giggled at the cliche.
    The hotel was fabulous and very near to the shops on Rodeo
Drive so We told James we would walk since it was such a
beautiful day. He gave us the number of his cellular phone so we
could call him when we needed him. It turned out we did mostly
window shopping there except for a couple of blouses and angora
and cashmere sweaters. We literally shopped until we dropped for
the next three days. We only took time off for a complete
makeover at Elizabeth Ardens, fantastic dining, and swimming in
the hotel pool after the shops closed.     
      James took us to all the best malls in a thirty mile area
and knew all the best restaurants. In spite of his protests we
had him join us for meals.
    On the last day we decided we wanted to go to Hollywood.
James said we would probably be disappointed. It was not what we
had expected there were still some movie studios but most of it
was very seedy with a lot of sex shops. We decided to shop in
them too but they didn't have anything that we didn't already
have except for a whip with longer and thicker rounded thongs
which I bought as a present for Tim. Mom decided on a dildo with
blunt metal spikes that produced an electrical shock when they
were pushed into the labia. She thought that would really prove
her love since Bob knew she did not like to be shocked. The clerk
said it would just tingle but he lied.
    Going though the sex shops reminded me how horny I was
getting. It seemed like forever since I had cum. While we were
driving down Hollywood Boulevard I spotted a large sign
advertising "AMATEUR DANCE CONTEST." I had James stop. "Mom, that
could be really exciting. It would be like the wet t-shirt
contests we saw in the movies. You like to show off your body
just like me."
    "Oh I do not!"
    "Bullshit. I saw you making all those moves in your string
bikini at the pool. You loved making all those men drool."
    She actually blushed! "Well, maybe a little."
    James broke in to say, "Ladies, I have been there. That is no
wet t-shirt contest and you won't be wearing string bikinis. The
girls are totally nude and do nasty things. They also don't have
good crowd control. No matter where you are on that runway they
can grab you."
    God that excited me more than ever. "Mom let's do it! It
sounds fantastically exciting." She refused until I told her
James could rescue us if we wanted to quit since he was one of
the biggest men I had ever seen.
    She finally agreed and we went in to sign up. They told us to
start out in panties and bra and if we wanted to win we had
better be naked early in the song. They had a lot of girls in the
contest and their pros danced between each amateur so we only had
the length of two songs to make an impression. They picked the
winners with judges sitting next to the runway.
    Our turn wouldn't come till late in the evening since we were
the last to sign up. This was good as it let us have some drinks
to lessen our inhibitions even more and to let us see what moves
impressed the judges.     
      All their moves impressed me. James had not exaggerated,
they were stark naked in the first few bars of the music. They
moved like snakes causing every muscle in their body to flex and
just seemed to flow with the music. We also were obviously not
unique with our bald pussies.I just knew that I would look like a
puppet with loose strings.
    I noticed the men seemed more excited and applauded more when
the girls worked very close to the sides of the runway so the men
could touch them. Mom must have noticed too because she gave up
on dancing as soon as she was naked and began to crawl down the
runway  and rolled around the floor opening and closing her legs
to give them a chance to pinch, fondle, or pat her body until
both songs were over.
    I followed her lead and found it to be very exciting but then
I had an inspiration. When I got to a mean looking biker type I
said loudly that I was being naughty and should be spanked. He
was happy to oblige and when he began hitting very hard I moved
forward to find the next man also was willing to spank. By the
time the song was over about fifteen men must have given me over
fifty spanks and I was still panting with excitement and sopping
wet when the man held up my hand and Moms as first and second
place winners.
    We were laughing and teasing each other about our outrageous
performances as James led us out to the limousine and opened the
door for us to get in. Our giggling ceased when James spoke.
    "I hope you girls had a good time. Mr. Thompson told me to
keep an eye on you and to call him if you did not act like
perfect ladies. I don't think he is going to be very happy to
find out you were hanging around in sex shops and allowed
yourselves to be spanked and fondled by strange men. Actually you
are lucky there wasn't a vice cop in there. If they had been
there you probably would have been arrested."
    I was really frightened, "Oh James, please. Please don't tell
him. They will kill us!" Mom joined in, "She isn't kidding James.
Bob can be very mean when angry. Don't tell him, we'll do
anything for you."
    "Well it might be interesting to have two good looking
blondes willing to satisfy any of my desires. You would do
anything I wanted. Right?"
    "Yes anything! But you can't mark us or bruise us because Bob
and Tim would see the marks and still be mad at us."
    " Don't worry I don't get off on hurting girls. The way you
can help is to get my house payment together."
    "James we would be glad to give it to you but all we have is
credit cards. We only have about a hundred dollars in cash for
small things that isn't worth using the credit card."
    "You could get cash with the credit cards but I think it
would be better if you earned it by putting on a little show for
me and my friends. I have a few that really like pretty blondes."
    We both agreed to this and he began making call after call on
his car phone. Instead of returning to the hotel he took us to
the limousine garage in a seedy section of town.
    When we got there he said he would use the stereo in the limo
for music and we could repeat our act from the amateur contest.
That seemed too easy. "Is that it? We will be glad to do that if
it will help you out."
    "Yeah that's it except for some encores."
    In a few minutes men began arriving and would give James
money. Since we were from central Washington State we had never
seen that many black men at one time before. He seemed to have a
wide range of friends. There were very flashily dressed ones we
assumed were pimps or in the drug business, Bikers, and some in
coveralls, or jeans and shirts.
    James seated them on benches next to the wall and gave them
beers from the cases he had picked up on the way to the garage.
When sixteen or seventeen of them were lined up on the benches he
locked the door, turned on the stereo and told us to start
dancing. 
    Mom and I watched each other so we would both be taking off
our clothes at the same rate as we bumped and ground to the heavy
beat. The men were really appreciative, whistling and yelling as
they watched and we both began to be thrilled by  the attention
and really got into it. When we were naked I remembered he wanted
a repeat of our act at the club so I crawled down the line while
they grabbed and spanked me with Mom just behind me. At the end
of the song James turned off the stereo and announced we would
give them a lesson on eating pussy. He had us 69 and by then I
was convinced this was going to be a really great experience. 
Just as I was on the verge of going into climax two men picked me
off Mom, put me on my hands and knees and began fucking me dog
fashion while I sucked the other's dick. As soon as they came.
Three other men came up and set me down on a man's dick while he
laid on his back while the second man pushed me forward to stick
his monster prong up my ass. When I opened my mouth to scream the
third man turned my head to one side and began to face-fuck me.
It seemed to go on forever. Even when we were too exhausted to
move we would have one or more dicks working on our semi-
conscious loose bodies. We lost all track of time. When no-one
could get his dick hard any more they left and James put on our
dresses to take us back to the hotel. We were so exhausted we
slept on the way back. James helped us in and we went back to
sleep until he had packed our things and woke us again to go to
the airport. We slept all the way back until awakened by the
stewardess telling us we would be landing soon. 
    Our flight arrived early so we left word at the desk that
would be in the coffee shop when Bob or Tim arrived. We had time
for four cups of coffee when they walked in so we were reasonably
alert.
    Mom and I breathed a sigh of relief when Bob said, "I am
proud of you girls. James called to say you were perfect ladies
with the possible exception of shopping at sex stores. We forgive
you for that since I am sure we will enjoy what you bought."
    They took us out for dinner so by the time we got home it was
pretty late and they understood when we told them we were very
tired and wanted to go to bed. I just did not feel like being
fucked anymore. I was afraid I may never want it again.
    They let us sleep late and we found we had totally recovered.
Even our stretched and sore ass-holes seemed to be back to
normal.
    I woke Mom and we checked each others bodies to see if we had
any bruises or cuts. We were relieved not to find any and padded
downstairs in our bare feet.
    When Tim saw me he said, "You didn't take very good care of
yourself while you were gone."
    I was afraid he had spotted a bruise we had missed and
nervously said, "What do you mean?"
    "You have let some hair grow back on your pussy."
    Bob agreed, "Yes Kathy is getting quite hairy as well."
    I was very happy that hair was the only problem and ran to
get them tweezers so they could peer, pull and probe at our
pussies till they had found every hair and plucked it out. When
Tim was done I kissed him and told him I loved him and missed him
very much. This was true. In spite of our experiences I had never
reached a great orgasm.
    "Yes I missed you too. We have been working on a project I am
anxious for you to see and hopefully approve."
    Bob interrupted to say. "Yes but before you see it would you
get the receipts for your shopping tour."
    Mom got her purse and handed him the envelope full of
receipts. He took them in to his office to add them up. Mom and I
thought he would be happy we had only spent twenty-four hundred
on clothes when we could have spent three thousand.
    When he came out he said, "I guess we can't trust you girls
with plastic. You spent twenty-four hundred on clothes and twelve
hundred and sixty on hotel, meals, and sex toys. You owe us six
hundred and sixty dollars. Which you will pay off in pain."
    Mom protested, "We didn't understand. We thought we had three
thousand for clothes. We didn't know the other expenses counted"
    "What did I tell you before you left?"
    Mom hung her head and mumbled, " You told us not to charge
more than three thousand."
    "I rest my case, do you agree Kay?"
    I felt guilty anyway about the dancing and fucking all the
black men. "Yes you made it plain enough. We deserve to be
punished."
    "I am glad you agree. Now you can see our project."
    They led us down to the basement and opened a heavy door to
reveal a torture chamber like the ones I had seen in books and
movies except there were electric lights instead of torches."  
    They took us around to show us a table with a winch attached
to cables with wristcuffs to stretch our bodies face-up or down,
a cross to crucify us, an X shaped frame for whipping, and chains
and wristcuffs all over the place to hold us in nearly any
position.
    They showed us one thing I didn't understand. It was just a
wide board covered with metal with a couple of one inch pipes
with caps on them and two push buttons in front of the pipes.
They said they would explain it later.
    We ended up in front of a wall they had made of plywood
panels with hundreds of nails coming out of it about an inch
long. Bob explained,
    We have been impressed by your bravery. This will encourage
that. You will be tied directly in front of the nails. If you
stand there stoically while being whipped you will not be
punctured by the nails. If you flinch away from the lashes the
nails will stick you. To encourage you even more, if you have
punctures at the end of your whipping you will get five lashes on
the punctured part for each puncture."
    They tied us wide spread barely in front of the nails and
announced we would get sixty lashes each to make up for the extra
six hundred dollars we spent. I looked down to see the nails were
so close together that if I lunged forward one or more would
puncture my nipples. 
    Tim was actually pretty easy on me and if I had not been
surprised by a lash between my shoulder blades I would have been
able to avoid punctures. That one caused me to flinch into the
nails. It felt as if hundreds of nails went into my boobs but
when I was turned around they only found four nails had been
sharp enough to actually stick in to me. They did not count the
places that were just red.
    Mom did not do as well she had punctures in her nipples and
also on her pussy. Bob had given her several lashes between the
cheeks of her ass and she had flinched twice. They had whipped us
one at a time so those not being whipped could watch.
    Then we got the bad news. They just turned us around in front
of the nails for my tits and Mom's tits and pussy to be whipped.
We were told if we flinched again we could be turned around
endlessly until we learned to take them.
    I was able to take my twenty to my flopping boobs because I
could see them coming and remain braced. I was proud of Mom .Bob
forehanded and back handed her boobs so hard they were pushed
into her armpits but she took it. Then she got hit directly on
her clitoris and flinched back to puncture her butt. On the next
round she gritted her teeth and braced herself well enough to
take the last fifteen on her ass with no flinch at all.
    Then she did an amazing thing. She shuddered then asked Bob
to fuck her ass while tied there.
    Bob exclaimed, "There is no way you can avoid the nails if I
do that!"
    "I know. I deserve the extra pain for what I did."
    I was afraid she was about to confess fucking the black men
which I knew would bring on terrible punishment but instead she
began pushing her breasts into the nails until they flattened
while we watched in fascination. That convinced Bob and he drove
his dick into her ass causing her pussy to jam into the nails at
each thrust. 
    Tim and I stared in amazement to see her going into orgasm
long before Bob came.
    They released her and went down on us till we had glorious
orgasms then Bob gently washed the blood off her breasts and
pussy, to our surprise there was no damage other than hundreds of
little punctures. I felt guilty for not offering to suffer more
since the lashes had just made me cum and asked Tim if he wanted
to do that to me but he said he was satisfied that I had not
protested being whipped in front of the wall.
Tim made us a great dinner. After dinner we just hugged and
kissed and fondled while we watched S&M porn movies on the large
screen TV. One thing we saw intrigued me. It seemed really
simple. A girl stood on tip-toes with a thick rough hemp rope
running from the ceiling between her legs and back up to the
ceiling with the rope buried in the crack of her ass and between
the lips of her pussy. I told Tim I wanted to try it. It was
fabulous! The slightest movement caused the rough rope to scrape
against my ass-hole and clit and in a short time my legs would
cramp and I would have to let down my heels till I was being
supported just by the rope digging into my pussy. I had
mindboggling orgasms and my clit was super-sensitive for several
days. For the first time in a long time I could get off just by
finger fucking myself.
    For a couple of weeks we were all satisfied by light whipping
and spankings then they decided to show us another thing they had
invented.
    They took us down to the basement greased up the pipes and
lifted us up to let our pussies envelop them. I could feel mine
pressing against my cervix.
    Bob explained, "This is a little device to test Mother
Daughter love. You will be sitting on the pipes for five minutes.
The metal you are sitting on is the negative and the pipe is
positive for the electrical current. Tim has done some research.
You will be getting progressively more voltage but very little
amperage so you will not be burned. We will flip a coin. The
winner will push her button which will start shocks going to the
others pussy. One shock every two seconds. When it reaches
maximum you will not be able to pass it back to the other.
    It sounded kind of exciting especially since I trusted Tim to
limit the voltage so we would not be really hurt. I won the toss
and pushed my button. 
    Mom ripped and jumped as much as she could on her pipe for a
few seconds and then hit her button. I got shocks hard enough to
cause the muscles to contract but it was more exciting than
painful so I passed it back to Mom since she had been such a wimp
to see if she could get off on it. She fought so hard I thought
she might rip her pussy and slapped her hand around on the board
trying to find the button with her eyes clenched shut. Finally
she hit it and sent the current back to me. Now it was terrible!
All my muscles tensed and my clit felt as if it would catch fire.
I thought It must be at maximum and hit the button to prove it to
myself. It wasn't!
    Mom began thrashing around and then just fell off to her side
in what I thought was a faint. They turned it off and untied her
feet to lift her off the pipe.
    Suddenly Bob looked alarmed. He put his head to her chest and
then began giving her mouth to mouth respiration. He stopped long
enough to yell at Tim to call an ambulance. While waiting for the
ambulance Tim got me loose and told me to get dressed. He picked
up bra,panties and a dress for Mom. By the time I got dressed
they had dressed Mom and carried her upstairs just as the
ambulance slid to a stop in front of the door. 
    The men in the ambulance rushed her into it and the man in
the back started working on her as they drove off. We followed
the ambulance to the hospital while I cried hysterically.
    When we got there a doctor came out of the emergency room and
told us she had died of a massive heart attack. I got so
hysterical they had to give me a shot to calm me down. On the way
home I moaned to Tim.
    "Oh Tim! I killed my own mother. I feel so terribly guilty. I
should confess to the police so they can kill me."
    "Hush. You didn't kill her. She must have had a weak heart or
else was awful susceptible to electricity. That should never have
killed her. You took just as much and it didn't kill you."
    "Nooo! I didn't take as much I gave her the maximum!"
    "The last bit was very little more than you took. It wasn't
enough more to do it."
    He might have been right but the fact remained she couldn't
pass the shock back to me and the panic when she found that out
may have been the last straw. In any case if I had not got
involved with Tim and got her to meet Bob she would be alive now.
    I am so filled with guilt that nothing I beg Bob or Tim to do
with me relieves my guilt. I am just so disgusted with myself I
don't want to live. I got on the pipe and got it to the maximum.
Instead of dying the way I should I ended up having a massive
orgasm.
    Tim and Bob don't want to hurt me as much as I demand but
they have found out that if they don't I will do something even
worse to myself. Ever since my screams woke them and they found I
had used the winch to raise my legs into the air so I could put a
lit candle in my pussy to drop hot wax onto the bottom of my tits
and begin to fry my pussy they have agreed to anything I ask just
to keep me from killing myself. Now I demand that all my whipping
is done while I press my body against the nails on the wall.
    I am writing this in the event that I am killed while under
torture. I want everyone to know that Bob or Tim is not to be
blamed for it. I deserve to die in the most painful way possible.


                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





