BDSM Library - Joy




Joy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Material girl willing to accept anything for the good life.
Joy
by Allene

  I know I am materialistic but you would be too if you had to go through
school being teased by the other girls because of your raggedly clothes
and never getting asked for dates by the "Cool" boys.
  Even after school I could only get a job as a "Temp," replacing people
on vacation or sick. My clothes weren't raggy any more but they were
still cheap.
  My life changed when I went to work as a receptionist for a lawyer. A
handsome distinguished looking man about forty came in for his
appointment. When I led him in to the office my boss introduced him. I
recognized the name. His fore-fathers had helped found Seattle. I knew he
was very rich and was pleased when he told my boss that he was lucky to
have such a lovely receptionist.
  When he came out of the office he said, "I understand you are a temp. I
have some unusual temp duties for you if you would be interested. I am
obligated to take some business friends to the ballet and my girl friend
is ill. Would you consider being my escort? I would pay one hundred
dollars as I have no time to make other arrangements."
  I told him I would be happy to go with him but I had nothing to wear.
He asked me my dress size. I don't know if I was trying to impress him or
what but I not only gave him my dress size but also my bra size of
thirty-five "D", my waist size of twenty-two, and my hip size at thirty-
five. 
  He said his ex-wife's clothes should fit me and went back in the office
to arrange to get the rest of the afternoon off. My boss was glad to
agree since it was already four.
  He led me out to put me into a big black limousine. I had never been
close to one before and relaxed into the soft leather seats feeling
absolutely regal while he poured us glasses of champagne.
  We were taken to a large office building with his name on it. He put a
key into the elevator to take us non-stop to the penthouse. 
  It was fantastic! I had never seen anything like it even in the movies.
There was beautiful antique furniture, a fantastic view of the city and
even an indoor swimming pool.
  He led me to a bedroom with a huge canopy bed and thick soft white
carpet. He pointed out some mirror doors on the wall and said he would
get us a drink while I looked.
  There were hundreds of dresses, skirts, blouses, and suits all with
designer labels. I was just overwhelmed by the splendor of it all.
  When he came back I asked him what he wanted me to wear but he just
said that his friend's wife always wore black to the ballet so I should
just bring out some light colored ones to try on till we found something
we both liked.
  He settled into a chair and I realized he planned to watch me trying
them on. I was really embarrassed. I had never dressed in front of a man
before but it seemed normal to him and I thought I should be more
sophisticated considering I was going on a fabulous date and even getting
paid for it. I just held dresses up in front of me for his approval
putting off the inevitable. He finally had me keep out a light-blue, a
red, a white, and a salmon colored dress to try on. By then I decided I
was being silly since I would be wearing panties and bra that actually
hid as much as my bathing suit and it was obviously something he was
accustomed to. I decided that if I expected to be with an urbane man I
should learn to be sophisticated too. I took off my skirt and blouse to
hurriedly slip on the red dress. I made some turns in front of him but he
didn't like it because he said the ruffles at the waist hid my beautiful
flat stomach. That made me proud and I took my time putting on the blue
dress while keeping my tummy tucked in.
  He did not like that one since it did not show off my "glorious"
breasts. This time I stayed in panties and bra while I hung up the
dresses he did not like while holding in my stomach and pushing out my
boobs. I peeked at him watching me avidly and enjoyed the fact that
someone as sophisticated as he could be interested in me.
  The salmon dress was so low cut my bra showed so I pulled the top down
so I could slip off the shoulder straps and tuck in the tops of the cups.
Doing this made me excited so when I paraded in it for him I bent over to
maximize the exposure. He did not like that one either since the hem line
was too long so I took it off and picked up the white one.
  This was backless and cut very low in a vee shape. It was obvious I
could not wear a bra with it. I hesitated trying to work up my nerve to
take off my bra when he removed all doubt by saying, "That dress does not
allow a bra. I hope your breasts do not sag very much."
  I took that as a challenge. I was very proud of the fact that my
breasts were beautifully rounded with no sag at all. I pulled off my bra
and stood there proudly for a moment before I put on the dress. I was
proud he was impressed.
  "You have a fantastically beautiful body. Do you exercise a lot?"
  I appreciated the compliment but at the same time I was disappointed he
could be so calm. In my fantasies when my breasts were bared the men in
it would grab me and throw me to the floor to rape me. I tried to make
him more excited by slowly putting on the dress then tucking my bare
breasts into the built in cups. I made several poses to show the back cut
below the dimples on my kidneys and the fact my navel could be seen. He
still didn't seem impressed.
  Since I was wearing black panties that could be seen through the dress
he told me there was white lingerie in the drawers on the wall by the
closet.  
  I had never seen such tiny panties. I picked out a white pair. I knew I
only had to slip off my panties and put on the others under the skirt but
I decided to see if I could excite him as much as my exhibitionism was
exciting me. I took off the dress to slowly remove my panties and stand
naked in front of him while I unfolded and drew the white ones up tight
against my pussy.
  Again I was disappointed by a mixed message. 
  "You are really beautiful but if you are going to wear that kind of
lingerie you really should trim the hair. If you want there is a ladies
electric razor in the top drawer of the bathroom."
  I didn't say a word. I just walked into the bathroom and shaved off
every hair. I found the vibration of the razor next to my clit and the
fact that now the lips of my pussy could be seen through the transparent
panties excited me even more.
  I went back to pose in front of him knowing the tiny panties seemed
even sexier than if I was naked and said, "Is this what you had in mind?"
  "Yes. Cute tight pussies like yours should never be hidden by a bunch
of ugly hair. Now put on the dress so we can meet them for dinner."
  I was disappointed again. I had planned to pose in front of him to see
if I could make the bulge in his pants rise.
  We went to dinner in a fabulous restaurant then sipped champagne on the
way to the ballet. I had never been to a ballet before and was fascinated
by the costumes and dancing. I tried to stay calm so I wouldn't look too
naive.
  After the ballet we went to the Space Needle for drinks. His friends
were real nice, They said I looked beautiful and had the body of a
dancer.
  Then we went back to his penthouse to get my clothes.
  When I started to take off the dress he told me that since it looked so
good on me I could keep it.
  I said, "I couldn't take it. It is so expensive I would feel guilty."
  "Well then. What would it take so you would not feel guilty."
  I suddenly thought of something that may make him excited. When my Mom
had spanked me for something it made my older brother so excited he would
give me his whole allowance if I pulled down my panties so he could see
my red bottom.
  "Mom used to spank me when I did something wrong. It always relieved my
guilt."
  "That is fine for me. Take off the dress and get over my knees."
  I knew this would mean he would be spanking my bare cheeks since the
panties just had a ribbon going up the crack of my ass but I thought if
that didn't make him excited I may as well kill myself.
  It worked! By about the tenth slap of his hand on my butt I felt his
dick harden against my stomach. What I didn't expect was the fact it was
exciting me too. When Mom had spanked me it had just hurt but this was
causing tingles to go to my clit. By the twentieth I began to pant and
reached up to take his free hand off my shoulder to press it against my
heaving breast. He squeezed and pulled on it with each spank until I got
so excited I rolled off his lap and knelt in front of him panting and
shuddering with excitement. He didn't say a word he just began unbuckling
his belt to slide off his pants and shorts. He was still unbuttoning his
shirt when I crawled up on his lap to drown his dick in my sopping pussy
by just sliding the panties to one side.
  His dick stayed hard long enough for me to take off the panties to
change positions from me on top to the missionary position. I came over
three times! I had experienced orgasms before through playing with myself
but nothing like this.
  I just laid there smiling as he stroked my body while I trembled under
his touch. When I calmed down a little I began to feel embarrassed about
getting carried away and becoming such a slut. I tried to explain saying,
  "I know this is hard to believe but I have never made love before or
been spanked by a man. You must think I am some kind of slut."
  He looked down at his penis and saw some blood at the base. He used his
handkerchief to wipe it off and looked at it obviously surprised. Then he
said, "Jesus. You really were a virgin. You were so willing I was afraid
you might be really promiscuous. I was worried about aids. You were
great. I would never have guessed you were pure. Why did you pick me for
your defloriation?"
  "Oh Gee. The whole evening was just terribly exciting especially when
you had me dress in front of you. You were the man in my fantasies and I
wanted to please you. It was a fantastic experience. I had no idea it
could be so thrilling."
  "You are most welcome. I am not sure what thrilled you the most, the
spanking, or the fucking."
  I cringed at the word, fuck. It seemed like such a crude term for such
a wonderful experience. I hung my head in embarrassment. At the same time
I regretted waiting so long to experience it.
  It suddenly occurred to me that his statement implied a question.
  "Oh making love was the greatest thrill but I admit the spanking
excited me although I didn't think it would. I have been spanked before
by my mom, but it just hurt. This hurt too but it made me really excited.
Could we do it again?"
  "The spanking or the fucking?"
  I still could not refer to what we had done as fucking. "I would like
to have you make love to me again."
  "Well I guess that is up to you. If you can get me hard again I will be
happy to oblige."
  "What do you want me to do?"
  "I think if you licked and sucked on my dick it may help."
  That sounded gross but everything up to then had been fine and I
thought it would be a lot like sucking a thumb. I said, "Alright but I
will wash it first. It has been in my pussy."
  "No you won't. If you do not keep yourself clean that is your problem."
  Although I thought later that it was crazy, at the time it made sense.
If I was not clean I should have to suffer the consequences.
  I took a hesitant lick and was glad to find out it did not taste bad. I
licked it for awhile then put the silky head in my mouth. It began to
grow rapidly. When it was real hard he pulled me off of it and said,
"Hand me my belt."
  I had no idea what he wanted it for but I gave it to him then rolled
over to straddle his legs and feed his love tool into my cunt. He rolled
my hips and pushed me up and down with his hands till I began to pulsate
then picked up his belt and began spanking my tits with the end of it. It
did not seem to hurt at all except a little sting and it just seemed to
add to the excitement. I began to have orgasms each stronger than the
other.
  After this we were sated and he got up to get us a drink. I loved
watching the muscles working in his firm butt as he walked away.
  When he came back he gave me a drink and lit a cigarette for me. I
didn't smoke but it seemed appropriate as I laid there with my butt and
my red tits tingling. I couldn't imagine why anyone would want to divorce
him so I fished for information.
  "How long have you been divorced?"
  "Actually I am not. I am a widower. Against my better judgement I
bought my wife a sports car. She drove too fast on wet roads and lost
control, killing herself. I will never find another woman like her. I was
very depressed for over a year."
  "Tell me about her."
  "Well as you know she was your size except possibly a smaller waist and
also blonde. She was no more beautiful than you but different with a
somewhat more patrician look."
  I resolved to diet and exercise even more to get my waist even smaller
than hers. "There are a lot of beautiful blondes. What made her so
different?"
  "She was a rarity in this age of independent women. She was well
educated and intelligent. She could be anything she wanted but she was
only happy when pleasing me. She could not prove enough how much she
loved and wanted to please me. She would even suggest degrading or
painful things for me to do to her to leave no doubt how much she loved
and wanted to excite me."
  "I didn't mind having you spank me. Even my boobies."
  "That is not the same. A lot of women like a little extra stimulation.
You know I didn't actually hurt you. Now you had better get dressed I
have to get up early in the morning."
  While I dressed he folded the white dress and put it in a plastic sack
from the cleaners then called his chauffeur to take me home. At the door
he handed me the sack and a hundred dollar bill.
  "I can't take your money. I would feel like a whore. I made love to you
because I wanted to. I think you are a fascinating man."
  "All right, suit yourself. I may call you in a few days."
  "Here I'll give you my phone number and address."
  "That's alright I can get it from your boss."
  He gave me a little kiss at the elevator then walked away. I was really
depressed on the way home because I had not impressed him enough to even
want my phone number. God knows he impressed me. I could get orgasms
every night just by recalling our time together.
  After four days went by I sadly resigned myself to the idea he was back
to his girl friend who was no doubt more beautiful and sophisticated than
me. To my surprise and delight he called me on a friday afternoon at
work.
  "Hello. This is Jon. I have a craving for chinese food. Would you like
to join me?"
  "Yes I would love to."
  "My limo will pick you up at five. He will take you home so you can put
on the white dress."
  Time dragged till I left early to stand on the sidewalk waiting for his
limo. I dressed hurriedly in the dress, the tiny panties and white patent
pumps. 
  When I got back in the limo I was surprised when the driver turned
south to head away from his penthouse. The driver took me to Boeing field
then led me to a corporate jet. When I went in Jon was in the pilot's
seat and waved for me to join him in the co-pilot seat.
  "Here I'll help you with your seat belt. The only good chinese
restaurant is in San Francisco."
  It was wonderful! He even let me steer it for awhile. The view was
beautiful and we were there in a couple of hours where we were met by
another limousine.
  I was determined to convince him that I could make him happier than his
girl friend. As soon as we were in the limo I said, "I have been thinking
about what you said about your wife. I can understand why she was happy
to do anything to please you. I want to prove that I can please you too.
I will do anything you want. If I even hesitate in granting your request
you can spank me with your belt."
  "Oh really. In that case take off your clothes. It is a long ride to
the restaurant and it will be more interesting if you are naked."
  "Jon! There are cars all around us. They will see me."
  "No. They can't see through the black windows and you are hesitating."
  "I'm sorry. I'll do it, I was afraid we would be arrested."
  When I was naked he told me to lay across his lap. I laid on my stomach
thinking he wanted to spank me but he told me to turn over.
  When I laid across his lap face up he began to play with my breasts and
pussy. I began to get excited and asked him if he was going to spank me
but he said we could take care of that later.
  I was embarrassed again when we got to the restaurant because the
driver turned around in his seat to watch me get dressed.
  The restaurant had private rooms for dining and after he had ordered he
told me to get naked again. I argued that the waiter would see me but he
just said they were used to it and reminded me I was hesitating. I spent
the whole dinner blushing. He had ordered an eight course dinner and
several different waiters came in to bring the courses and refill our
glasses. when the first waiter came in I put my hands over my breasts and
squeezed my legs together to hide my pussy but he did not like that and
told me to keep my hands behind my back and my legs open when the waiters
came in. I eventually became more used to being nude even though Jon and
everyone else was fully clothed. When the waiter came in with the bill
and told Jon he had a beautiful wife, I was pleased when Jon did not
correct him.
  We went to a beautiful hotel. I undressed in our room and braced myself
for the expected spanking but it never came. He had me undress him then
suck his cock till he was hard then we made love till we went to sleep.
  In the morning he said I needed some daytime clothes so he took me to
expensive stores and had me stand naked in the dressing room while the
sales girls put clothes on me. Again they did not seem to think this was
unusual. He thought white looked good against my tan skin and bought a
couple of expensive cashmere sweaters and a white silk skirt slit up the
sides and a leather skirt. He also bought an uplift bra that just pushed
up the under side of my breasts leaving the nipples bare.
  We had lunch and then I assumed we would be going home since he said I
made him horny and kept telling me how pretty I was or how wonderfully I
moved. Once he even walked behind me so he could watch my bare ass move
under the tight skirt.
  He had one more shop he wanted to stop at. It was a sex shop and I was
embarrassed again. I had seen them before but always walked by them fast
or on the other side of the street so no-one would think I had been in
there.
  I blushed while he picked out crotch-less panties and bra's with holes
cut out of the cups to let the nipples stick out. The man salesclerk kept
grinning at me. In embarrassment I had my head down and never saw the
leather bra and panties he bought.
  He led me to the back of the store and mortified me by saying, "Joy has
been naughty and wants me to punish her. What would you suggest."
  The clerk grinned at me again and picked a whip off the wall with
leather thongs about a half-inch wide coming out of the handle and said,
"This is nice. It stings and burns but does not leave welts."
  Jon turned to me and said, "Do you think you would like this whip?"
  I mumbled "Yes." but he said he didn't hear me so I raised my head and
said, "I will like it if you do."
  He said we would take it then the clerk said, "If she has been really
naughty she may need this. It does leave some nasty welts."
  Jon handed it to me and said, "What do you think about this?"
  I felt it. It was made of tightly braided leather thongs and I
shuddered to imagine what it would feel like but I said, "I guess it
would be best if I am really naughty."
  Jon stepped behind me and lifted the front of my skirt. I blushed again
because I knew the clerk could see my pussy.
  Jon said in my ear, "You should try it to see if it is too much. Spread
your legs and hit the inside of your thigh with it."
  I whimpered, "Hard?"
  "Yes of course. If you are naughty you will be hit hard."
  I sobbed then brought it above my head and hit my inner thigh from my
crotch to my knee. The pain was horrendous! I had never felt anything
like it. I screamed then said, "Oh Jon, it is terrible!"
  "It should be terrible if you are really naughty. Shouldn't it?"
  The thought of being hit with that really scared me but when the clerk
said, "It is probably too much for her. A girl has to be brave to take
it." My pride made me blurt out, "Yes it should hurt. Please get it for
me."
  I felt proud the smirk left the clerk's face when he said, "You are a
lucky man to have a girl so brave but even brave girls have trouble
standing still for it, you may like these."
  He picked up some padded leather wrist and ankle cuffs and put them on
my wrists. I don't know if I was trying to fool myself or what but I
thought of myself hung up while he fucked me rather than whip me and said
excitedly, "Yes! These would hold me without chafing me. May I have
them!"
  Jon laughed and said, "Of course. You can have anything you want."
  The clerk held up a whip with a bunch of leather shoe strings coming
out of a handle.
  "This is for when she is good. It is called a pussy whip and just
stings enough to bring on marvelous orgasms. My wife will beg me to use
it on her. Would you like to try it?" 
  I looked around and the store was empty except for a few men at the far
end looking at magazines so I said, "Jon. Would you like to see it used
on me?"
  "Yes. Definitely!"
  He pulled my wrists behind my back and snapped the cuffs together then
pulled up my skirt to my waist. The clerk began slapping it against my
pussy!
  It was true! The whip didn't hurt much. It just stung a little and I
felt my pussy getting hot. I spread my legs a little then closed my eyes
as these incredible sensations began to course through my body. I
realized I was being hit harder as the "Slaps" became louder and the
sting increased but that just seemed to add to the excitement.I spread my
legs even more and began moving my hips back and forth in cadence to meet
the whip. I must have opened my legs further because the sensations began
to concentrate on my clitoris. Suddenly a hard one hit right on my
clitoris. My eyes snapped open at the pain and I saw the men who had been
looking at magazines standing behind the clerk staring at me while they
rubbed their dicks under their pants. I was too far gone to care. I was
on the edge of getting a crashing orgasm and just continued to push out
my pussy to meet the lash till I seemed to explode inside and went limp
in Jon's arms.
  He put me in a chair while he paid for everything. I just sat there
taking deep breaths as I felt tingling and little aftershocks coming from
my pussy.
  Jon took me out to the car and had me lean forward to take off my
cuffs, then said, "That was quite an exhibition you put on. Look at your
pussy."
  I pulled up my skirt and looked at it. It was real red but didn't hurt.
It just tingled. When I touched it I found it was real warm and super
sensitive. Suddenly I realized what a slut I had been in the store and
began to cry.
  "Jon, I am so sorry I embarrassed you. I don't know what happened to
me. I just went crazy and all I wanted was to get to orgasm. You must
think I am an awful slut!"
  He held me and comforted me as I sobbed.
  "Now, now. It is alright. You are just an incredibly sensual girl. I
did not know you would react that way either. You will just have to learn
to control yourself."
  "Oh I will. I am so embarrassed. You should punish me so I will never
do this again."
  "In certain circumstances it would be all right but not in public. On
the way home you can decide what punishment would resolve your guilt." 
  All the way home in the jet I thought of ways I could be punished. To
my surprise the fantasies I developed were not dreaded. I found instead
that they excited me. I finally decided that the most humiliating and
therefore the most painful would be a spanking but not with his hands but
one of the whips. I eliminated the pussy whip immediately since it did
not hurt. I did not have the nerve to suggest the braided whip and
decided to leave the choice to him.
  "I have decided I acted like an irresponsible child. I should be
punished like a child with a spanking but not with your hand. Something
that hurts more."
  "We both know the braided whip hurts a lot. Is that what you deserve?"
  I shuddered at the thought but said, "I guess so if you think I should
be hurt that much."
  "No. It is your decision."
  I realized his wife must have volunteered to suffer for him and I
wanted to prove I could do it too and even more.
  "Yes! Use the braided whip. I deserve it!"
  "I agree but how many spanks? Fifteen?"
  "No twice as many. Give me thirty!"
  I could hardly believe I had suggested that. I realized I would not be
able to sit for a long time. He made it worth it by saying, "I am proud
of your bravery. You are an amazing girl. This will keep you aware of the
coming event."
  He had me pull up my sweater then took out the braided whip and tied it
tightly around my waist. All the way back to his penthouse I had mixed
feelings of fear and excitement feeling the whip dig into my waist with
my breathing and every move.
  When we got to his place he kissed me then pulled my sweater off while
I held my arms up for him then took off my skirt and panties. He patted
my butt then said it was perfect for spanking, being round and firm. He
told me to give him the whip and my fear and excitement rose rapidly as I
fumbled with the knot.
  I instinctively dropped to my knees to kneel as I handed him the whip
saying, "I have been bad. Please whip me."
  He took my hand and led me over to a leather easy chair. The back was
low so I spread my legs to let my stomach settle on the top and gripped
the arms of it with my hands.
  Just as I got settled I felt this searing pain across my butt cheeks
and gripped the arms as I screamed. It went on each as bad as the first
as I gripped the arms with my hands and the sides of the chair with my
knees to resist running away. 
  At the tenth lash he stopped! He came around to hold up my tear stained
face to say, "You are in a lot of pain aren't you?"
  "Oh yes! It is terrible!"
  "Do you want me to stop?"
  Oh God did I! I hoped he might be merciful so I sobbed, "Do what you
want to do."
  He kissed me and said, "That's my brave girl." and began whipping me
again. I found that he had done me no favor by stopping after ten. My
nerves had begun to get numb. By stopping they were alive again.
Thankfully they began getting numb again and when he quit on the
thirtieth I could have taken even more.
  When he quit he stepped behind me and drove his monster into my pussy
from the rear. To my amazement I was wet and it went in easily. The slap
of his thighs against my butt added just the right amount of additional
excitement to make me go into one glorious orgasm after another.
  After he came he carried me over to the bed and laid me down on my
stomach where I caressed the welts on my butt while he opened a bottle of
champagne. He gave me a glass then took some lotion out of the end table
and began soothing my smarting butt as he said, "I think we will get
along very well. I am no longer going with the girl I had when I met you.
Would you like to be my girl?"
  "Oh yes! I'll do anything to make you happy."
  "That is what my last girl said but she didn't do it willingly. She
told one of my friends she was just going along with me until I married
her. After that she would do as she wished. Thankfully I believe in long
engagements that let me find out what a girl really thinks."
  He got up and went to the closet and brought back a beautiful, black,
beaded cocktail dress. He told me to put it on then went to a drawer to
get a beautiful, what I thought was a diamond necklace to put around my
neck to take me out to dinner.
  He had a sports car in the basement parking garage. When I sat down I
felt the beads digging into my welts. My butt was aching by the time we
got to the restaurant. I was dismayed to see they had wicker chairs. I
knew he realized I was suffering as I squirmed in the chair to find a
better position but he just dawdled over his drinks and meal till all I
could think of was my aching butt.
  I am sure he took the road home that had the most potholes but he said
he was proud of me for being such a lady even though he knew I was
uncomfortable.
  That night he went down on me for a long time to insure I would have
orgasms when we fucked.
  That formed a regular pattern. Anytime I was hurt I was rewarded later
by presents and love. The more I was hurt the better the present and the
more foreplay to guarantee orgasms.
  The next morning I woke up early out of habit and did not know what to
do. He had not asked me to stay with him and if I was going to go to work
I needed to hurry home for work clothes. 
  I decided to wake him to tell him I had to leave for work. When he was
awake he said, "Do you want to work? You can quit and stay with me if you
like. I think I want you to be my new girlfriend."
  "Really? But how will I pay my apartment rent?"
  "You don't need an apartment if you are staying with me, dummy. Just
call your boss and tell him to take his job and shove it. We will get
your things from the apartment later."
  I was so excited I kissed and hugged him till he told me to leave him
alone because I had worn him out and he needed more sleep.
  I was too excited to go back to sleep so I made coffee then went
swimming. The warm water on my nude body felt wonderful and when I looked
in the mirror I saw that my welts were now just dark red or purple lines
that did not hurt and went away completely in a few days.
  I called the office as soon as it was open to quit my job. My boss was
really mad I gave him no notice but I didn't care.
  Jon got up about ten and told me to dress to go to my apartment.
  He didn't like any of my things and told me just to keep things I was
attached to and the other stuff could go to charity. I felt a little hurt
since it had taken a year to pay off my furniture but had to admit it
would look cheap in his place. I ended up with just a box of photos and
other momentos. He called my landlord and told him he could keep the
furniture or give it away and where to mail my damage deposit. By the
time he deducted cleaning it only amounted to fifty dollars.
  For the next few days I was not hurt but I was treated just like a
pampered pet. He dressed me in clothes he picked out if I wore clothes at
all. He ordered all the meals at restaurants except for snacks I made
from groceries he ordered over the phone and had delivered. I especially
felt like a pet dog when he wanted to watch TV because he would have me
kneel next to his chair and idly stroke my hair or body while he watched.
  I realized just how dependent I was on him when I got the deposit and
realized I had a total of seventy five dollars in cash, no job, no
recommendation from my employer to help me get another, no clothes
suitable to work in, and no place to live if he tired of me. 
  Just as that reality set in to frighten me he said,
  "It just occurred to me that we have not tried the thong whip. It may
give you orgasms like the pussy whip. Would you like to try it?"
  "I thought I would just be whipped or spanked if you were unhappy with
me?"
  "I will be unhappy if you do not get on your knees and beg me to whip
you."
  This was the first time I knew that no matter how much I pleased him I
could not avoid pain. I was confused by my feelings about that. I was
beginning to enjoy being his total slave and also was excited by the
prospect of being whipped. Even my terrible spanking evoked memories of
my fantastic orgasms after it was over rather than the pain.
  I dropped to my knees and looked up at him with tears trickling down my
cheeks to say, "Please whip me as much as you want."
  "Very good. On your butt of course."
  "Yes"
  "And on your breasts"
  "Oh that will hurt a lot won't it?"
  "Yes."
  "Please whip my breasts."
  "And your pussy?"
  "Oh God.. Yes that too."
  He smiled at me then took my hand to lead me toward the room with the
swimming pool then opened a door into another large room. It was a
simulated dungeon like the ones I had seen in horror movies. There were
stone walls with manacles and chains on the walls with all kinds of
furniture with winches to stretch the body, a large cross for
crucifixion, a heavy "X" shaped frame, and all kinds of leather
harnesses. I shuddered as I remembered what had happened to people in
this room in the horror movies.
  "This was my wife's favorite room. She asked me to build it since in
spite of her fantastic courage she could not always remain in position
for the pain. She said that she could become excited just by being in
here to touch things and be reminded of the orgasms she had earned from
pain."
  I could understand that. I had him hang my whips on the wall in the
bedroom because just seeing them kept me in a state of excitement.
  "I think you have requested more pain than you can accept while staying
in position. I think it will be best to have you in bondage. What do you
think?"
  It was perfect timing. Wearing the manacles while having my pussy
whipped in front of strangers had brought on a dream where I was hung up
naked in front of a crowd of people. I awakened so excited I fondled and
sucked Jon's dick until he woke to make love to me.
  "Oh yes! It will be better for me not to have to think about staying
still. I can just concentrate on the sensations.
  He led me to the center of the room and put padded manacles on my
wrists then went to the wall to press a button that made the ropes slowly
lift my arms. I braced myself to be lifted off the floor but when my arms
got tight enough to press them against my head he stopped. I felt utterly
helpless and began to cry as I asked, "How many times will you hit me?"
  He smiled then came over to kiss me and fondle my trembling body. "That
is up to you. When you are ready say 'butt, or tits, or pussy' and then
say 'Now' to let me know you are ready for another lash."
  I realized this was to be another test and stood there a moment working
up my courage while he idly slapped the thongs against my stomach till I
said "Butt. Now"
  It didn't hurt that much! Just a sting and heat. I said "Now," again
then as my excitement built up began to say it faster till I was ready to
say "Breasts. Now!"  This hurt a little more but I watched them compress
and bounce in awe as they seemed to swell, and heat from them seemed to
travel down my body to my pussy. He covered every inch of them till they
were completely red and swollen while I said "Now," faster and faster
till I wanted to feel the lash on my pussy. I moaned, "Pussy. Now." This
was even more exciting and I said "Now" faster then "Harder" and finally
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" till I went into a tremendous orgasm and he dropped his
pants and jammed his dick into my pussy to slide against my sweat
drenched body. I brought my legs around his butt and tried to squeeze all
of him into me till my orgasms became so intense I went limp and let my
legs slide off of him to hang by my wrists.
  He went over to push the button and I just let myself collapse to the
floor panting to get my breath.
  He unhooked my manacles and carried me over to put me into the cool
water of the swimming pool. I just stood there dazed until he said, "You
were marvelous. I was beginning to think I would be worn out before you
were ready to stop."
  "Jon. I am afraid. I came from the whipping! That isn't normal to want
pain. I think I am going crazy. Even now I don't hurt, I just feel
tingly."
  "Oh look at me. I am really red and I did it to myself."
  "You aren't crazy. Most women are stimulated by pain. They just don't
know it because they have never had the opportunity to be lashed."
  "Really! I am still scared because toward the end I wanted more and
more pain. I am afraid I may ask to be hurt very badly when I get so
excited I can't think."
  "That is my job. I don't want you to be hurt badly either. I will
protect you."
  Later I could hardly believe what I had done next. This man had really
hurt the most sensitive parts of my body and in spite of that I hugged
and kissed him and even thanked him for the thrilling experience. I had
him sit on the edge of the pool and sucked his dick till he came in my
mouth then savored his cum before I swallowed it and thanked him again.
  Naturally since I had performed well for him it was time for my treat.
He took me to a women's store to buy a dress of my choice. Since he had
tested me I decided to test him and chose a silk dress that was very
expensive. He paid for it with no comment indicating to me that he was
very pleased with me. He took me to a nice restaurant so I could show off
my new dress and when we got home he had me suck him till he was hard
then fucked me in my pussy then in my ass while he used his fingers to
get me off by rubbing my clit. He held me in his arms making me feel
loved and protected till I went to sleep.
  The next day he decided he wanted me younger. He put my hair in a
ponytail and told me to just wear pale lipstick as makeup. To complete
the picture he wrapped elastic bandage around my breasts to make them
smaller and shaved all the hair off my pussy again. Then he dressed me in
cutoff jeans and a t-shirt tied in the middle to show my flat stomach,
bobby sox and sneakers. I felt and looked about twelve years old. 
  He flew us to Vancouver B.C and took me to their amusement park. I had
not been to one for years and I really regressed. I sucked on a big
lollipop while I walked around holding his hand while he put me on the
merry-go round and other rides. I was as silly as any little kid giggling
and squealing on the more exciting rides. He wore a business suit and
really looked the part of a daddy entertaining his little daughter.
  He really seemed to enjoy it when older ladies said he had a pretty
daughter while I blushed at the compliment.
  Late that afternoon he must have tired of the game. He drove me to town
and parked in front of a club that said "Girls, Girl, Girls." He told me
to take off the elastic bandage and wait for him in the car. He took my
little purse with him with my I.D. and a polaroid he had taken of me
naked that I had asked to keep since it made me look so good.
  In a few minutes he came back to say, "It is all set. Come with me."
  He led me to a table a few feet from the stage. All the men looked at
me strangely no doubt wondering what such a young girl was doing in
there.
  When we were seated he told me to watch the girls to see what they did
to get the most applause from the audience because after a while I would
be up there.
  "Oh no. Please! You are the only man who has seen me naked. Since you
shaved my pussy I will be completely naked."
  "Are you refusing me?"
  I backed down right away except for one last ditch effort to discourage
it. "No! I'll do it if you really want me to but I thought you loved me.
You should be jealous of all these strange men looking at my naked body
and having lewd thoughts."
  "No. If they are excited by you I will feel proud that I can have you
while they can only look. Of course if you don't excite them I may decide
I have poor taste in women."
  I thought to myself that this was going to be another contest. If I
didn't turn them on he could use that as an excuse to drop me.
  I watched the girls and the audience avidly. The good news was that the
dancing took very little talent since they just moved languidly with the
music and since it had a hard beat that would not be hard. The bad news
was that the only whistles and applause came when the girls did something
particularly lewd.
  Naturally I had not seen a show like this and hoped he would realize
what a sacrifice I was making for him to be embarressed and humiliated in
front of all those strange men. It didn't turn out to be much of a
sacrifice.
  Jon told me to go up and stand by the stage. When my name was announced
I stepped up on it to applause. I was embarrassed and clumsy getting my
clothes off but when I worked up enough nerve to look at the men watching
me I found I was a hit. I didn't have to do anything really lewd to get
applause. They loved my shaved pussy and just shaking my tits and opening
my legs was enough to get whistles, yells and applause. I began to feel a
sense of pride and power to make all of them excited.
  I slipped on my shorts and t-shirt to rush back to our table while men
gave me compliments and patted my butt on the way back.
  I was elated at my success, "Jon they liked me! It wasn't so bad once I
got used to it. Were you proud of me?"
  I was disappointed he was not as excited as me.
  "You did pretty good but a lot of your applause was because they had
never seen you before. Let's see how it goes on the next dance."
  By now it was nine o'clock and more girls came and they changed the
format so we danced to two songs per time with a fairly fast song to get
naked and shake to then a slower one the girls used to crawl around on
the floor or simulate sex. 
  I danced six more times before they closed. He was right. Every dance
had to be more lewd to get them excited, by the last dance I had already
pulled out my nipples and spread the lips of my pussy to impress them. I
had been told I could not put my fingers actually inside my pussy so in
desperation to come up with something I was sure would work I borrowed
Jon's belt and on the last dance I used it to spank my butt in time with
the music. The yells and applause was deafening so I spanked my stomach
and tits too. I got a little carried away. I really made myself red but
it was worth it to go out with a bang. I almost felt sorry for the girls
after me. I had made fifty dollars in tips on the last dance. They only
got a few dollars.
  It turned Jon on too! He hustled me out of the place to check into a
hotel down the street and we fucked twice before we went to sleep.
  The next morning he gushed on about how proud he was of me for exciting
the men more than the more experienced girls. On the way home he put the
plane on auto-pilot and we fucked with me sitting on his lap while he
chewed on my nipples and spanked my butt with his hands.
  My exhibition started something. The next night he told me that he had
decided to have me put on a private show for his friends. That seemed
particularly humiliating to me. At the club it seemed less personal since
they were all strangers and I was separated from them by the stage. This
would be for people who knew me and would be much more intimate. I had
been able to convince myself at the club that I was an entertainer and
had even elevated myself to "Star" status. Just doing it in our living
room just made me feel like a whore or slut. I objected for these reasons
but he quickly put me in my place by telling me that it was not important
to him for me to enjoy myself. My task was simply to provide
entertainment for him and his guests and the fact it would be humiliating
to me and yet I would still do it would just add to his pleasure.I was
hurt! I thought he had loved me and in my mind if a man loved me he would
be jealous and want me all to himself. The fact he was willing to share
me so intimately seemed to reduce me to just his toy. 
  He dressed me in panties, bra, slip, skirt, blouse, and high heeled
shoes. He had two of his men friends come to our house and had me make
drinks for them then sat around making small talk  while I became more
nervous and embarrassed when they would say I was pretty which just
reminded me that I would soon be naked for them.
  Then Jon took me aside to explain my show. I was to dance for awhile
then go to them one by one so they could remove a piece of my clothing.
To make it more demeaning I was to ask them to take them off by saying
"Please Remove my blouse," or whatever.
  To my shame by the time I was down to my panties and bra the fondling
of my body when they took things off had me excited.
 After I was naked he handed me the thong whip! He told me to whip myself
with it in time with the music. I just slapped myself easy with it in
time with the music but this was not good enough for them. Jon yelled,
"No not like that! Do it like you did at the club." He put on a faster
song to make me hit myself faster then they all began to chant "Harder.
Harder!" till I got caught up in their enthusiasm and excitement and
began really hurting myself. Suddenly it seemed too weird for me to hurt
myself but I didn't want it to stop so I went to Jon and handed him the
whip then put my arms over my head to turn slowly in front of him while
he lashed my entire body. I was turning slowly panting and sweating from
the excitement with my eyes closed to concentrate on the sting and burn
of the lash when I felt a extra hard one distort my breasts and opened my
eyes to see that Jon had passed the whip to his friend. 
  It just didn't matter! The more it hurt the more excited I became. That
naturally made them all horny and when the song ended they were all
standing around me with their pants down and holding their dicks. One of
them said, "Suck me!"  I felt I deserved the humiliaIation after
demonstrating my sexual aberration so I dropped to my knees and sucked
and swallowed till I could get his dick into my throat. As soon as he
came the other man sitting on the couch yelled, "Now me!" I scuttled over
to him on my hands and knees. His dick was a little smaller so he was
able to stick his dick down my throat till my nose was in his crotch hair
and then I felt Jon putting his dick in my pussy from the rear. He
reached around to pinch my nipples and jerk on my tits till the man I was
sucking went completely limp and I just collapsed with the exhaustion
from the experience. They just let me lie there while Jon showed them to
the door. I was grateful that Jon was the only one that fucked me but had
to admit to myself that I would have let them all do it. I really felt
depraved and felt that I had betrayed Jon by immediately doing as they
asked instead of waiting for Jon to tell me to do it if he wanted.
  By the time he came back from seeing them off I had managed to catch my
breath but stayed on the floor in the foetal position sobbing at the slut
I had become.
  Jon didn't help. "I had no idea when I met you that you were such a
slut. The only thing important to you is getting orgasms, isn't it?"
  I felt terribly ashamed and tried to defend myself. "I am so sorry but
I didn't used to be this way. I swear I was a virgin when you met me!" 
  I hid my face and began to sob loudly again. When my sobs turned to
sniffles he said, "Maybe it is in your genes. Was your mother a slut?"
  That really hurt especially since my Dad had said she was nothing but a
slut for leaving us to go with another man.  Somehow this explained the
way I was and closed any chance for me to be a good person. I said, "My
dad said she was." and began to cry again.
  He picked me up and put me in his lap on the couch to hug and cuddle me
as if I was just a baby.
  "It is alright, Baby. I am kind of proud you were able to excite those
men since they have seen and done nearly everything. I want you to have
orgasms too. It is just that I can't trust you since you may want to fuck
other people to get off and I am afraid to death of AID'S. Do you think
you can be true to me?"  
  "Oh yes, Jon! I swear I would not have touched those men except I
thought you wanted me to."  He looked at me doubtfully and I realized I
obviously could not wait to get that man's dick in my mouth. I hung my
head and said timidly, "I shouldn't have sucked that man until you told
me to do it. You should punish me."
  "It should be something you won't forget shouldn't it."
  "That scared me because I could not imagine how much pain that would
take. I had already whipped myself harder than Jon had and had managed to
just get terribly excited by it. I gulped and said, "I will suffer
through anything you want to do. I want to prove you are more important
to me than anything."
  "I think I know something that will be a constant reminder. You have
had a big day. Let's go to bed."
  When we went to bed I just felt even more guilty because he was so
wonderful to me. He kissed the whole front of my body and then licked my
pussy till I was near orgasm before fucking me then cuddling me in his
arms till he went to sleep. I couldn't go to sleep for a long time
because I could not think of anything horrendous enough to punish me
sufficiently to make up for my betrayal to him. I wiped the idea out of
my mind that he may have had me suck them even if I had not volunteered.
  I was even more humiliated when he put a chain on my ankle long enough
for me to be in the kitchen and reach the bathroom since he was still not
sure he could trust me enough to be sure I would not look for someone for
me to have sex with while he was gone.
  While smoking a cigarette I came very close to putting it out on my
nipple but held off thinking that my punishment should come from him.
  He seemed to be gone forever. When he came back I was overjoyed to see
him although I knew I would soon be in some sort of pain.
  He hugged me then opened a black box to show me two large gold rings
and two more smaller ones.
  "I believe if you are wearing these on your nipples and the lips of
your pussy you will be constantly reminded that you should be true to me.
Do you agree?"
  I picked them out of the box to look at them.
  "Yes but how do they work? I don't see any clamps or anything."
  He took one from me to show a catch to open them up.
  "Your nipples and cunt lips will be punctured and then these will be
slipped into the holes. A lot like piercing your ears for earrings.
  I knew it would not be the same. These rings were thick! It had just
taken a small needle to pierce my ears, these would take a huge one. I
had already decided I couldn't suffer enough to make up for my slutty
behavior so I just nodded.
  He said that I may not be able to stay still for it so he took me to
the dungeon and tied me to the "X" frame so my legs were about three feet
apart then wrapped rope from the bottom of my breasts to my navel and
then around both thighs so I could not move and could barely breathe.
  He walked back to his rain coat and took out a frightening tool. It
looked like a big pliers with a wheel with different size punches in it.
He explained it was a leather punch to make holes for laces or belt
buckles but would also work well on me.
  He could have made it easier by doing it fast but he slowly closed the
jaws letting me feel the punch slowly cutting through my skin while he
pulled out my nipple so far my breast formed a cone shape. I screamed
throughout the whole operation and even more when he stopped the bleeding
with some kind a styptic powder that burned as bad as the cigarette I had
considered burning myself with.
  He watched me sobbing with my tears running down my face to drip on my
boobs and must have felt sorry for me because he said, "That hurt you
much more than I thought it would. May be we should do another one
later."
  I blubbered, "No. I want all of them now. But please make the hole
faster."
  I gritted my teeth as he pulled out my other nipple then closed the
jaws just enough to make a pinch saying, "When you are ready say 'Now."
  I took a deep breath then moaned "Now"!
  He aqueezed the jaw quickly and that was much better as the sharp pain
only lasted a second but I still could not suppress a small scream when
the powder was put on to burn it.
  He went to my pussy and pulled out my right lip to again just cause a
pinch as he held it out with the pliers for a few seconds until I
realized what he was waiting for and moaned, "Now."
  That was much better than my nipples. I just felt a sharp pinch and it
was over.Even the powder just caused a burn that excited me as he
continued to caress my pussy. I felt like I had cheated him of the pain I
deserved and said determidly, "Do the last one slowly."
  I knew I had said the right thing when he smiled and said, "That is my
good brave girl. I am proud of you."
  Now the pinch slowly became more intense and I gritted my teeth
determined not to scream as I felt the punch slowly cutting through my
skin until I realized it was over when I felt the burn of the powder to
make me sob.
  He put in the rings and untied me. I fell into his arms sobbing while
he comforted me. "Now, now, Baby. It is all over now. You know you
deserved the pain don't you."
  I sobbed, "Yes. I deserved that and more. Do you forgive me now?"
  It is not a question of forgiveness. It is now just a question as to
whether these will remind you to be true."
  By now the sharp pain had gone away and now I just throbbed. I said ,
"Make love to me to show me I have beeen forgiven."
  I found that the pull on the rings on my nipples with his tongue and
the ones at my pussy pushed into me greatly increased the thrill and I
had several great orgasms to make my ordeal seem worthwhile.
 He had to leave the next morning for some business. While he was gone I
had thought of ways to prove I belonged to him. I decided to volunteer
for even more.
  When he came home I met him at the door stark naked and said,
  "Jon come in to the kitchen. I want to show you something."
  While he was gone I decided I had to prove I belonged to him and him
alone. I thought the best way to prove it would be to be branded like a
cow. I found some large paper clips and a needle nose pliers and bent
them to form his initials.
  I showed them to him and said I wanted to heat them red hot on his gas
stove and brand me with him since he owned me as much as any cattleman
owned his cattle or a plantation owner owned his slaves.
  He was incredulous, "That will hurt a lot! Do you really want to
volunteer to have me do it?
  "Yes. I know it will hurt horribly. I burned myself once when bacon
spattered on me. It will hurt and keep hurting so you can know I will do
anything for you.I love you and want to be your slave."
  He hugged and kissed me saying, "You are wonderful. Even my wife did
not volunteer for branding."
  "I love you. I hope this will prove it. May I suggest where the brands
should be?"
  "Of course. I assume they should be on your butt as that is least
sensitive."
  "No. They should be where anyone who makes love to me will see that I
belong to you. Right here."
  I opened my legs and pressed my index fingers into my pussy lips on
each side of my clitoris.
  He smiled and said, "God! You amaze me with your courage."
  I am not sure I am brave enough to be still and I don't want to move
and ruin a clear impression. You should tie me to the table so tightly I
can't flinch.
  He tied my legs open by wrapping ropes around my legs and the table
legs then put ropes arond my wrists to pull me tight. Then he took a long
ropes and pssed it over my body and under the table top to press me into
the table from just above my bubic bone to my breasts until I felt like I
was wearing a tight corset and could only take shallow breaths. Finally
he tied twine to my pussy rings and used it to pull my lips back together
to tighten the skin for my brands.
  He told me to try to move but I was so tight I couldn't even shudder.
  Finally he said, "You might want to see this." 
  He jammed a pillow under my head then used my nipple rings to pull my
breasts apart so I could see my defensless pussy. My fear began to grow
as he put the brands on the burner lifting them occasionly until they
were glowing red hot.
  He pressed the first into my lip to create horrendous pain as I saw
steam or smoke arise. It hurt so much I couldn't breathe and just gasped
as the burn seemed to envelope my entire crotch to increase even more for
the second.
  My pussy seemed on fire as he put a washcloth under the faucet but then
he held the cold cloth against my burn to almost instantly stop the pain.
  Then he got a towel wet and the filled it with ice which he left on my
pussy while he untied me.
  He led me to a mirror and I took off the towel briefly to see the
letters, "J and W" dark red against the white skin.
  I said, "Oh Jon. You did it perfectly. Anyone who sees me will know I
am yours." I kissed him and that led to him letting me down to the floor
to make love to me. Our sweat going into the burns caused additional pain
that soared me into a glorious orgasm.
  It was worth it though because he put salve on the burns right away and
put the towel of ice back on it. It took quite awhile to heal. For the
rest of the day I could only leave the towel off briefly to admire my new
look but a liberal application of salve before I went to sleep had the
pain nearly conquered by morning. I was reminded of the experience
especially when he fucked me and our sweat caused the burns to hurt all
over again.
  I was disappointed when the red went away leaving barely visible scars
but he showed me that we could always make them visible by spanking my
pussy with a strap that made my pussy red but left the scars white.
  For weeks he could not do enough for me. I was spoiled by presents,
gourmet foods, and expensive wine until I would beg him to whip me so I
could provide payment for them. I even closed out my bank account and
gave him the money I had received in tips for my dancing to show him I
was totally dependent on him.
  I did anything he wanted so he never had an excuse to punish me. Even
when I asked for it he only hit me hard enough to get me excited enough
to insure orgasms when he fucked me either in my pussy or my ass. 
  Even his trips to the sex store were not to get things to hurt me. He
brought back exotic costumes and vibrators to use in my ass while he was
fucking my pussy or my pussy while he fucked my ass. Even when he was not
interested in sex he always brought me to orgasm so I enjoyed one or more
every day.
  One thing he bought was really wild. It was a very wide rubber dick
with rubber spikes sticking out all over. It was attached to a leather
bikini panty. It was so big he had to cover it with vaseline and have me
spread my legs as far as I could to get it in. Then he said he wanted to
see if I could be a sophisticated lady and took me to the ballet.  The
thing almost made me crazy. Even the smallest movement made the spikes
rub on my clit and inner lips. By the time we got to his private box at
the theatre I was doing my best to hold up my head and move regally but I
could not help my sharp intakes of breath when a spike dug into my clit
and knew I was sweating under my clothes.
  I found out there was more. He had me pull up my skirt then turned a
switch. The prick began jumping and swelling and shrinking in my pussy. I
really tried to keep my face calm but I began to go into orgasms that got
stronger and stronger till I could not stand it any longer and ran to the
bathroom to take off the bikini and turn off the dildo.
  When I got back he just looked at me calmly  and said, "You failed the
test and worse drew attention when you ran out."
  I tried to explain but he just told me to be quiet so he could
concentrate on the ballet. When I put my hand on his dick he just gave me
a look of disgust and lifted it off him to put it on the arm of my chair.
  I was crushed.  The ballet seemed to last forever and when it was over
he just walked off leaving me to try to keep up with him in my high
heels. At the limo he opened the front door for me to sit with the driver
while he got in the back. I cried all the way home.
  When we got home He went to a closet and took out a blanket to throw on
the sofa. "Here, I don't think I want to sleep with a slut tonight."
  I felt totally ashamed of my lack of self-control. I dropped to my
knees in front of him crying, "Please don't be mad at me. Help me learn
to be good. Punish me!"
  "How? I know you have learned to enjoy your little spankings."
  My mind raced over ways I could pay until I knew just what I deserved.
  "My pussy caused me to lose control. Whip it. Whip it hard."
  "Yes that may work because I know how you can show you have self
control."
  He had me get on my back on the dining room table then got some heavy
twine out of a drawer to tie to my nipple rings and then to the table
pulling out my nipples to their maximum stretch and pulling my breasts
into my armpits. He tied my legs so far open I was doing the splits then
tied twine on my cuntrings to pull the lips of my pussy up against my
thigh. Finally he tied my left wrist to the twine on my left nipple. I
was already in a lot  of pain while he undressed then picked up the thong
whip and went behind me to lay his dick on my forehead.
  "Take my dick in your hand and stroke it. If you have any self-control
you will be able to give me a good handjob. When I cum I will stop
whipping your pussy."
  I began to stroke his dick till he was satisfied with my grip and speed
then brought the whip back behind his head.
  There was a loud, "Splat" followed immediately by a sting and burn
covering my entire crotch clear to my asshole. I screamed then I just
squeezed his dick and braced myself for the next one. One lash fell after
another causing me to jump and squirm to cause even more pain to my
nipples and cuntlips. I just could not concentrate on stroking his dick.
I found I was just holding it and squeezing at each lash. Eventually my
pussy became a little numb as the nerves overloaded and I realized if I
didn't get him off soon my pussy would be bleeding. I used all my
willpower to concentrate on stroking his dick. When my body seemed to be
enveloped in pain I was stroking so fast my hand was a blur and he
grunted to cover my face with cum.
  He dropped the whip and stood there panting and rubbing his dick in the
cum on my face while I laid there throbbing in pain. 
  He finally got his breath and began to untie me while telling me how
beautiful and wonderful I was. He even compared my bravery to the
christian martyrs.
  I was in his good graces again in a big way. He flew me to Los Angeles
and let me shop on Rodeo drive. This was followed by a wonderful dinner
then a night at the Beverly Hills Hotel so I could look for celebrities.
He was so nice to me I could not think of anything extreme enough to give
him as much pleasure. I was almost disappointed that he was satisfied by
a blow job and fucking my ass since that had given me pleasure as well.
  When we got home he said he had a new experience for me I should really
enjoy. We had an early dinner then sipped drinks for a couple of hours
then he took me into the dungeon and tied me between the ceiling and the
floor with my legs spread. This was a position I was normally whipped in
so I couldn't understand how this could be a new enjoyable experience. He
did not tie me tightly enough to hurt and even asked if I was
comfortable.
  A few minutes later the door chime rang and he stopped stroking my body
to allow the elevator to come up.
  I heard voices outside then he walked in with a black hooker I
recognized from the sex shop.
  He had her undress to show her huge boobs and then said, "I want you to
give her the best head she could imagine. Make her cum till she begs for
mercy."
  She went to her knees in front of me to push her huge tongue in me. She
was fantastic! Her tongue vibrated against my clit then she would stick
it deep inside to bring it back out to vibrate again followed by sticking
it in my asshole. It felt wonderful but I did not know how to react. I
was afraid this might be a test and I may be punished for getting off to
being eaten not only by a woman but a black one. Jon must have noticed my
tenseness as I tried to keep control and totally relieved me when he
stepped behind me to reach around to fondle my breasts and said, "Go with
it baby. I want to watch you cum."
  I relaxed to let the sensations run through me until I went into
multiple orgasms that finally became so intense I moaned."Oh please. No
more!"
  They sat on one of the stretching table and watched me panting and
trembling from aftershocks running through my body.
  She watched me avidly then said, "Jesus Jon, The way you have her tied
reminds me of the time when I was little and my grandma told me her
mother was tied that way and given fifty lashes because the master of the
plantation had raped her and the mistress thought she had enticed him and
whipped her. When I think of it. It makes me hate white people."
  Jon came over to me and said, "Would you like her to feel better about
white people?"
  I knew what he wanted and felt guilty about enjoying the experience so
much so I  moaned, "Please let her give me fifty lashes"
  She jumped up with wide eyes and said, "Really? Is she for real?"
  Jon said, "If you want to do it, here is a whip."
  She grabbed it out of his hand and faced me to bring it around to snap
it against my ass. She really hit hard and kept moving around me to cover
every inch of my torso from front to back then as I screamed used the
last twenty lashes on my tits and pussy wrenching them out of shape. I
had gone beyond screaming and just shuddered and moaned at each lash.
  When it was over she said, "Here is your hundred back Jon. I will never
forget this as long as I live."
  Tears were still falling on my breasts when he came back to get me down
to carry me to the pool to cool my burning body. I had no cuts so I began
to feel better right away.
  I said hesitantly, "Jon, she made me have orgasms. Did the whipping
make up for it?"
  "Don't be silly. You were supposed to cum as a reward for my handjob
while I whipped your pussy. I know you cum from being whipped too so I
thought you may get off again."
  "Oh no! I just get off when you whip me because you start out easy
until I can get excited. You love me. She just hit me fast and hard with
so much hate in her face I was afraid she might kill me."
  "I would have stopped her if she got carried away. Your fear must have
made it worse. She just turned your skin red. I don't think you will have
a bruise."
  He was wrong about that, When I got up in the morning I had several
small bruises where the ends of the whip had hit especially on my breasts
and pussy.
  At least he was happy with me and I had to admit to myself I had cum at
the last of her whipping when she concentrated on my pussy and tits.
  The good news was eating at gourmet restaurants with small portions had
caused me to lose weight and all the exercise I was getting from
swimming, dancing, fucking and being whipped made my body look better
than ever. My waist got smaller and my tits and butt got firmer. The
brand on my pussy eventually became small white scars raised slightly
from my skin. When my pussy was spanked and red the scars would stay
white to make them easy to see. Jon liked that so my pussy was spanked a
lot but only hard enough to make me climax.
  The bad news was that Jon became really proud of the way I looked and
made me strip for any of his friends that dropped by. I had to stand
quietly, blushing while they would feel me all over and talk about me as
if I was just some kind of beautiful animal. To add to my humiliation Jon
would put a collar on my neck and lead me around on my hands and knees
with a leash. If he noticed his guest had a hardon from watching me he
would have me unzip his fly and suck him off swallowing all his cum and
then drying his dick with my hair before tucking it back in. I didn't
mind sucking dicks when it was part of sex but there was no effort to get
me excited and after they left I would have to beg Jon to fuck me so I
could feel human again.
  Eventually I had so many clothes and jewels they did not work as well
for rewards. He came to realize this and instead of just buying me things
he began to be more demonstrative of his love for me. Anytime we were in
public he would give me hugs and kisses so I could bask in the smiles of
people who thought it was so sweet that we were so much in love.
  Almost every night he would take me to the theatre or dancing in my
finest clothes so I could enjoy the jealous looks of other women.
  Unfortunately this also brought on insecurity for me because the other
women, some prettier than me, fawned over Jon leaving me no doubt I could
be replaced by someone even prettier.
  I knew that the only thing I had going for me was my willingness to
submit to any pain or humiliation that would make him excited enough to
want to have sex with me.
  There was no longer any pretense for either of us that I would be given
pain as punishment. He would only hurt me bad enough to get me excited
for great sex. I found I was volunteering to suffer for him more and more
and would bask in the idea he really loved me when he would reject things
I suggested that would badly bruise me or leave scars.
 One day Jon said that his friends and their wives all seemed to agree
that I was nice and quite beautiful so he had decided to have a party. I
was very excited to be accepted by his rich friends and asked if I should
make canapes for the party. He said that was not necessary because the
affair would be catered and that I would be too busy as the center of
attention. He had me go to a beauty salon on the day of the party for
them to massage me and do my hair and nails then wax me to make sure I
had no body hair. I hurried home to try to decide which of my beautiful
gowns to wear. Jon came up to ask me what I was doing so I told him I
needed him to help me decide on a gown. He ruined everything for me! He
said, "Don't you remember? I said you would be the center of attention.
You won't be wearing anything. I will even take out your rings. You are
the entertainment. You will carry your whip totally nude and will go to
each guest and tell them you will either satisfy their desire or take
twenty lashes with the whip. It will be a test to see if you are slut
enough to satisfy their sexual desires or courageous enough to accept
lashes with no idea as to how hard they will be or where they will land."
  This was terrible! Unless I asked for hundreds of lashes which would be
separated too much to allow me to go into orgasm I would be admitting I
was a slut. I sat in our bedroom whimpering and holding the whip that
would be giving me hours of pain until the guests had arrived and Jon led
me into the living room. There were ten couples. If they all whipped me I
would be getting four hundred lashes!
  That thought and the humiliation of being stark naked among all the men
fully dressed in tuxedos and the women in beautiful gowns made me cry.
Jon said sharply, "Be brave! Let these people know that you have twice
their courage."
  That helped! I realized that if I was brave they would have to respect
me although I was naked and servile.
  I heard the guests arriving waiting docilely in a combination of fear
and excitement until Jon came in and put a beautiful silk gown around my
shoulders and told me to hold the front closed with my hands until he was
ready to unveil me.
  Just before we went out he had me open my legs to spank my pussy until
the scars of his initials appeared and I was near orgasm.
  When we went out he had me stand until they were gathered in front of
me then said, "Some of you have wondered why I chose Joy to be my
constant companion when several beautiful, educated, and well bred women
were available. I have decided to show you. Joy will do anything I wish
to please me. Tonight she has agreed to please you as well. In proof that
she is willing to suffer more than any other woman for me notice her
pussy."
  At that he pulled off my robe and a woman gasped as she said, "Jesus!
her pussy has been branded with his initials. I can't imagine how much
that must have hurt. It is like in the "Story of O" except the brand is
in an even more delicate spot."
  I decided to go to the people we had been to dinner and the theatre
with first hoping they would go easy on me.
  As instructed I knelt in front of them and said, "I am here to
entertain you. I will do anything you ask. If I refuse you may give me
twenty lashes with this whip."
  I was lucky. He just wanted me to stand still while he fondled my body.
I thought that since I was not cooperating I could agree without
appearing too sluttish. It was embarrassing because as soon as he began
fondling me we were circled by people. Fortunately I blushed and felt
vindicated because someone said, "Look she is blushing with embarrassment
but is not complaining in order to please Jon." I began to think I would
have been better off with the lashing because no time limit was set on
his fondling. I began to get excited as he pulled on my nipples and put
his fingers in my pussy and it was very hard to hide the fact I was
enjoying this which would make me a slut.
  Finally he tired of fondling me so I dropped back down on my knees and
after taking a deep breath to steady my voice I made my speech to his
wife.
  She said, "Your body seems very firm. I would like to test it by
slapping it with my hands."
  This time I was smart enough to set guidelines and asked how many
slaps. When she said twenty should do it I agreed.
  She made it last forever. She had me stand with my back to her for a
slap to one cheek then make comments about the way my ass jiggled when
hit and the perfect red hand-print she left on my butt. Then she would
have me turn to slap my breast. This really hurt but she just giggled at
the way it had jumped then had me turn and bend over for another on my
butt. By the tenth spank and pose I had some satisfaction when she said
she should have used the whip since her hand was hurting. She gave me the
next eight left-handed which did not hurt as much but as a finale while
the others cheered she had me do a back-bend then hit me two hard ones on
my pussy with the backs of her fingers. Her middle finger went between
the lips to hit my clit to make me scream.
  I was beginning to feel frustrated. The excitement of being the center
of admiration coupled with the pain was making me excited but not enough
to cum which I wanted so much while at the same time I realized there was
no way I could get an orgasm without them all knowing it. I was sure all
of them would think I was a terrible slut if I came while suffering pain
and humiliation. 
  The next man wanted a blow-job which I had to refuse. He had me bend
over and had his wife hold on to my tits to keep me in position while he
whipped my butt. She actually hurt me more than he did by pinching my
nipples with her long fingernails and jerking on them with each lash.
  They gave me a drink to give me a break then his wife said she wanted
me to eat her pussy and lick her asshole. I chose the lashes which were
terrible since she put all twenty on my tits while her husband held me in
a hammer-lock hold.
  For the rest of the night I received lashes in all kinds of positions
when they knew I would refuse sex. Some times I would be held
spreadeagled by as many as four people. Other times I would have to
assume a pose and hold it with no restraint. I found it was better to be
held since it did not require as much courage. I also found that the
women were much meaner than the men. They always demanded oral sex they
knew I would refuse then concentrate on my sensitive nipples and clit. It
hurt so much I could not have been able to stay still for it without
being held.
  It took several hours to satisfy all of them but I felt vindicated at
the end when I was given a standing ovation for my bravery and devotion
to Jon. All of them took turns caressing my red and welted body with the
salve Jon gave them. I really felt proud and loved with the caresses and
compliments. As the crowning touch  one of the women said that I deserved
a reward.
  "You deserve something special. I am going to eat that sweet red pussy
until you have a marvelous orgasm."
  I didn't know if I should accept or not. I looked at Jon and he nodded
so I agreed.
  It was wonderful! She knew just how to do it and made it even better by
having two other women lick and nibble my nipples. I came until the
exhaustion from all the whipping and the orgasms put me to sleep. 
  I didn't wake up until the next morning. My skin was white again and it
was hard to believe I had suffered so much that night.
  Jon was very happy with my performance and after breakfast licked and
fucked me to give me a splendid orgasm because I could remember all the
pain I had gone through to add to my excitement.
  Again Jon agreed to let me do anything I wanted for the next few days
then he decided to have a pool party. I became a little frightened
thinking I might be in for an even greater ordeal than the last party and
was very happy when Jon said I would be equal to anyone at the party and
would thoroughly enjoy myself. He had me wear one of my thong bathing
suits which just had a small strap going up the crack of my ass and cut
low enough in front to show my pubic mound. Unfortunately the other women
also wore the same kind of suit and I was hurt to see Jon admiring their
bodies while they talked about their special diets and their athletic
clubs that kept them in shape. I felt really good when one of the women
noticed my brands. I proudly told her that I had asked Jon to do it so I
could prove I belonged to him and she said to her husband, "Don't get any
ideas. I am not sure I love you that much." I walked away proudly noting
her husband's look of disappointment. I knew I was really special.
  One of the women told me I had a great flat stomach and said she could
not work up the motivation to work hard enough to get that hard.
  "Why don't you do as I do? I set a goal on each exercise and if I don't
make it I have Jon give me a spanking. There is a great exercise. You
hang from a trapeze and lift your legs up to your stomach. It really
makes it hard. I can do ten or twelve of them. Would you like to try it?"
  Her husband said, "Go for it! You know how I love flat tummies."
  "Yeah sure! I suppose you would like to spank me if I don't make it."
  "You know how lazy you are. You need something like that."
  "Well okay but you will get carried away if you get to spank me. I'll
do it if Joy does the spanking."
  He agreed and we went to the trapeze at the deep end of the pool. I
explained how it worked then Jon tapped me on the shoulder to hand me my
thong whip.
  She looked at it wide-eyed and said, "Wait. That thing looks as if it
will really hurt!"
  "Not really. It doesn't hurt as much as a man's hand. It is real soft.
Feel it."
  She took it from me and felt the thongs. The whip was deceptive. It had
been soaked in oil and felt really soft but I had found it was actually
worse than just dry thongs because the oil made it real flexible so every
inch of it would be felt and the oil added weight.
  By now everyone had gathered around her and when one of the women said,
"Sandra! Don't be a wimp. You need this. You know how you quit at the
club the minute you get a drop of sweat."
  "Well okay but I have never done this exercise. If you can do twelve I
will just try for eight."
  "Okay. If you don't make it you will get sixteen spanks."
  "That shouldn't be too bad. My brute husband gives me birthday
spankings with his belt."
  She went to the trapeze and her husband lifted her up since it was high
enough to keep your feet from touching the floor. When he let go the
little pooch went out of her stomach and her breasts lifted to show the
top part of her nipples. She looked great! The audience Yelled out
compliments and her husband felt her taut belly and said it was hard as a
rock. Others ran over to feel it so she hung there beaming with pleasure
at their admiration for a few moments using up some of her strength.
  I hated the admiring look Jon was giving her and hoped she would not be
able to complete the exercise so I could spank her.
  She did the first four pretty easily. Everyone applauded and yelled
encouragement as they stared at her straining body and the way her
breasts were slowly working out of her bathing suit top. By the fourth
one her nipples popped out. They really applauded by the sixth when the
top fell to her waist showing her really nice boobs. I thought she was
going to make it although sweat began to run off her body and each one
took a little longer to get her knees up to her waist. At seven she was
panting and made several attempts but could not get her knees up all the
way. She finally just hung there and moaned, "I can't do it."
  Jon stepped up to snap some handcuffs onto her wrists and over the bar
of the trapeze saying, "This is just in case you change your mind."
  She looked dazed and didn't seem to notice her breasts were bare. Her
husband stepped behind her and pulled the skinny triangle at the back of
her suit into the crack of her ass causing her to gasp.
  I stepped to her side and slapped her ass with the whip. She jumped
making her tits bobble while they applauded and yelled "One!"
  They became more excited at each count as the whip made a loud snap and
red lines formed on her butt. I knew from experience the pain was not as
bad as it looked and she confirmed it by just making small gasps and
shuddering at each lash. I found that it really got to me. I had not
expected it to be so exciting to be at this end of the whip and really
had to concentrate on not hitting her too hard. By about the thirteenth
lash some of the people had been engulfed by the excitement and had
pulled off their suits to fuck dog fashion so they could continue to
watch. By the sixteenth I was panting as hard as Sandra who was obviously
excited by the ordeal.
 Her husband couldn't wait for her cuffs to be removed. He just ripped
off her suit bottom and buried his dick inside her, grabbing her red
cheeks to pull her forward while she wrapped her legs around his waist to
help drive him into her.  
  Jon took off her handcuffs but she continued to hold on to the trapeze
with a look of pure ecstasy on her face.
 I pulled down Jon's suit and flopped on my back for him to lay on me
with my legs around his butt pulling him into me as deep as possible.
  After we came I sat up to see everyone was naked and lying back looking
satisfied. Jon sent me to get a bottle of champagne and glasses. We sat
around in a circle cross-legged like kids around the campfire to check
out each other's bodies. They had Sandra stand up to show her red butt.
By now it had faded to the point it just looked like it was blushing.
Showing it off while they felt it to see if it was still warm seemed to
excite her again. She said, "That was a wild experience! Don's birthday
spankings have never turned me on. I just let him do it because it made
him excited. Somehow being tied with a bunch of people watching me almost
naked while my butt got hot and tingly was really exciting. I was about
to have an orgasm when she quit. Could you tell?"
  They all agreed that it was obvious she was getting off on it by the
look on her face and the way she was pulsating. Jon had taken out my
nipple rings since they were so obvious in my white top but had left my
pussy rings in. One of the girls noticed them and asked me to come over
so she could see them better. She thought they were beautiful but
shuddered at the thought of putting them in. I again wanted to prove how
much I loved Jon so I told her it hurt awful but I wanted them as further
proof of my love for Jon.
  I think that alienated the other women especially when their husbands
or boyfriends asked them why they had never done anything to prove their
love. Sandra said, "Oh she is just making a big deal over it. It is just
skin. I had my ears pierced in three places for my diamonds. I'll bet
that hurt just as much. I'll bet she spanked me harder than Jon ever did
her."
  I didn't know what to say. There was no way to prove how much it had
hurt and I didn't want Jon to look sadistic. I just sat there thinking of
an answer when she continued.
  "I'll bet she lied about doing twelve of those leg-ups too. I am in
great shape and I could only do seven."
  "Yes I can! I already have. If I really pushed I could do fourteen."
  Sandra squealed, "That's a bet. If you don't do it I get to give you
twenty eight lashes."
  I was trapped but I didn't care. I wanted to prove myself. I told
Sandra defiantly, "I am not only stronger than you but braver too. You
know spankings to your butt don't really hurt that bad.If I don't make it
I will take the sixteen you took on my butt plus sixteen more on my
front!"
  Sandra smiled evilly and said, "Really? You mean I can turn that cute
white belly, your breasts, and even your pussy all red?"
  "Yes but don't get your hopes up. I will do fourteen."
  "You better! I am going to hit as hard as I can. Just like you did!"
  That wasn't true. I could have hit her harder but I just said, "Do your
worst if you get the chance!"
  Everyone cheered and I felt very proud of myself. 
  I was happy that I received as many compliments as Sandra when I jumped
up to the trapeze and hung there for a moment to show them how my stomach
went concave.
  It was exciting to flash my pussy in front of all those people, I felt
like I was on stage again and smiled at the hungry look on the faces of
the men as I not only lifted my legs but spread them too. I did them
slowly to let them see my muscles work which was a mistake. The
excitement plus the fact I was still tired from the sex and the extra
effort to slowly spread them and bring my knees up next to my breasts
made me realize I was not going to make it. My legs shook as I managed to
lift them up for the thirteenth then I gave up sobbing from the exertion.
  I was so tired I dropped to the floor panting as I sat there recovering
Sandra said, "Rest up because when you are ready to be handcuffed to the
trapese I am going to turn that cute white body maroon. Remember? You
said I could hit your front as well as your butt."
  That scared me. I knew she ws strong and I had never received thirty
lashes all hard.
  "Please don't hit too hard. I went easy on you."
  "I didn't ask you to go easy. The point is to punish for failure. It
was your choice to go easy. I plan to punish you for all the bragging you
did that you could do so many. You set the goal and you failed."
  One of the men yelled, "Way to go Sandra. Let's see if you can make her
scream. She never did at the last party."
  That really alarmed me I turned to Jon and begged, "You won't let her
hurt me badly. You will stop her if she hits too hard won't you?"
  I sobbed at his answer. 
  "You asked for this. I hope she really hurts you so you will remember
that your punishments are to be set by me, not at your whim."
  One of the women yelled, "All right! You have carte blanche Sandra.
Let's see if you can turn her maroon."
  Sandra howled in glee and told them I would be maroon from my armpits
to my thighs."
  I sat there and had to admit to myself that I could have done fourteen
if I had just done them quickly instead of showing off and began to
wonder if I had set myself up for failure just to show my courage.
  By then I was rested so Jon got the padded cuffs and locked them to the
trapese as two men lifted me by holding on to my thighs. Then Jon said "I
have something to keep her accessible."
  He went into the dungeon and brought out a steel pipe about four feet
long with manacles welded to the ends which he attached to my ankles
while the men pulled my legs apart to stretch the muscles in my thighs.
  Someone yelled, "Wow! The lips of her pussy have opened. The whip can
hit right on her clit."
  I began to sob, "No. Please no." as Sandra picked up the whip with an
evil look on her face.
  She stood by my side and said, "Brace Yourself." then hit my ass as
hard as she could. I screamed as this terrible burn went across both
cheeks. The people applauded and yelled encouragement. 
  She hit my ass seven more times just as hard with loud "Snaps" followed
by my screams. Thankfully the nerves became a little dead towards the end
and I just gasped as they hit. She must have realized I was not hurting
so much so she stepped behind me to forehand then backhand my tender
inner thighs to bring back the screams as the pain doubled.
  She moved in front of me and waited for my sobs to subside then said,
  "You are in a lot of pain aren't you?"
  "Oh yes!" I sobbed, My butt and thighs are on fire!"
  "I suppose you want to welsh on your bet and chicken out."
  I was really tempted. No-one had ever hit me that hard and the pain had
been too much to overcome with sexual excitement. I still had sixteen to
go but the smirk on her face from being so sure I would beg to make her
stop would not let me quit.
  "No. I can take it but please don't hit so hard."
  "Good. I wasn't going to let you off anyway. I just wanted to hear you
beg. I'll hit a little easier but they will all be on your front."
  She stepped back and swung the whip acroos my belly-button. It was not
as hard and my muscles were so tight it just bounced off without taking
my breath leaving a burn from side to side.
  She began a pattern of leaving just above then below the last welts to
redden every inch of my stomach as they crept up to my breasts and down
to my crotch.
  I got caught up in the excitement especially when she  did not hit as
hard. The pattern stopped at the first lash on my breasts. The pain
increased as my breasts jumped violently from the whip causing me to
scream. The audience went nuts watching my breasts jump under the lash
which encouraged her to keep hitting them from the sides as well as the
front to keep them jumping and burning. Amazingly in spite of the extra
pain it excited me.
  She moved to my crotch putting them across my my hips at my pussy and
my wide-spread legs allowed the center of the lashes to hit my pussy.
That increased my excitement. I caught her cadence and pushed my hips
forward to meet the lashes. I heard screams of excitement from the
audience when they saw me straining to bring my pussy to the lash. She
stepped directly in front of me and brought two more to my inner thighs
tantalizingly close to my pussy then stopped!
  She faced me with an excited look on her face swinging the whip back
and forth vertically close to my pussy and said, "Are you ready."
  I knew she planned to hit directly on my open pussy drooling with juice
from my excitement. I wanted the pain!
  "Yes! Yes! Do it!"
  She swung the whip like a soft ball pitcher to bring a burn from my
anus and up as a thong hit directly on my clit. I began fantastic orgasms
and pumped forward to meet the lashes until I spaced out and just hung
which made her stop as everyone yelled and applauded.
 That was the last straw for them. They grabbed their partners to have
sex. To my surprise and delight Sandra dropped to her knees to eat my
pussy. Then Jon went behind me to put his dick in my ass while Sandra's
husband got behind her to fuck her from behind.
  It turned into a mass orgy. A lot of them swapped partners. I really
felt proud and loved when one of the men offered to swap and Jon said,
"No thanks. No-one can compare with my girl."
  That started something. At the next party most of the men asked Jon
when they came in if there would be another whipping scene. He just
smiled and said, "I have what I think is a great idea. I'll explain
later."
  We began to drink and even snorted some cocaine. There were ten girls
and we congregated together to talk while the men discussed investments
and told each other dirty jokes. 
  The girls told me they had experimented with spankings and even being
hit with belts all over. Some of them said it excited them and the others
said it just hurt but it was worth it since it made their men so excited
they would do just about anything for them afterward. We were getting
pretty high when Jon tapped his glass with a spoon to get our attention
to announce.
  We are going to have a poker game.  The men are playing for money and
the five winners will give the five winners of your game a thousand
dollar gift certificate at the store of your choice.
  You girls will be playing for clothes. You may start with all the
clothes you want but if you lose them all. You will get five lashes for
each article you lose. Naturally you are more likely to win if you have a
lot of clothes to lose but you also risk a lot of lashes if you lose. If
the prospect scares you I would suggest just wearing a pair of panties so
you will only get five spanks. Joy has an elaborate wardrobe so you can
put on as many things as you want. While you are thinking that over I
will explain the game."
  He went on to explain how to play "Texas Holdem" a poker game played in
Las vegas. He had made a lot of preparation. He put a chart by our table
telling us the value of each hand and gave us ten stacks of different
colored chips. Then he took us into the ballroom to show us five sets of
ropes with padded wrist cuffs and five whips hanging from the cuffs. It
really scared some of the girls and they moaned and shuddered. Then he
said, "Just in case some of the winners are especially cruel the winners
will divide the chips equally so no one will have a large quantity and
none of you will have to take all your punishment from the same girl."
  We will play until the winners have the five thousand for your gifts.
You will play till five of you are naked.
  Now we had to make decisions. We were all too greedy to even consider
his idea of just wearing panties. The least amount anyone wore was shoes,
stockings, panties, bra, and a dress. Sandra and I changed into skirt and
blouses then added a full slip, a half slip and even a scarf. If we lost
we were looking at forty five lashes and I knew that they would be very
hard since girls would be doing it. I had discovered the girls were
meaner than men and being girls knew all the most sensitive places.
  I felt pretty confident. I had played poker with my dad and brother and
had learned when it was useless to bet on a bad hand.
  The men must have bet big because even the unluckiest girls had only
lost their shoes, stockings and dress when the men came over to watch us
play. They would clap and make comments about our bodies when nine girls
at the end of each hand would stand up to take off one or more of their
pieces of clothing.
  It was a good thing I knew how to play poker and put on a lot of
clothes because I was really unlucky and would usually have to throw away
my hand before the betting got wild. Sandra was having the same luck and
we were down to just our panties and bra when I had to throw away my hand
to take off my bra. Then one of the girls bet two chips and two other
girls who had been winning called. Sandra asked if she could bet more
than the clothes she had on and was told she could at five lashes per
chip. She called the two and bet four more. The girls agonized over their
hands since that would leave them naked but called. On the next card she
gave a squeal of delight and bet four more. The other girls threw in
their hands to complete the five losers. She laughed and showed her hand.
She had nothing! I jumped up to give her the high sign proud of the nerve
she had demonstrated. If they had called her she would have received
eighty-five lashes.
  THe girls all reacted differently while we separated out the chips to
see how many we would give them. One girl was crying just from the
anticipation of their coming ordeal, another stood there quietly with a
determined look on her face to be brave, the last three were excited by
the prospect. They were to get from twenty five to forty lashes.
  The men took their girls over to be bound. It was easy to see which
ones were mean because they would lift their girls clear off the floor to
really cause them to stretch while others just lifted their arms above
their heads to leave them flat footed.
  It didn't really matter because Jon tied the ankle of the girl on the
end to the wall with her legs spread then put manacles from her other leg
to the girl next to her until we were looking at the five of them looking
like five "X,s" with their legs spread widely and all hanging by their
arms.
  I asked Jon if we should whip them all at the same time or separately.
"Whip them all at the same time but take your time. We are in no hurry.
Spread the lashes evenly on their butts, thighs, breasts, stomach and
pussies."
  We were only able to comply on the crying girl because the brave girl
half-way through begged us to hit faster to get it over with and the
excited girls began to cry "Faster! Harder!" as they approached orgasm.
Sandra was the only one to hit really hard. Her lashes left welts while
we just turned them red.
  When it was over we were all so excited we could hardly wait for them
to be unbound so we could start another orgy.
  When we were all completely sated Sandra said, "God! I have never been
so thrilled in my whole life. When can we do it again?"
  The girl who had hated it began to cry again and her husband said, "I
don't think we should let you whip again. Look at poor Marie. You caused
terrible welts on her breasts and pussy."
  That was true and Sandra had not spread them as we had. She had put all
the lashes on her tits and pussy.
  Jon said, "I agree. You should make it up to her by going down on her
to match pain with pleasure."
  "Forget that! I am not queer. The thought of sticking my tongue in her
hairy pussy makes me gag."
  Jon turned to her husband and said, "She should have to make it up
somehow. If she doesn't want to go down on her she should let Marie
return the pain by giving her the twenty-five lashes she received."     
  Marie brightened up right away. "Really?! I would love to get even with
her."
  Sandra whined, "That is not fair. I won those lashes fair and square.
It is not my fault she is such a wimp."
  Jon said, "All right. You just won't be invited next time."
  Her husband did not like that! "Bullshit. You were really mean and
deserve to pay for it."
  He grabbed one of her arms and motioned for Jon to take the other so
they could pull her over to the ropes while she pulled back and moaned,
"No. No." over and over.
  While they tied her arms over her head Marie tied her legs way apart.
Then she walked up to look at Sandra's tear soaked face and suddenly
slapped Sandra's pussy with her hand hard enough to make her gasp then
said, "Good. I can get to it."
  Marie's personality changed from her former whininess to pure bitch.
She alternated lashes from hard uppercuts to Sandra's rapidly reddening
pussy to downward and across her tits always hitting the nipples and
giggling in enjoyment at Sandra's screams and moans. 
  I watched in fascination as each lash to her tits caused them to
contort and bob violently then moved closer to see some of the thongs
actually go into her gaping pussy causing high pitched screams. Marie did
not waste one of the twenty five lashes. Each one hit either a nipple or
the lips of her pussy. When she finished Sandra looked like she was
wearing a red bikini because her body was white except for her red and
welted breasts and the vee of her pussy. 
  I became very excited as it seemed I could feel every one of her lashes
to my body. To add to this I found I was pinching my pussy or nipples in
cadence with the whip.
  I think she would have kept it up till she dropped from exhaustion if
Jon had not grabbed the whip out of her hand at the twenty-sixth lash.
  Marie did a strange thing. She went over and kissed Sandra and said
quietly while caressing Sandra's red and bruised pussy, "Poor thing. Does
you pussy hurt?"
  Sandra moaned, "Oh awful! It is on fire."
  Marie said, "Then this won't matter." and before any of us knew what
she was up to she grabbed a handful of Sandra's pussy hair and ripped it
out!
  Sandra screamed really loud while Marie ran laughing to the elevator
with her husband following.
  We really felt sorry for Sandra and let her down to caress salve on her
till she calmed down enough to say. "I'll get even with her."
  That started a war between them. They were anxious to get the games
started at other parties. We played every type of card game and also dice
and board games. The other girls and I dreaded the times they were both
winners because they would compete to see which of them could get the
greatest screams from the victim in front of them. Fortunately most of
the time one of them would be one of the losers and when that happened
the rest of us didn't have to worry about being hurt by them because
whichever one of them lost would get all the lashes by the other.
  The rest of us just hit each other at the right speed and force to
become terrifically excited.
  Finally they were getting cuts and bruises so Marie made peace by
hitting very easy then going down on Sandra till she had several
explosive orgasms. Sandra responded in kind even going down on her which
I knew she hated and from then on we all shared lashes trying to bring on
the most excitement with the pain possible.
  One night I had won but after giving thirty lashes to the girls I felt
a terrible need to feel them myself and said, "You men are being left
out. Please give me thirty lashes."
  To my surprise the other winners agreed with me and also volunteered.
The men loved it. Especially when the losers would suck their dicks while
they whipped the winners.
  From that point on there was no need to play the games. We would just
draw lots to see which of us would be whipped by girls and which by men.
In turn we were allowed to set the number of lashes we needed to get to
whatever point of excitement we wished to reach by just saying, "Mercy,"
when we wanted to switch over to being fucked or sucked.
  We also began using the dungeon so the girls could choose their method
of bondage. Some liked to be stretched by winches on tables or in the
air. Some liked to prove their courage by just holding onto something
without any attempt to avoid the lash.
  I tried them all but found the most satisfaction came from simply
kneeling or standing with my hands behind my head so I could enjoy all
the compliments on my bravery while I watched my tits and pussy being
yanked out of position by the whip or strap in a mirror on the wall I
always faced to see my skin becoming a deep red as the heat and pain
increased.
  All of us girls developed great bodies since it was a natural reflex to
tighten our muscles in anticipation of a lash combined with the tension
applied when we were bound in positions that strained the muscles.
  We were very proud of them and enjoyed going to the beaches to glory in
the admiring stares of the men and boys at the beach.
  This led Jon to suggest we go enmasse to a strip club to enter their
amateur nude dance contest. We girls were all for it but some of the men
objected because it was so sleazy. 
  They finally agreed with the provision we would have to make them proud
of our performance by winning the contest. if we did not win a prize we
would get fifty lashes. This was not really a deterrent since we all had
become to love the excitement of the lash so we all agreed.
  Then we got the bad news. The lashes would be put on ten at a time
slowly spaced with a break between sets and we were to take them unbound
in the position of their choice. There was also a gamble involved. We
would have to pick a card turned face down. If we got an ace the ten
lashes would fall on our pussies, a king would be for breasts, a queen
for our inner thighs and a jack for our butts. If we were really unlucky
all of them could end up hitting an area especially sensitive. We were
all different on this. I hated my inner thighs being hit because it hurt
awful without being directly connected to sex while other girls hated
having their breasts hit. 
  We agreed that this method was really mean since the men had heard us
discuss the fact that the first ten or fifteen hurt a lot but after that
the combination of rising excitement and numbing of the nerves just
brought on orgasms.
  The men that did not like the idea of their girls dancing nude in front
of other men told us to take it or leave it.
  We were all so vain we could not imagine not winning although we knew
there were only three prizes so at least two of us would be getting
punishment.
  They took us to the club with reminders to avoid being lewd and slutty.
  While watching the regular dancers it became obvious we could never win
by being lady-like. The girls that simply danced no matter how
professional they looked got hardly any applause. The girls that got
whistles and applause were the ones that did the splits or spread their
legs to open their pussies and played with themselves.
  We were between a rock and a hard place. If we did not get lewd we
could not win but if we got lewd and still did not win we knew our men
would be extra severe.
  That quandary solved itself. There were hundreds of men at this club
which was much larger than the one I had been in while at Vancouver and
it was so exciting to hear their applause we all would do anything to get
the whistles and stomping feet.
  I think the contest was fixed. Only Sandra won a prize and that was
third. It was obvious most of the girls were professionals and two of
them won in spite of boo's from the audience.
  To make matters worse it was very late when we got home so our
punishments were put off till the next night which gave us a lot of time
to dread our ordeal with the excitement of dancing forgotten.
  Our ordeal seemed to last forever because we did it one at a time
knowing that it would be pure pain with no chance of excitement or
orgasm. If that was not bad enough they decided that since Sandra had won
she would be able to do the whipping. That ruined any chance of our men
taking pity on us and hitting easy.
  We cut cards to see who would be first to last. I got high card so I
was last but that just gave me more time to dread the coming ordeal and
also meant that I would end up as the finale.  I knew Sandra would make
that especially severe. Then we drew a card to determine where we would
be hit. Ace would be pussy, King would be breasts. Queen would be inner
thighs and Jack would be our butt.
  At the last minute Jon said that he expected us to be brave and that if
we moved out of position or tried to cover up the count would go back to
"One". We also had to count our lashes and if we said the wrong number we
also had to go back to one.
  I found out how serious they were about this rule when Marie drew her
card. I thought she was lucky because she drew the jack to get them on
her butt. Sandra just had her bend over and hold on to her ankles. Then
brought the whip across her cheeks. Sandra counted aloud to ten then hit
her again. Marie screamed, "Two" then braced herself for the next as it
came closer and closer listening to Sandra count. On the fifth one Sandra
brought the whip down over Marie's back causing the ends of the whip to
hit the tender area at the bottom of her butt close to her asshole. She
fell forward and Sandra laughed and said, "We are back to square one."
  Marie cried and begged but the men just said she knew the rules so she
had to take fifteen slowly spaced lashes that could only bring pain.
  At the end she was crying and sobbing as she ran to her husband to be
consoled and salve put on her butt.
  The next girl picked the king. In a way she was lucky because Sandra
had very sensitive breasts so did not hit that area so hard. She had her
kneel then put her hands behind her head while Sandra hit directly across
them to make her breasts compress then pop back out reddened for the
next.She also ran crying for consolation when it was over.
  The next girl drew the ace. Sandra threw a the sofa pillows on the
floor to have her sit on them to lift her pussy up from the floor then
had her lie back with her legs pulled up and spread by her hands on her
ankles. She was sobbing before she was even hit knowing how vulnerable
her open pussy was. Sandra stood over her head then brought the whip down
centered on the girl's open gash. She screamed and brought her legs
together. This brought on a discussion as to whether or not that meant
the lash did not count. They finally decided to start over
  Marie thought that was unfair as she could have got back in position
before Sandra counted to ten but had to admit she had made no effort to
get back and in fact Sandra had been forced to pull her legs back open.
  In spite of the delays the girl managed to get excited which was
obvious from the fact the whip became wet from the juices escaping from
the open slit.
  Rather than running for consolation she sat between her husbands legs
to furiously rub her clitoris with her finger while he squeezed her
breasts and pulled on the nipples until she sighed with orgasm.
  Then it was my turn. It was my worst nightmare. I had to stand in front
of her with my legs spread while she hit my inner thighs just below my
pussy. It took all my will power to hold them open for the whole ordeal.
I think Jon finally realized how bad this was when I ran to him crying
because he knew I could normally take a lot of pain.
  I explained that ten hard ones spaced out brought nothing but pain with
no hope of having excitement over-ride the pain and allow an orgasm.
  He talked to the other men and decided that if any of the girls
preferred it they could just draw four cards at once and take the last
forty all at once. If we decided on that we would just do one girl a
night so Sandra would not be worn out. Another concession was that we
could be tied for them so we would not have to worry about starting over.
  We all readily agreed both because we might be able to get to orgasm
that way and also might have put off the ordeal for as long as four days.
  We cut the cards to see who would be first. I won or lost. I was not
sure which at the time. They took all the cards except the aces, kings,
queens, and jacks out of the deck and spread the remainder on the table
for me to pick out four. 
  God! I drew two aces and two queens. All the lashes would fall on my
most sensitive parts and I was sure Sandra would pick a position to make
it easy for her to make them really hurt. 
  Sandra asked me if I wanted to be tied. "Oh yes please! I could never
stand still for all these lashes."
  I thought this would just mean my legs would be tied apart but she
planned something more elaborate. She led me to our dungeon then had me
lie on the floor to tighten leather belts to my upper thighs close to my
pussy. Then she tied ropes to the belts and raised me up until my pussy
was at the level of her shoulders. I was really puzzled because this kept
my legs tightly together leaving no access to my inner thighs or pussy.
  She solved the puzzle when she tied ropes to hooks in the floor and
asked Jon and his friend to pull down on my ankles till I looked like a
letter "T". I was hanging upside down doing the splits with all my weight
on the leather around my thighs and my legs open so wide I was afraid my
hips would dislocate. Unfortunately this position fascinated everyone so
I had to hang there while they marvelled at the way my pussy was gaping
open and although I had only been hanging a few minutes my body was
trembling from the strain.
  Finally I was begging for her to start the whipping so I could be taken
down.
  Oh God! It lasted forever. She would bring the lash back behind her
head then let it crash down on me. the first lash hit my inner thigh just
a few inches from my pussy making a loud "Splat!" and causing a terrible
burn. She counted to ten then brought down another almost touching my
pussy that made me scream. I fought my bonds knowing the next would be on
my pussy and having to dread it while she counted to ten. Then it hit!
The pain was unreal and I screamed then began to blubber waiting for the
next. One of the thongs hit my clitoris. It felt as if it had been hit
with a white hot metal rod. I think I might have passed out but I did not
have that luxury with my head down and my head full of blood. It went on
and on. She never got more than six inches away from my pussy.  Amazingly
the pain got so unbearable it became bearable as the nerves became numb
and my excitement began to overcome the pain. Sandra must have known
because now even the lashes that should have landed on my thighs were put
close enough for the edge thongs to hit the lips and the ones to my pussy
were aimed dead center to my open gash.
  It soon became obvious to everyone that I was in orgasm by the way I
was gasping and pulsating. One of the men yelled,"Jesus! She is getting
off on this! Look! The whip is getting sopping wet from her cum!"
  It was true. When Sandra finally finished and I was let down I was so
exhausted I fell into a deep sleep and did not wake up until the next
morning.
  This time I did not wake up without pain. My thighs and pussy were
badly bruised and ached all day. Actually I was amazed it was not covered
with scabs. I swore I was bleeding while it was going on but the liquid I
had felt running down the crack of my butt must have just been juice from
my pussy.
  None of the other girls were as unlucky as me. at most they got just
ten to their pussies with the rest over other areas. This meant they only
had to be tied standing legs spread so Sandra could get to all the
places.
  Even though my ordeal was awful it was worth it because watching the
other girls get whipped made Jon super horny so he could fuck me at least
twice after each spectacle. As an extra reward for not begging them to
quit or screaming "Mercy." he promised to take me to the Carnival in Rio.
  Rio was great for exhibitionists. There was a huge nude beach and the
girls in the parade were almost all topless with the briefest possible
panties that only hid their slit.
  I had become so proud of my body from the compliments from Jon's
friends it should have been heaven for me. Actually it was disappointing.
I was only one of hundreds of nude girls and received little attention.
After an hour or so I became bored and suggested we do some sight seeing.
  We stopped at a few shops wher Jon bought me some more gold jewelry
then he went into an art gallery. I was not really interested but I
wandered around while he looked at paintings. There was a ton of Christ
on the cross statues but one at the back of the store caught my attention
since unlike all the others it was painted to look lifelike.
  I walked back to it and saw it was not Christ at all. It was a girl
with a great body hanging from her wrists from a cross. She was as tall
as me and had a similar body. There were whipmarks across her entire
front and a few marks on her breasts and crotch were oozing blood. I
looked closer to see her torso was being supported by a peg in the
upright pole about the size of a broomstick. Her pussy lips were all
pooched out from being wrapped around the peg and there was a wrinkle at
the top of her slit indicating the pressure on her pussy. I looked down
to see her legs were being held open by manacles at the end of a pipe and
weights like the cannon balls we had seen were attached to the end of the
pipe. I looked up to see a look of agony on her face and crystal tear
drops glued to her cheeks. It was so lifelike I reached out to touch it
almost expecting it to be soft and warm.
  I stood there fascinanted as I imagined the sting and tingle of her
welts on my body when I was startled by Jon's voice.
  "Oh there you are. Are you ready to go?"
  I said softly, "Oh god. Jon look at this. It is so lifelike and so
exciting."
  "Yeah. It looks real. And it looks like you."
  Then the owner came up to say, "I hope it doesn't offend you. I told
Juan to put it in the back room. The church told me it was blasphhemous
and I should destroy it."
  I said, "No it is beautiful."
  Jon said, "It looks something like my wife. How much do you want for
it?"
  He said two thousand but Jon knew the church was very influential and
proceeded to bargain. I was offended. I wanted it at any price. They
finally agreed on seven hundred and fifty. 
  The owner said, "While I get shipping instructions you may like to see
some other nudes. He opened a door and turned on a light to reveal rows
of nude women. I was not interested in most carved from marble or stone
in conventional poses. I saw some of black women draped over barrels with
lash marks but I could not relate to them and then I found one  by the
same artist and model that looked even more like me. She was posed
kneeling with her knees open and her hands behind her back. There were no
lash marks but she had an expression of fear and excitement on her face I
recognized from seeing myself in the bedroom mirror in that pose.
  Jon came in and took one look then said, "Get into that pose." I wasn't
naked in my shorts and halter but I got into it. 
  The owner said in wonderment, "My God. Your wife could have been the
model. Except this was made years ago."
  Jon immediately asked what he wanted for it. This time he was not able
to bargain the price down much since the pose was suitable to be seen in
public. He bought it anyway then the owner recognizing Jon's interest in
sadism said we might be interested in "Club Diablo" on down the street.
We proceeded on down the street almost missing the club which was only
marked with it's name on a door of a big brick building.
  Jon and I went in and Jon spoke to a man sitting at a desk in Spanish,
I couldn't understand a word. Then Jon took out his billfold and passport
to show to the man. Finally he gave the man a hundred dollars and was
given a card.
  We went back out in the street and Jon said, "They must put on a hell
of a show. I had to prove I was not a cop to join their club. It will
start at nine o'clock."
  I said that I was anxious to see it then he revealed another
requirement. "Women are only allowed in if they are naked and bound. Do
you still want to go?"
  "Oh yes! It sounds much more exciting than the nude beach."
  We had two hours to kill so we went to a nice restaurant for dinner and
drinks but I was too excited to eat very much and mostly just drank wine.
  We went to the club early at about eight thirty to get good seats. Jon
showed his card and we went through a door to be met by two big men who
were obviously bouncers. One of them said something to me in Spanish. I
didn't understand and Jon said, "He wants you to raise your hands above
your head."
  I stretched up my arms and the man pulled my halter up and off me while
the other man pulled off my shorts and panties. Then they pulled my hands
behind me to tie my wrists with a soft rope and finally wrapped rope
around my elbows to pull them tight. It was uncomfortable but the ropes
forced me to push out my breasts to make them look great.
  They opened another door and we were led into a brightly lit
auditorium. We were met with applause and I looked around to see only two
other women naked and bound like me. It was much better than the nude
beach. Now I was again the center of attention as we were led to a small
table with only one chair. The other women made it plain I was to kneel
by Jon's leg.
  A waitress came over dressed only in steel chains. One chain was
wrapped around the base of her breasts to make them hard balls then
padlocked together at her back. Another chain fit tightly around her
waist while a third chain ran between her butt cheeks and into her pussy
slit to make the lips pooch out and hooked to her waist chain. Jon
ordered drinks in spanish.
  When she came back she set down the drinks then handed Jon a whip made
by braiding several leather bootlaces together to make a handle and said
something to him.
  I asked him what she had said and he told me, "The whip is to whip you
in case I become bored waiting for the show."
  The thought made my juices flow. There were hundreds of strange men. It
would be the huge audience I had fantasized about. I said excitedly, "Do
it! Let them all know I am your slave." 
  He had me stand up to face them then went behind me so as not to
obstruct their view. The audience began to applaud and yell. The whip
began coming around to sting one breast and then the other. It was just
exciting with easily bearable pain. He hit them about twenty times then
stopped. I stood there trembling with excitement and breathing hard as
tingles from my boobs seemed to travel down my stomach.
  The men began yelling a short phrase over and over. My voice quavered
as I asked what they were saying. He said, "They want me to hit your
pussy. Nod your head so they know you agree."
  I nodded my head to thunderous applause then he tapped my ankles with
his foot to have me open my legs. The whip began coming up between my
legs to snap against my pussy and drag back for the next lash. By about
the twentieth I had an orgasm so strong I sank to my knees in exhaustion
for even more applause.
  The two other men not to be out done also whipped their girls but it
was anti-climatic after my performance. One girl seemed to be excited by
it like me but the dark haired one cried all through it. Her man even had
to slap her face to get her to open her legs for her pussy whipping.
  Shortly after that the house lights dimmed and the stage lit up.
  In the first act a really pretty girl came out and did a striptease
then put ping pong balls into her pussy which somehow she was able to
shoot out at the audience. I thought it was amazing but the audience had
been jaded by our whipping and booed her off the stage. I felt sorry for
her as in a regular club it would have been applauded.
  The stage lights dimmed then an announcer appeared in a spotlight. He
jabbered away in spanish. Jon looked amazed and I asked him what was
said.
  "Wow. This club must have some real political clout. The girls being
brought out are convicts at the local prison. They are having a whipping
contest. The winner will be pardoned while the loser will be sent back to
jail.It will go on until one of them is unconscious."
  Two naked girls were brought out with a six foot chain going from one
girls right ankle to the other girls left. The center of the chain was
padlocked to a ring in the floor then they were given tightly braided
whips that tapered to a point.
  The girls circled around warily until the audience began booing and
stomping their feet. One girl swung her whip and it was obvious how bad
the whips were when the tip cut across the girls stomach to bring blood.
The other girl struck back and from then on they didn't try to aim they
just hit as hard and fast as they could to leave cuts on their breasts,
crotches and even their faces. It was brutal. When one of the girls fell
to the floor unconscious from the terrible pain the other kept hitting
her on her pussy until the men grabbed her whip and held up her hand as
winner to thunderous applause. Both girls were bleeding from several cuts
that would leave terrible scars. The lights dimmed as they were carried
off stage.
  The announcer came back out and started talking. Jon told me that we
were to see the initiation of a virgin.
  The stage lights brightened then two naked men with huge dicks began
dragging out a nude crying girl. She was just a baby! Not over eight
years old since she just had budding breasts and only wispy hair on her
pussy. She was forced to her knees then one of the men said something to
her. She shook her head cryng louder. The one who had talked to her
grabbed her arms to hold her and then the other man began hitting her ass
with a riding quirt. He stopped long enough for the man to say something
to the girl who just nodded her head as she cried.
  Then she startted licking and sucking on his dick until it was not
going to get sny harder. She was turned to do the same thing to the other
man.
  The first man lifted her off her feet to hug her to his chest while the
other man spread her pussy and directed the head into it. The man holding
her let her slide down his chest to force in his dick. I was amazed it
could fit. She screamed horribly as it slid in then sobbed as he lifted
her ass to make her go up and down on it. But that was not the worst. The
other man went behind her to drive his dick into her tiny anus to bring
even louder screams and struggles that only helped him bury his dick.
  They contiinued to lift her up and down as she emitted pitiful cries
until they finally came then they let her slide down to pull their
softened dicks from her holes.
  She looked dazed. Both their dicks were bloody and they made her
further humiliate herself by licking her blood off their pricks.
  I thought it was terrible they could do that to the poor little girl
and was shocked to find it had excited Jon so much he insisted I suck his
dick. That was really humiliating as the men around us gathered around to
watch and make comments. They must have been complimenting Jon as I heard
him say, "Gracias" one of the few words I understood.
  There was a delay as we heard something being dragged out behind the
curtain. Then the announcer started talking. Jon said, "This is the
finale. A girl has volunteered to get out of debtors prison by accepting
a whipping that will pay off her debt. She has agreed to a hundred
lashes."
  Two men wearing black pants and black hoods over their heads walked out
holding the arms of a fully clothed girl. My clit twinged. They looked
just like the executioners in a history book photo of the Spanish
Inquisition with their hairy muscled bare chests. The photo had triggered
fantasies of myself as a christian martyr.
  I had to give her credit. She was staring out at the audience with a
defiant look on her face. The defiance disappeared though after she was
hung by the ceiling from her wrists and a pipe put between her legs to
hold her legs open. Then one of the men began cutting off her clothes
with a knife slowly to provide a strip tease until she was entirely naked
to show her nice body.
  Even that was not naked enough for them. She gasped and squealed as he
pinched her pubic hair between thumb and fingers to rip them out. It
jerked her pussy lips out and open until only a few were left then gave
her red pussy a sharp spank to leave no doubt it would be punished.
  They turned her back to us and a man brought them the same two whips
the girls had used so I knew there would be cuts.
  They started just below her shoulders and the pain was constant because
as one brought back his whip the other would hit. I couldn't believe how
bloodthirsty the crowd was. As she let out blood curdling screams they
began yelling the count. Bloody stripes began moving down her back as her
screams became hoarse. I don't think she felt the last two across her
upper thighs since her head dropped in an apparent faint.
  They let her down to lie on the floor then the announcer said
something. Jon told me he apologised for the girl's lack of courage and
that they would make sure she would not faint again by hanging her upside
down and reviving her with cold salt water to sterilize her wounds.
  They attached the rope to the pipe and lifted her to tie her wrists to
rings in the floor. Then they doused her back with salt water. It must
have burned her welts terribly as she came to screaming hoarsely.
  They started on her thighs then put one on each side of her open slit
before moving on down her stomach to her breasts. The announcer was
right. She couldn't faint with all the blood in her head. When the whips
cut her nipples she could only shake her head and moan. They started back
up and now welts crossed welts to make bloody x's until they finished
with four all to her pussy.
  At that point the curtains closed and the audience rose to give a
standing ovation. I just knelt there stunned. I could hardly believe they
could enjoy watching such carnage, Worst of all Jon was applauding as
hard as he could and whistling in approval.
  He started to leave but I said, "Wait. I feel weak."
  He said, "Oh did that give you orgasms?"
  "No! It terrified me! How could you enjoy watching what they did to
her?"
  "Ah come on. She asked for it."
  "They must have tricked her. She couldn't have known how bad it would
be."
  "Maybe not but she still agreed to it. It is her fault if she didn't
ask what they would do."
  "I wouldn't have asked. It would never occur to me they could be so
mean. She must have been desparate to get out of jail."
  "Maybe. I understand the jails here are pretty bad. Oh look. That is a
nice touch."
  He pointed out the man and girl with black hair. She was leaving on her
hands and knees while her man led her with a leash attached to a dog
collar. It seemed to be the ultimate humiliation to be recduced to
nothing more than a pet dog totally reliant on it's master. It suddenly
occurred to me that I had described myself. I was nothing without Jon. I
had no assets and no way I could earn enough money to enjoy the life
style he provided. I knew I would let him lead me down main street
totally naked if he wanted to rather than leave him.
  The crowd had thinned so he helped me up to lead me to the exit. I was
given my clothes and hurriedly put them on to feel more secure. 
  To my horror he asked the man at the door when the next show would be
and was disappointed when told in a week since we had to return home and
he would miss it.
  We got on the plane the next day. I was frightened that the show might
encourage him to be meaner and was really relieved when I did a dumb
thing in tracking mud onto our white rug and he was satisfied by simply
spanking my butt with a quirt.
  No further mention was made of the show but I knew he had not forgotten
it when he came home with a diamond studded collar and leash. he got a
big kick out of leading me around then teaching me to "Heel" sit up and
beg, and play dead. Playinf dead was the hard part. I had to lie on my
side and not move or cry out while he spanked my butt or breasts lightly
with a small wooden dowel.
  About two weeks after we got back the statues arrived. He had the
workmen uncrate the kneeling one by our pool and the crucified girl in a
corner of the torture chamber. The men embarrassed me by looking at our
torture devices then leering at me to let me know they knew I was the
subject of torture.
  I loved the crucified girl and spent hours fondling her body and welts
while I imagined myself in her place.  
  One day he found me staring at it and said, "The statue really
fascinates you doesn't it?"
  I said, "Oh yes. She was so brave. I think she must have been tortured
to reveal some secret. Maybe the location of her spy lover."
  "You always like to romanticize things. She is probably just a figment
of the artist's imagination."
  "Oh no. A model could never get that expression on her face or the
exhausted look. She was whipped alright. I wonder how it must have felt."
He made no comment but a few days later some men arrived with a replica
of the cross he had placed in the opposite corner.
  As soon as they left I begged him to put me on it.
  He had me stand on a chair to put on the wrist cuffs and let me bend my
legs slowly until my pussy was resting on the peg. He removed the chair
and said I was beautiful and looked just like the statue. I found I could
lift myself by my arms to apply just the right amount of pressure on my
clitoris to rock my hips and work toward orgasm. I couldn't quite get
there and begged him to whip me. He just used the thong whip but that was
enough to bring me to full orgasm and let me release my arms to let my
whole weight rest on my clit and press it against my pubic bone.
  He ran to get our polaroid and took pictures before letting me down. 
  He exclaimed, "This is fantastic. Look! She looks just like you. I
wonder if she is a long dead relative."
  He was right in some ways. We both wore the satiated expression from
the ultimate orgasm and had relaxed our arms to let all our weight rest
on the peg but I was only red while she had skinny dark red welts with
some oozing blood.
  I said hesitantly, We don't look exactly alike. I am just red while she
has skinny welts that must have hurt more. 
  "Yeah. He must have used the same kind of whip the girls used in the
show. That would be too much for you."
  I realized later he was just trying to be kind but I took it as an
affront to my courage.
  I said defiantly, "No it wouldn't. At least not if I was excited enough
from the peg and the lighter ones first." 
  He stared at the statue and I saw a lump rising in his pant but then he
surprised me by saying, "No way. Our whips are too thick to cut you. You
would just get terrible bruises."
  "Maybe we could shop for a skinny whip."
  "There is no "We" I am not going to be blamed for scarring you. If you
want that you are on your own."
  He evidentally did not think of his initials on my pussy as scars. I
said, "Only the ones that cut would scar and there are only four of them.
One on her breasts, one below the belly button, and two across her pussy.
No-one could see them when I have clothes."
  "You are really serious about this aren't you."
  "Oh yes. I could imagine I am protecting you from evil spies."
  "Well I am not going to get a whip that will cut you."
  He revealed his hypocracy though by giving me his gold card and saying,
"Here go shopping. It will take your mind off it."
  We both knew I would be shopping for the whip.
  Since I would be shopping in sex shops I thought it would be
appropriate to look like a hooker. I put on a thin spandex micro dress
that hugged my boobs and made the nipples show and showed off my tiny
waist and round bottom.  At the last moment I decided to leave off my
panties even though all I had were g-string types that barely hid my
slit.
  I called a taxi and had him take me to the sleazy part of town that had
all the sex shops. I was surprised we didn't have a wreck since the
driver watched me in the rear view mirror as chuckholes made my boobs
shudder.
  The first shop just had sexy costumes, sex tapes, and an assortment of
dildos and vibrators. I wasn't interested in them so moved on.
  The second shop was more of the same but it had a man clerk and we were
alone so I got a kick out of bending over to look at tapes on lower racks
to let him see the bottom curve of my butt and maybe my pussy. I walked
over to him letting my heels hit hard to jiggle my boobs to enjoy his
wide eyes. I was beginning to think all the shops were the same and said,
"Don't you have any S & M stuff. You know. Like whips and things."
  He looked at me suspiciously and said, "Are you a vice cop? That stuff
is illegal in Seattle."
  "Oh no. Here is my purse. You can check my I.D."
  He looked through it. Then said, "This doesn't mean anything. Cops have
their badges and I.D. in a separate case they can hide. Can I pat you
down to look for it?"
  That was ridiculous. In my costume I couldn't hide anything but the
idea of this strange handsome man feeling me appealed to me.
  I said, "Okay. If you have to."
  He came around the counter and ran his hands down my back and over my
butt cheeks  then came around to my front and lifted my right boob to
feel under it and then did the same to my left one. It seemed extra
exciting since someone could walk into the store at any time to see us.
  Since I did not object he became bolder and ran his hands up my inner
thighs until his thumbs pressed against my pussy. I made a little gasp
then he pulled up my skirt with one hand and cupped my pussy with the
other to drive in his middle finger as if I could hide a folder inside my
vagina. Then he pulled back his hand to look at my pussy. He must have
seen the initials because he said, "You reallly are into S & M."
  He left me standing there trembling  while he went to the door to lock
it and put up a closed sign.
  Then he came back and said "I have your things in the back room. I have
to be careful. Vice would confiscate everything plus fine me."
  He led me over to a door and into a huge backroom. The walls were full
of things. Cuffs with chains, all kinds of clamps to be put on nipples or
pussy, winches to stretch someone, and on the back wall a large
collection of whips, straps of leather and rubber and paddles.
  I was overwhelmed and began imagining them all hitting me. Then I saw
the ideal one. It was about four feet long and just one skinny strand of
leather. He picked out a thong whip and seemed impressed when I shakily
said, "I have one of those. I want that one."
  He picked up the whip I pointed out and said, "I don't think you want
this one. It is just spring wire wrapped in thin leather. It can cut you
if used too hard and hurts bad even easy."
  "I still think I want it."
  "Well okay but it costs a hundred dollars and we don't take returns. I
have others that are almost as mean."
  "Well maybe you should try it out on me."
  "You mean I should hit you with it?"
  "Yes but just easy."
  "Okay. Do you want to bend over or what?"
  His eyes bugged when I unzipped the dress and pulled it over my head. I
stood sideways to him and said, Give me an easy one on my butt."
 He did hit easy but it really stung. I gasped but I knew no-one else
would hit that easy and I said, "Another. Just a little harder."
  That stung more than anything I had ever felt. I turned to face him
with tears in my eyes and rubbed my butt cheeks frantically to spread the
sting and tingle.
  He must have thought I was through because he started to hang up the
whip. I said, "No. Wait. Try one across my tummy. Right here just like
the last one."
  I ran my finger across my tummy between my belly button and slit just
like the one on my statue.
  He had me turn sideways to him and told me to put my hands on my head.
  He placed it perfectly the sting was fierce but then tingles seemed to
run all through my body. I shuddered and moaned, "Now one across my
breasts."
  He brought it across to hit both nipples! 
  The sting was horrendous and I made a little scream but then the
tingles seemed to race through my body to converge on my clit.
  I rubbed my boobs and tummy as I said, "Oh God that stings! But it is
making tingles race through my whole body."
  I looked into a little mirror on the wall to see a red line about the
width of a pencil acroos my boobs. I looked down to see one like it on my
tummy.
  "Oh God. My husband will shit when he sees these. He will know I let
someone hit me."
  "No I can get rid of them. Come back here"
  He evidentally lived in the store. The room had a bed, stove and
refrigerator with a small bathroom. He went into the bathroom and brought
out a bottle. He had me lie on the bed then began massaging my butt welts
with some oil out of the bottle. It felt wonderful. He had me turn over
and started working on the welt across my boobs. It seemed to increase
the tingle and I became excited. When he startted on the welt on my tummy
he used his left hand to keep caressing my tits. Suddenly he said, "Does
this excite you as much as it does me?"
  "Oh yes! Fuck me!"
  I was relieved when he put on a condom. My main fear was bringing AIDS
home to Jon.
  Either he naturally could last a long time or the reduced sensitivity
of the condom helped. He fucked me both missionary a doggy style which
gave me a great orgasm. We laid there covered with our sweat when he got
up to get a hand mirror to show me the welts had already sunk and were
now just pink. He said in an hour no-one will know you have been whipped.
This is great stuff. Would you like some?"
  "No. Normally I like to keep welts as long as I can to remind me of the
thrill that caused them."
  "God your husband is a lucky man. If you ever decide to leave him, come
here."
  "Speaking of him. I should get back. may I take a shower?"
  "Sure. Should I join you?"
  "No. We would just want to make love again and I don't have time. Just
take my credit card from my purse and add up my bill."
  He offered to give me the whip but I told him I could not explain how I
got it free so he charged me his cost at fifty dollars.
  The hot water in the shower turned the rest of my body as pink as the
welts so I knew I would be fine.
  Jon was not home when I got there so I stripped to make sure all traces
of my whipping were gone. I was relieved to see they were so I just put
on a filmy negligee Jon liked to wait for him.
  It turned out I had a lot of time to heal. He called to say he was
meeting our friends at a restaraunt and to dress and meet them in the
bar.
  When I got there he asked how my shopping had gone. I whispered in his
ear that I had found the perfect whip. He smiled and said to the
group."You guys should come over Saturday night. Some art work I bought
in Rio has arrived. I think you will like it."
  They quickly agreed and I guessed correctly that Jon would let them see
me whipped.
   When we got home I showed him the whip explaining it was actually wire
with a thin coating of leather and that the clerk said it was really
nasty and would cut. Then I said, "Only you can whip me. The other men or
girls may hit so hard all the welts will bleed. I could never forgive
them."
  "Well then I guess I should practise to see how hard I should hit."
  " I think I may need a few drinks to get up my courage."
  He made them strong and after a few I said, "I guess I am ready. Are
you going to put me on the cross?"
  "No. This is just practise. I think we should save the cross for the
real thing."
  "You want to do it in front of your friends, don't you?"
  "Yes it will make me very proud to have you offer yourself. Do you
mind?"
  "No. I guess not. It may help me imagine I am being a martyr."
  I took off my clothes and he put on my wrist cuffs to stretch me.
  He said, "Should I practise on your butt?"
  "No. She is only cut on her front. Start easy and then harder until you
think the next hardest will cut."
  He told me to tighten my stomach muscles as that is what he would hit.
  His first one was almost as bad as the whip man's last. I gasped in
pain and he paused which helped as the sting started travelling to
replace pain with excitement. I moaned, "Do them slow. To let me absorb
them."
  The next two brought screams as the incredible pain enveloped my body.
After the next two even harder I screamed "Stop. You are killing me!"
  He said, That's enough. I am sure any harder will cut."
  I was sobbing as he let me down then I asked him to caress the welts
with our massage oil.
  He did it for a long time and the pain receded to be followed only by
tingles and throbbing.
  I realized I had only received five lashes and asked him to count the
ones on the statue hoping there were less than I rembered.
  He came back to say, "There are ten plus the four that bled."
  "Oh God. I don't know if I can stand that many."
  He said, "Do you still have a lot of pain?"
  "No. I just tingle and throb now."
  "Then the pain only lasted a few minutes but if you don't want to do it
I will understand. We can just use the thong whip."
  "Let me think about it."
  The next morning there was no pain at all although there were four
skinny purple welts. I began to think I had exaggerated the pain and was
being cowardly. I went to the statue to see her welts were skinny like
mine only red and I was sure hers would turn purple like mine by the next
day. It was obvious she was still conscious and I thought it couldn't be
terrible as she would have fainted.
  When Jon returned I showed him my welts. He was concerned but also said
he was proud of me for not stopping him sooner.
  I said, "It may sound silly but I think I could do it if I could
imagine I was a martyr. Could you get some black pants and a hood and
maybe cut off my clothes while I am being held like in the show?"
  He must have been afraid I would not do it because he smiled and said,
"Of course. We can do better than that. We will put off the party for a
week so everyone can get costumes. It could be during the French
inquisition and you could be accused of being  a heretic in league with
the devil. I'll do some research on it and order costumes."
  He really got into it deciding to make it into a play. He even wrote a
script.
  On the day of the party he gave me my costume saying, "There is only a
hundred dollar deposit on it so we don't have to feel bad about
destroying it. It was an elaborate gown low cut and included pantaloons a
slip from waist down another slip at the top and a corset to push up my
breasts to show all but the nipples above the top and to squeeze in my
waist. I was glad. The time it would take to cut off all these clothes
would give me time to work up excitement.
  Then he showed me the script. My lines were simple. I only had to say
that I was not a heretic and they could not make me admit it.
  He said that first I would be held by men dressed like him bare chested
with black pants in front of the Grand inquisitor who would threaten me
with torture if I didn't confess then there would be some minor torture
until finally I was put on the cross for my whipping.
  I asked him about the minor torture but he said that would be a
surprize and that it would just help excite me for the cross.
  He said no-one knew about our plan except Bill who would be the Grand
Inquiitor since he had to learn his lines.
  They started to arrive about eight and Jon and I served drinks keeping
them in the bar area. When the last arrived he led them to the pool to
show them the kneeling girl. 
  Marie said, "That is great. She looks alive!"
  Her husband put his crotch to the back of her head and said, "She is in
the perfect position to lick my nuts while I whip her front."
  Marie giggled and said, You would like that wouldn't you?"
  "God Yes!"
  "Oh alright. I guess it is my turn to provide entertainment. Help me
out of this dumb costume."
  They soon had her out of it and she breathed a sigh of relief when he
unlaced her corset saying, "Thank God I can breathe again."
  John got them the thong whip while her husband stripped then he stood
behind her. She held on to his legs then leaned her head back to begin
licking his balls. He started just hitting her stomavch but then began
hitting her breast to redden them and make them bounce then finally
brought it down on her pussy. After three or four she turned around to
put his dick in her mouth. If she thought that would stop the whipping
she was wrong. He began bringing the whip down the crack of her butt to
let the ends hit her pussy. They weren't hard and she just shuddered and
spread her legs more then used one hand to dig at her clitoris until he
came and stopped whipping. She just rolled over on her side panting in
climax.
  That was good as it helped excite me for my ordeal. She stayed naked
for awhile but since all of us were dressed she asked for help in getting
dressed again. Her husband delighted in pressing his knee against her
back to tighten the corset strings until her waist was tiny.
  When she was dressed Jon said," We have more to show you."
  He led them to the torture room and when Sandra saw the girl on the
cross she said, "My God! She looks so real." then she took a closer look
and said, "Jesus, Joy. She looks just like you. Did you pose for it?"
  Jon laughed and said, "No. This is hundreds of years old. I think it
was based on the inquisition. There is another surprize. Joy wants to
look exactly like her. Look at the other cross. Joy will be put on it."
Sandra said, "Really! She has been cut by a whip. Would you go that far?"
  Jon said, "That is the third surprise. She won't have a choice. She has
come up with a little play. That is why you are dressed like that. It is
set during the inquisition. Joy will be accused of being a heretic and
will accept torture rather than confess."
  Sandra said, "Oh God I had a fantasy about that after seeing a movie
about the inquisition."
  Jon said, "Yes. Joy thinks the fantasy will help her reach the goal of
looking just like the statue."
  We had another drink while Jon explained "Only Joy, Bill and I have
lines. The rest of you can wing it. I would suggest lines like Make her
confess, or torture the heretic or simply More or Harder."
  Jon and Bill moved his desk out to the end of the room then Jon, Bob,
and Joe took off their shirts and put on black hoods. Just seeing them
dressed that way increased my excitement.
  Then Bob and Joe held my arms to lead me in front of the desk.
  Bill said, "We have evidence that you are a heretic. Will you confess
for a merciful death and a chance for redemption or persist in your lie
of being innocent." 
I really got into my role. I felt it was all real as I protested, "I am
not a heretic. I am innocent."
"Very well. You will regret your lie. Strip her. We will look for the
devils mark."
  Jon began cutting off my clothes. A combination of fear and excitement
rose as each article was cut away to be thrown to the side. Finally I was
naked and in character struggled against my captors.
  Then Jon said, "How will we find the Devils mark Sire."
  Bill took out a box of long pins and said, "The devil's Mark is numb.
Stick her with these. If she doesn't flinch you will have found it. It is
usually near private parts that are hidden from the public."
  Jon passed out the pins to everyone. All of them took two or more. Then
they began sticking them into me far enough to stay I squealed and
struggled as each went in. All of them were stuck into my butt, breasts,
or pussy while I struggled. Surprisingly except for the ones stuck in my
nipples and the really terrible one Sandra stuck in my clitoris it didn't
hurt that much and my excitement continued to rise. They finally ran out
of pins. I looked down to see my breasts and pussy looking like a
pincushion as I moaned and struggled.
  Bill said, "The devil has hid his mark well. We must proceed to the
next step. Remove the pins."
  My audience began to go into character grumbling "Make the bitch
confess." and "No torture is too much."
  It became frightenly real. I whimpered trying to think of a way to
prove my innocense forgetting that this was only a play.
  I was dragged into the torture room  and put face up on the rack then
cuffs were put on my wrists and ankles. I heard a clanking noise as
winches at my head and feet began tightening my body. I swear my joints
were almost to dislocate when they stopped. I looked up at the mirror to
see my waist had lengthened and my tummy shrunk almost to my backbone as
all my ribs showed beneath my tight skin.
  Then The Grand Inquisitor, I no longer thought of him as Bill, said,
"Now will you confess?"
  I moaned," How can I? I am innocent!"
  Bob Joe and Jon all began hitting me at once on my breasts, stomach and
pussy. Fantastically seeing them hit in the mirror made me excited in
spite of the fact they had never stung that much. I was so in character I
thought God had intervened to make my torture bearable as the audience
yelled "Harder!" "Faster!" I was almost to orgasm when the Grand
Inquisitor said, "Enough! We will go to the final test. If she is
innocent God will allow her to bear it. If she faints she will be burned
at the stake."
  I truly believed that and was determined to stay conscious no matter
how bad it was.
  They released me from the rack and Jon held me up against the cross by
hugging my butt to press my pussy into his chest while Bob and Joe
fastened my wrists. Then I was let down on the peg. Jon pulled out my
pussy lips to make them pooch out around it. Then Bob and Joe tied my
ankles to the ends of a bar bell to spread them.
  They stepped back and all watched in awed silence as I swivelled my
hips to rub my clit on the peg until I was near orgasm.
  Then Jon rubbed the skinny whip against my breast and said, "This will
make you confess or prove your innocense."
  I whimpered, "Do it. I am innocent!"
  The first one hurt so much it took my breath away and I could only
gasp. But then the others did not seem as bad and I just moaned as I
continued to swivel my hips on the peg to let excitement make me ignore
the pain. Then there was a terrible one below my belly button that made
me scream in pain and orgasm. Then quickly I felt the terrible pain
across my breasts and then two close together at my pussy. Thankfully the
peg protected my clit.
  I just hung there limply moving my hips slowly to continue orgasms as
my audience stared silently. Then someone yelled, "She is innocent!
Release her!"
  My ankles were loosened then Jon buried his face in my pussy as he
lifted up on my butt for Bob and Joe to release my wrists. His tongue
replaced the peg to bring on yet more orgasms. When my arms were free I
grabbed the back of his head to pull him into me until his teeth were
pushing against me.
  He carried me out to the living room and Bob and Joe helped me down to
lie on my back. I laid there panting as aftershocks shuddered my body
then moaned, "Jon. Get the camera. I want to be able to see it."
  Someone held a glass to my lips. I drank thirstily then slid into
sleep.
  I woke up later. I was still stinging on my breasts, stomach and pussy.
There was a blanket on me. I felt my body to find I was oily with ridges.
When I touched my breast the sting increased evidentally frrom the salt
on my hands. I threw off the blanket to see purple welts across my front
and a little blood still oozing from my tits and pussy.
  I heard Sandra yell, "She is awake!"
  She came over to me and gushed, "God. Girl. You were awesome! You never
asked Jon to stop! Even when the lash brought blood. You have to be the
bravest person alive!"
  It suddenly dawned on me that the experience had not been real. It was
not that I was brave. I had truly believed I had to take the lashes to
prove my innocense.
  I did not admit that. I just basked in glory as they all came over to
rave about me and give me drinks.  John said, "Everyone give my bride to
be a kiss!"
  I was kissed all over. My lips, my nipples and even my pussy as people
said I deserved all the love in the world. All I could think of was the
fact that it was all worth it because it had convinced Jon I was worthy
to be his wife.
  We are married now. I must have totally proven myself because I have
only been whipped enough to give me orgasms since my ordeal. Jon love me
so much he will do anything I want and all his friends think I am a hero.
  Life is good.  
                                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





