BDSM Library - Kathy




Kathy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl falls in love with hunk but other girls also want him so she must prove that none loves him as much as her.
Kathy
by Allene

bobby kathy june jim

  It all started so innocently.
  The date I had been waiting for almost three years had finally arrived.
July 15,1987. This was my fifteenth birthday and now my strict parents
would finally let me date boys at night.
  Of course I had kind of sorta dated but it was not the same as they
were just daytime dates and walking or on bicycles. Except for last
month, that is. Bobby, who I had a crush on for the last year became
sixteen years old and got his drivers license. Since his parents were
rich they had bought him his dream car, a Mustang convertible.
  He was really disappointed I could not stay out with him the night he
got it. He really hurt me when he told me that it was alright since he
probably shouldn't be going out with such a young, inexperienced girl
anyway.
  He started going out with other girls. When I asked him if he didn't
like me anymore he said, 
  " Sure I still like you. You are pretty and have a great body. When you
grow up we can date again."
  I told him I would be able to go out at night after my fifteenth
birthday, and that I was as grown up as any of his friends. I could not
help it because my parents were strict.
  I asked him to come to my birthday party, hoping he would come even
though it would not be like the parties he was used to with beer and rock
and roll.
  Finally, three days before my party, he stopped me in the hall to ask
what time he should come to my party.  
  I was overjoyed that  he was still interested in me and did my best to
look my best for him. I was extra excited since he said we would go to a
movie after the party.
  I could tell he was bored at my party. He put up a good front and was
very pleasant to my folks. I was glad to see they liked him and my Dad
was impressed when he found out who his parents were. Everyone knew them
since they were rich and his father was president of the city council,
the Elks Club, and the country club. Dad was especially happy when Bobby
told him he could be his guest at the country club the next Sunday since
Dad could only afford to play at the public golf course.
  When I opened my presents I found Bobby had given me a pretty gold
bracelet with my birthstone on it. The real surprise came from my Mother.
I had been begging her for a year to buy a miniskirt I had found at
Nordstroms. It was made of thin, soft, white leather and really showed
off my butt and legs I was so proud of from years of aerobics to get rid
of my baby fat.
  She had always rejected it as being too sexy for a girl my age.
  Her packages contained the mini-skirt and a matching blouse of some
sort of silky material. I thanked her profusely and said I couldn't wait
to try them on. She told me she was sure they would fit but was a little
concerned about the blouse as it seemed a little bit too low cut for a
kid. She didn't have much choice as it was the only blouse she could find
in the exact color.
  I rushed upstairs to try them on. I put the skirt on first and it felt
very sensual as it seemed to caress my legs as I walked around. The only
disadvantage was that all my panties left panty lines and I did not have
any panty-hose. I finally decided to wear it without panties till I could
get panty-hose.
  When I tried on the blouse I was amazed my Mother would buy it. It was
cut to show my breasts almost to the nipples. All my bra's showed. I
finally solved the problem by cutting the straps off one of my bra's and
trimming the cups with a pinking shears.
  When I came down my Dad gave me a wolf-whistle and said,
  " My God my little girl has become a woman. I had no idea!"
  Bobby agreed, " Yes Kathy, You are the prettiest girl I have ever
seen!"
  My Mom was not so happy. " The blouse is too low cut, but I can fix
that."
  She took off her brooch and used it to pin the blouse together till
only the very top of my cleavage showed. I could tell Bobby was
disappointed but he was smart enough not to say anything except,
  " I guess we had better go if we are going to get to the movie on time.
I don't want to go over the speed limit."
  " Good for you, son." My Dad replied, " I am glad to see you are a
responsible person. Try to get her home by midnight."
  Again I was surprised, they had always talked about a 10:00 PM curfew
and my Mom did not protest!
  We were barely out of the driveway when Bobby said, " First of all get
rid of the damn brooch. Your breasts are beautiful  and should not be
hidden."
  I blushed, but I was really happy he liked them. I had not thought that
much about them as my main concern was to get my butt and legs nice and
firm. I grinned as I thought how pleased he would be if he knew the
straps had been cut off the bra and they were standing up proudly with no
support.
  When we got to the movie we saw there was a line clear around the
block. Bobby said, " Shit. I am not going to stand in line for an hour
just to be told that they are filled up. Let's go to my place. I have
video tapes of our favorite songs from MTV. We can watch that instead."
  I agreed as I loved music and I also wanted to see his house.
  His place was a beautiful english tudor on top of a hill in the center
of thirty acres used to keep his Dad's racehorses.
  As soon as we got in the house he said, " Well since you finally grew
up I guess you can have a drink. You like orange Juice. I'll make us some
Harvey Wallbangers."
  I had no idea what he was talking about. I had never even heard of a
Harvey Wallbanger let alone drink one.
  I did not want to blow my image as a grown-up. 
  " Yeah, That sounds good. Where are your folks? Won't they get mad?"
  " Well, I can't ask them. They are in Seattle for Mom's shopping fix.
She will shop till she drops. They will probably be back Sunday." 
  It turned out the tape only lasted a half-hour. By that time I had
drunk three drinks. They must have been pretty strong as I felt a little
giddy and ready for most anything.
  " I think it must be about time for your birthday spanking. How long
has it been since you had one?"
  " Oh God. Not since I was seven or eight years old. It may sound silly
but I kind of missed them. For some reason it made me feel real close to
my parents when I was lying over their knees and getting my heinie
slapped."
  " We can make up for that. Come on over here and get over my knee."
  The idea appealed to me for many reasons. He wanted to do it and I
wanted to please him. I remembered the good feeling I got from being
spanked. I thought this might be something the other girls he knew might
object to. Finally, I wanted him to know how firm and round my bottom
was. Nothing else would show this as well.
  " You won't hurt me very much will you?"
  " It is going to sting and your cute bottom may get red but I won't
bruise you. If it hurts too much let me know and I will quit and take you
home."
  " I definitely did not want to go home till I had to. Without a word I
placed myself across his legs shaking slightly from the excitement. He
was sitting in the middle of a large couch. As soon as I laid across his
lap it became obvious he was as excited as me as I felt the hard lump of
his erection. I squirmed around until I could feel that lump pressing
against my pussy. 
  He did not start spanking right away.
  " Since it has been so long since you have had a spanking a little
massage may help to get your cute bottom ready."
  He began to knead and pull on the cheeks of my butt. The leather skirt
on my bare-ass felt as if he was making direct contact. When he pulled my
cheeks toward my head my pussy lips would slide against his hard-on until
I was so excited I was ready to beg him not to stop.
  " Are you ready for your spanking now?"
  " Oh yes. Please!"
  I pushed my pussy into his hard-on and stretched my arms out in front
of my head to let him know I would not try to protect my butt. This also
pulled my tits out of the cut down bra and opened my blouse to let me
feel my nipples rubbing on the rough material of the couch which added to
all the sensations travelling through my body.
  The first spank was at the base of my butt. It was not easy! The
leather skirt seemed to give little protection and I felt a sharp sting
and then heat to my right cheek followed rapidly by sting and heat to the
left one. All the sexy parts of my body were involved as my pussy moved
against that wonderful lump in his crotch and my nipples dragged against
the couch as I pumped my body to meet the spanks.
  Suddenly just as I was really getting into it he stopped!
  " Happy Birthday baby."
  I realized he must have given me the fifteen spanks but I did not want
him to stop.
  My voice shuddered as I said, " You missed out on my last birthday. Do
you want to make up for it?"
  " I must be doing this wrong. You aren't supposed to like it. It must
be this thick skirt."
  " I think you are right. You said it would sting."
  I was lying. It was stinging and hot but I wanted more sting and more
heat.
  The skirt had a zipper at the back that ran all the way to the hem. He
unzipped it and it fell away from my butt cheeks. I blushed but then
forgot my embarrassment as his wonderful hands now began massaging my
bare cheeks. Ifelt a tug on the skirt and lifted up for him to pull it
out and drop it on the floor so I could have my pussy closer to his
crotch. 
  He went backto massaging my bare buns as I moaned and sighed with
pleasure. Then he said,
  " You are kind of naughty to run around without panties. Maybe I should
make your spanking a little harder. Raise up again so I can take off my
belt."
  That scared me a little but he had not really hurt me so far so I got
up on my hands and knees so he could take off his belt.
  When he had it off he showed it to me. It was about two inches wide and
maybe a quarter inch thick.
  " Does this scare you?"
  " Yes a little. I guess I deserve it though."
  This was totally different. It really stung and now he could hit both
cheeks at once and the top of my thighs. He seemed to know just how much
I could stand. As I became used to the pain and was able to turn it into
excitement he would hit harder and toward the end when he pulled my legs
apart to hit the tender inner thighs I came. I had experienced small
orgasms before by playing with my clitoris but nothing like this. I found
myself squealing like a pig.
  When he quit and I had calmed down a little I asked him where I could
find a mirror so I could look at my poor bottom. When he told me where to
go I started to pick up my skirt but he
said,
  " Just leave the skirt there!"      
  I hesitated but then thought it was a little late to be modest and I
was proud he wanted to see my body. I went into the bedroom with a three
way mirror. By the time I got there almost all the sting had gone away
and all I felt was heat all the way to my pussy. I was relieved to see my
butt, thighs and inner thighs were very red but there were only a few
welts and nothing serious.
  I was a little embarrassed going back to him as I would be facing him.
I kept my hands in front of my pussy to maintain as much modesty as
possible.
  When I faced him he said,
  " Put your hands by your sides."
  When I hesitated.
  " Do it!"
  Somehow it thrilled me to be given commands especially by someone who
had hurt me and made me love it. I moved my hands away and when he told
me to spread my legs I spread them little by little as he asked for more
until they were so wide I am sure the lips of my pussy were gaping open.
  " My God you are beautiful. Even your pussy is pretty. Take off your
blouse and bra. I want to see all of you."
  I was proud of the fact he thought I was pretty. Only my mother had
told me that before now and she did not really count. When I had them off
he had me pose in different positions. Every pose brought new
compliments. Finally he had me stand in front of him again with my legs
spread and my hands behind my back while he said.
  " You came during the spanking didn't you? Do you think it is fair you
came and I didn't?"
  " I'm sorry. You must think I am a real slut. Honest I did not know I
would react that way. I am a virgin and want to save myself for my
husband."
  " There are other ways to satisfy a man."
  My girlfriend had told me how she had jerked off her boyfriend. It
sounded a little disgusting as he had came on her fingers but I supposed
it was the least I could do.
  Would you like me to use my hand to get you off?"
  " No. I was thinking of you using your mouth."
  " Oh God. That sounds really disgusting. I would probably throw up."
  " Shit. You are making a big deal out of nothing. It is no worse than
sucking your thumb. I keep it very clean.
  However, I will offer an alternative. While you were gone I added up
the spankings due to me since you were eight. If you take the fifty-five
spanks I will forget about the blow-job."
  " I know this may surprise you but that alternative appealed to me as I
knew the pain was not that great and I would probably have another
glorious orgasm. Unfortunately my ass was already very red and I did not
know if it could take fifty-five more on top of the twenty-nine I had
already absorbed. I didn't realize how long I was debating in my mind
until I heard.
  " Well. What do you want to do?"
  I was startled by his voice and blurted out.
  " I would like to take the fifty five spanks but I don't know if my
poor bottom can take that many more. It is already very red."
  " You have a lot of areas open we haven't touched. Your back, the inner
thighs, the front of your thighs, your stomach, and your breasts. You
might not be able to stand still for all of them so I could tie you to
the posts at the entry to the dining room."
   Jesus. I thought he must be telepathic. I had a dream once where I was
a southern belle who had ordered a slave whipped. He had kidnapped me and
stripped me then tied me to two trees about six feet apart just like the
posts Bobby pointed out and then whipped me. When I awoke I was so
excited Just a few touches to my pussy were enough to get me off. I knew
the dream was caused by a terrible heat rash I had but that did not make
it any less exciting.
  " I guess that would be okay. I won't feel so guilty for asking for it
if I am tied and it may make it more exciting for you."
  He went to get a sheet to tear up to use the strips to tie me. I stood
between the posts while the excitement built until I could not resist
stroking my pussy. I was almost there when I heard him coming back so I
was anxious for him to get on with it.
  " Are you sure you want me to tie you up and whip you? This is going to
hurt."
  I couldn't understand why he was asking me again. I had already agreed.
  " Yes go ahead."
  " No I want to be sure. Say please tie me up and whip me all over."
  Suddenly the idea of asking for it excited me even more. I practically
panted.
  " Please tie me to the posts and whip me all over. My butt, my thighs,
my stomach, and even my breasts but not my back. Someone may see the
marks."
  He tied my legs so far apart the tendons in my thighs were in bold
relief then he tied my arms above and to each side of my head so my whole
body was stretched to the limit.
  He started at my butt then forehanded and backhanded my thighs so the
end of the belt hit the tender inner thighs so close to my pussy I
expected to feel terrible pain in my pussy at any moment.
  He could get a lot better swing with the belt with me tied than he
could while I was on his lap. The pain was so bad I could not convert it
to excitement till he started hitting me across the top of my pussy hair
and slowly left stripe after stripe as he moved slowly up to my breasts.
I then got so excited I was straining to lower myself so he would get to
my breasts faster and pumping out my body to meet his belt.
  He was very methodical on my breasts hitting them one at a time up down
and sideways to make them bob around violently on my chest. 
  He saved my nipples for last. The pain was indescribable. By the third
lash I was babbling.
  " Stop. Please stop. I want to suck you."
  He stopped and waited for me to calm down enough to be coherent then
said,
  " I want you to say please give me five lashes to my pussy so I can
give you a great blow job."
  He slowly started taking off his clothes. He looked as if he could
leave me hanging there forever.
  I could not imagine what it would feel like to be hit on my pussy. I
finally decided if it was only five I could take it.
  He was standing there naked with a hard-on that had to be eight inches
long and as big around as a large cucumber when I said with a quiver,
  " Please give me five lashes on my pussy. I will give you a great blow-
job."
  He hit the left and right pussy lip alternatively with the end welting
the inner cheeks of my ass. I was in monster orgasms when he brought the
fifth lash right up the center to hit my clit and my asshole. My body
began to shudder violently and I was still shaking when he cut me down.
  I was so grateful for the monster orgasm I kissed him then let myself
slide down his body kissing his chest and stomach until I was on my knees
and let his dick slide into my mouth. My mind was so screwed up I was
actually grateful to him for letting me suck him. I followed all his
directions using my tongue on the head of his dick and his balls and then
taking all I could into my throat till I was gagging. In a short time he
was filling my throat and mouth with cum. He would not let me take his
dick out of his mouth until I had drank all his cum and his dick was
completely soft.
  Then he took me up to his room and massaged some salve on my whipped
skin till the pain went away.
  When I felt better he told me I had a reward coming to me and began
licking my pussy. I had heard of this but I had never believed anyone
would actually do it. 
  It was mixed pain and pleasure as he would pinch my nipples or pull on
my cunt hair at the same time till I had a wonderful orgasm and dropped
off to sleep.
  He woke me up and helped me dress to go home. I could not believe I got
home at eleven-thirty. It seemed like I had been with him for several
hours. I thought I was definitely in love with him and would do anything
for him.
  The next morning I had second thoughts. The emotions he had brought out
in me scared me to death. I began to believe if I stayed with him I would
end up either in a hospital or nut house.
  He called me about eleven that morning and asked me how I felt. I said
I was fine and for the first time realized that this was the truth.
Nothing hurt. It was like the night before had never happened.  
  He asked me to go on a picnic with him.
  " I don't think I should Bobby. What happened last night really bothers
me. I am afraid it may happen again and I might really get hurt."
  " Come on. Get real. You just said you were fine. I never hit you very
hard and I never will. I'll bet you never came that hard before."
  " That is what bothers me! I liked it too much. I never tried to stop
you. I must be some kind of pervert and I have to stop it now."
  " I think we should talk about this. I will be over to get you in an
hour. Be ready."
  He hung up before I could say "No". I decided it was just as well I met
with him so I could convince him I meant what I said.
  I went up to change clothes deciding to wear some comfy loose jeans and
a flannel shirt to be as unsexy as possible. While changing I inspected
my body. All the redness was gone and there were only a few small bruises
where the end of the belt hit more than once in one spot. To tell the
truth I was a little disappointed since my bruised body was one of the
arguments I had planned to use to break up the relationship.
  I told my folks I was going to a picnic with Bobby. They were pleased
about it and Mom said,
  " I think it is wonderful you found such a nice handsome boy. Be nice
to him. Rich, handsome, nice boys are hard to find."
  God. She would shit if she really knew him. I was about to tell her I
was thinking of breaking up with him when I heard his car in the driveway
and ran out to meet him.
  I tried to explain why I could not see him any more but he interrupted
me.
  " We will talk about that when we get to the house. I have been working
on something all night and I want you to see it."
  I sat quietly as my mind raced over what he had been working on. Was he
going to show me torture devices, whips, or what. Whatever it was I
planned to let him know in no uncertain terms that I was not interested.
  When we were in the house he offered me a drink but I was not about to
have one since I blamed my drunkenness for the whole scene the night
before.
  When I was seated on the couch he put a tape in the VCR. It was me! I
was in living color and the man with me had his face blanked out.
  " God. How did you do this? I didn't see a camera. Turn it off. I don't
want to see it!"
  " No way. I worked hard on this to edit it just right for maximum
effect. My Dad installed a magnificent burglar alarm system. Every inch
of every room is video taped in case of a break-in. Naturally I can
manually turn on the cameras. You will note that I am unrecognizable and
that you are submitting to everything with no protest. If you decide you
don't want to see me anymore, copies of this tape will go to your folks,
the school principal and the Police. On top of that I can make some good
bucks off it. I know an outfit in California that specializes in these.
You could be world-famous."
  I shuddered at the possibilities. 
  I couldn't take my eyes off that damn tape. My God he was right. I was
obviously enjoying every thing that was happening. I did not even realize
that I had been pushing my body out to meet the belt and my butt to meet
his hand. He even had tape of me looking very excited playing with my
pussy standing between the posts and inspecting my body in the mirror
where I was smiling as I caressed my red skin. To make it worse the damn
tape was turning me on. I could almost feel every lash as he hit me on
the tape.
  I was moaning, "Oh no. Oh no." as I watched but at the same time I felt
my panties getting wet as my excitement built.
  Fantastic as it may seem I was relieved he had the tape. Now I did not
have to feel guilty about continuing with him to get the great orgasms. I
was being forced into it!
  Finally the tape was over just as I thought I could not go another
minute without touching myself. It was longer than it had actually been
since he showed the same lashes from different camera angles.
  " Well. What do you think? Do you want to be a movie star for a few
days before you go to jail?"
  " You couldn't send this to the police. I would tell them you got me
drunk and took them."
  " I doubt it. You are begging for it on the tape and you may know that
my uncle is the Police chief and my cousin is head of the vice squad. The
other factor is that my uncle and cousin are both into S&M. They would
love to have you in their jail. Especially since you so obviously enjoy
being whipped."
  I remembered the jail tour the school arranged to try to scare us away
from drugs. Especially the part where the guard told us the basement
cells were sound-proof so they wouldn't have to hear the addicts
screaming during drug withdrawal. They could torture me to death and no-
one would hear me.
  I shuddered and said with a whimper,
  " You win. Are you going to torture me all the time?"
  " No of course not. You are beautiful and I like you. I will enjoy
being seen with you. It is just that I was born a hundred years too late.
I hate this feminist shit. I want a girl that will cater to my every whim
and appreciate the things I do for her. Or to her. You will only be
punished when you displease me, you volunteer, or as a test of your
willingness to submit. I will of course be angry if you disobey my
orders. Do you understand?"
  " Yes. I guess I will be your slave whenever we are together."
  " You understand perfectly. As a slave you will be punished for your
mistakes and rewarded when you are good.
  Now then take off those ugly clothes. I want you naked."
  It only took a few moments to take off my shirt, jeans, bra and
panties. This was still not enough so I took off my shoes and socks and
then stood in front of him with my hands behind my back.
  " No. You are still not naked enough. Your hair is hiding your pussy.
Go to the bathroom and bring back a scissors, shaving soap, and a new
razor."
  I went without protest although I regretted losing the hair since it
had taken me so long to get some to prove I was a woman.
  When I came back he had me lie on my back on the coffee table with my
legs spread while he scissored and then shaved me. It seemed like he took
forever as he rubbed the lips of my pussy and spread them to make sure
there was no stubble anywhere. I was beginning to pant and shudder from
excitement by the time he was satisfied and leaned back on his heels.
  I felt my pussy with my hands. It felt very soft and smooth and very
sensitive.
  " Are you pleased...Master?"
  " Jesus, You catch on fast! Yes I am pleased and here is your reward."
  He spread my lips and ran his tongue over and around my clitoris. I had
never felt anything that wonderful. I was truly in heaven and was going
into multiple orgasms when he dropped his pants and shorts and began
pushing that monster dong of his into my pussy. I just felt a very short
sharp pain as he tore through my hymen. It only added to the excitement
as my  wet pussy stretched to allow entry of his monster dong. I was
spanking my own ass on the coffee table as I lunged up and down to get
all of him into me that I could. I just went from one orgasm to a yet
stronger one till he came and his dick softened to the point it would not
stay inside me.
  " Oh God. That was wonderful. I will do anything for you if it means I
can get this much pleasure.
  " Yeah I thought it was wonderful too. There is something else I want
to show you. There is vodka and orange juice at the bar. Make us drinks
while I go get your next surprise."
  His drink was waiting and mine was half down when he returned carrying
a long flower box.
  He had a couple of swallows then opened the box to bring out a strap
about eighteen inches long attached to a handle.  
  " You will love this. It is made of soft leather and I rounded all the
edges. I tried it on my self. It leaves no cuts or welts. Just stinging,
redness, and heat. This other one is when you have been very bad."
  He held up another whip which had nine braided thongs with knots on the
end. He had me feel them both then told me to hit my inner thigh first
with the soft one and then with the one he called a "Cat" To please him I
hit myself pretty hard. The first one just stung but the cat hurt so bad
I had to gasp in pain and tears came to my eyes.
  " That was the reaction I expected. You aren't going to make me mad
enough to use the 'Cat' on you. Are you?"
  " Oh no. I'll be good. I promise."
  " We'll see. Get up on your knees on the coffee table. That's right.
Now spread your legs. More! More yet. That's better. Now put your hands
behind your head, stand up straight and push out your tits as far as you
can."
  My legs were trembling and the tendons of my inner thighs were aching
in this position which put my gaping pussy only a few inches from the top
of the table. Actually my whole body was trembling as I strained to suck
in my stomach as much as possible while pushing out my tits.
  " Wow! You look fantastic. Stay that way while I get the mirror so you
can see."
  He brought in the mirror from the bedroom. He was right! My body had
never looked this good to me. Then he took the soft whip and began
lightly tapping my right breast starting at the top then around counting
as he went, at the count of nine and ten he was tapping the upper part of
my nipple then the lower part. By then I was panting in excitement.
  " Just as I thought it will take ten lashes to each tit to make them
completely red. Ask me to give you twenty lashes on your tits."  
  He hadn't hit me that many times the first time when I was near orgasm
and it still hurt very badly. I could not imagine how bad it would be
without being excited. In spite of that the idea excited me more but I
thought I should protest to convince both of us I was being forced into
it.
  " Oh no. Do I have to? Couldn't you spank me a little first to get me
ready for it."
  " You are arguing with me. If I get mad I will use the 'Cat'."
  " Oh God, no. Please give me twenty lashes on my tits with the soft
whip. I want you to do it as hard as you want."
  " Fine. Tilt you head back. I don't want to hit your face."
  God knows I didn't want that either. When my head was tilted back as
far as I could get it he began to whip the top parts of my breasts. The
whip made a loud " Smack" with each lash. It hurt even worse than I
imagined. After the sixth one which left the tops of both of them fiery
red he stopped. I was hoping he had changed his mind when he saw the
tears flowing from my eyes but this was not to be.
  " This is really exciting! I think you should see it. I will give you
the rest from behind you so you can see it in the mirror."
  He stepped behind me and proceeded to bring the whip over my shoulders.
He must have practiced because the end of the whip always hit the base of
my breasts without hitting the chest or ribs. For some reason watching my
tits bob around on my chest and turn red changed the pain to growing
excitement. He finished with four lashes to my nipples which should have
hurt terribly but instead just sent shock waves to my pussy. He stopped
and watched me pant and shudder for awhile just at the edge of a
fantastic orgasm. I watched in awe as pussy juice dripped out of my pussy
to make a small pool on the table. Just as I was about to beg him to fuck
me, he spoke.
  " You probably need ten more on your pussy. Don't you?" His voice was
trembling with excitement.
  " Yes oh yes. Please give me ten more on my pussy."
  This was unreal! I watched in total fascination as my poor hairless
pussy was wrenched out of shape as he brought the whip over my shoulder
to cover every inch of it with the end of the whip hitting my ass-hole.
By the fifth lash I was cumming by the tenth I just fell over on my side
sobbing and convulsing.
  He left for a minute to get some salve then picked me up and put me on
the couch to caress my red skin with the salve. I felt totally relaxed
and must have dropped off to sleep.
  I woke up hearing a slapping sound. When I opened my eyes he was
watching the tape he had just made. I awoke just in time to see the whip
falling on my nipples. He didn't have to edit this tape. Anyone would be
convinced I wanted to be whipped the way I was begging for the lashes to
my pussy. My excitement was obvious not only by my actions but by the
fact pussy juice splattered every time he hit the center of my gash.
  " God. I am so proud of you. Just look at you! You never tried to avoid
the whip and you never screamed. Not even once. Your moans and sobs don't
seem to come from pain. They are just the sounds any woman makes when
they are trying to come."
  " I don't feel proud. I just feel ashamed to be such a terrible slut."
  " Don't be silly. You should be proud to be such a wonderful passionate
woman. You are very rare. None of your friends could be this brave."
  I did feel proud he called me a woman rather than a girl. I had to
admit that I did not know anyone else who could have taken those lashes
without being tied up.
  " I think you deserve another reward."
   I loved the idea of him going down on me but perversely said " No. You
deserve the reward. I have never been so excited in my life. Take off
your clothes and sit on the edge of the couch. I am going to try to get
you as excited as I was at the end."
  When he was ready I took as much of his dick in my mouth and licked and
sucked as lovingly as possible. I wanted it to last for a long time so
when he got close to cumming I would lick his balls till he calmed a
little. As I was licking the base of his balls my tongue contacted his
ass-hole. This really made him moan. Since I was such a slut I kept
licking his ass-hole and finally pushed my tongue into it. This was the
last straw for him. He grabbed my hair to pull my mouth back to his dick
and began to pump it in my mouth. I gagged at first then felt his dick
stretching my throat as he buried my nose in his crotch hair and began to
cum down my throat.
  When we both calmed down he made us a couple of drinks and idly played
with my pussy as we drank them. Instead of turning me on this just made
me feel soothed and loved.
  " Look at your tits."
  To my amazement the red was gone. Now they were just a healthy pink. I
pulled them around and up and found the only lingering redness was where
the end of the whip hit under the crease at the base. My pussy also only
had a few marks where the end had hit.
  " I was not lying about the picnic. It is at the country club and we
had better hurry if we are going to get there in time for the food. You
can't wear the rags you came in. My sister is about your size we can
borrow something from her."
  Her room was something I had dreamed about. It was huge with room for a
king size bed, a couch, a large TV and VCR. There was a large walk-in
closet nearly full of very expensive looking clothes.
  " Where is your sister?"
  " Oh she is in college. She is a little lazy so she had to go to summer
school to get enough credits to graduate with the class she started with.
She will be home for the break before fall semester in a few weeks. I'll
introduce you to her. You have a lot in common besides size."
  " My God what is she wearing? It looks like she left most of her
clothes here."   
  " Naw. This is only about half her clothes. She only wears things two
or three times then she gives them to friends or the Goodwill. Here, This
should fit you and it is formal enough for the picnic."
  He held up a beautiful white silk brocade mini-dress with a neck line
that looked like it would reach my navel and no back.
  " Don't you think I will look like a slut in this to your snooty
friends?"
  " Are you trying to piss me off! These are my sister's clothes you are
talking about. Do you think she is a whore."
  " No! I'm sorry. It is just that my Mom always had me wear clothes that
buttoned to my neck."
  " Well she must have changed her mind. She bought you that sexy leather
skirt and low cut blouse."
  " You're right. Let me try it on."
  His sister must have been a little smaller than me. My large breasts
pulled the neck line open and the hem was only about three inches below
my ass.
  " That looks great! The other girls will be drooling with envy. I guess
you had better wear panties since it is so short."
  He went to a drawer and gave me some "panties." I had never seen
anything like them. They were just a small lace triangle with strings to
go around the top of my hipbones and down the crack of my ass. It was so
small it barely covered the lips of my pussy. I knew I would have to be
very careful when I sat down.
  The country club was beautiful and the food was great. I was shy at
first but everyone was nice to me and several girls complimented my dress
and my figure. Two of the girls asked me what exercise club I went to.
They were amazed when I told them the only exercise I got was riding my
bike. I became proud of the admiring glances and the fact I had Bobby.
All the girls fawned over him and I really felt fortunate he would go out
with me when he had his choice of these rich beautiful girls.
  I was glowing when we went back to his house so I could change clothes.
When I hung up the dress I could not resist looking through the rest of
her wardrobe.
  " You really like these clothes, Don't you? I guess I will have to get
you some nice clothes if you are going to go to my parties and country
club functions."
  " Oh I couldn't. They are all too expensive."
  " That is no problem. All our clothes are tailored and the bills are
sent to my Dad's company as supplies. He writes it all off his income
tax. We just have to pick out clothes we like out of magazines or
catalogues and the tailor makes them. My sister is partial to Vogue,
Cosmo, and Frederick's."
  His word was good. I was good and obeyed all his demands and in return
he did not whip me. All week we made love and looked through magazines
and catalogues. We finally agreed on some sexy lingerie and clothes my
Mom would never see and some regular clothes for school and street my Mom
would like.
  He took me to a place called " A-1 Supplies. It had all kinds of
expensive computers, fax machines, and furniture in the store front.
Bobby said they did sell some real supplies on occasion to people who did
not know about the back room. In the back room two men greeted Bobby
enthusiastically. Bobby introduced me to Mr. Manchu and Mr Beachene.Mr.
Manchu scared me a little because he looked like the evil Japanese who
were so mean in the movies.Then Bobby told me to take off my clothes to
be measured.
  When I was naked it was so strange. I was embarrassed to be naked in
front of two strange men but at the same time I felt sexy and proud as
they felt my body and complimented me on my figure and beauty.
  They measured every inch of me from the size of the vee that my crotch
formed to the distance around each of my breasts. In spite of myself I
became more and more excited with all the fondling while Bobby sat in a
chair and smiled at me.
  Both of them fondled my breasts and crotch. I kept looking at Bobby
expecting him to object as I became more and more excited. Suddenly I
felt a sharp slap on my butt as I heard Mr. Manchu say, " That's all the
measurement we need for now."
  I was a little disappointed it was over and hesitated a moment before I
started walking away from them to the table that held my clothes. As I
walked away I heard Mr. Manchu say, " You are really lucky Bobby. She has
a beautiful round spankable ass."
  " Yes she does." Bobby replied, " And the best part is she likes to
have it spanked."
  Mr Manchu said, " Is that right, Kathy? That is very interesting."
  I was embarrassed Bobby had told strangers of my perversion and
blurted, " Oh no. Bobby is just kidding. Nobody likes to be spanked." 
  " On the contrary. A lot of women like to be spanked including my wife
and daughter."
  Bobby's smile went away. " Don't lie Kathy! It will just make us all
mad at you." 
  I hung my head in shame and mumbled, " Yes I guess I like it a little
sometimes."
  Bobby snorted, " Shit! Tell them the truth. You love it and get off on
it."
  " All right. I do love it. It makes me very excited." 
  Mr Manchu said, " In that case I have something you might be interested
in."
  He went into the other room and came back to hand me a leather paddle
just a little bigger than a ping-pong paddle. It was beautiful, made of
soft leather with a rose carved in the center of it with rose-buds
circling. It was strange the leather was soft yet it was stiff enough to
resist bending. The more I held and felt it the more excited I became as
I imagined it falling on my skin. Bobby brought me out of my reverie.
  " About ten swats with that should turn you on. Right Kathy?"
  I thought about it for a second. I had never been hit with anything
like this but how bad could just ten swats be?
  " Yes." I said dreamily. " That sounds very exciting."
  " Of course I mean ten for each of us." Bobby said quietly.
  I gulped and I felt my clit tingle. Thirty would be a lot especially
since this paddle seemed to dictate being used solely on my ass. I didn't
argue, I was just curious.
  " Would all thirty have to be on my butt?"
  " Mr. Manchu. You are the expert with this instrument. What do you
think?"
  " Well Bobby, it is an ideal instrument for the butt. However, My wife
and daughter have never objected to it's use on their thighs and lower
stomach. Unfortunately it is too stiff and wide to be used between the
legs and it seems to cause a great deal of bruising to the breasts."
  I couldn't imagine having this hit my tits. It was so heavy it would
flatten them like pancakes.
  " Well then," Bobby said with some excitement. " Let's get on with it."
  " Patience Bobby. I have some customers coming in to get some goods. We
have an ideal place in the basement that is totally sound proof. It used
to be a walk in freezer. You can carry your paddle Kathy."
  It increased my excitement to carry the instrument that would no doubt
bring me a lot of pain. I followed Mr Manchu through a door at the back
of the room. I was embarrassed at my nudity when I entered the room and
saw a beautiful eurasian woman and a girl about eighteen working at their
desks. I assumed they were Mr Manchu's wife and daughter. The girl
confirmed it.
  " Oh she is beautiful Daddy. Can we watch her getting spanked?"
  " Of course not. I wouldn't get any work out of you for the rest of the
day. Besides you have to take care of the customers coming in while we
are gone." 
  She looked really disappointed but I was relieved. For some reason the
idea of having women see me naked and whipped made me feel embarrassed
and humiliated.
  Mr Manchu opened a thick door and we walked down to the basement. Then
he opened a very thick door and we entered a large room. I could hear a
police siren outside until he closed the door then it was totally silent.
The room was brightly lit so they could see the effect of every lash.
There were chains with padded leather cuffs on the walls and ceiling and
mirrors every where. I would be able to see myself getting beaten from
every angle. Tables and  sawhorses were set up to stretch my body for
whipping. I looked with dread at the chains and Bobby must have noticed
my alarm.
  " I don't think she will need to be tied. She takes her spankings very
well."
  "Maybe." Mr Manchu retorted, "But I don't like them to jump around. It
spoils my aim. Kathy, stand here, spread your legs and lift your arms
above your head."
  I gave my precious paddle to Bobby and got into position. They put
cuffs on my wrists and ankles and spread my legs and pulled up my arms to
stretch my body. 
  Booby said, " Mr. Manchu you have the experience with this paddle. You
can be first. I want to be last so I can watch her reactions."
  I heard the paddle whooshing through the air to land on the top of my
right cheek. There was a very sharp pain followed by heat as the paddle
made a loud "Splat". Tears sprang to my eyes and air rushed out of my
mouth.  This was followed quickly by one to the same place on my left
cheek. He worked his way down till he had put four spanks on each of my
cheeks then two to the back of my thighs. When he had finished I was just
at that terrible moment just before you come and could hardly wait till
he passed the paddle to Mr. Beauchene. He brought two across both cheeks
then decided to go to more sensitive areas. He held the crack of my ass
open and hit the tender inner cheeks. When he covered them completely he
went to my inner thighs just missing my pussy lips. I was in orgasm by
then and was trying to pump my hips in and out as well as I could in my
stretched position.
  I could hardly wait for Bobby's turn. He gave me four on the front of
my thighs and two to my stomach then he stopped just as I was getting
delirious with orgasms.
  " Shit. I wish this paddle was not so wide. I can't get between her
legs."
  " You could hit most of her pussy if she spread her legs wider."
  I did even better. I spread my legs till just my toes were touching the
floor then tilted my pelvis as far forward as I could.
  He brought the paddle up from the floor and pussy juice spattered as I
felt the most horrendous pain ever. Instinctively I tried to pull my legs
together and push my pelvis back for protection. I saw Bobby standing
there quietly through my tear filled eyes. Then my body overrode my mind!
I found myself spreading my legs again and pushing out my pussy so hard
my muscles were trembling. The next lash was just as bad but I just
screamed and kept it pushed out. I don't know if he hit it the fourth
time as I became mindless and passed out from the combination of pain and
orgasms.
  When I came to, Bobby was putting salve on my pussy and inner thighs
while the other men played with my breasts and pussy. They were all naked
and had huge hard-ons.
  "How do you feel, sweetheart."
  " I hurt awful, Bobby but I also feel very satisfied. I have never come
so hard I passed out before."
  " We worked hard to get you there. I think We deserve a reward. Don't
you?"
  " Oh yes. Anything. Except please don't hurt me any more."
  " No. You'll love this."
  He laid on his back on the floor and I got down on all fours to suck on
his dick. Then Mr Beachene got behind me and pushed his dick into my
sensitive pussy. After a few stokes to get it wet he took it out and
began to push it into my anus. Thankfully his dick was not as big around
as Bobby's and did not feel at all bad. Bobby lifted my head from his
dick and slid down to put his prick in my pussy. Then Mr Manchu pulled my
head to the side to suck his dick. All my senses were being overloaded as
all three dicks entered my body.
  When Mr Manchu flooded my mouth with cum I loved it and sucked and
licked on his softening dick till I had swallowed all his semen. Then Mr
Beauchene came and I pulled him around to lick the cum off his dick even
though I could taste my own shit. This final degradation brought me to
orgasm the same time as Bobby. I slid down and licked his dick and balls
lovingly as I said " Thank you" over and over. I was tremendously
grateful that I could still cum without pain. I had been afraid I would
become so perverted I would never be able to cum without pain.
  When we had all calmed down the men dressed and led me back upstairs.
At the office the girl came around the desk exclaiming " Let me see! Let
me see! Wow. You are really red! You are probably going to have some
bruises. I always do. Even your pussy is red! You are so brave. I can't
take having my pussy whipped. The pain always makes me pass out."
  " Well you are going to be passing out again if you don't leave her
alone and get back to your desk." Mr Manchu retorted.
  Her face blanched and she scurried into her office chair explaining. "
When he is mad at me he hurts me too bad for me to come."
  Bobby had me put on my peasant blouse and wrap-around skirt to go back
to the car. These were the only clothes I owned up to now that he liked
since he could easily pull down or reach into the blouse to fondle my
breasts and unwrap the skirt to get to my pussy.
  Sitting down in the car increased the burn on my ass dramatically. I
immediately flopped down to lay on the seat with my head in Bobby's lap.
  " What are you doing? Sit up on the seat and put on your safety belt."
  " Oh Bobby." I whined, " The salve isn't working. My poor bottom is on
fire. Please just let me lie here."
  " Of course it isn't working. I didn't put any on your ass. I wanted to
keep you excited till we got home. Just sit up and play with your clit.
You will soon forget about your ass."
  As usual he was completely right. I opened my skirt and very soon found
myself squirming around on my wool skirt to increase the pain as I rubbed
at my pussy with both hands till both hands were soaked and I was begging
him to fuck me.
  As soon as we were through his front door I ripped off my skirt and
blouse and laid on my back on the floor begging him to fuck me. He teased
me by slowly removing his clothes but the fact he was getting naked gave
me hope and in a few moment his chest was flattening my breast as his
glorious tool plunged into my swampy pussy. Each thrust dragged my
sensitive butt on the rug which felt like rough sandpaper and I was in my
third orgasm when he came.
  By now my ass felt as if all the skin was gone and all I had back there
was raw nerve endings. He finally took pity on me and started caressing
my ass with the salve. It felt wonderful and I was so grateful of his
kindness it did not even occur to me that he had created all this pain in
the first place.
  From then on my whole being was centered between my legs. I was horny
constantly and open to any of his ideas that might get me off no matter
how painful or humiliating. I gloried in obeying his every whim. The
worse it was the more I was sure no other girl would do it for him and no
girl no matter how pretty she was could replace me.
  Bobby saw me every day and most nights for the next week. He seemed
satisfied I would do anything for him and simply had me blow him or he
would fuck me in my ass or pussy. Once in a while he would tie my wrists
and elbows behind my back to force my tits out for him to fondle or spank
with the end of his belt if I forgot to keep them pushed out on my own.
  Naturally my Mom noticed that I was walking around with my breasts
pushed out and kept as many buttons unbuttoned on my blouse as I could
without showing my bra. Actually I only wore a bra when I was home.
  " Kathy, What has gotten in to you. All of a sudden you seem awfully
proud of your breasts."
  " Oh Mom. You used to yell at me about slouching. It is just that I am
proud that Bobby wants to date me when he could go with any girl in town.
He talked to me about slouching too and I have been practicing good
posture."
  " Well he sure succeeded in that department. Since you love him so much
are you sleeping with him?"
  " Gosh no Mom! You know what a nice boy he is. We always get home
early."
  " Well I was young once myself and I remember all the hormones kicking
in. Just in case you get carried away sometime I think you should have
these."
  She handed me a sack from the pharmacy. When I opened it I found a
wheel with birth control pills! I did not know what to say. It seemed to
give me full permission to have sex. 
  " I don't need them but I will take them if it will keep you from
worrying."
  " I know you are much too young to get married. I don't know how you
can avoid sex before you get out of high school. I am sure Bobby's
parents won't want him to marry till he is out of college. That is a long
time to wait. I never told you this but your father and I couldn't wait.
I lived in fear of getting pregnant for years."
  " Thank you for telling me Mom. It is nice to know you can have sex
without becoming a slut."
  " There is no comparison. Sex is beautiful between a man and woman in
love. You are only a slut if you have sex with someone you don't love.
  That certainly put me in the slut category considering I had fucked Mr.
Manchu and his partner without even liking them. I just gulped and nodded
then walked out to go to school.
  By the time I got to school I had convinced myself that I was not a
slut since I had fucked Mr. Manchu to make Bobby happy.
  At school I went into a stall in the bathroom to get rid of my bra and
unbutton one more button to show more cleavage. I was not lying to Mom.
Bobby had really made me proud of my body and it turned me on to see the
boys and even some of the men teachers undressing me with their eyes.
  I was especially proud when the head cheerleader told me I had a
beautiful body and that I should try out for the cheer leading team. I
had mixed feelings about that. The idea of jumping around in their skimpy
outfits in front of a large crowd made me excited but I would have to
practice after school and go to the games. I told her I would think it
over.
  I never saw Bobby at school since he went to a fancy prep school. I
always met him after school in the parking lot.
  I could hardly wait to tell him I had been asked to be a cheerleader
since only the pretty girls were invited.
  " Forget it Kathy. It would take up too much of your time. I can
arrange to satisfy your urge to be an exhibitionist."
  I was a little embarrassed that he could see through me so easily. I
knew the only reason I had even considered cheer leading was to exhibit
the body I was so proud of. The other girls said they did it for school
spirit but I knew the real reason was their chance to be in the
spotlight.
  Bobby told me that my clothes would be ready tomorrow but he couldn't
go with me since his Dad was having him cut the afternoon classes to go
to the horse races with him. He would not be back till late Sunday night.
  I was devastated by the news. Three nights without him would be pure
hell. I told him I wanted to do something extra special for him  so he
would keep me on his mind while he was gone.
  " What do you have on your mind?"
  " I don't know. Anything, anything at all that will prove I am yours
and you can think about for the next three days."
  Suddenly the ultimate test occurred to me.
  " Would you like to whip me with the 'Cat'."
  " Jesus! You have no idea what you are offering. I don't think even you
can get off on that much pain. I was saving that in case you ever really
pissed me off."
  " That's the whole idea. I want it to hurt really bad. I want to prove
how much I love you. I want to offer something no other girl in the world
would ask you to do. The cat may leave bruises to remind me of you for
all the time you are gone."
  He continued to protest but I had my hand on his crotch and could feel
his dick growing till it was so hard I could feel it throb through his
pants. This convinced me the idea of using the "Cat" on me excited him in
spite of his protests.
  " All right we will go up to our mountain cabin. I know you will scream
and no-one can hear you there.
  First we went to his house to get the "Cat" and the keys to his cabin.
He had me hold on to the evil looking whip on the twenty mile trip to his
cabin. I had some misgivings as I felt how hard the plaited thongs were.
Once we were in the woods I couldn't resist taking off my blouse to pull
the thongs across my breasts. They sunk in deeply and I knew they would
do the same when I was hit. As we became closer to the cabin I became
more and more convinced that if I went through with this he could never
leave me. He must have been lost in thoughts about what was coming up
because he jumped in surprise when I spoke.
  " Bobby.. You have to promise you will hit me very hard. If you go easy
on me it won't prove anything. I want to have the bruises to prove my
love all the time you are gone."
  " Yes I have to admit I also want to know just how far you will go for
me. What I haven't decided is how many lashes I should give you."
  I thought for a minute then said, " I read in some history book that
adulteresses were given fifty lashes. God knows I am an adulteress."
  " I doubt you can take that many. I'll tell you what. I will give them
to you until you say 'Mercy' or let your head fall to your chest. If you
do make it to fifty I will go down on you till you cum, every night for a
week when I come back."
  We finally arrived at his cabin. It was really a large house. The only
thing to justify calling it a cabin was the fact it was made of logs. I
went inside while he went out to the barn to find some rope.
  He came back in tieing halter ropes together to make one long rope.
  " I couldn't find enough rope to tie you spread-eagled. I just have
enough to throw over the ceiling beam and tie your hands above your head.
He threw the rope over a large log going across the living room about ten
feet over my head. I took off my clothes and went over to him holding my
hands together in front of me to be tied.  He pulled my hands up and took
the end of the rope over to a bannister to make a knot. The rope was a
little short so I ended up with my toes barely brushing the floor. My
body was stretched tight as I hung there and he had to stop for a minute
to admire the effect on my body.
  " Remember Kathy. I will ignore your screams and protests.  
if you really want me to stop say 'Mercy' or let your head fall on your
chest. Now take a deep breath, here comes the first one."
  That's when I found the instrument was not the real factor. He hit easy
to just leave pink lines across my tummy. He kept on that way on up to my
breasts until I became very excited and yelled, "Harder! Hit Harder!"
  I felt this horrendous pain across the cheeks of my ass. It felt as if
red hot rods were digging into my flesh and I screamed at the top of my
lungs. I continued to scream at each lash as He covered my back, butt and
thighs. When he moved to my front he started at my thighs and worked up.
The lashes to my stomach nearly knocked my breath out and I was so hoarse
from screaming by the time he got to my tits I could only gasp and moan. 
  Suddenly I realized he had stopped.
  " God You are magnificent! You only have five to go. Spread your legs."
  "Oh God no. No! I can't." But even as I was whimpering this my legs
were opening. When they opened enough he brought the whip up from the
floor My pussy and asshole exploded in pain as the knots on the end felt
as if they would rip out my anus. I snapped my legs together and rubbed
my thighs together to try to alleviate some of the pain. I opened my eyes
and saw Bobby standing there in front of me with a wild look in his eyes.
I defiantly spread my legs as far as I could and left them open in spite
of the pain of the next lash. Thank God nature does not allow such pain
to continue. My nerve endings were deadened and I was still holding my
legs open when he gently pushed them together and untied me.
  He carried me over to the couch and began putting salve on me while
kissing and licking my welts.
  " Oh God. Bobby, I hurt so much! I didn't cum Bobby! I didn't even come
close, it hurt so bad. Did you give me all fifty?
  " Yes. I didn't plan to but you never said 'Mercy' and I couldn't tell
if your moans were from the pain or from orgasms."
  " No I didn't cum! It was all pain and I did it for you. Would anyone
else love you enough to do that for you?"
  " God no. I have to admit I came though. You made me so excited I was
jerking off with my left hand while I was whipping you with my right.
  " That's great. I wanted to get you excited. I was afraid you might get
turned off if I screamed too loud. I want to see my body. Where is a
mirror? "
  I had trouble walking. My muscles had evidentally cramped as I
tightened them in an effort to fight the whip. Bobby helped me to the
mirror and turned on a bright light.
  My body was a mess. It was covered with hundreds of ugly welts and some
of them were oozing blood. Bobby thought a nice warm bath would help. He
massaged my muscles as the soothing bath with a lot of bath oil soothed
my welts. We stayed as late as We could on a school night. I didn't want
my Mom or Dad to get out of bed to wait for me if I was late.
  They were both in bed when I got home and sank into the cool sheets. I
was exhausted and went right to sleep.
  Bobby called me in the morning to make sure I was all right. I was
happy he cared and told him I was fine. This was not completely true I
was still pretty sore and it was obvious I couldn't wear underwear. I
disappointed the boys in school by wearing a loose angora sweater and an
old soft cotton skirt. I couldn't stand the waistband pressing into the
welts so I just zipped it up about three fourths of the way and used a
large safety pin to hold the waistband together loose enough for the
skirt to just be held up by my hips. This made the skirt longer and I am
sure my Mom was surprised to see me so demurely dressed now that she was
used to the open blouses.
  The boys were disappointed. If I didn't have welts on my stomach I
would have lifted my arms to pull up the sweater to show how the skirt
was hanging way below my belly-button and just above my pussy.
  By the end of the first class it was obvious I could not sit on those
hard wooden chairs all day so I went to the nurse and said I had P.M.S
and wanted to go home. She gave me a pass to go home. By that time both
my folks were at work so I could get naked.I alternated between cool
baths and applications of salve for the rest of the morning. By noon I no
longer hurt anywhere although I had a lot of long skinny bruises that
really showed up now that my skin was back to white. I admired them in
the mirror very proud I had been avble to withstand the pain without
saying "Mercy."
About one o'clock I remembered my clothes were ready and went down to Mr.
Manchu's.
  I was relieved to see Mr. Manchu and Mr. Beauchene were not there. Mr
Manchu's wife volunteered the information that they were out of town to
buy more material.
  She brought out my clothes, They looked beautiful and I asked her where
I could try them on.
  " Right here. No-one can come in unless I let them."
  I was hesitant to let her see my welted body but then I remembered that
both her and her daughter were whipped on occasion. She should
understand. I pulled off the sweater and dropped the skirt to my ankles.
  " Oh my. Someone really did a job on you. What did you do to deserve
this?"
  When I explained that I had volunteered for it to prove my love she
understood completely.
  " Yes I know. I have done the same for Mr. Manchu. He thinks I am his
slave but actually he is mine. He could never replace me and he knows it.
Every time he punishes me or my daughter he always more than makes up for
it with love and presents. Speaking of my daughter. Mei Ling, come in
here I want to show you something. 
  She came in and looked at me awesomely as she traced the weals lightly
with her fingers from my butt, to my pussy and then on my breasts. When
her mother told her I had volunteered for the whipping she was obviously
impressed.
  "My gosh, you must be awfully brave. Strong too. Mom only had to take
thirty lashes with the 'Cat' and she was in bed for two days. 
  The clothes were beautiful and fit perfectly. Unfortunately they were
too tight to wear on my tender skin. He had also ordered some additional
things I did not know about. Ten pairs of "G" string panties, some tiny
short shorts with the waist cut so low they barely covered the crack of
my ass, and a couple very unusual things. One was a bra that she turned
inside out to reveal sharp tacks on the underside.
  " This is a gift from my husband. He calls this a posture improver. If
you don't keep your shoulders back and your tits up it will puncture the
bottom of your breasts. Actually it is impossible to move very much
without being stuck."
  Then she showed me some panties. They looked like standard bikini
panties of thick silk till she turned them inside out.
  They had hundreds of tacks all over.
  " Sometimes he has me wear these after he has spanked my ass and pussy
to keep the pain alive. The only way they are bearable is when you are
standing perfectly still with your legs apart. If you walk or sit down
you are punctured. If he feels especially mean he will have me jog in the
panties and bra. It is even worse to have to ride the stationary
bicycle."
  Mei ling spoke up. " Do you like to whip people as well as being
whipped? Daddy has us whip each other when he just wants to watch. It
really turns me on to whip her because I know just how each lash feels
and can imagine it happening to me. I have a whipping coming for coming
back from lunch late."
  Gee I don't know. I have never even seen someone get whipped let alone
do it. I'll take that back. I have seen myself whipped on videotape and
it did turn me on.  I think I would like to watch at least."
  We went down to their basement after her mother had locked the front
door and put a note on the door that She would re-open in an hour.
  We tied Mei Ling in to the ceiling and floor in the familiar "X"
position that made our bodies look so good. As soon as I saw her
stretched out I became excited. This grew as I watched and almost felt
the fifteen lashes to her back, butt and thighs with a whip made of many
leather thongs. I was panting nearly as hard as Mei Ling when her mother
handed me the whip.
  " Here. I saved the best for last. You may whip her front."
  I really didn't mean to hit her so hard. I started out easy with two to
her upper thighs and one to her lower stomach. Then I became so damn
excited with the first lash that wrenched her titties out of shape I lost
control. I laid them in one after another first to her tits and then her
pussy. I was too excited to even think about counting and her mother had
to grab my arm to stop me after the fifteenth.
  I stood there panting and tearing at my pussy as her mother got her
down. Her breasts and pussy were beet-red and I fell to the floor in
orgasm just as she dropped to the floor in agony.
  I came to my senses as her mother was caressing salve on Mei Ling.
  " Oh Mei Ling I am so sorry I didn't mean to hit you so hard. Let me
help you." Her mother handed me the salve and I began to rub it into her
breasts. They were smaller than mine but they were perfect and very firm.
I became turned on again as I saw her moans of pain turn to pleasure.
After I had spent some time on her pussy  With it's sparse jet black hair
she raised her head to speak.
  " If you are really sorry you could kiss it and make it better."
  I had never done anything like that before but I decided it was the
least I could do to make up for the carnage I caused.
  "Oh yes. Bobby does that for me and I forget the pain."
   I spread the lips of her pussy and made a tentative lick on her clit.
To my surprise her pussy tasted like strawberries. Her pleasure was so
obvious I continued to lick it as Bobby had licked mine. I spread her
cunt open even wider so I could lick and suck on her distended clitoris.
It excited me as well and I began tickling my clit as I licked and sucked
faster until she grabbed my head and pushed it into her pussy till I was
afraid I might drown.  Finally she could not cum any more and raised my
head.
  " Oh that was wonderful. You can whip me anytime as long as you lick me
like that!"
  I didn't know what to say to that so I just said, " Your pussy tastes
like strawberries. It was really nice."
  "Oh that. I douche with pop. You know cherry, strawberry, lemon-lime.
Coke and pepsi are too sticky but the seltzer's work great. I started
doing it when my boy-friend wouldn't go down on me because my pussy
stunk."
  " He couldn't complain now. Mei ling... I still feel bad for hurting
you so much. Do you want to whip me?"
  "No your body is not ready for that. All your welts would bleed. The
underside of your breasts are all right. You could make up by wearing
that 'posture bra' home."
  I was curious about what it would feel like. I was encouraged by her
mother's statement that it only hurt when you slouched. I decided to go
one better.
  " If that will make you forgive me I will wear both the bra and
panties."
  "Great! I'll help you put them on."
  " Actually, I think she cheated when she put on the bra. It was
strictly a push-up type. My nipples were totally exposed and she
tightened the shoulder straps so much I could feel the points digging in
even though I was holding up my breasts as high as I could. She carefully
pulled up the panties over my legs so I never felt a point until she
pulled them tight up against my crotch and tightened a belt in the back
to hold them in position. There was instant pain from hundreds of
punctures covering the entire face of my pussy, my crotch, and all over
the cheeks of my ass. I tried standing very still with my legs slightly
apart as her mother had suggested but nothing helped. The slightest move
caused the points to dig in more."
  " Oh shit Mei ling, this is terrible. Some of the points are hitting my
welts and a couple are digging into my ass-hole. The scary part is I know
there are some real close to my clit."
  " Well I guess you had better not let your clit get hard. Don't worry.
The points are so short they can't go deep enough to cause any real
damage. Are you thinking of going back on your promise."
  " No I know I owe you this. Besides I asked for it. It doesn't seem so
bad now. Maybe I'll get used to it."      
  " Yeah maybe." She said doubtfully, "Hold your hands above your head
while I put your skirt and sweater on, that will lift your breasts off
the points."
  That worked for my breasts but did nothing for my crotch. When I lifted
each leg for her to put on my skirt I buried the points into my pussy.
That was nothing compared to walking to my car as my breasts moved in the
bra and each step moved the points around on my pussy. 
  When I sat down in the car my breasts settled into the points and all
of the points buried themselves in my ass. I had never realized how rough
the road back to my house was until I felt the points puncturing my
breasts and ass with every little bump. About half-way back I began to
get into it and started looking for bumps to hit. When I got home I
jogged into the house and upstairs to my room letting my breasts bounce
in the bra and squeezing my legs together to pinch the points into my
pussy. When I got to my room I put a rock and roll tape into my stereo
and began to dance violently. That did it! I was in orgasm before the
first song was over and flopped on my bed and put a pillow under my pussy
to drive the tacks in it while jamming my tits into the mattress.
  When I had calmed down I felt wetness on my chest and pussy. When I
took off the sweater and skirt I saw that the bra and panties were soaked
in blood. That scared me and I took them off and got into the shower to
wash off the blood. I was wondering what I could use for bandages when I
noticed the bleeding had stopped!  I had hundreds of little red bumps
like mosquito bites but no tears or anything.
  I had to hurry to get them washed before Mom came home. When she did I
told her I wasn't feeling well so I could stay in bed to play with my
super sensitive crotch and butt while fantasizing about things I could do
for Bobby while I was wearing The bra and Panties. 
  Saturday and Sunday all I had to do was strip and feel my bruises or
press the panties or bra against me to bring on enough excitement to
bring me off by playing with my clit. 
  I was disappointed when Bobby did not show up Sunday night and was
overjoyed to see him waiting for me in the parking lot when I got out of
school. 
  I almost smothered him with hugs and kisses then asked him to take me
home because my folks wouldn't be there for about three hours and I
wanted to model my new clothes for him. Actually I mainly wanted to show
him that I still had bruises from the "Cat".
  As soon as we were inside I stripped as fast as I could. "Look Bobby, I
still have bruises. All I had to do to remind me of you when you were
gone is to get naked and look at them."
  Actually all the lines had disappeared and only the blossoms of the
knots were left as polka dots of purple.He kissed and licked all of them
which made us excited enough to enjoy making love but it just felt good
without bringing on the fantastic orgasms.
  "I am glad you don't think I went too far. I was a little worried since
you were ready to dump me after your first experience with just a belt."
  "Oh God no! I could never leave you. I love and need you and I think
you need me too."
  "I love you too but don't get the idea that you are unique. A lot of
girls will put up with almost anything. Girls are strange. You must have
noticed that the really nice guys hardly ever get laid. Girls just want
them for friends. They fuck the guys that may dump on them at any
moment."
  I hadn't really thought about it before but he reminded me of all the
girl talk and I had to admit in a lot of cases he was right. Most of them
ended up marrying nice guys but until they were ready to get married they
were fucking all the real bastards. That got me wondering about our
relationship and I was afraid there would be no way we could keep this
monster flame going and it would have to burn out in time.
  "God Bobby that frightens me. Those mean guys always seem to leave the
girls eventually. Will you dump me when you become bored with me?"
  "That depends on you. My Mother is like you and Dad and her have been
together for over twenty years. Dad has never gone with anyone else. He
told me other women can't even be compared to her."
  "Really! You mean your Dad whips your Mom?"
  "Yes. That is why I thought it may excite you. It makes her very
excited like you. Her only request is that she doesn't want anything done
to her that will scar her since she is very proud of her body and enjoys
the fact Dad is very proud of her and likes to have her show it off. He
enjoys having other men saying how much they envy him. I am like that too
I really liked the way the men looked at you at the picnic. Some of them
were practically drooling."
  "I am very much like her! I was really afraid the 'Cat' would scar me.
I want so much for you to be proud of me."
  "I am very proud of you and I don't want to scar you either. Actually
she does have some marks that could be considered scars. She had Dad put
his initials on her pussy."
  "How did he do that?"
  "Two ways actually. She has a ring that was pierced through the lip of
her pussy that has a medal with his initials and she has two small brands
a 'T' on the right pussy lip an a 'W' on the other one. Dad told me she
had made the brands out of paper clips and had him heat them red hot on
the stove. He was so impressed with her profession of love he offered to
let her brand him just above his dick. I don't know if she took him up on
it or not because his hair would hide it. Hers is really visible since
she keeps her pussy hair plucked out all the time."
  "You mean she let you see it?"
  "Of course. We have an indoor pool so we have always gone swimming
nude."
  "That is so great! Do you know I have never seen either of my folks
nude? Their bathing suits are even baggy. What does your sister think
about it?"
  "She plans on doing it too if she ever finds anyone she loves enough.
Her chances aren't too good though. All the guys she has met in that
snooty college are wimps. She told me she offered to let one of them give
her a birthday spanking. He just patted her butt on top of her skirt and
was embarrassed and apologized for that. She was so pissed she wouldn't
talk to him anymore and he never did get it. Weeks later he was sending
her flowers with little notes apologizing for hurting her. She is always
anxious to get home so Dad or I can whip her."
  "You whip your sister? God you don't know what a relief that is to me!
My older brother used to take me out to the woods to play cowboys and
indians or spies. I would hide from him and when he caught me he would
tie me to a tree. Eventually he would have me take off my clothes so he
could search me for hidden micro film by putting his finger in my pussy
then finally he started switching me with little willow switches 'To make
me talk'. He had always wanted to be an airplane pilot. I really missed
our games when he went to military school. When he came home for vacation
he must have felt guilty. He said we were to old to play those games
anymore. At least he taught me how to play with myself. But this is the
first time I ever told anyone about the games so I must have known it was
not proper."
  "You will love my sister. She likes to whip as well as being whipped
and likes to play games to see how many lashes she can give or receive.
When she got a little overweight she had me give her ten lashes for every
pound she was over her goal weight every night. Her body eventually got
so sore she got serious about her diet but it took two weeks to get to
her one hundred and five pounds. She still has me weigh her as soon as
she gets home."
  "That is a great idea. If you think I am too fat you can do that with
me."
  "Okay. You look perfect now. We will weigh you and if you gain weight
you will pay for it."
  I was at my slimmest when he weighed me.I forgot about the fact I
always retained water before I started menstruating. It gave a whole new
meaning to pre-menstrual pain especially since my breasts got more
sensitive at the same time.It took a lot of will-power to pull them out
to the sides by the nipples so he could whip the part hidden by my
cleavage but I couldn't complain since I had asked for it and I never had
to be whipped more than a few days.
  The next weekend he told me he was having a charity affair at his
house. The country club needed another tennis court and this would help
pay for it. It was to be a costume ball. When I asked him what kind of
costumes we would wear he explained.
  "All the girls are coming as animals and the boys as their trainers. We
drew slips out of a hat for the costumes that would be worn. You are
coming as an Easter bunny. I hope you won't feel silly. I already have
the costume, you can put it on at the house."
  I didn't mind. In fact I had worn one for a school play. The main thing
I remembered about it was that it was hot under the fake fur. This time I
would not wear anything under it. 
  I didn't have to worry about heat. I was there early so I could help
him greet the guests and he got my costume. He painted a black circle
around my nose, had me put on long fake eyelashes, bunny ears, bunny
feet, bunny mittens, and taped a cotton tail onto my tail bone. I asked
him where the rest of the costume was because I was totally naked.
  "That's it. Except for these items."
  He put a dog collar around my neck and attached a leash to it.
  "You will move around on your hands and knees and when you stop you
will stand up on your knees and hold your 'paws' next to your shoulders.
You should look really cute"
  I thought that being led around with a leash would be really
humiliating but if it made him happy I would do it.
  "Let's give it a try."
  I got on my hands and knees and tried to stay by his side as he led me
around the room. When he stopped in front of a mirror I stood up on my
knees as he had said. This position exposed the whole front of my body
and I began to get a little excited at the thought of strangers seeing me
this way. I hoped everyone would like my body as much as Bobby and sucked
in my stomach and pushed out my breasts to make it look better. He wasn't
satisfied.
  "Spread your legs a little."
  I spread my legs little by little. He wasn't satisfied till they were
open far enough to open my cunt-lips.
  "Okay remember that position. I expect you to get in to it as soon as
we stop."
  The doorbell rang and he led me to the door and gave me time to get
into position before he opened it. A boy a little older than Bobby was
standing there dressed in a ringmaster's uniform complete with whip. At
the end of his leash was a nude girl dressed as a tiger simply by
painting stripes on her body and using makeup to give her a black nose
and whiskers. She had short hair moussed to fit tightly against her head.
I was a little jealous as her costume seemed much more sexy than mine.
When she moved through the door her body seemed to flow like a cat's and
looked sexier than ever.
  When she was inside resting on her haunches with her elbows compressing
the sides of her breasts she said, "You make a really cute bunny." I
didn't know if I should answer or not since bunnies don't talk but when
neither of the masters said anything I answered. "Thank you.I wish I
could have had your costume though it seems awfully sexy especially the
way you move."
  She shrugged saying, "It was just the luck of the draw. It took a lot
of lashes to train me to move this way. Under these stripes are a lot of
big welts. Does your master whip you very much?"
  "Oh yes but I don't mind. Do you."
  "Mostly it is just terribly exciting. I just felt bad because it took
me so long to move like a cat. The lashes seemed to hurt more when they
were a result of my failure."
  "Yes I know what you mean. I liked to be whipped just to become
excited. I just feel guilty when it is because I did something stupid. To
make it worse he usually doesn't make love to me after I have been
punished. Do you think we are crazy?"
  "If we are there are a lot of us. Tommy never hits me hard enough to
break the skin. Wait till you see Julie."
  The bell rang again and I saw a girl whose only make-up was the nose
and whiskers with her long blonde hair combed out to look like a mane and
a tail with a blonde tuft of hair at the end.It was pinned to her skin
with little safety pins. I felt a little wimpy with mine just taped on.
She had a tan so it was easy to see she was a lion. Her master was
carrying a long wooden switch. He said a quick hello to Bobby then led
her over to the bar to get a drink.
  "That is her, that's Julie. When you get a chance take a close look at
her body. That switch is their favorite whip and it cuts."
  That made me curious so I said, "Bobby. Would you like me to get you a
drink?
  "Yeah. In fact you can have one too. Remember to go to the bar on your
hands and knees and back on your knees."
  When I got to the bar I noticed for the first time Mrs. Manchu was bar
tending. I could only see above her waist but she was nude and had a
chain running around her neck and to rings in her nipples that were
lifting both her nipples and her breasts to keep the bottoms away from
her chest wall and to squeeze them together to make cleavage. While I was
waiting for the drinks I studied Julie. Her tan skin had white lines kind
of like stretch marks all over her back from the crease at the bottom of
her butt to just below her shoulder blades. Her master must have noticed
I was staring at her because he told her to get on her back. When she was
on her back with her legs open and her hands above her head I saw her
pussy was criss-crossed with the lines and on up her stomach to just
above her nipples. While I stared in awe at the pain she must have
endured he pulled her breasts back by the nipples to show a patchwork of
lines on the underside of her breasts. I jumped when he said,
  "She has to hang by her knees with her hands behind her head to let me
whip this area. Would you be that brave?"
  I shuddered,"I don't know. I don't think so. It looks awfully painful.
I would probably have to be tied."
  "She takes it with no bonds and just whimpers. She knows her pussy will
be whipped if she gets loud. Isn't that right dear?" Julie just nodded.
"I told her she was not to talk tonight. It would be out of character."
  "I understand. I was surprised Bobby let me talk."
  I loved Bobby even more for his kindness as I went back to him with my
breasts shuddering as my knees hit the floor. They were both grinning at
me as they watched me. I was really happy they were enjoying the show and
sucked in my stomach even more and let my knees hit harder to make my
boobs bounce.
  When I handed him his drink he said, "Tommy and I got a kick out of
watching your tits bounce. Give us these and you go back for two more for
you and Heather. We don't want to miss anything go back to the bar
backwards."
  I exaggerated my movement to make my tits swing and bounce with each
step. When I got back to the bar Julie's Master said,
  "You have nice tits. Put your hands above your head. I didn't know if
Bobby would approve but I knew I didn't want to make this guy mad. I
lifted my arms and he used his switch to lift up my breasts to expose the
underside. Just in lifting them the switch dug into my tits. It must go
completely out of sight when he hits with it. I began to get excited as I
imagined myself hanging upside down while he cut up my tits with it."
  I was so lost in my fantasy I was startled when he said, "Just as I
thought. The idea turns you on. I will have to give Bobby one of these."
  I was embarrassed I was so obvious and was relieved when Mrs. Manchu
came around the bar to hand me my drinks. The chains on her tits were not
alone. There were chains going to three rings in each pussy lip and
around her butt to hold her lips tight against her thighs to expose all
the inner parts. I bounced back to Bobby.
  "What were you doing over there?"
  "Julie's master wanted to show me how his switch would look on my tits.
Did I do wrong? He is going to give you one of his switches to use on me
when I do wrong."
  "No that's all right. We are all friends here. If anyone wants to whip
you tell them I said they have to ask me first. I don't want him to do
it. He isn't happy till he sees blood and I don't want you scarred."
  I had mixed feelings. I didn't want to be scarred either but it sounded
terribly exciting and I was curious to know if I was brave enough to take
it without screaming.  
  By the time I got back from the bar two other girls had come in. One
was dressed as an organ grinders monkey with a little cap on her head.
She was walking around with her knees bent at a ninety degree angle to be
lower to the ground. This must have taken a lot of effort because she was
already covered with perspiration. The other girl was dressed as a duck
and she was also sweating profusely as her master led her around in a
duck-walk. This was fun to watch because her breasts swung and her pussy
lips opened and closed with each step. By this time I really felt
fortunate being a bunny. My knees were beginning to hurt a little from
the abrasion of the rug but this couldn't compare to the way their leg
muscles must be aching.
  Then some other girls came in but they weren't in costume. They were
just nude except for their neck-collars. I asked Bobby why they weren't
in costume.
  "There is no need for costumes. Their boy friends drew slips that put
them in the concession booths. You don't know how lucky you were in the
draw. It is a lot better just to wear a costume and serve drinks."
  I heard the door open and looked over to see a fully dressed older
couple come in.
  "Bobby! What are they doing here? I thought there would be just people
our age. What if they know me?"
  "These are the people that will be doing most of the contributions.
Some of them aren't into giving or receiving pain themselves but they
love to see things being done. Most of them are hoping they will know you
girls. That way when they see you on the street they will be able to
remember what you looked like naked. All of them know there could be a
scandal if the wrong people heard about this so they will be very
discreet. You will definitely know some of the people. I know for sure
your school principal and your coach will be here."
  My principal did not surprise me. I knew he argued strenuously when the
school district decided to stop corporal punishment and some girls who
had received swats from him said he obviously enjoyed it a lot.
  "Oh gosh Bobby it is really going to be embarrassing when I see them at
school or downtown. What if they want to see me naked again?"
  "You don't do anything unless I approve it. If I need a favor from any
of them I might allow it. Otherwise you just politely refuse telling them
I have to okay it."
  At that point he called over all the girls in costume.
  "You girls will be servants to our guests. You will serve drinks and
food. You will thank them for their orders and be prompt. If you bring
the wrong food or drink, spill a drink, or are too slow bringing the
orders you are subject to five lashes. Your boy friends and I have
brought your favorite whips which you will carry by attaching them to
your collars. If you screw up you will ask your customer to give you five
lashes anywhere on your torso below the armpits and above your thighs. If
you try to ignore your mistake you get twenty. You can walk normally
while serving. Remember the customer is always right. If you make them
mad you will be punished for it."
  We were all relieved we would be able to walk normally especially the
monkey and duck girls whose legs were already shaking from the strain.
  I was the first to be punished. I don't really know if I asked for it
or not. I was serving a drink to a lady in a tight leather dress with a
spiked dog collar around her neck. I was watching her face while she was
looking at me hungrily. I hit her hand with the glass causing a couple of
drops to land on her gloved hand. She wadded up a ten dollar bill to pay
for the drink and pushed it into my pussy. I thought she had not noticed
the spill and thanked her then turned away. Just as I took my first steps
away from her she said nastily, "Wait! Aren't you even going to apologize
for pouring the drink over me. What do you say?"
  "I am sorry. Would you like to give me five lashes?"
  "No. I understand you owe me twenty. You should offer to take thirty
for trying to cheat me."
  I didn't know if this fell into the customer is always right category
or not but I didn't want to create a scene that may bring on even more
punishment. I took my whip off my collar and offered it to her.
  "Yes. Please give me thirty I know I deserve them."
  "Good girl! That will make them come out evenly. Ten to your cute round
butt. Ten to your presently white firm breasts and ten to that delightful
tight lipped pussy. I feel generous. You can choose your position for the
lashes to your butt."
  "Would bending over with my hands on my knees be alright?"
  "Let's see just how limber you are.Hold on to your ankles"
  She had me bend more and more till I felt pain in my hamstrings and my
head was nearly between my legs. Then she told me to spread my legs. I
hesitated because I had assumed this and other positions in front of a
mirror and I knew this would make my pussy very vulnerable. I gave up and
did it when I heard her say menacingly "Well are you going to do it or do
I call for help?"
  "You may fall forward when hit. My husband will hold you in position."
  Her husband knelt in front of me then reached around and held me by
squeezing my tits till they were throbbing. I thanked God Bobby had
brought the light thonged whip as she hit me across both cheeks at the
center as hard as she could and set them on fire. This turned out to be
the easiest one. She put the other nine right at the junction of my butt
with my legs only giving partial protection to my pussy. At the end her
husband lifted me upright by my throbbing boobs and turned me around. I
looked around and found we had drawn a crowd. There was a circle around
us about three deep. They were all excited by my ordeal and no-one showed
any compassion for me. Even the women just seemed consumed by lust.
Somehow performing in front of them excited me even more as I stood in
front of them with my boobs throbbing and the heat enveloping my butt and
cunt. Just as my body began to tremble with excitement I heard her voice.
  "You seem to be a hit. We will let everyone have a look. Put your arms
up over your head. At each lash turn a quarter turn so no-one will miss
anything."
  She moved to my side and swung the whip so hard it was just a blur. The
crowd and I watched avidly as my breasts flattened out at impact. The
ones who could see cheered as tears flowed down my cheeks. I kept turning
till I was back in the original position then she had me put my back to
her and waved the crowd around to face me. When they were in position she
told me to put my hands behind my neck, push out my tits and spread my
legs. The crowd cheered when I did it and cheered even louder as I spread
my legs even further at her command.I looked for Bobby so I would know he
had seen how brave I was. Just as my excitement was starting to ebb she
brought the whip around at my right armpit so the thongs came around to
hit my nipples with a loud "Splat" followed quickly by a backhand around
my left armpit. I was almost at orgasm when she began bring the whip
between my ass-cheeks to explode on my pussy. I went into an almost
hypnotic trance. Girls told me later my only reaction was gasp and twist
my hips slightly so every inch of my pussy was covered. When she stopped
I fell to the floor to clutch at my sopping pussy till my orgasms faded. 
  Bobby came over to me and carried me to the bathroom where he put wet
cold towels on my red skin. To my astonishment in spite of all the pain
there were no cuts and my skin lightened to just pink.
  "Oh Bobby. Thank you for bringing the light whip. I love you so much.
Would you like me to blow you?"
  " Actually I am not excited. I missed the whole thing because I had to
help set up the concessions. What did you do to deserve that?"
  When I told him the whole story he said. "The last ten were your fault.
I told you that twenty was the penalty for trying to avoid five."
  "Yes I know but she said I should and I didn't want to cause a scene by
arguing. Oh Bobby it was so exciting to be whipped in front of all those
people. They got so excited seeing me. I know all the men had raging
hard-ons and most of the women were sopping wet."
  Bobby grinned, "You are turning into quite an exhibitionist. I'll bet
that if I told you when I met you that you would willingly accept a
whipping in front of an audience you would have thought I was crazy."
  I thought for a minute then said, "That's right! You had to get me into
it gradually but I'll admit I had fantasies about being tied to a tree
and whipped in front of a crowd of people before I met you. It always got
me excited enough to get off when I masturbated."
  "I want to hear more about that later but right now I have to get out
there to move everybody to the barn for the concessions and you have to
go back to serving drinks."
  I asked him what the concessions were and he said they were kind of
like the ones I saw at the carnival but different because people could
win a girl to be their slave for the rest of the night. When I went back
I found I was something of a celebrity. Everyone wanted to feel my
breasts and pussy to see if they were still hot and I was getting excited
again when we went out to the barn.
  This was not what you normally picture when you think of a barn. The
whole place was well lit and heated and had a big arena they normally
used to show horses. It was very clean and smelled like a circus thanks
to the sawdust on the floor of the arena.
  The first concession was like a dunking booth but different. A girl was
tied with ropes to a beam in the ceiling and rings driven into the ground
to hold her stretched in an "X" position. A person would buy six
baseballs. They would throw them at circles of steel painted red. The
first target was pretty big. When they hit it a large leather paddle
would fly up from the ground at high speed thanks to a piece of spring
steel and make a horrendous "Whap!" when it contacted the whole area of
the girls butt. Then they would put up a smaller target and if hit
several leather thongs would cover every inch of her tits. The last
target was even smaller and if hit a leather paddle just wide enough to
cover her pussy would fly up. They weren't very good pitchers so she took
about thirty lashes to her butt and maybe twenty to her tits till they
decided to let the pitchers move closer to the targets. She was barely
conscious when a man finally hit all three targets and they took her down
and put on a collar and leash which they handed to the man. Her butt and
tits were one big bruise and her pussy was beet red even though it was
only hit once. 
  I saw Bobby and spoke to him. "Jesus Bobby that looks terrible! She
will be sore for a week. How could she volunteer for that."
  "She didn't have a choice. We have these things about every six months.
You better hope you stay lucky and just have to serve drinks."
  I shuddered at the thought but I knew deep down that I would do it if I
drew that option.
  The next concession involved gambling. Two girls were straddling two by
fours with thumb tacks glued to the top. One girl had a red tag with a
safety pin through her nipple to hold it. The other girl had a green tag.
The people bought either red tickets or green tickets depending on which
girls could stay on her toes longest to avoid the tacks. To give them
extra incentive the loser would get one lash for each ticket sold on the
winner. Whoever had the most tickets on the winner would win the girl.
When everyone who wanted them bought tickets (several men bought tickets
on both girls so they could not lose altogether) they had the girls get
up on their toes then lifted the two by fours so the tacks were just
grazing their pussies.
  Since people were too fascinated by the spectacle to want a drink I
experimented with standing on my toes. I found that my legs would begin
to cramp in a few moments and it was hard to keep my balance. The girls
had the same problem and would have to step forward or back to catch
their balance which would scrape their pussies on the tacks. Their face
would grimace with pain at each stumble. As time went on they would let
their heels go to the floor to relieve the strain on their muscles then
quickly raise themselves back up as the tacks sunk into their skin.It
wasn't over till one of the girls let herself go flat-footed with all the
tacks buried in her pussy trying not to move as tears fell from her eyes.
They dropped the two by fours down and helped them off then the loser was
tied to the ceiling beam by her arms for her flogging. I thought Bobby
was very kind as he gave the first person in line a light thong whip like
mine. It could have been worse. She must have taken over a hundred
lashes. A bad whip would have caused a lot of damage. It actually got
worse for her later. Julia's master had won her and I heard him tell her
to eat Julia's pussy while he whipped her ass with that nasty switch till
Julia came. Her poor butt was bleeding in several places when Julia
finally went into orgasm.    
  For the next event they had a girl tied to the wall with a clear
plastic shield covering her face and throat. They had pinned tiny
balloons just big enough to cover her nipples and the clitoris area of
her pussy. They had gobs of small darts made with dowels with barbs at
the points to hold them in the skin. The object was to first pop the
balloons at the nipples and when they had popped they could shoot at her
pussy. Whoever popped the balloon at her clitoris won her for the night.
They had tightened rope around the base of her tits to force them into
round balls. They weren't very good dart throwers. Her breasts looked
like full pin cushions before they finally hit the balloons and the darts
were sticking into her nipples. The pussy area was even worse there were
darts all over her lower stomach, her thighs, and lined up on the lips
till one man finally got lucky and hit the center of the balloon at her
pussy. This must have really hurt because she let out an ear splitting
scream. All the dart throwers began pulling out the darts till just the
ones stuck in her nipples and pussy were left. The people who had made
those hits had the honor of removing them. I thought they were really
mean to pull them out very slowly as the skin puckered out.
  The last event was really wild. They led in a girl with very large tits
and tied her to the ground with her hands above her head and her feet
tied just below her butt and about three feet apart. Then two boys held
her knees apart while my school principal forced two deep sea fish hooks
in each of her pussy lips and two more through her nipples. While she
laid there sobbing with the six hooks pulling up slightly on her nipples
and pussy Bobby explained the procedure. He held up a douche syringe as
he explained,
  "This contains about a pound of water. Behind the hole in the wall is a
plastic garbage can. The fish line you see attached to her run up to
pulleys and to the can. Her goal is to sell one hundred of these syringes
to you. If you get all the water in these syringes into the hole there
will be about a hundred pounds pulling up on the hooks. The event will
end when she has taken all the syringes, one or more of the hooks is
ripped out of the skin, or she screams. If she screams she will absorb as
many lashes with this riding quirt as the unsold syringes. You can only
buy one syringe at a time to allow all of you to participate."
   I watched enthralled and with growing excitement as the hooks slowly
tightened with each syringe and the lips of her pussy stretched and her
breasts were lifted by them. When her breasts had formed cone shapes it
must have become too much and she strained to raise up her body. This
didn't help since the can just dropped down to continue the pressure and
then she was committed because she did not want to add to the pressure by
letting her body back to the floor. Just as I was staring at her
stretched pussy expecting one of the hooks to tear out at any second she
screamed!
  They let her hang there while they counted the remaining syringes. Her
screams finally change to sobs as her body relaxed and her torso was held
in the air by the hooks.
  She had missed her goal by thirty. Bobby handed the quirt to the man
that was holding a syringe when she screamed. I expected them to cut her
loose and hang her up for the whipping. I was shocked to see the man go
over to the other side of her to avoid obstructing our view and began
whipping her poor stretched tits, pussy, and stomach. He was not hitting
her very hard but at first she made it worse by flinching from the lashes
which caused the can to jump up and down and stretch her skin alarmingly.
  I found myself pulling on my nipples and pussy until I went into
orgasm.
  I thought it was all over at that point but it wasn't. Bobby had all of
us serving girls come up to him and he proceeded to auction us off to the
high bidder. I was really proud when my principal got me at seven hundred
and fifty dollars as I knew he couldn't really afford this on his salary.
It turned out he only had to pay a fraction of that because he rented me
out to others. My mouth, pussy, or ass seemed to be full the rest of the
night. Since there was no foreplay or pain involved I didn't get to cum
at all. Finally five AM rolled around. Bobby announced the event was over
and began moving people out the door. Bobby and I fell into bed
exhausted. We slept until early afternoon. I got up and made coffee then
woke him by gently licking his cock and balls until it became hard and I
knew he was awake.
  "Jesus! Didn't you get enough last night? You must have fucked about
twenty people."
  "At least! But none of them got me off. I need you, Bobby."
  "Okay. Wait till I take a piss and I'll see if I can get it up. I had
to fuck a bunch of those old ladies to make the goal."
  "Did we make it?"
  "We sure did. Enough to pay for the whole thing. When it is built it
will be dedicated to you girls at a party and there will be a bronze
plaque with your names on it."
  When he came back we laid on our sides while I used my mouth and tongue
on him while he expertly worked on my pussy with his tongue and fingers.
He must have been really exhausted because it took a long time for me to
get him hard. This was great for me because I was so horny by the time he
got hard I was in orgasm long before he came.
  Next Monday at school brought a surprise. My principal called me out of
my last class to come to his office. When I got there he had me lie on my
stomach on his desk and suck his dick while he beat my ass with a skinny
wood dowel. The dowel didn't make hardly any noise when it hit but it
stung like hell. Since I just felt it was punishment I didn't get off. I
just laid there and cried. When it was over I ran out to the parking lot
to meet Bobby. I had to wait for awhile while the pain in my ass went
from sharp to a dull ache.
  Bobby noticed my red eyes from crying and my gasp when I sat down.
  "What's the matter with you."
  I told him all the details of my ordeal by the principal. He looked at
my ass and told me it was all bruised. 
  "Don't worry honey. That son of a bitch will never bother you again."
  He went into the school and when he got back he told me it was all
taken care of and gave me a hundred dollar bill.
  "Here. He gave this to me for you and told me to tell you he was
sorry."
  I don't know what Bobby said to him but it was really effective. He
avoided me like poison from then on.
  The new tennis court was done in a few weeks. Bobby went all out. He
bought beautiful cocktail dresses for Mom and me and rented a tux for Dad
then picked us up in a limousine. Mom was a little concerned about the
low neckline and short skirt but she relaxed a little after Dad and I
told her over and over that she looked wonderful. Once we got there and
she saw all the women were wearing sexy dresses she relaxed. She relaxed
even more after a few drinks and dropped her habit of holding the top of
her dress to her chest. When she leaned forward you could see both her
nipples but she didn't notice or didn't care. I was amazed that Dad
didn't say anything to her but then I realized he was flattered by the
men complimenting him on his beautiful wife.
  They were really proud of me at the dedication ceremony especially when
they found out how much money we had earned. My dad was ecstatic when
they announced that our parents would be given cards that provided full
access to the facilities including green fees for a whole year. Dad had
never been able to play golf at this course.
  From that moment on my folks never objected or checked on me when I
told them I would be staying overnight with one of the girls or going on
a weekend trip.
  I had no idea that just having access to the country club would bring
about profound changes in my parents. My Dad slowly changed from a mild
meek type to more confident and assertive. Before long thanks to contacts
he made at the club he was offered a much better job which made it
possible for him to dress better and to get a new car. Success breeds
success as he became more confident his salary kept going up to the point
he could afford to invest in insider tips soon he was able to tell Mom to
quit her job as he could take care of her easily. I could see their
relationship changing as she loved not being tied to a job and seemed to
enjoy her new status as a kept person including the submissiveness that
entailed. She loved going to the club to swim and play tennis and began
to take much better care of herself. Every morning she worked out with
the aerobic exercise program on TV. 
  In a few months her body looked great and I could tell as she wore
tighter and more revealing clothes.
  One night Bobby's car broke down. He was so pissed off his new Porsche
had quit on him he did not feel like going out so he took me home in a
cab. When I went in the house no-one was home. I remembered that this was
Daddy's poker night and thought Mom might have gone with him. I went up
to my room and saw Mom admiring herself in one of my g-sting panties and
a translucent bra. She jumped when I walked in and began to apologize.
  "I'm sorry Kathy. I know I shouldn't be poking around in your room but
your clothes are so pretty I just wanted to try some on. Your waist is
smaller than mine so I was looking for a belt when I found these. Do you
think I look ridiculous?"
  "Gosh no Mom. You look fantastic. I had no idea your body looked that
good."
  "Do you think your Dad would like it? He brought home a Frederick's of
Hollywood catalogue but I told him that was for teenagers not for women
almost forty."
  "Don't be ridiculous. Your body looks a lot better than most of the
teen age girls I have seen at school. He will love it especially with
this."
  I got a nearly transparent robe out of my closet that just barely
covered her butt and the transparent panties and bra that went with it.
  She put them on and twirled before the mirror.
  "God this outfit makes me feel like some sort of slut."
  "Yeah. It is kind of exciting isn't it?"
  She giggled, "Yes you are right. But the crotch hair peeping over the
top and around the sides looks a little gross."
  "That is easy to fix." I lifted my skirt to show my bald pussy.
  "Oh God. My crotch hasn't been shaved since you were born. I remember I
was embarrassed till it grew out because I was constantly aware of it."
  "Yeah that is a side benefit. Now that you are more sophisticated you
will find it is more exciting than embarrassing. Lay down on the bed I
will cut it for you. Dad's electric shaver works great because it has a
beard trimmer."
  When I got back she had taken off the panties and was lying on her
back. I put a pillow under her butt to get her pussy more accessible then
took my time shaving every inch of it and re-shaving it as I knew how
exciting it was as the vibrating shaver worked close to the clit. 
  She tried to stay cool but I could tell by her breathing and trembling
that it was getting to her. When I was done she jumped up and went to the
mirror and began feeling her pussy.
  "Oh Gosh it feel so strange and so smooth. Just like a baby's. But we
shouldn't have done this. This is something girl-friends would do, not a
mom and daughter."
  I argued, "We have both grown up a lot in the last few months. I think
I would like you better as a girl-friend. We could discuss more things
and be more honest with each other."
  "I suppose you are right. I really don't feel you need my authority any
more. Your Dad and I really owe you for our recent success. Don't you
love his new personality. I sure do! We were rapidly becoming just room
mates. Now It is more like our honeymoon when he would take care of me
and pick out my clothes. Later on we just became interested in making
enough money to get along and all the romance left. My buying severe
clothes to look business-like probably didn't help either." She giggled
and went on."Do you know he has made love to me more times since I quit
my job than he did for the whole year before. This isn't embarrassing you
is it? I remember when I was your age I could not imagine my parents
making love."
  "Gosh no. We are girl-friends now and this is just girl talk. In fact
from now on I will call you June instead of Mom. When we go shopping
people will think we are just friends or sisters."
  "I guess that would be alright. I have to admit that a big girl like
you calling me Mom downtown does make me feel ancient."
  "Alright June. Lets get back to the sex talk. Does Daddy, I mean Jim,
spank you?" 
  She blushed and I knew he did. "Why do you ask that?"
  "I woke up one night and heard slapping sounds and moaning coming from
your room. I thought if you were being hurt you would yell so I didn't
investigate."
  "Well yes he does. He just started doing it again. They are just
playful. It makes him feel powerful and I admit I get pretty excited with
the Tarzan and Jane scene. Does Bobby spank you?"
  "Yes and it makes me so excited I am looking forward to the next time.
I guess the tendency must be in our genes."
  "Either that or we are throwbacks to an earlier time. Years ago women
were spanked a lot. Even whipped while they were nude. I used to read a
lot of history. Some of the books have pictures would you like to see
them."  
  "Yes. Do you need help bringing them here?"
  "No there are only three with pictures. I'll be right back."
  When she came back carrying the books she said, " Wow I had forgotten
what it was like to have a shaved pussy. I could feel the breeze against
it when I ran downstairs and I could feel the lips moving together when I
went up the stairs. They must have moved like that when I had hair but I
never noticed it."
  "She was obviously very interested in the pictures as the pages had
been bent over to mark their location. They were all of girls being
whipped while tied to posts, trees, or crosses. She finally got to her
favorite. A woman with a great body was hanging by ropes that went out of
sight at the top of the picture while a muscular man with his shirt off
and a hood was whipping her on a platform surrounded by people.
  June said breathlessly, "Look at the detail in this one. Even though he
is hitting her back which is not too sexy you can see where the ends of
the thongs came around to leave marks on her breasts, stomach, and even
her pussy! Except for the pain that must have been terribly exciting."
  I was about to tell her that I knew exactly what it felt like when I
had second thoughts. This was just her fantasy, she may be very shocked
by reality, so said instead, "Have you ever been whipped?"
  Rather than answer she said, "I could use a drink. Would you like one?"
  When I said yes she went to the kitchen and came back with a tray with
a fifth of vodka, a liter of 7up, a bowl of ice and two glasses. She made
us very strong drinks with half 7up and half vodka and we drank them as
we leafed through the books to find more pictures. The rest of them
either had men or women with just their backs showing. I lost interest
and repeated my question.
  She hesitated then said, "You have to promise never to tell anyone."
  "Sure. I promise. Tell me about it."
  "Well after you were born we decided we should have a house with a yard
instead of our little apartment. Jim thought he would be getting a raise
so we overextended ourselves to buy the house. Unfortunately after making
payments for three years the company he was working for was bought out
and he and most of the other men were laid off. He had to take another
lesser paying job and I had to go to work. Since I had no skills the only
job I could find was working for a lawyer as a receptionist/secretary. I
had only had a short course in typing in high school so I was really
slow. One day I typed up a contract and transposed some numbers. He came
boiling out of his office just irate saying if he had not caught the
error the company would have lost hundreds of dollars. I apologized and
felt very fortunate he had not fired me because I had already been all
over town looking for work before I found the job with him.
  The next morning he called me into his office and handed me a whip made
of six leather thongs nailed to a broom stick. It looked a lot like the
whip in the book. He said,'If you ever make a dumb mistake like that
again you are going to get a spanking. Put this in your desk drawer as a
reminder.If you can't handle the idea I will accept your resignation.
There are a lot of women looking for work.'
  I just couldn't lose the job. We needed every penney of my salary and I
had too much pride to tell Jim I had been fired for incompetence. Just by
accepting the whip I knew I was committing myself to a whipping
eventually but I didn't think I had a choice and now that I look back on
it I realize the possibility excited me.
  A few days later I brought in a letter for signature that had a few
spelling mistakes. He looked up at me and said,'You have misspelled
collateral, contractual, and aptly, incompetence. Go get your whip,lock
the front door, and put out the closed sign.'
  When I came back into his office and handed him the whip he told me
there were thirty-three letters in the correct spelling of the words and
that would be the amount of spanks I would get.He had me lay my breasts
and stomach on his desk. Then he went behind me and pulled my skirt and
slip up over my back so I only had my panties to soften the lashes. The
first ten stung terribly and I couldn't stay still. He solved the problem
by tieing my ankles to the legs of the desk with some spare neckties he
had in the office. Then he said, 'Let's see how you are doing.' To my
mortification he pulled down my panties as far as he could down my wide
spread legs. I began to get excited when he began to stroke and knead my
bottom while telling me that he didn't know why I had been jumping around
since my butt was just a little red. Then he started again and I found
instead of being worse on my bare bottom it was better since the
excitement seemed to be greater than the pain. I became so excited I was
disappointed when he stopped. Then he told me to leave off my panties and
keep my skirt and slip up so my bare ass would be on the chair to remind
me not to make any more mistakes.    
  Before it was time to quit he came out to see if I was sitting on my
bare butt as told. I was, in fact I might have done it on my own because
it kept me reminded of the spanking and the excitement. He told me to
come into his office to check for any damage. He backed me up to a mirror
and had me hold my skirt up to my waist so I could check my bottom. It
was not what I expected at all! I thought there would be big bruises but
no matter how I twisted to see everything I could only see a few faint
pink marks I knew would go away soon. I turned my head back to him to
tell him how surprised I was that there was so few marks when I realized
that all the time I had been holding up my skirt to check my butt he had
been staring at my pussy. I dropped the skirt and blushed. He just
laughed, 'Have a good time blushing. If you don't get your act together
you will be too used to being naked to blush. Now go on home.
Incidentally I have decided that I like you in spite of your occasional
errors so I have decided to give you a ten percent raise. It will show on
your next check. I was sure that the truth was that he liked my errors
since I let him punish me for them. In spite of this I was happy about
the raise since I knew Jim would be pleased. He was so happy he made love
to me for the first time in two weeks. I was thinking about the spanking
while we made love. Jim told me that a raise really made me excited."
  "June.. You aren't going to tell me your boss quit spanking you from
then on are you. I know men love doing that."
  "Oh gosh. I am embarrassed to tell you about that. Do you really want
to hear more?"
  "Yes of course! If you tell me more I'll tell you about Bobby spanking
me."
  "Well okay. You tell me first."
  "I told her about my birthday spanking but she was not really
impressed.
  "That is nothing. Your dad gave me birthday spankings every year till I
went to work."
  " Yeah but it made both of us very excited and he made love to me
afterward. Did your boss want to fuck you?"
  "No he never did. I thought that was strange. It makes your dad
excited. I suspect he got off by whipping me since he was always so
mellow afterward."
  "You just said whip instead of spank! Did he go further than just
spanking?"
  Well it was just spankings for quite awhile. I really did my best not
to make mistakes so it didn't happen more than once or twice a week. It
was not that I minded the punishment. It seemed to turn me on more and
more. What kept me trying hard was the guilt about being naked in front
of someone other than Jim."
  "Oooh naked! That sounds exciting. How did that happen?"
  "I went to work in a dress with a full skirt and a crinoline slip. I
don't remember now what mistake I made but I was in for a spanking. He
tied me over his desk and pulled off my panties but every time he hit me
I would jump and the slip and skirt would fall back over my butt. After
about the third one he got tired of that and told me to take off my dress
and slip. I knew that all I would have had to do was take off the slip
and the skirt would have stayed up but for some reason the idea appealed
to me. He seemed a little surprised when I took off my bra too since he
hadn't asked me to do that. I remember I felt guilty or embarrassed or
both and put one arm over my beasts and the other hand over my crotch as
I stood there getting more excited by the minute waiting for his next
order. He told me to put my arms to my sides or he would tie them behind
my back. I was relieved! He provided the excuse I needed to show
everything.Now I got even more excited while I stood there in front of
him in the brightly lit office. He inspected me like a buyer in a slave
auction squeezing the muscles in my thighs, patting my butt and lifting
and kneading my breasts. I was getting very wet in my crotch when He told
me to stretch my arms over my head. When I did he told me my breasts
looked even better that way and asked me if I had noticed any changes in
the office. I looked around and finally noticed a hook in the ceiling and
some rings in the floor. He told me that he was a little tired of the way
I jumped around and spoiled his aim when he spanked me so he thought it
might be better if I was tied hand and foot. Oh God Kathy. It sounded
just like the picture in my book! I went over and stood under the hook in
the ceiling while he went to his desk to get padded dog collars to put on
my wrists and ankles. I looked down and saw there were three rings in the
floor one between my feet and two others out to the side. I think he was
testing me. He hadn't told me where to put my feet and when he came back
to see me standing with my legs spread very wide to be by the outside
rings he smiled and said. "Very good. You know you deserve this don't
you?" I didn't want my voice to reveal how excited I was so I just
nodded. I watched with growing excitement while he tied me and pulled my
arms up over my head very tightly. I watched him as he started going
behind me. When I was looking to the side I noticed for the first time
that there was a full length mirror on the wall to my right. Kathy my
body had never looked that great, ever! My breasts were high and tight
and my stomach was sucked in till it looked concave. I was so proud of
the way I looked I was wishing hundreds of people could see me. He began
fore-handing and back-handing my buns as I watched in the mirror then
began to bring the whip around like a windmill to hit the tender parts
between the cheeks of my butt. I was just about to go into orgasm when he
quit and said. 'Spanking doesn't seem to impress you anymore. I guess I
need a new target." I didn't know what he was talking about until I
realized that I had made no protest or squeals. My only reaction had been
panting with a few moans as I tried to get over the edge into orgasm. He
was standing in front of me pulling and pinching my nipples while he
waited for my answer. I knew what he wanted and I did too. I moaned,
'Yes. Spank my breasts!' He looked surprised. I may have been wrong and
he expected me to say my back or legs. 'When it comes to breasts I think
it is whipping not spanking.' My chance to orgasm was slipping away so I
said quickly, 'Yes whip them! Whip my tits very hard!" I don't know how
many times he hit them, I was having one orgasm after another and when he
stopped to cup my pussy in his hand I yelled, 'Yes, whip it too. Make me
scream.' I don't know whether I screamed or not. I had this fantastic
orgasm while my pussy was burning and passed out. I woke up later lying
naked on his leather couch. I jumped up to look in the mirror to see if I
was bleeding any where. Again I was just red and hot with this completely
drained and satisfied feeling. When he came back in I had put my dress
back on and stuffed my panties, bra, and slip into my purse. He told me
that I had put in a full day and to go home. When I went out the door I
looked at my watch and found out it was just past noon. It didn't seem
possible it seemed as if the experience had lasted for several hours.
After I got home I began feeling guilty again and cleaned the whole
house. After you went to bed I offered to give Jim a blow-job. He was
really pleased since I had never volunteered before and he hadn't asked
me for one since I went to work."
  "Oh that's sounds terribly exciting. It is even more thrilling to know
you didn't even like him and he never fucked you. Tell me another story!"
  "Oh no. It is your turn."
  After that story my experiences didn't seem so bad so I told her how we
had earned the tennis court. I left out the part about my being sold and
having to fuck and suck all those people including women.
  "Oh you were so lucky. How could they force those girls to go through
all that?"
  "They weren't forced. They volunteered. Considering what you have told
me you might volunteer if the circumstances were right."
  "Well...Maybe if I was a little drunk and I hadn't had any sex for
awhile. Speaking of volunteering, my experiences with my job got worse
because I became more and more guilty. He tied me up and whipped me a
couple of more times when I made mistakes. My orgasms were so satisfying
I could live without sex from Jim which made me feel even more guilty.
Then weeks went by with no punishment. I finally made some mistakes on
purpose but he either didn't notice or let them slide. Finally I needed
the excitement so bad I made the cardinal sin of putting the wrong
numbers in a contract and gave it to him first thing in the morning. When
he went out for coffee at ten and didn't say anything I decided making a
deliberate mistake that could get him in trouble was just too much and I
found the contract and corrected it. When he came back I told him I had
made a mistake and corrected it and asked him if I would be punished. He
completely humiliated me by saying. 'You know that isn't punishment to
you. You love it and have orgasms by it. Isn't that true?' God Kathy,
this was terrible. I had forgiven myself for the excitement with the
rationalization that I was forced into it. I had blamed him for the
punishment and my reaction to it and now he was taking it away. I
couldn't answer him I just began crying as he went on. 
'I know you feel guilty about enjoying the whipping and in making
deliberate mistakes to get them. I will relieve your guilt in two ways. I
made a credit check on you and I know you can't afford to quit especially
since I am giving you another raise. In addition to this from now on I
will hurt you for no other reason than the fact that I feel like doing
it. I know that you know your job well enough now not to make mistakes.
If you make any from now on I will just cut your salary rather than whip
you. Can you live with this?" I told him I could through my sobs and he
said, 'I anticipated your answer. I have no appointments today. Go lock
the door and put out the closed sign.          
  When I got back he had me undress and kneel in front of him while he
sat in his chair. He let me kneel in front of him for a long time keeping
me in suspense and then said, 'I an going to whip the inner portions of
your breasts. To make it easy for me you will pinch your nipples and pull
them out to the sides.' I did as I was told and he back handed and
forehanded my breasts so hard I had to pinch my nipples very hard to keep
them from being torn from my fingers as my breasts swung violently with
each lash. He kept doing it till he saw I was about to go into orgasm. I
was very frustrated as I felt my excitement and near orgasm slipping
away. While I was calming down he said, 'I feel like doing something old-
fashioned. Did your teachers ever spank your hands with a ruler?' When I
shook my head he continued, 'No? Well this won't be quite the same
anyway. Here take this.' He handed me an eighteen inch wood ruler. While
I felt it's hardness and weight. He went on. 'That used to really sting
on the palms. We are going to use it on your nipples. Do you know why I
said, we?' When I shook my head  again he went on. "Because you will be
helping. You will grasp the bases of your breasts to make them hard and
to make your nipples stay in prominence and remain in one position. I
really do not know how much this will hurt. If you can't stand it just
let go of them and I will quit.' When I had squeezed my tits hard enough
to satisfy him he had me turn so my side was to him and deliberately and
slowly hit both nipples at once so hard the ruler dug deeply into my
tits. It hurt terribly and I don't know why I didn't let go on the first
one but even this began to get me terribly excited."
  Consciously or sub consciously she had demonstrated how she had pulled
at her nipples till her breasts were nearly in her armpits and squeezed
her breasts till they were hard balls and her nipples were sticking out
like small boners. "Oh god that is so exciting! I am about to cum just
listening to it. That must have got you into a great orgasm."
  " No he cheated me again just as I was panting and sweating trying to
get over he stopped and said. 'You almost got there didn't you? Maybe
this will do it. Here feel it.' He handed me a strap about three inches
wide. It had been soaked in oil and was soft but heavy. I was going crazy
from coming so close to ecstasy twice and when he said, 'Would you like
me to use that on your puss?" I nodded frantically even though I knew it
would be terrible. he grinned at me and said, 'I think you deserve a
really good orgasm so I will let you decide the amount.' I thanked him
and told him I would let him know when I came. he gave me an evil look
and said, 'I am curious to know if you have an idea as to how many it
will take to get you over. There are map pins on the desk. Stick a pin in
your breasts for each lash you want.' Even this thrilled me and I stuck
in five pins. I hesitated a moment then decided that may not be enough
and stuck in five more. by that time I was getting really excited and
decided to see what it would feel like to put one in my nipple. That was
a lot worse than just the skin but I still stuck five in each nipple
before I said shakily that I was ready. He took me over to the couch and
had me put my butt on the armrest then put one leg on the top of it and
my other on the coffee table so my legs were spread really wide. This
still wasn't good enough for him and he had me use my thumbs to pull my
pussy lips apart till there were stretched tightly against my thighs. The
pain of the strap combined with seeing the pins in my breasts got me over
in a short time and they kept building till I passed out. When I woke up
I found he had moved me so I was lying flat on my back on the couch. The
pins were out of my breasts and were now stuck in the stinging lips of my
pussy. This turned out to be a favorite thing of his. From then on I had
to come to him first thing in the morning so he could take off my panties
and stick six to ten pins in my pussy lips. It was a miracle I could do
any work since all I could think of all day was my pussy. It was good
thinking on his part because I would be so horny from feeling them I
would usually be begging him to whip me by noon. We didn't eat lunch for
months."
  "Wow that is really something! I thought I had gone through some rough
ordeals. And all this time he never had sex with you?"
  "Well kind of. Sometimes after he whipped me he would have me
masturbate with a vibrator and if he got turned on enough he would have
me open my mouth so he could come in it while I was getting off. I never
asked him why he didn't fuck me. I didn't want him to anyway. I already
felt guilty about letting him whip me. I would guess he was afraid of a
social disease or that he would get me pregnant."
  "You must have been marked sometimes. How did you hide them from Jim."
  That was no problem. I had always changed into my nightie in the
bathroom and the few times we made love it was always in the dark"
  It has been quite awhile since you worked. How can you stand not having
that excitement anymore?
  "Your Dad spanks me now and then and since he always makes love to me
while I relive my experiences I can almost always cum. I just don't get
the earth shattering ones anymore."
  "I have a great idea. Dad's birthday is next week. Why don't you give
him a whip and offer to take his birthday spanking? Once he uses it once
he will probably do it again."
  "Yes I will do it. I took his birthday spanking last year so all we
will be adding is the whip. I'll go down to the western store tomorrow
and get some leather to braid together to make a handle. If it is home-
made he should be really sure I want him to do it."
  I went to Bobby that night so horny from listening to her stories I had
him tie me spread out and had him fuck me in my ass when he was through
whipping me.
  The next morning Mom rushed up to my room.
   "Kathy! I know Jim will use the whip! Last night I wore your sexy
outfit and it really turned him on. I told him I was naughty to shave my
pussy so the outfit would look better and I deserved a spanking. He
thought I should have a good one and used his belt. Not only that, but
once my butt was good and hot I turned over onto my back. He started to
put away the belt when I told him it was my pussy that was naughty. He
did it! He spanked my pussy till I came then he fucked me and then went
down on me to keep the orgasms coming forever! He loved my shaved pussy
and said he would spend more time licking me there now that he wouldn't
get a mouth full of hair. Why didn't he tell me he didn't like my hair. I
would have shaved it years ago."
  "Face facts. We don't tell the men either when there is something we
don't like. That is what is so great about Bobby. When we aren't having
sex we are talking about it so we can do things to make it even better
next time."
  "Yes I know. The women's magazines are always telling us we should talk
about it but if you love someone you hate to hurt his feelings. I am sure
that is why Jim never complained about all my hair."
  "I don't think it would be so much of a problem if people would talk
about it early in their relationship."
  "Well we had a long talk last night. It turned out I was completely
wrong about some things. I thought he really liked the idea that I was a
virgin when I met him and that I was modest. Actually he told me that he
had never been as proud of me before as he was when I wore that sexy
dress to the country club and all the men complimented him on his sexy
wife. That brings up a problem. He wants me to get some more sexy things
and I don't even know where you got them."
  "Well that is kind of weird. We get them from A1 Supply. You just pick
out something you like out of magazines or catalogues and they will copy
them for you. You can even design your own. Wait here I'll show you
something Bobby designed." I came back in wearing my wildest costume. The
bra was made of three circles of chains. The base of your tits were
compressed by the outer circle and you pulled your nipples through the
bulls-eye. the bottom was just two chains, one around your waist that
held another chain tightly in the crack of your ass and pussy.
  I walked out and said, "I can't wear this for very long since it gets
me so turned on. At every movement the chains rub against your clit and
pull at your nipples."
  "Oh yes. I can see where that would be exciting. I could put it on
about an hour before Jim came home. Tell me more about the store."
  "They only sell to corporate accounts. It is an IRS scam. The clothes
are billed as office supplies. Bobby would get them for you. He said you
were pretty and he would like to see you in better clothes."
  "I couldn't expect him to pay for them. I still feel guilty about the
cocktail dress he bought. I will pay him for them. How long does it take
to make them. Your Dad is going to Dallas tomorrow on business and will
be gone seven to ten days. Could they be done in time for me to show them
to him when he gets back."
  I told her they could usually do it in less than a week if they had the
right material. She had me call Bobby to see if it would be all right.
Bobby said, "Yeah no problem. But she can't pay us it would just screw up
our books. I have an idea.Your mom has a great body. Tell her that if I
get to approve her purchases and if she models them for me I will
consider that payment." I told her this and she replied,
  " Gee.. I would be almost naked but if you don't mind it seems like a
cheap payment for these lovely things."
  " I don't mind, but you won't be almost naked and it won't be just
Bobby. Two men take your measurements and since you are getting bra's and
panties you have to be nude."
  "You know me too well for me to act shocked. That sounds fantastically
exciting to me." She thought for a moment then went on, "I could even
perform for him. Maybe he would like to se me whipped. Would you whip me
for him? You know what turns us on."
  "Jesus, you are really getting greedy. On top of free clothes you want
to have orgasms."
  "Oh I know. That is awful. Are you ashamed of me?"
  "Relax! I was just teasing you. If you agree to that though it will
probably be Bobby that would whip you unless it would excite him more to
have someone else do it while he watched."
  "Oh he looks so strong. Would it make you jealous if he whipped me?"
  "God no. It would excite me because I would know exactly what you are
feeling."
  We spent the day picking up magazines and catalogues. We eliminated
everything we could buy off the rack so she ended up with a couple of
sexy cocktail dresses, a mini-dress for golf and a very sexy shorts and
halter combination. The halter and shorts had matching wide vee's at the
front with the halter baring most of her breasts and the vee in the
shorts going down to the top of her pussy mound. I called Bobby to tell
him we would be at A1 at ten AM. I had already told him that Mom got off
on punishment like me. He sounded really pleased when I told him she
agreed to be whipped in payment for the clothes since Dad would be away
while the marks went away.
  Bobby and the two men were waiting for us. Just as I had, Mom looked
nervously at Mr Manchus evil expression.    
  Bobby said, "You said you would be willing to model for us. I think we
can start now. Take off your blouse and turn around slowly." 
  Then it was her skirt, bra, and panties. Once she was naked they had
her get into very revealing poses bent over and with her legs spread.
Finally they began measuring her. She obviously was getting very excited
as they stroked her ass, pussy and breasts. She went to a new high when
they put the tape between the lips of her pussy and the crack of her ass
and sawed it back and forth.
  They were really pleased by her complete submission. Even I was
surprised when she only blushed as she stood in front of them with her
legs spread and only gasped with no protest when Mr Manchu fondled her
pussy and said, "It is nice and tight. It will be even tighter when it
swells from the lashes."
  When they were through Bobby had her kneel in front of him then pushed
her knees apart with his toe. When her legs were spread far enough to
cause her some pain from the stretching he had her put her hands behind
her neck and sit up straight with her breasts pushed out. While she held
the pose Bobby had me sit on the floor between his legs facing her. Then
he unbuttoned my blouse and began to pull and pinch my nipples. Mom
watched with mounting excitement as he pulled my tits out and around in
circles just by the nipples causing me to tremble with my mounting
excitement.
  Mr Manchu returned and announced that the cost of the outfits with the
material requested would be $980.00 and mysteriously that everything was
ready. 
  Bobby said. "We might as well round that off to $1000.00."
  Mom looked shocked then hung her head and said, "I am sorry I have
wasted your time. I had no idea they were that expensive. I can't afford
to pay you for them and I couldn't let you do it."
  "There are many ways to pay without cash. At ten dollars per lash you
could pay it off with 100 lashes."
  "Oh God! I could never take that many. I would pass out long before it
was over."  
  "My arm wouldn't last that long either. I was thinking of splitting it
up into two sessions."
  "Oh yes! If you could do it in the next four days I would have time to
heal before Jim came back. If you do that I will take a hundred lashes in
two days."
  That surprised Bobby. He must have assumed she would only accept a
light whipping. He cleared his throat and said, "You agree that it should
be severe enough to cause bruises and welts?"
  I saw moisture in the open lips of her pussy as she said excitedly. "Oh
yes! This is too great a gift for me to expect to just get red. I would
feel guilty if not punished enough to make up for my vanity."
  Bobby and Mr Manchu smiled at each other then Bobby said, "Fine. We may
as well start now."
  Mr Manchu took her hand and led her through the door. Like me she
blushed when she saw the two women at the desks and blushed even more
when his daughter cried, "Oh wow a new one! Can I watch Daddy. Please,
please, please. I have been good."
  "Yes I think she would be an inspiration to both of you. She has
volunteered to take fifty hard lashes. Would it be alright with you
Bobby?"
  "Sure. You won't mind an audience will you June?"
  "Just the word audience made her gasp and I knew she was thinking of
the picture in her book." No Bobby. I'll do whatever you want," she
answered humbly.
  When we were in the room Mom turned to stare at all the chains on the
walls and ceiling and the torture devices with mounting excitement. She
was startled when Bobby said, "We seem to have more whippers than lashes,
Would you mind taking fifty-four this time so we can all have nine?"
  "Oh yes, I don't want to cheat anyone."
  "That's a good girl."
  She smiled at that which faded to apprehension when he went on, "To
keep everything even we will each give you three lashes on your butt,
then your breasts, and finally your pussy. There are ten boxes on the
table that contain whips or paddles. We will line up boy girl boy girl
and you will hand us each an instrument. If you are lucky you will just
get easy whips."
  She was panting and trembling at the thought that all the lashes were
limited to the three areas but she made no protest when she reached into
a box and gave Bobby a riding crop, She handed me a thong whip which
relieved me as I knew it would not hurt her much. She gave Mr. Manchu the
leather paddle. I thought she had been lucky so far until I thought of
what it would do to her tits. I gasped when she gave Mrs Manchu the
"Cat". The next instrument I did not recognize. It had a very thick
handle with two metal cables about two feet long coming out of it. Mom
didn't either and asked, "What is this?" Mr Beauchene answered as he took
it from her. "This is an electric whip. You won't be hit very hard at all
with it. The pain comes from the electric shock from the coil and
batteries in the handle. Mom looked frightened and looked over at Bobby.
I thought she was going to protest but she slowly turned to open the last
box and gave another light thong whip to Mei ling who was obviously
disappointed. She said angrily, "Shit. You are really lucky. You could
have given me this." She opened a box to reveal a long bullwhip." You
could have given me this." Showing a whip made from strands of barbed
wire. "But no! You give me this little wimpy thing." 
  Mr Manchu blew up. "Mei ling! You should be ashamed of yourself. You
are lucky to even be here. Just for that when she comes back tomorrow she
will give you forty lashes with that whip you think is nothing!"
  She looked really scared. "I'm sorry Daddy. You are right I deserve a
sore bottom." 
  "The lowest part of your bottom, you will get them all on your pussy!"
  "Oh no. Please I'll do anything."
  "You will do anything in any case. Just shut up before I double your
punishment."
  "Bobby said,"Can we get on with this now? June to allow you to build
excitement so you can take the greater pain of the worse whips I will
line them up in order of severity do you want to be tied for this?"
  "Oh Thank you. I don't think I could stand the 'Cat" at first. Can my
hands be tied to the ceiling and my feet wide apart to the floor."
  I knew she had flashed back to her favorite picture and would bet she
would try to imagine a crowd in front of her.
  Bobby said I should be first since I would know how they felt.She took
the lashes to her butt and breasts really well with only gasps, the only
times she screamed was when I brought the whip up from the floor causing
the center thong to slip between the lips and hit her clit. Her skin was
just a light red and she squirmed in excitement as Mei Ling started. She
hit much harder than me but the thongs were so light Mom just moaned as
her skin became very red and Mei lings uppercuts to her pussy did not go
inside.
  Mr Manchu flattened her ass with the paddle as it mad a loud "Whap" at
each one. I could tell she was now in much more pain from her whimpers
and tears flowing but she made no protests or begged even when the paddle
crushed her tits to her chest and the upper part of her pussy went
maroon.
  Bobby went to her and began fondling her red tits and pussy. Her only
reaction was whimpers as she pushed out her hips to press her pussy into
his hand. He said, "From now on it will be worse. Are you ready for
them?"
  She moaned, "Yes. Make them hurt. I deserve it."
   Bobby brought the crop across the center of both cheeks of her ass
which brought a scream as it dug in to leave an angry welt but then only
gasps to the next two just below and above.
  Two more short screams came as the guirt hit just below and above her
nipples to make them bounce. Then Bobby just pressed the quirt against
both nipples and looked at her until she moaned, "Do it!"
  Th quirt buried her nipples into her brasts to bring another scream and
her body began pulsating.
  He brought one down diagonally on her pussy from one side and then the
other to make an angry red letter "X" across the lips then he began
sliding the quirt up and down in her open wet slit  her only reaction was
to push her pussy against it moaning until another scream and struggles
as it buried itself in her slit and the thong at the end hit her asshole.
  Bobby said she should have a break and we caressed her red skin which
seemed to help her. I was amazed to feel her pussy and find it was
drooling from her excitement as she pumped it into my hand and moaned,
"Finish me. Get on with it!"
  Mrs Manchu just used the "Cat hard enough to make blossoms from the
knots but no lines as Mom continued even grater orgasms.
  Mr. Beachene hit very lightly with the electric whip but each lash
brought screams and thrashing until he finished his three across her
pussy lips. Her head was hanging as she moaned something. I moved closer
to hear, "Oh God. Please fuck me. Make me forget this pain!"
  I was really surprised. I thought her orgasms and pain would have
exhausted her completely but told Bobby what she said.
  Mr Beauchene went to her back and Mr Manchu at front to cause an
excited scream as both their dicks entered her at once.
  Bobby told Mei Ling and I to suck her nipples and while I was doing
that Bobby stuck his dick in my asshole to get me so excited I was
sucking and biting Mom's nipples to pull them way out while Mei Ling was
doing the same thing to her other one while she dug frantically in her
pussy.
 At last Mom's head fell to her chest in a dead faint and Mr Beachene
slid down her body to end up on his knees with cum slowly drizzling out
of his softening prick.
  It was just too much for all of us. I pushed Bobby on his back so I
could ride his dick. I saw and heard Mr Manchu butt-fucking Mei ling so
hard the slaps as he banged his thighs against her butt echoed in the
room. Mrs Manchu was doing her best to lick life back into Mr. Beachene's
prick. She was successful about the time Bobby and I came and fell over
on the floor gasping like fish out of water.
  I finally calmed down enough to remember poor Mama was still hanging
there and pulled Bobby up to help me get her down. Her poor butt, tits,
and pussy were covered with nasty looking welts. She was barely conscious
when I slipped on her dress and we helped her out to the car. We took her
to Bobby's house where she could stand up to her neck in the cool water
of the pool till the heat and stinging subsided then brought her out to
caress salve on her. She had a couple of strong drinks as I watched in
wonder as the welts subsided in just a few minutes.
  Bobby asked her if she was alright and she answered, "I'll be fine . I
just feel so absolutely drained. It was just fantastic! I have never felt
that much pain but I also have never had an orgasm like that before. I
feel guilty about being fucked but it really helped me get into
phenomenal orgasms. I am so terrifically tired. Could you take me home so
I can go to bed?"
  Bobby said, "You don't have to go home we have lots of bedrooms."
  We put on another application of salve and tucked her into bed. She was
asleep in the foetal position before we even got out of the door.
  When we got downstairs Bobby was hungry so he went to the kitchen to
make a sandwich. I was much too hyper to eat. I began to think about Mom
hanging there and just had to know how she felt. When he came back I was
naked and standing between the posts with my arms and legs spread. Bobby
said teasingly, "Let me guess. You think you need a whipping."
  "Oh yes Bobby. Would you please! I just have to know how she felt. Use
everything on me we used on her!"
  " Well I don't have a paddle but I have a wide strap. Is that alright."
  "Yes It is the crop, and the electric whip I am most interested in
because I don't know what they feel like. I am going to have to work up
to the 'Cat and the electric whip. Would you give me nine with the thong
whip, nine with the strap, nine with the 'Cat' and nine with the electric
whip."
  She was right! It was a fantastic new high even though I had cheated by
working my way up to the cat and the electric whip. The electric whip was
just unreal. The steel cables buried themselves in my flesh while the
electric shocks caused my muscles to convulse. Like her I was drained and
went to sleep in his arms while he carried me to bed.
  The next morning Bobby was not in bed with me. I got up and went
downstairs. I found them in the kitchen. She was standing at the counter
pouring some brandy into coffee cups for them. Her back was naked except
for a chain coming up between the cheeks of her ass to another chain at
her waist. I realized I must have inherited my tough skin from her. Her
body had been red and welted when she went to bed but now there were just
lines of faint bruises.
  When I said, "Good morning," she turned around to display a bizarre
outfit. There was a leather G-sting with metal studs in it and cone
shaped leather studded cups on her breasts with holes at the ends for her
nipples to poke through. The leather collar on her neck had spikes coming
out of it. If she hadn't been smiling she would have looked really evil.
  "That is really a wild outfit."
  "Yes. Don't you just love it. Since I am going to whip Mei ling today
Bobby thought I should dress like a dominitrix."
  " Oh yeah! If you put a mean look on your face you should scare hell
out of Mei Ling. How is the top held on. Did you glue it to your tits?"
  "No it isn't that easy. There are holes all around the base to stick in
pins to hold them in place. They bled a little for awhile but they are
fine now. I can feel the pins moving at my slightest movement. Bobby said
I would have to take off the top before I started whipping her or the
pins would tear my skin. It is exciting to be aware of your tits all the
time. I kind of wish the g-string was pinned on too."
  "Didn't it hurt?"
  "A little but it is nothing compared to sticking them in your nipples.
Incidentally we are going to do a little experimenting with you. I hope
you don't mind."
  Before I could answer Bobby came in with a box under his arm. He was
wearing a similar outfit. A studded leather jock-strap, arm bands and
neck collar. He had a thong whip hooked to the strap around his waist.
  "Did June tell you what we are going to do?"
  "No. I think she was about to tell me when you came in."
  "We have been debating the different positions we could have Mei Ling
in while she gets her pussy whipped. I decided we would put you in
different positions and give you a lash in each position to decide which
was best."
  That was hell because there were so many delays I couldn't work up the
excitement to make me ignore the pain. They had me lean over with my
hands on the table with my legs spread then she brought the whip up from
the floor. I gasped in pain but that wasn't good enough because my ass
was getting part of it and she couldn't get the speed he wanted coming up
from the floor. Then they had me lay on my back on the table with a
pillow under my ass to raise my pussy. I gasped and jumped with that one
but Bobby still didn't like it. He took hold of my ankles and spread them
and brought them back toward my head. This time I felt pain from my mound
to my asshole and screamed. Bobby thought that position was a real
possibility but decided we could improve on it. They tied my ankles and
lifted me up with them spread wide to the posts with my pussy at her
breast level. This really made me scream so he had her give me another
from behind me. The end of the thongs hit my clit and I screamed and
began to blubber, "No.. No.. No."
  Bobby laughed and said, "I think we have it!"
  They let me down and I sat on the edge of a kitchen chair caressing my
smarting pussy as I sipped brandy laced coffee.
  Bobby chortled, "I'll bet Mei Ling won't think that thong whip is wimpy
after today."
  I said "You guys are mean. That really smarts. I would probably pass
out before I took forty of them. I agree that Mei Ling needs a lesson
though, she was really bitchy."
  "You wouldn't pass out hanging upside down. All the blood is going to
your head. You only pass out when the blood leaves your head."
  I didn't know that. I always thought that if anything got too bad I
could faint. Now I would really be scared if I was hung upside down and I
unconsciously began to caress my pussy again.
  "Oh look June. Her poor pussy is sore. Why don't you kiss it and make
it well."
  Oh God this was really perverse. She got up from her chair and I knew
she would do it. Bobby got up too and came over to spread my legs while
he held on to my nipple and put his head close to my stomach to have a
good view. Mom knelt between my legs and began to put baby kisses all
over it. Bobby said "No. French kiss it." My stomach convulsed when I
felt her tongue hit my clit and began to move it around. "Yeah that's
right. Now stick your tongue in as far as you can then suck on her clit.
Just keep on doing it." Bobby moved his head up to my chest and began
biting my nipples and stretching them out with his teeth. I grabbed Mom's
head and moved it around so she was licking me from my ass-hole to my
clit. When I moved her back to my anus I yelled, "Stick it in my ass!
Deeper! Move it around! Bobby! Squeeze my tits! Harder. Make them hurt!"
By then I was beating Moms face with my pussy as I pumped my hips as fast
as I could. When I came and let go her whole face was wet."
  Mom went over to the sink and wiped off her face with a towel and then
turned to look sheepishly at us. 
  "That was really sick to do that to my own daughter. I have never been
with a woman before. I should be punished."
  Bobby said, "You are going to be punished later, remember. Besides it
looks as if you have been punishing yourself."
  I saw what he meant. There was blood coming from her breasts and her g-
string had been pushed into her pussy to the point the lips were
stretched around the edges of it.
  She pulled the G-string out of her pussy and knelt down again in front
of Bobby.
  "Would you take off my top for me? Please?"
  Bobby began to pull out the pins. They were a couple of inches long
with round heads on their ends. There were a lot of them. He pulled out
the bottom ones first and then took out the top ones by tilting the cups
up and pulling them away so all the top pins came out at once.
  She went back to the sink and washed off the blood. There was very
little damage. Just little red spots all around the base of her breasts.
  She came back and stood in front of him with a little smile on her face
as he twisted her breasts around to inspect the marks of the pins. When
he decided they should be disinfected she only made small flinches as he
dabbed merthiolate on the marks. When he was done he began rubbing her
nipples with the palms of his hands while saying, "You have such
beautiful breasts, big, firm and best of all very white so every mark of
the lash shows. It is exciting to watch them turn from white to red when
they are lashed."
  This statement increased her agitation and she said tremulously, "Yes
my boss liked that about them too but as you can see my skin recovers
rapidly except for lashes that dig in. At that she traced the welts left
by the quirt with her fingers saying, "Seeing and feeling welts in
contrast with white skin brings back excitement as I remember how they
were formed.  He used to mark them in a special way so I would be aware
of them all day. I'll show you." 
She went to a closet and brought back a wire coat hanger. Then she took a
wire cutters out of her purse and cut off the hook so she could
straighten out the wire. This action must have been like foreplay for her
as she worked slowly and carefully to get the wire as straight as
possible.
  "He bought me these wire clippers so I could make a new whip every time
he decided to mark me. He said he liked to watch me make the instrument
that would cause me pain. I liked it too. Bending the wire to make it
perfectly straight was like foreplay to the pain I knew would be terrible
yet exciting.
  Then I would give it to him and would have me stand with my side toward
him as he slowly and carefully made five horizontal stripes across both
my breasts above and below my nipples. Then he would stop until I could
stop shaking so he could make the final one across both nipples. This
hurt horribly but would put me into orgasm.
  He would let me calm down then had me lie back on his desk with my arms
stretched out above my head to make vertical stripes to make a checker
board pattern again with the final stripes on my nipples to throw me into
another intense orgasm."
   By this time she was panting with excitement just at the memory. She
took a deep breath then said, "This makes lovely stripes. It looks like
they were made by a dark red magic marker. When he got done they looked
like targets with the double lashes on the nipples making them dark and
hard. Sometime he would use them for targets by shooting staples at them
with an electric staple gun he bought. If I went though it all without
making a sound he would reward me by licking my clit till I came. If I
yelped he would whip them while the staples were still stuck in them.
Sometimes that would hurt so much I couldn't cum so I tried very hard to
be still. Would you like to try it?"
  She handed him the wire. "Are you sure? You have quite an ordeal coming
up this afternoon."
  "Yes. Definitely! It has been a long time since I experienced this. It
creates lasting pain to keep me excited all the rest of the morning and
they last all day. You will be able to use them as targets this
afternoon."
  I watched incredulously when she pushed her butt against the counter
and reached back to hold on to the kitchen faucet to hold her body rigid
to avoid spoiling his aim. Her only reaction as the wire sank into her
flesh to leave a dark red mark was a sharp intake of breath and white
knuckles on the faucet.
  Bobby was careful to make the stripes very even. When he was done he
spread her legs and began licking her clit. To make it even better he had
me get behind her to lick her anus and the lower part of her pussy. She
was so wet juice was dripping off my chin before she finally moaned, "Oh
no more. I can't cum anymore."
  Bobby was really impressed. "Jesus! I can't believe how brave you are.
That had to hurt terribly. That wire almost cut through your skin and you
never made a sound. You are wonderful!"
  I felt left out and jealous of the attention she was getting. so I said
excitedly, "Bobby! I want to be marked too. Only do it to my pussy. I
want it to look like a checkerboard!"
  Mama tried to warn me. "Kathy, that will hurt terribly. Trust me. You
don't want it."
  Rather than to accept the honest warning I treated her remark as an
insult. "Shit June! Stop trying to make me look like a wimp. If you can
do it I can do it!"
  "Alright but he didn't do it to my pussy."
  Bobby was excited by the idea and took me out to the barn where there
were rings in the floor. He pulled my legs out to the side till I looked
like a "T" Then pushed a wood block under my butt to raise my pussy.
  My excitement and fear rose as he tapped the wire against my gaping
pussy then said, "Your thighs won't let me make horizontal stripes just
on your pussy so I'll do them diagonally.
  He went to my right side and carefully aimed the wire so the end just
grazed my thigh at the bottom of my vee with the top crossing my lips at
a forty five degree angle. Then there was a blur as it came down to make
me scream as I felt a terrible hot cutting pain.
  He was concerned and said, "Is it too much for you to stand?"
  It was! But my pride wouldn't let me quit and I just sobbed and shook
my head.
  The second was about two inches above the first and it was just as hard
but somehow it didn't seem as bad and I just squealed.
  The third cut across my clit and I screamed again from tremendous pain
coupled to a massive orgasm.
  He moved to my left side and rested the wire across the bottom of my
lips and said, "Are you ready for the rest?"
  In answer I just moaned, "Yes! Hurry!" to keep my orgasms going.
  When the last one hit my clit again I exploded in an orgasm that made
me faint.
  When I came back to my senses Bobby was licking my clit while Mom
licked and sucked on my nipples. I hurt so bad they were licking me for a
long time before the pain subsided enough to let me cum again.
   I felt very proud when they both gushed over my bravery especially
when Mom said she would have screamed more and longer than I did."
  We relaxed and had a few drinks then laid on our sides on the floor so
I could suck Bobby while Mom sucked me and Bobby sucked Mom. We took a
little nap after that until it was time to go to A1 Supply. Mom was
right. It had been over two hours since my pussy had been striped but I
could still feel it. I knew she could too by the way she couldn't resist
feeling her breasts with her hands the same way I kept caressing my
pussy.
  Bobby found a different bra for Mom that was held on by a conventional
strap around her back. It forced her breasts into a cone shape with
nipples compressed by the holes in the end. Mom said it really kept her
aware of her stripes.
  When we got to A1 Bobby slipped a hood and mask over moms head and
tucked in her hair. It looked kind of like Batman's  without the ears.
Combined with the rest of her outfit she really looked evil.
  When we got to the room Mei ling was lying on her back with her wrists
attached to her neck collar at the back and her ankles tied to ropes
leading to pulleys in the ceiling about six feet apart. Bobby handed the
whip to Mom and she snapped it in the air. Mei Ling strained to see Mom
behind her. She must have appreciated how mean Mom looked because her
eyes widened and she began to whimper. Mr Manchu was holding a ball-gag
and a leather hood.
  "Mei Ling has a tendency to scream whimper and beg when she receives
pain. This embarrasses me for her lack of bravery and might create enough
sympathy to cheat you out of the punishment she deserves. This gag and
mask will stop that."
  He put the gag in her mouth then pulled a leather mask over her head
with two holes at her nostrils so she could breathe. Her whole face was
covered so Mom would not even see a grimace of pain.
  They began to tighten the ropes until Mei Ling's cunt was at Moms waist
level. Then tied her wrists tightly to the floor so she could not swing.
The tendons in her inner thighs were standing out and her pussy was
gaping when they were satisfied.
  Bobby and Mr Manchu had his wife and I strip and then suck their dicks
until they were hard. They had us sit on their dicks while they sat in
chairs so we could all see the whipping then Bobby told Mom to start. At
each lash Bobby and Mr Manchu thrust up and forward, after a few of these
Mrs Manchu and I began to chant "Harder! Harder!" We were talking to our
men but Mom must have thought we were talking to her as she increased the
speed of her whip. By the time we came Mei ling's pussy was bleeding and
Mom was lying on the floor with both hands forced under her crotch piece.
  Poor Mei Ling had to hang there for awhile with her stomach pulsating
as she tried to scream through her nose until we could overcome our
exhaustion enough to let her down. Her pussy looked awful and I thought
she would be really mad but when she was untied and her mask and gag was
taken off she dropped to her knees and sobbed, "I won't ever be bitchy
again. I promise. I won't even whip anyone anymore."
  We put salve on her pussy and we all told her how proud we were of her
bravery. I could tell Mom felt guilty because tears came to her eyes when
she looked at Mei Lings purple bleeding pussy and would never look at it
again.
  Mr. Manchu told us later that from then on she was completely
submissive and would do anything asked of her without protest. To test
her he told her to clean the bathroom floor with her tongue and to stick
pins in her nipples. She did both without the slightest protest.
  I think Bobby was a little mellow from his orgasm and had also seen
enough carnage for one night. He said, " You and Mei Ling provided enough
excitement for me. I am going to give you a break. Pick out the whip you
want and you can take fifteen lashes anywhere you want them by whoever
you want to do it." It would have been an easy choice for me. I would
have picked the thong whip to use on my ass by Mr. Beauchene since he
never hit as hard as the others. To my surprise she picked up the
electric whip and handed it to Mei Ling. Mei Ling looked scared and said,
"Do I have to?" Mom told her she didn't have to if she didn't want to and
gave it to Mr. Manchu. Mr Manchu accepted it and asked, "Do you want to
be tied?"
  "Yes. Just like Mei Ling except I don't want the gag or mask. I want
them all on my pussy."
  When she was strung up he just touched her pussy with it and the
muscles tensed and her whole body went taut but she made no sound. By
about the fifth or sixth she began to scream but she was screaming,
"Harder!" Mr Manchu began to whip it lightly as he must have known the
cable would have cut her pussy to shreds. After the fifteenth he did an
incredibly sweet thing. Up to then he had been the ultimate Master
causing pain and demanding to be serviced but now he bent over and began
to gently lick at her clit. To my further amazement Mei ling limped over
to kneel and kiss and lick her nipples. I suddenly felt a need to please
and began licking Bobby's cock and balls until he was hard enough for me
to get his dick into my throat.
  Mom left her panties off and caressed her pussy all the way back. "Oh
Kathy. That electric whip is just wild. As long as you aren't actually
whipped with the cables it leaves no damage at all even though at the
time it hurts as much as the 'Cat". The only bad thing is the electricity
causes the muscles in your pussy to contract and they stay sore for
awhile just as any other muscle after it is strained. The good thing is
they should get stronger from the exercise and I will be able to squeeze
Jim's cock with my pussy."
  Mom wanted her body lily white for Jim's return so we limited ourselves
to just sex till he got home.
  On his birthday I gave him his present and then hung around for awhile
just to be mean. Mom became more and more agitated as I was delaying her
spanking. Finally she asked me if I would like to use her car to go to a
movie or something. I decided I had tortured her enough so I left.
  The next morning they slept in. I could hardly wait to hear what had
happened. Just as I was about to sneak in to their room to wake her she
walked into the kitchen.
  "Did he do it June? Tell me all about it!"
  " Don't be in such a rush. We have time, poor Jim is really exhausted
he will be sleeping for at least another hour. Besides you were in no
hurry last night."  
  "I'm sorry, I just couldn't help teasing you a little."
  "It's alright the delay just let my excitement build up."
  "Well my excitement is building now. Tell me! Did he give you all
forty-two lashes?"
  "Oh yes probably a lot more. We weren't counting. After you left I gave
him another drink and he patted my butt and said, "I wish this was your
birthday. Forty-four spanks to your cute bottom would be really
exciting." 
  I said, "You guessed your birthday present and it will be more exciting
than anything before. Wait here until I call you."
 I bought a couple of hooks at the hardware store and had screwed them
into the exposed beam in the rec-room.  I wrapped the whip around my
waist so the handle and thongs were lying on my pussy then put on the
wrists cuffs, hooked them into the rings and kicked over the chair I had
been standing on. When I was thoroughly stretched and had sucked in my
tummy as much as I could I called him in. His eyes got wide and he let
out a long whistle before he said, 'This is fantastic! I had just hoped
for our regular spanking. Do you want me to use this whip?' 
  I was so excited I said tremulously, 'Yes. And not just on my butt. You
can hit me all over my body!'
 He said, 'God! I have had fantasies about this.I don't know how hard to
hit you. Scream if it is too hard."
  He didn't get it. He gave me about twenty spanks to my butt and thighs
with the only ones really exciting to the front of my thighs close to my
pussy then he got so excited he ripped off his clothes and started
fucking me while I hung there squealing as he pinched and spanked my
freshly whipped butt with his hands in time with our thrusts. When we
both came he got a drink he shared with me by holding the glass to my
lips while I hung there panting. He was fascinated by all the sweat my
body was generating and spread it around on my breasts, stomach and pussy
to bring back my excitement and his.then he said, "God your front is so
white compared to your red thighs.'
  I moaned , 'Yes. Make it red too with the rest of the lashes.'
  'God really! Even your breasts?"
  I moaned , Yes. Start with them and go down to make all of me red!'
  He just gulped and swung the whip against both breasts just hard enough
to make them compress and tremble. When I moaned, 'Yes' he hit them twice
more a little harder to make them jump then started slowly down my
stomach covering every inch. When he got to my pubic mound his eyes
widened as I slowly spread my legs as wide as I could. I don't know how
many times he hit my pussy but it was enough to get me into orgasm which
he kept going by going behind me and fucking my ass while he pinched and
probed my pussy with his hands. I must have passed out. The next thing I
remember was lying on the floor with a huge pillow under my head and the
coolness as he bathed my pussy with a wet cloth.
  He realized I was conscious when I brought his face to me and gave him
a long deep kiss. He seemed doubtful when he asked, 'Does this mean you
aren't mad at me. Look at your poor pussy.'
  I looked down and then caressed the dark red skin and welts. 'How can I
be mad at you? I came so hard I fainted!'
  'Oh I thought you fainted from the pain.' He began to caress my taut
stomach and roll my breasts around with his hands then said breathily,
'Your tummy and boobies really look white compared to your butt and
pussy." 
  'Yes. Make them match. Whip me from the top of my pussy to just below
my neck. My arms and shoulders are too sore to hang again. I'll just put
this pillow under my back to arch myself for you. Don't leave anything
white."
  It was obvious that this was what he was hinting for because he began
hitting me up and down my body the minute I was in position. He didn't
hit that hard but there were a lot of them. I still hadn't reached the
cataclysmic orgasm so when he stopped I pulled my nipples toward my head
to expose the still white underside of my boobs. He whipped that area
hurriedly then pulled the pillow from my back and put it under the back
of my head to force my chin into my chest. Then he squeezed my tender
tits together and began to fuck the furrow between them with the head of
his dick going through my lips on each forward thrust. until he came in
my mouth and on my face.
  By that time we were pretty tired so I got the salve which he lovingly
applied to the whole front of my body. To my own amazement I began to get
horny again. I could tell by his soft dick that he wasn't but it seemed
like a challenge to get it up. I told him that I had another present for
him and got up to get it. I held on to it while I told him that I loved
him beyond words and that I wanted to be his slave and this present would
prove it as it was a symbol. I handed it to him and he opened it to find
two nipple rings and a gold darning needle to pierce my nipples for them.
He said he loved me too and he couldn't tell me how happy he was that I
loved him this much. Then he put the pillow under my back and told me to
hold my breasts tight so he could put them in. That darning needle was
duller than it looked and it really hurt. I wanted to scream but I was
afraid he would stop before they were both on. When they were on and I
had calmed down a little I got up to admire them in the mirror while he
pulled the pillow under his head to lay on his back to watch me while I
used them to tug on my nipples. To my complete surprise he got hard
again! He had never come more than twice in one night since I met him.
The pain was definitely worth it! I went over and sank down on it before
he could lose it. I thought the poor man might have a heart attack before
he came. He pumped with me for a long time and we were both panting and
slippery with sweat when he screamed and came. He was so exhausted I had
to help him to bed and he will probably be there for awhile."
  "Gee June, you are so brave. I hardly ever suggest anything to Bobby.
Let me see your rings!"
  She dropped her robe to the floor to show me two large gold rings in
her nipples big enough for a man to hook his thumbs in and then turned
slowly so I could trace her weals with my fingers. Just imagining how
they got there had me highly excited. Neither of us heard Dad come in.
  "What the hell is going on? Why are you showing Kathy your welts June?
Are you planning to use her as a witness? If so you can think again. You
know damn well you asked for everything."
  Mom began to cry so I had to protect her. "No Daddy she isn't trying to
get you in trouble. I know she likes to be spanked. I like it too and
asked her to tell me about her experiences last night. I'll prove it! I
want you to give me your birthday spanking too!"
  "Are you telling me I have two girls in the house willing to be
slaves?"
  "Oh yes. I'll be your slave but I am Bobby's slave too."
  "That is just great! I have had two women in this house willing to be
slaves and no-one told me. You two have a lot to make up for."
  Mom spoke up quickly, "Oh darling. I didn't mean to make it a secret. I
didn't know I wanted to be your slave till I had to go to work and Kathy
just learned she liked to be dominated when Bobby gave her a birthday
spanking. You should have known when I never objected to my birthday
spankings."
  "Oh those were just love taps. I have to admit I was impressed when you
didn't object when I switched to my belt. I want to hear more about
Kathy. Do you let Bobby whip you as well as spank you?"
  "Yes Daddy. Anything he wants to do. I love him and it excites me just
like June."
  "I noticed you have been calling your mother, June. What brought that
about."
  "We have shared our experiences and I feel more comfortable thinking of
her as a friend rather than a mom."
  "In that case you should refer to me as Jim. I plan to add to your
experiences. Now take off that robe, I want to see all of you."
  I realized I was holding my transparent robe tightly together out of
embarrassment. I slowly opened it and dropped it to the floor. Then
turned around slowly at his direction so he could inspect my body. I held
in my tummy tightly and thrust out my boobies to make it look it's best.
  I became excited while he lifted my breasts, cupped my pussy in his
palm and slapped my bottom lightly to watch it shudder.
  "I don't see any marks on your pussy or breasts. Does Bobby just spank
your butt?"
  "No. He whips them too. Only not as hard as my butt so there are no
lasting marks. I love you too Da..I mean Jim. You can give me your
birthday spanking on my tits and pussy if you would enjoy it. I want to
please you. I am very brave, I won't scream."  
  "No just a simple spanking will do for now. I will make it more
interesting for you."
  He tied my wrists behind her back and hers behind mine so our breasts
were pressing together. Then he had put me put my leg between hers to
press my thigh against her crotch and her leg to push on mine. He watched
us with a grin on his face as we could not resist rubbing our breasts
together and working our pussies on the top of the others thigh. This
really felt good and he just watched us do it till we began to pant in
excitement. 
  He stepped up to our sides and began to forehand and backhand our butts
causing us to drive our pussies into each other legs until he could see
we were both in orgasm.
  We could barely stand at the end so he untied us and had Mom lay on her
back then put me on top of her so my mouth was next to her pussy then
tightened a belt around our waists to lock us together. I really didn't
need to cum anymore but her pussy looked so inviting when she spread her
legs I gave it a little french kiss. She immediately grabbed the cheeks
of my tender ass and pulled my pussy down to her lips. In a short time we
were on our way to another orgasm while Dad watched and laughed in glee.
  I didn't hear him leave but while we were calming down from our mutual
orgasm I heard the door open and Bobby walked in.
  "I called Bobby to come over so we could share some ideas. Two heads
are better than one. I am really not comfortable with the idea of fucking
my own daughter. Maybe we can come up with something to make me excited
enough to lose that inhibition."
  They left us tied together slipping around in our sweat while Jim got
Bobby a beer and they began discussing possibilities. Bobby came up with
an idea that sounded very exciting.
  "I have been thinking about something that needs two men. It is simple
but I think it would be interesting. We can lay on our backs while they
mount our dicks facing each other then they can whip each others tits
till we cum. Their hips will twist when they whip each other and it
should feel great."
  Dad was quick to agree saying, "Yeah that sounds good, but How can we
get them to hit hard enough."
  "Don't worry about that. You will see that as they get closer to
cumming they will whip harder."
  "Great! They have already cum twice. Let's give them a couple of drinks
and a rest. I want them really fresh for this."
  They sat on the couch and had us sit on the floor while they played
with our breasts and talked about us as if we were just animals.
  "I really like the rings you put in June's nipples. It kind of removes
all doubt she is a slave."
  I said breathlessly, "Bobby if you like them I will wear them for
you.You can even put rings in my pussy if it will make you happy." 
  "It would make me happy. I will have a jeweler make something special
for you. Now be quiet I am talking to Jim."
  I looked at June's rings enviously while Dad used them to pull her
nipples out and around till she was gasping in pain or excitement. I
couldn't tell which.
  "Jim, They both have lovely big firm tits. You should be proud. I love
to see them bob around on their chests while being whipped."
  "Yeah I hear you. I like to watch them just when they are walking
around. They need to stay in shape. I think I will have them do exercises
every morning with the girls on TV. I have daydreamed what those girls
would look like doing them naked. The side-straddle hop should be wild."
  "Yeah. We have a lot of privacy at our place. We could have them run
naked on the trails while we follow them on horses. If they slow down we
could encourage them a little with buggy whips."
  The idea of performing in front of them sounded exciting but I dreaded
being run till I dropped from exhaustion. Being out in the open excited
me enough to stop worrying about it. as Bobby continued, "Dad and I run
my mom and my sister on the trails. The idea that some stranger may be
watching them with binoculars adds some excitement for them."
  When Jim got up to go to the bathroom while Bobby made more drinks I
whispered to Mom, "I won't hit you very hard if you are easy on me. I
kind of want to save them for Bobby to whip."
  "I'll try but I can't guarantee anything when I get really excited. I
just hope they don't get so excited they cum too soon."
  Bobby came out of the kitchen to meet Dad coming back from the
bathroom. He had a sack in his hand.
  "I found these in the kitchen.These clothespins might help get their
tits a little more sensitive for the whipping."
  Dad agreed and they used up all the pins in the sack. We had about
twenty pins apiece on our boobs when they were done. I know it doesn't
sound like much but the longer they stay on the more they hurt especially
since they would idly tug on them or flip them while they sipped their
drinks. Mom began to whimper a little and I asked, "Can we take these off
now. My tits are plenty sore enough for their whipping."
  Bobby made me beg. "Say please take off my pins so I can be fucked
while my tits are whipped very hard."
xray   Dad seemed to enjoy hearing me plead for my whipping so he made
June beg for it too.
  It hurt almost as much having the pins taken off as when they were put
on as the circulation returned to the spots. They teased us by taking off
their clothes very slowly then having us lick and suck on their dicks
till they were sure they were hard enough.
  It felt wonderful to feel Bobby's dick stretch the lips and bury itself
till it was pressing against my cervix. I could have got off easily just
by fucking him but I knew he wanted more. I whipped Mom's tits just hard
enough to make a satisfying, "Smack" she retaliated in a few seconds and
then we fell into a steady pace. In spite of our agreement the lashes
began to come faster and harder as pain and excitement grew until we just
fell over on our sides onto the floor gasping as we kneaded our red
swollen breasts. They must have cum much earlier because when I reached
out to fondle Bobby's prick it was completely soft.
  They just let us lie there for awhile then Bobby went out to his car to
get his special salve to put on our breasts.
  "Jim this is great salve. We use it on the horses. It stops the pain
almost instantly. Girls can take almost anything as long as they know it
can be stopped after they cum. If you really want them to hurt, you just
hold off on the salve. Once they cum they can't override the pain with
excitement."
  As Dad was putting the salve on Mom he said, "You girls are really
amazing. I would never have hit you as hard as you hit yourselves."
  Bobby answered, "It is mainly a matter of timing. You can't just start
out hitting hard. You have to let their excitement build and hit harder
as they get closer to cumming just like they did. Kathy. My dick is
sticky and itching. Clean it off for me with your tongue."
  Dad hurriedly said, "Let June do yours for you. I want Kathy to do
mine."
  When I had licked it clean I put it between my tits and began sliding
forward and back to dry it off. He really liked this especially when I
had my lips close over the head of his dick on the backstroke. I noticed
Bobby was having June do him the same way but it wasn't enough for him so
he began to spank her upturned ass with the whip to speed her up. Dad
quickly copied his action timing the strokes to hit my ass just when my
butt was at the highest position to make me go faster and harder till he
came on my face and tits.
  They had us lick the cum off each others face and breasts while they
directed us to any spot we had missed.
  By then we were all pretty well fucked out so we had another drink and
then went to bed for a nap.
  I woke up first and went to the kitchen to make coffee for all of us
and some sandwiches. Bobby and then Mom and Dad came in a few moments
later and we sat around naked drinking coffee and eating sandwiches.
Bobby was fascinated with Mom's nipple rings and sat there tugging at
them till the nipples were extended,
  "This is fascinating. I wonder how much weight she can stand pulling on
them?"
  This fascinated Dad too. "We can find out. I have gobs of fish weights
we use to hold down a fish net."
  He went out to the garage then came back in straining under the weight
of a large tackle box. He opened it to reveal hundreds of four ounce fish
weights. Mom looked alarmed.
  "Don't want her tits stretched to sag. I think we should hang her
upside down so her tits will be pulled up. Don't you agree, Bobby."
  Nobody bothered to ask mom as she looked at the box with wide eyes and
held her hands over her nipples. "Oh God! Jim that much weight will rip
off my nipples."
  "We don't expect you to take all of them. The rings would pull off long
before the nipples are torn. Just take as many as you can. Bobby, Use
that wire to make hooks for the weights so we can hook them on this."
  While he talked he made a large loop of heavy fish line to tie to her
rings. This alarmed Mom even more. She had probably thought there would
not be enough room to put many of the weights in the rings. Bobby
frantically bent wire and had about forty of the weights ready by the
time he had Mom tied upside down to the ceiling with her arms tied behind
her. When he was satisfied with her position he said, " We will quit
putting them on as soon as you tell us to quit. I don't want you to quit
at just a little discomfort though so when you say quit you will get one
lash to your pussy for every weight left over."
  I couldn't really emphasize with Mom because I had no idea what that
would feel like. I was just as fascinated as the men as I watched weight
after weight added to the loops. The first several didn't seem to bother
her much in fact she moved her body to make the weights swing like a
pendulum. She finally screamed, "No more! They are tearing!" by that time
she was wearing forty of them and her breasts were cradling her face with
her nipples stretched to her ears. It was made even worse as she absorbed
the fifteen lashes to her pussy as the weights swung an bobbed with each
lash. It hurt too much for her to cum and she was sobbing like crazy when
they let her down to let the weights rest on the floor till they had cut
the loops.
  Dad knew he had gone too far. "I am really sorry honey, I was just
fascinated by the way your tits and nipples stretched. I was hoping you
would get into the pain."
  "It is alright. It is over with now. I am sorry I couldn't take any
more weight but I got so frightened the nipples would tear. My fright
would not let me get excited enough to overcome the pain. At least you
know I love you that much."
  "Oh yes. And I love you more than I can say." He was hugging and
kissing her now and I felt left out.
  "I will do that for you Bobby!"
  "No. We have done it once and I don't want to repeat anything unless we
can both get off on it."
  I was surprised to hear my Dad say, "We could do it on a a smaller
scale. We could put weights on clothespins on her nipples till they pull
off."
  " Yeah that is an idea. Would you do that for me Kathy?"
  I thought that wouldn't be too bad. The clothespin couldn't hold much
weight and they would be pulled off before they began to ache too badly.
I said huskily. "You don't have to ask. I will do anything you want that
will excite you."
  "Well we will see what you are willing to tolerate for me. Instead of
being tied you will just bend over with your hands free to take off the
weights whenever you want. To take your mind off of it I will be butt-
fucking you since I am horny as hell from watching your Mom."
  "Oh God, me too. I will put them on for you."
  I let the jaws of the clothespins close on my nipples with as much of
the jaws holding them as possible. Dad made a slip-knot around the jaws
and then a loop to hold the weights.
  I bent over at a ninety degree angle and braced myself by gripping my
widespread knees. Bobby watched my nipples stretch as the weights were
added till he got a super boner and then went behind me to drive in his
tool. 
  I realized I was in trouble by about the tenth weight. The more weight
that was put on the more the slip-knot would tighten the jaws so they
could take more weight while pinching me terribly. I just gritted my
teeth and held on because I had made up my mind I would take it even if
my tits were ripped off. By the time bobby came I was bent over as far as
I could and there were about forty weights hanging just inches from the
floor and sweet relief. He sank to the floor after his orgasm and saw my
tits stretched grotesquely into long cones. I began to cry with relief
when he crawled between my legs and cut the line holding the weights with
the knife Dad had left on the floor. I was relieved to see my boobies
jump back to normal but the slip-knot had jammed on the jaws of the
clothes-pins so I was in agony a little longer till they had cut through
the knots.  
  Thankfully they decided we had earned a reward so they just caressed us
and kissed us till we felt hungry enough to go out to dinner. They
dressed us deceptively demure. We wore opaque dresses with scoop
necklines that looked perfectly proper as long as we were standing or
walking with short steps. When we sat down at the leather booth by the
wall facing the room they had us pull the skirt apart that was simply
folded together up to the waist so our bare bottoms would be on the
leather. Then we were told to bend forward for condiments or anything
when the waiter or any man was close to the table. When we bent forward
our breasts were exposed completely. Naturally we got great service. Our
waiter evidentally passed the word to the Maitre D and the busboys. There
seemed to be someone staring at my nipples and Mom's rings all night. We
both enjoyed being on exhibit but looked forward to getting home because
Bobby was going to pick up a couple of cam corders to make movies of us
dancing and playing with each other. We danced to all kinds of music from
slow and sexy to hard rock that had our tits shaking like crazy. As  a
finale I remembered some sleigh bells we used as christmas decorations.
We pinned them to our breasts and pussies with safety pins and did a
violent belly dance. There was still some tape left so they checked the
decibel meters on our belly dance. I had made the most noise with the
bells so I gave Mom a spanking for being lazy. The guys really must have
been concentrating hard to get good shots because they didn't get really
horny till they showed them on our large screen TV. It was really fun
sitting face out on his lap watching myself while being fucked and
imagining it was going out on the air to millions of people.
  The next morning Bobby got a phone call. He said his sister was home
and wanted to meet us. They tied Moms arms behind her back by using nylon
line from her left nipple ring around her back to her left wrist and then
the right ring to her right wrist which pulled her breasts together to
make great cleavage. Since I didn't have nipple rings they tied cord
around the base of my breasts till they looked like soft-balls then tied
my wrist to the cord. It was very effective. Any movement of our arms
hurt our breasts. Then they put raincoats over our shoulder and buttoned
the two top buttons so they could play with our pussies on the way over.
  His sister, Eileen, Met us at the door. She was wearing a sexy black
leather dress made of soft skin which hugged her fantastic body. She had
about thirty-six "D" boobs with a tiny waist I later found was only
twenty inches. Her round butt was so muscular it didn't even jiggle when
she led us over to the bar for drinks. At the bar she asked, "Why are
they wearing raincoats? It isn't raining."
  "Well Sis. We thought the locals might be upset with this."
  At that he took off my coat and Dad removed June's. She was really
impressed. 
  "Bobby! you found more girls like me. The gold rings are pretty. They
are bigger than mine. They are really pretty and have lovely bodies. Do
they obey orders as well as me?"
  "We haven't asked them to do everything you have done. What do you
think, Kathy will you do whatever I ask no matter how humiliating or
painful it may be?"
  "Oh yes Master. You know I will!"
  Eileen looked at me doubtfully. "We'll see about that. Maybe we can
have a little contest." As she said this she walked around us inspecting
our bodies. "You must not do much, Bobby. They only have a few little
marks on them. Are you getting soft in your old age?" She giggled at that
and Bobby looked angry.
  "They are just starting out. You know it took us quite awhile to get to
the rough stuff. Besides you only have a few scars yourself. I'll bet you
don't even have a welt right now."
  "God you are so right! It isn't my fault. I told my present boy friend
that I wanted to satisfy a fantasy I had where I was hung from the
ceiling and whipped. I even had hooks in the ceiling of my apartment,
ropes and a whip. The nerd didn't get my feet off the floor and only hit
hard enough to leave faint red marks that were gone in an hour. This was
in spite of me begging him to hit harder. He wanted to fuck me after he
untied me but I just told him he was a wimp and threw him out. Can you
imagine! He didn't even fuck me while I was still tied. I am about to
give up. The word is out that I am weird and those pussies are still
telling me how sensitive they are and how they admire my intellect."
  "Well you are home now and we will make up for that lost time."
  "Oh Bobby, Really?" I was afraid you wouldn't be interested in me now
that you have your own girl. Especially since she is so beautiful."
  I appreciated being called beautiful by someone so gorgeous but I hated
the idea of sharing Bobby until I remembered that sharing him with Mom
had not caused him to lose any interest in me.
  "Why don't you put on something more appropriate Sis. I want to show
off your fabulous body."
  She just nodded and ran upstairs to her room while we drank our drinks.
By now my tits were throbbing really bad from having the circulation cut
off so I told Bobby if he would take them off he could whip the
circulation back in. He agreed but said he would wait for his sister
before he whipped them because she would want to watch. Mom complained
that her arms were cramping so he took her loose too. We were sitting on
the edge of the couch with our tits up, our tummies tucked in and our
legs wide spread just as we were told as we sipped our drinks.
  Eileen came down the stairs wearing a raincoat. She stood in front of
us with a wide smile on her face. "You haven't seen this Bobby. I had it
made special at a metal shop. It was really exciting having him take the
measurements. He was willing to be paid by giving me fifty lashes.
Unfortunately they were all to my butt and thighs. When I went back to
see if he was interested in more I was told he had got in trouble with
some girl and had left town. Just my luck! He was the best prospect I
have seen for years."
  She slowly opened her coat and dropped it to the floor. I had to admire
her imagination to come up with this. A metal bar came around her butt
with a metal ring attached to it while a chain at the bottom of the ring
pulled it tight through the crack of her ass. The ring held her pussy
lips open and compressed the skin around her clitoris to make it stick
out. Her tits had rings in the nipples holding a metal ball with needles
coming out of it. You could see several punctures in her magnificent
breasts just from walking down to show us."
  "Wow sis! That is fantastic." She was very pleased and even more so
when I told her it was a brilliant concept.
  "Yeah. Do you know what is so great? My clit won't have any protection
at all now when my pussy is whipped!"
  The thought made me shudder and I began to wonder if I was really brave
at all.
  " My sister is unbelievably brave. I hope she never finds anyone really
mean. She might let him kill her. Look at this!"
  He pulled the lips of her pussy around to show scars where she had
asked him to whip it with barbed wire. Then he showed small round scars
on her breasts where she had asked him to burn her with his cigarette
while she held them in place with her hands."
  That made me really shudder. I had burned my finger once and I had
cried for hours. I couldn't even imagine being burned on my breasts and
nipples especially untied and helping.
  "Yeah but I think having my pussy whipped wearing this thing will be
even worse. I am going to have to be worked up to it by having my tits
whipped first. In fact I need the whole front of my body whipped from my
knees to my armpits. Would you do it for me. You can all do it if you
want but I want bobby to do my clit. He knows just how much I can stand."
  "Actually Kathy is first in line. She has volunteered for a tit
whipping in exchange for removing her bonds. Maybe you would like to do
it unless you have found some other girls to whip."
  "Are you kidding! The girls in my school are even wimpier than the men.
They cry over a hangnail. I haven't whipped a girl since that hooker you
got me for my birthday present. She sure got a surprise! She told me
after I took off her gag that her previous customers had just given her
light hand spankings. I had cured her forever. She was going back to
straight sex. Would you be willing to let me whip you Kathy?"
  "Oh Yes. I don't understand that hooker! How could anyone go back to
straight sex after being dominated. Bobby is the greatest in the sex
department but if all we ever did was fuck and suck I know I would get
bored. I like it the way it is now with punishment and sex as a reward
while my mind and body is most alive and sensitive."
  "We are going to be great friends! You think just like me. I had a lot
of sex in college thinking it would be better than nothing. It wasn't
though, I could get better orgasms just with my imagination and
masturbation. My favorite fantasies always involve hundred of people
watching me being tortured. They never have any sympathy. If I am being
whipped they chant 'Harder, harder' and cheer when I scream."
  "Oooh me too! I like to go back in the past where I am a slave being
whipped for trying to escape or even further back when I am a victim of
the Spanish Inquisition. I have books about that I'll loan them to you."
  Bobby broke in. "Enough small talk. Do you want to whip Kathy? If so
with what?"
  "Oooh yes! Can I use the whisk? She can use it on me."
  Bobby hesitated then said doubtfully, "I guess that would be alright.
But if you cut her the whipping ends immediately. I know how you can get
carried away."
  Before I had a chance to admit my ignorance to ask what a whisk was she
had run into the other room got it and was whipping it through the air. I
recognized it now. It was the wire brush drummers used on their drums by
swirling it on the drumhead. It was kind of like a wide paintbrush except
instead of bristles it had fine spring steel wires. The wires were longer
than I remembered. Bobby explained, "We copied this from a drummer's
whisk except the wires weren't long enough so we had one made with longer
wires to cover more area. It must hurt pretty bad. It makes Eileen
scream."
  Since there were so many wires I thought the pain would be distributed
and not too bad. After all Eileen said I could use it on her. "It will be
okay. Do you want me to be tied for it."
  "Oh yes! I want to cover every inch of those great boobs. Let's tie her
over the barrel."
  Bobby rolled in a huge wooden barrel and they tied me lying backward
over it so my body was stretched and my boobs flattened and spread out.
She finished my bondage by adding a hood to blind me and a ball-gag for
my mouth. She had me lie there while she caressed my tits and talked to
me.
  "Kathy baby. This is going to get you off so hard you wont believe it."
  She lied! The first lash felt as if I had been hit by a hundred knives.
She covered every inch of my left boob and then my right just missing the
nipples. I really wanted to see what was happening to my poor tits. It
felt like they were being cut to shreds and I couldn't scream or beg her
to quit because of the gag. Then she started the worst part. She began
hitting the left and right nipples alternatively and the pain became so
bad I began to space out and then incredibly began to go into orgasms
that got greater and greater till I thought I was losing my mind. I did
not have to take all forty as my nipples began to bleed and Bobby stopped
her. My orgasms continued in a lessening curve all the time they were
untying me and when they started to lift me up I screamed, "No let me
stay. I'm cumming! Bobby fuck me! Fuck me right here. He did and when He
had cum and I was in total exhaustion I noticed in awe that his chest was
covered with my blood. They began to put salve on me and I actually
regretted the pain subsiding and finally going away. When my breathing
was back to normal I went to the mirror to look at my tits. The bleeding
had stopped and I had to look very closely to see the fine cuts on my
nipples. The rest of my breasts were red to the point of maroon but I
knew they would be alright and relaxed.
  Eileen became more and more agitated as we all had drinks while I
rested and they took turns caressing my breasts now slippery with salve.
Finally she couldn't stand it any longer.
  "Bobby, Please hurry! You are teasing me. You know I need it!"
  "I am not going to do it alone. These are your guests, they should all
participate."
  "Oh yes, I agree. I'll get the whips. She ran to get them and came back
to pass them out as if they were party favors. She gave a riding crop to
Dad to be used on her thighs, a thong whip for Mom to use on her stomach,
The whisk for me to use on her tits, and finally a strap for Bobby to use
on her pussy. We were to whip her in that order for twenty lashes each.
She took off the balls on her breasts and stretched out on the barrel
waiting impatiently to be tied down. I told them that she shouldn't be
blindfolded or gagged so she could let us know if it got too bad. They
all agreed except Eileen. I had an ulterior motive. I wanted to see if
she was as brave as she acted. I hoped to make her scream as I had wanted
to but couldn't.
  Dad left some really nasty welts on her thighs but she just moaned and
squirmed. Mom didn't have much room to put her twenty lashes on that
short waist so she was fiery red from to top of her pubic bone to just
below her breasts, again she just moaned and squirmed. I did not know how
hard I could hit her without cutting so I started easy and made the
lashes just a little harder with each one till she began chanting, "Yes,
yes, yes, yes. On the last four lashes I decided it was my last chance to
make her scream and hit very hard. Her nipples were bleeding when she
finally screamed. I wasn't sure if it was from the pain or orgasm. Bobby
began using the strap on her exposed clit. Her screams got louder with
each one till I begged Bobby to stop.
  "Bobby, Bobby stop it. You are going to kill her." He stopped for a
moment to push his fingers in her pussy then said, "Don't interfere. We
have a code word when she can't stand anymore." I watched in empathetic
pain as her clit was pushed into her pussy only to return harder and
redder than before. Finally she screamed, "Mercy, Mercy. I can't cum
anymore." Bobby immediately quit and brought his tongue to the ravaged
clit.  When Mom and Dad took off her bonds she gripped her thighs on his
head to hold him there till I thought he might drown. In a few moments
she let her legs come down and laid there limply taking long deep
breaths. She hardly noticed when we carried her to bed and let her go to
sleep.
  My life is really full now. Bobby is going to marry me as soon as I am
out of high school. I have Eileen to thank for that. She has convinced
him he will never find anyone who loves him as much as me. Eileen and I
have a lot in common. We really enjoy drinking and coming up with ways to
be hurt and still be sexy. We still haven't managed our dream of being
whipped in front of a crowd of people. We were close at the last charity
funtion with about sixty people. 
  Every day is an adventure and it looks like it will go on for sometime.


                              The End          




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





