BDSM Library - Lena




Lena
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This girl is not very bright and is punished by mom father and brother for dumb things then put into very strict private school who is actually using the girls for their pleasure.
                              LENA
                           by Allene

and dan, bill olga
    I was born just before Mom went into menopause. That seemed
to be everybody's excuse for my being a klutz. I knew I was an
accident. My youngest brother was four years older than me and my
older brother had gone into business before I was born into this
family of yuppies. My mom and dad were successful lawyers and my
brother maintained a four point average so he could get a
scholarship to college and law school. I don't know if I had a
missing gene or what but it just didn't seem important to me to
stay perfectly clean or to keep my room neat.   
    As a result at about eight Mom gave me a big lecture about
how busy she was and that I should stay neat to ease her work and
gave me a spanking. It was not that I was a victim of child abuse
or anything since she only hit me hard enough to sting and burn
my bottom and make it red for an hour or two.
    That first spanking seemed to start a trend. The next week my
brother gave me a spanking for playing with his model airplane
before the glue had set causing a wing to fall off. He didn't hit
very hard either but he had me lean over the footboard of his bed
and used his belt which seemed a lot less personal than Mom
laying me over her knee to spank me with her hand.
    A little later I was painting on my dad's desk and spilled
some paint on one of his reports. I couldn't complain about the
spanking he gave me since I knew I should have done my painting
on my own desk in my room. He also had me bend over the desk for
his belt but he pulled down my panties before he started. This
made it sting a little more but still not too bad.
    This started a new trend. At dinner Dad said he had taken
down my panties and turned my buns red for ruining his report.
From then on my panties were always pulled down.
    Even though the spankings began to last longer and hurt more
I didn't really mind since it seemed to be the only time they
paid any attention to me. I actually began to confess to things
they may never have noticed. I confessed a lot to my brother
because he took a lot of time with me when he spanked me. After
he spanked my buns he would rub them lightly with his hands till
the red faded. It really felt good and made little tingles in my
crotch.
    I averaged about two or three spankings a week. Mom noticed I
was getting pretty good grades so decided I was ready to go into
the fourth grade a year early. The school objected but she raised
hell and had them give me IQ tests which they admitted was close
to the nine year old's.
The first week I brought home a test paper marked "D."  She had a
fit, telling me that I was smart enough to do the work and was
just lazy. I tried to explain the other kids were ahead of me
since they had third grade but she wouldn't listen.
    She decided I had disgraced the whole family. After dinner we
all trooped to my room. I was wearing a jump-suit so my skirt
could not just be lifted so for the first time I was spanked
naked. They gave me ten spanks each to make my butt really hot
and I cried a lot. Then she said, "If you are going to act like a
baby we will treat you like one."  She made a diaper out of a
towel and pinned it on me then told me to stay in my room and
study. The diaper was really humiliating and I was ashamed I had
cried so much.
    I was really grateful when my brother came in later while I
laid on my bed sniffling. He took off my diaper and put salve on
my red bottom. This time the tingling in my crotch was stronger
because there was some red between the cheeks of my butt and on
my inner thighs real close to my pussy. When he left I touched my
pussy to locate the tingle and found it made me real excited,
then I got this great feeling of release.
    I really tried to do better. I made it almost three weeks
till I was given a math test. I had no idea what they were
talking about. When I complained to the teacher she just said," I
told you Monday this test was coming, and what chapter it was on.
If you had questions you should have asked sooner." I guess I had
not paid attention. I assumed it would be on chapter one and that
was the one I read. My paper was marked "Failure." That was
exactly what I felt I was and went home resigned to my spanking.
    This time Mom said my spankings must not be impressing me and
said they would give me fifteen each. On top of that she had
bought a wide leather strap bigger than Dad's dress belt to use
on me. I was wearing my jumpsuit so I ended up naked again. Mom
was first and the strap hurt a lot more. I couldn't help jumping
around and covering my butt with my hands. She said I was being a
baby and left to come back with a pair of nylon stockings she
tied around my wrists and over my door to tie to the knob. They
weren't quite long enough so I was stretched up  with my chest
pressed against the door. You would think that would make it
worse but not having to keep myself from trying to escape
actually made it better. When she finished she said she had to
make some calls and for Bill, my brother, to put on my diaper
when he finished. Dad was next but he did not hit as hard, just
fast then he left. I was crying like crazy. Bill began by rubbing
my butt and said, "Don't worry Lena. this won't hurt much."
    The rubbing made my crotch tingle and I began to want his
spanking.
    He pulled my footboard chest over to the door for me to stand
on to take the pressure off my arms and let my hips go away from
the door. Then he pulled my legs apart and began to hit me
upwards lightly on my crotch. This just made tingles and I spread
my legs open more and pushed out my butt to arch my back to let
the strap get to all of my pussy. When he quit I began rubbing it
while he rubbed my butt. I got this great release.
    He said, "You have done that before haven't you?"
    "Yes. Is it wrong to do it?"
    "Not to me but you had better never let Mom or Dad catch you
doing it. She had a fit when she caught me." 
    "You do it too?"
    "Sure, it is great isn't it? Have you tried this?"
    He put his finger in his mouth and turned me over on my back
on the bed to stick his finger in my pussy then rub it in and out
on my clit. It was a lot better than just rubbing the outside.
    I giggled and told him it felt wonderful but asked if it
would hurt my insides. "No. If it hurts you are pushing in too
far or using too many fingers. If it doesn't hurt don't worry
about it."
    I told him I liked to have him spank me since it just stung a
little and tingled.
    "I like to spank you. It is fun to watch your lily-white butt
turn pink then red but I have to get out of here before Mom and
Dad wonder why I am in here so long."
    I tried the new way to play with myself and liked it a lot. I
still do. I don't know if all the stimulation caused it or not
but I began to blossom. Hair began growing on my pussy and my
breasts got bigger.
    Now that I knew I could get nice spankings from Bill I was
confessing things all the time until he began doing it whenever
we were alone. It really was exciting because he made me feel
good by having me get naked and telling me that I was getting a
great body. Best of all he would rub my nipples while he spanked
my butt and pussy until I would get orgasms. I really tried hard
to avoid Mom's spankings though because she would just bare my
butt and hit much harder which seemed to get worse all the time.
even so I brought home another "Unsatisfactory."
    To my surprise Mom just said, "That's alright. I know you
need extra help. On Monday you will be going to a private school.
A friend has her girl in there and she said she is now an "A"
student. If she can do it you can. This is a very innovative
school. Two grades are taught in each class. If you can do fourth
grade work you will go directly to fifth grade and if in that
class you can do sixth grade work you will skip to seventh. I am
told that the girls are often doing eighth grade work by their
fifth year. If they can do it you can. Best of all they do not
have the wimpy rules of your school. They believe in spankings
like me to make you work.
    That gave me mixed feelings. I was afraid they may hurt me
more but Bill's compliments of my nude body made me proud and I
wondered if they would like it too.
    Monday I went to the new school. It was a lot different than
the public school. Even with two classes to the room there were
only twenty students. I thought it was a little strange that
although it was a girl's school all the teachers were men.
    At my interview with the principal I was told the school went
from nine AM to four thirty with a half hour lunch. This was an
hour and a half longer than the public school. I was to wear a
uniform consisting of a blue jumpsuit and rather than regular gym
classes we would learn ballet, modern dance, and swimming. We
were to maintain our weight according to our height and if we got
too fat or thin we would be put on a diet. Then he said sternly."
We believe in corporal punishment and so do your parents. Do you
know what that means?"
    "Yes sir. If I am bad I will be spanked."
    "Not just that. You will be spanked for disobedience, late
work and poor work."
    He sent me to class. I felt real out of place because
everyone but me were in jump-suits. My mom had sent mine to a
tailor and they had not come back in time.
    The teacher said that since I was coming in late I would be
doing extra homework till I caught up. If I wasn't caught up by
Friday I would be penalized for late work. Then he gave me the
rules on grades. "You will never get less than twenty spanks.
Each point under one hundred counts a spank. If you always get
hundreds you will never get spanked but if you get eighty every
day you will get spanked every day. Then he gave me a ton of
homework to catch up. He said I should be able to do it with
three hours of study each night.
    I could see that I would learn a lot more here than in public
school. The teacher was always around to help and told us if we
wanted extra help he would stay after school to help. We never
had to read entire chapters. He had marked all the important
stuff in our books.
    "During lunch period I met Mary. "Hi. I'm Mary. You are
obviously Lena the new girl. Why aren't you wearing the uniform?"
    "My Mom is having it tailored."
    "You must be a rich girl. There are only two kinds here, rich
girls or delinquents. I am a rich girl too. I suppose both your
parents have careers."
    "Yes they are both lawyers."
    "Dad's a doctor and my mom is a hospital administrator
whatever that is. They are happy to pay the big bucks to have
this school babysit me all day and make me obedient.  I have told
them about the beatings but they just say that if I am spanked I
must deserve it. Speaking of that. get serious about your study
they aren't kidding about punishment and believe me you won't
like it. You can't avoid it altogether. I just hope to keep it
down to once a week."
    I said, "It should be pretty easy to get good grades. The
teacher helps a lot more than in public school."
    "Yeah you get more help but there is a lot more work too.
Don't forget the homework grades count too. For God's sake don't
sass the teacher. I made that mistake. I was sent to the
principal. He is so mean it is unreal."
    We talked some more then arranged to meet for the weekend.
    Gym class was much better than the dumb calisthenics and
games in public school. On Monday it was ballet, Tuesday was
aerobic dancing, Wednesday modern dance, Thursday  gymnastics,
and Friday swimming. It was embarrassing at first since we just
wore white leotards that became transparent when they got wet
from perspiration and they always got wet. In the swimming class
we were naked because the teacher said it caused less drag so we
could swim faster. Since everyone but the teacher was naked I got
used to it. Unfortunately we were graded on that too and it took
a while for me to learn to be graceful. Our teachers had to have
many talents. The same teacher taught all our classes. At first
it seemed strange for him to be in the shower room with twenty
naked girls but he said if he didn't supervise we might horseplay
and slip and fall hurting ourselves. 
    At three thirty we were tested on the daily work. I was
really pleased to get an overall score of ninety seven. With the
ten points I had lost in ballet I only owed thirteen so I was
alright for today and I thought I would do better tomorrow.
    Two girls weren't so lucky. The teacher announced one had a
seventy eight and the other had a seventy six. I was really
curious about whether he would take them over his knee for a hand
spanking or use a strap bent over his desk. I decided neither
would hurt much over that thick uniform. I was wrong on
everything. 
    I found out there was a regular ritual. The girl with the
least spanks coming was first. She began sniffling as she got out
of her chair. His desk was a step up from the main floor. He sat
on the edge of the desk while she went to a closet and brought
back a whip with a handle about a foot long and four leather
belts coming out of the end a little smaller than Dad's dress
belts.
    She went over in front of him, got on her knees then held up
the whip in both hands and said with a quaver, "I have been a bad
girl. Please give me twenty two lashes with this whip."
    When he reached out for it she kissed his hand then began
taking off the uniform. She took off her panties too. He gave her
a couple of pieces of rope. She pulled two rings out of the floor
then spread her legs to tie her ankles to the rings. Meanwhile he
pushed a button and a flap opened in the ceiling and two ropes
with what looked like dog collars except they were lined with
sheepskin slowly began to descend. She held out her hands for him
to buckle on the collars then he pressed another button and the
ropes began rising till her heels were pulled off the floor.
    He stayed in front of her and brought the whip around her
side to have the ends of the belt hit her butt until it was awful
red then began wrapping it around her thighs just below her
crotch. Finally he stepped closer to her and it was obvious the
ends were hitting the front of her body. One must have been
especially bad because she kind of "Yipped". He stopped and said,
"Remember that we don't want to make a fuss. If you scream you
will be gagged and get ten more. "She sobbed,"I'm sorry. That one
hit my pussy!"
    He had no sympathy for her, "It won't be the last time that
happens."
    He went on to give her the last four lashes. He must have
aimed for her pussy because she made little "Yips" with each one.
    Her body shuddered with her sobs as he lowered the rope to
unbuckle her wrists. When she bent over to untie her ankles I saw
red lines crossing her hairless pussy.
    The next girl was about the same except she didn't have to go
to the closet for the whip. She was braver though. she didn't
cry. she just made little moans at each lash.
    After the whipping was over we were to use the remaining time
to help each other in our studies, or read. It was hard to
concentrate on anything after seeing them whipped. It was
strange. Seeing that should have horrified me but at the same
time I was excited at the idea of being tied helpless and naked
for a whipping that I knew could be more exciting than
painful.The teacher left the room shortly after the whipping
telling us to leave when the bell rang.
    When I got home I found my jump-suits had been delivered. I
went up to my room to try them on but before I put them on I
could not resist standing in front of my mirror with my arms
raised and my legs spread to try to imagine what the girls felt
like being tied that way. With my legs spread I could see how
easy it would be for the lashes to hit my pussy. I shuddered at
the thought. Bill had just hit it easy and it had stung, as hard
as they hit it would really hurt. I was sure it would not cause
the excitement I got from Bill.
    The jump-suits fit okay so I left it on to show Mom.
    When she got home I showed her all my work which were all one
hundreds except the ninety-eight paper. She was real happy and
said, "I knew you could do it with a little motivation."
    "Mom. I can't go to that school. It is scary. They don't just
spank girls they hang them up by ropes and whip them."
    She had me describe the whip then said, "That doesn't sound
bad. You said the belts were smaller than your Dad's. That whip
will just cover a little more area so it won't leave bad welts.
You should be glad they don't use a blackboard pointer like the
nuns used on me. It left terrible welts. Don't be a baby."
    I hoped to get some sympathy from Dad but before I got a
chance to tell him Mom said, "Lena did excellent at school. Her
lowest paper was a ninety-eight. She told me the girls were
spanked with a wimpy little whip. It must have scared her because
she really went to work."
    He laughed and said, "Way to go Lena. Maybe we should have
bought a whip. It must be more frightening than a belt."
    "Dad! It really hurts. The girls were crying and they do it
on the bare skin!"
    "That doesn't surprise me. You bawl and carry on with a
little belt spanking that barely turns your skin red. I'll bet
the girls were crying before they were even hit."
    "Well yes, but it was because they knew how bad it would
hurt."
    "Well if you come home with some bad bruises I will talk to
them. Otherwise if you don't do well you will just have to accept
them."
    The next day at gym we did aerobic dancing. We wore the same
elastic white tights we used for ballet. By the time we got all
sweaty we might as well have been naked. They became transparent
and since the legs were cut up so high on the legs the bottoms
all crept into the crack of our butts to leave them bare. I
really felt like a klutz. The other girls went from one exercise
to the other like the chorus lines in movies. I was always
getting confused and having to catch up.
    At the end of the class the teacher stopped me after my
shower to tell me I needed to practice at home. The best grade he
could give me that day was a seventy. I was good enough at math
to know I was facing forty two lashes counting my other grades
under one hundred. I had never gotten more than thirty spanks
before and watched in dread as the clock hands moved forward. If
that wasn't bad enough, one of my tests was a ninety seven. I
just moved up to forty five.
    When all the marks were in his grade book he stood up and
said, "Lena has not done well today. She will get forty five
lashes." There was a collective gasp from the other girls and
everybody turned to look at me with sympathy or excitement on
their faces as I got up to move toward the closet with shaky
legs.
    I remembered the ritual and gave him the whip with the kiss
to his hand. I was so scared I had trouble getting the buttons
unbuttoned and making the knots at my ankles. He was waiting
impatiently with the collars when I straightened up and held out
my hands for them.
    Surprisingly it felt kind of good to be stretched. The padded
collars didn't hurt my wrists.
    Then the teacher did something differently than he had the
other girls. He said, "Since this is your first time and you are
getting so many lashes I won't hit as hard as normally and I will
spread out the lashes so you won't be hit on alrady sore skin.
You will be hit here." At that he caressed my butt. "Here." and
he caressed my thighs, "And here." at that he slid his hand up
from my crotch over my tight belly and across both of my boobs
that I was so proud of. Not surprisingly that felt good since it
reminded me of my brother caressing me. 
    I had my eyes closed when I felt a sting and burn to my butt.
It shocked me and I cried "Ow!"  He stopped to say, "Will you
need the gag?" I certainly did not want that with the extra ten
lashes it carried. I shook my head and promised to be quiet. I
managed to keep my responses to just gasps and moans as the
spanking went on seemingly forever. I found the ones to my tender
inner thighs hurt the worst. It was a relief when the next lash
hit my lower stomach. Then a strange thing happened. As I watched
the thongs slowly working up my tummy to my boobs over the pain I
felt my pussy begin to tingle as it did when I played with
myself. When I watched the lashes making my boobies jump the
excitement rose dramatically to increase as lashes began hitting
my pussy. At the last lash where the ends hit right on the tiny
slit of my pussy I got this great release and hung by the ropes
with my head down, panting and trembling.  
    He untied my ankles allowing me to squeeze my legs together
compressing the tender lips of my pussy. Then he lowered the
ropes and unbuckled the cuffs as I stood there trembling.
    He handed me my clothes and watched me put them on. When I
pulled my panties tight against my pussy I gasped and he grinned
at me seeming to know what I was feeling.
    When school was out I found out I was a heroine. The other
girls gathered around me and gushed over how brave I was. It
turned out no-one had ever taken that many lashes without
fainting or having to be gagged. Naturally I never told them that
it had only hurt at first and then became so exciting I had an
orgasm. I just enjoyed my new popularity. Even some of the older
girls went out of their way to say hello.
    I was only two blocks from home. As I walked it I swore I
could feel the lips of my pussy moving. My brother was home and
said Mom and Dad were eating in town so they would be home later
and for me to put a TV dinner in the microwave. I was too excited
to eat so I watched cartoons then went up to my room to do
homework.
    I couldn't concentrate on my books, as much as I tried. I 
kept reliving my experience keeping me in a state of excitement.
Suddenly my train of thought changed. I remembered the teacher
grinning at me as he lashed me and assumed he realized I came to
enjoy the pain and that he had hit me easy. This made me think
that since the whole idea of the lashing was to punish me he may
decide to hit me much harder next time. I had barely been able to
ignore the pain because of excitement with that lashing. The
possibility of a harder one frightened me. To make matters worse
I began to fantasize about being beaten with baseball bats or the
nasty wood pointer Mom had described. I began to sniffle at the
thought. I heard my parents cars coming into the driveway and ran
down to meet them at the door crying. Mom asked what was wrong
and I sobbed I had been whipped at school and they had to take me
out of there.
    Dad said, "You remember what I said. Show us the marks."  
    I saw Bill looking at us from the stairs. I wanted him to see
the terrible things they had done to me too. I took off the
jumpsuit and pulled off my panties then turned my back to them
and said, "Do I need to go to the doctor?"
    Dad laughed! "What the Hell for. It is just pink."
    I couldn't believe that. I ran to the mirror to look for
myself. He was right and when I looked at my front there were
only a couple of little bruises on my pussy."
    I began to defend myself, "It was terrible really! It is just
that it was four hours ago and it healed."
    My brother was no help at all, "She is really a little
phoney. She was not bawling at all when she came home. She just
watched cartoons with no complaints. She didn't start bawling
till you came home."
    Mom was mad, "You remember what I said about the school whip
getting you to study where our belt didn't?" Well I got a whip we
can use at home." She pulled a whip out of a bag that was kind of
like the schools except the thongs were made of like leather shoe
strings braided together.
    Dad took it from her and said, "I think we should use this to
let her know what a real whipping is like."
    Mom agreed and held me down over an overstuffed chair while
he hit my ass with it. The pain was ten times as bad as the
school whip. Thankfully he only hit me five or six times before
Mom let me up and I ran screaming and bawling to my room. Mom
followed me. "Alright young lady. You have an extra incentive to
study. Anytime your school believes you need a spanking you will
get another at home."
    That really scared me, If they planned to give me as many
lashes as the school I wouldn't have any skin left on my ass. I
realized I would not be able to tell them about a school spanking
no matter how bad it was."
    My brother was real sweet. A little later he came into my
room to put some salve he had bought to put on the dark red
stripes on my butt. He rubbed a long time  and the pain went away
just leaving a nice heat and the start of the tingling to my
pussy. If I had of been a cat I would have been purring. Then he
went to the bathroom to get a towel to put on my bed so I could
lie on my back without staining the sheets. He told me Mom and
Dad had gone to bed which didn't surprise me since they had to
get up at five-thirty to beat the traffic into the city. He asked
me if I wanted him to help me with my school work. With his help
I was done in about an hour. He helped me from then on so I
always got nothing but hundreds on my homework.
    I had pulled the towel over my hips and laid on my side to do
the work. When we were done he rolled me over on my back and
pulled off the towel. He squeezed my budding breasts and said I
was getting to be a big girl. I said, "They spanked my boobies
too and it made them swell up. Do you think whipping them will
make them bigger?" 
    "I don't know. Maybe. Tell me all about your whipping."
     Rather than making him feel sorry for me my story just made
him excited and when I said at the end they hit my pussy he was
so excited he was kind of panting and touched my pussy. I lifted
my hips to push it toward his hand. He grinned and said, "Have
you been playing with it a lot."
    "Oh yes. It feels wonderful."
    "I like it too. Let's play with each other"
    He took off his clothes. I was fascinated by his hard dick. I
had never seen one before. He put his head to the foot of the bed
so we could both use our right hands. He showed me how to wrap my
fingers around his dick then move my hand up and down while he
put his finger in my pussy. His finger was a lot bigger than mine
and it felt wonderful as his knuckle rubbed against my clit. In a
little while he began to pump his finger in and out faster so I
did too. Just as I got a release white stuff that looked like
snot shot out of the head of his dick to land on his stomach. I
had received absolutely no sex education so I asked him what it
was. He explained that it was semen and that was what caused
women to have babies. He ended up getting his health book from
his room and told me all about sex and menstruation and
pregnancy. He also said I did not have a hymen. I did not know
what that was either so he explained that, telling me I had
either torn it while playing with myself or I had never had one
which is fairly common. He also said that until I started
menstruating he could put his dick in my pussy since I couldn't
get pregnant.
    I said that it was way too big to go in there but he
explained that I just had to get it wet with my spit like he had
his finger. I began to lick it and it got really hard. Then he
laid on his back and told me to slide it in my pussy while I
straddled him so I could slide it in as slow as I wanted. I found
my pussy would stretch around it and in a few seconds I was
sitting on his thighs. Then he pinched my nipples in his fingers
and began pulling them up and down I followed with my body and it
felt wonderful! I got a release he had called an orgasm and
another just as he made a face and let go of my tits to push down
on my hips as hard as he could.
    From then on we fucked almost every night after our parents
went to bed.
    I don't know if the fucking caused it or what but my body
began developing rapidly after that with my boobies growing
almost daily and wisps of hair growing on my pussy. I noticed
three other girls at gym were developing too so we became best
friends. They were as ignorant about sex as I had been so it was
fun to be the expert and explain everything. I found out all of
us played with our pussies which seemed to explain our
development. We felt superior to the flat-chested girls who
obviously did not know our secret.
    Bill was really smart. Thanks to him helping with my homework
and teaching me study tricks I got hundreds all the time. Mom was
delighted and stopped nagging me about my sloppy room.
    Just because I made good grades did not save me from
whipping. I was still a klutz at gym classes.
    I was dreading my next whipping still thinking he would hit
me a lot harder. I needn't have worried. I had thirty coming the
next time. He didn't hit any harder but he did move closer sooner
so more of them stung my boobs, my lower stomach, and pussy. I am
sure he knew it caused me to have orgasms but he never said
anything about it. The reason I think he knew was because he
became so expert at making me cum. He would hit my pussy longer
and as I got excited he would hit it faster and harder till I got
fantastic climaxes.
    Even though I loved the whipping I was bothered by my friends
kidding me about being so clumsy so I asked Mom to buy some
exercise and ballet tapes so I could practice at home. She also
got me another leotard to use. I would work at the tapes while
Mom was getting dinner. It was fun because it made Bill excited
especially when I was sweaty enough to make the leotard
transparent. It made Dad excited too. Sometimes he would take Mom
to bed right after dinner and we would hear them in there with
him grunting and her making little squeals.
    It helped my classes a lot. Too much! I started going almost
all week without a whipping. I finally told the teacher I felt
bad about being so clumsy and offered to take twice as many
spanks. They still referred to our whipping as spanking. That 
allowed me to get back to a whipping two or three times a week.
    At first I thought I must be crazy to be excited by pain but
when two of my friends also admitted they enjoyed them we
rationalized that we were just very brave and special and that
the girls that just cried were cowards. 
    Mom had hung my whip on my wall at the foot of my bed so I
would see it the first thing in the morning and the last thing at
night to remind me of the consequences if I let my grades slip.
She never got to use it on me because they did not grade gym.
They just reported it as satisfactory or not and I was okay
because the teacher would add the extra spanks I had volunteered
for to my grade.
    One night Bill had an idea he said would be silent. He took
my whip and held the handle in his left hand then gripped the
thongs in his right so only about eight inches of it protruded
from his fist and then used it to hit me easy on my nipples and
pussy until it was really red and my clit would harden enough to
let thongs hit it. This became my foreplay. Sometimes before, he
would cum before I was ready but now I was so excited when he put
his dick in me I would start getting orgasms in seconds.
    One day Mom told Bill to dust the book shelves since he was
now taller than her. On the top shelf he found a book called "The
Kama Sutra."  That was great! It showed us a lot of new positions
and also taught us to mutually suck each other.
    One Friday my folks said they were going to spend the weekend
at a friends house and said it would be no fun for us so we would
stay home. There were microwave dinners and a roast in the oven
for sandwiches.
    I had always described my and the other girls whipping in
detail for him since it made him excited. They were hardly out
the door before he said, "You know the stories you told me about
the whipping really made me excited. I wish I could see it once.
It would be more exciting if you were tied."
    I said, "We can't. We don't have any rope and my whip would
hurt too much to let me have an orgasm."
    "I have thought about that. Mom threw away some sheets and I
saved them. We can cut them in strips and braid them into ropes.
I watched them hang the chandelier, it has a huge hook that will
support you easy. I took a big dowel from wood shop. I can slit a
couple of my old belts in two to nail to it. It should just turn
you red."
    The idea excited me and I knew it would really excite him so
I agreed.
    He got the sheets and helped me cut them in strips then left
me to make the whips while I braided. It seemed extra exciting to
know I was making rope to tie me and make me totally helpless and
at his mercy. I didn't have to worry about a specific number of
lashes because I knew he would whip me until I couldn't cum
anymore. I had never found out how many orgasms I could have in a
row and was anxious to find out. Also now I would not have to be
silent I could scream all I wanted since we had no close
neighbors and I could tell him to hit me harder if I needed it.
    He finished the whip before I had finished the rope. It made
me wet just looking at it. He had sliced his belt into six narrow
strips the length of his waist, thirty two inches. Each braid as
the rope got longer increased my excitement. 
    Since we didn't have any rings in the floor he had me stand
on a heavy marble-topped coffee table so he could tie my legs to
the legs at the ends. This brought my feet about three feet apart
and he told me that the lips had opened a little on my pussy. I
wanted to see it and also realized I had never seen myself
getting whipped so I asked him to bring in Mom's free standing
three way full length mirror. He was right. The slit of my pussy
had opened slightly but I wanted it open even more. I was curious
to know how the thongs would feel if they could actually get to
the pink inner lips and my oh so sensitive clitoris.  I had him
pull my legs apart until my feet were at the edge of the table.
My tendons in my inner thighs showed as my legs trembled from the
strain and pussy opened to show all the inner lips and an opening
big enough to put in his thumb. He could not resist doing that
which made my clit hard enough to make a bulge. My excitement
rose just at the sight of my pussy so vulnerable to the lash. My
only other request was that he get naked too so I could watch him
get excited. There was nothing to see. He was already rock-hard
just anticipating what was going to happen. He got the kitchen
stool to put our make shift rope over the chandelier hook and
pulled it down to stretch me. I had him pull harder fascinated to
see my boobs raise and tighten into hard balls as my stomach went
concave and my waist shrunk. I didn't let him stop until my
joints began to dislocate and real pain began. He tied the end to
the legs of a heavy cabinet and grabbed the whip but I asked him
to wait a moment so I could gain more excitement from the pain
and the sight of my body so helpless.
    He really made me feel proud. He felt all over my body and
said, "Jesus Sis, you are more beautiful than ever stretched like
that. Look at yourself in the mirror." I had been and knew I
looked great. I pictured myself in front of a large crowd of
people who would be cheering. I was proud of my body anyway now
that I had boobs and was so firm from gym classes and working out
with the tapes but now my stomach was even flatter and my tits
pointed up proudly. My pussy lips were open as wide as possible
without pulling them open more with fingers. I wondered how the
whip would feel with the thongs going inside. I told him the
teachers would start on my butt, then my thighs, then my lower
stomach and finally my pussy.
    He said, "I want to add one more thing. I am going to whip
your tits too. I'll do your butt,thighs,tits, and then work down
your stomach to your pussy."
    I said. "That will probably hurt a lot but I want you to hit
fairly easy at first then harder until I am screaming. Ignore my
screams even if I beg you to quit unless I scream 'Mercy.' That
word will mean I can't take anymore. I want to take at least
fifty lashes. That will be five more than the amount I took at
school. Give me fifty even if I yell 'Mercy' Keep giving them
after that until I yell 'Mercy.' I want to know how much I can
stand. If by twenty the whip is not leaving welts you will know
you need to hit harder. I want to see my skin striped."
    He stood at my side to do my butt so I could see the whip
coming and brace myself. The whip he made was perfect! It stung
and brought on heat but no deep pain like my braided whip. He
must have thought I could take sixty because he gave me fifteen
to my butt. When he finished with my butt he began encircling my
thighs with the whip for another fifteen. I could see it coming
through my legs just scraping on the bottom of my pussy. Then he
started on my tits. By then it was leaving stripes and we both
were excited by the way they compressed and shuddered at impact
but my excitement really took off as the whip slowly moved down
my stomach closer and closer to my pussy. I began to cum just as
the first lash came across it but then he went behind me and
began bringing it up between my legs so I could see as well as
feel one or more thongs bury themselves in my slit.
    At ten on my pussy I had a massive orgasm and screamed, "Hit
my tits and start down again!"
    My orgasms continued as stripe after stripe made my tits
distort then swell. Then he started down then stepped back so
just the tips of the whip dived into my pussy ripping the lips
wide open until I was so overcome I moaned "Mercy".
    New kinds of orgasms started because he got so excited he
jumped up on the table facing me and began pumping into my now
sopping wet and tender pussy while holding on to my shoulders and
biting my nipples. I don't think I ever came that hard again. I
still think about it when I want to masturbate.
    After he came we were both dripping sweat and I was burning
hot so we took a cool bath together in Mom's big tub. He really
made me proud by saying, "God! You are awesome. You took over
sixty lashes as hard as I could give them before you moaned
'Mercy'. It was perfect since I was going to quit then anyway."
    We washed every part of each other's bodies. We were both
amazed to see my redness and welts going away from the cool water
and his caresses. Then we laid back to enjoy the swirling water
when he turned on the jets. That was a mistake, all the soap we
had used to wash each other began to foam like crazy and began to
run over the top. We wasted about an hour of our time together
cleaning up the mess. When I was laying over the edge of the top
to wipe up the bottom he began to play with my pussy then he
stuck his dick in me. It was great! It seemed like he could get
in further than ever that way and it left his hands free to pinch
my nipples and clitoris. He came before I did so I told him I
would like to do it again that way only he should make me hot
first by slapping my pussy with his whip.
    He was fascinated by the rope I had made. He tied me tightly
lying in a back bend over the top of the couch then slapped my
pussy with his whip till I began to moan and try to lift my pussy
against it. This time I was hot enough to get my orgasms before
him. 
    For the rest of the night he tied me in all kinds of poses
for me to be whipped or fucked. I loved it because the rope we
had made was soft since it had been made from a satin sheet so it
didn't cut into my wrists, legs, or ankles.
    I found out girls were different than boys. After cumming
about four or five times he couldn't get hard anymore no matter
how long I licked and sucked on him. He made up for it by licking
or finger-fucking me until we fell into bed exhausted.
    We slept till about ten the next morning and woke up just
starving because we had not stopped to eat. We made a huge
breakfast and then just dozed on the couch till about eleven-
thirty. Mom and Dad said they would be back about noon so we
didn't dare tie me again since they could walk in before I could
be untied. We just went up to my room and put some shorts an T-
shirts close to us so we could throw them on when they came home.
We needn't have worried. They didn't get home till about eight PM
so exhausted they went directly to bed.
    Things were fine the rest of the school year. Between the
school and Bill I was able to get at least one or two orgasms a
day.
    I had been doing fifth grade work so I graduated that summer
to sixth. Mom was overjoyed. She said she would throw a party for
me. By now I had found four girls that got orgasms from whipping
so I invited them. Two of them brought their brothers. It was
obvious to me their brothers were fucking them from the sneaky
touches to their pussies when they thought no-one was looking. I
took them aside and told them I knew and that it was alright
since I was fucking Bill too.
    Summer was great since my folks were gone from seven in the
morning to six at night. I invited my friends over one at a time.
We learned from each other. Bill and I taught the girls who
brought their brothers the positions out of "The Kama Sutra." One
girl had boobs as big as mine and her brother showed us how to
tie twine around the bases of our tits and wind it around till
our tits were real hard and throbbing. That made them a lot more
sensitive to be whipped.
    The girls with brothers also had both parents working. The
other two girls had Moms at home so they couldn't come as often.
They almost killed off poor Bill. Once they had been fucked they
couldn't get enough. They eventually brought over neighbor boys
or cousins so I didn't have to share Bill and I got a chance to
fuck someone new. None of them were as good as Bill since we had
been practicing so long.
    The only bummer was that Mom insisted Bill and I go to camp
for three weeks at separate camps. It was a real drag! We could
hardly wait to get home. We were so horny we almost killed each
other the first day home.
    The other girls and I continued to work out to the tapes
because the boys loved to watch us do them naked. By that fall we
looked great. I had an eighteen inch waist and my boobs grew to a
thirty four C cup. My mom noticed and bought me some bra's. I
hated them and took them off any time she was gone.
    That fall we had a new teacher. He was about thirty and a
fitness nut. He had a gorgeous body and unlike my old teacher who
wore baggy shorts and a T-shirt during swimming he wore a tight
suit so we could giggle over the huge lump his dick made in it
when he would get a hardon.
    Some of the girls had dropped out because of job transfers or
other reasons so there were now only fifteen girls in the class.
That was great because we could get even more attention and help.
    On the first day  he said that there was no excuse for girls
to be overweight and that three of us would be weighed every day
and anyone overweight would get five lashes for every pound over
the chart. It really worked! The fat girls starved themselves and
lost one or two pounds every week. By the end of the year they
looked great.
    He said he had also decided to let us choose our position to
be whipped. He told me to come forward to demonstrate. When I got
to him he told me that my old teacher had told him I was his best
student and that I wouldn't be hurt bad. I wondered what all he
had told him.
    He first tied me in the regular position then hit my butt
twice with a wide thick strap. It really stung. He let me hang
there whimpering while he explained that this was position one
and we would get the whole number of spanks in that position.
    Then he untied my ankles to turn me side ways to the class
and retied me with my legs spread even further. He said that this
hurt a little more and that girls choosing this position would
get a twenty percent reduction in spanks. He picked up the same
kind of whip my old teacher had used then hit my butt, my
breasts, my pussy then hit them all again in that order. By that
time I was panting and trembling in excitement. While I hung
there he explained the third position was even more painful so it
would allow a forty percent reduction.
    He took me loose then had me kneel down where he tied my
knees to the rings which pulled my legs widely apart. Then had me
put my head down on my arms.  I knew this opened my pussy lips
and brought it back because I could see it between my tits. Then
he picked up another whip with some real soft leather thongs and
hit between my legs to put four lashes right on my pussy. I
almost came and when he helped me up I was so dazed he had to
help me button my uniform. He gave me a little kiss then said,
"Thank you for helping with the demonstration. I will deduct
these lashes from your next spanking if you like."
    There was no question which position I would choose although
just for variety I sometimes took position two.
    He chose the girls to be weighed in alphabetical order. one
girl was five pound over. He said that he would allow two pounds
grace to allow for water retention. She chose position one and he
gave her fifteen spanks that just made her butt red.
    The next girl was ten pounds overweight She also chose
position one. I think he was disappointed he would not get to
whip her big tits. He said, "Forty spanks are a lot to take in
one place. Are you sure you wouldn't prefer position two."
    She just whimpered and shook her head. I think it made him
mad because he hit her harder than the other girl. She had
terrible welts on her butt when he finished. I felt sorry for her
because I knew she hated to be hurt and told her after school to
take position two or three because the whips weren't nearly as
bad as the strap. She whined, "I couldn't do position three. It
would be too embarrassing. You didn't see yourself. Your pussy
was in plain sight and even open a little." She said that next
time she would try position two because nothing could be worse
than that strap. even the next day she was so sore she brought an
inflatable pad so she could stand the pain of sitting.
    My friends and I avoided the weight whipping because we were
in such good shape but at least one girl was whipped every
afternoon for either weight, grades or both. Most of them chose
position two after seeing the fat girls butt. I had a great seat
at the front corner desk. I was thrilled to see their tits and
pussy lips wrenched out of shape by the thongs.
    After a few weeks he began reading letters aloud from parents
complimenting him on causing the weight loss after all their
failures with all kinds of diets. If any of the girls thought he
might stop doing it the letters quashed that hope.
    My first whipping happened on Thursday. Naturally I went for
position three to get my spanks. I had earned thirty two but
after discount it was rounded off to twenty. It made me cum like
crazy! When he hit me he would drag the thongs up my crack for
the next one. My pussy got wet right away and the thongs began to
get wet so the pain got a little worse at each lash. At the end
the thongs were so wet they made a "Splat!" sound when they hit
and caused all of it to burn.I could see every lash hit my pussy
and if my knees had not been tied I would have spread my legs
more to let the thongs hit inside.
    When he finished and helped me up I hugged him mashing my
breasts on his chest and said, "Thank you. Oh thank you." He
grinned and said, "Now that is the right attitude class. You all
should thank me for trying to make you a better person."
    It didn't fool anyone. My friends knew I had enjoyed a great
orgasm and now all the girls suspected it. I didn't care. They
still treated me as a heroine since I did not cry or yell. Best
of all, my friends and some of the other girls started going for
option three. I loved to watch them get spanked because I knew
just what they were feeling and the empathy would get me excited
enough to run home for a quick fuck from Bill before my parents
came home.
    Bill was really excited by my descriptions of my and the
other girls whipping. I told him I had no idea where we could get
one of those soft leather whips. He said he would look around and
try to get one for the week-end our parents would be gone. He
found something real close with deerskin. He cut it in strips and
nailed it to a mop handle Mom had thrown out. He was waiting for
me when I got home. It wouldn't be the same since we didn't dare
tie me since we never knew for sure when one or both of our
parents might get lucky on the traffic and get home early. I
knelt and spread my legs for him. It was perfect! We could hardly
wait for the weekend so we could have time for me to be whipped
and fucked from behind. I told him I thought it might even be
better if he figured out a way to keep my pussy lips open so the
whip could get wet faster and easier.
    By that weekend he had figured it out. He got four paper
clamps, tied twine to them then clamped them on my outer lips.It
hurt some but that just added to the excitement. When he tied the
twine around my legs the lips were stretched wide open. It was a
little too successful. I had to tell him to hit easier till I was
really excited because the whip was now hitting directly on the
tender inner lips and my clit.  He could tell I was ready when I
began to push my pussy out to meet the whip and hit faster till I
screamed in massive orgasm and he buried his dick in my now very
tender pussy.
    I told him the pinching of the clamps hurt some but that it
was kind of foreplay to get me excited for whipping. That gave
him an idea. He tied my legs apart and my hands behind my back
while he very slowly pulled the hair off my pussy with tweezers.
I watched the skin pull out as pain increased until the hair gave
and the skin popped back only to be pulled out again until it was
bald and I was in orgasm. I felt bad about that in a way because
it seemed to be a symbol of womanhood. I felt better in swimming
class when my teacher saw it and said it was an excellent idea
and that all the girls should remove their hair too as it would
be easier to keep our crotches clean. I think the real reason was
because it was now easier to see the skin redden by his lashes.
In any case I became proud to be a trend setter. 
    Things were fine with me getting school spankings once or
twice per week and sex with Bill at night until mid-term exams.
It had all the girls worried because if you just got eighties in
the exam you could get up to a hundred lashes. 
    My friend Buffy, was really worried about the history exam
because it involved memorizing a lot of dates and she had trouble
with that. I told her that it would be a multiple choice exam so
it would be easy to copy off my paper. Bill had taught me memory
tricks to make it easy for me.
    We were caught!
 Our teacher grabbed our arms and dragged us to the principals
office. God, he acted like we had killed someone! He called us
rotten little cheats and said no-one had cheated for over ten
years. He said we would remember our punishment the rest of our
lives and no other student in school would cheat after they
witnessed our public example. We were scared to death and
blubbered apologies but we were ignored. The principal asked my
teacher if we were copying off each other's paper. My teacher
told him that Buffy was copying but I had made no effort to hide
my paper and even had it at the edge of my desk to make it easier
for Buffy to see it. The principal said we were both guilty but
Buffy was more so. I was to be whipped with the standard thong
whip my teacher used for position two but poor Buffy was to be
whipped with a whip like the one Mom had brought home.
    They took us to the auditorium just before the first class
break. They stripped us then tied a long iron pipe to our ankles
to hold our legs widely apart. When they pulled us off the floor
the extra weight of the pipe stretched us to our limits. This was
different than our classroom whippings as now we would be facing
the audience rather than our backs to avoid some humiliation.
Just as we were lifted there was an announcement over the P.A.
system.
    "During breaks between classes all teachers and students
    will report to the auditorium."
    Buffy whimpered, "Oh God! It was bad enough when just our 
classmates saw us whipped with our backs to them. Now the whole
school will see our breasts and pussies."
    She seemed crushed by the idea so I didn't tell her that this
would realize one of my fantasies.
    When everyone was seated as close as they could get to us
next to the stage the principal said, "The girls you see in front
of you attempted to cheat on their exams. To make sure the rest
of you won't be tempted to do the same they will receive ten
lashes from the staff at each class break till further notice. I
shuddered, there were four teachers and the principal. We would
be getting fifty lashes every hour. I was wrong. I had forgotten
about the principal's secretary and the janitor. There was no way
to get an orgasm because they used the whole ten minute period to
whip us. They would whip buffy for ten lashes so I could hear the
"Whap!" of each lash and her pitiful cries then wait a moment for
her sobs to subside then whip me.I worked up some excitement on
the first teacher because hearing the lashes to Buffy while
watching the excited looks on the audience's faces excited me,but
the delays would not let the excitement build and it just became
torture. They knew our tenderest places. Almost all the lashes
hit on our tender inner thighs, our nipples or our pussies with
only an occasional lash to the tougher parts like our asses or
the backs of our legs. It seemed to last forever. For the first
time I found myself screaming along with Buffy.
    Finally it was over. They loosened the ropes enough to let
our feet rest on the floor but our legs were too weak to hold us
up so we just hung there sobbing with our heads down to see our
red throbbing breasts.
    It took over ten minutes for me to get my strength back
enough to stand and turn towards Buffy who was still hanging her
head and moaning. I said, "Buffy....Buffy are you alright?"
    She slowly raised her head and said,"Oh Lena. I hurt
terribly. Am I bleeding?"
    I had her turn from side to side so I could see. I told her
she had some bad welts but it didn't look like she was bleeding.
She was relieved but then got a stricken look on her face when
she turned back and saw the clock on the wall.
    "Oh God Lena! In forty minutes they will be whipping us
again! I can't stand it. This is your fault. You talked me into
cheating." She began to sob again but stopped when I said loudly,
"What a shitty thing to say. You said you were desperate if I
hadn't tried to help you I wouldn't be here."
    "I'm sorry. You are right. I am twice as guilty. I was doing
the cheating I should have made sure the teacher was not looking.
Please forgive me."
    "I don't need to. I know what that whip they are using on you
feels like. It is much worse than mine so you are paying the
biggest penalty."
    "I believe it. It hurts more than anything I have felt
before."
    I guess being young gave us good recuperative powers, as the
minute hand jumped minute by minute toward eleven The pain began
to subside and we became alert.
    The bell rang to signal the start of another ordeal. I hated
the girls coming in. They were obviously excited with no sympathy
at all for us. They even giggled as they pointed out particularly
bad welts. I thought they liked us and couldn't understand their
attitude. Some of them were even surreptitiously rubbing their
pussies.
    This time they decided to have us watch the other being hit.
They turned me sideways so I could see each lash sinking into her
body to leave welts. I am ashamed to admit watching her get hit
excited me and I couldn't blame the audience for becoming
excited. I looked back and forth from the audience to Buffy. The
man must have thought he might make some of the worse welts bleed
because he looked for places to hit that were just red or still
white. The girls and men in the audience were loving it. They
actually cheered the harder lashes "Cracking! against poor Buffy.
    Then it was my turn. It helped fight the pain to stare at and
hate the audience as he hit my breasts. I think they were jealous
of my big boobs because they loved seeing them tortured. The
bitches began to chant, "Hit em again. Harder. Harder." like
cheerleaders at a football game and the teacher used all ten of
his lashes on my tits causing them to lift, separate, and crash
into each other while the burning and throbbing returned. Because
of the breaks waiting our turns we did not get the pain long
enough to either cum or faint. At least Buffy already had bad
welts on her breasts and pussy so they did not hit them much.
Since I was just red I didn't get that break. The lashes came
across the lips of my pussy, upward from the front and through my
legs from the back. My asshole even began to burn. Eventually my
breasts and pussy were maroon so they began hitting my butt,
stomach and legs instead. It felt almost good in comparison.
    They must not have hit us as hard this time because it didn't
take us as long to recover. Buffy looked at the clock and said,
"Only thirty minutes left. Oh shit! Lena they have a whole half
hour next time. They will drag it out so we hurt the whole time."
    I said "No. They don't have that much patience. Remember some
of them hit so fast my tits never stopped bouncing."
    "God, I hope you are right." At about ten till, the principal
came in and began to feel and pinch our weals. "I have decided to
give you a break. This will be the last session and we will be
using these whips. He held up the deerhide whips and we began to
gush thanks as if he had given us the world rather than just
lessened the pain a little. Then he said after this session you
may cool yourselves in the pool then come to my office to take
the rest of your tests."
    The girls started coming in as excited as ever. Buffy and I
stood there and glared at them as they pointed at us and giggled.
    The principal said, "Quiet down. I have an announcement."
They settled down and he went on. "I have decided that these
girls have hurt all of you by cheating. Therefore, you will all
be able to give them one lash."
    The bitches clapped and cheered.
    Buffy and I gave each other stricken looks. We knew there
were about a hundred and sixty girls in the school. Our only hope
was that the younger kids would not be able to hit too hard and
we hoped some of the girls would hit easy either because they
were friends or felt sorry for us.
    He went on, "Just so the girls will have no hard feelings
against you they will be blindfolded so they won't know who is
hitting them. Line up at the stairs to the stage."
    The girls pushed and struggled to be at the head of the line.
    We sobbed. As excited as they were they would have no
inhibitions about hitting us hard and with blindfolds we would
not even be able to brace ourselves for the oncoming lash.
    Buffy was right. It took almost the whole half hour for all
of them to take their turn. Most of them hit our breasts and
pussies. I expected to have our tits hit a lot since there were a
lot of flat-chested girls that envied us. 
    In spite of our dread the lighter whips over the long period
was much better. Now the small delay while they passed on the
whip just let us savor the last lash and both of us became
excited enough to go into orgasm. Thank God the light whips did
not cause any more damage and it was finally over. We walked
naked to the pool and sank gratefully into the coolness.
    The principal let us soak in the pool for a half hour which
was long enough for most of the pain and heat to go away. He led
us back to his office still naked and wet.
    After we went through the outer door we went behind his desk
to go through a thick door into another room. It was totally
silent when he closed the door so I knew the room had been
soundproofed like a music studio I had visited once.
    Buffy and I looked at each other shocked. There were all
kinds of whips hanging on the walls, enough hooks in the ceiling,
walls and floors to tie us in any position. THere was a "T"
shaped table with winches at the ends to pull our legs into a
split while our arms could be stretched over our heads. I knew
why the girl had warned me not to do anything that would have the
teacher send us to the principals office. He had us lie side by
side on a waist high padded table about the same size as a single
bed. We braced for the whip we assumed would be hitting our ass.
To our surprise the thing we felt was greasy hands on our butts.
He was gently massaging some kind of salve on us. We relaxed and
made little sighs at the soothing of the gentle massage. He
rubbed us for a long time .Then he said, "This is hot work!" and
took off his shirt and pants. I was astonished. He was old! Over
fifty, but his body looked really good.
    He had us turn over and began putting the salve on our
fronts. He said, "You see, I can be nice especially if girls are
nice to me. Will you be nice?"
    Buffy said we would and I went further, "Oh yes. We will do
anything you want that makes you happy. Anything!"
    He grinned and kept rubbing. I don't know what he was putting
on us but it was miraculous. The red began fading and even
Buffy's bad welts flattened out and began to fade from maroon to
a dark pink.
    Buffy and I sighed in the great soothing of our bodies then
he got to our pussies and the comforting feeling changed to
excitement as he spread our pussies with his outer fingers to put
in his middle finger to push in and out and in circles. In a
short time we were panting and squeezing our breasts and nipples
trying to get to orgasm.
    He said, "You girls have had fingers in your slits before
haven't you?" We both moaned that we had and begged him not to
stop because it felt wonderful.
    He grinned. "Would you like something bigger in there?"
    I beat Buffy to moan, "Yes! Oh yes. Put your dick in it.
Please. I'll make you happy."
    That made him grin and chuckle. He pulled off his shorts and
laid on his back on the rug. His dick was bigger than Bills and
real gnarly with big veins. I straddled him and loved the
stretching feeling as the big head slipped in and then the moving
of my organs as his eight inch dick worked in till I was sitting
on his thighs. When I began moving up and down twisting my hips
he had Buffy straddle his face then he put his long thick tongue
in her. She had a look of pure ecstasy on her face. I reached out
to squeeze her breasts and she grabbed mine. I found another
thing was different. He lasted about three times as long as Bill
I was in my third orgasm before he came.
    We laid down next to him to hug and kiss him. I could taste
Buffy's pussy juice on his face. It didn't taste bad so I began
to lick it off. Buffy began to do it to the other side of his
face.
    We held on to him and looked at each other over his chest
giggling with the after joy of our orgasms.
    He pulled up our chins and said, "Would you like to change
positions with Buffy on my dick."
    We both said "Yes" at once then giggled again at our lack of
reticence.
    "Fine. You will have to get me hard again."
    I started sliding down his stomach to fondle and lick his
dick. Buffy followed along and licked the other side of it and
the head. I found out another thing different between him and
Bill. He lasted a long time but he also didn't get hard right
away.
    Buffy had an idea. "I know it excites you to see us whipped.
I want to find out what it is like to lick a girl's pussy. Would
you like to see me lick Lena while she spanks my front with the
soft whip?"
    I said, "Really? I would think you would never want to be
whipped again after today."
    The principal frowned at me and said, "If that is what she
wants you shouldn't interfere."
    "I want to. That salve is great I don't hurt at all now and I
want to feel you inside me. My boyfriend's dick is tiny next to
yours."
    I got up to pick one of the soft whips off the wall then
straddled her face and leaned forward. When her tongue touched my
clit I began to spank her pussy. I knew his cum must be running
out of me into her mouth but she didn't seem to mind. As I got
more excited I began hitting her harder. Suddenly he pulled me
off of her and I was looking at his dick that was so hard it was
pulsing.
    He got on his back again and I settled down on his mouth. He
was wonderful. His tongue was huge but he could make the end flit
against my clit then stick it deep inside me while his front
teeth scraped against my clit. It made Bill's simple licking seem
amateurish. I must have had the same look of ecstasy as Buffy had
because she grinned at me knowingly then picked up the whip to
swing it across my nipples. I pulled my elbows back to push out
my breasts and get my arms out of the way so she could hit every
inch of them.I got so excited it took what little sense I had not
to bounce on his face or smother him. I came over and over until
he lifted me off his face by my asscheeks.
    He had Buffy clean his dick with her mouth and tongue then
dressed while we laid on the floor with silly grins on our faces.
    When he was dressed he said, "You will both be excellent. I
will put your names on the list."
    Buffy said, What list?" 
    "You girls obviously enjoy both sex and pain. You are going
on an exclusive list of girls who have exceptional talent. On
occasion you will be notified to report for further education in
sexual techniques. The combination of nudity and whipping makes
your teachers very excited. You will relieve that excitement. I
am proud of you. You are among the youngest to make the list. As
a further reward you don't have to take mid-terms. You have a
good daily record so you just made "A's" on all your tests. Now
go to the auditorium and get your clothes and take a shower then
you may go home. Be proud. There are only ten of you in the
entire school that have both the beauty and talent to be on the
list."
    I had wondered about the teachers. It was obvious from the
tent their dicks made in their pants that they had become really
excited. I assumed they went to a bathroom to jerk-off like Bill
used to before I could relieve his hardon for him.
   We skipped down to the auditorium to get our clothes then
washed each other in the shower. I said, "At least we know why
the teachers were always in a hurry to leave after we were
whipped."
    "Yeah, but he didn't say where we would go and whether or not
it would be the same teacher every time. I can hardly wait for
our teacher, that humongous dick in his bathing suit practically
makes my pussy drip."
    "Yeah me too." Then I giggled, "My mouth waters too."
    She giggled too then we dressed to leave. We could hardly
wait to get home so we could teach our brothers how to lick our
pussies the right way.
    Bill was very cooperative and except for his smaller tongue
he learned to do it very well. I made up for his smaller dick by
sliding back to make it rub on my clit.
    The next morning Buffy and I were handed envelopes by our
smiling teacher. There were four pieces of paper in it. The first
was a nice letter from our principal advising them that I had
volunteered for extra credits by working as a tutor for younger
girls with a paragraph at the end telling them they should be
proud of the fact I had done well enough in my studies to qualify
to teach and that I would be brought home between five and five
thirty. I didn't really need the letter since they were never
home that early but my folks were really pleased to get it. Mom
even put it in a picture frame and hung it in my room.
    The second paper was a map of the school that showed how to
go to the basement and through the furnace room to another door
leading to a hall with rooms marked B1, B2, B3, and B4. I had
always assumed the basement was just furnace room and storage
    The third paper was my schedule indicating I was to go to B3
on Monday, B4 on Tuesday, The principals office on Wednesday, B1
on Thursday, and B2 on friday.
    On the back of the schedule it said to report to the room of
the day after the three thirty punishment sessions. It also said
my special status would not relieve me from punishment sessions
because it was important to maintain my grade average but that I
would now get perfect scores in all my classes as long as I
maintained a minimum real grade of eighty-five.
    That was great! My folks had raised my allowance since I was
doing so well in school and Dad said he would give me a ten
dollar bonus for every "A" on my report card. Since report cards
came out every three months I would be getting an extra hundred
fifty dollars to spend any way I wanted.
    The fourth paper was in two columns:
    "Room B1            Sexual techniques and positions
     Room B2            Dance and art of stripping
     Room B3            Group sex
     Room B4            Fantasy day
     Principal          Joys of torture
    NOTICE:
         Letter is to be given to your parents. All other papers
are to be kept in your locker. You are not to discuss this with
anyone other than your peer group. You are very special and we do
not wish to have girls who are not qualified become jealous of
the fact that they are excluded. Some parents may not approve so
we strongly suggest that you do not discuss your special training
with them."
    I had no problem with that. My Mother had given me a big
lecture about not letting anyone touch my "Private parts" and
that I should not have sex until I was married. Thank God she
told me too late or I may have believed her and missed out on all
this pleasure.
    Since it was Thursday I would be going to B1.
    Only one girl was punished that day. She picked position 2
and had twenty nine lashes coming so I was really excited when
the teacher said I was excused. I ran all the way to B1.
    When I went in the room was empty except for a bed and an
overstuffed chair. There were a few soft leather straps from one
to four inches wide and some whips made from different lengths of
leather boot laces. I felt all of them and none seemed very bad.
    My teacher walked in a few minutes later. I was glad to see
him. I had been dying to see his dick out of his bathing suit.
    He explained that the teachers rotated from room to room so I
would have a different teacher in room B1 next time to allow me
to enjoy different tastes. He asked if I had any questions. I
understood the function of the rooms except Fantasy day and the
Joys of torture.
    "Right. I was going to get to that. On mondays You will give
me a paper describing a sexual fantasy that either you have
thought up or have heard about. We need advance notice in case
some special equipment is needed. Some of the girls fantasies are
impossible to do either because they would have to be outdoors or
involve animals or other things we can't provide. I don't want
that to hold you back though because we may be able to come up
with a compromise. For instance, one of the girls a few years ago
wanted to be whipped in front of a large audience. We couldn't do
that in Room B4 so we arranged to have it in the auditorium.
Incidentally that happened to you. Did you get orgasms from it?"
    "No, not until the last part where they used the soft whip
and it went on long enough to let the excitement make me forget
the pain.I think it might have been better if I had not been
blindfolded so I could see how excited it made them to whip me.
Seeing the audience getting so excited kind of made me feel like
a star."
    "Yes I can understand that. You have to remember you were
being punished for cheating. There was no intention of having you
enjoy it.  Someday you may want to do it again starting with soft
whips then harder ones as your excitement and the audiences
grows. Are you ready for your lesson or would you like to be
whipped first to get excited?"
    I was already so excited my panties were wet so we got
undressed. I was amazed by his dick. It reached above his navel
and was as thick as my wrist. I couldn't get all of it in my
pussy let alone my mouth and throat. This class was mostly right
out of "The Kama Sutra" and Bill and I had done most of the
positions but it was still exciting enough for me to orgasm
several times.
    When he said I could leave I dressed hurriedly to talk to
Buffy. I waited at the main door until she came toward me with a
glazed expression on her face. 
    We compared our experiences. She had gone to the principals
office. she said in there most of the orgasms came from pain but
no pain was unbearable and it gave her a real feeling of
accomplishment when the principal said she was brave enough to be
rewarded by him giving her head and then fucking her. "God Lena.
I have never cum so many times before. I feel like I am vibrating
and I still get little after shocks just by walking."
    I asked, "Is your body marked up much?"
    "No that is the weird part. No-one would know I had even been
hurt. There is no whipping except directly on your clit and that
is not hard. Most of the excitement comes from stretching,
pinching, and just the helpless feeling of being tied so tightly.
It is hard to explain. You have to be there."
    I told my experience which seemed pretty tame but she said
that would be valuable to keep our boy friends or husbands from
even thinking about other girls.
    I showed Bill some of the little improvements in technique I
had learned for both of us to maximize the pleasure. He could
hardly wait for the next lesson and said he would write down some
of his sex fantasies to add to mine Monday.
    The next day I could hardly wait till three thirty. It turned
out no-one was being punished so I got to B2 early. When I opened
the door I saw a big chair facing a stage with a chrome pole
going from floor to ceiling. One wall was sliding doors I opened
it to find gobs of dance costumes. In a few minutes the eighth
grade teacher came in with one of his students he introduced as
Charlene.  He told us to pick out our costumes and put them on. I
found a cute costume with a tiny pink panties and bra and seven
veils of pink gauze to tuck into the bra and panties. Charlene
was still looking through the costumes when I was dressed so the
teacher said I would be first. He took off his clothes and sat
back down in the chair naked. Then he said, "You will dance to
two songs. In the first song you will teasingly remove your
costume. During the second song you will be naked. The object is
to get me excited. You can use my dick as a gauge of your
success. If it gets hard you will know you are doing well." This
is a contest between you two. The winner will be fucked by me in
the position of her choice and then have her pussy eaten by the
loser. The loser will be whipped and then do whatever the winner
wants to help her get to orgasm."
    He had me pick out my music from CD's on the shelf. I picked
out a rock group with a hard beat.
    He pushed a button on his remote and the music started. I
thought I had a better chance than Charlene since I was cuter and
was happy. She looked sullen. I bounced around flipping out veils
and grinning at him. It wasn't until I was down to my tiny
panties that I noticed his dick was limp. I was disappointed
since Bill would have been really hard by then but I was sure he
would get excited when I was dancing naked. I was almost
desperate before I found I could see a rise when I knelt in front
of the stage with my knees wide spread and shook my boobies and
some more when I bent over with my butt to him and reached
between my outstretched legs to spank my pussy with my fingers.
He clapped his hands and had me kneel by his chair while we
watched Charlene. 
    She stepped up on the stage wearing a little leather bra with
holes cut out for her nipples. He pushed the button and this slow
sexy music started. She danced around as smoothly and sinuously
as a snake then dropped to her knees and began crawling toward
him dragging her nipples on the floor with her eyes nearly closed
and a sexy look on her face. I looked at his dick and knew I had
lost already. It was hard as a rock and he stared at her licking
his lips. Then she took off the bra and began whipping her tits
with it. When she took off the panties she twisted them as if
wringing out a rag then used the big rope like thing to saw it
back and forth between her legs with a kind of sick look on her
face and her tummy pulsating. Then she pulled it out and began
slapping her pussy with it. I had already lost but her second
dance even got me excited. She would grip her nipples with her
fingers and stretch out her tits till they looked like cones with
beads of sweat on her brow from the strain. Just as it looked as
if she might come she pulled them up to her face then bit one
with her teeth and held it up that way while she flexed her knees
to make the free one bounce wildly.
    As a finale she stuck four fingers of her hand in her pussy
and pumped it to the music until it was obvious she climaxed.
    The teacher looked at me and said, "I guess we know who won."
    I pouted, "It wasn't fair. She is older than me. This was my
first time."
    "You were told to make it sexy. Your little cheerleader
routine isn't sexy. Work on it."
    We watched Charlene lying on the stage still panting and
moaning. She sat up and the teacher said, "She is all yours
Charlene. How do you want her?"
    Charlene grinned at me then went over to bring back the soft
whip and the dreaded braided one.
    She had me get up on the stage then said, "I love whipping
cute young girls. Put your hands behind your head and spread your
legs wide. Your tits are big enough to bounce good. If you stay
in position I will use this soft whip but if you let go of your
hands or try to close your legs we will tie you and I will use
the other whip till you pass out.
    I was scared to death and braced myself. Thankfully she was
not as mean as she seemed. She began whipping my tits easy and
watched my reactions to hit harder as my excitement built up then
began whipping my pussy till I had obviously climaxed.
    She jumped off the stage and onto the teachers lap as I sank
to my knees dazed and taking deep breaths.
    When I got my breath I watched her squirming on his lap
letting out little squeals of delight till she fell backwards
gripping her tits with a look of sheer bliss on her face. She
pulled herself up to hug his face against her tits till they
calmed down then she slid off to lick and suck on his soft sticky
dick. 
    He waved me over then lifted her up to have her lay back over
the chair seat for me to lick and suck at her cunt while he
chewed on her nipples. In a few seconds she was letting out her
little "Yips" of pleasure while she soaked my face and mouth with
her juices and his cum.
    When she came he got up to go pointing out a door to a
shower.
    Charlene and I showered together rekindling some of our
excitement while washing each others pussies. 
    I said, "It is bad news to lose. Thank you for giving me my
orgasm. It would have been terrible if you had been mean and quit
just before I came."
    "I felt sorry for you. You were right, it wasn't fair. I did
the same kind of dumb dance you did the first time. It takes
awhile to learn just what turns them on."
    "You sure know how to do it. You even turned me on."
    "Yeah. Me too. It makes me proud and powerful to know I could
get them to beg to fuck me. As soon as I am eighteen I want to
work in a strip club to make hundreds of them horny."
    We giggled and I said, "That is one of my fantasies, to have
dozens of men crying for me."
    "Believe me with the training they are giving us it will be
no problem. Even my Dad gets hard when he watches me do aerobics
by the pool in my tiny bikini.
    When I got home Bill met me at the door to tell me Mom had
called to say there were going to dinner and a movie and wouldn't
be home till about ten.
    I decided to use him to practice my dancing so I went up to
put on my skimpiest bra and panties then had him sit naked like
the teacher had but he was too easy. His dick was hard before I
even got my panties off.  He was some help though by having him
tell me what was most exciting to him. It pretty well confirmed
that dancing had nothing to do with exciting. What worked was
looking sultry, moving sinuously, and rubbing breasts and pussy
with the hands, floor or whatever and most important looking as
if what I was doing was really getting me excited. I found out
what excited me would excite him.
    We had a long slow fuck then made something to eat before
going upstairs to do my homework.
    The next day at punishment time I really got turned on
because both the girls getting punished came. I could tell the
difference now between the girls who were suffering and the ones
that were going into orgasm. I is amazing how similar it looks
between great pain and orgasms the difference shows up in how wet
they get and a pulsating of the tummy. The girl who chose
position two caused her muscles to stand out in her legs to open
them even more for the lash and the girl who chose position three
soaked the whip as she pumped her butt to meet each lash.
    I was so excited I couldn't keep my hands off my pussy as I
ran to room three. I thought group sex would mean two or more
couples but to them it was two guys and one girl or two girls and
one guy. I was lucky to be so horny because that day it was two
guys and I was fucked standing up in my pussy and asshole at the
same time. or fucked by one while I sucked the other. Between
times it was up to me to get them hard by licking their balls,
dicks or assholes or holding my tits out to them to be whipped or
my pussy lips open so they could spank my clit.
    Bill was disappointed when I got home because I was so tired
I just wanted to take a nap till he woke me for dinner.
    When we got back to my room he wanted to know what had
happened to me that day but I wouldn't tell him until my homework
was done. When we finished I told him about my day. He wasn't
very impressed about my fucking but when I told him about holding
my tits up for them to spank he really got excited. "You're
kidding me! You mean you just held them out for them? You weren't
tied or anything?"
    "No I wasn't tied anywhere and it is strange. Being tied I
don't seem to have any choice and I can pretend I don't want it
to happen. Untied there is no doubt It gets me excited and I want
it to happen. That makes me feel a little perverted. They made me
feel proud by saying only a few girls could do it. I like it both
ways but I think it is a little better to be totally helpless.
    He wanted to try it so we got undressed. I got on my knees
and grasped the bottom of my tits with my hands to pull them out
and up. He got Mom's whip off the wall and I cried, "No. Please
don't use that. It will bruise them."
    "Relax. I am just going to use the end of one thong. Say,
'Please whip my tits, Master" 
    It seemed to add to my excitement to ask for them so I went
even further saying, "Please whip my tits till they are striped,
Master." 
    Between the pain, watching red lines slowly covering my tits
and his throbbing dick in front of me threw me into a glorious
orgasm and I grabbed his butt-cheeks to pull his dick in my mouth
and swallowed till it was in my throat and my nose was bumping
into his crotch hair. My orgasms continued till he flooded my
mouth with cum and he sunk to the floor.
    "Oh Jesus! That was fantastic. You satisfied one of my
fantasies. It was just like you were my slave."
    "I guess I am, kind of. I know I will let you do anything you
want as long as it doesn't hurt so much I can't cum."
    "Oh yeah. I am sorry but you drained me so much it may be a
little while before I can get hard so I can fuck you for your
orgasm."
    "Are you kidding. I came like crazy. I don't need to be
fucked any more today. Let's just go to bed. I am exhausted."
    I left my table lamp on so I could trace the lines on my tits
with my fingers till they began to fade and I fell into a deep
sleep.
    When I took my shower in the morning all the lines had faded.
It seemed I had just dreamed it.
    The next day no-one needed to be punished. I had mixed
feelings about it. I would have liked to be excited when I went
downstairs but now there would be more time for fantasy.
    I was down there first so I had time to look around. It was a
big room with all kinds of strange furniture, leather harnesses
to hold you in the air in all kinds of positions. The wall had
every kind of whip imaginable. I shuddered to think how much some
of them would hurt especially some made of wire and paddles with
the points of nails sticking out of them. I realized that all
this stuff was a result of some girl's request and began to think
I was not as brave as I thought. One thing was really weird. It
looked like a dress form except it was made of barbed wire. It
was hinged on one side so a girl could be put in it to have her
whole torso encircled by the wire. Three strands of wire were
hanging from the bottom strand at the back. I was still looking
at it when the first grade teacher walked in so I asked him about
it.
    "That has not been used for quite awhile. A ninth grade
student requested it about four years ago. It was so wild all the
teachers came to see it used. As you probably guessed the girl
was put inside it then the wires were tightened till the barbs
just touched her skin and then the loose strands were brought
through her legs to press against her crotch and pussy. When she
was in it the wires were touched by a cattle prod. Every time the
electricity hit she would jump and drive the barbs into her skin.
We couldn't do it very long because she began bleeding. To our
amazement she didn't want to be taken out of it."
    I shuddered at the thought. I didn't know what a cattle prod
was but I thought it must take a lot of electricity to make her
jump into the barbs.
    He asked me for my fantasy sheets. I only had three. One was
my brother's idea. It involved putting bowls of red ants on my
tits to wear while being fucked. He discarded that for the time
being since they had no red ants.
    The second had me lying on my stomach on a bed of rose
branches while I was fucked in my ass. This was also put aside
because they had no roses.
    The third request was that I be fucked in my pussy, my ass,
and my mouth all at the same time until they could not get hard
anymore. This they could do.
    The second grade teacher, the janitor and a girl a little
older than me came in.  Her fantasy must have already started.
She was naked and had iron manacles with big chains on her wrists
and ankles. There were tears coming down her cheeks. I couldn't
understand that since she was coming to satisfy her own fantasy.
    The janitor read our fantasies aloud. Her fantasy was to be
hung up by iron manacles and to be whipped till every bit of her
was red from her armpits to mid thigh by two men at the same time
then she was to suck them off and they were to shoot their cum in
her face. That did not appeal to me at all. It looked like the
men would be the only ones to enjoy it. If I had not known it was
her idea I would have assumed the men had come up with it.
    Since she already had her manacles on she was first. 
    She cried and moaned, "No. Please no." and "I hurt. I hurt"
till it was over. The men ignored her and it took a long time as
they stopped to locate white or pink areas to hit. Then they
loosened her arms enough to let her rest on her knees and took
turns getting blow-jobs. She got a look of ecstasy on her face
and kept it even while her face was covered with cum.
    Now it was my turn. They tied my arms loosely to the ceiling
then sat on a bench till she was able to get them hard again by
alternately stroking two of the dicks while sucking the third.
When they were hard the janitor was seated on a swing and lifted
to the level of my face. I was glad to see his dick was skinny
enough to go down my throat then they all began feeding their
dicks into me at once. It was as excited as I had imagined when I
thought up the fantasy and I had several great orgasms.
    On the way out I asked the girl why she had picked that
fantasy since she seemed to be really suffering under the whips.
    She said, "I do hate being whipped. It really hurts but my
mother and my church lecture me all the time about sex being a
sin so the only way I can avoid guilt is to be punished for the
joy I get."
    "Yeah but you weren't fucked. You just gave the men
pleasure."
    "I know, I don't understand that either. It is just that the
more humiliated I am the better the orgasm. My boy friend leads
me around on my hands and knees with a leash going to clothespins
on my nipples till I beg him to whip me and let me suck his
dick."
    When I got home Bill was not there. I remembered what she
said about the clothespins so I dug around till I found a couple
then went upstairs to undress and try them. They hurt! They kept
hurting for about ten minutes then I guess the nerves got numb so
they just ached. I was amazed at how strong they were. I could
pull my nipples way out and stretch my breasts with them without
having them pop off. When I took them off there was another sharp
pain then they ached until I rubbed them to bring back the
circulation.
    Bill ran in yelling at me to come upstairs because he had
something to show me.
    "Lena! This is great! I have a new friend who's Dad owns a
sex shop. Look at these magazines."
    They solved the problem of trying to think up fantasies.
There were gobs of pictures of women in all kinds of bondage,
costumes, and being stimulated by pain in all kinds of ways. I
dog-eared the pages of the things that most excited me or Bill.
    "That is not all. look at this!" 
    He pulled a rubber dick out of his pocket that really looked
real. I looked and felt of it then he turned a switch at the
base. It began to vibrate!
    "This will be great! Remember how much you liked having dicks
in your ass and your pussy at the same time?" We can do it
anytime with this in either hole."
    It was hell waiting for our folks to go to bed Finally Mom
said, "You kids are driving me crazy pacing around. If you don't
want to watch TV go upstairs and study."
    We tried to be casual going up walking slowly.
    The fake dick was great! Once he had his dick in my pussy he
put the fake in my butt. It not only vibrated it made his vibrate
too. We enjoyed it so much I was afraid Mom might hear Bill's
moans so I held my hand over his mouth then pulled it into my
nipple. We tried it in both holes I found it was best for Bill to
fuck my ass while he held the fake tight against my pussy at top
speed.
    That weekend Bill and I went to the college library to read
everything we could on sadism, masochism, corporal punishment,
and torture. I recognized the fact that I was a masochist and
everything mentioned under that and most of corporal punishment
appealed to me. Torture was something else. It always seemed to
involve burning, cutting, dislocations, or electrocution. Joys of
torture seemed incongruous.
    I was very apprehensive at school Monday. I kept picturing
myself tied up while red hot pokers were pushed into my nipples
or pussy or whipped with electrical wires.
    The ten of us elite girls always ate together. They were no
help at all. They said things like, "The school nurse should be
able to fix you up so you won't have to go to the hospital", and
"Don't worry they will give you a ride home. There is no way you
will be able to walk." I couldn't believe they could be so mean
as to giggle after saying that. I got so frightened Buffy took me
aside and said they were teasing me. The principal considered
this voluntary and if something hurt too much I would just say
"Mercy." and he would stop. "Remember when you talked to me after
my session? I had cum so hard I was like a walking zombie. I had
dreams about it for a week. I know you like pain as much as I
do."
    I wasn't so sure. At our cheating whipping in the auditorium
she had absorbed as many lashes as me with the bad whip and
stayed conscious. I wasn't sure I could have.
    I was so frightened I couldn't get excited at punishment time
when one of the girls chose position three for her thirty lashes.
    I walked slowly to the principal's office hardly noticing the
giggling girls running to the basement.
    When I went into his office he smiled and kissed me then had
me sit down.
    He poured a small glass of whisky for each of us. My folks
had liquor so Bill and I had drank small amounts they would not
miss. I took it gratefully and sipped on it as he talked.
    "These sessions will test how much pain you can enjoy. The
key word here is enjoy. I want you to obtain orgasms from pain.
If something hurts too much for you to build excitement to a
crashing climax you only have to say, 'Mercy' and I will stop
what I am doing to move on to something else to help you on your
way. When you reach climax I will either fuck you or lick your
pussy. Since you will be too excited to make a choice then I will
ask you now whether you prefer being fucked or licked first?"
    I remembered the big lump he had in his pants at the
auditorium so I said fucked and then had to choose my ass or
pussy. I decided on pussy.
    He took me in the other room and took off my clothes stroking
my body as it was revealed. It felt great and I was already
excited when he put me face up on the "T" shaped table to put
padded cuffs on my wrists and ankles. Then he began turning the
winch behind my head to pull my arms tight. Then he moved to my
legs and began turning the winch out to the sides of my hips. I
looked up at a huge mirror in the ceiling to watch my legs being
pulled apart until I was doing the splits. He kept turning it
slowly till I began to feel pain in my legs and hips. When it got
bad I said, "Mercy," My legs in the mirror were at right angles
to my butt and the tendons in my thighs were standing out. Then
he went to my arms to tighten them while watching the mirror to
leave my pussy and inner thighs just off the edge.
    He went to a cabinet and brought back a box then took out a
long pin with an ornate head. He said, "These have been
sterilized so you won't be infected. One will go through the lips
of your pussy the other two will go through your nipples. The
pain is nothing compared to having them whipped."
    That may have been true but it was frightening. He made it
hurt as much as possible by pushing them through very slowly. My
pussy was not too bad but the nipples really hurt. I screamed but
he ignored that since I did not say, "Mercy." 
    He began flicking them with his fingers and my excitement
began building again. He went to the cabinet and brought out two
buckets with long nylon cords he rested on my stomach. Then he
put loops at the end of the cords onto the pins lifting the
buckets in the air. I could see my pussy lips just above my clit
lift up to the ceiling and my nipples stood up. Then he got a box
and rested it on my stomach. It was really heavy and flattened my
stomach so much I was taking small breaths.
    He began taking lead weights out of the box and into the
bucket to my pussy. I watched in fascination as the lips
stretched and my excitement built till I was afraid the pin would
tear through my flesh and moaned, Mercy." He began putting
weights in the nipple bucket and I began to pant as my tits
formed cones. I yelled "I'm cumming!"
    He pushed the box of weights off my stomach and began fucking
me. At each lunge the heavy buckets danced jerking on my nipples
and pulling my pussy tight against his prick. I screamed and came
stronger than ever. I must have passed out because the next thing
I remember was lying on the floor with my legs together while he
licked and sucked on my nipples. I was totally exhausted and just
watched him in the ceiling mirror in pure rapture as his lips
moved from my nipples to my pussy and back until I had recovered
enough to raise up and push him down on his back so I could suck
his dick covered with my juices out of pure gratitude. When he
came I rolled his cum around in my mouth with my tongue and
smiled at him as I swallowed it.
    I asked. "Will it always be like this?"
    "If you mean will you always have great orgasms the answer is
yes, but if you mean will the method will be the same that is no.
The only thing that stays the same is the pain will build slowly
until you think you can't take any more but you will. With some
of the girls I have to stop because they will never say, "Mercy."
    He dressed me and I walked out knowing just how Buffy had
felt. My legs were shaking, I felt spacey and I kept getting
little after shocks radiating through my body from my pussy.
    Bill was not home and I went to bed to fall immediately
asleep until I was awakened for dinner.
    When my folks went to bed I told Bill about my experience. He
was fascinated by my punctured nipples and had me put earrings in
the holes so he could pull on them with his teeth. I liked the
effect so well I began to wear earrings in them all the time.
They didn't work very well to pull on because they would pull out
so Bill found some locking gold hoops at his friends sex store.
With those I could be tied by them or led by a leash. We found a
lot of uses for them.
    The next morning I woke up early since I had slept so long.
My breasts were tender and I had a little cramp in my stomach.
When I got up I noticed a spot of blood on my sheets. I panicked
a little thinking Bill had hurt me internally when he had pushed
the fake dick all the way inside then realized my menstruation
must have started. I ran down to tell Mom. She was surprised it
had come so early since she had been thirteen before her's
started but showed me how to use tampons and a douche.
    She left to work shortly after then the thought that I would
no longer be able to be fucked in my pussy struck me since I did
not want to become pregnant.
    I went to school early and was crying by the time I got to
the principal's office. When I blubbered out what happened he
hugged me and said it was no problem except that I would not be
fucked for the three or four days while I was bleeding. He gave
me a business card with a doctor's name on it who would prescribe
birth control pills without notifying my parents. I was really
relieved except I resented the three days per month of sexual
activity I would lose. I had already become to hate the boring
weekends since most of the time my parents stayed home.
    Bill decided he would fuck me even during my monthlies but
the school wouldn't because they would not be able to tell the
difference between menstrual blood or injury to my pussy.
    The weekends have turned out not to be a problem. Bill's new
friend's father wants the weekends off so he has his son work in
the store on week ends.  Mom thought Bill and I were such great
students she was all for it when we told her we would be at
libraries or galleries on Saturday's. 
    Bill introduced me to his friend, Dan, on a weekend my
parents were gone. 
    Bill said that Dan did not really believe I liked getting
spanked and whipped so when Dan got there told me to beg them to
let me get undressed and hung up to be whipped. When he walked in
I knew he would be great. He was totally different from Bill.
Where Bill was blonde, stocky and always grinning Dan had black
hair, lean and wiry and looked tough he was also older, about
twenty. 
    It really excited me to slowly strip and watch him stare in
amazement when I held out my hands for Bill to put on wrist cuffs
and say, "Please hang me up and whip me."
    When I was hung up I really felt like a star especially when
Dan said, "Jesus! She is beautiful!"
    He came over to me and squeezed my breasts and stroked my
bald pussy. Then he said, How old did you say she is? She doesn't
have any hair on her pussy."
    "I know. I keep it plucked off so I can see it turn red."
    "She is beautiful and has a great firm body. I thought you
said she liked to be whipped. Why is she tied up?"
    "I broke in to say breathlessly, "I kind of like to be tied.
It makes me feel helpless."
    "Well I don't want you helpless. I want you to help. Let's
get her down.
    When I was loose I stood there panting slightly with my arms
hanging by my side and my legs a little apart curiously awaiting
his next command.
    He kind of sneered at me then said, "She isn't bashful. She
doesn't try to hide anything. You are a real slut aren't you?"
    That hurt my feelings, "No I'm not. I just like sex."
    "Yeah you like sex and you like to be whipped. You are a slut
but I like that because it means you deserve unending punishment.
You know what your mother would think about the things you do."
    I knew all right. She thought the girls on MTV were sluts.
She would have a fit if she knew what I did. I suddenly felt
guilty and understood the girl that asked to be whipped even
though she just felt pain.
    "Yes, you are right I should be punished. Hard!"
    Dan turned to Bill and said, "Do you have a whip, or do you
just use a belt?"
    Bill reached over to the couch to get the thonged whip. I
stopped him because I wanted to prove I was willing to be hurt
bad by saying, "I'll get it."
    I went up to get Mom's braided whip. When I got to the foot
of the stairs he stopped me and told me to hold the whip in my
mouth and crawl over to him. I started going on my hands and
knees but he stopped me again. "No. Crawl on your stomach." I
laid down and began dragging myself over to him kind of like
swimming with a frog kick. My nipples and stomach rubbed against
the thick pile wool rug making me tender and excited by the time
I got up to my knees to let him take the whip out of my mouth
that I had been sucking like a cock.
    "I took a deep breath then said, "Where do you want to whip
me and how many?"
    "This is a nasty whip. You are lucky I am not mean. It will
be all over but I will leave the amount to you. When you have had
enough on your butt and thighs turn around and when you have had
enough on the front just fall back and open your legs for your
fuck. If you are really brave I will eat your pussy too."
    He told me to kneel then bend over and rest my head on my
arms. This brought my ass way up in the air which lowered when he
told me to spread my legs.
    He was really good at it. The lashes got harder in perfect
time with my rising excitement. I didn't turn around in spite of
the welts he was raising until two lashes in a row hit right on
my puckered ass-hole 
    He had me kneel with my hands behind my head and my tits
pushed out. He moved from my right side then my front and then to
the left side to cover every inch of my boobs including lashes
underneath hard enough to make my boobs jump up almost to my
chin. The pain was terrible as I looked down to see dark lines
crossing my tits as they got hot and began to swell. Just as I
thought I couldn't stand anymore and was going to fall forward to
protect them he seemed to read my mind and stopped.
    He said, "You seem to be very brave. How many can you take on
your pussy?"
    I was sobbing from the pain and excitement I was tempted to
say none but I had gone too far to stop and not get the orgasm he
had promised. I moaned, "About half the ones you put on my poor
boobies."
    "That would be ten. That seems like a lot with this whip. If
you want it can be five if your pussy-lips are opened."
    "Oh yes! Give me five on my open pussy. I'll even take six so
you can each have three. Can I please be tied for that? I don't
think I am brave enough to keep my legs open."
    I said I would take six because he hit harder than Bill and I
thought at least half would not be bad.
    To my relief he agreed and they put a pillow on the dining
room table to raise up my butt and expose all my pussy then tied
my legs in a split to the legs at each end and my arms to the
center leg.
     They let excitement build while the caressed my swollen tits
and ran their fingers up down and in my pussy.
    Then Dan said, "Her pussy still isn't open as far as it could
be is it?"
    Bill replied "Well no but she is doing the splits now. Should
we get a couple of clothespins to hold it open more."
    I was about to object to that when Dan came up with an even
more painful idea.
    "Clothepins would get in the way. Get my sack. I have some
alligator clips with cord on them."
    I began to moan "No. Please no."
    Bill got the sack then there were sharp pains as they closed
the sharp jaws at the edges of my pussy lips then an even sharper
bite as they pulled the cords tight and tied them to the table
leg..
    Dan said, "That worked great! Would you like to see, Lena."
    I whimpered, "Yes it really feels stretched and the teeth are
biting me horribly."
    Bill grabbed a mirror off the wall and held it over my pussy.
It couldn't possibly have been further open. My outer lips were
tight against my thighs and would provide no protection at all.
    I moaned, "That is awful. All the lashes will hit the tender
inside and my clit. I won't be able to stand it."
    Dan said, "We'll make you a deal. We will just use the thong
whip as long as you ask for each lash but if you don't ask for
all of them we will start over with the bad whip."
    "I'll do it. I promise!."
    Then he came up with something heinous saying, "Since you are
worried about your clit. I'll protect it."
    At that he put another clip right on my clitoris. The bite
was five times as vicious as on my lips and I yipped then began
sobbing.
    "Okay say 'Please hit my pussy."
    That gave ne mixed feelings. It seemed perverse to ask for
pain I knew would be terrible but on the other hand I could allow
myself time to recover between lashes.
    "Oh God you are so mean! Please hit my pussy."
    He put the whip on my boobs and slowly pulled it down until
it was dragging on the clip on my clitoristo make it pull and
bite. I looked into the mirror Bill was still holding to see the
ends of the thongs were right on my clit.
    He pulled the whip back over his shoulder then brought it
down hard! Nothing had ever hurt that bad! The clip on my clit
jerked to cause even more pain than being hit by the whip. I
screamed and my body arched up and jerked at my bonds causing the
clips to bite and rip my pussy until I fell back to the pillow
blubbering only to feel the whip again sliding down my stomach
and onto my burning pussy.
    Finally Dan said, "We are waiting."
    "Oh god! I don't think I can ask for another."
    "Sure you can. It will get better as your pussy gets numb and
you get more excited. But if you want we will just give you six
with the bad whip without your asking."
    That would be totally unbearable and I found my pussy was
recovering and pain was lessening so I said tremously, "Please
hit my pussy."
    Either he was right or else he did not hit as hard because it
only took seconds to absorb that pain and ask for his last one.
    Bill gave me a break by standing at my head so the tips bit
into my ass instead of my clit. I was at the peak of my
excitement when he finished his three and Dan immediately took
the clip off my clitoris and began making his tongue flutter
against it. It was more sensetive than ever and I soon reached 
intense orgasms. Meanwhile Bill had taken off his clothes and as
soon as Dan stepped back he stuck his hard dick into my pussy
causing the darts to pull on the lips at each thrust to make my
orgasms continue.
    I came so long and hard I got spacey. When Bill got off me I
just laid there panting with my eyes closed getting little after
shocks.
    They must have thought I had fainted because they began
talking about me as if I wasn't there.
    "Jesus Bill, you weren't shitting me. She is fantastic! My
girl friend can't take near that much."
    "You didn't tell me you had a girl that was in to this."
    "Yeah I'm sorry. I wanted to be sure you weren't talking
about little wimpy spankings. She will be at my place Saturday
when you come over. You can whip her too."
    "God that will be great to whip someone different, but Lena
is in to other kinds of pain too. She has had her nipples pierced
and her pussy lips too."
    "Really. That is great. I have nipple rings and pussy rings I
will give you that I stole from Dad." He laughed, "Dad thinks he
has a shoplifting problem but it is mostly me. You have to be
twenty-one to go in his store but I have a key to the store so I
can go in the back and turn off the alarm. I have all kinds of
goodies. I'll show them to you when you come over."
    That interested me so I sat up. "What do the rings look
like?"
    He grinned and said, "Glad to see you are up. The nipple
rings are about the size of a silver dollar and the pussy ring
about like a quarter. Let me see your nipples."
    I went over to him to offer my breasts, "The holes aren't big
enough but that is no problem we can make them bigger."
    For the rest of the afternoon they  fucked me in the pussy or
my ass and played games Dan and his girl had invented.
    They cut cards three times. any card of five or less was
lashes to my pussy, five to ten went to my tits and eleven or
more went on my butt. If all high cards were drawn the highest
went to my butt the next to my tits and the lowest to my pussy.
They used the thong whip that Bill had made since the braided
whip had marked me pretty bad so I enjoyed even all high cards.
    The other game he said his girl invented. He brought out a
sack full of darts and a long bottle cork. He showed me a dart
and explained, "My girl likes to be punctured but not deep. She
made these darts by straightening little fish hooks and putting
them in dowels. Even though they only go in a little way they
won't fall out because of the barb."
    I looked at them doubtfully but they were no bigger than a
pin and there were only ten of them so I agreed.
They put a loop of rope down from the ceiling to go under my
stomach then tied me bent over so far my tits were pressed
against my legs. They put the cork in my pussy and threw darts at
it with the winner getting a blow job while the loser had to eat
my pussy. They weren't very good at it. The first ten darts all
landed in my pussy lips or ass-crack. It didn't hurt too bad but
then I found the game was not over. They jerked out the darts to
start over and I found they hurt a lot more coming out than going
in because of the barbs. It took more than twenty darts stuck in
my ass, pussy-lips, or thighs before Bill finally hit the cork. I
lived in fear one would hit my clit. I was lucky that didn't
happen. I knew a dart being pulled out of it would hurt awful. 
    The pain was worth it it. I loved my "Master" having to lick
and suck my pussy till I came.
    One Saturday Bill and I biked way out of town to where there
were farms and woods. We thought it would be fun to fuck out in
the open air and it was, but the best part was when we found an
electric fence to keep cattle in. Out of curiosity I touched it.
It jolted me and made my muscle jump but it didn't hurt so I
pulled my shirt up and rested my boobs on the places between
barbs. It was neat! My boobs would jump as the electricity went
off and on in pulses. I grabbed Bill's hand and he jumped and
jerked loose but when I called him a pussy he began slapping my
bare ass which brought shocks to him too. I got him to fuck me
from behind while my tits were on the wire. We both got off on
that. Bill was going to buy a fence charger but our local
hardware store didn't have one and he never bothered to find a
farm store.
    At school I found I was getting pretty jaded. Rooms one, two,
and three were things I could get at home and on weekends. The
other two would keep me interested forever.
    Since I was not afraid of electricity anymore I decided to
try the barbed wire dress form they called "The Barbed Maiden" 
    It took awhile to set it up. Once I was in it with my arms
tied above my head to raise my tits the wires were all tightened
so the barbs were lightly pushing into my flesh. Then the three
wires were brought up in my crotch with the wires on the outside
digging into the lips of my pussy and the center one actually
inside my pussy and resting on my clit.
    When everything was ready they asked how many jolts I wanted.
It always took twenty lashes at least so I asked for twenty
thinking if I didn't quite get to cum I could ask for more.
    It was nothing like the fence. The jolt was just fierce and
my body bounced forward and back and twisted with each jolt as
the barbs dug into my skin.
    It only lasted about twenty seconds according to the teacher.
I let my body settle into the crotch wires ignoring the points
buried in my pussy lips in total exhaustion. They took it off me
while I cried and moaned.
    To add insult to injury I was bleeding all over from the
barbs tearing into me and they put some kind of powder on me to
stop the blood that set me on fire. I screamed till I was hoarse
because it kept burning for several minutes.
    They took me to a bed to rest and recuperate before I went
home. I got home just before my folks. I told Bill to tell them I
was not feeling well and was going to bed. I guess Mom came up to
check on me but I was already asleep in a flannel nightie
buttoned to my neck.
    Bill told me later that she said I didn't have a fever and
would be all right. He also checked on me later but I was still
asleep.
    Naturally I woke up early starved since I had missed dinner
and began making breakfast.for the family. My folks ate and run
since they were weekending with friends again.
    As soon as they left Bill asked what had happened to put me
into bed so I told him.
    "Jesus Lena! Are you nuts? Why didn't you have them touch you
with the cattle prod before you were surrounded by barbed wire.
It is a miracle you didn't skin yourself. Let's see the damage."
    I took off my nightie to show hundreds of scabs all over my
torso made by the powder they had used to stop the blood.
    He put me in a warm tub and gently bathed me. Most of the
scabs came off to leave red blotches all over but no new blood. I
actually felt good after the long sleep and good breakfast. I
gave him a blowjob in gratitude for taking care of me Then we
just made love and played with or massaged each others bodies for
the rest of the day. We could have gone to Dan's but I was
ashamed I had been stupid enough to let my body be turned into
hamburger so Bill called him to make a date for next Saturday.
    On Sunday the rest of the scabs came off and most of the red
spots had faded. I asked Bill to punish me for being so stupid so
I stood with my legs apart while he whipped my inner thighs until
I cried. It was strange how excited I could get from having my
breasts, stomach, pussy and butt whipped but when my back or
lower legs were whipped it just hurt. The rest of the day he did
nothing to let me cum as punishment. I just had to serve him by
sucking and licking his dick and asshole.
    It was Monday and time for Joy of torture. I was scared since
I thought he might make it worse than last time. In a way it was.
    There was a lot of preparation. He had me lie face up on the
"T" table and tied my legs apart but not so wide I was
uncomfortable then he put a strap around my waist and table to
press my butt into it. He hung a grey box from the ceiling then
put long rubber gloves covering my hands and arms then flexible
metal gloves on top of the rubber ones. Finally he hooked wires
from the grey box to my gloves. When he was satisfied all the
electrical connections were tight he explained,
    "This is an experiment to test your will power. When I turn
this on your gloves will carry forty thousand volts of
electricity. Twice as much as the cattle prod you experienced
Friday. Unless you want to experience excruciating pain do not
touch yourself with your gloved hands. It is even possible it
could bring on a heart attack. You will know the electricity is
on by a blinking light on the grey box. Do you understand?"      
    I said that I did and held my hands out and behind my head as
far from my body as I could get them. He plugged in the grey box
and the light began blinking. He picked up a vibrator that looked
like a thin cock and moved it around on my nipples then my
clitoris. In just a few moments my excitement grew to that
terrible point just before orgasm. He stopped! When my breathing
got back to normal he started again running it around my anus
then slowly up the slit of my pussy till it touched my clit. He
stopped again! He knew just when I was about to climax then would
quit till I was going crazy. I tried to breathe normally so he
wouldn't know I was close but it didn't work. He kept bringing me
up to frustrate me until I didn't care if I died I just had to
climax and jammed the metal finger into my pussy. Nothing
happened! I thought it had malfunctioned and rubbed my clit till
I had the orgasm I had earned over and over.
    When I stopped vibrating from my glorious release he
unplugged the box and removed my gloves and released my bonds.
    I felt safe now so I told him the box didn't work.
    "I know. I didn't turn it on. I suspected you were willing to
take a chance on dying rather than being cheated out of your
orgasm. That doesn't mean other things will not be real. From now
on we may just see what is the limit of your tolerance to pain.
     I found I was now totally jaded I never came in room B1, or
B2 and only in B3 because I was fucked for such a long time.
    For my fantasy I didn't want to be fucked or even have my
pussy licked. I just had them whip me on my tits, pussy, and butt
all at the same time till I fainted from the combination of pain
and orgasms.
    On Saturday we went to Dan's place. He introduced us to his
girlfriend, Olga. She was real plain looking with straight hair
pulled back with a bow and wearing a shapeless grey dress. She
looked sad when he said,
    "Bill and Lena meet Olga. I know she doesn't look like much
now but she looks better naked."
    She sat forlornly in a chair with her hands in her lap while
he showed me the gold nipple rings. They were bigger than the
pins put through my nipples. I undressed to show him. Olga seemed
surprised that I offered to do it.
    Dan pulled out my nipples and looked at the ear-rings I had
in them to keep the holes open.
    "Yeah, they will have to be opened up a little but it
shouldn't hurt much since you already have holes. The needle to
do it is in the box with the rings."
    I took out the rings and lifted the cotton they had rested
on. The needle was underneath if you could call it that. I had
never seen a needle that big it was more like a big nail.
    "Oh God. That will hurt awful but I don't care I want the
rings."
    Olga looked incredulous and got up to watch as I was seated
in a chair while Bill got behind me to grip my tits to hold them
steady for Dan. I don't know if he was trying to be kind or mean.
He lined up the point of the nail with my holes and very slowly
pushed it through. It hurt awful. It was too big to just stretch
the skin as the needle had. It made my flesh tear to allow it to
go through and tears came to my eyes as my pussy got wet.
    He showed me how to open the ring and pushed it through my
nipple. It was big enough to put a rope through it. I asked him
to put the nail through my other nipple faster. He did making
just a short sharp pain much better than the first one.
    Olga watched wide eyed as they took turns tugging on them and
agreed how great they would be to tie me for whipping.
    Then Dan turned to Olga and said, "Olga! Get those ugly
clothes off so they can see your great body."
    "No! I won't! You will have to make me."
    Dan seemed to expect that. He had Bill help hold her over the
back of an easy chair and began spanking her hard with a big wood
paddle. She began to cry right away then after about twenty
spanks said while sobbing, "I'll do it! I can't stand the pain."
    He let her up and she began taking off her clothes. It was
quite a production. She took off her shoes, knee socks, dress,
slip. a big cotton bra, and cotton panties. While she was taking
this all off I whispered to Dan, "What is the deal with Olga? The
spanking seemed to hurt her instead of turning her on."
    " She may be braver than you. She is never excited by
whipping and does not want to be. If I don't hit her hard enough
to really hurt she will beg to be hit harder. Her folks are
religious freaks. They and the preacher are always telling her
sex is a sin she must be punished for. The bigger sin she thinks
it is the more she needs to be punished so she won't feel guilty
about it. The first time we fucked I had to rape her. She loved
it so asked me to whip her to relieve her guilt. It is great. She
goes to church on wednesday's and Sundays and comes to me to tell
what they lectured against. We have gone through nude dancing,
straight sex, oral sex. Today she told me about sodomy which is
supposed to be a huge sin. I am anxious to see what punishment
she will need for that."
    Now that she had been punished for nudity she was no longer
bashful. She put her hands behind her back to let her fingers
rest on her nice big round butt and showed off her big breasts
that looked round and firm.  although her stomach was not flat
like mine it just had a small bulge  at her navel.
    She began to speak in a monotone as if she was reciting.
"Today some men working on the streets said, 'Great tits and ass,
Babe' to me. Mama said my body made them think of sex and sin.
She is getting me a training bra to make my breasts smaller and a
tight girdle so my bottom won't move under my dress."
    Dan said, "They should be punished shouldn't they?"
    "Yes. I brought a whip like the one mama made to use on me."
    She handed Dan a whip made by tightly braiding hemp twine. It
was bristling with little stickers.
    "This looks pretty nasty. Do you ever bleed when your mom
uses it?"
    "No. She uses it on top of my clothes. It just makes red
lines that sometimes get purple."
    "About twenty lashes with this should do it."
    "Yes twenty on my left breast, twenty on the right and twenty
on each cheek of my bottom."
    "Are you sure?"
    "Yes. It should hurt more on bare skin. Then I won't feel bad
if you lick my pussy."
    His dad must have been into S&M because the spare bedroom had
pulleys with rope and wrist-cuffs in the ceiling. and cuffs in
the floor for the ankles.
    Dan explained that his Dad had put in the room because some
women customers liked to have various whips tried on them before
they bought them.
    We put on the cuffs then Dan pulled down on the ropes to lift
her off her feet but this wasn't enough.
    "No. Pull me tighter. It doesn't hurt yet."
    Dan jumped up to put all his weight on the ropes then had
Bill tie them that way as she moaned and sobbed. "Oh yes. That is
right. I hurt awfully. I deserve it for letting you all see me
naked. Please whip me. Hard!!"
    When she said that the whip left welts when used on top of
her clothes I doubted her until I was handed the whip to hold
while she was tied. The hemp twine had been braided so tightly
the thongs were very hard. More like wooden dowels than regular
strands and the stickers were so sharp I punctured my finger
feeling them. I shuddered at the thought of them hitting my
breasts especially the stickers hitting my nipples.
    Dan brought the whip behind him to bring it forward in a blur
to hit her left butt-cheek. The thongs sank deep into it leaving
a nasty welt but she just let out a small,"Aiee!" as each lash
dug in for the first ten then just moaned and shuddered for the
last ten. When he switched to the other cheek her little shrieks
started over again and I realized that it only took ten lashes to
deaden the nerves because she again just moaned at the end.
    Her poor butt looked awful! There was blood dripping from it
and the maroon welts were already turning purple. I looked closer
and saw her butt was covered with the stickers that had broken
off the whip. I thought that might make the whip a little less
painful to her breasts.
    Dan must have realized that putting so many lashes on a small
area had caused the nerves to deaden because he did her tits
differently.
    He stood directly in front of her to hit her left breast up,
down, sideways, and diagonally to cover every inch of them
leaving no white places and dragging the lash over her nipples on
each one. They were all hard lashes that made her tits form
grotesque shapes and cause screams to the very end.
    When he did the other one she screamed "No!" piteously with
each one but he ignored her.
    When he finished he was panting and sweating almost as much
as she.
    I felt sorry for her and thought she should know all whipping
was not bad so I asked Dan to let me make her cum.
    She moaned, "Yes. Yes! Make me cum. I have earned it."
    I did but not in the way she expected. By then all the
sticker had broken off the lash to make her butt and breasts look
like a pincushion so I lightly whipped her pussy with it. She
moaned, "No!" as her pussy lips squirmed under the lashes but
after a few she began opening her legs even more and began
pumping toward the lash until she screamed, I'm cumming! Oh God!
I am cumming."
    We watched in awe as her body shuddered and her tummy
pulsated with orgasms until she had calmed.
    Then she began crying very hard with tears running down her
cheeks to splash on her tits.
    I didn't understand. I thought the orgasms would make her
forget the pain. I asked, "Are you alright? I am sorry if I hit
too hard."
    She howled, "I came from being whipped!"
    I still didn't understand and said, "Yes. I thought that
would help you forget the terrible pain to your tits."
    She moaned, "You don't understand. Whipping allows God to
forgive me for enjoying sex. If I cum from being whipped it is
not punishment. What can I do now? I can't stand any greater
pain."
    I thought fast and then said, "You don't understand. God is
proving his forgiveness. Haven't you noticed the pain lessened to
each cheek and breast as the lashing continued. This proves he
was forgiving you. By accepting the additional pain to your pussy
he let you have that fabulous orgasm."
    She gabbed at that concept. "Really? Yes, I think you are
right. I never got that great an orgasm from sex after a whipping
so I must have not accepted enough pain for total forgiveness."
    "Right and now it is time for you to be soothed. We will pull
out the stickers and put on salve."
    It took quite awhile to pull all those stickers out of her
and put on salve. I was wrong about all the stickers being gone
from the whip when I used it on her pussy because I found a few
more stuck in the tender inner lips of her pussy close to her
clit. Doing all this must have been like foreplay to her because
she came right away when the boys fucked her pussy and ass at the
same time while I nibbled on her dark red nipples."
     What I had told her about the pain lessening was true but I
didn't understand why until I read an article in one of Dad's
sports magazine reporting on marathon runners who told them when
pain became too intense it would fade away but other feelings
could continue. At that point it even felt good and they called
it a "Runner's High". They went on to discover torture victims
had discovered their pain would leave too. After a lot of
research they discovered that when pain became too intense the
brain would release endo-morphins  to give the same effect as
morphine and that there was a portion of the brain that could
block pain.
    I suddenly felt much better about myself. My ability to block
pain had nothing to do with my being a slut. This proved that
having the courage to withstand pain provided a reward. The fact
that other feelings remained intact explained the wonderful
orgasms. I was proud that I was brave enough to get to that
wonderful point but I didn't tell Olga because she was happy with
the idea that God was rewarding her.
    It occurred to me that Olga had been very brave to ask for
her whipping now that I knew she had not done it to get an orgasm
and thought I should show that I was brave too. She had asked for
eighty lashes I decided to ask for ten more.
    "It is my turn. You were brave to ask for eighty lashes,
Olga. I am brave too. I will take them untied without trying to
escape. If I don't hold position you can tie me and whip me a
hundred times. I'll bend over and hold on to the ankle cuffs
while Dan whips across my butt ten times, Olga whips down ten
times, and Bill whips upward ten times.
    Then I will kneel with my hands behind my head while Olga
hits across my breasts ten times, Bill hits down ten times then
Dan hits up.
    Finally I will lay back over a chair while I my pussy is hit
across by Dan, down by Bill, and up by Olga.
    I may need a little break before assuming a new position
since I have never been whipped with such a nasty whip. Is that
alright?"
    Everyone agreed but Olga said, "I think you are crazy. You
will probably end up with a hundred. No-one is that brave."
    After the first twenty I was afraid she might be right. The
pain was terrible but then Bill hit upwards a little easier
letting the end hit my pussy to let me have an orgasm.
    Thankfully Olga's whipping had taken off the stickers so I
was not bleeding although I had welts much worse than any other
whip had caused.
    After a few minutes I got my breath back and worked up the
courage to kneel on the large box Dan brought in to get my
breasts up high enough so they would not have to bend over for
the lashes sideways. The pain was too much to let me cum! My
breasts danced and burned under the lashes while I cried and
howled. I was so exhausted from the pain when Dan finished with
his lashes that caused my tits to hit my chin I just slumped over
sobbing.
    It took longer to recover and even them my breasts burned and
throbbed. Bill felt sorry for me and said, "This is too much.
Would you like us to tie you for a hundred with a less painful
whip?"
    My pride wouldn't let me do it. "No! It was my idea and I'll
go through with it if it kills me."
    I laid back over the chair but had to be told to open my legs
and told again to spread them more until the tendons in my inner
thighs were bulging and my pussy lips had opened.
    They must have been impressed by my bravery because none of
them hit as hard. I was cumming by the fifteenth lash and
continued to the end when I slumped into a faint.
    When I came to I was lying on the floor with Bill's jacket
under my head and Olga was being fucked in the ass by Bill while
she sucked Dan.
    When they came they noticed I was awake and told Olga to suck
my pussy as a reward for my bravery.
    She refused! "No! I could never do that! That is lesbianism!
It is a terrible sin."
    I was mad. I deserved a reward after my ordeal. "Yes you
will! If you don't do it right now I will make you beg me to do
it."
    "No! You can't make me do that."
    "Guys. Tie her ankles to the ceiling cuffs. Spread her legs
wide and get some nipple clamps to tie her hands to."
    When she was in position hanging upside down with her legs
widespread I stepped in front of her and brought the whip down on
her pussy hard because I just wanted her to have the worst pain
possible. She kept screaming, "No! No!" while she pulled her
nipples and breasts into grotesque shapes trying to get her hand
over her tortured pussy until I made the tips of the whip hit
directly on her clit causing an anguished scream followed by,
"I'll do it. I'll do it! Please stop."
    "Say, Please let me suck your pussy. I am a slutty lesbian.
I'll love doing it."
    "No! I am not a lesbian."
    I brought another lash down with the tips digging into her
ass-hole to bring blood. That must have been horrible because she
ripped the clamps off her nipples to bring blood and grabbed her
crotch.
    "Stop! Stop!" She wailed, "I am a dirty lesbian. I want to
suck your pussy."
    They let her down and I made her suck until I couldn't cum
anymore while her tears rolled down her cheeks."
    When I let her get up she wailed, "I am so ashamed. God never
forgave me. The pain just got worse and I was not brave enough to
atone for this and never could be that brave."
    I went too far. From then on she would not come to Dan's
place if I was there. I was disappointed. It had given me a great
feeling of power to make her eat me and I wanted her to do even
more degrading acts but Dan and Bill didn't want to lose her.
    The next day My breasts still hurt and were covered with
nasty purple welts. Bill caressed them with salve and made gentle
love to me all day to make up for it.
    Bill had a worried look on his face so I asked him what was
wrong. He said, "What you did to Olga scares me. If you hadn't
stopped she would have had to go to a doctor and there would have
been no way to explain how she was hurt. We could be arrested.
From now on I am just going to use easy whips so I know you won't
be hurt bad if I get carried away."
    "But I trust you and those wimpy whips don't really excite me
anymore."
    "I don't care. I like hurting you. I am afraid I will really
hurt you bad with the bad whips."
    For the next few weeks he just gave me wimpy whipping that
was not nearly enough to make me cum.
    To make matters worse one of the girls was caught in the
shower at home and her mother saw welts. She complained to the
school and it scared them so they just whipped hard enough to
redden the skin. I was totally frustrated.
    I remembered what Dan had said about women coming to the shop
to have his dad test whips on them. He looked really mean but I
was sure he was experienced enough to cause enough pain to really
get me off without the need for medical treatment.
    Dan had said that business was really slow in the mornings
because most of their customers did not come in until after work
so I skipped school and went to his shop. I had to wait around
until he opened at ten am but the wait just increased my
excitement as I imagined what he may do.
    I was sitting on a bus bench playing with myself under my
coat when I turned around and saw the lights in the shop were on.
He evidentally entered from the rear.
    I went in but as soon as he noticed me he yelled, "Hey kid.
Get out of here. Didn't you see the sign? No Minors!"
    "Wait. I just want to talk to you a minute."
    I had opened my coat so he could see my tiny cut off shorts
and my tight t-shirt over my bare tits and he must have been
impressed by my body.
    "Well, you have the body of an adult but you can't be out
here. Come back to my office."
    The only thing that made it an office was a desk in the
corner. The rest of the room had various whips and paddles
hanging on the wall and chains coming down from the ceiling and
on the walls.
    I told him I was excited by whipping but the little wimpy
whipping my brother gave me were not enough to get me the really
great climax. I pointed out a really evil looking whip about six
feet long with three small tails at the end.
    "That really looks exciting. It would be like the whips they
used on slaves during the civil war. I saw a picture in a history
book."
    "I don't sell that one. The whipper has to have a lot of
experience because if not used right it can cut you to ribbons.
Even used easy you would have to be worked up to it with smaller
whips to get excited enough to stand it."
    I shuddered in a combination of fear and excitement then
asked, "I want to know what it is like. I don't mind if you work
up to it."
    "If you are tough enough you will get to orgasms so strong
you will pass out. I doubt that you are that tough but you can
think about it for awhile. There are some pictures in the top
drawer of women being whipped. You can decide on the position you
want to be in for the whipping. The pictures are in color so you
can see the effect of the various whips. I have some work to do
in the shop. I'll be back in about fifteen minutes. The pictures
may convince you to go home."
    He left and I ran to the file cabinet. They were polaroids
evidentally taken after the whipping was over. The whip used on
them was hanging by their side. Some were conscious with a
totally exhausted look on their faces and some were obviously
unconscious. The common denominator was a shininess on their
pussies or thighs indicating the juices that had come from their
cunts.
    I picked out a few that had a frontal view with blossoms on
the skin from knots, or lead tipped whips, the one on the wall,
and one I was just curious about. This whip just had two shiny
metal wires on a big handle. There were barely discernible lines
on her body from the wires but her thighs were wet and she had a
wild look on her face. I thought it must be one he used just to
start out with but she had obviously had a fantastic orgasm.
    I opened another drawer and found a scrapbook full of
newspaper clippings of murders around the country from women
being whipped to death. That scared me. I was still reading it
when he walked in.
    "What are you doing? I told you the top drawer!"
    "Why would you want these? These are terrible. The women must
have suffered terribly before they died."
    He snatched it out of my hand but then offered an
explanation.
    "I keep those to remind me not to get carried away."
    That made sense. I was relieved he would keep them to make
sure he didn't hurt someone too badly.
    I changed the subject to ask him about the strange wire whip
that had created so much excitement without leaving bad welts.
    "That is my own invention. The handle contains several
batteries to create a painful electric shock when you are hit.
Nude dancers have me use it because the marks are gone in an hour
but the pain is plenty bad enough to get them off."
    "Oh yes! I know what that is like. I was touched by a cattle
prod while wrapped in barbed wire."
    "God! That must have cut you up!"
    "Yes but they were just little cuts that healed in a few
days."
    "The whip is better. It won't cut you."
    "Okay. Should we try it?"
    "No. Not yet. Like I said you should be excited by lesser
things first. Pick out two other whips."
    I decided to let him know I was tough and picked out a long
buggy whip and a cat of nine tails that had knots in each tail.
    He was impressed. "Those are mean whips. You are lucky I know
how to use them."
    "Don't be too easy. I won't be excited unless there are
welts."
    "There will be welts. How do you want to be tied?"     
    "I think if I spread my legs real wide I can fit those iron
manacles on the wall."
    "If you do that I can only hit either the front or back of
your body. It might be better for you to hang in the center of
the room so I can spread the lashes around more."
    I began to think he would be wimpy too and said, "I don't
want them spread around. I want to be hit where I am sensitive.
I'll face out so you can hit my front. If I stay conscious you
are a wimp."
    "I think you are all talk but we will see. Strip so I can see
my targets."
    I just had on the shorts and T-shirt so I was naked in a
moment and backed up to the wall stretching out my arms and legs
so he could snap the padded iron manacles on me.
    I said, "About twenty with each whip should be about right."
    "I'll make that decision. I'll know when you are ready for
the next whip and when you have reached the ultimate orgasm. I
can't have you screaming. This place is not sound-proof enough."
    At that he jammed a rubber ball in my mouth so big it
stretched my lips and tied it behind my head. That scared me
because I would not be able to beg for mercy if it became too bad
but it also excited me to be so completely helpless.
    Then he said, "Watch your tits. You will be fascinated by the
effect of this whip."
    He picked up the buggy whip which I thought was worse than
the cat. He had to step way back because it was almost eight feet
long.
    Then it hit at the top part of my tits. There was a loud
"Snap!" followed by a deep sting as I saw it sink into my breasts
to pop back out leaving a deep red stripe. It really hurt and
tears popped out of my eyes.
    He came over to feel the welt then said, "You have good
strong skin. The rest can be a little harder."
    I shook my head and moaned but he ignored me and brought
another about an inch lower. This brought out another scream
through my nose but he ignored it and brought it into me again.
He was really expert with the whip. I saw the red lines perfectly
spaced slowly working toward my nipples. The next hit just at the
edge of the pinkness on the outside of my nipple. I closed my
eyes tightly because I knew the next would hit directly on them
and I could not stand to see it.
    There was a terrible pain as it hit dead center on both
nipples. I came! I had never cum with so few lashes. He had only
hit me six times and more amazing he knew it.
    "Good. That is your first orgasm. I'll give you some more
with the Cat then you will be ready for the electricity."
    He picked up the cat and used it on my breasts and pussy
until they were covered with polka-dots and I began coming some
more.
    Finally he picked up the electric whip which he only used on
my nipples and clit to make my muscles spasm so bad I thought I
may dislocate my joints althoug I was crying hysterically monster
orgasms ripped through my body until I passed out.
    I woke up lying on the floor. He was putting ointment on my
welts and blossoms. When he saw I was awake he said, "This stuff
is for sunburn but I found it works very well on skin made red by
the whip. I did a good job. I never broke your skin. Aren't you
going to thank me?"
    "Oh yes! Thank you! I have never cum so hard so fast. You are
wonderful!"
    "Good. You can thank me by swallowing my dick."
    "Oh yes that is the least I can do."
    "I want it to last so I don't want you to use your hands.
Kneel with your legs apart. He wrapped fish line around my wrists
with alligator clips on the ends then pulled my hands down to my
pussy and snapped the clamps on my pussy lips.
    "How does that feel?"
    "It hurts bad. Will you take them off when you cum?"
    "It must not hurt enough because you aren't crying and are
asking questions."
    He took out more clamps and lined them up on my lips then put
two more on each nipple. By then I was crying as the pain was
relentless and seemed to be getting worse by the moment.
    "That must be about right. You can take your mind off the
pain by playing with your clit while you suck me."
    He was right. I began a new series of orgasms and hoped he
would take a long time to cum so I could continue to stroke my
clit with one hand while tugging at the biting clamps with the
other.
    Just when I thought I would collapse he flooded my mouth with
his cum then stood up to pull his shorts and pants back up. He
pushed me onto my back and began taking off the clips. Amazingly
they hurt more being taken off than they had when he put them on.
    I just laid there kind of dreamy then asked, "Did you take a
picture of me?"
    "Of course. You are a star of my collection."
    "Thank you. Could I see it please?"
    He went to the drawer and got it to hand it to me. He had
taken three. One of all of me then close-ups of my tits and
pussy. I was amazed. My body looked awful. Either I was
unconscious for quite awhile or that ointment did miracles. I was
proud that I could stand that much pain. I was sure other girls
would feel sick just by looking at them and imagining how their
bodies would feel.
    "You are really good with the whip. I must have been just on
the verge of bleeding. Maybe next time you could let me bleed
just a little. Then my picture could really stand out from the
others."
    "Maybe but we would need a couple of days for you to heal and
if you were willing to go that far we should go to my cabin in
the woods miles from anyone so you can let yourself scream."
    "You have a cabin? That would be great. I saw a picture once
where a black woman was hung from a tree and whipped with a long
black whip while a crowd of people watched. We couldn't have a
crowd but you might be able to get a whip like that."
    "I have one. I haven't used it because it is so long and
heavy it is impossible to use it lightly and up to you no-one has
been willing to be cut."
    "Oh I don't want to be cut much. Just enough so I can have a
few scars on my tits, stomach and crotch so I can see them in my
mirror to excite me."
    "I don't know. Young girls have a tendency to have big
mouths. If you can keep your mouth shut about today we may
arrange a week-end sometime but you can't tell anyone. Not even
your brother who knows you like to be whipped."
    Oh I won't. I won't even let him see me naked until all the
red is gone. Next weekend would be perfect. It is a three day
weekend and my folks are going on a trip. I can tell my brother I
am going to visit a friend. I know he would like the house to
himself. He has a new girlfriend he is training to be his slave.
    Tonight is the night. I am going to meet him at the bus
station. He has promised three days of glorious orgasms. 
    As usual I am re-reading this journal before going to a
whipping to get me excited. I am a little worried about the
clippings I saw at his place especially since Dan and him had
moved here from the town that had the latest murder.
    It has to be just a coincidence. Actually it excites me. It
would have to be the ultimate to be whipped until you die.

                             The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





