BDSM Library - Kim




Kim
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The little tgirl with drunken mom is taken advantage of by landlord then mom disappears and she is put into foster home where owners love to discipline her.
                               KIM
                            by Allene

    I don't remember my dad at all. I understand he left us when
I was very small.
    My most vivid memories of Mom was her frustration, sadness
and drunkenness.
    My childhood memories were my being poor and being shamed and
ostracised by the kids in school. I hated school but Mom said I
had to go or she could be kicked off welfare. Almost all the
money from the welfare check after rent of our shabby apartment
went for whiskey for Mom. We got enough to eat from government
food depots and missions.
    I was taught to obey adults by spankings by Mom or the school
principal for any dis-obedience.
    I guess I was about twelve. I remember Mom saying we had to
look for a bra for me the next time we went to Goodwill to get
clothes.
    Mr. Mills our landlord came to collect the rent. I had never
seen him before because I had always been in school when he came.
I knew where Mom kept the rent money so I gave it to him. He
didn't leave right away. He looked at me a little strangely then
told me to turn around slowly. Then he had me lift my skirt so he
could see my legs. It didn't occur to me to refuse although I
didn't understand his interest. Then he told me to raise it up to
my waist. I was embarressed and refused because the only man who
saw my panties was the principal when he spanked me with a ruler.
He said, "Ah come on. I just want to see if your butt is as cute
as it looks. I'll give you a dollar."
    With a dollar I could get a hamburger and a coke so I decided
that it wouldn't hurt anything and raised it up and held it
around my stomach. He had me turn around again then he decided my
panties were too loose to tell if my bottom was firm. Before I
knew what was happening he pulled the back into the crack of my
butt Leaving the cheeks bare. I blushed and dropped the skirt.
    Then he said thoughtfully, "You could be pretty if you were
fixed up. You have a really cute butt. Come along with me and we
will get you some decent clothes."
    I thought we would be going to goodwill but he took me to a
real department store. I was really excited to see all the pretty
things. He had the lady at the store measure me for size then he
bought a cute dress, shoes, stockings, and some tiny panties. I
was thrilled!
    When we came out of the store he said, "We will have to clean
you up before you can wear those new clothes. Don't you ever take
a bath?"
    I was embarressed because I knew I was dirty but I explained
that we had no hot water and it was too cold to wash anything but
my face, hands. and feet.
    "I didn't know that. Why didn't your mom complain?"
    "I guess she doesn't care much. She didn't take baths too
often when we had hot water."
    "Well if you are a good girl. I will fix it."
    He drove on then said, "Since you don't have hot water we
will stop at my place."
    He lived in a house! I had never been in a house. He saw I
was impressed and showed me around. It had a living room, a
dining room, a big kitchen, two bedrooms, and a large tiled
bathroom. It made our one room apartment seem just tiny. Now that
I look back I realized that it was still in a bad neighborhood
only five blocks from our apartment but it was grand to me.
    When we got to the bathroom he just pulled my dress over my
head and pulled down my panties then turned on the faucets to
adjust the temperture of the water filling the tub. He finally
got it right and sat on the toilet to look at me. I had backed up
to the door and was holding one arm over my breasts and my hand
over my crotch.
    "Why are you covering up like that?"
    I am embarressed. Mom said I shouldn't be naked. She spanked
me when I was playing with just my panties on when I was
smaller."
    "There is nothing wrong with being naked. Wait here I'll show
you."
    He had me move out of the way and went out the door. He came
back in a minute with two magazines. They had lots of pictures of
pretty naked girls all smiling. After I had looked at a few he
said, "See if you are pretty there is nothing wrong with it. You
should only hide when you are ugly."
    By then the tub was full and he had me get into it. He began
to wash me with a sweet smelling soap. I said I could do it but
he said he wanted to make sure I was really clean. I blushed
again when he washed between my butt cheeks and on my pussy but
it felt too good to complain.
    He had me sit in the tub then washed my hair. Then he just
turned on the hot water a trickle to keep the water warm. He
dried and combed out my hair before he had me stand up and get
out. Then he dried me with real soft towels even between my
cheeks and spreading the lips of my pussy to dab at the pink
parts. I was in heaven, No-one had ever paid any attention to me
before and he made me proud by telling me every time he dried a
part of me that it was beautiful.
    Then he took me into the bedroom where he had left my new
clothes. He had me lie on my back on the bed then said. "If you
want to get big and beautiful like the girls in the pictures you
need to exercise. I'll show you."
    He put his hands on my breasts and began to pull and knead
them occassionly pinching and pulling the nipples until I felt
strangely excited and felt a tingle in my crotch.
    Then he said, "This has to be exercised too if you want to
become a woman."
    He licked his finger then started sliding it up and down the
slit of my pussy. Then he used his other hand to open the lips
and pushed his finger inside and made circular motions around a
little hard place toward the top. It felt wonderful and I felt my
excitement growing. I spread my legs more and pushed up my butt
so he could get to it easier. It just kept feeling better and
better until I went into my first orgasm. I had never touched my
pussy before except for a quick wash and had no idea it could
feel so wonderful. I wondered why Mom hadn't told me and asked
him.
    He said, "Some women are strange and that my mom was one of
them. Just like she doesn't want you naked she doesn't want you
to enjoy yourself. You better not tell her. She would just get
mad."
    I was sure he was right. Once when I asked her about the hair
starting to grow on my crotch she just got upset and said that it
was because I was getting older and to leave my pussy alone. At
least I found out what that area was named.
    He had me get in my new clothes and walk around and pose for
him. He kept telling me how pretty I was and made me proud.
    On the way out the door he told me that I shouldn't tell Mom
I had been with him because she didn't like him.
    I knew that was true, she was always bitching about him
coming around demanding the rent on welfare check day. He told me
that if she asked about the clothes just to say one of my
girlfriends had given them to me.
    When I got home Mom said I was late for dinner. She had found
a dollar on the table and used it to buy some hamburger meat. I
would have to warm up mine. I was angry because that was my
dollar but couldn't complain without telling her how I got it.
She was a little drunk as usual but she finally noticed my new
dress and said, "Where in the Hell did you get the dress?"
    I told her the story about my new girlfiend who had given it
to me because it was too small for her. To my surprize she got
really mad.
    "We might be poor but we don't have to beg from friends! Take
that off and come over here I am going to teach you some pride!"
    I was really scared but I took off the dress and went over to
her. She had me lean over the back of a chair then picked up a
wire coat-hanger and twisted it together to make one thick wire
and began hitting my butt and thighs with it. It hurt terribly
and she didn't quit till my new panties were shredded and I was
bleeding. She told me to go to bed and I went to my mattress in
the corner and laid on my belly crying my eyes out till I went to
sleep.
    I woke up early and my butt was still aching so I climbed up
in a chair to look at it in the mirror over the sink. I tried to
pull down my shredded panties but they were stuck in some scabs
and blood clots and I couldn't bear to pull them loose. I didn't
know what to do so I put on my dress and went over to Mr. Mills.
    I was crying again by the time I was knocking on his door.
When he opened it I hugged him and told him that Mom had beaten
me real bad.
    He had me come in and take off my dress so he could see the
damage.
    "Wow! She really did a job on you. Does she do this to you a
lot?"
    "She spanks me a lot but she always used a strap before that
just made me red. This time she pulled out a coat hanger and
twisted it to make like a rope. It was just terrible."
    "I can see that. First of all we have to get you into a warm
bath to soften the clots."
    He filled the tub and had me lie on my belly so he could
gently stoke my bottom. At first the water burned a little but
eventually the clots washed off and the scabs softened enough for
him to pull off the shreds and get my panties off. Then he had me
get out of the tub and gently dried me again spending a lot of
time drying my breasts and pussy. I was getting excited when he
led me to the bed and had me lie on my stomach so he could put
salve on my butt.
    The salve burned when it hit a cut causing me to yip and
flinch. He said he was sorry it hurt but we had to do it so I
wouldn't get infected then told me to put my finger in my pussy
to take my mind off it. That really helped! Now the stings on my
butt just seemed to add to my excitement and I began having
orgasms in a few minutes. Watching me get excited must have got
him excited too because he jumped up and went to the bathroom
slamming the door behind him.
    My hand and pussy were all wet so I got up to go to the
kitchen to wash them then came back to look at my butt in his
full length mirror. It had big black and blue welts but all the
blood and scabs were gone and it was just aching a little. I was
still looking at it when he came out.
    He went to a drawer and came over to me with some panties in
his hand.
    "These belonged to my ex-wife. She was a little bigger than
you but they will work."
    I had never seen panties like them before. There was just a
triangle to cover my pussy and strings that went up the crack of
my butt and up to my waist. My whole butt was still bare which he
said was good since the panties would not rub on it.
    He said, "It is time for you to go to school. To keep from
getting hurt by your Mom you should stay away from her as much as
possible. When you get home tell her that I offered you a job
cleaning apartments where you can make ten dollars after school."
    School seemed to last forever. I was constantly aware of my
butt. When I walked there were cool breezes on it and when I sat
in the hard chairs it would throb. After school I ran most of the
way home to tell Mom about my job.
    She was delighted and said I would give her six of it and I
could keep four and that I should ask to be paid cash every day
so the welfare wouldn't find out about it. I knew how she had
decided to make the split of money. Her bottle of whiskey cost
six dollars.
    She told me to go over to Mr. Mills before he changed his
mind and said I had better make him happy with me. If he fired me
she would give me the worst spanking I could imagine.
    I hurried over to Mr. Mills. When he opened the door he must
have just got out of the shower because his hair was wet and he
was wearing a robe. I told him excitedly that I was ready to go
to work.
    I was disappointed when he said he did not have anything
lined up but brightened when he said I could stay with him until
eight and he would still give me the ten dollars.
    He told me to take off my dress and panties so he could see
how my butt was healing. I knew with those panties all I would
have to do is raise my skirt but I did not object because I
expected him to tell me how pretty I was again.
    I wasn't disappointed. He felt my breasts and flat stomach
and said when I got bigger I could be a model for photographers.
    Then he took me over to the mirror so I could see my butt.
The welts had flattened out and now it was just bruised.
    He had me lie on the bed again to put more salve on it. It
felt wonderful and even though I did not have the excuse of
fighting pain I put my finger in my pussy again. I was soon
panting and my body was pulsating in orgasm.
    He turned me over and put his finger on the little nubbin in
my pussy that felt so good and said,
    This thing you have that feels so good when you rub it is
called a clitoris. Men have the same thing only bigger. We call
it a dick. I'll show you."
    He opened his robe to show me a hard thing about seven inches
long and almost as big around as my wrist. He had me touch it. It
was hard but the skin was real soft. The head must have been real
sensitive because he flinched when I ran my finger over it. I
wrapped my fingers around it and began to stroke it then touched
a bag with two big lumps in it he said were his balls and that
they were real sensitive and to be gentle. He laid back on the
bed and smiled while I stroked it then told me it would feel
better if it was wet and told me to lick it. I knew it was clean
because he had just got out of the shower so I licked it till it
was real wet and ended by putting the head in my mouth. Now that
it was wet I began to stroke it again. He kind of shivered and
told me to stroke it faster. Then he made a face and grunted and
white stuff shot out of the hole in the end.
    He told me that was sperm that made babies when it was in a
womans pussy and that we couldn't put it in my pussy till he had
bought some birth control pills for me.
    I told him it would never go in me because my pussy was too
little. He put in his finger and then another. I gasped at the
stretching and he said, "You are right. It is too small. We will
have to work on that."
    He went over to another drawer and got a little dick made of
rubber and put it in his mouth to wet it before he had me open my
legs and gently put it inside me. Then he had me stand up so he
could tighten my panties to hold it in. He had me vacuum the
floor while it was in me. Every move I made caused it to move and
it got me so excited I stopped to pull down my panties so I could
slide it in and out. When I had an orgasm I shoved it in as far
as I could to feel a sharp pain. I pulled it out and it had blood
on it.I ran over to cry I had hurt myself but he just said that
there was no problem. I had just popped my cherry and now I could
use a bigger one.
    He went back to the drawer and brought one almost as big as
his. He let me put it in and if I had not been so wet I don't
think I could have done it. He was right though, although it
stretched me it didn't hurt and I began to push it in and out.
    He told me to leave it alone and put on my panties and told
me to put on my dress so we could go out and get something to
eat. He put on pants and a shirt and led me out the door with the
dick moving at each step. When I sat down in his car it sunk into
me all the way making me gasp. He said he expected me to act like
a perfect lady at the restaurant but I couldn't resist wriggling
in the hard chair to make it move and ate without even tasting.
The waiter looked at me funny and Mr. Mills told me I was not 
acting like a lady and to sit up straight and be still. I tried
but I couldn't resist tilting my pelvis forward now and then to
make it move.
    When we got to the car I grabbed for it to move it but he
told me to leave it alone and put my hands on the dashboard.
    By the time we got back to his house I was at that terrible
time of excitement just before an orgasm. He took off my dress
and panties and then pulled out the dick. I whimpered at the loss
but then he said, "You were not a lady at the restaurant. I will
have to give you a spanking."
    I began to cry saying my butt was too sore to be spanked but
he said, "Your butt is not what got you in trouble. I am going to
spank your pussy."
    That really scared me because I was sure that would hurt even
more than my butt and I whimpered, "No. I don't want to be hurt.
I want to go home."
    He said, "Not all spankings are bad. You have to learn to
trust me. I promise I won't hurt you bad but I won't force you.
If you want to go home just go, but don't ever come back."
    I was trapped! I knew if I went home to tell Mom I was
quitting to avoid a spanking she would whip me terribly."
    I cried, "No! I don't want to go home! I trust you!"
    "Fine. That is better. Say please spank my pussy until it is
nice and red."
    That was hard because I knew that my butt had to be hit
pretty hard to make it red and it seemed worse to have to
volunteer for the pain but I had no choice and whimpered, "Please
spank my pussy until it is red."
    He had me lie on the bed and then put a pillow under my butt
to raise up my pussy. He went to the drawer and brought back a
leather strap about three inches wide and a foot long. I began to
cry again when I saw it but he just came over and began spanking
my pussy. He didn't hit hard and the strap was soft. To my
surprise there was just a little sting and I was soon back at the
peak of excitement. My reaction seemed to surprise and delight
him as I spread my legs even wider and began to pump my hips to
meet the strap and twist to let it cover every inch of it. He
spanked it till I was panting in orgasm while I squeezed my
breasts.
    He let me calm down a moment while I caressed my red pussy
now wet with my juices then took off his clothes and laid down
beside me on his back. He had me get on top of him and held his
dick pointed at my slit. I used my fingers to spread it then let
myself down on it. There was a terrible stretching till the head
was in but then I found I was wet enough so I could slide it in
till my butt was resting on his thighs. I got my breath and began
to slowly raise myself up and down on it. Suddenly he said,
"Faster! Faster!" and began spanking my breasts and stomach with
the strap. I worked up to a powerful orgasm just as he pushed me
off to let his dick spurt out semen on his stomach.
    I had never felt such wonderful excitement in my life and
hugged him and kissed him while I said, "Thank you! Thank you."
over and over.
    Evidentally he was worn out because after he had rested
awhile he told me to get dressed and told me to go home after
giving me ten dollars.
    On the way home I became excited again just by reliving my
experience in my mind. I knew it was strange to enjoy pain but
decided that I must just be special and no matter how much I was
hurt it would be worth it as long as I could get the wonderful
orgasms.
    When I got home Mom was pacing the floor and grabbed my ten
dollars and ran out the door to get to the liquor store before it
closed.
    After she had left our apartment looked worse than ever after
his grand house so I began to clean it.
    She came back and gave me four dollars then said, "Work must
be good for you. Now maybe you will keep this place clean. Will
you always get home this late?"
    "Probably. It takes quite a bit of time."
    "He should pay you more. You were gone about five hours."
    "Oh I didn't work all that time. Most of it was spent getting
supplies and driving to the apartment."
    "Well maybe, but if he likes your work you should ask for a
raise."
    I argued that I was lucky to get the job because most people
said I had to be sixteen to work and she grudgingly agreed.
    I was real tired so I went to bed. She was still drinking
when I went to sleep.
    The next morning I checked my butt and it looked a lot better
with just a few bruises. I thought that Mr. Mills must have a
miracle salve.Even more surprising was my pussy. It had returned
to it's normal color and no-one could guess that it had been so
red the night before.
    The day at school was endless since I was so anxious to get
to Mr. Mills. I fidgited so much and day dreamed that one of my
teachers sent me to the principal.
    He took me into his office and locked the door then had me
bend over his desk. He got his ruler out of his drawer but when
he pulled up my skirt and saw my bare butt he put down the ruler
and began to spank with his hand. He didn't spank hard but it
lasted a long time because between each spank he rubbed my butt.
It began to excite me especially when he rubbed close to my
pussy. I remembered my last spanking that really hurt and wished
I had been wearing the panties that bared my butt before. It was
hard not to ask him to hit harder but I was sure he would think I
was weird. I am sure he realized that I wasn't being hurt badly
in spite of the loud "Slaps!" since my only reaction was low
moans and squirming.
    When he finally stopped I was so excited it was hard to keep
my hand away from my pussy. He did something new. He told me to
give him a kiss and thank him for the spanking. I did and I meant
it. When he hugged me I felt his hard dick against my stomach and
knew I had excited him. Before I left he told me that if I felt
guilty about anything to come back and he would give me another
spanking so I could relieve my guilt.
    I enjoyed the warm feeling on my butt from his spanking
through my last class then ran to Mr. Mills house.
    When I got near I saw him loading a vacuum cleaner in his
station-wagon. When I got to him he told me to get in the car as
a tenant had moved out and we had to clean the place. 
    I was disappointed. It had not occurred to me that there
would be real work. I thought it was just an excuse for mom.
    It turned out okay. It was just a one room apartment like
ours that just needed vacuuming and the sinks cleaned. He said to
make it more interesting for me that I should do it naked with
the rubber dick in me. It only took a little while to clean the
place but that was long enough to make me really excited. I went
to him and asked him to put his dick in me.
    He seemed to enjoy seeing me so excited. He took out the dick
then began squeezing my breasts and fingering my pussy but that
just made me more excited and I began to beg. "Please put your
dick in me. I need it. Please!"
    He said, "Putting my dick in you is called fucking. Say
please fuck me while you whip my breasts."
    That made me more excited because I remembered how that had
made me crazy.
    "Please whip my breasts while you fuck me. Do it all you
want!"
    Then he reached into a sack and brought out a whip about two
feet long made of braided leather with a knot on the end."
    He looked at me staring at the evil looking whip then
said,"Do you still want them whipped?"
    I knew it would hurt a lot more than the strap he had used
but I was too excited to care.
    "Yes. Yes! Just fuck me."
    He pulled off his pants and laid on the floor holding that
beautiful dick straight up for me to get on and slide down. As
soon as I began pumping up and down on it he started whipping my
breasts. It hurt a lot more than the strap but I didn't care! The
pain just sent thrills to my pussy. I watched with a weird
fascination while they bobbed on my chest almost like they
belonged to someone else as little red blossoms from the knot
multiplied. I brought my arms behind my back to tighten them and
push them out as one red line followed another in time to the
shocks to my pussy. At the end I just sat on it as hard as I
could and squirmed waving my tits so the lashes could hit every
inch with an even sharper pain when the knot would hit my nipple.
I must have kinda spaced out, the next thing I remember was lying
on the floor while he tenderly put salve on the dozens of red
lines and blossoms where the knot had hit my tits. I decided that
it didn't matter how much he hurt me. The orgasms and the gentle
application of salve on my sensitive skin made it more than worth
it.
    When we had rested a minute he had me dress except for my
panties so we could put the cleaning stuff in the car to go back
to his place. We stopped at a restaurant that had big white
tablecloths. He had me pull the table cloth up on my lap then
said, "Remember to be a lady."
    He slipped off his shoe and pushed his big toe in my pussy! I
gasped and then spread my legs a little but tried to keep my face
calm. He grinned at my effort which got greater as my body began
to pulse and tremor. He kept it up even when the waiter came. It
was lucky he ordered the food because I wouldn't have been able
to talk.
    He noticed my tits bobbing as the tremors went through my
body in orgasm so he took his toe out so I could calm down enough
to eat. I noticed a man staring at me but I just stared back at
him and he looked down at his food.
    I hugged him and held his dick through his pants all the way
to his place. As soon as we got inside I slipped off my dress. He
grinned at me and said, "You are really getting to be a horny
little goat aren't you."
    "What do you mean?"
    "I mean you really love the whipping and fucking."
    "Oh yes! It is fantastic. Wouldn't anyone?"
    "Well maybe not anyone but It is fine that you do. Which is
best for you? The whipping or the fucking?"
    "Gee I don't know? They are both really exciting but I guess
the whipping makes the fucking even more exciting."
    "Fine! Are you ready for your pussy spanking? You were making
faces and panting in the restaurant."
    I was afraid of the whip on my sensitive pussy so I said
hopefully as he put me on the bed with my butt on the pillow,
    "With the strap?"
    "If that is what you want, ask for it."
    "Ooh yes. Whip my pussy with the strap! Please!"
    This time he did it differently. He sat on my chest while he
whipped me. I reached around him to stroke his dick and kiss and
nibble on his butt till I got so excited I let my arms fall out
to my side to help me pump up my hips to meet the strap till I
came over and over till I kind of collapsed in exhaustion.
    Then he let me rest while he put away the strap and got us
glasses of water. I was so thirsty I swallowed the whole glass. I
noticed his dick was soft so I started to stroke it because it
was fun to watch it grow. He moved closer so I gave it a little
kiss. He said,"You want to suck it so it will get good and hard
to fuck you don't you?"
    I just kind of moaned "Yes.."
    "Just tell me what you want."
    "I want to suck your dick till it is hard."
    "Then go ahead."
    I opened my mouth wide and pushed the head inside. He pushed
forward and made me gag so I wrapped my fingers around it to keep
it from going too deep then licked and sucked till he grunted and
sperm shot in my mouth. I didn't know what to do with it so I
swallowed it since it didn't taste bad then watched diappointedly
as his dick began to soften and shrivel even while I was stroking
it.
    I asked him if it would get hard again soon and he told me he
doubted it since I had sucked him dry. He saw I was disappointed
and said, "I think we can get you off again. Come with me."
    He took me into the other bedroom. It was all changed. The
bed was gone and hooks had been put in the ceiling and floor with
ropes and padded leather straps at the end of the ropes. He said,
    "I want to make an experiment. I want to see if you can cum
without pain. The ropes will keep you from hurting yourself."
    He put the straps around my ankles and wrists then tightened
the ropes till I was stretched into an "X" shape.
    Then he went to a drawer and brought back a rubber dick
almost as big as his. He slowly worked it into my pussy by
twisting it. When it was in all the way he turned a switch. It
began to vibrate! He sat in a chair and watched me with a grin on
his face while he idly slapped a strap on his leg. The dick got
me into a state of excitement but since I couldn't move it with
my hand or squeeze my legs together I was stuck in a high state
of excitement without being able to get the big release. He
watched me strain at my ropes trying to make it move faster and
harder then said, "Do you need help?"
    I looked at the strap in his hand. I needed it!
    "Hit me. Please hit me!"
    He began slapping my breasts but I begged, "No. Hit my pussy.
Make it burn!"
    That was fantastic! Now along with the stimulation of the
stings the whip hit the end of the dildo to make it jump and
squirm in my pussy. It only took a few to get me into orgasm but
he kept hitting it driving me higher and higher till something
snapped and I let my head fall to my chest in exhaustion.
    He let me hang for a couple of minutes then untied the wrist
ropes from a hook in the wall and let me slip to the floor. I
laid there for awhile having little aftershocks while I caressed
my hot pussy.
    Then he said, "Obviously you are one of those girls that need
extra stimulation to get the big orgasm. Is the orgasm worth the
pain it takes to get there."
    "Oh yes! As the orgasms get stronger I actually want more
pain especially on my sensitive places. My nipples, pussy and
crotch. At the end I was trying to get the strap clear inside
me!"
    "I could do that with a narrower strap. Should I get one?"
    "Oh gosh. I'll bet that will hurt awful but I think I would
like to try it if you will save it for last."
    He agreed then told me it was time to go home and gave me
three ten dollar bills explaining that he had to go out of town
for a few days but I could still come to his house to stay out of
moms way then give her the ten's one day at a time.
    This time Mom was waiting for me on the sidewalk. She just
grabbed the ten and scurried off to the liquor store. When she
came back she didn't give me my four explaining that she had
bought a fifth and a pint since she needed a back-up in case I
didn't get home before the store closed. I argued that I needed
the money for school lunches so I wouldn't get so hungry before I
finished work and I was saving up for more clothes. She finally
agreed to start giving me the four dollars again.
    Although I admitted the spankings and whippings excited me I
went to sleep thinking how nice it would be to have a couple of
days off to do what I wanted.
    That afternoon I treated myself to a hamburger and fries then
went to stores to look at clothes. I found some cute things but
it would take a week or two to save up for them.
    I finally went back to Mr. Mill's house to kill time so I
would get home at the regular time.
    Just being in the house excited me and I took my clothes off
and started wandering around.
    Naturally I looked into the drawers that he had taken the
dicks and straps from. I found a lot of fake dicks and all kinds
of whips and paddles. I found one whip that looked real mean. It
had really tightly braided thongs coming out of a long handle. I
hit my leg with it to see what it felt like. It hurt so bad tears
sprang to my eyes and I thought Mr. Mills was nice not to use it
on me. There were some other things I did not understand. 
    There were some clamps you could tighten with little knurled
wheels that had chains and a big iron ring attached to them and a
whole bunch of tear shaped lead weights with the number 6 stamped
on them. There was also some spring clamps with little teeth and
strings tied to them.
    I decided to watch TV. The only time I got to watch one was
at school where they showed video tapes on history. It bored the
other kids but I was fascinated with the movement and colors.
    I found the on button but it was on channel three and there
was nothing but snow. I saw he had a VCR like the one at school
so I picked up a tape and put it in the slot and pushed play.
    It was a movie where school girls were being spanked by
principals or teachers. They would be spanked a little on their
skirts then the skirts would be pulled up so they could be
spanked on their panties, finally the panties would be pulled
down and their bare bottoms would be spanked till they were real
red. They yelled a lot and cried but I knew they couldn't be
hurting much so decided that the screams just showed that they
were excited. This was confirmed by the fact they always sucked
the dicks of their spankers. I watched the whole tape because it
seemed to prove that what I was doing was not unusual.
    I found another loose tape and put it in. When it came on I
was shocked to see that it was me. Now I understood why he had
turned up the lights real bright and had fussed with a box on a
tripod. I hardly recognized myself. I looked beautiful! The
stretching had made my waist tiny to make my boobs look bigger
and I had a strange look of excitement on my face. When the
whipping began I could almost feel the lashes and dug at my wet
pussy as I watched. I really understood the other tape because I
was screaming and sobbing like the other girls but I knew it was
not pain but excitement that caused it and sucking dicks seemed
to be standard thanks for getting so much thrills.
    I found another tape. This one was with women getting
whipped. It really looked like they were being hurt terribly but
I recognized the fact that they had just reached an even greater
level of orgasm because they almost always became unconscious
from the intensity of their thrill.
    In the last scene a woman was whipped with a whip like the
one in the drawer. I knew her! She was the lady in the apartment
above us. She was as old as mom but she had a real nice body with
a slim waist and boobies bigger than mine. When she was hung up
with her arms and legs spread she really looked frightened and
begged him not to hit very hard.
    He said, "You agreed to pay your rent by accepting a whipping
and you owe a lot. I will hit you as hard as I think necessary to
make sure you have the rent next time."
    He went to the drawer and returned with the whip. Her eyes
bulged when she saw it but she must have resigned herself to it
because she just whimpered then tightened her stomach muscles and
clenched her eyes shut with no other protest.
Each lash left six red lines. I thought she hated it at first the
way she was thrashing around and screaming especially when it dug
into her nipples but when he got to her crotch she was pushing
her pussy out to meet the whip. I decided it must be six times as
exciting. The woman in the scene seemed to cofirm that. She was
thrashing around and screaming like crazy trying to get over the
threshold to the great release. She obviously got there because
she threw her head back and howled then passed out.
    Just watching made me excited so I got the whip and hit
myself with it. It just hurt and I realized it was only good when
someone else was doing it with the extra excitement of being tied
and helpless.
    I noticed the clock and hurriedly dressed to get home before
mom got mad.
    This time she gave me my four dollars so I went to bed. She
turned up the radio and was singing along with it in her raspy
voice. Since she was not looking at me I began to think about the
tapes I had seen especially the one with the terrible whip, and
played with my pussy but I couldn't get the big release no matter
how long I did it so I just gave up and went to sleep.
    The next day I felt a little frustrated knowing Mr. Mills
would be gone another day. Now that I had a decent dress and
shoes and had become better about keeping clean and keeping my
hair combed a few of the girls had started talking to me. Now
that I had money to eat in the cafeteria at noon I got a chance
to talk to them. A girl named Mary joined me at my table. Just
after she sat down a boy came over to tell her to be ready to go
at six because they were going for burgers before their movie
date. She got up to give him a quick kiss. When he left he said,
"Be good kid." and gave her a spank on her butt.
    I felt a twinge in my clit and said, "Does he spank you?"
    She blushed and said, "Just when he says I have been naughty.
He doesn't hit hard. I don't mind."
    "Yes I know. My boyfriend spanks me too. It is really
exciting isn't it?"
    She looked at me kind of funny then said, "Yes I guess it is.
It sure makes him excited. I didn't know you had a boyfriend.
Maybe we should double date."
    I was sure she would think Mr. Mills was too old to be a
boyfriend so I lied and said my boyfriend went to another school.
She seemed to confirm that all girls liked to be spanked.
    The bell rang and I went to my next class.The teacher was an
old skinny woman who wore long black dresses and had her hair in
a bun. A lot of the girls were wearing shorts or mini-skirts
since it was almost summer and hot. Evidentally one of the girls
in the front row had not pulled her skirt down when she sat down
because the teacher had a fit. She told the girl to pull down her
skirt and then went into a long lecture about how girls had no
decency and morals anymore thanks to TV and rock and roll and
that if she had her way the school would have a dress code. The
girls would have to wear skirts no higher than their knee and
they would have to wear loose blouses so they would not be
flaunting their breasts. The kids just laughed so she looked mad
and turned to put our homework on the blackboard.
    I looked around to look at all the bare thighs and then began
to imagine Mary being spanked by her boyfriend. I began to get
really excited and when I saw the principal in the hall I pulled
him into an empty clasroom and told him I felt guilty and needed
a spanking.
    He grinned at me and said, "Do you feel really guilty or just
a little guilty?"
    "Awful guilty. I need a long spanking."
    "Alright but I am tied up till four oclock because of a
teachers meeting. Can you stay after school?"
    I told him I could stay till seven thirty. He smiled big and
gave me five dollars so I could get something to eat while
waiting for four thirty.
    School was out at three and that was the longest hour and a
half I ever spent. I ate as slow as I could but I was still back
at the school by four hiding in the bushes watching the big clock
over the front door and cars leaving the parking lot. At four
twenty the janitor I had been watching turn out lights in the
classrooms came out and locked the door behind him. Now there was
only one car in the lot so I cheated a little and ran to the door
to knock on it frantically.
    He finally heard me and let me in to take my hand and lead me
to his office. Then he went to his desk and opened a big drawer
while saying, "Since you are volunteering for this spanking I
will let you choose the instrument."
    He put the ruler on his desk, then a wooden paddle, and
finally a whip with four long leather straps about an inch wide
coming out of a handle.
    I picked up the whip and said shakily, "Use this."
    "That is made to be used on bare skin."
    " Oh yes. I should be naked. I have been really naughty. I
have been flaunting my breasts."
    He looked surprised then pleased and said there was not
enough room in the office and led me to the gymnasium.
    He told me to undress and seemed really pleased when I took
off the tiny panties then he had me hold on to a trapeze while he
taped my hands and wrists to it. He went over and turned a winch
to raise my arms till my toes left the floor.
    He came back to caress my butt and breasts saying how
beautiful and firm I was. I enjoyed the attention but I was
anxious to get to my orgasm. and said, "Whip me. Please."
    He started whipping my butt and when it must have been red
enough to satisfy him moved down to my upper thighs. This hurt
more which just made it more exciting and I spread my legs so he
could get to my even more tender inner thighs. This must have
pleased him because he said, "Good girl! Keep them open."
    He stepped behind me to forehand and backhand my inner thighs
to make sharp stings just below my pussy as my body pulsed and I
moaned just at the edge of orgasm then he brought the lash up
from the floor to sting the whole face of my pussy. I came and
screamed. He didn't understand! He stopped and I clenched my legs
together to rub my stinging pussy lips while he stepped in front
of me and said, "I'm sorry. That must have been too painful. That
is enough."
    My orgasm was going away and I sobbed "No. Don't stop! Do my
front!"
    He smiled and said, "You are fantastic!" then began lashing
my stomach just above my pubic bone and stings and heat began
crawling up to just below my breasts.He stopped again looking at
my red tummy until I moaned, "Do them! Make my boobies red!"
    He must have finally realized my moans and yips as the lash
hit were from excitement not pain as he ignored my screams to hit
my boobs up, down and sideways to make them dance and throb. By
then I was in orgasm but it still wasn't enough and I spread my
legs. He took the hint and began bringing the whip up between my
legs as I spread them even more and pumped my hips until one of
the thongs went into my slit to hit directly on my clit. This
brought on the ultimate climax and I closed my legs.
    He stared at my sweating, pulsating, red body exclaiming
"Jesus! I have never known anyone like you. I Have never been so
excited in my life!
    I was ready for something different and sobbed, "Fuck me!
Please fuck me just the way I am!
    He yelled, "Yes!" and dropped his pants and shorts to drive
his dick into my stinging, throbbing, wet pussy to keep my
excitement going as he gripped my butt cheeks to pull me against
him so hard our bodies made loud slapping sounds until he groaned
and came to slip to the floor staring at me as I pumped and
ground my thighs together to keep the excitement going as long as
I could. 
    He ran over and lowered the winch till I was resting on my
knees panting with my eyes squeezed shut as the aftershocks made
my body tremor.
    He came over to me and said, "Are you alright? Your skin is
really red."
    I took a couple of deep breaths then said. "I am fine. Let me
rest a minute then you can finish my whipping."
    He looked surprised then said, "This will soothe you and
began caressing my breasts and pussy. I spread my legs and he
took the hint and put his fingers inside. When my only response
was to moan and move my hips back and forth he ran to the wall
and loosened the ropes so he could open his pants to slide under
me and push his dick in my pussy. He and I pumped for a minute
then he said, "I don't want you to get pregnant."  He took his
wet dick out of my pussy and slid it into my ass-hole! He was
smaller than Mr. Mills and it slid in easily. He made up for the
loss of excitement to my clitoris by using his fingers on it
while I pumped up and down as fast as I could.
    I had another nice orgasm but I still hadn't got to the
crushing one. He pulled up his pants and started to take the tape
off my hands. 
    "No! My whipping isn't finished. I flaunted my breasts by
pushing them out when I walk in the halls and in class I let my
legs open so boys can see my panties. My breasts and pussy need
more punishment."
    He looked at me incredulously then said, "If that is what you
want I will be glad to satisfy you."
    He raised me up again then brought over a bench so he could
tape my legs widely apart. Then he pulled the lips of my pussy
open and taped them to my thighs.
    When he was through he said, "You asked for this. I'll stop
when you say, "Let me suck your dick."
    He started with my breasts. We were both fascinated by the
way the whip stretched, compressed and made them jump. Then he
went to my pussy at first hitting from the sides and then
swinging it into the pink parts of my pussy like a windmill. The
pain was horrendous but I kept getting stronger and stronger
orgasms! I became hoarse from screaming and finally croaked, "Let
me suck your dick!"
    He let me down to my knees and then began untaping my hands
while I sucked hungrily on his dick. When my hands were loose I
used them to stroke the part of his dick I couldn't get in my
mouth. He reached down and jerked the tape off my pussy. All the
hair came out with it and the pain kicked me into another orgasm
just as he flooded my mouth with cum.
    To my surprise it was only five thirty when he took me home.
It had seemed to last for hours. He said that from now on we
could meet at his house every night but I told him I did not feel
guilty very often and would let him know. I was real tired so I
decided to tell Mom that there had only been a little work.
    I didn't need the excuse because Mom was not home. I looked
at the calender and realized that this was the day she got the
welfare check. She usually celebrated by going to a bar and often
did not come home till late the next day.
    I took a long nap but woke up restless and then decided since
I had some money I would see a movie. We had a little movie house
in the neighborhood that only cost a dollar to get in since they
were older movies. I didn't care, they were all new to me. It was
R rated but they never asked my age. The movie was a mystery but
it had some love scenes in it. The woman seemed to have an orgasm
with no pain at all. I decided to ask Mr. Mills if some women
could do that or if the movie people just made it up. I thought
they probably made it up because it did not last long enough for
a real orgasm with pain.
    Mom still wasn't home so I went to sleep. She still was not
there in the morning. I got up and looked at myself. I decided
the principal had a perfect whip. It hurt and made me real red
but all the marks went away overnight.
    The next day I felt real special. The principal looked at me
longingly whenever he saw me. When he caught me alone he asked me
if I would go to his house after school and was really
disappointed when I said I couldn't. It made me proud that I
could make a man want me so much when I was the one who really
got excited. I had never seen a man that came as hard as I did.
    I went over to Mr. Mills. He was really glad to see me. He
had bought me another dress and some more tiny panties and also a
leather skirt made out of deerskin that really felt good on my
bare butt. Just like a giant hand.
    Then he took me into the spare bedroom. He had put up more
hooks and bought more rope. He said that it was time to give me
some exercise to make my boobs bigger, then tied a rope around my
waist then had me bend over to tie my wrists to the wall. He went
around tightening the ropes till the rope arond my waist was
tightened from the ceiling by the pull from my arms then tied a
smaller rope around my hair to go to the ceiling to hold my head
up to face the wall. Then he went to the drawer and brought back
the little clamps with the chains and rings.
    He tightened the clamps on my nipples till they really hurt
and I begged him to stop. Then he went over to the drawer and
brought back handfuls of the weights. He hooked them on the rings
one by one till it felt like my nipples would tear and I could
feel a pull on my boobs clear to my armpits. Then he stepped out
of the way so I could see my tits in the mirror.  They looked
weird and seeing them made my nipples hurt even more. Instead of
their nice ball shapes they now looked like cones hanging down
twice as far as normal. I begged him to take the clamps off but
he said the exercise hadn't even started.    
    He brought over a strap and began whipping them. The skin was
stretched so tight it couldn't sink under the strap so it hurt
twice as much as usual. The way I was tied he could hit every
inch of them, top, bottoms and sides and didn't quit till they
were dark red with the weights swinging and jumping at each lash
to cause extra pull on my poor nipples. Then he began paddling my
butt with a big wood paddle causing the weights to swing back and
forth. When he tired of that he began fucking me from behind
while he used both hands to strap my tits. To his surprize and
mine I was able to convert even this much pain to excitement and
had a giant orgasm.
    He took off the clamps. The pain was even worse for a minute
when the blood went back in my nipples and it must have stretched
the muscles in my tits because they did not snap back into their
regular shape. He noticed it and said he wouldn't do that anymore
because he didn't need a thirteen year old girl with sagging
boobs. I was relieved. It had hurt so much I didn't know if I
could get excited enough again to ignore it and my tits still
ached.
    He took me to the bed and said I could clean off his dick
while we rested. I laid betwen his legs and licked his balls and
dick till it got hard then raised up to get on top of it.
    He stopped me to say he wanted to try something different, He
reached into the nightstand and brought out some vaseline he
spread on his dick. I realized what he planned when he got
another fingerfull and pushed it into my asshole. I was sure it
wouldn't fit but by pulling down on my hips it finally popped
through my sphincter muscles and I began to sink down on it.
    I really didn't like it. It just made me feel like I had to
go poop real bad. especially since he just laid back without
fingering my pussy. I began to rub my clit. It still didn't help
enough so I begged him to help me. He began to slap my breasts
with his hands which let me get over the threshold just as his
dick softened in my ass. When he pulled it out it was covered
with my shit so he had me wash it off then said that wouldn't
happen again.
    I found out why. He took me to the bathroom and had me get on
my hands and knees in the tub. He took the shower head off the
hose and began pushing the hose up my butt. Just as I was getting
used to the hose pushed deep in my guts he turned on the water.
It didn't hurt at first but then I felt a stretching that began
to cause awful cramps. I looked down at my tummy and it was
swelling until I looked pregnant. I began to cry and begged him
to take it out. When he did brown water shot out of my ass to
give me a wonderful release of pressure. He did it again and
again until the water was perfectly clear. He decided I needed to
get used to having a dick in my ass so he put one of the rubber
ones in it and taped it in.place. At first it was uncomfortable
but later when he ripped off the tape taking the last of my pussy
hair and fucked me while he moved it in my ass I found out I
really liked it and wondered how it would feel to have two men
fuck my ass and pussy at the same time.
    When I got home Mom was still not there and I began to get
worried about her. 
    The next day Mr. Mills came over to get the rent. When he saw
that Mom was not home he said that he had a friend with a nice
warm pond on his property and would take me swimming.
    He took me to a store and bought me a tiny bikini bathing
suit. He took me to a service station and we went into the men's
room to put it on. He still didn't think it was small enough so
he folded the top under till it barely covered my nipples and
pulled the seat into the crack of my butt. When we went back to
the car men putting gas in their cars stared at me. I felt
embarressed but felt better when he said, "You are a hit, baby.
They are slobbering, they think you are so cute."
    He had me keep my arms on top of the seat back while we drove
to keep my tits up and got a kick out of the stares of the men in
lanes beside us. I began to enjoy being admired too.
    We drove out in the country and stopped at a little farm. His
friend came out and Mr. Mills introduced me and said he had
brought me out for a swim.  He pointed out the pond and I ran
over to splash around in the warm water.
    His friend brought out some deck chairs and some beer they
put on the beach so they could watch me. Seeing them drink made
me thirsty so I went up to them and asked if he had any pop. His
fiend said there was some in the fridge and to help myself. I ran
up to the house and came back to sit on the beach in the warm sun
to drink it while they talked about me. His friend agreed I was
very pretty and asked me to pose in different positions to show
off my boobs and butt. I began to enjoy all the attention and
pushed out my boobs to make them as big as possible while I
giggled at the compliments.
    His friend said, "She is really cute Dave, but don't you
think she is a little overdressed."
    Mr Mills agreed and told me to take off the suit. By then I
was real proud that they thought I was pretty and took off the
suit and at their direction stood in front of them with my hands
behind my neck to push out my boobs and spread my legs a little
so they could see all of my pussy.
    His friends eyes bugged and he said, "She minds well.That
pussy is really cute with no hair."
    "Yeah. I put duct tape on it and ripped out the hair. It
makes her look about seven years old doesn't it?"
    "Yeah. That must have hurt. Did it Kim?"
    "Only for a few seconds. It is easy to wash now."
    Mr Mills said. "Hell, She love pain. Don't you Kim?"
    "Well it hurts a lot at first but then it gets kind of
exciting."
    "Kind of exciting my ass! It makes her cum like crazy. Kim
put your hand behind your neck again and ask Dan to whip your
tits and pussy with his belt."
    That scared me because he was wearing a big thick belt to
hold up his jeans but I was sure that would make them want to
fuck me.
    I said, " Oh that belt is thicker than a whip and it will
really hurt."
    Mr Mills said, Don't woory about it. If it hurts too much to
let you cum we will fuck you until you do."
    I still was scared but said, "I guess it will be alright as
long as you fuck me afterwards."
    I put my hands behind my neck and pushed out my boobs. Then
at their direction spread my legs as they said excitedly, "Wider,
Wider." When they were satisfied I could feel a cool breeze
playing with my gaping pusssy. The belt was really heavy. If I
hadn't had my muscles so tight the first lash across my tummy
would have knocked the wind out of me. I gasped and looked down
to see a dark red welt crossing my stomach. It alarmed Mr. Mills
and he told his friend not to hit that hard when he got to my
breasts and pussy. He agreed to go easier. The delay let the pain
travel down to my pussy and the excitement overrode the pain.
    I was really proud when he said, "God! She is really brave.
Look at her! She is straining to push her titties out even more!"
He did hit a little easier but the belt was so heavy my boobs
sunk in clear to my ribs when they were hit. He hit me until my
body was red from the top of my boobs to my pubic bone then
stared at my pussy leaking juice as I panted and sweated in
fantastic excitement. I pushed my hips forward to let him know I
was ready then he gave me three quick ones to each lip then right
up the center to make my clit burn. That was too much! It hurt so
bad instead of going into orgasm I grabbed my burning pussy to
try to make it feel better. Thankfully that made him so excited
he went behind me and dropped his pants to shove his dick in my
ass to continue my orgasms. Then Mr. Mills dropped his pants and
moved my hands away to stick his dick in my pussy. It was even
better than I had imagined. 
    Afterwards I laid on my back while they caressed the
throbbing welts then Mr. Mills said, "That damn belt really made
bad welts. She is going to be black and blue. Kim, were you able
to cum even with all that pain?"
    "Oh no. It hurt too much. But it did seem to make the fucking
better."
    "Damnit Bob! I wanted you to see how she could get off on
pain alone but that damn belt is too thick and you hit too hard!
    Bob said, "I'm sorry. I guess I got carried away. Next time
we can use something smaller."
    I said, "I think I am too sore for any more today."
    Mr Mills got up and went back to his car and brought back his
salve proving he had planned to whip me.
    They had me stand up and spread my legs then Bob put salve on
my butt and thighs while Mr. Mills did my front. In a few moments
the pain went away and I looked around the property enjoying the
caresses. I noticed a couple of strange trees.
    I said, "Bob, Your place is really pretty. That dead tree
with one limb sticking out looks just like a tree I saw in my
history book where they hung people. It kind of excites me to
imagine being hung from it and being whipped."
    "Yeah. It is perfect for that. There are roots coming out of
the ground your legs could be tied to hold them open. Would you
like to try it?"
    "No. Your belt is too mean but what is that other tree. It
looks like a whole tree of whips."
    "That is a willow tree. My dad used to cut switches off it to
spank my sister since he thought she was too delicate to be
spanked with the board he used on me. The welts go away in a
couple of hours."
    "Ooh that sounds exciting. Was she naked and did he let you
watch them?"
    "No. I would have loved that but he just had her bend over
and hold up her skirt to be spanked on her panties. It was still
pretty exciting though."
    "She must have been prety brave to keep her skirt out of the
way while her butt was being stung."
    "Not really. He told her that she would get twenty spanks and
if she let go of her skirt she would get twenty more. She was so
scared at that she would pull on the skirt at each lash until it
was clear over her head."
    I wondered if she had become excited and had pulled the skirt
higher to bare more of her body. I walked over to the tree and
saw that with the leaves pulled off the limbs would look just
like whips but they were real light and flexible so they
shouldn't dig in like a belt.
    Bob came over and said, "Dad would make her cut her own
switch telling her it should be as long as she was tall. She
would stall off the spanking by spending a lot of time picking
out her switch."
    "Maybe she wasn't stalling. She might have just been letting
her excitement build up for the spanking."
    "Possibly. She looked excited when she came back and gave it
to him watching anxiously as he stripped off the leaves and
twigs."
    By then being surrounded by a sea of whips had me totally
excited and I said excitedly, "Get some rope and something so I
can cut a switch."
    He ran back to the house yelling to Mr Mills, "She wants
another whipping! Can you believe that!"
    He came back and gave me a pruning lopper then went to the
tree to tie on ropes while I felt and pulled on switches letting
my excitement build just as I imagined his sister had until I
found one straight one as tall as I was and stripped off all the
leaves and twigs to have a whip about a half inch wide at the
base going to a sharp point. I decided there should be no doubt
that I wanted them both to hit me so I found another. I stripped
off the leaves and branches slowly  letting my excitement
increase just as I was sure his sister had.
    I walked to the tree swinging the whips to make a "Whir"
sound becoming so excited I could feel the breeze evaporating the
juice in my pussy.
    Bob had brought dish towels to wrap arond my wrists and
ankles to keep the rope from cutting me then they tied my ankles
wide spread to the roots and threw the rope over the limb to pull
me up tight until I looked like an upside down letter "Y." 
    My excitement continued to build as they fondled my body
commenting on how stretched I was and how beautiful I looked with
my waist so tiny.
    Bob said, "Do you think you can take twenty like my sister?"
    I thought if she could take twenty untied and holding
position I could do it easily tied so I wouldn't have to
concentrate on being still.
    "Yes. Twenty to my back and twenty to my front."
    Bob said, "Jesus! She is fantastic!"
    Mr Mills said, "I'll do the front. You are too damn mean."
    Bob complained, "That's not fair. I should get ten on the
front." but Mr Mills said, "No way. Her tits and pussy are a lot
more sensitive than her butt and thighs. I know how much she can
take."
    I was grateful he wanted to protect me and murmured, "Thank
you."
    Bob was anxious and I heard a "Whir" then a horrendous sting
across both butt cheeks that made me yelp and strain forward. It
was much worse than I had anticipated. Even though the switches
were light they were so skinny they felt like I was being cut.
    They must have wanted it to last because Mr. Mills waited
until I stopped straining against the ropes before hitting across
my belly button to make me yelp again and try to double up.
    From then on they took turns with a delay between lashes and
after four or five would stop for a minute to rub my welts as I
sobbed, "Please not so hard."
    Finally the excitement overrode the pain and I stopped
yelping and just moaned without jumping so they began hitting
faster and harder as I watched the switch dig into my breasts
screaming when a tip hit a nipple. Towards the end Bob discovered
he could cheat by bringing his switch diagonally down a buttcheek
to let the end curl around and snap into my pussy to bring on
loud screams until I became hoarse and then didn't care as
fantastic orgasms ripped at my body.
    When they finished they were so excited they jammed their
dicks into my pussy and ass as I hung there to continue my
orgasms.
     For the rest of the day we just had sex with me sucking them
to get them hard. Finally neither of them could get hard again so
Mr. Mills took me home.
    Mom was still not home.I was tired and took a nap. When I
woke up I looked in the mirror and was amazed that Bob had been
right. All the welts had gone away with just tiny bruises
covering my body where the tips had hit. 
    Mom was still not home I really got worried. I remembered
once she had drank so much she had got sick and was taken to a
detox center. I looked around till I found their business card
then went down to the pay phone to call them. The woman who
answered said she was not there and suggested I call the police.
    I did and they told me to come to the station and fill out a
missing person report. This turned out to be a mistake. When the
cop found out I had no relatives in town to stay with he called
the welfare department and a woman and a cop took me to my
apartment to pack my clothes.
    They took me to a juvenile center that was really a jail.
There was a big room with a lot of cots in it to sleep and a
small cafeteria for breakfast and dinner. I hated it! They
watched us all the time and we even went to school there. My only
chance for any excitement was playing with myself after lights
out and that didn't work because it was so nothing after my prior
experiences.
    To make matters worse they finally decided Mom was never
coming home and said they would try to put me in a foster home
but it was hard to find people who wanted to take anyone my age
because so many of the girls my age were drug addicts or thieves.
I really got depressed because it looked like I may have to stay
there till I graduated from high school or became eighteen.
    I was there almost a year before the woman who ran the place
told me to take a shower and comb my hair because they had a
couple who was willing to accept an older girl. I fixed up the
best I could. My competition was a couple of cute twelve year
olds and I was feeling down since they were younger than me. I
was further discouraged when they were in the room with the
couple so long indicating they must be interested in them.
    My turn eventually came and I put on a brave smile to meet
them in a conference room. They were reading my file when I
walked in and he just waved me to a chair. They finally got to
the last page and she looked at me and said, "Kim my name is Ann
and this is my husband Bill. I am a school teacher and frankly we
were hoping that we could find a girl about six so I could teach
her. However I see from your file you have made good grades and
have been in no trouble except for a couple of spankings from
your principal for relatively minor infractions. How do you feel
about those spankings? Do you hate him for doing it to you?"
    "Oh no Mam. I deserved to be spanked. He was just doing his
job."
    That got their attention. Bill asked, "Describe your
spankings."
    "Well, He would have me lean over his desk then he would pull
up my skirt to paddle my bottom with a long ruler. Once he used a
whip."
    "Did you complain about having to be spanked just on your
panties?"
    "No. I understood it would not have hurt much on my clothes.
Especially the whip with the leather straps coming out of the
handle. I had to be bare for that. I would have barely felt it
over my dress and panties."
    "And that didn't bother you either having your private parts
exposed."
    He looked like he was getting excited thinking about it. I
knew I was. I said, "No. I would much rather be spanked or
whipped than feel guilty about it. If I live with you I would
expect you to whip me if I get a bad grade or something."
    Ann spoke up, "Good. We believe in spankings too and would
use a whip like you describe. If we asked you to take off your
clothes to be whipped would you object?"
    "Oh no Mam. If you get me out of here I will ask you to give
me lashes anywhere you want to prove it to you." 
    She smiled at me and said I think you will be fine. The other
girls seemed to be terrified at the thought of a whip. We will
arrange to take you with us and give you good care. I know you
will like our place. We have horses and a small lake for swimming
or fishing. You understand that we can bring you back if you make
us unhappy."
    "I won't make you unhappy. I promise! I will do anything you
want even if it hurts bad."
    She smiled and told me to tell the woman to get my things and
bring in the papers for their signature. In about twenty minutes
I was given a cloth bag and told to call them if I was unhappy in
my new home. I followed them out to their beautiful car.
    When I was seated in the back seat Ann turned to say, "The
first thing we have to do is get you some decent clothes so we
can go to a restaurant.
    They took me to a nice store with a big dressing room. They
sat on chairs watching me while I undressed so the salesgirl
could take my measurements and bring in panties and clothes. I
was a little embarressed at first because my tits had really
grown and I had found that at the detention center the other
girls would tease me about my big tits if they saw them and I had
showered late at night after they went to sleep. I felt better
when they said I was beautiful and relaxed while trying on
clothes. They finally bought three outfits. My favorite was a
white soft sweater she said was cashmere and a matching white
skirt. She said that felt great on the bare skin. I asked them if
it would be alright not to wear bra and panties so I could feel
it better. They were pleased and said I never had to wear
underclothes except at school. They took me to the beauty salon
and Ann said to wash and give my hair a soft curl and put on some
light make-up. Just before she left she said, "Oh yes. Give her a
bikini wax. Take all of it."
    She said they would go get a drink while they worked on me. I
hoped they weren't drunks like mom. 
    I didn't know what a bikini wax was but I found out. They put
wax on my crotch and when it hardened they ripped it off to make
my pussy bald again. I was glad about it because I knew men
thought my pussy was cute without hair and assumed Bill would
like it.
    I only had to wait a few minutes. When they came back they
said I was beautiful. Even the girl who had worked on me agreed.
I walked out proudly.
    They took me to a beautiful restaurant with waiters in
tuxedos and white linen tablecloths. I was awestruck and then
more so when the food came. I had never tasted food that was that
delicious before.
    On the way to their place I decided they could whip me all
they wanted to as long as I got to wear beautiful clothes to a
restaurant like that.
    Their place was beautiful too. It had white board fences
around a pasture with horses just like in the western movie I had
seen and a pretty blue lake in a valley below.
    The house was white too and big. She took me to my bedroom
which was bigger than my apartment and told me to hang up my
clothes then come to the rec room.
    It didn't take me long. When I went to them Ann said, "As we
told you we believe in stricy discipline. If you ever disobey you
will be punished. Open the top drawer of that cabinet. There is
something in there for you."
    I opened it and saw a whip! I took it out and was relieved to
see it was just like the principal's and knew it would not scar
me or bruise me badly. 
    I took it over to her and said, "Would you whip me with it? I
want to prove I will do anything for you."
    "But you haven't done anything wrong."
    "I know but this will prove I won't object if you want to
punish me."
    Bill said, "I like her attitude. Kim take off your clothes
and put your hands behind your back."
    I did it and felt myself getting excited. I said, "If I put
my hands behind my head it will make my boobies push out more."
    He looked surprised and said,"Do you expect to have your
breasts whipped?"
    "Yes. It hurts a lot more there especially on my nipples but
I should prove I am willing to accept great pain. You can hit me
anywhere except my face. I am afraid I may hurt my eyes."
    Bill said, "Don't worry. You will never get hurt where it
will show with your clothes on."
    "Thank you."
    Ann got up and touched my inner thighs close to my pussy. I
gasped and she said, "That must be sensitive. Should we whip you
there?"
    "Yes if you want to."
    THen she stroked my pussy. I couldn't resist pushing against
her hand as she said, "Here too?"
    "Oh yes! It kind of excites me there but only after I have
become used to the pain by hitting me on other places."
    She looked at Bill and said, "We have found an absolute
jewel! Would you like to be first."
    "No I think I would rather watch but why don't you get naked
too."
    She smiled at him and said, "Pervert." then took off her
clothes. I was amazed. She must have been almost as old as mom
but mom had a pot belly and saggy boobs. Ann had a beautiful body
with a flat stomach and firm breasts just a little bigger than
mine. Her pussy was bald like mine.
    She began whipping my butt without causing a lot of pain. I
watched Bill and knew he was getting hard because he put his hand
down his pants to move his dick to make it more comfortable. Then
she stepped behind me so she could bring the whip around my sides
to hit my front without blocking Bill's view. She started at my
stomach and worked slowly up to my breasts. Bill's eyes stared at
me as my breasts jumped under the lash and began stroking his
dick now bulging under his pants as my excitement built to near
orgasm. Then she pulled my legs further apart and brought the
whip up between my legs to let the ends hit my pussy. I began to
cum! 
    Bill yelled, "She is getting off on this!" Then he ran over
and picked up Ann and took her into their bedroom. I was
disappointed. I hoped he might want to fuck me. I dropped to the
floor caressing my tingling boobs and pussy to continue my
orgasms until I became exhasted and went to sleep.    
    They were in there for some time so I put on my clothes to go
down to look at the lake.
    I was tossing pebbles in it to watch the ripples when I heard
Ann say, "There she is."
    They were just wearing towels. When they got to me Bill said,
"You are not to leave the house without telling us!"
    "I am sorry. I didn't want to bother you."
    "That part is right but next time just wait till we come out
before leaving. You have earned another whipping and I hit harder
than Ann."
    "I understand. I shouldn't have left but I was anxious to see
the lake. I have never seen a lake before. Just a little pond."
    "Alright. You can take your clothes off to swim. No-one can
see us down here. The property is posted."
    He took off his towel to get into the water. He had a
beautiful dick. I was anxious to see it hard."
    Ann saw me looking at it and said, "Have you had sex with a
man?"
    I told her Mr. Mills and the principal had fucked me and had
me suck their dicks."
    She giggled and said, "Those dirty old men. Do you know you
could have had them arrested?"
    "No, but why would I want to. I really liked it."
    "Well don't even think about fucking Bill. That looks like a
real tight pussy and he might like it. If I catch you fucking him
I'll whip you with barbed wire till you bleed to death. I am
jealous and also afraid to death of AIDS."
    "But what if he tells me to do it. I can't say "No," to him?"
    "I'll make sure you are never alone with him. Now let's go
swimming."
    She was surprised I didn't know how to swim and helped me
till I could dog paddle around. She told me to watch Bill and
said with practise I could swim like him.
    Evidentally naked girls didn't excite Bill. Even when he was
sitting on the beach watching us it did not get hard. When we
walked up to him he said, "Look Ann. She has great skin. All the
red is gone already. I guess I'll redden it back to where it
was."
    He took my hand and began leading me toward the house. Ann
picked up the towels and my clothes to follow.
    When we got to the house he said, "I have a special room for
this."
    We went downstairs then he pushed some buttons by the door.
There was a buzz and he pushed open the door. It was a big room
with a high ceiling. There were hooks for ropes like Mr. Mills
place but a lot more stuff I hadn't seen before. There was a big
"X" shaped frame, tables with winches on the ends, and a bunch of
leather harnesses. The end wall had all kinds of whips and
paddles. The room was brightly lit and there were mirrors on all
the walls and ceiling so no matter where you were you could see
yourself in a mirror.
    He had me stand in the center of the room and put padded
cuffs on my wrists then rolled over a long metal bar with wheel
like weights on the ends. There were chains welded to the ends of
the bar with padded cuffs he put on my ankles. He attached one
cuff to the chain then pulled my other leg over to the other
weight. I gasped at the stretch to my inner thighs and he
noticed. He said, "I like girls nice and stretched for whipping."
    He went over to the side wall and pushed a button I heard a
whirring sound and then the ropes to my wrists began tightening.
I don't know what that bar weighed but I was really stretched out
when it left the floor. I watched him in the mirror while he
walked to the whip wall to pick out the thing he wanted to whip
me with. Ann came over and said, "Look at yourself. Being
stretched really makes you look good."
    She was right. My waist had gotten smaller, my tummy was real
flat, and my boobs were lifted high. I saw Bill pick out a
leather strap. I was really relieved because there were some
really nasty whips on the wall. Even one made of barbed wire that
Ann had threatened me with.
    I found that it hurt more with my skin stretched but since he
concentrated on my sexy parts My excitement grew along with his
dick. He got very hard and I saw his dick was longer than Mr.
Mills but not as big around. Just as I went into orgasm he went
to where Ann was sitting on the couch and pulled her to the floor
to fuck her dog fashion as they watched my sweating body
pulsating from my orgasms.
    Ann saw me looking hungrily at them and grinned at me but
soon she began to gasp and moan as he pumped into her faster and
faster twisting and jerking on her breasts to make them look
grotesque. When he came he rolled off her and went right to
sleep.
    After a few minutes my joints began to ache and I began to
whimper. Ann came over and said, " How did you like the strap? I
know it made you cum."
    "Yes but this isn't fair. When I was whipped before I was
given sex to continue the orgasms and make me forget the pain. I
know you don't want him to fuck me but Mr. Mills had rubber dicks
that were almost as good or he would lick my pussy which felt
wonderful. I would beg to be whipped if I knew I could be licked
later."
    She said she would think about it then noticed my whimpers
from the terrible pull to my joints that seemed to get worse
every second.
    "It gets to be a bitch after awhile doesn't it? Once he got
mad at me and left me hanging for an hour. I was sore for days."
    "Please let me down. I'll lick your pussy if you will."
    She laughed and said, "Maybe later," then went over to push
the button to let me down and unbuckle the cuffs. It felt
wonderful to be able to put my legs together and rub my
shoulders.
    By then Bill was awake and watching us. Ann said Kim is used
to being fucked after a whipping. I'll help her out."
    She went over to a cabinet and brought back a strange thing.
It looked like two dicks joined at the base with straps attached
to the middle. She put one dick in her pussy and then backed up
to him so he could buckle the straps at her back. Then she sat on
the floor and spread her legs so I could scoot toward her while
she fed the dick into my pussy. When it was in I found there was
a rubber nob just right to press on my clitoris. We grabbed each
others arms and began rocking back and forth. It was glorious. I
hadn't been fucked for a long time and I was sure it would get me
off but it evidentally wasn't enough for her. She yelled at Bill.
    "We need more. Whip our tits."
    He went over to the wall and brought back a whip that had
about a dozen leather bootstrings coming out of it. She put her
hands behind her to push the dick in deeper so I did too. He
pushed us together till our nipples touched so the wide whip
could hit the tops of both our tits at the same time. It just
burned and Ann and I began to gasp and tremor while we squirmed
on the dick and rubbed our nipples together till we exploded in
orgasm and hugged and kissed mashing our whipped boobs together.
    We were tired by then and went to bed. I luxuriated in the
satin sheets but I was awake for some time because it looked like
I would not have real sex again. If Bill couldn't fuck me who
would? I could get orgasms with pain and the rubber dicks but it
would not be the same.
    In the morning Ann told me that although she had not taught
school since marrying Bill she still had her teaching certificate
and would teach me at home to save me the hassle of riding the
bus to shool for forty-five minutes. I ralized this also would
not let me have contact with kids my age and would make me a
prisoner of the farm.
    I told her I would miss school since it was my only chance to
be with kids my age and wouldn't mind the bus ride.
    She told me I was being ridiculous. She had a lot of things
planned for me and I would never get bored and that I had nothing
in common with other kids my age.
    I resigned myself to that but then said that I would miss
being fucked by a man with a real dick.
    She laughed and said, "Is that what is worrying you? Don't
worry about it. We do a lot of entertaining and there will be
plenty of men other than Bill that will be happy to fuck you."
    That made me happy because as naive as I was I knew that just
having sex with her and dildoes was not normal.
    Then I said "Ann... I don't mind being whipped but if you do
it every day I will get very sore."
    She laughed again. "You little liar. You love being whipped.
I know a lot of girls who don't mind it, including me but we
wouldn't beg for it and I am sure you would. Of course you won't
be whipped every day. Bill works very hard and often gets home
late and too tired to be interested in sex or whipping. He also
likes to save himself for our parties. You will only be whipped
if he wants to get excited or if you need punishment. Now it is
already hot. Let's take a bottle of champagne down to the lake
and I will give you some more swimming lessons. That will also
give you a chance to get a tan. You are awfully white. It makes
you look unhealthy.
    We walked hand in hand naked to the lake with me swinging a
silver bucket of ice with the champagne in it while she carried
the glasses and towels.
    At the lake she opened the champagne and filled our glasses.
It was fizzy like pop and I liked it. She began to look at my
belly then said, "You are very pretty but your body could use a
little help. You have a tendency to slouch while sitting that
makes your tummy pooch out and you still have some baby-fat. A
few weeks of diet and exercise will fix that.
    Then she took me into the water to give me swimming lessons.
When I was able to swim overhand and learned to beathe out with
my face in the water and in when my face came out she said I was
ready to test my endurance. She began to swim with no apparent
effort on her back and told me to follow her while she watched
me. After about fifty feet I got real tired and kind of panicked
when I looked over to see the shore a long way off. I was just
behind her kicking feet when I said frightened, "I can't swim any
further! Help me! I'll drown!"
    She laughed and said, "Put down your feet, silly. It is only
waist deep."
    To my relief my feet touched bottom and I stood up to look
around. I had seen the opposite beach. We were only about twenty
feet from the beach we had started from and had been swimming
along side it. I really felt silly when I looked back and saw I
had only swam a little way.
    She had me get out and said I had not done very well and that
I must really be out of shape. I explained that while in
detention there had been no activity to keep me in shape and
promised to work hard. We had another glass of champagne then she
said she had marked how far I had swum and that I had to swim
further this time or I would be punished. I swam till my arms
ached then stopped. I was happy to hear her say I had swum twenty
feet further and I had done well. She stuck a stick in the sand
and said I could get past it tomorrow. 
    She said we had to go to the house so she could get me
started on my schoolwork. She brought out textbooks and told me
to read a chapter in the english book, The math book, and the
history book and be prepared to answer the questions at the end
of the chapter. If I missed a question or more I would be
punished, then she left to shop for a party they were having the
next weekend.
    I read and answered the questions in the math and english
book but the champagne and the sun made me real sleepy. I rested
my head on my arms and went to sleep before I had finished the
chapter on history.
    I woke up with her shaking my shoulder. "Wake up sleepyhead.
Let's get your test out of the way so we can play."
    She handed me some test papers. When I finished the math one
I gave it to her then started the english while she graded the
math. I did pretty good till the history test. Naturally since I
hadn't finished reading it I was unable to answer any of the
questions past the first two. She had graded the first two tests
and looked impatient so I gave up and handed her the last test.
    She said I had only missed one on the math test and two on
english but had missed nine on history. She seemed mad, "There is
no excuse for this. I was gone almost three hours. You had plenty
of time to review to make sure you knew all the answers. Come
with me."
    I wasn't really worried since I was sure I would just be
spanked or whipped and I knew that would eventually excite me.
    She took me downstairs and had me lay face down on the table
with the winch on the end. Then she put cuffs on my ankles and
wrists and started turning the winch sliding me forward scraping
my nipples on the rough boards of the table. When I was stretched
tight she said,"I know you get off on whipping but I don't think
you will enjoy this because I am not going to whip you long
enough in one session for you to come. You have fifty five lashes
coming for missing the eleven questions. You also don't like
being stretched so I will give you five lashes wait five minutes
then stretch you one more notch for five more. She got a willow
switch about five feet long and hit my back just below my
shoulders. It hurt awful and was not even close to a sexy part.
She gave me five fast and hard then went over to a couch to sip a
drink and look at a magazine. After five minutes she turned the
handle again till it clicked into the next notch and hit me
again. By the time she was done I was almost hysterical. My back
was on fire and I felt like all my joints had dislocated.
    When she let me go she put salve on me and apologized, "I am
sorry I had to punish you but I can't abide lazy disobedient
children. Now you know we can hurt you with no chance of
excitement over-riding the pain if we need to."
    I thought that was unfair and blubbered through my sobs,
    "You didn't have to do that to me. I would not disobey you."
    "But you did! I told you to study. We might ask you to do
something you hate. I had to do this so no matter what we ask,
you will obey without protest."
    I promised to obey afraid of what they may do to me if I did
something really bad.
    She put me in a cool bath and brought me a drink of whisky.
The pain finally subsided and I went to sleep to wake up
spluttering when my face slipped under the water. She heard me
spashing around and came in and helped me out of the tub. Then
she led me over to a three way mirror so I could see my back and
said, "See what you did to yourself! If you had just done what I
told you there would not be a mark."
    It looked awful! It was all black and blue and there was some
blood oozing out of some of the welts. I promised I would do
better and believe me I did. She always gave me three hours to do
my studies so I rechecked my answers two or three times to make
sure I always got a perfect score from then on.   
    The next morning I got to ride a horse! When she went
shopping she bought a pair of jeans for me, a western blouse and
cowboy boots. I looked just like the cow girls in the movie!I was
afraid at first since I was so far above the ground and had
nothing to hold onto since I rode bareback but Ann told me to
squeeze the horse with my legs and until I got my confidence up I
could hold on to the long hair of the horses mane.
    We just walked at first while she told me how to steer it by
pressing the rein against it's neck and to stop by pulling back.
In a little while I got enough confidence to trot and finally to
gallop. It was fun and it gave me a feeling of power to control
all that muscle. Ann grinned at me and asked if I was having fun.
Of course that was obvious but I told her it was wonderful. By
then the horses were sweating in the hot sun so we got off to
walk around a little. I didn't realize how hard I had been
gripping with my legs, the muscles were a little stiff and it
felt good to walk.
    Ann began to take off her clothes. I thought maybe she wanted
me to lick her pussy but she said, "Take off your clothes. It is
twice as much fun to ride naked."
    I took off my shirt and jeans and followed her lead to tie
them around the horses neck. She helped me get on and I admired
the way she could easily jump up to put her belly on the horse
and then turn to get into a sitting position. I wasn't sure this
would be much fun. The sweaty horses hair was making my thighs
and butt itch. When we started moving I saw what she meant. The
horse's hair began to tickle and prick my pussy to make me
excited. I moved forward till it's neck bone dug into my pussy.
When we began to gallop my pussy went forward and back and
increased my excitement to the point I was in orgasm when we got
back to the lake. I slid back and laid down on it holding onto
his neck to push my tits in its mane and feel the horses smallest
tremor against my sensitive pussy.
    Ann helped me off and said, "God you are lucky! I wish I
could cum as easily as you. That just felt good to me but you
really got off on it. Lay down on the beach and rest. I'll ride
up to the house and get us something to drink."
    That sounded good. I was really thirsty. She jumped on her
horse and led mine behind her to the house while I kind of dozed
and played with my pussy that seemed super sensitive from rubbing
on the hair.
    I was totally relaxed and feeling dreamy hardly believing I
could be so lucky when she came back with a small bottle of
champagne. It only held enough for two glasses apiece so I did
not get giddy as I had the day before.
    She said it was time for my swimming lesson and said she
would stand at the place I should get to. This time I didn't
fight the water so much and got to where she was standing pretty
easily. I really felt good when she complimented me. I rested a
minute. Then she told me to go as far as I could. I swam past her
about fifty feet till my arms got sore. I realized it was a
mistake to try that hard when she said I had to beat that mark
the next day. From then on I just swam a little bit past her
before quitting. Eventually I was able to swim clear around the
lake. She had me run back to the house. I really felt good and
realized my tummy was flatter and my butt and legs were firmer
already. Eventually my figure got to a thirty five inch bust,
nineteen waist and thirty four butt thanks to swimming and
running everyday.
    Until the weekend she would reward me for getting perfect
scores on my schoolwork by teaching me how to 69 so we could both
have our pussies licked at the same time. Bill saved himself for
the weekend.
    In the afternoons she taught me how to make drinks so I could
make and serve drinks to her guests.
    On saturday I found out it was going to be a costume party.
Ann wore a leather bikini with holes cut out in the bra so her
nipples could peek out and Bill wore black leather pants, boots,
and vest. Both of them had a belt with a loop in it to hold a
whip. My costume was just the belt and whip. She told me that if
I did anything wrong to displease a guest I was to give them my
whip and ask them to give me ten lashes with it.
    When the guests arrived Ann introduced me by saying, "Welcome
to our home. "This is Kim our new little love slave. Isn't she
beautiful?"
    They all said I was and would reach out to squeeze my
breasts, butt or stomach and gush over how firm I was. I really
felt proud and sucked in my stomach even more and pushed out my
tits. I didn't feel like a slave. I was a lot different than the
black people in my history book.
    The men guests were dressed much like Bill except some would
have chains either hanging down or used as belts. They all
carried whips. The girls had all kinds of costumes either of
leather or transparent cloth. A few of the girls had really
strange costumes. Their nipples and the lips of their pussies had
been pierced and gold rings had been put in the holes to support
chains. The chains were just hanging loose or hooked around their
necks to hold up their breasts or around their butts to hold the
lips of their pussies open. One girl was led around by a chain
through the rings.
    The guests went down to the "Dungeon" where tables had been
set up with snacks. I almost ran my legs off getting drinks and
was whipped twice because I got confused and gave them the wrong
drink. I thought it was going to turn out to be a boring party.
They were just drinking and eating. Four girls were playing
"Monopoly" and Ann and three other girls were playing cards. The
men just made small talk for awhile then one of the men asked
Bill if I could dance. Bill said, "I don't know. Lets find out."
    He put on some music. I didn't know what to do but I tried to
move around in time to the music then they made it easier by
telling me to shake my tits, and to pump my butt in and out while
they yelled at me to spread my legs furthur and further till I
felt my lips open.
    One of the men got excited and told me to suck his dick. I
looked at Bill and he nodded so I did it. This got another man
excited and he began fucking me from behind. I ended up fucking
and sucking all of them except Bill. They kind of acted like
nothing had happened and ordered more drinks after just giving me
a short rest from the orgasms.
    The girls didn't drink as much and seemed to be very serious
about their games. I found out why. The card game broke up when
two of the girls ran out of chips. Ann ran around laughing and
dancing while the two girls that had lost looked a little scared.
Bill told Ann that she was getting so good at poker he would have
to take her to Vegas and make them rich. The girls began to drink
more then and I was kept busy running for drinks till two other
girls ran out of money in "Monopoly."
    One girl was tied to the "X" shaped frame, another was tied
to the ceiling and floor, the third was put in a harness from the
ceiling that supported her with her legs wide spread. The last
girl was tied face up to a barrel so her pussy and head was at
waist level. Then the winning girls and the men began whipping
them. When a man would get hard he would fuck the girl he was
whipping either in her pussy, her ass or her mouth. A lot of
times two of them at once would fuck her. The only girl who was
only fucked in the pussy was the girl in the "X" frame. The girl
hung from the ceiling was fucked in her ass and pussy. The girl
in the harness and the girl over the barrel was fucked in all
three holes and also had to lick the winning girls.
    I noticed the girls seemed to use the meanest whips and hit
the hardest. That surprised me since they should know how bad it
hurt but Ann explained later that the winning girls were just
getting even for the times they had lost.
    There didn't seem to be a specific number of lashes each girl
took. They were just whipped until none of the men could get hard
anymore. I helped them because I was getting fucked by the men
who couldn't get to one of the tied girls.
    Finally everyone lost interest and the girls were let loose.
Two of the girls were crying like crazy and so exhausted they
were carried outside to their cars.
    When they left I asked about the girls that begged for mercy
and were doing so much screaming. Ann said, "Oh you mean Bobbie
and Jolene. They can't get off on pain but they were poor and
they will put up with anything to be rich. The funny thing is
that they usually lose at the games because they are so afraid of
losing they won't take chances. I don't care because I like to be
whipped or to whip. As far as I am concerned I can't lose."
    I could understand how they felt. Even if I hated to be
whipped I would have accepted it rather than go back to
detention. I felt really fortunate I liked it like Ann.
    Bill went right to bed because he had cum three or four
times. Ann didn't care if he was sucked she just didn't want him
to fuck anyone but her and Bill didn't mind if she sucked the
other men.
    I had a million more questions but we were both tired and I
went to sleep shortly after slipping into the satin sheets.
    The next morning I asked when the next party would be because
I had found it very exciting even though I had not been whipped
very much. She said that I had not been formally whipped since
the party had been planned before I was available. They usually
had one about once a month sometimes more often if she or one of
their friends thought of something real interesting to do. They
were all different although they all involved some pain. 
    She said Bill frightened her a little this morning by saying
he felt a little guilty because she had won for so long and had
avoided any pain. He thought that he might throw a party where he
would volunteer both of us to accept anything the guests might
want to do to us. She was worried because the girls that didn't
like to be hurt might be really mean to her to get even.
    She had me start my lessons while she made something special
she thought we would like.
    While I studied she got some wide satin ribbon and began to
braid three of them together. I had learned to read the questions
first so I could look for the answers. That way it only took a
couple of hours to get my perfect score.
    She kissed me and said she was proud of me for being so
smart. She had me wear clothes while I studied so I wouldn't get
distracted I was happy to hear her tell me to take them off so we
could go riding.
    When I was naked she had me hold the lips of my pussy apart
while she put the braid between my legs then tightened it around
my waist. Everytime I moved it moved on my clitoris. I could
hardly wait to get on the horse. She had me put on her braid and
kept saying "Tighter." Till it was buried in her pussy. At her
first steps she gasped and said, "Wow! This is even better than I
thought it would be."
    It was really wild on the horse! The thick braid kept the
lips open so the hair could get to the tender edges and every
movement of the horse slid the knots of the braid on our clits.
    We only rode a little way before we were having orgasms then
got off the horses to take off the braids to do a "69". Her pink
parts were all red and I knew mine were too because it was so
sensitive for her tongue.
    When we were exhausted and lying on our backs looking at the
fluffy clouds she said, "That was great wasn't it. Bill did it to
me with rope but that was too rough. My pussy got rubbed raw and
it hurt to fuck for days."
    I rolled over and kissed her nipple and said, "I love you. I
still can't believe I was lucky enough to have you find me. If he
wants to do that to me I won't care no matter how much it may
hurt."
    "You don't have to worry about it. He always wants to try
something new. If you want to make him happy you can suggest
things that will make you hurt. He is always looking for new
ideas."
    "Do you think he would like to put rings in my nipples like
the girls at the party? That looks like it would hurt."
    "I don't know. He might think he was just copying his
friends. You could ask him but you don't know what you are
volunteering for. You haven't even had your ears pierced and the
nipples would be a lot worse."
    "I suppose it would. Just clamps hurt them but I don't care
if it will please him and you."
    "You are an absolute jewel. Lets go back to the house and we
will go shopping and go to the beauty salon.
    We spent the rest of the day shopping and spending hours in
the beauty salon where we were bathed and massaged then sat in a
big Jacuzzi while we sipped champagne. I just loved it and could
hardly wait to ask Bill for the rings to prove I would do
anything to stay with them.
    When we got home he was having a drink. I ran over to him to
kneel in front of him to ask if he would like to put gold rings
in my nipples. I was disappointed my idea didn't thrill him.
    "I don't know. That is getting kind of common. I'll look
around to see if I kind find something appropriate. They might be
good to tie you in position."
    Ann and I made dinner then we went to the couch to watch a
movie on tape to watch on their huge TV. He took off his clothes
too then sat between us. After he pushed play, he began playing
with our pussies while we stroked his dick. I was always
fascinated by the way dicks grew.
    He told Ann that this was a "Snuff" movie that a business
friend had sent him from Japan and that it was unbelievable.
    The actors were Asian and the movie had short sub-titles. I
had to giggle because the actor talked a long time but the sub-
title just said, "She is a spy!" 
    It didn't start out too bad. She was hung up and whipped with
a thonged whip but then they kept going to meaner and meaner
whips with the last one of barbed wire that made her bleed a lot
and caused enough pain to make her pass out. They just threw
buckets of water on her till she came to then held something
under her nose that seemed to make her alert. She was hoarse from
screaming by then so just croaked or moaned while they pinched
her nipples and pulled on the lips of her pussy till they
stretched out past her thighs.
    I watched feeling a little sick when they pulled out her
nipples and burned them all around with cigarettes. Ann and I
cringed when a big fat guy puffed on a big cigar till it had a
long ash then jammed it into her pussy. Her eyes bugged out while
she tried to scream and then passed out again. The screen went
black for a second and then it came on with them throwing ice
water on her. The cubes bounced off her body. Again they held
something under her nose that got her alert.
    Then they did something that made Ann and I gag. They showed
a closeup of her nipples covered with blisters and a big hook
being pushed through them that was almost as big as her nipples
and caused the skin to bulge around it. Then they burned the hair
off her pussy with a candle till blisters formed on it and put
hooks into the lips.
    I think she was out of it by then because she just rolled her
head around and moaned. They must have known too because after
they ran ropes from the nipples to a pully overhead and tied the
hooks from her pussy to the floor. They began throwing water on
her again until she was alert enough to cry and accurding to sub-
titles beg for mercy. She didn't get any, they put an iron bar
between her legs to spread her till she was doing the splits.
Then they loosened the rope to her arms so her weight was being
held up by the hooks to her nipples stretching her nipples and
tits horribly. Even that wasn't enough. They pulled the nipple
ropes up till the hooks in her pussy started to tear and let
blood run down the rope then began whipping her with a wire cable
that cut her skin with each lash until she passed out with
rivulets of blood running down her body.
    This time they had a hard time getting her conscious again
and put a tube in her nose to feed in the chemical they used to
wake her up. When she was awake enough to try to scream again
they went to her with ice-picks and stuck them through her
stretched breasts, her butt, her thighs and through the stretched
lips of her pussy. Finally they stuck them into her pussy till
blood was running out in a solid stream. They noticed she had
stopped moving so one of them listened to her heart then made a
long speech which was translated to, "Forget it. She's dead." The
movie went to black with her body hanging by her nipples and
blood slowly dripping from all the stab wounds.
    Ann and I sat there in shock. Ann ran into the bathroom to
throw up.
    When she came back she said, "Bill how could you bring that
home? That is just gross. No-one could get turned on by it."
    I agreed, "Yeah even the men doing it did not have hardons."
    They looked at me funny for noticing then Bill said, "Hell I
haven't seen it before. I was told it was a torture film. I
expected the usual whippings and stretching. Evidentally the
people who made this will do anything for a buck. I agree it
would only appeal to a serial killer."
    It kind of ruined the evening. Ann and I felt sick so we went
to bed.
    The next morning she had to go to town for something so I did
my studies then wandered around the house. I got to thinking
about the movie and decided it had to be faked like the horror
movies I had seen. I played it again using the still and slow
motion buttons to study it. Looking at the cigarette burns you
could actually see smoke or steam when it was pushed in so I was
convinced that was real. When the hooks went in you could see a
bump and then the skin tear and blood drip when it came out so it
had to be real. The weird thing was that as I watched it over and
over it didn't seem so terrible anymore. I actually began to
wonder what some of those things would feel like. I had
experienced my nipples and tits being stretched but that was with
only about ten pounds of weight on each breast. It would be
different to have my hundred pounds hanging on them but might be
possible if there were rings in them rather than clamps that
pinched them.
    I tried tying string around them and pulling on it but it
didn't work because I did not know how to tie a knot that
wouldn't tighten on them and threaten to pinch them off. I
decided to wait to experiment after Bill put rings in them.
    Ann got home in time for my swimming lesson and a run around
the lake but not in time to go riding. When we were making dinner
she reminded me that we had not had an orgasm for over twenty
four hours and we both hoped Bill would get home early and horny.
    At dinner he said he had brought another movie and knew we
would like it because he had previewed it. I bolted down my food
to see it but then just had to wait for them to finish.
    We sat on the couch between him so we could play with each
other while the movie played.
    Two pretty girls took off each others clothes then they
kneeled on the rug and put their left arms around each other to
hug while they whipped each others butts. They really seemed to
get off on the whipping and rubbing their tits and cunts
together.
    Ann said loudly, "Stop the movie. We can do that only
better!"
    She ran into the bedroom to get her double dick and two thong
whips. She had me kneel with her then told Bill to hold his dick
in front of our mouths while we whipped each other. To keep from
hitting him I had to hit her left handed. It took a minute to get
in time so we didn't hit each others whip but then we got it and
my cunt, butt, and mouth were all being stimulated. Bill's cum
covered the tops of our tits before we couldn't cum anymore and
fell on our sides to pant and moan.
    Bill unhooked the double dick then laid down between us to
hug us both. I felt wonderfully warm and loved.
    The next night we watched the rest of the tape. Evidentally
one of the girls loved the whip more thaan the other because she
kneeled and held the whip out to the other girl and begged,
    "Please whip my pussy. Make it burn!"
    She then went over to the bed and took the pillows to put
under her butt to raise her pussy then spread her legs. The other
girl whipped her pussy until it was real red then said, "Hold the
lips open. I want to whip your clit."
    The girl was so excited she panted, "Oh! That will hurt
terribly!" Even as she was protesting she reached down and used
her thumbs to pull her lips open wide enough to show all the pink
and the hole going inside.
    The other girl said, "I'll get it good and hard!" she knelt
down and began licking her pussy while the other girl moaned then
she stood up and hit right down the center causing a scream with
her hands jumping away and her legs slapping shut.
    To our amazwment she whimpered and re-opened her legs and
pulled her pussy lips back open even further than before then
just made little screams as more lashes twisted her flesh until
she had a mind-boggling orgasm.
    At that point the film ended and we just sat there in shock
watching the snow on the screen until Bob turned it off and said,
    "Jesus! It is hard to believe anyone could willingly allow
that to happen. She must be incredibly brave."
    It didn't make that effect on me. I was just fantastically
excited. My pussy had spasmed in empathy with each lash and was
sopping wet.
    I said excitedly, "I could be that brave! It would have been
even more exciting if someone could have also lashed her
breasts."
    "Really! If you can take that I will buy the gold rings you
want."
    "Yes! I want it. I want to show you how brave I can be."
    Ann had doubts, "Well we could try it but you can stop us
just by letting go of your lips."
    We went to the bedroom and I held up my hips while Ann jammed
pillows under it but Bob said, "Her boobs have flattened by lying
on her back and her arms will be hit. I can fix that."
    He left and came back with some little rope. He had me sit up
and began wrapping the rope around the bases of my tits until
they were as round and hard as cantaloupes.They began to throb
under the pressure which just added to my excitement.
    When I laid back down my tits were sticking up to make ideal
targets of the extended nipples.
    I spread my legs as far as I could and pulled my pussy open
with my thumbs.
    Ann said, I'll hit your pussy because I know how much it can
take without bleeding. Just say 'Go' when you are ready. Remember
you can stop us by closing your legs. I don't think you will be
able to do this for more than a few."
    THey were both holding thong whips but I suddenly remembered
seeing a switch in the dungeon that had reminded me of the
orgasms I got from Bob and Mr. Mills.
    I said, "No. Don't use the thong whip on my boobies. It is
too wide. It may hit my face. Please use the switch I saw in the
dungeon."
    Bill looked confused at first saying, "We don't have any
switches in the dungeon. Oh wait! I know what you mean. That is
not a switch. It is the last three feet of a nylon flyrod and Ann
hates it because it cuts so deep."
    That should have warned me but I just said, "Ooh that should
make really bright red stripes."
    "It does that alright and with your tits bound it will really
hurt."
    "Oh. I may not be able to stay still to get nice even stripes
I can look at later. Maybe I should be tied so I can't move. You
could hold my pussy lips open with those little alligator
clamps."
    Ann shuddered and said, "Oh God! Are you sure you want that?"
    Bill interrupted to say, "Shut up Ann. It won't kill her and
I can give her stripes she can see for days."
    He really tied me tight. My legs were pulled apart until I
was doing a full split and looked like a letter "T" then my arms
were pulled up until they were tight against my head.
    He left and came back with the fishing pole and laid six
clamps on my tummy. I had only expected two. 
    As I laid there with my muscles beginning to cramp from the
stretch and my boobies throbbing from being constricted they tied
nylon line to the clamps. It seemed like forever until he pulled
out my pussy lip and snapped on a clamp. I had to yip when the
jaws closed because it felt like I had been bitten by a rat. I
was sure the teeth had gone clear through the skin and it was
made worse when he pulled the line tight and tied it to the
bedframe. I was crying by the time the other five had been put on
so he could hold up a mirror to show me that the lips had been
pulled so far open you could see clear inside me and my clitoris
was sticking out with no protection at all.
    To make it worse he said, "Look at yourself. Your pussy is so
open the thongs can go clear inside and one of them will hit your
clit every time. Now look at your tits. They are red and hard a
grapefruit and will be super sensitive. There is room enough to
make ten maroon stripes."
    I panicked and moaned, "No. No! I have changed my mind. I
already hurt more than I ever have. I can't take any more!"
    He just looked at me evily and said, "It is too late. This is
your idea and we have gone to too much trouble to stop now."
    I braced myself and moaned, "Go."
    The pain was unreal! My breasts were more sensitive from
being tied and they took their time. After he laid a stripe
across my tits that stung awful they let me stop stuggling before
Ann sent the whip into my pussy to my inner lips which were much
more sensitive than the outer with a terrible sting to my
clitoris. I screamed at each one but that just seemed to make
them more excited. The pain from my boobs and pussy radiated
through my whole torso. I didn't know how many times they hit but
by about the fifth I began begging them to go faster and get it
over with. Incredibly now that the pain was contimuous I went
into orgasm and began pumping my ass to meet the lashes until a
crashing orgasm made me pass out.
    When I came to my bonds were off and they were gently putting
salve on the welts on my tits and pussy. Bob was ecstatic. 
    "You were wonderful. We hit you twenty times before you
passed out and up to the end you were trying to get your pussy
open even further. You deserve a real reward."
    I must have been out for awhile because there was just a
pleasant throbbing to my tits and pussy and my boobs had swollen.
    I said breathlessly, "I had my reward. I have never had
orgasms that strong before. Look, my boobs are bigger. Maybe
whipping them will make them as big as Ann's."
    "Well at least until the swelling goes down. We will find out
because I love whipping them."
    They were really impressed and for the first time Bill ate my
pussy with his long tongue while Ann kissed and nibbled at my
throbbing nipples until I had another glorious orgasm that put me
to sleep.
 My life became ideal. During the days I swam, ran, and rode
horses everyday till my body became really slim, firm,and tanned.
I was always anxious to go to town to enjoy the admiration of men
and even women.
    They bought tapes on strippers so I could practise and
perform at the parties. They began to treat me as an adult and I
got to participate in the games. I usually lost but I didn't mind
being whipped. It seemed like the more I was hurt the harder I
came and it was more exciting to have a larger audience who
cheered when I would push out my boobs or pussy for the next
lash.. The only time it really hurt was when I couldn't cum
anymore from exhaustion and they continued to hurt me. That was
the dis-advantage of the games. I never seemed to lose the right
amount of lashes to get to the ultimate orgasm or else I got too
many. There was no problem if there was not enough because they
were happy to oblige when I begged for more but when I lost too
many they wouldn't stop until I got the whole amount. The lashes
when I couldn't cum anymore were terrible. In consolation they
were willing to lick or fuck me anyway I wanted to make up for
the tremendous pain.
    Ann learned what that was like at a party. She had continued
to win at the games so Bill said since she had enjoyed a free
ride for a long time everyone would get to give her ten lashes
each with the whip of their choice. They tied her in the center
of the room standing with her legs spread so every inch of her
body was available. Bill whipped her butt and thighs with a thong
whip. I knew what made her excited so I went next using the same
whip starting with easy lashes to her pussy and increasing the
speed and intensity as I proceeded. When I finished I recognized
the pulsations and moans of her orgasm. Unfortunately that was
the last of exciting lashes for her. The rest of the guests hit
really hard and the girls used terrible whips including long
buggy whips, cat of nine tails, bamboo canes, and wire whips that
left terrible welts. Some of them were bleeding before she had
received the one hundred and ten lashes. I was being fucked or
sucking someone all during her ordeal but when it was over Bill
and I carried her in to the bedroom and I covered her welts with
salve.
    We went back to the party and some guests wanted us to hang
her back up so they would have something to look at. I offered to
be hung in her place but they said it was not the same since I
had no welts. I offered to let the men give me ten lashes each
since they hadn't been as mean as the women. The girls complained
but the men told them to shut up unless they wanted to volunteer.
They didn't but two of the girls offered to tie me. The men
agreed to that and told them to wait until they had fresh drinks.
While they were getting them the girls huddled to decide how to
tie me.
    When the men were all back they tied my wrists behind my head
to my hair. One of them grinned at me then started wrapping small
rope around the base of my breasts till they formed hard balls
then tied another rope to the small rope at my cleavage and
pulled me up on my tip-toes. My tits began to throb right away.
Then they put a thick, rough, hemp rope between my legs and put
the ends over pulleys in the ceiling to lift me off my toes. Now
my whole hundred pounds was kept in the air just by my tits and
the rope cutting into my pussy. If they had just left me to hang
with never hitting me there would have been more than enough pain
to make me cum. My hard tits and the lips of my pussy pooching
around the rope were irrestible targets. Since my tits couldn't
compress under the lashes the pain was terrible even though they
just used thonged whips. I couldn't help but move which caused
the rope to rasp against my clit. The only good thing was that
the rope protected my clitoris when one man used all ten lashes
on my pussy with a riding quirt. I don't know how many times I
was hit. When I couldn't cum anymore I passed out. When I came
around everyone was fucking or being sucked and they ignored my
plaintive cries to let me down. I had to hang there with my tits
and pussy on fire and throbbing till Bill finally came from a
blow-job and came over to let me down. He carried me to the
bathroom and filled the tub with cool water then went in and got
Ann to join me. The cool water stopped the burning and Ann and I
caressed our throbbing pussies. There was a little blood coming
out of mine. Ann asked what had happened to me so I told her in
detail. She was mad! "Those dirty bitches. They know that rope
turns your pussy into hamburger. You are going to be sore a long
time. Bill should have stopped them."
    Bill had gone back to tell the guests the party was over.
After they left he came in and poured bath oil in the water.
    Ann said, "How could you let them hang Kim on that rope. You
know what that did to my pussy and I wasn't supporting my weight
on it."
    "What was I going to do. She volunteered. If she had
complained I would have stopped them, besides a lot of her weight
was being supported by her tits. You should have seen it Ann. It
was fantastic."
    "Maybe so but we can't let it happen again. She could get
infected and we would have a hell of a time explaining it to the
doctor."
    "No problem. That salve helped you and it will help Kim too."
    She was right. My pussy was so sore I couldn't ride the horse
even with jeans on and I was black and blue all around my tits
where the little ropes had compressed them.
    They were real nice to me all week, Bill even licked my pussy
when it got better and it was different because his tongue was
longer and thicker than Ann's. He would tickle my clit with the
end then push it all the way in me rubbing my clit on the way in
and out. I still needed more though and had Ann spank my tits
with a strap bouncing them around on my chest till I had a
massive orgasm.
    That really excited Ann. She had Bill lie on his back and
then sat on his shoulders so he could eat her pussy. In gratitude
for my great orgasm I sucked on his dick  I pushed it in deeper
and found out if I swallowed I could get it into my throat. He
really loved that and began pumping his hips while I rubbed my
nipples on the rug and rubbed my clit with my fingers.
    When we had all cum he raised up and kissed me saying, "That
was the greatest blow-job he had ever had."
    Ann's feelings were hurt till he explained that I had got his
dick down my throat.
    Ann was amazed, "How did you do that? I always have to gag
when it hits my throat."
    I told her that I found out by accident but would teach her
how to do it.
    We practised with rubber dildoes until she finally learned to
get one down her throat even bigger than Bill's. In a few days
she surprised him with her new skill. He was delighted to have
two girls that could do it. We demonstrated our skill at the next
party and the men insisted that their girls had to learn how to
do it too. I felt sorry for the girls who couldn't do it because
they just stuck rubber dicks against the back of their throats
tiil there was nothing left in their stomachs to throw up then
just jammed their dicks down their throat to feel their throats
working on it while they gagged. When one of the girls
accidentally bit a man's dick they whipped her till every part of
her body was red from her knees to her neck. Then they put her on
her back on a table and pulled her head down off the end of the
table by her hair. This seemed to help and two guys fucked her
face with only occasional jumps of her stomach from gagging.
    A few days later I was idly pulling on my nipples when I
remembered the gold rings. When Bill got home I asked them if he
had found some for me.
    "Well kind of. I saw a couple of rings at the office supply
that locked together then had them gold plated but after looking
at them again I decided they were too big. I would have to make a
big hole in your nipples to hold them."
    "Oh I don't care. They will be pretty and I will be proud I
went through the pain for you."
    "I'll show them to you. If you still want them I will put
them in."
    He got them and they were big. About two inches around and as
thick as a nail.
    I said, "They are pretty big. I was thinking of just a needle
going through my nipple."
    "No. The hole will have to be made with an ice-pick."
    I flashed back to the "Snuff," movie but then I remembered
she had not passed out when they did it and her nipples had been
burned. I had an idea. "I think I can take it if you whip them
first. That will get me so excited I won't care or will make them
numb."
    They decided it might be best if I couldn't move around so
they tied me tightly to the "X" frame. Ann got the whip and told
me to tell her when I thought I was ready. Bill was standing
there with two ice-picks he had sharpened. 
    She started whipping them and I waited till I was completely
excited before I yelled, "Do it!" Bill pulled out my left nipple
then pushed the pick through all the way to the handle and then
let it hang there while he did the other one. I went into orgasm.
    Bill looked at me in amazement. "She is cumming for Christ's
sake! How much pain can she take?" 
    He left the picks to hang on my nipples then went over and
got the black velvet box and unhooked one of the rings. He pulled
out a pick and put in the ring then did the same to the other
one. I was amazed there was so little blood and after an hour or
so they stopped aching. After they let me loose I ran over to the
mirror to look at them. They were beautiful. I put my thumbs in
to tug on them but there were too sore to pull hard.
    I ran over to them and asked, "Don't you think they are
pretty? I can put a gold chain through them and use them for a
bra, or you can lead me around by them at parties, or even tie me
with them.
    Bill laughed and said, "They are engraved but you can't see
that."
    I pulled them up in front of my eyes in spite of the pain and
read, "Property of," on the left one and, "Bill and Ann." on the
right. I giggled and said, "That is perfect. I do belong to you.
Body and soul. I will be proud to show them to anyone.
    The next day when they weren't sore at all Bill said he had
thought of a way to exercise my abdominal muscles. He put the
hooks of bungee cord in the rings and the other hooks to a hook
in the floor and sat un my ankles while I did sit-ups. When I was
sitting up my rings were up against my cheeks and my tits were
stretched. Ann made him stop after five or six saying, "If you
don't stop playing with her rings her tits will get stretched
permanently and you know how you hate sagging boobs."
    "Naw. This is alright. We just don't want to pull them down.
Anyway it has given me a hardon. Ann, You sit on my dick and Kim
can sit on my face."
    That sounded good to me I unhooked the cords and snuggled my
pussy onto his mouth. Ann handed me a whip and kept one for
herself. When she had him all the way into her she slapped my
breasts with it and I slapped hers. We hit harder and faster as
we came closer to orgasm and I must have almost drowned poor Bill
before Ann fell off to the side and I followed her.
    That was it for Bill. He hardly ever fucked more than once
except party night before he went to bed.
    I knew some of the younger men would fuck up to four times a
night at the parties so I asked about it.
    "Nature is cruel. Women don't reach their sexual peak till
bout thirty while men start losing it by the time they are
twenty. Also his job doesn't let him exercise enough to stay in
real good shape. That is why I like the parties. If something is
really wild he can get off three times."
    "Gee I wish I could fuck him. He must be really good to make
you want him so much."
    "Oh I forgot to tell you. You can someday as a special treat.
You said you had only been fucked by your principal and Mr.
Mills. I went to them and told them they had to be tested for
AIDS and show me the results or I would have them put in jail.
They are okay so there is no way you can have it. Bill and I and
our friends have been tested and we have all agreed not to fuck
anyone except each other. You were tested in jail but I wanted to
find out about Mr. Mills and your principal to be real sure."
    "Gee. What did they say?"
    She giggled, "Oh I scared the hell out of them. They got the
tests and promised they would never touch little girls again."
    I laughed, "They are lying. They enjoyed me too much to
quit."
    "I can believe that but we don't care. We will never see them
again."
    The next morning after studies I asked Ann if she wanted to
go riding but she thought it was too hot. I had never ridden on
the outer parts of their ranch since I was told to stay out of
sight while naked. I took off my nipple rings and put on a T-
shirt and shorts and began riding around the fence. On the far
side of the acreage where most of the trees were I saw a boy
about fourteen in shorts idly throwing rocks into a little pond.
I said, "Hi."
    It startled him but then he grinned and said, "Hi. That is a
real pretty horse. I had a horse once but my Dad sold his farm so
he could make more money in town."
    "Well it must be nice to have money"
    "Not really. They have nice cars and Mom bought a bunch of
clothes but I am bored to death. I had lots of things to do on
the farm. I guess it will get better when I get old enough to
drive."
    He crawled under the fence to pet my horse saying, "He is
beautiful. So are you."
    "Thank you. You are too. You look real strong. Do you
exercise a lot?"
    He sucked in his stomach to show ridges and said,"Yeah I lift
weights, run, and do chin-ups on your trees. When I get in high
school next year I am going to play football."
    "My name is Kim. Would you like to climb up behind me and go
for a ride?"
    "I would love it. My name is Dan."
    He jumped on behind me and I told him to put his hands on my
stomach to hold on. I put the horse into a fast walk.
    He said, "You are in good shape too. Your tummy is real
firm."
    "I said, "I run a mile and swim a mile everyday. Put your
hands under my shirt. You can feel the muscles."
     He pulled up my shirt just under my breasts and gently
squeezed my stomach. Then he moved closer so his bare stomach
could rub against my bare back. When I went into a trot he put
his hands higher so my tits could touch his hands when they
bobbed. It felt good so I didn't say anything but when we got
close to the house he took his hands off my stomach and rested
them on his legs proving he had never needed to hold on.
    He got off at the house and helped me off by having me slide
down his chest. I ran into the house and told Ann I had someone I
wanted her to meet. She was mad and said, "I don't want strangers
on the property. I'll tell him to go home."
    He made an instant hit by saying as soon as he saw her in her
halter and shorts, "Wow Kim. Your sister is beautiful too!"
    I grinned as Ann thanked him obviously flattered then
introduced them.
    "Joe used to have a horse when he had a farm. I thought I
would let him have a ride."
    "That's fine. why don't you get two more horses and we will
all go."
    Joe helped me put bridles on two more horses. Then he helped
Ann and I get on. He jumped on easily then showed off by making
galloping turns till he came back to ride with us. I pulled up my
T-shirt and tied it just under my tits. Ann grinned at me to let
me know she was getting a kick out of his staring at our bobbing
tits as we trotted down to the lake.
    When we got to the lake Ann said it was too hot and we should
go for a swim. He said he didn't have a bathing suit so he would
just watch us.
    Ann said, "We don't have suits either. This lake is out of
sight of every-one. Haven't you ever gone skinny-dipping?"
    "Yes, but not with girls."
    "Then this will be a new experience for you."
    That was enough to convince him. He slipped off his shoes and
shorts and ran into the lake till he was chest deep then turned
to watch us undress and walk slowly toward him. His eyes were
bugged while they darted back and forth trying to watch both of
us at once.
    When we got in the water we splashed each other then I
grabbed him to push him back in the water. His dick was hard! I
was amazed because Bill's always shrivelled up real small in the
cool water.
    In a few minutes Ann suggested we work on our tan. I followed
her to the beach where we spread the blanket we left down there
and sat on it to look at him staring at us waist deep in the
water. Ann said, "Come on out and tan. Your butt is white as a
sheet."
    He blushed and said, I can't. I'm embarressed. I have never
seen naked girls before except in pictures. I have a boner."
    "That is natural. You aren't queer are you? If you are queer
it would be soft."
    He was indignant,"No! I am not queer." He walked out to
display his very hard cock about the same size as Bill's and sat
down between us.
    Ann wrapped her fingers around it and said, "Wow. It really
is hard. Does it hurt?"
    He blushed and said, "No, it is just throbbing a little."
    Ann pushed him on his back then said, "Kim why don't you help
him."
    I straddled his dick and fed it into me while Ann sucked on
his nipples and he squeezed her breasts. He came real fast and I
felt it soften so I rolled off it and kissed his neck while he
panted. Then Kim touched his dick and said, "Look. The poor thing
is sick. Kim, why don't you kiss it and make it well."
    I began to lick and suck on it till it was good and hard then
Ann got on it while I scooted around so he could squeeze and kiss
my tits."
    This time he lasted long enough to make Ann cum.
    We let him rest while we kissed his lips and chest while
caressing his dick and balls till it began to rise then Ann
demonstrated her ability to get it down her throat. when it was
good and hard Ann let go of it and he rolled on top of me and
began fucking me missionary style while Ann fingered his asshole.
When I saw he was about to come by his contorted face I nodded at
Ann and she stuck her finger in his ass. His eyes bugged out and
he pushed in to me as hard as he could while he mashed my tits
with his fingers.
    He rolled off me panting and grinning then said he was
burning up and got up to go in the water. We joined him and we
washed the sweat off each other.
    In a little while he evidentally recovered and showed off by
grabbing both of us by our waists and carried us out of the water
while we giggled, holding on to his shoulders and nibbling at his
ears. He laid on his back and pulled Ann down on his dick. I
decided to experiment and straddled his chest then worked up till
my pussy was next to his mouth. He tried just to touch it with
his fingers but I grabbed his wrists to pull his hands away and
pushed my cunt against his lips. At first he just kissed it but
when I said, "Use your tongue!" he did and I let go of his wrists
to spread the lips of my cunt so his tongue would touch my
clitoris."
    He wasn't really very good at it but it excited me just to be
able to get him to do it and since he now had to concentrate on
his tongue as well as his dick he lasted long enough for Ann and
I to have a great orgasm.
    We laid beside him while he took deep breaths until he said,
"You girls are just wonderful. No-one would believe this happened
to me."
    That reminded Ann she said, "You can come and see us almost
every weekday as long as you promise you won't tell anyone about
this. Even your best friend. If I find out you talked you can
never come back again."
    "I promise. I promise. If I tell anyone you can kill me. I
won't though because no-one would believe me anyway. They didn't
even believe me when I told them I had seen my cousin just
wearing panties and I really had."
    Ann said, "You had better go home before your folks miss you.
I will give you our unlisted phone number and you must call first
before you come over. I don't want my husband to shoot you."
    That scared him and he promised then told us that he might as
well go home because his dick would never get hard again.
    That made Ann curious. "Dan, Kim was naughty to bring you
over without checking with me first. Would you give her a
spanking for me?"
    "Gosh I wouldn't want to hurt her."
    I said I deserved it and wouldn't be mad at him so he said,
    "Okay. I gave my cousin a birthday spanking once. It was kind
of exciting. How many should I give her."
    Ann said "I'll let you know when to stop."
    While he laid on his back I straddled his chest then laid my
mouth on his already hardening dick. He began to spank me easy
but as his dick got harder and I put it in my mouth and later
down my throat he began spanking harder with occasional slaps on
my pussy that pooched out between my legs. I was cumming so hard
juices must have been leaking out of my pussy when he made a loud
grunt and pushed his dick into my throat as far as he could while
he came.
    He was taking such deep breaths I thought he might
hyperventilate before he began to calm down.
    "You girls are just making me wild. I have never got hard
over three times before. I thought I was going crazy when my dick
was in your mouth."
    Ann giggled,"Yeah but you were just playing with yourself
before. What do you think of to get hard?"
    He looked embarressed and said, "How did you know I play with
myself?"
    "All boys do it. Girls too. Now what makes it hard?"
    "Not much. If I see a girl in a bikini or at night I imagine
what girls at school look like naked."
    "Okay. I want you to imagine what it would be like for you to
have two slave-girls who will do anything you want tonight. When
you come tomorrow we will do anything you have thought up."
    "Anything? I might be too embarressed to tell you."
    "Anything! If you want us tied up, or spank us, even whip us.
Whatever you or your friends might have imagined doing with a
girl."
    "Oh wow! Just thinking about it is making me hard."
    We looked down at him and he was! 
    I said, "You are amazing! Do you think you could fuck again?"
    "Well maybe but I saw a picture once where two girls were
licking a guy's peter at the same time. Would you do that?"
    Ann said, "Sure, as long as you play with our pussies while
we do it." 
    "Oh that would be even better."
    We got on our hands and knees putting our butts near his face
and started licking his dick and balls. At first he just kind of
tickled our pussies but then he started jamming two or three
fingers in and we all managed to cum. This time just a little bit
of cum came out of his dick."
    Afterwards we laid on our backs looking at the sky while he
stroked us saying, "This has to be a dream. I hope I never wake
up."
    Ann said, "Well it is time to wake up. We had better wash up
and go home."
    Ann told him just to put the reins on the horses neck when he
got home and it would come back to our barn and not to play with
himself so he would be fresh tomorrow.
    I asked Ann if she felt guilty for cheating on Bill but she
said, "Hell no! He has me fuck his friends even if they are
unappealing. It isn't my fault he can only get it up once or
twice a week. He is better off since he will have happy women. He
might get mad though. Let's just keep this our secret."
    His fantasies have not been very wild. He mostly just likes
to fuck us or be sucked. We have taught him how to lick our
pussies so we get off on it. He likes to tie us up sometimes to
pretend he is a schoolteacher who spanks us until our butts are
red before he fucks us. He has agreed not to hit hard enough to
make welts so our butts are normal color in a few minutes. 
    Ann and I get all the orgasms now we could want with him
fucking us during the day and Bill doing the more exciting things
at night. I feel like Dan. This has to be a beautiful dream.
                           The End 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





