BDSM Library - Sherry




Sherry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl meets old fashioned, take-charge kind of guy and falls into his spell of domination.
SHERRY
                             by allene


    I think I loved him the first time I saw him in the hall on
my first day in senior high. He was tall, blonde and handsome and
was surrounded by girls. 
    I was naturally curious and found out that his name was Ted
and he was captain of the football team. His father had become
wealthy in real estate and Ted was already buying and selling
property which let him afford a beautiful Porche.
    I knew the only thing I had going for me was my large firm
breasts, tiny, waist and round firm butt the other girls my age
were envious of and didn't think I had a chance with him since he
was always surrounded by girls who were wealthy like him and
dressed in clothes I could not have even though both my parents
worked.
    I decided to become a cheer leader so I could at least be
closer to him and worked really hard to get all the cheers down
for my tryout. The practice worked and I was picked out of all
the other girls.
    I was really happy because it allowed me to wear the micro
skirt and short sweater to show off my body.
    I took every opportunity to say hello to him and he was
friendly but he always seemed to be in a hurry and never stopped
to talk.
    The prom was near and I prayed every night he would ask me. I
was crushed when I heard he had asked Marcie a senior like him
who had a rich lawyer for a father. I began to resent my father
who was a foreman at a lumber mill.
    Then two days before the prom when I saw him in the hall he
stopped me to say, "I have been watching you. You are gorgeous. I
asked Marcie to the prom but she has the flu. I know it is late
but would you go with me?"
    I was flabbergasted. Any girl would have gone with him and he
asked me! But I had given up hope and didn't have a prom dress.
    I said, "I would love to but I can't. I had decided not to go
and don't have a dress for it."
    "No problem. I have a pocket full of plastic. We can pick one
out after school."
    "Oh I couldn't let you do that. They are expensive."
    "I want to. Consider it my penalty for not asking you
sooner."
    That was my first clue of his forceful nature. He wouldn't
accept my excuses and led me out to his sports car after school.
I was really impressed. I was used to Chevrolets.
    He took me to an expensive store I had only visited once
because the prices and the sales clerks made me feel poor.
    They knew him and didn't seem surprised that he was bringing
in a girl for clothes. One of the clerks abandoned a customer and
hurried over to lead us to a large dressing room where he sat on
a chair as if he owned the place and said, "Sherry needs a prom
dress. I think something satiny, white and sexy would be good."
    He motioned me over to him and since there was only one chair
I knelt down by his legs. 
    The sales girl left to return with several dresses she held
against her. I thought all of them were beautiful but he kept
rejecting them until she brought out a simple white satin dress.
When she held it against her I saw that the vee neck would expose
all my cleavage and it was nearly as short as my  cheerleader
skirt.
    He said, "I like that one. Try it on her."
    I protested, "It is pretty but its real sexy. My boobs will
show."
    He just looked at me sternly and said, "I see. Maybe you are
too young for me. Marcie has one just like it only black."
    I panicked, "Oh no. I just didn't want to embarrass you by
looking slutty. I love it."
    The salesgirl helped me to my feet then placed me facing him.
I expected her to hold the dress up in front of me but without
warning she slid the zipper down the back of my dress and pulled
it down my arms to let it drop to my feet.
    I blushed and quickly covered my boobs and crotch but he
looked at me disdainfully and said, "Relax. Bathing suits show a
lot more of you than that huge bra and panties. You have a great
body. Be proud of it."
    The sales girl tugged at my arms to raise them to slip on the
dress. I decided I was being foolish and raised my arms and
sucked in my tummy to make the body he liked look even better.
    When it was on he said, "The bra will have to go." 
    I didn't protest when she unsnapped it and slipped it over my
arms.
    I looked into the mirror on the wall behind him. It showed my
breasts almost to my nipples and my tummy almost to the navel but
it made me look beautiful. I was proud of the way my boobs stood
out proving I didn't need a bra for support.
    He loved it. " Perfect. You look beautiful. Turn around
slowly."
    I did feeling like a pretty model. When I was facing him
again he said, Her panties are making lines. Find some that
won't."
    When she left I said, "They might not show with a slip."
    "Are you kidding? You don't wear a slip with that dress."
    She came back and again with no warning reached under the
skirt and jerked my panties down.  I stood there feeling very
naked and wished he was not blocking my view in the mirror to see
if the shadow of my crotch hair showed.
    She showed him a selection of panties and he chose a pair
that was only a small triangle with elastic strings sewed to it.
    She had me lift my feet and then slid it up my legs. I
blushed as she held up my skirt to smooth it over my pussy and
pull the string up between the cheeks of my butt.
    Ted had me walk around a little and I felt proud when the
clerk said I looked beautiful but Ted said, "She needs another
touch. Get her a pair of patent pumps with high heels."
    She got them and at first I stumbled since I had never worn
anything but flats and my boobs nearly jumped out of the dress
but then I learned to walk with shorter more graceful steps.
    I was pleased when Ted said, "Perfect. The heels make her
legs look great." He was right. My lower legs now had a nice
curve. I enjoyed walking around noticing in the mirrors that the
heels made my hips swing more than normal and my boobs moved.
    Ted told the girl to get the boxes and then she held out her
hand and I realized she wanted the dress. I hesitated knowing
that if I took it off I would be naked except for the tiny
triangle covering my pussy but when she waggled her fingers
impatiently I slipped it off. 
    I stood there  a moment not knowing what to do then crossed
my arm over my breasts. Ted said, "No. Don't cover yourself. You
are beautiful. It is a shame you ever have to wear clothes."
    I dropped my arm blushing although I was glad he thought I
looked so pretty.
    The girl brought over my bra but he said, "Forget that. She
doesn't need a bra."
    She dropped it then had me raise my arms to slide my dress
over me. It was a let down. Ted seemed to lose interest as soon
as I was covered and I missed the excitement of being naked.
    When I followed Ted out of the store I found that the
material caressing my bare butt and my nipples was incredibly
sensual. I became excited just walking to his car.
    At the car Ted said, "You are great. Most girls would have
gone behind the screen to change. I am glad you are proud of your
body."
    It had never occurred to me that I had that option. I blushed
and said, "I thought you wanted to see me change clothes."
    It was the right thing to say. Ted said, "You were right and
I appreciate the fact you want to please me."
    He took me home and kissed me good bye. I was disappointed he
did not want more. He told me to drop by the beauty salon the
next day as he had made an appointment for me.
    I went on time and they did my hair and make-up. When I left
I had never looked that good before and looked grown-up. I
thought I might even pass for twenty-one.
    Mom was impressed too. She said, "Where did my little girl
go? You look like a movie star."
    I dressed early  and she was not as impressed by the dress.
She said it was much too sophisticated for a sixteen year old and
got a silk scarf to put around my neck and pin to my dress to
hide the cleavage.
    When Ted came for me as soon as we got in the car he said,
"Lose the scarf. It ruins the dress." I agreed explaining my Mom
insisted on it and took it off to put in the glove compartment.
This dress felt even more sensual than the other one. The satin
felt good on my bare butt and my breasts could move more easily
to caress my nipples.
    He said we had some time so he was going to introduce me to
his folks. I blushed suddenly feeling very naked and asked if I
should put the scarf back on but he just laughed and said, "My
folks are more sophisticated than yours."
    They had a lovely large home. He walked in holding my hand
and led me to the living room where his folks were watching big
screen TV. His Dad was sitting in a big chair while his Mom knelt
by his legs with her head resting on his leg while he stroked her
hair as if she was a large cat. I no longer felt naked since she
was just wearing a thin tight nightgown that hugged a lovely
body.
    They got up and to my surprise when I was introduced they
both hugged and kissed me. My folks were not demonstrative at
all. I only saw them kiss on birthdays and New Years. They had to
be married at least longer than my folks yet they stood there
holding each other. I understood why Ted liked the fact I had not
been bashful when she got up and I saw her nightie had a neckline
cut below her navel and nearly to her nipples to show her still
firm breasts and the skirt was slit to her waist to show the
sides of her curvaceous legs.
    They said I was beautiful and I felt like a gorgeous model as
they had me turn in front of them.
    Then Ted's Dad turned to him and said, "That is a lovely
dress. Did you choose it for her?"
    "Yes. She left the selection to me including the underwear."
    I blushed at that but his Dad just said, "Good. Maybe she
will be an old-fashioned girl you can settle down with."
    Then he dismissed us by saying, "Have a good time." and
ominously, "I hope to see you again."
    I wondered if he meant old-fashioned in the sense of my being
a virgin.If so I was in trouble since I had experimented with sex
with my cousins when I was twelve. 
    At the car I asked, "What did he mean by old-fashioned?"
    "Dad hates the feminist movement. He thinks it goes against
nature and the Bible since women have been taken care of by men
since the cavemen. He thinks a few lesbians have completely
screwed up women's minds to lose their proper submission and
obedience to men creating a terrible divorce rate and juvenile
delinquency since kids are being raised by day care centers
rather than their mothers."
    I agreed! " I agree. I don't understand their goals. I can't
see why holding a boring job is supposed to be a sign of pride. I
am proud of my Mom for taking care of me and always being there
for me and making our home a good place to live. My folks agree
that if the Mom's were home there would not be so many
delinquents."
    "How do you feel about being obedient?"
    "A woman should be obedient to make her husband proud. Hen-
pecked men never seem to be very successful."
    We were at a stop light and he hugged and kissed me saying,
"I think we may be a perfect couple."
    I hoped so. He was the man I had dreamed of and I planned to
make him very happy.
    At school I was a star! Boys gathered around us for a closer
look and the girls looked envious. Ted was very attentive and
made a point of introducing me to seniors I had not met forcing
compliments by asking, "Isn't she beautiful?"
    He never left my side except to get me punch and danced
almost all the dances with me until he had to go to the bathroom.
A boy asked me to dance and I did without thinking about it
enjoying even more compliments.
    I realized I had made a mistake when I noticed he had
returned and was glaring at me.
    The boy returned me to him and thanked me for the dance.
    When he left, Ted said, I thought you were my date. Why are
you dancing with other boys? Have you seen me dancing with other
girls? If you want your freedom you can have it."
    At that he left me and began dancing with a senior girl I
thought was at least as pretty as me. I felt hurt and jealous
then began hating myself.
    I went over to him as he was leaving the girl and said, "I am
sorry. Please don't punish me by dancing with other girls."
    "Well how should I punish you?"
    That took me by surprise. It left no doubt to either of us
that I should be punished but I didn't want him to abandon me so
I would have to suffer the humiliation of the smirks and
whispering of the other girls. I could only think of one way I
had been punished.
    I stammered, "I,I don't know. Daddy used to spank me when I
was little and did something bad."
    "Did that make you good?"
    "Yes, and it made me feel better because he always forgave me
and hugged me when it was over."
    "Would you feel better if I spanked you?"
    "I guess so if it would let you forgive me."
    "I'll think about it. Let's go home."
    On the way back he quizzed me about my spankings and I told
him that if Dad was real mad he would use his belt.
    "Where did he hit you?"
    "On my butt and upper thighs."
    "How many times did he hit you?"
    "I don't remember. He did it until my butt and thighs were
red and I was crying."
    "Did you hate him for hurting you?"
    "Oh no! He wouldn't have done it if I hadn't deserved it."
    He just said, "I see." and remained silent for the rest of
the way to his house. He didn't seem mad anymore And I thought
just saying I would let him spank me made him forgive me. I
thought I was safe at his house because his parents might hear us
and he seemed to confirm this by making us drinks and having me
sit beside him on the couch sipping them while he held his arm
around my waist.
    He finished the drink and got up and held out his hand. I
thought he was going to get another so I finished mine and handed
him my glass but he just sat the glasses on the coffee table and
said, "Are you ready for your spanking?"
    "We can't. I may cry and your parents might hear us."
    "They aren't here. They went to Seattle for the weekend."
    I was suddenly frightened. It had been years since I was
spanked but I remembered it had hurt.
    "Oh do you have to?"
    "I thought you wanted me to forgive you?"
    "I do. I am just a little scared."
    "I want to be sure you agree you deserve this. Take off my
belt and get on your knees to hand it to me and ask me to spank
you."
    I had resigned myself to be spanked but this added the
humiliation of asking for it. I hesitated.
    He stood there a moment then said, "Alright. I will take you
home."
    I knew if he did he would never be with me again.I decided I
should get the punishment I deserved. I dropped to my knees and
unbuckled his belt to slip it out of the loops then handed it to
him saying, "Please spank me I deserve it."
    "On your butt?"
    "Yes and my thighs until they are real red and you know it
hurts by my crying."
    My humiliation was not over. He told me to take off my dress
and panties although they provided no protection then had me fold
my arms on the back of the couch and rest my head on them.
    I had never felt so naked and vulnerable. My boobs were
hanging down and trembling and he pulled my legs apart so I knew
he could see my pussy. I was sorry I had followed the other
cheerleaders lead in having it waxed so no hair would show around
the tights. 
    Then there was a whir followed by a sting and a "Slap!" To my
surprise it didn't hurt bad. Then there were more but they still
didn't hurt a lot and I was just aware of my boobs swinging as I
flinched with each one and a growing tingle on my ass.
    Then he got to my thighs and the belt looped around one then
the other to cause a sharper sting to the tender inner thighs
really close to my pussy. I found I was getting excited.
    But then he said, "You aren't crying. I must not be hitting
hard enough."
    He started at the top again and now the sting was much worse
but I seemed to have become used to it. I didn't begin to cry
until terrible stings hit my thighs so close to my pussy it was
vibrating.
    Tears began flowing with gasps and sobs when he finally
stopped to say, "Now for your forgiveness."
    He slipped his big dick into my pussy! It was obvious the
first part had excited me because I was so wet it slid in easily
even though it was stretching my pussy lips.
    He grabbed my boobs with both hands to pull me into him and
my sobs quickly turned to moans of pleasure. 
    My experimentation with sex with my cousins and masturbation
was nothing compared to this. I went from one orgasm to a greater
ones until he grunted and pulled out to let me sink to my knees
panting with my whole body pulsating.
    I was so overcome I could only moan as he carried me to his
bed. He took off his clothes and laid beside me while I was on my
tummy feeling a not unpleasant tingling of my ass and thighs. He
picked up a bottle of oil on his dresser and began caressing it
on my red butt and thighs. It felt wonderful and even better when
his oily hand began on my pussy. I got so excited I rolled him
over on his back to direct his now hard again dick into me and
began pumping until I got a wonderful climax just before his dick
began softening inside me.
    He grinned and said, "Does that mean you are not mad at me?"
    "Oh no! I have never had an orgasm like that. I thought I may
faint."
    "At the couch or here?"
    "Both but they were different. I was wild at the couch this
lasted longer and was more loving."
    "The spanking excited you didn't it?"
    There was no use lying. My wet pussy had given me away. "Yes
at first when you weren't hitting so hard but it really hurt
towards the end."
    "Yes I noticed you were crying but I was proud of you for
being brave enough to take it without trying to get away."
    I suddenly realized that had never occurred to me. I
remembered that the pain seemed to give me satisfaction to
relieve my guilt for enjoying the humiliation and the initial
light stings.
    I lied. "I couldn't do that. I deserved the pain to make you
forgive me."
    "It may happen again if you do not please me. Does that
frighten you?"
    "No. I love you and if I don't please you I should be
punished."
    "Good. I think I love you too. I want us to go steady and if
we continue to feel this way I will want to marry you."
    I was ecstatic. "Really! I thought you were going steady with
Marcie. Won't she be mad?"
    "Probably but she won't accept discipline for her errors the
way I hope you will."
    "I will! I will! If I don't do anything you desire I should
be punished!"
    "Keep in mind you always have that option. You can always
choose punishment if I ask you to do something you really don't
want to do."
    "I can't think of anything I wouldn't do for you."
    "Good. Would you like to have some more sex?"
    "Oh yes. You are a wonderful lover."
    "Then you will have to get me hard. Get on your knees and
suck my cock."
    The thought of it made me gag his dick was still sticky from
being inside my pussy. I said, "I can't do that. I might throw
up. Besides only whores do that. I am not a whore."
    "Alright. Come with me."
    He led me outside. I had never been naked out in the open
before and there was a bright moon. Even though it wasn't likely
if someone came I would be seen which frightened me. I decided I
was being silly because he was naked too and it didn't seem to
worry him.
    He led me over to a big willow tree and said, "This time I
think I will use a switch so I won't be limited to just your butt
and thighs. Since this is your first time you may choose the
switch."
    It really seemed strange to have to pick something that may
hurt worse than the belt. They were all long but I found a
shorter one about three feet long that had a lot of leaves that
would cushion it.
    He broke it off then led me back to the house where he said,
"You should be standing for this and it may be hard for you to
stand still. I'll get some neckties to tie your wrists to the
chandelier."
    I didn't know why that should be necessary. Some of my girl
fiends had said their moms had given them a switching and had not
made a big deal over it.
    While I waited for him I became frightened and also wondered
if I really deserved to be punished for refusing a vile act I was
sure none of my friends would consent to.
    When he returned with four silk neckties I said, "I don't
think it is fair to punish me. None of my friends would agree to
suck your cock."
    "Fine. I will take you home. It is good I found out early
that you were lying about being obedient."
    "No. I wasn't lying. I just hoped you might understand why I
don't want to do it and let me have an alternative."
    "We both know you would enjoy any alternative. Are you saying
you will accept your punishment?"
    I was in a quandary. I had begun to think sucking him might
not be too bad but if I agreed to that now I would look cowardly.
    I moaned, "I guess so." and held out my arms for him to tie
on the neckties. They were a good choice. They were soft and I
knew my wrists would not be cut as rope would. The chandelier was
high and he had to get on a chair to pull my arms up tight to tie
them. Even that was not enough. He dragged over a huge footstool
and tied my legs to its legs to hold them tight and open.
    When he was done he said, "The stretch makes your body
beautiful. Look at yourself."
    I looked into the wall mirror and he was right. My waist
already tiny had shrunk even more to make my boobs and hips look
bigger and my boobs had lifted to eliminate the crease at their
bottoms.
    While I admired myself only slightly embarrassed that my open
legs had opened the slit of my pussy he began tearing the leaves
and small branches off the switch.
    It now looked much more menacing and when I heard a light
whir then a sharp sting across my butt-cheeks I understood why I
had to be tied. It seemed much worse than his belt and I was sure
it would leave welts. I really tried to be brave only gasping at
each lash but it seemed endless. He hit my back from mid-thigh to
my shoulders until the whole area was stinging and hot.
    I sighed in relief when he stopped but that was only so he
could change sides to begin laying red stripes on the front of my
thighs.
    It seemed worse to actually see the angry red stripes slowly
climbing up my thighs. I was glad my thighs protected my pussy.
    The stripes started going up my tummy and I thought it would
be over when he got to my breasts. He surely wouldn't hit them.
But he did!  Two stripes appeared below my nipples then a
terrible one across both my sensitive nipples to make me scream
and beg, "No more. I'll do it. I'll suck your dick!"
    He grinned the said, "Just two more so you will really think
twice before refusing me."
    I screamed as he went from one side to the other to put two
stripes diagonally across my pussy to make a red "X".
    I was blubbering and sobbing as he untied me then I just
slipped to my knees and directed his now hard dick into my mouth.
    It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I kept my pussy
clean so there was no bad taste just a little salty like sucking
on a salami.Really the only bad part was my feeling of being so
slutty and slavish especially when I meekly followed his
directions to roll my tongue around on his dick and to suck to
make my cheeks go concave. I even followed his direction to stop
and lick his balls so he could last longer.
    Finally his dick jumped in my mouth and shot his slimy cum. I
didn't know what to do with it. I certainly couldn't spit it out
on their rug. He solved the dilemma by saying, "Swallow it and
lick my dick clean."
    That seemed especially demeaning since it was now soft and I
had to pull it out to clean between the wrinkles.
    "It just made it worse when he said, "That was good. My
friends would be jealous to know you are such a good cocksucker."
    It was bad enough that I had done it. I certainly didn't want
anyone to know about it. "Oh I feel so slutty! Please don't tell
anyone I did it."
    "Really. I thought you had changed your mind. You accepted
all your punishment and I was surprised you went down on me
without my asking."
    I really felt stupid. I had taken all that pain and had ended
up doing what he wanted anyway. Worse if I had agreed right away
I would have only had to suck him until he was hard enough to
fuck me but now he was soft and began getting dressed saying it
was time to take me home.
    My only consolation was that the switch had made my nipples
super sensitive to feel every movement of the satin and his
suggestion to pull up my skirt to let my ass and thighs feel the
soft leather of the car seat made me excited enough to take his
hand and press it against my pussy. It felt wonderful and I slid
forward on the seat and spread my legs so his finger could slide
on my clit. I didn't even care when he said, "You are turning
into quite the little slut." because orgasms were starting and
continued to get stronger. When we were at my driveway I was
panting and trembling so much I stopped on the sidewalk to calm
down before I went in.
    It was a good thing because Mom had waited up for me.
Fortunately I had put the scarf back on to hide my striped
breasts.
    She said I looked flushed and said, "You must have been doing
some heavy petting to look so excited. I know you like him a lot
and I am afraid you may not be able to resist having sex with
him. I know I could not resist your father. Just in case I am
going to share my birth control pills with you until you can get
your own."
    I was really happy. I thought she would give me another of
her lectures against sex. This seemed to prove she liked him too
and was in effect approving our making love.
    I went to bed so relieved I masturbated until I fell asleep.
    In the morning I looked in the mirror expecting to see big
blue stripes and was amazed that everything had faded except a
few tiny bruises where the tip of the switch had dug in.
    We had a date to do some shopping and whatever else I wanted
to do. That was the start of a pattern. After I was punished he
would always be especially nice to me. As instructed I dressed
simply in a sweater and mini-skirt remembering to leave off my
bra. At the last moment I decided to be especially daring for him
and took off my panties.
    He brought flowers for Mom which utterly charmed her  and
seemed pleased when he met me with a deep kiss.
    At the car I remembered the sensuous feeling of the leather
seats and pulled up my skirt to feel it on my bare butt without
being told. He grinned pleased that I was enjoying the pleasure
he had introduced to me. As I hoped his hand nestled in my crotch
to keep me in a constant state of arousal.
    He asked, "How do you feel after your switching?"
    "I am amazed. I thought I would be covered with bruises but I
only have a few tiny ones. See?"
    I pulled my skirt up to my waist to show him the little
bruises on the sides of my butt and one on the left lip of my
pussy. He touched the one on my pussy and said, "That one must
have stung."
    "More than that. It was so close to my clit it was pure
agony."
    Well unless you do something horrendous your spankings or
switching will never be worse."
    That removed all doubt that there would be more unless I was
totally submissive. I decided I should let him know they really
hurt.
    "I don't think spanking or switching is the right term. That
sounds childish and doesn't really describe the way I suffered. I
would call them whipping especially since I was hung up like the
slave in my history book."
    " Maybe you are right but to be authentic you should have a
real whip."
    That frightened me but at the same time I thought that would
be better since I would be punished as an adult rather than a
rebellious kid.
    He took me to the nice store and bought me a beautiful silk
blouse. To my surprise he did not ask me to be humiliated by
trying it on in front of the clerk. He also bought me a beautiful
big leather shoulder bag.
    He took me to lunch at a fabulous restaurant. We sat at a
booth in the corner that was upholstered in material that was
like a deep pile rug. He felt the material then said, "This
material should feel good on your bare butt."
    When no-one was looking I lifted my full skirt and spread it
around me. I gasped as I sunk back in to it to feel the long
stiff threads sinking into my butt like sitting on a soft brush.
It not only felt good on my butt. The long threads were also
sticking my pussy. I became aroused. It not only felt good it
seemed exciting to be enjoying it with all the people sitting
around unaware of my excitement. I hurried through the meal so we
could get back to his car to let his hand fondle my pussy.
    At the car he said, "Do you know how to braid?"
    "Of course, all girls know how to braid. Why?"
    "I have an idea."
    He drove us to a western store with saddles, bridles and
western clothes and wandered aimlessly until he found a wall of
long leather thongs. He picked out six about a half inch wide
then six more about the size of leather boot strings but very
long.
    When we got out to the car he said, "Tonight I want you to
braid the wider thongs to make a handle with loose thongs about
two feet long then the smaller thongs tightly all the way to the
end. That will give you two whips to let you feel grown-up and to
remind you to be good."
    It made me re-think our relationship. It seemed total
submission to make whips I was sure would hurt and would
inevitably be used on me but I rationalized that if they were it
would be my own fault. 
    Then he said, "I am going to show you our dream house." I
kissed him happy that this seemed to be a real commitment. No
further mention was made of the thongs but I couldn't get my mind
off them and took some out to lay them across my legs. They felt
soft and perversely it excited me to imagine how they would feel
hitting me. He grinned and said, "Do you think they will hurt?"
    I quavered, "Yes but I don't think they will be as bad as the
switch and I will feel more like a martyr rather than a stupid
child."
 He drove us out of town to a wooded area then up a long driveway
to a beautiful house made of cedar and stone. He led me around
the grounds saying, "I bought twenty acres and the house is right
in the center to give us total privacy. Come around to the back."
    There I saw he had dammed a creek to make a pretty pond with
a sandy beach. I imagined being able to sunbathe nude. He said,
"It took ten truckloads of sand to make the beach. Do you like
it?"
    "Oh yes it is beautiful."
    "Good. It is nice and warm. Let's go for a swim."
    He began taking off his clothes and I joined him. It was
exciting to be naked out in the open even though it was very
unlikely we might be seen. We swam for awhile then he began
kissing me and his wet body against mine felt wonderful then he
said, "Let's go to the house where we can be comfortable."
    He led me into the house which was just as beautiful inside
with a large rock fireplace and open beam ceiling. I realized the
thick beams could be used to hang me but strangely the idea just
added to my excitement and when we got to the bedroom with a huge
bed I was already wet.
    We made love for the rest of the day. On the bed, with me
sitting on the kitchen counter and finally on a huge sheepskin
rug in front of the fireplace. He was a wonderful lover he knew
all my secret places and could make it last a long time.
    There was nothing to eat or drink in the house it wasn't even
completely furnished and since we had worked up an appetite we
drove back to town to go to another good restaurant.
    On the way back he said that when he graduated from high
school he was going to move into the house hopefully with me. He
said I could help him pick out furniture which seemed like an
even greater commitment although saying he "Hoped I would be with
him." left some doubt. I dreamed of living there and having him
make love to me and made up my mind to please him at any cost.
    I squeezed the hand toying with my pussy and said, "I love
you so much! You'll see that I will do anything to please you."
    He reminded me that everything about him was not good when he
said, "Good. Do a good job of making your whips."
    "I will but you won't need them. I'll be good."
    After dinner he took me home and said, "Ask your Mom if you
can go up to the lake with my parents and me this weekend. She
can call my folks if she has any questions."
    I asked her but she had doubts about being with him for a
whole weekend. I was a little embarrassed when she called his mom
and asked if I would be an imposition as if I was a little girl
they would be babysitting.
    I worked hard on my whips even doing them over to get the
braids really tight on the handle of the thong whip. My folks
were asleep by then so I took off my clothes to stand in front of
my mirror then took a deep breath and held it as I swung it in
front of my body to let the ends hit my ass. It stung but not as
much as I feared but somehow it didn't look finished. I trimmed
the ends to form an arrow shape then hit myself again. That left
little arrow shaped welts on my butt. It only stung a little bit
more and I thought the marks would let him know it was hurting
me.
    On the other whip I braided the laces so tight it was stiff
and trimmed the knot at the end to form a small ball. It seemed
to stiff to bend around me so I braced myself and hit downward at
the inside of my left thigh. It hurt more than I expected causing
a little yelp and left a red line on my tender inner thigh with a
round blotch where the knot had hit.
    I dropped it on the floor and stared at it wondering if I
could stand the pain of several lashes. I thought about it while
rubbing the welt until I looked down to see the red had faded. I
decided I had over-reacted. It couldn't be too bad for the red to
go away so soon.
    He had told me he wanted to see the whips so the next morning
I folded them to put in the bag he had bought realizing he had
chose that one to be big enough to hold them. Since I was going
to school I put on the bra he had bought me that compressed my
breasts to make a tight cleavage and put on some panties that was
just string with a vee for my pussy I tied tightly around my
hips. then put on a sweater and skirt full enough to pull up to
let my bare butt cheeks rest on the seat. 
    He picked me up to take me to school and immediately asked if
I had finished the whips. I pulled them out and he seemed
pleased. He felt them as if they were pet snakes. We were in our
driveway so long I was afraid my Mother would come out to see if
there was something wrong. Just before I voiced that fear he gave
them back to me and backed out.
    At a stop sign he said, "You should make them soft with the
oils from your skin." He took the skinny whip and pulled out the
neck of my sweater to slide it down the tight slit between my
breasts then into my panties so the knot was resting on my
clitoris. Then he took the other whip and slid the handle under
me so my butt cheeks and pussy lips were squeezing it then
separated the thongs to wrap them tightly around my thighs.
Finally he pulled my skirt down to hide everything. If anyone
looked at me they wouldn't see anything unusual but when we
started to move the sensations of the handle and the knot on my
clit made me instantly excited.
    By the time we got to school I was so excited I was panting
and moaning right at that terrible, wonderful feeling just before
orgasm.
    When he parked I hugged and kissed him causing even more
sensations and said, "To hell with school. Take me somewhere and
fuck me. I need you terribly."
    "No. This is test day. But hold that thought because after
school we will go up to my house and fuck our brains out."
    He removed the whips and put them in my bag. I really missed
them. They were now instruments of pleasure rather than pain.
    It was really hard to concentrate at school even though the
whips were gone I could still seem to feel them. That and his
promise of great sex kept me excited and made the day seem
endless.
    Finally the final bell rang and I ran to his car to wait for
him. We left the parking lot but a little down the road he pulled
into a deserted park and said, "Would you like to soften the
whips?"
    "Oh God. Yes!"
    This time he did it differently. He undid the bows of my
panties and took them off then slid the skinny whip into my
cleavage and positioned the knot over my clit and began twiddling
it until I was trembling and my pussy was super wet. Then he
gently but firmly pushed and twisted the handle of the thong whip
deep into my pussy. He used two of the thongs to wrap around my
waist to tie them tightly to hold the knot on my clit then used
the other thongs to wrap and tie around my thighs just touching
my pussy lips. I think I could have reached climax just by
sitting there and squirming but it was even better when he
started driving swerving around curves, hitting potholes and
making short stops with fast takeoffs at stop signs even that
wasn't enough and I used my hands to move both whips.
    By the time we reached the house I was having multiple
climaxes.
    He took my whips away then kissed me and told me to get out
and take off my clothes. I walked to the house naked, hugging the
whips that had given me so much pleasure.
    I was disappointed he was still in his clothes and when we
went in his attention was diverted from me as he said, "Oh good.
They have delivered The couch and chair."
    I saw a huge black leather couch and chair facing the
fireplace. He went over and sat in the chair then said, "Shit.
They forgot the footstool. Come over here."
    He had me get on my hands and knees then rested his feet on
my back. It seemed very humiliating to be treated as furniture
and after a few minutes I reminded him. "You promised you would
fuck me."
    He took off his feet and pulled me between his legs to hug
and kiss me saying, "I will fuck you and give you marvelous
orgasms but you are getting greedy. I know you came from the
whips. You love them don't you?"
    "Oh yes. They were really exciting."
    "How would you like to feel them hitting you?"
    "But I haven't done anything wrong."
    I know that. I just want to try them out. I want you to ask
me to give you three lashes with each whip."
    I didn't seem to have any choice. If I refused that would be
disobedience which may carry a worse penalty. In spite of the
unfairness I quickly rejected the third choice of refusing and
telling him to take me home.
    It seemed really perverse to ask for pain for no reason other
than to satisfy his curiosity but I said softly, "Please give me
three lashes with each whip. Will I be tied for them?"
    "No you are taking them willingly. where do you think the
lashes should hit?"
    There were only three places of interestfor three lashes. I
gulped nervously then said, "On my butt, my breasts, and even my
pussy?"
    He hugged and kissed me saying, "Very good. I am proud of
you. I was afraid you would be cowardly and ask for them just on
your butt."
    Strangely I felt very proud of myself by showing my courage
even though I may have asked for them just on my butt if it had
occurred to me.
    He had me rest my head on the back of the couch for the
lashes to my butt. I heard a "whish" then felt a terrible sting
covering both cheeks. I yelled and couldn't resist standing up to
rub the stinging cheeks with my hands. He pushed my hands away
then said, "That was a nice innovation shaping the tips. It
leaves interesting diamond shaped welts. Only the left cheek is
welted so I will change sides to let the right cheek feel the end
of the other whip."
    It was hard to get back into position and I heard nothing
until a sharp "Crack" and simultaneous pain across both cheeks. I
gripped the couch with my hands sobbing as he began feeling the
welt saying, "This one must be worse than the first. It left a
really nice welt with a darker one at the knot."
    I sobbed, "It is terrible. Please don't use it again."
    "You agreed. There will only be two more."
    "Yes but they will be on very sensitive places."
    "That will let you prove your courage. You aren't going to
make me ashamed of your cowardice are you?"
    I remembered how proud I had felt upon agreeing and decided
to be brave if it killed me.
    He said "For your breasts I simply want you to stand with
your hands on your head and when you are ready take a deep breath
to push them out for me."
    I got into position then took a deep breath. Nothing happened
so I pulled back my elbows to push them out more. I saw a blur
then both boobs seemed to catch on fire. I looked down to see the
single lash had completely reddened both boobs.
    He looked at me quizzically. I guessed he expected me to beg
but I had made up my mind to suffer in silence.
    He went to my other side and I groaned as he slid the skinny
whip across my boobs stopping when the knot was right on my
nipple.
    I again pushed out my tits for a really horrendous pain that
brought tears to my eyes and sobs in spite of my resolve."
    He hugged and kissed me again and stroked my stinging boobs
and especially nipples until I had calmed down with the removal
of pain.
    Now it was time for the really scary part. He had me sit in
the middle of the couch with my ass at the edge then lean back
and grip the leather at the top of the backrest. Then he told me
to open my legs saying "Wider, Wider" until my knees were
touching the couch and I knew my slit had opened.
    He stepped behind me then leaned over to drop the thongs of
the whip between my legs then dragged them over my pussy stopping
with the pointed ends resting on my pussy. I shuddered realizing
he was judging the distance to make sure the ends would hit my
open slit.
    I saw a blur then my pussy erupted in pain. I screamed and
began caressing it like a wounded bunny until the pain subsided.
    He said, "Last one." and knelt by my knees. I shook my head
sobbing and continued to caress it until he said, "Come on my
brave girl. Open your legs."
    I whimpered, "It will make me bleed."
    "No. I won't make you bleed. Open them."
    I worked up all my courage and slowly opened them wider and
wider until again my knees were touching the couch.
    He laid the skinny whip into my slit then began rubbing it up
and down to make the knot rub on my clit. I felt ashamed this was
making me excited and the suspense was killing me. I finally
moaned, "Do it. Get it over with!"
    Then he did an incredible thing. He just brought the whip
back a little way then made the knot sting my clit lightly
followed by tingling. He moved forward and began licking my
engorged clit. The loss of fear made me instantly excited and he
let his tongue flutter on it until I had a glorious orgasm.
    He recognized the symptoms of my orgasm and got up to hold me
I said, "Oh thank you! That felt wonderful."
    "You were wonderful. I thought you should have something
special for being so brave."
    "I was, wasn't I? If someone had said a few months ago that I
would have the courage to hold myself to be whipped I would have
said they were crazy. It is because I love you. If I didn't I
would have run away. I am glad I did it for you!"
    "I love you because you are willing to prove your love but I
should warn you that I will probably expect to prove it again. I
may ask you to do things that may embarrass, humiliate or hurt
you. Can you live with that?"
    I didn't even have to think about it. The pain had only
lasted for moments and he had more than made up for it. 
    "Oh yes! Pain and humiliation will let me prove my love."
    "Good. We are going to dinner with my parents Wednesday. If
Dad approves of you I will announce our engagement."
    I was so excited I hugged and kissed him then said, "I am
sure he will approve of me. I will prove I am an old-fashioned
girl."
    I suddenly remembered that he had given me a wonderful orgasm
but he hadn't and slid down his body to open his pants to give
him the best blow-job I could. When he came in my mouth I
swallowed it and smiled at him happy I could get him so excited.
    On the way home he told me that he had made an appointment
for me at the beauty salon and had bought a dress for the
occasion.
    After school he gave me a dress box and dropped me off at the
salon after checking with them to see when I would be done.
    He had ordered the full treatment. I was given a bath, a full
body massage, a facial, a manicure, a pedicure, a bikini wax that
removed all of my pussy hair, a new hairdo and cosmetics. I had
never been so pampered. When they were done I opened the box from
Frederick's of Hollywood and took out the dress. It was white
silk and just had two straps that only covered a little more than
my nipples. Those were attached to a micro skirt. The waist was
just above my butt crack and the hem was just below the round
part of my butt. The girl that had been working on me said, "Wow!
This must be a special occasion. That is the sexiest dress I have
ever seen."
    It was! It was almost sexier than if I had been naked. As I
looked in the mirror noticing the pink shadow of my nipples I
said, "Me too. Do you think it makes me look like a prostitute?"
    "God no! It is much too expensive for that. It makes you look
like a movie star."
    That made me feel better especially since I had seen pictures
in the tabloids of stars wearing things just as sexy.
    As I walked with him to his car I noticed men staring at me
and blushed, He said, "Why are you blushing?"
    "The men are staring at me."
    "They are staring because you are beautiful. Be proud."
    When we got to the car I remembered to lift the skirt so my
ass was resting on the leather then said, "Do you think your Dad
will approve of my dress?"
    "I know he will. Mom has one just like it only black."
    They met us at the door and I was relieved to see his Mom was
wearing her black version of my dress. She grinned and said, "We
look like twins." then asked me if I would like to help her serve
dinner.
    When we were in the kitchen I said, "We really do look like
twins especially since the hairdo and cosmetics make me look
older. It is hard to believe you are old enough to be Ted's Mom."
    She laughed and said, "I'm not. I am only twenty-three. I am
his step-mother. He calls me Mom because he likes me more than
his real mom. Phillip divorced her because she did not show the
proper respect for him and Ted."
    "Oh I know. They both like old-fashioned girls."
    "That is a euphemism. What they like is a woman willing to be
their slave. It is worth it though. I feel totally pampered.
Phillip dresses me, bathes me, and caters to my every whim. In
return he only wants total obedience."
    "Oh I know. Ted treats me the same way and I love it."
    "Really. Has he ever punished you for being naughty?"
    I blushed and admitted, "Yes but I deserved it."
    She smiled and hugged me saying, "I think you will fit right
in to the family."
    We started bringing in the food. It was really elaborate and
I said, "This is beautiful. It must have taken you hours to
prepare."
    "Oh this was catered. I only cook little things. For big
dinners we eat out or have them catered. The maid will clean up
for us in the morning."
    Dinner was uneventful. Phillip and Ted just discussed real
estate deals that were in progress. I held back to make sure I
was eating things in the proper order with the right utensil.
    After dinner Ted and Phillip went to the living room to sit
in big chairs by the fireplace while Jan, his Mom, led me over to
the bar where she poured cognac into snifters for them and us.
    He gave Phillip the glass then knelt by his leg where he
stroked her hair and shoulders as if she was a big cat. I
followed her lead to kneel by Ted. Then Ted said, "I would like
to take this occasion to say we love each other and would like to
be engaged to marry."
    Phillip stared at me and I looked down self-consciously to
make sure a strap was not exposing a nipple then he said, "She is
lovely Ted. Is she an old-fashioned girl?"
    I noticed Ted's respect when he said, "Yes Sir. She is
totally obedient and is willing to be punished for infractions."
    "Have you punished her?"
    "Yes Sir. With my belt, a switch, and she has braided whips
which she willingly allowed me to try out on her."
    I was mortified. I had accepted the fact I would be punished
but I didn't think anyone else would know.
    "Very good. I think I would like to see more of her."
    I was happy thinking he meant he wanted me to be around them
more but Ted knew exactly what he meant.
    "Certainly. Stand up Sherry and turn around slowly."
    I did pushing out my chest to make the straps snug to hide as
much of my breasts as possible.
    When I faced them again Phillip said, "She moves gracefully.
Can she dance?"
    "No but she has rhythm from being a cheerleader. I plan to
have her attend dance classes."
    "Good idea. She can join your Mom to entertain us."
    "I think so too. Her body is perfect. Sherry. Take off the
dress."
    I blushed and said, "I am embarrassed. I have only been naked
in front of you."
    Ted looked at me sternly and said, "Are you refusing me?"
    I had no doubt he may punish me in front of them and said,
"No. I just wanted your Dad to know I have never done this."
    I slid off the straps then unsnapped the skirt to let it
slide down my legs and stepped out of it. I stood there nervously
holding my hands over my bald pussy until Ted said, "When you are
nude you will leave your hands at your sides or behind your back
and will open your legs. Your legs will only be close together
when you are walking."
    Somehow it seemed easier to put my hands behind me to grip
them together. He had me turn again slowly and I had never felt
so naked. I didn't even have the hair to hide my slit and
everyone around me was fully dressed. As I continued to turn
slowly trying to be as graceful as possible they talked about me
as if I was some kind of prize animal commenting on my skin,
muscle tone, my full rounded breasts, my small waist and round
butt. I began to relax a little enjoying all the compliments but
my humiliation was not over.
    Ted said, "Go over to Dad so he can see how nice and firm you
are."
    I went over to him trembling for him to feel my tight tummy,
and lift and squeeze my breasts giving me compliments as Ted
explained I stayed in shape for cheerleading. Finally he squeezed
my butt cheeks and said, "It is perfect. Just right for
spanking."
    I blushed anew as Ted said, "Yes and she doesn't mind being
spanked. Sherry. Lay over his lap so he can give you a Birthday
spanking. She is sixteen Dad."
    That seemed really humiliating but I just said, "Do you want
to?" in the vain hope he would say it was not necessary.
     Instead he said, "It doesn't seem fair to give you a
birthday spanking without a present."
    He took a roll of bills out of his pocket and slid off a
hundred dollar bill, folded it and suddenly shoved it into my
pussy.
    I blushed to my toes then he said, "Now you have your
present. Lay over my legs."
    I fought my impulse to run and laid over his legs with my
butt up. He held on to my left breast with his left hand then I
felt a sharp sting as his hand slapped on my buttcheek. I looked
at Ted and Jan hoping for sympathy but realized I was just sexy
entertainment. Ted was stroking his crotch and Jan looking
excited  had slid her hand into the waist of her skirt to fondle
her pussy. He made it last a long time letting each sting subside
before adding a new one. It didn't hurt bad and to my shame I
felt myself becoming excited.
    Finally it was over and he helped me up where I got back into
position with my hands behind me and my legs open trembling and
panting slightly while hoping they would not notice my pussy had
become wet.
    Then Phillip said, "Jan. Why don't you show Sherry how to
dance."
    She ran over to the stereo cabinet and put in a CD while
Phillip led me over to a couch where I sat between Ted and
Phillip. 
    She began a slow strip tease to the slow beat of the music
and when she was naked Ted and Phillip lifted my legs to drape
between theirs and they began fondling my breasts and pussy. She
was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. She had a lovely body and
like me a bald pussy. She moved gracefully bending toward us to
let her breasts swing to the music and then away to bend over
with her legs apart to show her open slit. She continued dancing
fondling her breasts and pussy until the song was nearly over
then she got on her hands and knees and began crawling toward us
dragging her nipples on the nap of the rug.
    She crawled right up to my open legs and then to my
embarrassment but delight put her mouth against my pussy sopping
wet from the men's caresses and spread my pussy to begin licking
the inner lips and my engorged clit until I went into orgasm
helped by the little pinches on my nipples by the men then their
lips on them to suck and nibble.
    Just as my orgasms became stronger she stopped and began
removing Phillip's clothes. I quickly joined her in removing
Ted's then we all went to the floor to make glorious love.
    When we were exhausted Jan got up and refilled our cognac
glasses then we laid back against the couch and idly caressed
each other until we had all calmed down.
    The Ted said, "Sherry that was wonderful but I think you
could get Dad and I excited enough to do it again. Jan gave you a
nice present by licking your pussy. She should give you a
birthday spanking."
    I had been a little jealous of the men's engrossed attention
of her dance. This would allow me to be the center of attention.
    I said, "Spankings are childish and I am a woman. Should I
get my whip?"
    "Good for you. I was hoping you would show Dad you are
willing to please us."
    I went out to his car in the floodlit driveway actually
hoping someone might see me and brought back my thong whip. I
gave it to Jan then kneeled on the floor facing the men with my
hands on my head and my breasts out with my legs spread widely.
    Jan said curiously, "Shouldn't you be turned around?"
    "No. My butt has been spanked. Do my front"
    I was pleased when Phillip said, My God Ted, you have found
an absolute jewel."
    I think Jan was jealous because she stood over me and hit
down hard to make my breasts jump, my tummy shudder,and my pussy
lips squirm. It took a lot of willpower to hold position and not
scream but they knew it hurt from the tears rolling down my face
and my anguished gasps. Interestingly I was fascinated by
watching Ted and Phillips cocks become longer and harder until
they were throbbing like my breasts and pussy.
    To my surprise when she finished Phillip fucked me while Ted
fucked Jan. That was when it became plain I would be a slave to
both of them.
    Later we made love again after Jan and I sucked them to get
them hard then we took showers and Ted took me home. My folks had
already gone to bed so I waited until morning to tell them I was
engaged.
    Dad was happy for me but Mom thought I should wait until I
had graduated since it was almost impossible to get a job without
a high school education.
    I laughed and said I would never have to work because Ted was
rich but she still had misgivings. "What if the marriage doesn't
work out. You will be awful committed to him since you won't be
able to support yourself if you get a divorce."
    I told her there was no possibility of that since we both
loved everything about each other. I guess she was right though.
Later on there were times I may have left him but I couldn't
leave the lifestyle to work at a fast food restaurant.
    That afternoon he took me shopping for my ring. As usual he
picked it out and I was glad because I would not have had the
nerve to ask for something so expensive.
    Mom agreed he must be really committed to buy a ring that
cost over two thousand dollars. We agreed to be married a week
after his graduation in two months and I stayed in school only to
finish drivers education so I could get my drivers license.
    He had me give up cheerleading and I did it thinking that he
was jealous and didn't want me to show off my body to everyone
even though I missed the admiration. Later on I decided the real
reason was so no-one would see whip marks on my body.
    My folks resigned themselves to the fact that I would
sometimes stay overnight with him only asking that I let them
know so they wouldn't worry.
    Phillip and Jan invited the folks over for dinner. I was glad
to see Jan was conservatively dressed for the occasion. They were
really impressed and Dad especially was happy when Philip let him
invest in one of his deals that doubled his money.There were more
deals and soon my Mom was happy when Dad was making enough money
for her to quit the job she had always hated.
    That changed them. Dad became more self-confident and began
to ask Mom to be more attentive like Jan. She fell into the role
easily and went shopping with Jan to begin wearing much sexier
clothes. It became obvious that I had inherited her great body.
    Ted enrolled me in a belly-dancing class and bought costumes.
I showed him the new moves I had learned and he made suggestions
to make them sexier. He was really pleased and was happy to make
love to me and not punish me in any way. HE did continue to cause
me some embarrassment in school by saying he was marrying me
because he had found the ideal slave girl. He seemed to check
their reaction to see who thought that was great and who seemed
sorry for me. We spent time after school shopping for furniture
for our house. I was really anxious to move into it permanently.
 Just before school was out my girl friends gave me a bridal
shower. Most of my presents were sexy nighties or underwear I
enjoyed modelling for him. He decided to have a bachelor party at
our house.
    I said that I would miss him during the party since I had
become used to having at least one orgasm every night.
    He said, "You won't miss anything. You will be the
entertainment. Why do you think I had you take dancing lessons?"
    "Oh I thought it was just for your entertainment. Do you
think I am good enough for an audience?"
    "You had better be. If they aren't pleased you will be
punished."
    That scared me. I was afraid he may punish me in front of
them and practiced very hard. He decided I should do the dance of
seven veils so I practiced removing them gracefully to finish in
my tiny jeweled bra and panties near the end of the long song. 
    The night of his party I thought he may have changed his mind
about my performing because he had me dress in a sweater and
mini-skirt so I was covered from my neck almost to my knees and
let me wear a bra and full panties. We met his guests as they
came to the door and I was disappointed that none of the boys
brought dates.
    As soon as they came in Ted had me get them drinks until the
tenth boy came in and Ted said the gang is all here.
    After the second round I realized the performance was still
on when Ted had the guys arranged the chairs in a semi-circle
facing the center of the room.
    He had a preliminary before my dance. I guess he wanted to
show my submissiveness because he announced, "Guys. My bride to
be is not only beautiful but she knows her place as my slave."
    He had me get on my hands and knees then he snapped a dog
leash around my neck. Then he placed a silver tray on my back and
placed glasses of booze on it. He said, "She has learned to be
very graceful. If she spills your drink you can give her five
spanks with this."
    I looked up to see he was holding a willow switch. They
cheered! I made up my mind to be very careful to cheat them of
the satisfaction their excited looks seemed to demand. I moved
slowly and gracefully toward the semi-circle prompting Ted to
say, "Isn't she fantastic. She moves like a big cat."  They
agreed and I heard them say I was beautiful in awed voices that
made me feel proud in spite of the humiliation I should have felt
from being led around that way. I served the first four drinks
with no spills and followed his lead back to get more. On the
second set he fooled me. I assumed he had put four more glasses
on my tray and when the fourth was served I turned quickly to go
back for more and felt a fifth glass spill on the tray to wet my
back. Ted said, "Dick. You get first shot."  Ted had me put my
head and breasts down to the floor. Dick swatted my upturned ass
with delays in between so he could savor them. My skirt protected
my ass some so it didn't hurt badly but it was awful humiliating
especially since they all seemed to enjoy my gasps and flinches.
    I served the last of them with no problem then Ted had me
pose in front of them kneeling while I waited for someone else to
need a drink. It didn't take long. They began to drink fast and I
was serving again. After I served the first five with no incident
they decided to cheat. As I crawled by they began first by
tickling my sides but when Ted did not object they began fondling
my boobs and butt as I went by. I managed to remain graceful even
for that but then someone goosed me and I jumped to spill three
drinks.
    "Ted said, I guess she didn't learn anything from the first
spanking. Tom, Harry and Mike have the honors." 
    I whimpered, "It isn't fair. Someone goosed me."
    Ted said, "That is a protest. It has made it worse for you."
    At that he flipped my skirt up over my back and I knew my
white almost transparent panties would be no protection at all.
    I whimpered but again let my breasts down to the floor to
bring up my butt. My only consolation was one of the boys saying,
"Jesus. She is brave. This is going to hurt. I know! My Dad used
a switch on my bare butt." and that they didn't hit me as hard as
they could have. After the fifteen my butt was stinging like
crazy but I received more consolation when one of the boys
exclaimed, "She is awesome. She never tried to get out of
position!"
    I guess Ted decided I had enough. At least he had proven all
his guests had enjoyed my pain. He helped me up and took off my
leash to tell me to go put on my costume and wait for him to
announce me. As I walked away I heard him say, "If you think she
was graceful serving drinks wait until you see her dance. She is
the most beautiful sexy girl you have ever seen."
    That made me feel really proud to have him say that in front
of everyone. I felt really special.
    I dressed as fast as I could. Too fast really. Ted was making
sure everyone had a full glass and I had to wait peering through
the crack of the door becoming more nervous by the second.
    Finally he announced, "Here she is guys. The act of the
century. She has promised to please you."
    He started my music and I began moving gracefully rolling my
tummy and shaking my hips and breasts to make the little bells
ring and after a few turns took off the first veil. They didn't
seem to understand the beauty of belly-dancing. They acted as if
I was a stripper yelling. "Yeah baby. Take it off." and others
shouted "Show us some skin."
    They kept getting louder and more excited as veil after veil
came off with me just out of their reach until the veils were
gone. At that point I was trained to just dance in the skimpy bra
and panties until the song was over but they continued to yell
"Take it off." Then I heard Ted yell, "Make them happy baby."
    That showed he approved and I took off the top to make my
boobs bob and weave to the music but soon they were yelling "Take
it off again."
    I still don't know why I refused to take off the panties. It
would have been humiliating to show my totally bald slit but I
must have known refusal would cause punishment.
    I continued to dance with them on until the music ended.
Rather than the applause I expected there was a concerted groan
from the audience.
    Ted came to me to face them and said, "She didn't please you
and she knew she would be punished if she didn't. Sherry. Go get
your whip."
    I began whimpering but slowly walked to our bedroom to take
my whip off the hook on the wall so I could be constantly
reminded to be good. I stalled as long as I could but then walked
out hugging my whip to my breasts.to hear a cheer just as I
noticed Ted had bought something new. Two ropes with padded
leather cuffs were hanging menacing from a ceiling beam and two
other ropes led over to the opposite walls where boys were
screwing hooks into the walls.
    Ted took my whip and jammed it into my panties to let it hang
obscenely between my legs then held out my hands for two boys to
buckle the cuffs on my wrists while two other boys put them on my
ankles.
    Then they pulled up my arms until I was on tiptoes. I felt my
toes drag on the floor as my legs were pulled apart so far I felt
a strain at my inner thighs.
    He took out the whip to hand it to one of the guys then
unsnapped the little panties to pull them off. I felt utterly
stupid. If I had taken them off I would have avoided punishment
and also could have kept my legs together. Now I was spread so
wide I was sure they could see clear inside me.
    Ted leaned close to my ear and whispered, "You look
beautiful. I am so proud of you. Now say loudly, 'Punish me. I
deserve it."
    I was so mad at myself I stared at them defiantly and
yelled,"Punish me! I deserve it!"
    Ted said, "She cheated all of you so each of you can give her
five lashes. I will deliver the coup de grace."
    If any of the boys still sitting needed reassurance that
certainly provided it. They all jumped up to form a line behind
the boy with the whip.
    There must be something fantastically appealing about a naked
girl stretched that way. None of them could resist first fondling
my body before lashing me. Stimulation of my body seemed to go on
for hours. With pleasant caresses followed by stings then more
caresses to allow the stings to be replaced by excitement. The
first couple of boys just stung my butt and the back of my thighs
but then the third boy used his last lash to sting the front of
my thighs and my pubic mound. when I only made a tiny yelp
followed by moans as he caressed the red band across my groin
they seemed encouraged and from then on two or more of the lashes
would hit the front of my body. They continued to redden any
white area on my back and front until one of them experimentally
stung my breasts.He stopped for a second looking amazed since my
only reaction was to moan, "Ohhh." followed by deep breaths that
made my boobs heave. He finished with one more across my nipples
that brought a sharp, "Ah!" The next boy fondled my heaving
breasts then put all five of his lashes on the front of my body
from my groin to my nipples. Incredibly this only created intense
excitement. As it went on I began having orgasms calmed by
caresses only to return with the next series of lashes until
finally Ted was standing in front of me. He hit harder than any
of the other boys with two lashes to the outside of my breasts to
make them slap together then three up from the floor directly on
my wet gaping pussy. I had an orgasm that made me scream and my
whole body tremble with my tummy pulsating as they stared at my
red body covered with a sheen of perspiration until I calmed.
    Ted began removing my wrist cuffs as two other boys scrambled
to take off my ankle cuffs. I looped my arms around his neck and
rubbed my tingling body against him as he said, "The show is
over. Go home guys."
    He picked me up and carried me into the bedroom to rekindle
my orgasms by fucking me until I dropped into sleep.
    I woke up a few hours later to bright light and realized he
had not bothered to turn off the lights. I caressed my body under
the down comforter recalling my excitement of the ordeal. I
couldn't understand how the experience could have excited me so
much and got up to look at myself in the mirror. I was amazed to
see that all the redness had faded to a healthy pink glow. Now I
understood. Although it had seemed terrible at first it was
obvious no-one had hit me very hard even Ted's lashes had not
left a bruise and I rationalized that any girl would have become
excited to so much stimulation. That relieved my fear of being
perverted and I went back to bed to continue my sleep ignoring
the fact that most girls would have not agreed to dance naked and
would have been terrified by simply being stretched out for the
whipping.
    We both slept late but I woke up first to pull off the down
comforter to look at his nude body breathing deeply. I began
fondling his penis amused that it began waking up before he did.
    He woke smiling and I kissed and licked the head of his
engorged prick. He said, "God. You are insatiable." and pulled me
over to straddle him to sink his dick deeply inside me.
    I pumped furiously until I collapsed on him in orgasm as he
grunted with his release then slid my sweating body around on
his.
    He said, "I am sorry I put you through that ordeal but most
of the guys didn't believe you loved me enough to be my slave.
They know now and they are dying with jealousy."
    I confessed, "I must be crazy. The whole thing became
incredibly exciting to me. Could you tell that I was having
orgasms?"
    "No. It looked like a reaction to pain but I suspected it.
You aren't crazy. Any girl would become aroused by all that
stimulation but only you had the courage to allow it. I love you
so much!"
    I kissed him happy that he had bolstered my rationalization
and said, "They should be jealous. None of them could make a girl
love them the way I do you."
    We went to the last day of school. I was nervous about seeing
the boys that had been at the party but it was all positive. They
all greeted me enthusiastically and confirmed what Ted had said
by saying they were really jealous of him and would give anything
to have a girl like me.
    Unfortunately the boys had not kept their mouths shut and a
group of my girl-friends gathered around me in the bathroom. to
say I must have been totally drunk or crazy. I told them I had
promised Ted to please them with my dance and had agreed to be
punished if I didn't then said, "It didn't hurt much. See?" I
pulled up my skirt revealing my g-string panties to show there
were no marks. They seemed relieved and some of them gushed that
it must have been terribly exciting. That convinced me that they
would have also done it if they had my incentive and spent the
rest of the day feeling proud when someone said I was awesome.
    I noted the girls that seemed excited by it and told their
boyfriends that they should find an excuse to see if they would
agree to a spanking or even a whipping warning them not to hit
hard the first time.
    We went shopping for my wedding gown and I was relieved when
he chose one that had a low neckline but was not overly sexy.
    The wedding was magnificent. His parents spared no expense
and to my delight their present to me was a cute red sport car.
    The honeymoon was fantastic too. We went on a barefoot cruise
in the caribbean with everyone close to our age and many also on
honeymoon. To my surprise but delight everyone swam and sunbathed
nude. I loved the feel of the warm water and sun on my skin. Ted
made me proud by saying I had the best body of all the girls.
    We checked out the nightlife on all the islands since the
bars didn't seem interested in checking I.D.'s.
    One bar was advertising a wet T-shirt contest. I was glad
when one of the other girls suggested we enter because it was a
large bar and I was thrilled at the idea of performing in front
of all those people. There were twenty of us plus local girls so
the owner said there would only be one round so we should do our
best since we only had one chance. We drew numbers out of a hat
and I was disappointed to be last thinking the audience may be
jaded and bored by the time I got my chance.
    It turned out to be more than just wet t-shirts. The first
couple of girls just danced after their shirts and shorts were
soaked to show their veiled nipples but then the third took her
shirt off completely and then the fourth took off both her t-
shirt and shorts to show the shadowy outline of her pussy hair
under her white panties. After that they all removed shirt and
shorts and the announcer squirted on more water to make the
panties as transparent as possible.    
    Rather than becoming jaded the audience seemed increasingly
enthusiastic. At cries of "Take them off." the girls began to
pull their panties into the cracks of their butts. Then when even
that didn't satisfy the audience girls began pulling the fronts
of their panties down to flash their pussies. The girl before me
after pulling her panties into the crack of her ass pulled up the
front to make it sink into her pussy then jerked on her panties
in time with the music to make the lips squirm. 
    Finally it was my turn. I thought I may have a good chance of
winning since many of the girls moved clumsily. I got a nice slow
long song that let me move gracefully while I slid off my t-shirt
and then my shorts. As I danced in just my tiny panties they
began to chant, "Take it off." I remembered the bachelor party
and leaned over to touch my hands to the floor then let my legs
spread and slide out from under me until I was lying flat. I
rolled over and did a back bend with just my head and feet on the
floor and pulled the snaps at the sides to slide off the panties.
The applause was deafening. I remembered how sexy Jan looked and
began crawling around the edge of the stage dragging my nipples
with my legs open.
    I won! Two other girls of our party placed second and third.
    When I got back to the table with my hundred dollar prize and
a little silver loving cup one of the girls said, "You won by
cheating. You heard the man say we were supposed to keep our
panties on so he would not have trouble with the law." I
protested I had not heard that but one of the girls said, "Yes
you did you naughty girl. You were standing next to him." I
really hadn't since I was concentrating on how I should dance but
before I could protest further one of the other girls said, "You
should be spanked naughty girl." To my chagrin Ted said, "Yes she
should. She should be ashamed of showing off her pussy to those
horny men."
    The girls squealed excitedly yelling, "Yes!" and "Right on."
    One of the girls said, She should go through the gauntlet
like I had to in my sorority initiation." That brought more
cheers then another girl said excitedly, "I saw paddles at the
curio shop."  We all left to troop down there while I asked the
sorority girl, "What is the gauntlet?"
    She laughed and said, "You crawl between everyone's legs and
as you go through your butt is spanked. Your buns will be red for
days."
    I gulped at the thought of crawling between forty crotches
while my butt was stung.
    I was relieved to see the paddles were just light ones made
of quarter inch plywood with cute saying painted on them. There
was only twelve paddles and they bought them all saying the
people at the end of the line could bring them forward.
    They were all giggling and excited but I felt only dread.
Having my butt beaten with forty spanks could not possibly be
exciting as the whip had been. I had nothing to look forward to
but pain.
    I appealed to Ann, the girl who told me about the gauntlet.
"You aren't serious about this are you? Forty spanks even with
those little paddles will be terrible."
    "Oh don't be a wimp. I took hundreds of them during "Hell
week" You don't want to look like a coward do you?"
    I was glad Ted was up in front because I knew he would be
ashamed I was hoping for mercy.
    I said defiantly, "No. I am not a coward. You will see."
    "Good because you will get more than forty. No-one can crawl
fast enough to only get one."
    I said defiantly, "I may set a new track record."
    When we got to the boat they lined up with their legs apart
and I got on my hands and knees but then Ann said, "Wait. When I
crawled the gauntlet I was only wearing panties. She won't even
feel these little paddles on her jeans."
    I cringed when Ted said, "You are right. She should be naked.
After all that is the way she was to earn this."
    They all looked at me expectantly. I sobbed then got up and
took off my shirt and my cut-off jeans. They still stared so I
reluctantly slid off my panties even though they would provide no
protection and got back down on my knees. Even this wasn't
enough. Ann said, "She told me she was going to set a track
record to speed through to lessen the spanks. I have an idea that
will slow her down."
    She ran down to their cabin and when she returned it was
obvious she and her husband was into bondage. She was carrying a
set of handcuffs and a pipe with leather cuffs on the ends. 
    She put on the handcuffs with a very short chain between them
then buckled one cuff just above my knee then pulled my legs
apart to buckle on the other side. When she was done I was like a
tripod. The ones without paddles spread out to watch me crawl to
the first set of spread legs. It was very awkward. I had to
stretch forward to set my hands on the floor then swing my legs
forward one at a time causing my hanging breasts to sway.
    I finally made it to the first man and felt a sharp sting
then three more before I could get past him, I tried to move
faster but the next girl was still able to give me three and now
my whole butt was stinging. Then I didn't pace myself right. At
the next girl I had to stretch out my arms to move while my upper
body was between her legs. This made my pelvis tip forward to
make my pussy vulnerable and she took advantage of it to hit my
open pussy. It really stung bad and I paused in shock which
allowed her to hit each butt-cheek twice.
    It continued with my butt stinging more and more then getting
hot with an occasional sting on my snatch until about the
twentieth set of legs. When I laid flat with my head at his feet
and panted, "I have to rest." It was true. The effort of moving
forward as handicapped as I was and the pain had exhausted me.
    Ann said, "Yeah. She needs a break. Besides we don't want her
butt to get numb."
    I regretted having to stop as I realized she was right. My
buns were getting numb. The last spanks hadn't hurt nearly as
much as the first even though the loud "Slap!" of the paddle made
it plain that I was being hit hard.
    She brought me a drink that I drank thirstily even though it
was mostly whiskey. Then she began caressing my butt. I was sure
was glowing red. The numbness went away to be followed by a
pleasant tingling.
    I had another drink then she said, "Are you ready to
continue?"
    I moaned, "I guess so."
    Ted made me feel good by saying, "That's my brave girl."
    The drinks and the rest helped. I began crawling as fast as I
could only concerned with speed and uncaring when I had to
stretch out my arms while under someone to feel the sharp sting
on my pussy. By the end I was crying with my butt seeming to be
on fire. Two men picked me up then held me by my arms as they
dipped my butt in the cool water. The heat and stings went away
instantly and I was a little ashamed I had cried. They held me
that way for awhile to enjoy the water whirling around my
tingling clit exposed by my open legs.
    When they saw I was calm they lifted me out and took off my
cuffs. Ted carried me down to our bed and fucked me doggie style.
I was being spanked again but now by the front of his hips which
added to the excitement of his dick buried in me up to his balls.
    The next morning my butt was still a little red and I went up
on deck naked to remind them how brave I had been.
    Ann waved me over to hand me a Maitai. then caressed my butt-
cheeks. She said, "It doesn't hurt anymore does it?"
    "No, but it really hurt last night."
    "Yes I know. You are really amazing. Why didn't you just tell
us to fuck off. You could have you know."
    I said honestly, "It didn't occur to me. Everyone thought I
deserved to be punished and I guess I believed so too."
    "Then if you thought you deserved it you would allow it
again?"
    "Yes I suppose so."
    "It was kind of exciting wasn't it? I know the first time I
was spanked at the sorority I was excited by being naked and
helpless while feeling the stings."
    "I guess a little but it would be better not to have them all
fall on the same place and spankings seem childish. I would
rather be whipped all over."
    "I agree. My husband whips me. Does your husband whip you?"
    "Only when I have been bad."
    "Oh. Sometime you should volunteer to be whipped for no
reason. It is more exciting for both of you."
    That seemed a little perverted to me but then I remembered
volunteering to try out the whips and how excited I became even
though at the time I thought it was my duty.
    From then on I was very popular. They obviously enjoyed the
entertainment I had provided for them. One girl said gratefully,
"You made my husband so horny he fucked me three times. He has
never done that before. The bad news is now he wants to spank
me."
    "As long as he isn't mad at you let him. He won't hit hard
and you may find it exciting."
    That night we heard "Slaps!" and a bunch of us gathered
around their door hearing slaps and moans through the louvered
door. Then bed springs squeaking and more moans and little
squeals.
    The next morning she stopped me to say excitedly, "You were
right. I let him spank me and it was exciting. Especially for
him. He couldn't get enough of me. The poor thing is exhausted.
He is still sleeping."
    "I know. We all know. We were in the hall listening."
    She blushed but then said, "I don't care. It was worth it."
    On the way back to home port I was taking my turn fishing.
There was only four fishing rods since anymore could get the
lines entangled so we had to take turns. I was just holding it in
one hand while I sipped a drink with the other when a big fish
took the hook and jerked it out of my hand. Ted was standing
beside me and said, "Great. Now I have to buy the rod and reel.
That will cost you when we get home."
    I suddenly remembered an old movie I had seen where a man had
been tied to the mast and whipped. At the time I had averted my
eyes but now it seemed exciting to be whipped in front of a lot
of people.
    "I said with a tremor of excitement, "No. I have cheated
everyone. by losing the rod they may not get a turn to fish. You
should tie me to the mast and whip me to let them know I am sorry
and deserve to be punished."
    Ted seemed surprised then yelled, "Hey everybody. Sherry is
sorry she lost the rod and you may not get your turn. She says I
should whip her in front of you. Would that make up for the lost
rod?"
    There was a loud "Yes!" and he sent me to the cabin to get my
whip. When I returned there was a loud cheer as they saw me
hugging my whip. I went to Ted who had picked up a beach towel to
tie around my wrists and then to the mast above my head. I
decided I should work up to the greater pain on my front so I
faced the mast. Ted made sure they understood this was my idea
because he said loudly, "How many lashes do you deserve."
    I decided to test my limits and yelled, "Eighty. Two for
everyone."
    Ted yelled, "Keep track gang."
    I thought I had made a bad mistake when the first lash hit
the lower crease of my butt causing a terrific sting as They 
yelled "One" but then the next on my round butt-cheeks didn't
seem as bad. He kept hitting up my back and then back down as
they chorused the count then at forty he moved closer so the tips
came around my butt to sting my pussy. My excitement leaped and I
turned around to hear a loud cheer. Then one came across my pubic
mound to make me shudder in excitement. He continued slowly up my
stomach as the count became louder then there was a cheer as my
boobs flattened under the lash and my orgasms started.
    He gave them two more then started back down. At that point
something snapped in my mind and the pain was replaced by pare
exciting stimulation. I watched the crowd and was made more
excited by the effect I was having on them. They were yelling
constantly and everyone was being groped with several fucking
doggy style so they could see my ordeal.
    There was an even louder cheer as I felt the whip below my
belly-button and opened my legs to feel the stings on my tender
inner thighs and pussy. From then on he just hit my breasts and
pussy alternatively as my orgasms became explosive. When I heard
a loud, "Eighty"
    I moaned, "One more." and exploded in the ultimate orgasm
when the whip came up directly into my pussy stinging and sliding
against my clitoris.
    I just hung there heaving with deep breaths and pulsating. I
felt liquid running into my slit and looked down to see if I was
bleeding but it was just my sweat and tears that seemed to make
my red skin glow in the bright sunlight. I felt like some kind of
sex goddess. Everyone had lost all their inhibitions and were
fucking their brains out.
    To my surprise as we were leaving the ship the captain said,
"I videotaped your whipping. I'll send you a copy." That meant he
was keeping his copy and may share it with others but I didn't
care. I hoped the whole world would see how brave I had been.
    The tape arrived about a week after we got back. It was even
hard for me to believe that anyone could take all that without
screaming or begging for release. We would watch it about once a
week. We never tired of it and it was a fantastic aphrodisiac.
    The thursday after we got back Ted said that this was the
guys and his regular poker night. He said I would just be bored
and suggested I call a girlfriend and go to a movie.
    I said, "I know how to play poker. Let me stay and play too."
    "No. This is serious poker. We play at a ten dollar limit
with three raises and you don't have any money."
    "Yes I do. I still have the hundred dollars your Dad gave
me."
    "That may not go far if you don't know what you are doing. We
play to midnight so the losers can't beg to keep playing all
night. I think you will slow down the game. If you insist on
playing you will play to midnight but I am not going to finance
you. If you lose the hundred you will be playing for first your
clothes and then whiplashes at a dollar per lash."
    The thought of being whipped again by his friends only
excited me and I said, "That is fair. I am good at poker. When I
win I will get to buy you something."
    "Okay but remember I am agreeing under protest and we won't
be easy on you and you can't quit until midnight."
    I agreed sure that I would win to surprise him. I almost
always won at penny ante poker we played at family gatherings.
    When six of his friends arrived they groaned when he said I
was playing until he explained the risk I was taking. At that
they agreed with enthusiasm.
    We played "Texas Hold-em" It was a simple game. Everybody put
out a five dollar ante then we were dealt two cards face down
that were our "Hole" cards then three cards were dealt face-up
which were used by everybody. Then the player to the left of the
dealer would either bet or throw away their hole cards. It was
different than the penny-ante game where everyone stayed in until
the end.
    On the first hand I had two nines in the hole and the cards
dealt up were an Ace, King and nine. I had three nines!  a player
bet five dollars and when it came to me I called and raised ten.
They looked at me curiously and just called. The next card was a
ten and a different player raised. I raised again. The last card
was a nine. again five was bet  and I raised it by ten
disappointed no one else raised me. I turned over my cards to
drag in the pot giggling ignoring their moans as one said "Shit.
She caught a miracle card." He turned over his hole cards to show
two aces and another turned his card to show a straight. They
grumbled "Shit she was beat in two places until she caught that
one."
    I ignored them  thinking they were just poor losers. It
seemed like I could do nothing wrong. I continued to win.
    I am sure they were surprised and disappointed when I won at
first. I gloated over my stacks of chips totalling over three
hundred and began thinking about what I could buy for Ted.
    But then my luck went bad. I played a nine and deuce of
hearts to have a four card flush and on the last card another
heart came. One guy bet ten another raised and I re-raised only
to find they also had flushes bigger than mine.
    It continued with me calling to the end only to be
disappointed by not getting the card I needed or worse getting a
card that gave me the second best hand. My chips began to dwindle
with a few wins to encourage me but they seemed to know what I
had and when I hit my card they would fold leaving me with a
small pot.
    Then I was dealt an Ace and six of spades and when the cards
were put up I had an Ace high flush. This time I didn't raise to
keep them in the game and was happy that another guy did.
    On the next card there was a pair on the board which should
have worried me but  I raised again to be called. On the last
card I pushed out my last twenty dollars and triumphantly turned
over my Ace high flush only to see two full houses.
    Ted put a stack of red chips in front of me saying they were
worth ten dollars saying at the end I could buy back my red chips
if I won. I began playing more conservatively now that the risk
was higher, My stack represented a hundred lashes. Now my luck
went the other way. I would throw away my hand only to groan when
the last card would have given me the best hand. Even when I had
the best I feared the worse and only called to win a small pot. 
    I eventually lost my stack and was given another. I lost it
too but then I thought they would never actually give me two
hundred lashes and began gambling again. I began to win again! I
won two hands in a row but then Ted looked at his watch and said,
"Last hand." I got three aces which could not be beat and bet
heavily to pull in a nice pot and begged them to play a little
longer but Ted said, "You knew the rules."
    I bought back my red chips from the three big winners then
they all cashed in and began to count my red chips. The big
winners agreed to sell some of my chips to guys that didn't have
any saying, "Hell my arm will be sore if I give her all these
myself."
    They separated my chips in stacks of ten and I was horrified
to see I had lost two hundred and twenty. The worse part was that
I had forced myself in the game. If I hadn't been so anxious to
win I could have enjoyed myself at a movie. I definitely deserved
anything that happened to me resolving not to be stupid enough to
ever play again.
    As agreed the biggest winner gave me a chip and I got up to
take off my clothes to stand there nervously.
    One of the winners asked, "How should we tie her?"
    Ted said, "That's up to you. Ten bucks to tie her in any
position, or to hold the pose of your choice for each set of
ten."
    That seemed to give me a break I would only get half the
lashes.
    One of the guys said, "Great. I know how I want her to switch
her butt. I am going to pick out a switch. Two others followed
him out the door.
    That scared me and I whined, "I thought you would just use
the thong whip." Ted said, "The whip or paddle is their choice.
I'll go easy on you with mine."
    That was not much consolation he only had about twenty red
chips.
    The boys came in and Dick said, "Let's start by redding up
that cute round ass." I was relieved because that was least
sensitive and I hoped it may bring on some excitement.
    He dropped two red chips on the table and went to get ropes
and the pipe Ted had made after seeing the one on the boat.
    I found just being tied would be an ordeal. They had me bend
over until my shoulders were touching my legs. Thankfully I was
very flexible from cheerleading and my dance lessons.
    They tied my biceps to my legs and ran a rope around my back
and through my legs until was so far under I could see my pussy
pooching out from between my legs through my cleavage. Then Dick
said, "Lets fix it so she can see what's happening. He left for a
moment then came back with some big paper clamps with strings
attached. He snapped them on my nipples then used them to pull my
breasts to the side to open my cleavage. Finally they spread my
legs to buckle on the pipe. I was very unstable and Dick said I
would have to be held so I wouldn't fall over.
    If they had done nothing else it would have been torture
enough. My legs were already starting to ache and the pinch and
pull on my nipples stretched as far as they would go caused a
deep ache.
    I saw legs to my right and then a searing sting fell across
my butt cheeks to make me yelp. He kept hitting them moving down
slowly until there was a really nasty one just above my pussy. I
realized in horror that the next if he continued down would cross
the lips of my pushed out pussy.
    I screamed when I saw the switch dig into my pussy lips to
make them jump as agonizing pain seemed to crawl inside me. He
put his last one in the same place to bring another scream.
    They held me in position while one of them caressed my
stinging pussy commenting on the red stripes that had been
caused.
    My sobs subsided then another boy said, "That position is
fine for me." I groaned realizing that I would not get half the
lashes since I would only be paid for new positions.
    He hit alternate inner thighs at a rapid pace to set all of
them on fire then finished with an uppercut to each pussy lip.
    I began to cry hysterically and they began untying me then
let me lie on the floor shuddering with sobs.I realized this
whole session would be nothing but torture since the terrible
pain followed by delays would never let me work up excitement.
    Someone gave me a drink and I gulped it down. It seemed to
help, then Ted said, "Let me show you how brave she is."
I was glad he was taking his turn since he had said he would go
easy.
    He had me get on my knees then told me to lift the underside
of my breasts with my palms. Then he left to come back with my
skinny whip. "I moaned, "Please. No." but he ignored me and
brought down the whip. I saw it bury itself in my breasts as deep
pain coursed through my body. I released them to caress the nasty
red welt until he said, "I am ready." I sobbed and moved my hands
back under them this time leaving them there as lash after lash
made them burn and throb. I found I was gripping them tightly
until they were so hard the whip bounced off rather than sinking
in. He said, "Let go." I thought he was done but he hit across
both nipples to make them disappear only to pop back out hardened
by the stimulation.
    They applauded my performance then let me recover while they
huddled to discuss other things to do to me. The break and a
drink let me calm down but fear remained since I knew the rest
would not be any easier. As I laid there caressing my stinging
pussy and boobs I knew they would be stinging even more and
considered running to our bedroom to lock myself in but I was
afraid that would cause our marriage to be called off and the
pain I had already suffered would be for nothing. Then I became
angry at myself since this was all my fault and made up my mind
that I deserved the worse they could do to me.
    They seemed to like the idea of my showing my courage by
being untied. Another boy dropped in two chips then told me to
lie on my back and push up my pussy. He kept saying higher until
my head was way below my pussy then brought the switch down hard
on my left pussy lip.I screamed and dropped back to the floor
caressing the sting until he said push it up again. I worked up
my courage and did it again only to feel the terrible sting to my
right pussy lip. I collapsed again only to have to raise up
again. That time I managed to stay up for the fourth. But the
fifth that went into my slit to cause terrible pain to my clit
was too much. I collapsed holding my pussy and moaned. I can't do
it anymore. He said, "Too bad. That means I will have to tie you
upside down and start over."
    The thought of that pain being wasted was too much. I cried,
"No. I'll do it but please hit faster and get it over with."
    I lifted up again and managed to hold myself up as my pussy
exploded in pain from five quick lashes with the last on my clit.
    I collapsed sobbing and again they gave me a drink and let me
recover. I said, "I can't do this anymore. Please tie me."
    "One of them said in awe, "Jesus I thought she would beg us
to quit but she only wants to be tied." I felt good when another
said, "She really has guts" and the others agreed.
    Then Sam said to Ted, "I liked the way she made her tits hard
by gripping her tits for you. I know how to make them really
hard."
    He left coming back with some twine. He made a slipknot and
slipped them over my breasts and tightened the loop then began
wrapping them tightly around the base of my breasts moving
forward until they felt and looked like cantaloupes. He said he
wanted to have me be very still so he could make nice even
stripes so they tied me to the beam support in the middle of the
room wrapping rope around my tummy and arms so tightly I could
barely breathe. My tits began to throb from the pressure and
turned maroon colored. He put ten stripes on my boobs to cover
all of them from the top to the base with a final one across my
nipples.
    I bawled constantly as they released me to allow me to take
deep breaths and again I was given a drink. Normally after
drinking that many strong drinks I would have been drunk but they
just seemed to help calm me although the stinging of my boobs and
pussy remained.
    Then one of the guys said, "Jesus. She has me horny. I would
give a chip for a blow-job."
    The humiliation would be nothing compared to the pain. I
looked at ted and said, "Would that be alright?"
    "He said, "That is up to you."
    I quickly agreed and blew all of them saving myself sixty
lashes although it was terribly humiliating to crawl to them and
get on my knees to beg them to let me suck them for a chip while
they stood around making comments and suggestions to stop sucking
to lick their balls to hold off ejaculation as long as
possible.Even worse some of them jerked their dicks out of my
mouth to shoot cum over my face laughing as I frantically wiped
it off. I felt like the lowest whore but even that was better
than more pain.
    At the last one Ted said, "There only six chips left."
    My pain had finally turned to just throbs. Having the pain
start again terrified me. I cupped my poor maroon pussy swollen
so much my slit was just a tight line and cried "Please don't hit
me anymore with those nasty switches."
    I was grateful to the boy that said, "Maybe we should give
her a break. Her tits and pussy are maroon and swollen and there
is even a little blood."
    Ted said, "She still owes sixty. She won't mind if we use the
thong whip. Will you Sherry?"
    The thong whip would be easy after the switches and I might
even become excited enough to ignore the pain.
    I said gratefully, "Oh yes. Especially if you will give them
all continuously."
    The boy still had doubts so Ted said to me, "Prove to them
you won't mind. Tie yourself."
    I walked to the cuffs hanging ominously from the ceiling but
then I thought I would definitely prove my courage and walked to
the wall where Ted had bolted on padded manacles that snapped
shut when your wrists or ankles were pushed into them.
    I turned to face them defiantly panting with excitement and
spread my legs widely to push them into the manacles gasping at
the loud "Click" when they snapped shut. Then I stretched to push
in my wrists.
    I stared at them enjoying the awed looks on their faces and a
comment, "Jesus. She is willing to take all of them on her
front."
    The boy who had been reluctant said, "I don't want to give
her all of these." and shared his chips with the others.
    Ted said, "She wants them continuously so be ready for your
turn. Let her brace herself with a three count between lashes."
    I loved that. If there was any chance I might convert the
pain to excitement that would provide the chance.
    James came over to me and looked at me expectantly. I
realized he was waiting for some sort of signal and said softly,
"Please whip me."
    My fondest hopes were realized. He hit me only hard enough to
cause a bearable sting on my less sensitive tummy and thighs that
I was able to bear with only small gasps at the stings.
    The next one followed his example and excitement continued to
build. My lack of screams or protests encouraged the next to hit
harder and finish with one to my breasts and one to my pussy but
by then I was so excited the greater pain just brought me close
to orgasm. The next one stared at my pulsating, panting body just
on the dge of orgasm then hit my breasts then down my tummy to
finish with an uppercut to my pussy that hrew me into orgasm. The
others continued that way until I was straining to push out my
pussy for the pain. I reached a monster orgasm at the end that
pushed me into unconsciousness.
    I woke up the next morning alone in our bed. I got up to look
in the mirror and saw that my body was crisscrossed with skinny
purple welts from the switches. My breasts and pussy was almost
solidly black and blue but the swelling had gone down.I felt
proud considering them proof of my courage then went out to find
Ted.
    Curiously he was sleeping on the couch. I took off his
blanket then pushed down his shorts to kiss his soft dick then
began kissing a trail up his stomach. When I nibbled at his neck
he woke up and I snuggled against him and started to kiss his
lips but he said harshly, "Don't kiss my mouth. I know where your
mouth has been."
    I was deeply hurt realizing he was talking about the blow-
jobs I had given and whimpered, "You said it was alright to suck
them."
    "No I didn't. I said it was up to you. I hoped you would
prefer the whip to the humiliation of sucking those sweaty dicks
but you were just a ten dollar whore."
    That wasn't fair. It wasn't ten dollars it was ten bad lashes
and I had been at the end of my endurance but I still felt
ashamed. I remembered that as I was begging them to let me suck
them I was thinking I should have the courage to accept the
punishment I deserved. I hung my head and mumbled, "I am sorry.
How can I make it up to you?"
    "Not by whipping obviously. That just gives you orgasms."
    "Not with the switches! That was pure torture. It only became
exciting when they used the thong whip."
    "I am not sure of that. Your pussy was so wet it splattered
juice when it was hit."
    That didn't seem possible but then I remembered taking off my
clothes while hearing nice comments about my body and
anticipation of feeling my thong whip had me very excited.
    I told him that but he said he didn't want to discuss it any
further. He didn't talk to me all morning although I tried to
demonstrate my submissiveness by following him around on my hands
and knees to kneel when he stopped with my hands behind my back
to look at him imploringly.
    I gave up at lunch when he preferred making a sandwich rather
than letting me cook him something. I decided I would go outside
to stop reminding him of my failure. I planned to put on some
shorts and a halter but the waistband rubbed against some welts.
I was browsing for something else when he came in to say he was
going to look at some property and that I should stay home and
think about what I had done.
    I still wanted to go outside since seeing cuffs and manacles
just reminded me of the whipping and the fact that not being hurt
had actually made me enjoy sucking them.
    All my clothes fit tightly because that is the way he liked
them so I gave up and just slipped on some tennis shoes and went
out naked.
    It was a nice day and I enjoyed the sun and warm breezes
caressing my body while I explored. It was fun. I saw some
squirrels and chipmunks and found a lovely place for a picnic. 
    I found an old shack that must have been there before the
house was built. I looked through the abandoned junk on the bench
and near the walls and found a length of barbed wire fence.
curiously I stretched it between my hands and pressed it into my
breasts. They were soft enough to let the barbs sink in without
puncturing the skin but as I saw my skin fold around it I
realized this could be my salvation. If I asked him to whip me
with this he would know that the pain would be too great to ever
bring excitement and it might leave scars to remind me not to
ever have sex with anyone but him.
    I still had hours to kill so I looked around some more and
found a file with a wood handle. I used the old vise to pound out
the file then I slid the wire into it. It was perfect, A barb
kept it from slipping further into the handle and the two wires
at the end bent over to keep it from falling out.
    The wire was about three feet long. As an experiment I hit it
as hard as I could against the wood wall. It frightened me! The
barbs dug out little chunks of wood. I threw it on the bench and
left. I couldn't get it out of my mind though and began to
rationalize that the test had meant nothing since my skin would
give while the wood hadn't. I couldn't think of anything that
would provide that degree of atonement so I went back and got it
to take to the house. It was all rusty so I spent the rest of the
afternoon shining it with a pad used to clean pots and pans.
    Somehow it seemed fitting for me to prepare an instrument to
torture me. I pictured myself hung with blood dripping off my
body and for some reason the thought provided satisfaction rather
than fear.
    I heard the front door open and rushed out of the kitchen to
drop on my hands and knees to crawl over to him to hug his legs
as I babbled, "I found it! I found something that will make you
forgive me and to let me forgive myself. Come to the kitchen."
    I got up and ran to it impatiently waiting for him to catch
up. When he walked through the door I handed him the wire and
babbled, "Look at it! You know that will hurt way too much to
excite me. It may even leave scars to remind me never to have sex
with anyone but you."
    He seemed incredulous, "I can't even imagine how bad this
will hurt and I don't think I want you to be scarred. I had
decided I may be satisfied by long term pain from having paper
clamps on your nipples and pussy for the rest of the night."
    I must have been crazy. He was giving me a way out but I
shook my head and said, "That won't hurt enough to let me forgive
myself. It might not scar. See?"
    I took it from him and grabbed the handle and wire to press
it into my breasts at the nipples until it had nearly gone out of
sight then removed it to reveal red bumps where the barbs had dug
in but no blood.
    He took it from me and said, "Pressing is not the same as
hitting. I don't want your breasts and pussy damaged but it may
be used on your butt. How many do you think you deserve?"
    God that made me happy. Although I felt I deserved to be
beaten bloody until I lost consciousness just making this offer
had satisfied him enough to let me set the amount.
    "How about six. No twelve two for every dick I sucked."
    "That will cover your entire ass."
    "Good. I hope I won't be able to sit without pain for a week
just to remind me to be good but I won't be able to see the scars
on my butt and I want to be reminded of my cowardice everyday
when I look in the mirror. I think I want two of them across my
breasts just below and above the nipples and two to my pussy
diagonally to make an "X". I am afraid I won't be able to stay
still. You will have to tie me."
    I knew I was forgiven already by his pleasure in tying me. He
hung me from the ceiling with my legs apart but left enough slack
for me to push my butt back for the ones to it and forward for
the ones to my pussy.
    He experimentally slapped my ass with his hand saying, "This
is going to make your buns sore for quite awhile."
    "Good. That will remind me whenever I sit down."
    He left me there trembling in fear as I realized I would have
to take my punishment bravely. If I screamed too much he may quit
and neither of us would be satisfied that I had truly paid my
debt. He returned with a pan with a towel soaking in it."
    "He said, "This is salt water. If the skin is broken this
will keep it from being infected."
    He held the wire against my butt to take aim then I made an
agonized squeal as indescribable pain crossed my ass cheeks. The
next was so bad it took my breath away so I could only gasp and
moan as stripes crawled down my ass that was stinging, burning
and throbbing.
    He moved to my right side to do my front. My courage had
nearly reached the limit so I clenched my teeth to avoid
screaming.
    There was indescribable pain acroos both boobs. Thankfully he
quickly made the next stripe right away to get it over with.
    He brought the wire down from the top of my hip bone to the
bttom of my slit.there was terrible pain with a tearing sensation
as the barbs ripped out pieces of flesh. 
    He moved to my other side but just stood there until I
realized I had pushed my butt back and tried to get my thighs
together. It took all my courage to push my pussy forward. He
grinned and made the second stripe as bad as the first.
    When he stopped I felt liquid running down my thighs and knew
it had to be blood.
    He slapped the saltwater towel on my ass to bring on an
agonized scream. It felt like he had poured gas on my ass and set
it on fire. Then my boobs and pussy caught fire. I stood there
sobbing so hard my body was pulsating while he untied me. I fell
to my side sobbing as he dabbed at my butt with the fire until he
said, "Okay. The blood is stopped."
    I forced myself up to go to our bedroom to inspect my butt in
our three-way mirror. I guess I expected to see hamburger. I was
almost disappointed to see eight dark red lines already turning
purple and gobs of tiny scabs where the barbs had dug in. My
boobs had two purple lines with red scabs but the X on my pussy
was stillooozing blood since the wire must have jerked to make
larger holes. Perversely even this did not seem enough. My only
consolation was that it had been too bad to let me become
excited.
    I went back to him and kneel to say, "Am I forgiven?"
    "Yes but I want you to hang this whip on the wall to remind
you not to do it again."
    I ran over to the wall to hang it up and then paused to look
at it proud I had demanded it even though the result had not been
as bad as I feared.
    I went back to him and felt wonderful when he kissed me
sticking his tongue in my mouth. Then he led me into the bedroom
and laid on his back to have me straddle his face to lick me into
orgasm. I was so grateful I moved back to let his penis sink into
me and pumped uncaring of the pain when my sore ass hit his legs.
    The next morning the stripes had run together to make my
whole ass purple and very sensitive. I couldn't stand to sit on
it at all even to go to the toilet for two days but it was worth
it to be so completely forgiven.
    I had slept in awakened when I turned over on my back. Even
the soft bed hurt my butt.
    I got up and walked into the dining room to see him sipping
coffee and reading a magazine. I looked over his shoulder to see
it was full of pictures of naked women tied in various
uncomfortable poses. I giggled and said, "Now I know where you
get your ideas."
    "Actually I just bought this yesterday but there is something
interesting in it."
    He flipped through the pages until he found a woman in
different poses against what looked like a fish net only bigger
rope. Along with the fish net ropes came off of it in the middle
and ends. The series showed how the woman could be held
vertically upright, head down, head down with her butt up and
supported by the net with legs open or in severe backbends with
the ropes in the middle supporting her lower back while the other
ropes were pulled down to the floor.
    "Don't you think that is wild. You could be moved from one
position to the other without being untied."
    "Yes there would only be a short delay going from one to
another position. Look. There are ropes going around her upper
arms, below her breasts and around her open thighs so she can't
move at all. It must be exciting to be so naked and helpless."
    "I am glad you like it but the bastards don't say where it
can be purchased."
    I took a closer look and said, "It doesn't look too
complicated. A good book on macrame should show how to do it."
    "Great. Here's a hundred dollars buy the book and material. I
have to go to Seattle to look at some property. I'll be back
tonight."
    I only had to buy a lot of rope and a book that included
nets. I found the book first then noticed a book on how to play
"Texas Holdem". Then I went to the hardware store and perversely
bought quarter inch hemp rope that had a lot of stickery strands
in it. I thought it would feel like lying on a million needles.
The clerk said, "Are you sure you want this. You will have to
wear gloves until it is broken in to keep from sticking your
hands. We have some nice polypropalene rope that is smooth and
won't rot in the weather."
    That convinced me, I said "This will be fine but I will get
some thin leather gloves since I will be braiding it for a
macrame project. Oh yes. I'll need a dozen hooks to screw into
wood."
    I hurried home and measured myself from my neck to my ankles
and to my sides to my up and outstretched wrists. I laid out the
rope on the dining room table and began knotting at the corner of
each square. It was easy. I was done in a couple of hours then I
used his power drill to drill holes in the wood ceiling to screw
in the hooks. then I laid out the net under them and climbed on a
little ladder to loop rope over the hooks. Finally I pulled them
up evenly so it looked like a hammock with a rope at each corner
and two fairly close together on each side of the center. I
checked it against the magazine and it was the same. I decided to
try it out and climbed into it and stretched out my hands and
ankles to the corner ropes. It was wild! I felt like hundreds of
flexible needles were poking my skin. I began rolling from side
to side until I became so excited I reached behind me and began
pushing the rope into my pussy as I dragged my nipples over the
stickers until I had a great orgasm.
    Then I took it down and took it out to the lawn to wet it
down so the knots would tighten as it dried.
    He was not due home for hours so I began reading the book on
"Holdem."  As soon as I started reading it I realized why I had
lost. It said never to call a bet unless the card you were
looking for would most likely win as staying in and hitting the
card that gave you the smallest straight or flush was very
expensive. Boy I knew that. I had fallen into that trap several
times. It also said it was very important to study the other
players to look for "Tells." This was little mannerisms that
indicated if they still needed a card and were calling hoping for
the best, and also when they knew they had the best hand or were
bluffing. I had just concentrated on my hand praying my card
would come. I had not watched them at all." There were several
other tips I laughed at the one that said you should never play
with "Scared Money" this was money you couldn't afford to lose
and may make you take desperate stupid chances to win. I had been
playing with scared money all night.
    I read the book twice and highlighted warnings and especially
good advice.
    Just before dark Ted opened the door and said, "Is that the
bondage device out on the lawn."
    I ran over to kiss him rubbing my nipples on his rough wool
coat and said, "Yes. According to the instructions I soaked it in
water so when it dried the knots would shrink and tighten. It
will be ready tomorrow."
    "Damn. I was hoping we could try it out."
    "What for silly. I haven't done anything to be punished."
    He laughed and I joined him since we both knew by now that
whipping was not punishment to me anymore.
    Then I said, "It will be better when my butt isn't so sore.
Go out and feel it."
    He went out and came back to say, "It is full of stickers.
Couldn't you find smoother rope."
    "I wanted it that way. If I am on it will be to be punished.
This way I will get pain on both sides."
    He hugged me saying, "God I am so lucky to have you!"
    That made me feel great. It seemed my willingness to accept
pain was making me irreplaceable. That was good since I had
signed a pre-nuptial agreement stating that if he divorced me I
would get $40,000 but If I divorced him I would only get Ten
thousand. I knew by then that $40,000.00 was not a great deal to
him. He kept more than that in his checking account. I also knew
that the sports car he had bought me was not really mine. It was
registered under his company's name for tax reasons. If I
divorced him I would only have ten thousand and my clothes. My
married friends had told me they could barely exist on twenty
thousand per year which meant I could only finance a year.
    If that wasn't enough incentive to stay with them there was
my parents. My Dad was making more money in the joint ventures
with Ted's dad than he had ever seen before and Mom had already
become used to her better lifestyle.
I knew they would not be sympathetic. Once Mom had asked me how
Ted and I were getting along and I admitted he had switched me
for not being obedient.I guess I expected her to feel sorry for
me but she said, "Good for him. You are still young and need to
be kept in line. Your Dad spanked me too when we were first
married to make it plain who was boss."
    No further mention was made of the net I had made to make me
think he may want to demonstrate it on the next poker session.
    On Thursday to my surprise he said, "I don't think you should
play. The guys were meaner than I expected and may get worse. I
don't want you to be hurt bad."
    I hugged him gratefully, happy that he had not enjoyed my
suffering the last time.
    That didn't mean I would not have some humiliation. He
thought it would be fun for me to be their topless barmaid and
made me a costume. It wasn't much. He just glued a piece of cloth
to string that was tied around my waist then trimmed it until it
was only a little wider than my slit.
    They loved the costume and couldn't resist groping me. When
the first one squeezed my butt I looked worriedly at Ted but he
just grinned and said, "It's okay."
    I was kind of glad since I enjoyed the attention but I moved
away soon to make Ted believe I was not enjoying it. 
    I watched them play attentively. I began to see what the book
was talking about. Some of the players only played if they had an
Ace in the hole with another card of the same suit, Others only
played cards that were paired or would let them make high
straights or flushes. A couple had been like me playing any two
cards hoping for the best when the three cards came down.
    Sam wanted more and said, "Isn't Sherry going to play? She
has kept my dick hard. I could use a blow-job."
    It made me mad to automatically assume I would lose and be
willing to trade lashes for blow-jobs. I enjoyed his
disappointment when Ted said, "You assholes are too mean. I don't
want her to play."
    ctually the pain thery caused was nothing next to the pain
I had caused myself by coming up with the barbed wire whip. I was
disappointed that no-one asked about the little jagged scars on
my butt and breasts from the barbs so I could tell them I had
been so ashamed about blowing them I had insisted Ted whip me
with barbed wire just to enjoy their amazement at my courage.
    They began to bargain first offering not to tie me so I could
hide my tender areas and finally to choose my position and only
use the thong whip. That removed all my fear of being badly hurt.
    I said, "Ted, please let me play. I read a book on "Holdem" I
think I can win now."
    Ted frowned and said, "I thought we agreed you wouldn't play.
What changed your mind?"
    I assumed he was thinking that I would only be excited by the
thong whip which was true but I honestly wanted to win.
    "I think I can win. I have been watching and I know now I
shouldn't play every hand."
    He still looked doubtful so I said, "If I lose you can use
your new toy."
    Someone asked, "What is the new toy?"
    Ted got up to show them the magazine then got the net so they
could feel the rope of stickers.
    Sam said excitedly, "Jesus Ted. Please let her play."
    Ted said to me, "If you lose you will get all the lashes on
this tied the way we want and your red chips will be spread out
equally so every one can have a turn. If it comes out unequally
we will add lashes to make it equal."
    He was giving me a break. That meant I didn't have to worry
that the meanest ones may win the most. I gulped and said
determinedly, "I will win."
    Ted said, "Okay. You are starting with red chips."
    The guys cheered and high fived making me even more
determined to win to remove the smirks from their faces.
    Ted and I really did well. I only played good cards.I knew he
was the best player and dropped out when he raised gratified to
see the card I would have needed did not fall. I knew now when a
player was bluffing and called or raised to win big pots. By nine
o'clock  Ted and I had huge piles of chips while the others
grumbled. Then Sam said, I'm busted. Sherry, you have won
big.Loan me a hundred."
    He had caused me the most pain.I grinned at him and said,
"Sure. I'll loan you my red chips. I would love to see you on
that net."
    He said, "No way."
    I called him a wimp hoping the others may shame him into it
but evidentally I was the only one interested in seeing him
whipped because Dick loaned him a hundred. It still made me proud
to know I was more courageous than this big football player.
    That hundred changed his luck and mine. On the next hand I
had an ace high flush which I bet to the max only to have the
board pair at the end to give him a full house.
    He yelled, "Hey I am on a rush!"
    It continued that way with me getting great hands only to be
beaten by the last "Miracle" card. Once I could hardly believe
him. I had two aces in the hole and when the cards came down 
there was an ace and two deuces to make me an unbeatable hand. To
my delight he raised my bet. I re-raised and a jack came down not
changing anything and I bet again to be raised. The last card was
a deuce but I was sure he would not be there with a deuce in the
hole so I bet only to be raised. I thought he must have a Jack
high full house and raised again to have him call and jump up to
yell and high-five Dick as he turned over a jack and deuce to
make four deuces.
    I was pissed and said, "You are an idiot. I had you beat all
the way!" but he just laughed and said, "Hell I can't lose."
    He did stop raising me though and I learned not to re-raise
on the last card.but then when he hit the last card he would say,
"It was such a cheap draw I had to call."
    Finally I won just as I was very close to playing red chips
and I thought his "Rush" was over.
    It was and he began losing again but then Dick became lucky.
I had an Ace and king of hearts in the hole on the "Flop" a black
king and a jack and ten of hearts fell. If a queen of hearts came
I would have an unbeatable royal flush. Dick opened and I raised
to have two other players call and Dick looked at me thoughtfully
and just called.the next card was a black ten. Now I had two pair
with a chance at a full house or the best flush. on the last card
a three of hearts came down. Dick bet Sam raised and I guessed
correctly that he had hit a flush lower than mine. I re-raised
now using red chips only to groan as Dick turned over a pair of
jacks to show a full house.
    From then on they became leery of me and only called or
dropped out when I had winning hands to give me small pots or to
let themselves draw cheaply to beat me on the last card.
    At midnight I had lost eleven chips for a hundred and ten
lashes They added two lashes so they could all have sixteen.
    I said to Ted. "I don't know what went wrong. I played good.
I shouldn't have lost."
    "You bought the wrong book. It should have told you to back
off when someone is on a rush."
    "But my hand was always the best when I bet it."
    "Unless your hand is unbeatable on the flop. You can never be
sure you have a winner until the last card comes. Even then you
can be fooled by idiots hanging in there with low pairs. Didn't
you notice I was in very few hands?"
    I had but just assumed he had bad cards.
    Ted said, "This will be bad. The guys know they can hit hard
with the thong whip without cutting you. I hope you learn not to
set yourself up for whipping again."
    I shuddered realizing even the thong whip would be terrible
on my breasts and pussy and knew they would be favorite targets.
He just reminded me I had begged to play to get this. I said, "I
have already learned. From now on I will be whipped only when you
want me to be."
    While we talked the other guys rushed over to lay the net out
on the floor and put the ropes over the hooks.
    Then Dick and Sam led me over to the net where Sam grabbed my
loincloth and ripped it off driving the string into my butt.
    I gingerly laid on my back feeling the little stickers
digging in my butt and back then they stretched out my arms and
legs to tie them to the corner ropes.
    They pulled up the ropes at my wrist to stand me up as my
body moved against the net to drive stickers into new areas. Then
they tortured me by pressing the ropes into my back and butt as
they decided if that was to be a good starting position as they
studied the magazine. The anticipation was killing me.
    They decided it was at least for the first sixteen and two
boys unhooked the ropes near the center of the net while two
other boys pulled the net and me tight to tie my ankles to the
floor.
 the boys at my sides held on to the middle ropes to keep the net
tight against my ass. Then there was a sharp sting across my
stomach below my belly-button followed immediately with gobs of
pin sticks as the boys jerked the ropes to pull the net into my
ass. From then on the boys at the sides would jerk on the ropes
in time to make my body lurch forward to meet the whip. Amazingly
the double pain just brought on fantastic excitement. I was in
orgasm by the time he finished and was glad for the break as Ted
held a glass of whiskey for me to sip because I was sure that if
they had continued my orgasms would have become so strong I would
have passed out and I didn't want to miss anything.
    Then Sam said, "I want you to see the toy I made."
    He left and then came back to show us how he had drilled
holes into a thick piece of leather to lace over the strings of
his oversize tennis racquet.
    That scared me bit I resigned myself to it and was waiting
for them to turn me around when I felt a terrible sting with
needles on my ass. I lurched forward with a squeal. 
    Ted said, ""That gives me an idea."
    He stepped in front of me and dropped his pants to shove his
dick into my pussy. I was a little ashamed it was wet enough to
let his big dick slide in easily.
    Then Ted said, "Go."
    The terrific "Slap! on my ass drove me into Ted to make
another slap as our bodies collided and his dick went in so deep
I was sure it had forced itself into my cervix. Towards the end
we were both yelling, "Faster!"  and when the stings stopped I
continued to dig in my toes to lurch forward until Ted's soft
dick slid out of me.
    Then Dick suggested they let me loose for a break and to
check out the effect on my body. They helped me over to the couch
for me to lie on my belly sipping a drink while they caressed my
ass seemingly awed as they agreed it was the wildest thing they
had ever seen. I was dying of curiosity so when I had calmed down
I got up to go to our bedroom to look in the mirror. My butt was
really stinging and when I saw it I understood. My butt and upper
thighs were covered with red squares with even redder edges where
the rope had dug in. It wasn't bleeding but the edges looked like
whisker burns and I knew they would be visible for days.
    When I returned Ted said, "Face the net. We decided to put
squares on your front."
    I whined, "Oh no! That paddle will ruin my boobs and it will
knock the wind out of me."
    Sam said, "No. Just the thong whip like we promised. I
appreciate the exception to try out my paddle."
    I felt stupid. I had forgotten the agreement. I could have
said "No" to the paddle and probably would have if I had
remembered.
    I faced the net and was tied to it again with the boys
holding it tight against my stomach and boobs to torture me by
sliding it slightly back and forth to bring new stickers into
play.
    Then Ted said, "It is a shame to waste that great ass. Let's
cut cards to see who gets to butt-fuck her while she is being
whipped.
    I didn't want that! Four of the boys had dicks as big as
Ted's and his had made my ass bleed which left scabs that were
really irritating.
    I yelled, "No. Just whip me."
    Ted said, "How about trading her an ass-fucking for a turn.
Since Sam and Bob have already whipped her they will be out of
the competition. High card gets to butt-fuck her and loses his
turn. Four boys agreed but only if Ted dropped out too since he
had already fucked me.
    Ted said, "Is that alright with you, Sherry?"
    "No. You will think I am a coward."
    "No. I want this so you will know I own you and can give you
away if I want to."
    With Sam and Ted out my odds on getting a small dick was
better and now he couldn't say I was a whore.
    I said, "Alright. If that is what you want."
    Dick won and I was happy. He had a long skinny dick that
wouldn't tear me up. He was even nice enough to smear vaseline on
it before he put it in.
    John began whipping me concentrating on my crotch but it
wasn't bad since the rope squares kept most of the thongs from
going into my slit. John must have decided he wasn't hurting me
because he moved to my breasts to hit my nipples poking through
the squares. It really hurt and I squirmed and fought the ropes
which only scratched me and made Dick say, "Keep that up! She is
moving like crazy." He made up for that cruelty by bringing his
hands around me to sink his fingers into my pussy and kept them
there even though the whip hit his hands a few times. Someone
yelled "Sixteen!" but my orgasms were just starting and Dick was
still hard, I screamed, "No! Don't stop."
    Tom grabbed the whip and continued hitting me as I squirmed
against the stickers until I had a monster orgasm that kept
giving me after shocks even after Dick had pulled out.
    I was so exhausted they had to hold me up as they untied me
then carried me to the couch to lie face up to enjoy the caresses
of hands full of the salve Ted was giving them. The pain left
almost instantly to be replaced with a wonderful warm feeling as
hands caressed my boobs, tummy, and pussy all at the same time.
    I guess Ted became bored by it or jealous of their hands on
me since he said, "Lets get this over with. We still have thirty-
two. How should we do them."
    He wasn't asking me but I said, "Whatever it is I want all
thirty-two at once. I am exhausted and want to get it over with
too."
    They went into a huddle, giggling occasionally, Then Ted came
back to say Mike and Joe agree to hit you at the same time to get
it over fast but we only have one thong whip. Should one of them
use a switch or your snake whip?"
    I whined, "Oh god. They are both terrible. I guess the snake
whip but only on my back parts."
    They agreed and I went over to the net that was now on the
floor. I asked if I should lie on it but Ted said, "No. It will
be in our way."
    I was glad and went to the center of the room to hold out my
hands and spread my legs for the cuffs. To my surprise they
didn't tighten me. My elbows were at eye level.
    Then they dragged the net under me and took the center ropes
to lift it up between my legs to let the stickery rope slide into
the crack of my ass and my slit. Somebody jerked the rope to make
needles hit my clit and asshole. I desperately pulled myself up
by my arms to let it slide out but could only hold there for a
short time. They watched me curiously until My arms cramped and I
slowly let myself down on it again only to have the snake whip
sting my ass which made me jerk forward to drag needles on my
clit. I screamed just as the thong whip came down to bury the
tips into my pussy to make me lurch back to feel the needles. As
another lash hit my ass with the knot going into my ass-crack I
desperately lifted myself but someone just tightened the rope and
now I had to hold myself up still having the needles drag against
my clit and ass-hole with each lash to keep all my weight from
resting on the rope. It was awful and yet just before the end
something snapped and it suddenly didn't hurt anymore. I let
myself down to stand on tip-toes numbly feeling the rope seeming
to saw me in two.
    When they released me they saw the rope was wet with my blood
and Ted told me to kneel in front of the couch with my head on
the seat while they put salve on my pussy and ass-hole. It never
did hurt. The numbness on the rope was just replaced by the
numbing of the salve. They caressed me a long time. Even my boobs
which had not been hit while they commented on my bravery.
    My pussy and ass-hole had scabs on them for a few days. To
get even I used that as an excuse to keep him from fucking me. I
enjoyed his growing horniness only slightly allayed by blow-jobs.
    He was nice to me all week bringing home presents and being
sweet. At the next poker game we agreed I would not play and that
gave me more revenge as there was no excuse for the boys to whip
me. I missed the whipping though and the next day I told Ted I
was well and he should whip me for depriving him. He knew I
wanted it and only stung me enough to start orgasms before
fucking me.
    The next week he said we were going to dinner at his folks
and he was getting me a new dress Jan had designed and made.
    It was hardly a dress. More like a costume. He held up a
satin strap and a skirt that was just strips of satin kind of
like a grass skirt only less modest.
    I put on the skirt and found every step bared my legs to the
waist and it was so short my pussy was only covered when I was
standing straight. He said he would help me with the top. He
looped the strap around my neck then turned over the end to show
a small alligator clamp had been sewed in. When he let it close
on my nipple I squealed. It felt like I had been bitten. He said,
"You'll get used to it."
    I did kind of but it felt like little animals were biting me
with sharper bites when he hit bumps to make my tits move.
    We walked into the house with me walking very smoothly to
keep my boobs from bobbing to avoid sharper bites. 
    We went into the living room and I was embarrassed to see my
folks were there but then I noticed Jan and Mom were wearing
costumes identical to mine.
    Ted said he would get us a drink and I walked gracefully over
to where Mom was kneeling by Dad's leg while he caressed her
hair. The skirt strips had slipped between her legs and toward
her butt to show her legs clear to her waist and I saw the clips
were lifting her breasts to eliminate the crease below them just
like mine.
    I said, "God Mom. Is it really you. You always dressed so
modestly. You even wore one piece bathing suits with ruffles."
    "I know I was but this is the way Ben likes me and he is the
boss. I could never have a better husband. Besides it makes me
feel really sensual. I never knew how good it felt to go without
panties or bra until Jan convinced me. You must like it too."
    "God Yes! I feel horny constantly."
    "Me too but Ben makes sure I get satisfied."
    We are one big happy family now. Mom likes whipping too. The
men have us play games with the loser being whipped. We cheat
like crazy trying to lose.

                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





