BDSM Library - Louise




Louise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The rich spoiled frigid wife is transformed when she finds that being spanked thrills her.
LOUISE
                                
                            by allene

                            Chapter 1


    God, I loved to see her this way. Kneeling, with her legs
apart and her shoulders back to accentuate her marvelous breasts.
Just as she had been trained to do. I could not see her face as
she kept it lowered as ordered. I knew her expression would
indicate her eagerness to comply with my next demand. For the
time being I noted how lovely her nearly white hair looked
against her lightly tanned skin. The red lines across her breasts
only accentuated their beauty to me.
    It had not always been this way.
    I had married Louise shortly after graduating from college.
When we were going together I had ignored her bitchy ways because
I thought it was just a product of being the daughter of a rich
man, and that her bitchiness would never be directed at me. 
    When I tried to make out with her before marriage she told me
that she loved me, but she was a virgin and would remain so till
marriage. I was so stupid I thought this was a plus. This was my
first mistake. She treated sex as an ordeal to be put up with. Of
course, with this attitude, it was. Right in the middle of
foreplay she would stop me to say," Can't we just get this over
with?" As a result she never got wet so we went through a lot of
vaseline until I lost interest as well. I later found that she
had learned this from her mother. Her mother had told her that it
was just an ordeal that went with marriage and that if she did
not encourage me I would stop bothering her, just as her father
had stopped bothering her mother. Unfortunately, she was dead
right. In a few months I began to believe the stories about her
father making it with hookers or anyone else who was interested.
With his money and connections I understood he found a lot of
interested women.
    I held out for the first year thinking I would hit the magic
formula to bring her around. I spent a lot of time trying to
explain to her that her feelings about sex were abnormal. When I
suggested she see a psychiatrist she accused me of being a
pervert and went to stay with her mother for a month. This was
the last straw for me and I started getting my sex the same way
her father did. This was not really satisfactory to me as I like
to have a permanent loving relationship rather than one night
stands. Evidentally Louise missed our relationship as well. When
she returned she said that she had talked to some of her married
friends and that she would try to be better in bed for me. I
believe she did try. Her inhibitions were just too much. She no
longer put me off with phoney excuses, but it was obvious she was
not enjoying sex no matter what I did.
    Our problem became solved by chance. One day I had the worst
day in the office since I had started work. Everything I touched
seemed to turn to shit. To top matters off we lost a good client
and my boss blamed me in spite of the fact I had warned him we
had to make changes or we would lose him.
    Needless to say I was in a bad mood when I got home. Louise
picked this time to meet me at the door in her bikini to tell me
there was a frozen T.V. dinner in the freezer as she did not feel
like cooking. She was going swimming and if I didn't like it I
could hire a cook.
    I came unglued and said, " Bitch, you are too lousy in bed to
get away with this shit." At that point I dropped into a chair,
brought her over my legs, jerked her bikini bottom into the crack
of her ass and proceeded to spank her ass. At first she yelled
and screamed that she was going to divorce me and have me
arrested.
    I noticed that when I ignored her and kept on spanking her
bare ass till it began to glow. Something strange began to take
place. All of a sudden her screams and threats turned to moans
and her ass began to raise up to meet my hand. I pulled the bows
holding her bikini together and pulled it off. When she pushed up
her ass for the next slap I could see that her pussy was wet for
the first time since we were married. When I stopped spanking her
in amazement, she rolled off my lap, pulled down her bikini top,
and begged, " Fuck me now, Al. I need you."
    She ripped off my shirt while I jerked my pants and shorts
down for the greatest fuck I could remember. 
    My dick was as hard as blue steel. When I plowed it into her
she pushed back  with all her strength to bury my eight inch dick
right to the balls in her wet writhing pussy. 
    Since she had always laid there like a corpse in the past. It
seemed like a minor miracle to see her struggle to get more of me
inside her.
    Then she started yelling, " I'm coming! Oh God I'm coming!
Don't stop! Don't ever stop!"  Finally I could not hold off any
longer and began spurting  inside her. She kept working until my
dick got so soft it finally slipped out of that glorious pussy.
    I literally slid off her body, soaked in our sweat, to lay
panting on the floor. When I got my breath back I said, " That
was wonderful!" She replied that it was more than that. Even her
friends had never said it could be that good.
    As we held each other my curiosity overcame me and I asked
her why the spanking had created such a marvelous effect on her.
    She replied, " I don't know for sure. I can explain it a
little from the psychological viewpoint. Although I love you I
always thought men were wimps and when you took charge the way
you did it made me feel that you really cared. If you had not
loved me so much you would have walked out the door. If you had
given up on me, you would have let me go without complaint. Your
actions made me know you loved me at the same time I felt like
"Jane" to your  "Tarzan."  What I really don't understand is the
physical aspect. Those first dozen spanks really hurt. Somehow,
as I resigned myself to it the pain seemed to turn from pain to
this wonderful warm to hot flash feeling that made my breasts
swell, my nipples tingle, and this indescribable feeling to my
pussy. It was like my pussy had always been kind of numb up to
then. Now it is still sensitive. I can still feel the lips moving
against each other when I move my legs and I can feel how wet I
am. Even the few times I had tried playing with my cunni it had
not become this sensitive."
    I kissed her saying," I don't really care why it happens. I
just think it is wonderful it did. I have never loved you so much
and I never want to lose the way we feel now."
    " Oh darling, I feel the same way. If you have to spank or
whip me daily to keep this feeling it will be worth it."
    We went to the bedroom and made love every way conceivable.
For the first time she agreed to having the lights on bright and
seemed to enjoy my compliments. She even agreed to a  "69" and
later went down on me smiling at my look of joy. Although she did
not get as wild as after I spanked her she was able to come and
went to sleep with a smile on her face.




                            Chapter 2

    I could not wait to see her the next day so I made an excuse
to leave work early.
    When I got home she met me at the door very animated and
happy. She told me that her whole attitude had changed. " Do you
remember how I used to change clothes in the bathroom or in the
dark? Now I love to be naked. You are right. My body does look
beautiful. I have been naked all day posing in front of mirrors
or just walking or running. If I run in place my breasts shake,
the lips of my pussy rub together, and my tummy tremors. Things I
never paid any attention to before seem sexy to me now. I can see
now how girls could enjoy being strippers. Do you like my
outfit?"
    Her costume amounted to a tight angora sweater she had cut
off just below her breasts and a leather mini-skirt I had never
seen before. It looked great on her perfect thirty-five, twenty-
two, thirty-five body. Her legs looked longer than before because
of the short skirt which ended just below her butt. I said, " It
looks great Honey, but your folks or your friends would shit if
they saw it."
    " I know, but it isn't for them. It's for you and me. I'll
just wear it around the house unless you want to show me off in
front of your friends."
    This was really a shocker for me. When we had a pool-party
she had always worn a conservative one-piece suit and would wear
a robe over it except when she was in the water. The only time
She ever wore a bikini was when she was in a private pool with
other women. When early in our marriage I had bought her a micro-
dress saying she had a lovely body and should show it off she had
angrily thrown it away saying she was not about to look like a
hooker to satisfy my perverted desire to show her off. To
indicate any willingness toward exhibitionism seemed unreal. I
was a little ashamed when I realized I was making a mental list
of my friends to whom I wanted to show off my "new" wife. I knew
I would feel very proud to show them something only I could have.
I knew I would have to come up with some excuse to do it.
    She said, " I am kind of proud of my design. You know that
old leather dress I had that went out of style? Well I just cut
off the bottom and cut it off low on my waist then punched holes
in the waist to hold the leather string I made out of the bottom
of the skirt."
    The top of the skirt was just above the top of her pussy hair
well below her belly-button in the front and just at the top of
the cleavage of her ass in the rear. I wondered why her panties
did not show. Even though the top was a very tight sweater she
had cut it so close to the bottom of her breasts there was a gap
between the sweater and her skin.
    " I'll tell you something else. I am not wearing panties or
bra. I don't think I ever will again unless you want me to. I am
so sensitive now I can feel breezes on my pussy and on the bottom
of my breasts."
    That certainly answered my question, but there was more.
    " There's more. Wait here!"
    She ran to the other room and came back carrying a whip! 
    "I made it myself by cutting long strips out of the leather
dress then braiding them to make a handle. The strips were too
long and soft so I braided them in threes to make the thongs. It
excited me so much just looking at it that I tried whipping
myself but it is too long so I used your big belt. I took off my
clothes and whipped my butt and stomach as hard as I could and as
long as I could stand it. It did not make me horny. I know now
that it is you and only you that can excite me by causing pain.
I'll show you the marks."
    She untied the bow at her waist and pulled off the mini-
skirt. She had really done a job on herself. there were several
dark red lines on her butt, lower stomach, and the top of her
thighs. She then took off the sweater to reveal a half-dozen
marks on her breasts.
    "I know it will excite me if you do it because when I closed
my eyes and imagined you were doing it. I began to get turned on!
I couldn't maintain the illusion though since it was still me
swinging the belt. The whip will be better since it looks like
the ones they used on slaves. I want to be your slave."
    I told her that we could try some experiments to see what
really worked for her.
    " Yeah. That sounds great! Could we go down to the sex-shops
to see if they have anything interesting to use on me. I
fantasized being tied up or hand-cuffed. Or are you afraid
someone you know will see you?"
    Actually, I was a little worried about that. I surely did not
want to look like a wimp to her so I said, " If anyone notices us
in there it will be because they are customers as well as us. It
will be hard for them to say anything when they are in the same
boat."
    " Great! Should I wear this?"
    " No. There are too many scum-bags around there. Wear a dress
but you don't need panties or bra."
    " Okay. I know just the thing. I have been trying on clothes.
I have a short pleated skirt that lets the air play with my pussy
and an angora sweater that lets my breasts bobble when I walk in
high heels. If you don't like it you can always tell me what to
wear. I'll do anything you want. You can even buy my clothes if
you want to."
    This was another major change. She spent almost every waking
moment either shopping for clothes or reading fashion magazines.
It was a real concession for her to take the chance I may get
something out of fashion. I told her that she would have to come
along as I would not buy anything till she modeled it. This gave
me an out. I would be able to tell by her expression if she
really hated something so I could be dominant without having her
look like a frump. She was so fashion conscious she would
probably throw up  if I put her in polyester.   




                            CHAPTER 3

    The dress she chose of a soft silky material had not been
very sexy as she had normally worn it with panties, bra and a
full slip but just alone it was very sexy. The material clung to
her fabulous body and it was obvious from the bumps made by her
nipples and the gentle sway of her boobs when she walked that she
was bra-less. I thought I might be jealous when other men looked
at her  but it didn't work that way. I was proud of their stares
as she walked down the sidewalk with her boobs and butt cheeks
jiggling slightly at each step on the sidewalk. I also felt a
feeling of power that they all lusted after her but only I could
have her. 
    When we got to the sex store we went on a shopping rampage.
Anything she showed the least interest in, I bought. I had an
ulterior motive. I was the youngest partner in my law firm thanks
to networking and her father's influence. I did not want to shop
at this place any more often than absolutely necessary. I had
told the truth as far as running into anyone in the place. My big
worry was being seen going in and out.
    We bought every book or magazine they had dealing with
spanking, bondage, and S/M. We found padded cuffs for wrists and
ankles, several whips and paddles, nipple clamps, and various
dildos. One dildo was especially interesting as it had short
metal spikes at the base. The clerk showed us that when a button
was pushed the spikes would give off electrical shocks.  When I
asked the clerk how painful this was, he told me that it hurt
like hell and you had to be somewhere private as the women always
screamed. He also said not to use it until she was so desperate
to cum she would not care what happened.  
    As soon as we got home we started looking through the
magazines. I spent more time watching Louise than the magazines
as I made mental notes of the type of bondage or method of
punishment she showed the most interest in.
    She pointed out that the advertisements in the magazines had
a lot more choice of items than the store had and were less
expensive. This, I assumed, would solve the problem of being seen
going into the sex-store as she or I could order with the Visa
card. It was even possible to get things over night if we were in
a big hurry for something.
    We were like kids at Christmas as we opened all the packages
and laid them out on the floor. She put the padded cuffs for her
wrists and ankles on first and then laid out the instruments for
punishing her. We had quite a collection. There were leather and
rubber paddles, a riding quirt, a bamboo cane, a length of half-
inch rubber hose, a short thin whip, and another leather whip
consisting of a handle with six leather thongs coming out of it.
She studied this array for a little while then said " I know
what's missing!" At that she ran out the back door stark naked.
We were very isolated so there was no problem with this. However,
I decided to order an electric gate for the driveway so no-one
could come in unannounced.
    In a few minutes she came back in with a willow switch about
three feet long and another thicker one about five feet long. She
explained, "One of my sorority sisters told me that her boyfriend
had caught her flirting with another man and had switched her.
She wasn't angry with him about it and as I thought about it the
fact he loved her enough to be so jealous kind of excited me."
     As she buckled the cuffs onto her wrists and ankles she
asked,         " Which one do you want to try?"
    " I don't know the choices are a little overwhelming."
    " I have an idea. Let's try them all! That way we can decide
which is best for both of us. You could hit me three times with
each one on  my butt or the back of my thighs then my stomach or
front of my thighs then on my breasts.
    " You realize that amounts to twenty-seven swats. Do you
think you can take that many at once?"
    " I won't have any choice." She replied excitedly. " I'll be
tied! You won't hit real hard will you? Just hard enough to make
me really red like I did to myself?"
    "I won't hit hard but theses whips will hurt more than the
spanking I gave you."
    "I know. It should hurt. I have a lot to make up for the way
I have treated you."
    By this time I was much too excited by the project to argue
the point so we went to our rec-room which had open beams which
were ideal to put the rope over to hang her up.




                            CHAPTER 4

    She held out her hands while I tied the rope to her cuffs.
Then I threw the rope over the beam and pulled her arms up above
her head. I then put on the ball-gag and stepped back. It
occurred to me that there was no reason to waste the ankle cuffs
so I put ropes on them and pulled her legs apart. This created a
beautiful effect as spreading her legs made her body drop so all
her weight was being held up by her wrist-cuffs. Her stomach went
concave and her breasts lifted to make her body absolutely
beautiful. I admired her for a minute then went to my array of
whips.
    I started with the leather paddle. The first one to her ass
made a very satisfying " Smack " I then went to her front and hit
the inside of her left thigh. I could tell this really hurt as
she sucked air into her lungs and held it. The last was across
the bottom of her stomach just above the crack of her pussy. Her
stomach was convulsing so I let her settle down for a minute.   
When she had calmed I picked up the smaller willow switch and
brought it to her ass, her front at the junction of her thighs to
her hips and across both breasts. The switch left light red welts
on her body which did not seem alarming and she seemed to take
them pretty well.   
    I then went to the rubber paddle which seemed quite heavy and
applied it to her ass, the inside of her right thigh and across
her belly-button. She seemed quite agitated by this, so again I
let her calm herself before picking up the quirt.
    The quirt left dark red welts which started raising right
away so I limited its use to her butt and the back and front of
her thighs.        I switched to the light cane thinking I would
give her a break. I switched her rapidly on the butt, to the top
of her cunt, and across her breasts. To my chagrin the welts that
appeared were very red and obviously very painful as she fought
her ropes with tears streaming out of her eyes.
    When she had calmed I used the rubber hose. The welt it left 
did not seem too bad so when I moved to the front I brought it
across her nipples then an underhand blow to her pussy. The hose
actually disappeared in the crack of her pussy so I immediately
checked her reaction. Rather than fighting the ropes she was
pumping back and forth in a fucking motion.
    The larger willow switch left another angry welt on her ass
so when I moved to the front I held back on the strength of the
blows to leave dark-pink stripes across her breasts and crotch
which she had pushed out toward me.
    The thin leather whip seemed ideal for the front so I used it
to hit the top of her breasts, across the nipples and then the
underside which made her breasts bounce around provocatively.
    The thonged whip I used To hit each breast separately
followed by an undercut to her pussy.
    As a finale I used her home-made whip. It seemed soft so I
used it to hit across both breasts. The thongs separated to turn
them red on and around the nipples then I brought it underhanded
to drag through her pussy. It was a perfect fit. The outer thongs
hit both lips while the center actually sunk in her slit. She
gasped and pushed out her pussy so I gave her another in the same
place.
    I took off the gag and asked her if she was alright but all
she could do was pant and moan.
    By the time I had released her leg cuffs she had recovered
enough to wrap her legs around my ass and pull me to her. I just
unzipped my pants and stuck my dick in her for the wild ride. She
did most of the work as she pulled me to her and relaxed her grip
with her legs but when I came it was such a full body orgasm I
slipped to the floor when she let me. It took a minute for me to
recover. When I did I could see she was still in orgasm so I went
to my knees to tongue her pussy until she finally pleaded, " No
more. Please no more. I can't stand it."
    I watched her as her trembling body began to relax then
removed her wrist-cuffs and carried her over to the couch where I
placed her on her side so I could gently apply soothing ointment
to her now alarmingly welted body. Even though I had created the
carnage I felt I was soothing a child that had been hurt from
some outside source. I had never felt so much in love with her
and would have done anything to make her happy.




                            CHAPTER 5

    She could tell I was feeling bad over hurting her so much and
in return for my love soothed me by saying, " Darling, you hurt
me a lot but I love you all the more for it. I asked you to do
it. Please make us a drink and we will talk about it."
    I went to the bar to make us two stiff drinks of whisky.
    " Here you are sweetheart. How are you feeling?"
    " I will be fine. I am in real pain only where the quirt, and
the cane hit." I am glad I had you use everything because now I
know what is exciting and what is just painful. I also know what
parts of my body create the most sensation. The paddles aren't
that awful painful, but they just don't turn me on. They must
remind me of childhood spankings. The quirt and cane feel as if
they are cutting into me and frighten me. I don't know why I
don't like the rubber hose. I just don't. Unless I have done
something to really displease you please don't use them on me.
The small whip, the thonged whip, and the willow switches were
really exciting. The best was the one I made the way you did it.
The braids sliding across my nipples and pussy was fantastic. I
know you held back with the large switch, sometime we will try it
a little harder. The amount is not the problem. The more you hit
me it seems the more pain I can take and covert to sexual
pleasure. It looks like the best thing is to start out easy and
make them harder concentrating on my tits and my pussy at the end
just like you did. I am glad I was wearing the gag otherwise I
would have asked you to stop when you used the quirt and would
have never reached the fantastic ending. Do you enjoy having a
love slave, darling?"
    " Oh yes. More than I could ever explain. I still feel more
in love with you than ever. Even though it gives you pleasure I
still feel loved and honored that you want me to whip you. Maybe
I am an egomaniac but I am sure you would never have allowed
anyone else to do it."
    " I feel loved that you will do it for me. I will do anything
for you. I will even agree to someone else whipping me if you
want to watch and will be there to make love to me at the end."
    "You said before that you would let me show you off in front
of my friends. Frankly, the idea appeals to me a lot. I would be
proud of your bravery and my ego would enjoy the jealousy of my
friends. I am sure if they knew what you will do for me they
would kill to have you or someone like you. Our particular
society must create sex problems as from conversations with them
most of them have wives the same as you used to be. This creates
a wonderful environment for prostitutes. I am so happy we solved
our problem before I had to go to prostitutes or get a divorce."
    " Oh me too darling. My mother and some of my friends had
convinced me it was normal not too enjoy sex. It was  my divorced
friends who saw the light and told me to try harder  to please
you. By then it was too late, I did not know how and was too
embarrassed to ask you. It seems a miracle we happened to free my
inhibitions. I know we will be happy from now on."
    With that we went to bed for gentle lovemaking which was very
satisfying. We can't explain why she can enjoy gentle love as
long as she is punished on a regular basis. We don't try to
explain it we just enjoy.




                            CHAPTER 6

    When I came home from work the next day she met me at the
door naked so she could show me the progress of healing.
Amazingly the switches and whip marks were nearly gone. The marks
from the quirt and cane were very ugly as they had turned black
and blue and were raised from the rest of her skin. When I was
seated and she had given me a drink she stood in front of me and
spread the lips of her pussy so I could see the bruises left by
the rubber pipe which had buried itself in her pussy. When I
apologized she said " No, don't feel bad I just wanted to show
you the difference. The thong whip didn't bruise it at all even
though it hurt just as much. You can whip my pussy anytime with
the thong whip."
    " That sounds thrilling, but I assume that will have to wait
awhile."
    " Yes and that brings me to the bad news. My ass and pussy
are so sore I won't be able to make love to you tonight. However,
I plan to give you the best blow-job you can imagine. You will
have to direct me to make it feel the best for you." 
    This intrigued the hell out of me so we went directly to bed
after dinner. True to her word she followed my directions to a
"T" even when I insisted she masturbate her sore pussy. She
winced and cried at first but later admitted she had come. This
surprised her as she had never come from masturbation before.
    She had a lot of trouble getting my dick down her throat
without gagging. She finally managed to get into the right
position and relax her throat enough to get it down. This felt
fantastic! When I came she swallowed it all and kept on sucking
till I told her to stop as I just could not come anymore. She
asked me if she had done it right and said, " If I didn't do it
right you can whip my breasts. They aren't too sore now."  
Tempting as the offer was I was more than happy with her efforts
and even happier she was so anxious to please me. I simply kissed
and gently fondled her as I told her that she had done a
fantastic job for the first time and that I loved her very much.
She was very pleased but said, " It must have frustrated you to
have me take so long to get your  penis down my throat. I
probably owe you some kind of penance."  I did not want to whip
her breasts as I was afraid I would get another hard-on and my
ejaculation if possible would be painful. It was obvious that she
wanted to experience some more pain. Therefore, I said,  "I'll
let you set your own punishment. I will pinch some pussy hair
between my thumbs and fingers on both sides of your pussy. You
can raise yourself pulling on the hair till you feel you have
paid your debt." She agreed and I expected her to jerk up to pull
the hair out quickly or pull up then let herself back down.
Instead she started raising herself very slowly pulling out the
hair one or two at a time till I was left with tufts of hair in
both hands. It took what seemed to be several minutes for her to
free herself. Incredibly this simple operation provided an orgasm
for her.
    Afterwards she said, " You have never liked all my pussy
hair. Why?" I had not realized she knew, but admitted that I
thought she had a beautiful puss that was hidden by the hair, and
also getting all the hair in my mouth when I went down on her
kind of turned me off.
    " We will fix that. Every day I will pull out some. Every
night you pull some till it is totally bald. We did this and
after four days we had pulled all the hair from her pussy and
even the few around her anus. She enjoyed the effect. She said it
made her look ten years old and also she would feel the whip more
now. She told me she checked it every day to see if anything had
grown out so she could pull it with her tweezers. I really
enjoyed it! I had not minded going down on her that much before
and now I really enjoyed it.
    She still considered it a great privilege and I let her think
she should earn that special excitement by offering to suck me
first or suggesting I spank her boobs or pussy to earn
cunnilingus.
    She now never wore clothes at home and even told me that she
had been sunbathing nude when a small plane began circling her.
She said that had been really exciting but had to go into the
house because he kept getting lower until she was afraid he may
crash.
    I said she was getting shameless although it didn't bother me
but she looked stricken saying, "Oh yes. I shouldn't show off
unless you want me to. You should punish my pussy. I know that
was what he was looking at." 
    She jumped up and came back with the quirt! I said, "I don't
think  you deserve that much punishment."
    "I do. You said I was shameless. Make it really red!"
    She picked a cushion off the sofa and put it on the floor to
sit on then laid back with her legs spread to expose every inch
of her crotch.
    I didn't hit very hard since I wasn't mad at her and her only
reaction was little gasps and shudders as it reddened and became
puffy. Seeing the lips jump and quiver excited me and as a reward
I began eating her which brought on squeals as she went into
orgasm that got even stronger as I replaced my tongue with my
dick.
    I knew her pussy had to be sore but she only said, "God that
was exciting as she caressed it then hugged and kissed me until I
carried her to bed.
    The next day after work I found pain from things other than
whipping excited her. When I walked in she was sitting on the
floor crosslegged taking pins out of a couple of my new shirts. I
leaned over and kissed her. She said, "Hi. I'll be done in a
minute and make your dinner. Would you get my pincushion off my
dresser."
    I playfully grabbed her boobs and said, "I have your
pincushions."
    To my surprise she pushed her boobs into my hands and moaned,
"That would be wild. Do it!"
    I picked up one of the pins and stuck it in just outside the
nipple area just deep enough to let it hang. She just gasped and
said, "Another."  I stuck in another in her other breast which
brought a moan then, "Another. Deeper!"
    I made circles around her nipples as she said, "More." while
digging at her pussy.
    Then she pushed out her breasts and gasped, "Put one in my
nipple."
    That must have hurt bad as tears came to her eyes but she
said excitedly, "The other one!"
    I stuck it in deep which made her shrink back but then she
said, "More."
    I said, "There aren't any more." amazed that she could want
more of them.
    She moaned, "Oh God. It is not enough. Whip them with the
switch."
    I ran to get it and when I got back she was pushing and
twiddling the pins with a crazy look on her face. As soon as she
realized I was back she brought her elbows back to push out her
tits as far as she could and moaned, "Whip them. Hit all of
them."
    I started easy but she just gasped and moaned, "Harder!"
until they were covered with nasty welts and she suddenly fell
over in a faint from the crashing orgasms. While she was
unconscious I removed the pins that had not been ripped out and
that had been driven in to the heads. Then carried her to bed. I
was so horny I squeezed her tits together to fuck the valley
until cum splashed out into her face and neck.
    I felt guilty and got up to wet a washcloth to wipe off my
cum and some drops of blood on her boobs. That woke her up.
    She felt her boobs and said with a note of disappointment,
"Oh. You took them out. That was unreal. If someone had told me a
few weeks ago that having pins pushed in me would excite me I
would have said they were crazy."
    "Yeah. I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it. You
have some nasty welts. Why did you tell me to hit harder?"
    "The more it hurt the more excited I got. The last one on the
pins in my nipples just blew my mind and I passed out from an
orgasm that seemed to rip me apart."




                            CHAPTER 7

    In about three days her welts had pretty well healed up. When
I left for work that morning she asked me not to be late coming
home as she had planned a surprise for me that should make me
crazy with desire. That pretty well shot my day as I spent so
much time fantasizing over what she had planned I got very little
work done.
    When I got home there was a note on the door telling me she
was waiting for me in the rec-room. It turned out that my
fantasies at work were nothing compared to the sight I saw when I
walked into the rec-room. 
    She evidentally had stood on the kitchen stool while she had
tied her legs to ropes tied to the ceiling beam about ten feet
apart. She then had tied her wrists to the beam. When she kicked
over the stool she ended up hanging by her arms with her legs
about four feet apart. She was wearing the ball-gag and had stuck
safety pins to her breasts just above her nipples which held a
note to her left breast and the thonged whip to her right. The
note said,
         "Darling, I know the thonged whip I made turns me on the
         most while bruising me the least. Now that I know
         which whip I prefer I want to find out what area
         of my body is most sensitive. I want you to whip 
         every inch of my body from my knees to my arm-pits.
                           Love Louise

    I said, "Are you sure?" She nodded yes. " Very hard?" again
she nodded yes. It was obvious she was already very excited just
from the anticipation. Her body was trembling and there was a
sheen of perspiration on her upper body. I removed the pins
holding the note and the whip. They must have been in for some
time as there was no blood.
    I decided to start on her back to save the best for last. I
started at her knees and went up in small increments till I
reached her arm-pits then did the same to both sides. I did not
try to count the blows but there must have been about thirty by
the time I got to her front.
    I then started laying them on her inner left thigh till the
top of the thongs caught and spread the bottom part of the lips
of her pussy. By this time she was panting through her nose, her
body was covered with her perspiration and pulsating. When I
began the inner right thigh she managed to spread her legs even
further as I got to the top. I took the hint and laid one from
the floor to the center of her now hairless puss. It turned red
instantly and lubricating juices from her pussy spattered. I then
started up her front finishing with three swats across her
breasts. By this time it was obvious she was coming, when she
forced her pussy out toward me I began whipping it till she
slumped.

    She was unconscious when I took off the ropes and let her
down to the floor. She became conscious when I got a wet cloth to
wipe her face and body.
    I apologized to her for causing her so much pain she passed
out. She replied, " It wasn't the pain. It was just that my
orgasms got so powerful I couldn't stand it. I am sorry you
didn't get a chance to come. We will have a few drinks while I
recover then You can fuck me in my ass. Remember you wanted to
but I wouldn't let you. Well, I started thinking about it since
it seems like the ultimate humiliation and began experimenting.
By using vaseline and relaxing I was able to push a dildo as big
as your prick into my ass. To my surprise it felt good. I thought
I would let you do it as a punishment but now I think it would be
exciting. The only bad part was that the dildo became covered
with my shit which was disgusting so I got the huge enema bag my
grandma had and gave myself three enemas with over three gallons
of water to be clean for you. To my surprise it turned me on too
when my belly began to bulge and pain started. I'll get some
vaseline while you get the drinks."
    Actually I had only wanted to fuck her in the ass  because I
had not been able to get any reaction from fucking her pussy. 
The offer still appealed to me a lot since she had been so
outraged at the idea before. Her offer now continued to confirm
her change and her willingness to please me in any way.
    After our drinks she went down on me briefly to make sure I
was rock-hard then told me to lay back as she would do all the
work. This was a marvelous idea. She straddled me and slowly let
herself down on my throbbing dick whimpering at the stretching of
her tiny anus until she was sitting on my thighs and then began
pumping.Since she was so tight and could work her sphincter
muscles so strongly I am sure that if I had been on top I would
have come in seconds. This way I was able to last some time in
spite of the extra excitement of watching her freshly whipped
tits bouncing with her efforts to get me off and the expressions
on her face as I pinched her nipples and pussy-lips.
    After I came she  asked me if she had done all right. She
apologized again for her early failure to get my dick into her
throat and it was hard to convince her that I was totally
satisfied and was not just trying to make her feel good. I went
down on her enjoying her squeals as I licked her cute bald pussy
until she had a great orgasm.     
    We were exhausted by then and went to bed where she snuggled
against me till she went to sleep. Although I was exhausted I
still could not go to sleep for some time as I marveled at my
good luck in having such a sex goddess while fantasizing of
future things I planned to have her do and things I planned to do
to her. 




                            CHAPTER 8

    For the next few weeks she acted the total slave with
complete subservience. This may sound like a dream to some,
however it became a bore to me as it gave me no excuse to punish
her and she so readily acquiesced to any demand I made for blow-
jobs or any kind of sex all challenge was gone. The only new
satisfaction I could imagine at this time was to be able to
demonstrate her submission to others. She was still very
carefully hiding her new sexuality from our friends. I knew I
would be in total control when I could demonstrate her complete
submission to others. Unfortunately I did not know how our
friends would feel about it. I was sure the women would not
approve, and I did not want to jeopardize my position in the law
firm.
    A few weeks later I had to go to San Francisco to represent
one of our corporate clients in court. I had cleared my calendar
for a week although I did not think the trial would last that
long to give me some time to relax and explore the town. 
    Louise reminded me that if our catalogs were any indication,
the town must harbor a shopping mall of sex stores. We may find
something entirely new. I agreed and told her to get ready to
come along.
    My clerks and I had prepared a very powerful case. By the
second day the defendants agreed to settle out of court for more
than my clients had hoped for. As an additional perk they gave us
the use of their corporate suite at the Hilton and the use of one
of their limousines. We only used the limo a few times for
sightseeing tours during the day and to go out to dinner. The
rest  of the time we were in the sleazy parts of the town we did
not want our clients to know about.
    While on one of our shopping sprees I noticed one of the
strip clubs was advertising an amateur night. I remembered that
Louise was still inhibited except when she was alone with me. I
told her I wanted her to enter the contest. She resisted until I
told her that if she refused I would keep her handcuffed in the
toilet until I was ready to go home. She took one long look at my
face which convinced her I meant what I said and agreed.  
    She went to the back with the other girls for instructions.
When she got back I asked what the rules were. She told me there
was only one rule which was not to put her fingers in her pussy
or ass-hole. The only advice was to get naked as soon as possible
to get maximum applause. The winner would be determined by an
applause meter. They had drawn lots for the order of appearance.
Louise was second in line.
    The first girl was only wearing a dress and panties so was
naked in seconds and able to use most of the song for dancing and
to go into the audience to dance between the tables where men
took every opportunity to touch,pinch, or slap her bottom. She
smiled through it all and the applause was deafening.
    Louise had worn too many clothes. They had told her to dress
normally as she would to go to work. Naturally to Louise, this
meant stockings, garter belt, panties, bra, slip, and dress. With
this many clothes combined with her nervousness the song was over
very shortly after she was naked and the applause was minimal in
spite of how great she looked.
    When she got back to the table she pleaded with me to let her
quit as it frightened her and it was not sexy as she felt too
embarrassed and clumsy to enjoy it.
    I told her that the problem was simply that she had to
concentrate too much on undressing while  trying to dance. I told
her to go to the dressing room and take off everything but the
dress. When she returned I unbuttoned her dress down to the waist
so all she would have to do is slip it off. While doing this I
told her that her other problem was that she did not have enough
incentive. To give her that incentive I would give her ten lashes
with the quirt for every place she finished out of first. This
frightened her a lot as she knew how much the quirt hurt and with
ten girls entered if she placed last she could get up to a
hundred.
    On the next set the first girl did not go out into the
audience as she had the first time and the applause was less. I
told Louise to go into the audience for at least the last half of
the song as they enjoyed it and they would not notice her lack of
expertise as a dancer so much. Most of the dancers were pro's and
she looked clumsy next to them.
    On this set she took off the dress in the first few bars,
made a few turns and went into the audience.
    Naturally the men started grabbing at her. Unlike the first
girl she moved away slowly in time with the music rather than
jerking away, whistles and applause started up. When one man
slapped her butt and she simply bent over for another the
audience began applauding and stamping their feet. As she worked
her way around the tables back to the stage others started
slapping as she went by. She finished by doing a slow turn with
her arms above her head. Her bottom was red as well as a few red
marks on her lower stomach and breasts. The audience went wild
and there was no doubt she had won this round. She threw on her
dress to run back to sit at our table. 
    " My God Al, you were so right! The first round was not sexy
either to me or them. I just felt frightened and clumsy. This
time was great, I felt like a rock-star or something. Everyone
was watching me!  Wow!
When that first guy spanked me it did not hurt at all. It was
just terribly exciting! I wanted them all to hit me. If the song
had lasted just a little longer I would have come!"
    " Yeah. You may be enjoying this a bit too much. I may have
to punish you for the way you are acting. Maybe we should quit
now before you end up getting arrested."
    "Oh no Al. Please let me go on. You can punish me later, I
know I deserve it but I can't miss this. It is a fantastic high!"
    " All right. I have to admit the idea of all these guys
lusting after you when only I can have you turns me on too."
    The last round was really wild as this time about half the
girls came into the audience. All but the first girl avoided the
spankings by staying too far away or too close for the guy to get
a swing or else slapped back when they were slapped. The first
girl one-upped Louise by lying down on the table or across laps
for her spanks. She did not enjoy it as Louise did. She went back
to the stage while a lot of the record was left to bend over to
show off her red buttocks till the song ended.
    Louse ended up lying on her back on one of the larger tables
at the end of the song. She had two guy's squeezing her breasts,
two guys slapping her thighs and stomach and one guy squeezing
her cunt. The rest of the crowd was standing on their chairs to
see and the bouncers had to come to help her to the stage pulling
everyone off of her.
    When she got to the stage I could tell she was in the midst
of orgasm by the way her eyes were glazed and her stomach muscles
were pulsating.
    The manager had all  the girls come on the stage while he
held his hand over the contestant's heads for the applause.
Louise was so out of it she did not know she had won till he
handed her the money and her dress. She then realized everyone on
stage was dressed except her. For some reason this made her blush
and she dressed as quickly as possible.
    As soon as she got back to the table I started leading her
out the door to the cab stand.




                            CHAPTER 9

    In the cab  she said, " God I came! I actually had an orgasm
out in that crowd of people I would not normally be seen dead
with! Are you mad at me? I know I got carried away and deserve to
be punished."
    " I am not so much mad as disappointed you had so little
self-control. If the bouncers had not stepped in you could have
been seriously injured. You will be punished when we get home and
you will learn self control."
    " I hope you mean the hotel. I don't think I could take the
anticipation till we get back to Seattle."
    " I'll have to think about it. The other tenants might hear
us."
    At that point the driver said, "No sweat buddy. I know that
hotel. The rooms are all soundproofed."
    His voice came as a shock as we had both forgotten he
existed. 
    I retorted, "Excuse me Buddy,  I don't remember inviting you
into our discussion."                                            
                   "  Yea, well I am not near as interested in
joining your discussion as I am in joining you in your hotel.  My
girl left me to be a porn star and I haven't even seen a girl get
punished since."
    The idea appealed to me and  Louise must have sensed it as
she said, "No. Al please, that's too much."
    "I'll tell you what is too much! Buddy, consider yourself
invited."
    " Well thanks a bunch. The timing is perfect as I am ending
my shift anyway. Incidentally my name is Frank, not Buddy."
    At the next light he turned around to face us. I am sure
Louise was relieved that he was not ugly or deformed. He said,
"Don't worry lady, I may make suggestions but I won't do anything
your husband does not want me to do."
    I then explained what she had done to deserve punishment. He
agreed saying, " She definitely needs it alright. She should have
been dancing to please you not herself. For her to get off like
that in front of a whole room of strangers indicates a real lack
of control."
    We pulled up to the hotel entrance. While we were getting out
I gave Frank the room number. He said he would be back as soon as
he dropped off the cab.
    I used the intervening  time to call room service to send up
a bottle of whisky, mix, and ice while  I had Louise put on some
lingerie we had picked out of the Frederick's catalogue. When she
had changed she swallowed a quick double shot and said, " Al are
you sure about this? I have changed a lot. He might make me come
and then you may hate me."
    I told  her I expected her to come eventually and it did not
matter as we would never see Frank again and I knew she still
belonged to me. I explained that as part of belonging to me I
could loan her to  someone for a short period just like any of my
possessions. The fact that I could do this would only make me
love her all the more.
    With what I said and another shot of whiskey she seemed
resigned to the situation.
    She asked me," What are you going to do to me?"
    " I am not going to tell you for two reasons, I want your
imagination to work building anticipation, and I am not sure
yet."
    The door chime rang and I went to let Frank in. I had him sit
on the couch while I made him a drink. When I had sat down by him
I told Louise to take off her robe so Frank could see how pretty
she was. I had her turn and pose to show  off her beauty in a
transparent teddie that left all her butt exposed so Frank could
see her still red bottom.
    "  I see her butt is a little red. Is that the way you punish
her. Just simple spankings?"
    " No Frank, I never spank her. Louise, go get the thonged
whip."
    She got off the floor where she had been kneeling to go into
the bedroom for the whip. When she came back with it I could  see
the anticipation was getting to her.  I handed the whip to Frank.
After examining it he hit the coffee table with it. Louise sucked
in her stomach as if she had been hit and I knew she was ready.
    Frank said, " This a good choice you can hit her anywhere
with it and it is not likely to break the skin."
    I said, " There are tall posts on the bed I thought we would
tie her to them spread-eagled and decide on the amount of lashes
she deserves."
    " It sounds good, but if I remember right you planned to
teach her some self discipline. With my girl I used to have her
sit quietly, untied, while I attached clamps to her nipples,
breasts, stomach, pussy and inner thighs. Every time she moved or
made a sound she owed me five lashes. Eventually she could take
forty clamps without a complaint."
    " That sounds great to me. But we only have a few clamps."
    Frank said," No problem I had some in my locker." With that
he opened a sack at his feet I had assumed held a six pack of
beer and took out a box with several small paper clamps in it. He
said, " They are small but the springs are pretty strong and
there are no teeth to tear the skin."
    Louise picked up one to test it on her arm. She took it off
right away saying, " Al, these are really going to hurt, but I
think I can take it."
    " Alright take off the lingerie but don't do it clumsily as
you did on the stage. Take it off slowly and sensually." She
followed my directions very well. She must have been thinking of
her earlier performance as you could see her rising excitement. I
said, " You see Frank, I keep her pussy shaved so she can be
totally naked. She can get even more naked. Louise, use your hand
to spread the lips of your pussy. We want to see all of you." I
kept telling her to pull them apart wider and wider. She began to
blush again but complied till the lips were stretched to the
point she was causing some pain.
    Frank said " She minds very well but I am anxious to test her
control."
    " I agree, Louise get on your knees on the coffee table
spread your legs and put your hands on your head.  Remember any
sound or movement brings five lashes."
    " Since this is her first time I think we'll put five on each
breast,six on her stomach, three on each pussy lip and four on
each thigh. That's thirty. Do we have that many Frank?"
    " Oh yea. I have about forty of them."
    I had her spread her legs till her pussy was about six inches
off the table and her arms on her head to lift her breasts as 
high as possible.
    We then started putting them on her breasts. She did well
till the  third when she let out a small whimper. I said," That's
one." Louise said," You mean I can't make even the slightest
noise?" "That's two" said Frank. " Oh no." That's three" I said. 
    She did well until Frank put one on her nipple which made her
pull back. " That's four" She flinched again when I put the clamp 
on her other nipple. "That's five"  She was able to resist
movement  or noise through the ones on her stomach but gasped at
the first on her pussy lips. " That's six." With remarkable
restraint she made no sound or movement for the rest.
    Then frank tied a string to the clamp on her right nipple
pushed her head down and told her to open her mouth and hold the
string with her teeth saying," When you are ready for  us to take
them off just pull this one off by lifting  your head. Al, the
longer they stay on the more they will hurt. She will be pulling
that off pretty soon. In the future you might want to set a time
limit."
    In just a few moments she began to lift her head. Her breast
lifted with her head and the nipple  stretched about twice its
normal size before the clamp snapped free. At that she let out a
small squeal and Frank said " Seven"
    She was able to take the pain of removing the clamps with
only small quivers which we ignored.
    When all were removed I told her she could talk now and
relax. She said  she had hurt herself more than all the rest
combined when she pulled the one off her nipple. She complained
that her legs were cramped from holding the split  position so
long. I told her to walk around and to get Frank and I some
drinks.
    " She is really beautiful and had a lot more self-restraint
than I expected. You are really a lucky man to find her Al."
    "Well not that great. I have thirty-five lashes coming.
Although the ones where I simply asked a question and the last
one which hurt too bad for anyone to take quietly doesn't really
seem fair."
    " Life is not fair but I'll make you a deal. You have made us
both horny. If you blow Frank while I take you dog fashion I'll
knock off ten lashes."
    It was obvious she was excited from the pain and anticipation
of more. with just a small hesitation she said, "Okay. I'll do
it."               It only took a few moments for Frank and I to
get our clothes off. Frank sat on the edge of the couch so his
balls could hang free. I was amazed at the size of his cock at
about ten inches and very thick. Louise got on her knees and
started licking Frank's nuts while I got behind her to drive my
rock-hard dick into her pussy.
    I was so turned on by then I was sure I would not be able to
hold out till she came. 
    I asked,"Frank. How is she doing on the blow-job?"           
              " Not too great really, she can only get about half
my dick down."
    " We'll see if this helps." I picked up two of the clamps and
put them on her nipples then two more to attach next to her
clitoris.
    This solved both our problems as I felt her lubricating
juices flood my cock as her nose buried itself in Franks pubic
hair.
    I held out as long as I could then decided to go for it as I
increased the speed of my thrusts and spanked her ass in cadence.
This seemed to turn everyone on as Louise began to climax, then
me, and then Frank in rapid sequence.




                           CHAPTER 10

    Louise just flopped over on the rug as I got up to sit on the
couch. I let her rest a minute then told her to get up and make
us all a drink. When she came back with the drinks and sat down
between us she asked,"Can I take off the clamps now? The longer
they stay on the more they hurt especially after I come."
    We relented and took them off for her then stroked her
breasts and pussy while she played with our dicks.
    In a few minutes it was obvious we had recuperated as Frank's
and my cock began to harden and Louise's pussy started to flow.
    " Frank. How do you think we should set her up for her
lashes?"
    " Well I think we got off to a good start on her lessons in
self-discipline. Why not just have her take the pose of our
choice for each lash?"
    " Sounds Good To me."
    " Well it doesn't sound good to me. I can take them better if
I am tied up, and I will get them too slowly that way to let me
build up to an orgasm."
    "Don't worry you'll come alright. I'll see to it." I
reassured her.
    She smiled and I realized she considered that a commitment to
lick her pussy after the ordeal.
    "To let you start out easy bend over with your hands on the
coffee table. Spread your legs a little." As she complied I told
Frank to stand on her left side. 
    " Just a minute. I happen to have whip much like yours with
me." Frank went to his box to bring back a thonged whip just
slightly longer than mine as he moved to her side.
    " Just say 'one' when you are ready Louise. I'll let you set
the pace."
    " Oh God, one then."
    I gave her the first across the upper half of both ass-
cheeks.They turned white then red as she gasped. Then she took a
deep breath and said, "Two".
    Frank's blow came across both cheeks just below mine with an
even louder " Smack!"
    " Aiee!  That really burned. This isn't fair. It hurts more
this way. When I count it is if I was asking for it."
    " Exactly," Frank said. " This is part of your lesson in
self-discipline. Delays will only lessen your chances of enjoying
them."
    " I agree. Louise now spread your legs more so we can get to
your inner thighs."
    She teased us by only opening her legs slightly forcing us to
say 
"More, even more" till we were satisfied that her legs were
spread enough to get to her inner thighs all the way to her
pussy.
    Then finally, " Three."
    I brought the whip around the back of her thigh so the end
hit the inner thigh just grazing her pussy-lips.
    She just shuddered and said " Four" Whereupon Frank matched
my blow on her other leg.
    " Five and six came  quickly and then I told her to stand up
and hold on to my ankles as I faced her. When I told her to
spread her legs some more she sobbed but then spread them till
the muscles stood out in her inner thighs.
    At " Seven." I brought my whip down the crack of her ass with
the ends hitting just above her clit. It took her a minute to get
her breath then she said " Eight." Frank wound up like a soft-
ball pitcher and brought his whip under-handed to connect on the
center of her pussy. She could no longer count she just gasped "
Yes" after each blow until the thirteenth.
    This was evidentally the last straw as she fell to the floor
panting and convulsing in orgasm. 




                           CHAPTER 11

    Frank and I mixed a drink for ourselves as she continued to
convulse on the floor pulling on her pussy and breasts.
    Frank said, " Do you think she can take any more?" 
 " Sure she can. We just have  to let her rest for awhile."
    She went to sleep for a few minutes then woke up to ask for a
drink.    I knew she was nearly recovered so said, " Are you
ready for the last twelve?"
    " Maybe after another stiff drink. I am too tired to stand up
for them. Please don't hit my pussy anymore. It is really sore."
    We made her another drink while I pondered possibilities.
    " I've got it! You can get on your knees on the couch with
your toes in the crack between the cushions and the back and hold
on to the backrest of the couch." 
    " Oh God, that would mean I would get all twelve on the front
of my body.  I can't take that many on my tits and pussy."
    " Alright," I replied, " I am open to suggestions. How do you
want them."
    " I think I could take four on my breasts, four on my
stomach, and four to my pussy if you  do them fairly fast and not
too hard."
    " I thought you said you did not want anymore on your pussy!"
I said in surprise as I expected her to ask for them on her legs.
    " By that time I'll be so out of it I won't care. Just as
long as you do the pussy last."
    Frank and I agreed to her terms and odd-manned to see who
would do her tits and stomach and who would do the pussy and
stomach.
    Frank got the tits so he started first.
    He was an artist with the whip. His first was a sidearm to
the cleavage of her left breast causing it to jump to the outside
then the same type to the right. Then he hit the outside to make
them slap against each other. Louise simply gripped the couch
till her arm and stomach muscles were tight as drums while
letting out shrill squeals.
    He finished with two just above the navel. Louise was pushing
her pussy out as far as she could.
    I put one just below the navel then right where the pubic
hair would have started if she had any. By that time Louise was
panting and sweating like a horse as she spread her legs and
pushed out her pussy. With the sweat and the lubricating oils
coming out of her pussy the whip was making a loud " Splatting"
sound. When I quit on the fourth she screamed " Fuck me! Please!
Fuck me!
    I simply picked her up so she could wrap her legs around me
as my dick slid into her sopping pussy with no resistance.
    I saw Frank spitting on his hand and wiping it on his cock
then he got behind her and stuck his dick in her ass. This
created a fantastic sensation for all of us. I could feel his
dick as it met with mine. While Louise was filled at both ends
and going nuts.
    She passed out from the sensations so we ended up fucking her
while she was unconscious.
    We let her down on the couch while we recovered, then carried
her to the bed and put salve on her to cut down on the soreness
when she woke up.
    I told Frank that she was through for the night so we
exchanged addresses with the promise that if we came back to town
we would look him up and if he got to Seattle he would call us.
Neither of us thought we would ever see each other again.
    Louise was really exhausted and slept almost twelve hours. I
finally had to wake her so we would have time to catch our plane.
    The trip back was a little embarrassing to me as Louise
wanted to reminisce all the way back. Although she was whispering
I could tell the man next to us was listening and getting turned
on. He eventually could not stand it anymore and went to the
restroom. He was there too long for a simple  piss. 




                                CHAPTER 12

    During the next month she was whipped or punished in some way
nearly every day. I became a challenge to me to come up with new
ways to inflict enough pain for her to reach orgasm without
leaving permanent scars. I noticed that she could stand more and
more pain and the pain became focused on her breasts, pussy and
ass. 
    She missed being on exhibition so I bought a camcorder so we
could put her punishment sessions on tape. I would often come
home to see her masturbating or whipping herself while watching
the tapes. I did not mind the masturbation but told her she could
no longer hurt herself as I did not want to miss out on the
experience.
    I also experimented further with forcing her to accept
punishment without attempting to stop or lessen it in any way. I
became inventive!
    I attached a broom handle to the outside of a pulley of an
electric motor whose speed could be controlled by a rheostat. The
broom went into a pipe to keep it upright. I then cut the
broomstraws into a v shape which concentrated the pressure at the
center and at the same time sharpened the ends. I then had her
stand over the broom with her legs spread and told her if she
moved she would get ten lashes to her back or legs which for some
reason caused her pain with no sexual release. At first she would
have to back off when I increased the speed of the broomstraws
pricking the lips of her pussy. As she got into it she would
spread her legs to allow occasional sticks to her clitoris. 
Eventually she could stand there until her orgasms would force
her to fall back to the floor. This of coarse would make her
pussy very tender so when I fucked her or she masturbated, enough
pain could be generated to let her orgasm again.
    Eventually we both became bored with this so I made her kneel
on the coffee table and hold her hands on the top of her head
while I whipped her breasts. If she moved her hand I would switch
to her back. In a short time she could withstand more lashes to
her breasts than I wanted to give as again I never wanted to
cause any permanent harm.
    While looking for new ideas I happened onto the dildo with
the electric spikes we had purchased. I used it on her and it
satisfied her very well the first few times. Then she made the
comment that she wished it was bigger. This surprised me as it
was already as big as my wrist. At the hardware store I spotted a
vinyl compound used to dip tools in to make them non-conductive
to electricity. I dipped the dildo in it a few times letting it
dry between dips. this way I was able to make it a little bigger
every time she used it. 
    This came to a sudden halt when I came home from work and
found her jamming the dildo into her pussy with all her strength.
She had almost turned her pussy into hamburger. We were able to
cure her with home remedies as neither of us wanted to explain to
a doctor what had happened. The more I thought about it the
madder I got. When her pussy was on the mend I tied her over a
fallen tree in our backyard and whipped her ass with the quirt
till I drew blood in several places Then left her tied there
overnight without fucking her or anything else to let her forget
the pain. When I let her loose the next morning we saw that all
the gyrations she made on the log in an effort to avoid the quirt
had rubbed her stomach on the bark hard enough to cause several
more cuts. She could not sit comfortably for two weeks and
everyday she renewed her promise to avoid anything that could
harm her unless I was there.
    Since we could not continue on our present course of ever
more serious pain without risking a visit to a hospital I tried
to think of a way to satisfy her other big passion of
exhibitionism coupled to pain. I could think of no reason to
return to California and could find no way to get away with it in
our home town.  Just then fate took us in hand.




                        Chapter 13

Fred Dover met me at my office to tell me that his wife just
called to say she was going to pick up my wife to go to a
bachelorette party for Michel, Mike Logans fiancee. The party was
to be held in about three weeks on the first Saturday of the
month. Mike was a new lawyer with our firm with a reputation as a
swinger. Fred said he had talked with all our friends and
everyone agreed that we should have a bachelor party for Mike the
same night. Since I had the largest rec-room they wondered if it
could be at our house. 
    I agreed immediately as this gave me a great idea to lead to
Louise's and my next adventure.
    When I got home that night I told Louise to stop shaving her
pussy as I wanted her to look as innocent as possible for my
idea. I told her about the bachelor party and how it occurred to
me how we could determine the people who may be interested in
S&M. I explained that I would go through the S&M videos we had
bought through our sex catalogues starting with mild and working
up to the roughest. I would watch them to see who was offended
and who got in to it. Louise was not sure this would work as our
intelligent friends would not take the movies seriously as they
would assume they were faked, especially the ones that showed
blood.
    The more I thought about it the more I came to agree with
her. I decided to call one of my friends who specialized in
criminal law. I told him about the bachelor party and asked him
if he knew a pimp I could talk to about getting a hooker to dance
at the party and screw whoever was interested. He accepted my
invitation to the party and gave me the name and phone number of
the most successful pimp in town who was also one of his biggest
clients. I called him and made an appointment for lunch.
    I expected him to be flashy and obvious so I invited him to
lunch at my place so no-one would see him with me. It turned out
that I could have had him come to my office as he was dressed
conservatively and had the appearance of a successful business
man. His name was John Lord.
    "John, We are having a bachelor party and I am looking for
someone out of the ordinary. My friends have seen so many
strippers They would be bored with a standard act. I am looking
for a girl who is into S&M or at least can fake it."
    "Al, You have come to the right person. I have a girl that is
so into it I have to provide her with a bodyguard to keep her
from hurting herself so bad she can't work. Right now she is
finishing a four week gig in Vancouver B.C. doing a dance where
she whips herself in time to the music. The act was too rough for
Seattle but ok there. For private parties she strips totally
naked and after the dance. She tells the audience that if they
are mad at their wives or girl friends they can take it out on
her for five bucks a lash.That is the good news. The bad news is
that she gets $750.00 for the act plus the charge for lashes,plus
$75.00 for any kind of sex. On top of this I need a hundred for
the bodyguard to keep your friends from getting too rough.
$850.00 up front and you have the act. You will never notice my
bodyguard. He is white, dresses nice, and will use only the
amount of force necessary."
    " That sounds good to me John. Have her get here about twelve
o'clock saturday the fifth. I'll give you a check for five
hundred up front and $350.00 in cash when she gets here."
    " Fine. You won't be disappointed. I am not about to piss off
the friend of my lawyer who has always been able to keep me out
of the joint."
    After he left I began to make up the guest list, and decide
the tapes I would show. I also made a note to pick up a
conservative bra and panties for Louise for the poker party I
planned the next friday after the party.    
    Anticipation was hell but party day finally arrived. I had
invited twenty five men out of whom I hoped to pick one or two. I
started loading them with drinks as soon as they arrived. 
    At about ten o'clock I announced the movies by saying, "I
rented some training tapes for Mike to show him how to train his
new wife." As the first tape started with mild spankings, a lot
of the guys hooted and said, You for sure, have to give wives a
spanking somewhere along the line." Everyone agreed but as the
tapes got rougher about fifteen of them started wandering off
either from lack of interest or disgust. Still to my surprise
there were still nine guys paying rapt attention to the last
movie in which the girl was whipped till she bled and appeared to
lose consciousness.
    Shortly after the live act arrived. The guys did not think
she was hurting herself at first, but it soon became obvious as
her skin turned red and her breasts jumped at impact that she was
really inflicting some pain. Most of the guys came back for the
act but most thought it was sick or at least made a point of
saying so possibly just for appearance sake. 
    When she made the offer to accept lashes from the audience
six of them bought from five to fifteen lashes. Fred Dover bought
ten, Mike Logan bought ten, John Birch and Ben Adams bought
fifteen, and John Larson bought twenty. others bought from 2 to
five. 
    From watching their reactions as the girl twirled to have the
lashes hit all sides of her body, I decided to pick Fred Dover,
Mike Logan, John Birch and Ben Adams for Poker. I eliminated the
others because they did not seem to be doing it for sexual
satisfaction. Most were on a power trip or in John Larson's case
it seemed to be rage. I found out later his wife had left him.
The other clincher was that my four had spent another $75.00 for
blow-jobs to relieve their obvious excitement.
    I could hardly wait to tell Louise what I had discovered
about our friends. It turned out she had exciting news of her
own.




                           CHAPTER 14

    It seemed the bachelorette party turned into something of an
orgy. The girls had quite a bit to drink, arranged for a male
stripper and also showed porn movies including a few with bondage
and spanking. Michel,of course, received a lot of sexy underwear,
nighties, and what became most important, an electric dildo, and
a thonged whip for Mike to keep her in line.
    As the night wore on most of the women left while they were
still sober enough to drive or to make sure they would be home
when their husbands got home so they could check them for signs
of having sex at my party.
    By one A.M. Louise, Michel, Linda Dover, and Joan Adams were
left. At this point Linda told Michel that she should model her
new clothes. Michel readily agreed. She posed in all kinds of
lewd poses and as a finale used the dildo while wearing her
crotch-less panties. She became very sexually aroused and so did
the rest of the women.
    At that point Linda said, " Wow! You are really getting
slutty. Do you remember what happened when you got slutty when
you were in the sorority?
    "God yes! You guys must have given me hundreds of swats the
first couple of years. And that was just for too sexy clothes, or
teasing boys. If you had known what happened on some of my dates
I probably would not have been able to sit for a week. The funny
thing about that is I never minded the swats. They relieved my
guilt. I sometimes went out of my way for them. Come to think of
it, I have a lot of guilt to get rid of before I marry Mike. It
is too bad we don't have a paddle so I could feel pure and you
guys could relive the moments you seemed to enjoy."
    Louise said, " We don't have a paddle but we do have the
thonged whip Mary gave you for a joke."
    " Oh yea." Michel picked up the whip and ran it through her
fingers. She then hit her thigh with it. It obviously excited her
as she shakily said, " I don't think it would bruise me it feels
pretty soft. I used to get ten swats at the sorority didn't I?"
    " Yes," Joan agreed, but it has been a long time and that
won't hurt near as much as the paddle. You probably should get
about ten from each of us."
    " I have an idea. We will let fate decide. I'll roll the dice
and accept five times the roll. If I get two I'll get ten total."
    "That won't work," Joan argued." There are three of us if the
number can't be divided by three we will have a different share."
    " O.K. then We will just go up to the next number to make it
work out evenly."
    All agreed to this solution so Michel threw the dice. She
rolled eleven.
    "God I didn't think I would be that unlucky. How does that
work out?"
    Joan was the math whiz. She said, " You will have to go to
fifty-seven. Nineteen apiece."
    " I can't take 57 all on my butt. We will have to spread them
around but, I don't want them on my back or low on my thighs
since all my dresses are backless and have short skirts. I don't
want anyone to see the marks."
    Joan as usual the math whiz said," All right, we could each
give you four on your butt, four on your thighs,four on your
stomach, four on your breasts, and since you are so naughty three
on your crotch."
    "Al. I was amazed to hear Michel say, 'Jesus that sounds
painful but exciting too. I don't want to look like a fool
running around while being whipped. We will have to figure out a
way to tie me so you can get to all the areas."
    "I had thought of that and suggested we loop some panty-hose
around her ceiling fan as I knew they were firmly attached. We
had her get on a chair to be tied. When we took the chair away
her toes were just touching the floor. She looked so great with
her belly flattened and her breasts so high and proud when we
took off her strapless bra and panties."
    " Then Joan said, 'We aren't going to get much of a shot to
her inner thighs or crotch with her legs so tight together."
    " Jesus Al, I couldn't believe my ears when Michel said,' You
could tie my legs to the ottoman."
    " That ottoman is about three feet wide. When we got over our
shock and tied her to it all her weight was supported by her
arms. She let out a gasp but I think it was excitement not pain."
    " She has a really cute pussy. She had it bikini waxed so
there was just a little Hitler moustache at the top."
    " We admired her body and complimented her as we odd-manned
to determine our turns."
    " Linda was first and gave her some hard lashes to her butt
and thighs but just medium ones to her stomach and light ones to
her breasts and pussy."
    " Michel was panting a little and there were tears in her
eyes but she made no protest or screams. When Joan asked her if
she wanted to take a break she just shook her head."
    " Joan really got into it. She left some pretty good welts on
her butt, and when she hit the thighs she gave her two cuts to
the inside of her left thigh then two to the inside of the right.
This must have really hurt as Michel began to moan and sob. Joan
asked again if she wanted to take a break. Again Michel just
shook her head. The blows to her stomach were just hard enough to
make it red but when she got to her breasts she hit them one at a
time and really made them jump. The three to her pussy was across
the lips with the very end of the whip making contact."
    By this time I could tell by the way she was panting and
pulsating that she was near orgasm so I started right in. I
brought the ones to her butt up from the floor like you do so the
center thong was connecting with her anus. I hit the inside of
her thighs just below her pussy and when I started on her stomach
she was pumping her hips back and forth. On the fourth stroke
across her nipples she screamed! I asked her if that was enough
but she just moaned 'No. No.' I brought the three to her pussy up
from the floor and she had a massive orgasm. Even after we let
her down to the floor she kept her arms stretched above her head
and her legs wide apart while pumping her ass up and down."
    Linda seemed quite upset and kept apologizing and asked Joan
to take her home. I am sure Joan would have liked to stay but was
obligated since she had brought her there, to take her home. Joan
thanked Michel for the thrilling night. Linda seemed shocked as
they left.
    I knew, of course, how great it was to have a soothing lotion
caressed on the welts. As I expected, this made her horny again
and we ended up in a "69" after she ripped off my panties. 




                           CHAPTER 15

    When we calmed down we had a drink and a cigarette. Michel
asked me to take off my clothes as it embarrassed her to be naked
while I was fully dressed. I was quick to comply as my clothes
seemed much too tight and confining.
    Michel said, " I guess you know I had orgasms while I was
being whipped. I have been excited by pain for a long time. It
started when I was little and playing with my cousin and his
friend. I was always the captured Indian, or spy. At first they
just tied me up. Later they said they had to take off my clothes
to search me by sticking their fingers in my pussy. When I never
protested they started spanking me with their hands 'to make me
talk.' When I still did not complain they went on to willow
switches. They began to concentrate on my stomach and pussy and
when I began to grow breasts they hit them. I never felt much
pain. It would hurt at first, then just became exciting. It would
probably have gone on forever if my dad had not been transferred.
After I moved I was at the age where boys did not want to play
with girls. I thought I had grown out of it until I got into the
sorority and got my first swats. Unfortunately just as I was
turning the pain into excitement the session would be over. There
was one time though when Joan caught me getting laid on the
sorority lawn. Do you remember? She said I was an embarrassment
to the whole sorority and had to crawl through all the girls legs
while they gave me swats. I wanted to be naked for it but It was
best I wasn't as my panties were soaking wet when I was through.
Someone would have noticed how wet I was. Do you think I need a
psychiatrist. You must think I am a real pervert."
    " No, not at all." I said, " I think that sort of thing turns
on a lot of people. They just don't want to admit it. It turns me
on when Al whips me."
    "Really! Do you think it would turn you on if a girl hit
you?"
    "I don't know. I have never been whipped by a girl. Would you
like to try it?"
    " I would like to relive vicariously what the little boys did
to me. Also it may explain why they got so excited."
    " It might be all right. What would you do?
    " They used to take me out to the woods and tie me to two
trees so I was stretched in an 'X' shape. Then they would hit my
butt and front with willow switches."
    " How many lashes?"
    "Well that was a gamble. I would draw three cards out of a
deck. Two through ten was the face amount jack through ace was
eleven to fourteen. I usually got around twenty."
    " Tonight you got fifty-six with a whip. To be fair I will
take twice the draw."
    " God Louise, You are really brave. I never planned to get
fifty-six it just happened. You could get lucky though and only
get twelve."
    " Yes, you're right. I will take a minimum of thirty."
    " All right! I am getting excited already. Even if I don't
get off from switching you I will just because I know what you
are feeling."
    I drew the cards and got an eight, a jack, and a king for
total lashes of sixty-four.  I only had to take about fifty
though as Michel came so hard she collapsed. I passed out as
well. I don't know how long I hung there, but it was almost light
when Michel let me down.
    " I'll show you the marks."
    At that Louise stripped. There was no way to count the
stripes as they were overlapped and concentrated on her breasts,
stomach, and pussy. There were only about ten on her butt. It
made me mad as I wanted her body pristine for the poker game and
the welts were really red and raised. I was not sure they would
heal in time for the game in ten days.
    "God dammit Louise, you promised I would be there if you were
going to be punished. You know I don't even want you to hurt
yourself unless I am there.You always get carried away. You are
lucky you aren't a bleeding mess. I realize this was a special
occasion, but you told Michel I was into S&M. You could have
called me to come over."
    " Yes I know Darling. I couldn't call you when the other
girls were there. When they left every thing happened too fast
and I was too excited. Aren't you happy that we have another girl
to play with?"
    "It won't do us any good unless we can get Mike into it.
Thank God he will be out of town until the day of our poker
party.
    " You never explained what was going to happen at the poker
party. What has poker got to do with me getting punished?"
    " This is why I am having you let the hair grow on your
pussy. On the night of the party I want you to look as straight
as possible. You will be our bar maid. I want you to look sexy
but not flashy. I thought shorts, a half-shirt, the J.C. penney
bra and panties and high heels would do the trick. The outfit
will show off your great legs and flat stomach without being
obvious. Sooner or later as they have a few drinks I am sure one
of them will compliment me on my beautiful wife. At that point I
will be drinking straight Fresca at a fairly fast rate acting as
if they were gin and tonics. When I get the compliment I'll brag
about your great breasts and suggest we get you to serve us
topless. They will either agree or say you would never do it.
When I tell you we agreed you should be our topless bar maid you
will of course object. I will remind you that you like to gamble
and that we will play a hand of cards. If you win I'll get you
those diamond ear-rings you wanted. If you lose you serve us
topless. You will say that you couldn't, even if you wanted to,
as they would tell their wives and they would never talk to you
again. At this point if they don't promise to keep quiet on their
own I will push them to promise not to talk."
    " You are going to love this, You not only will get the
audience that turns you on but an audience that will be
participating."
    " I still don't get it. Being topless in front of them would
turn me on, but where does punishment fit in?"
    " I wasn't finished. When you lose the shirt and bra, You say
that you want to go double or nothing. I'll remind you that you
can't go double as you have lost three things, the earrings, your
shirt and your bra. All you have left is your shorts and panties.
Since you are trying to welch on your bet you will have to bet
three things. Since you are being naughty you will have to bet
your shorts, panties, and ten swats."
    You will hesitate then agree saying you have never lost twice
in a row. When you try to go double again I will limit you to
three and set a time limit. I want you to lose at least four
times then you can win a few so it won't look like a set up."
    Louise became more and more excited as the game got closer.
She was begging me to punish her but I used every bit of
willpower to limit her punishments to pinching her nipples,
pulling her pussy hair, and sticking pins in her pussy where the
marks would be hidden by hair." 




                         Chapter 16

    Finally, the game was on. Everything went as planned.
Everybody promised to keep their mouths shut. Fred was very
convincing when he said, " We could not tell if we wanted to. Our
wives would be pissed off that we participated."  Everyone agreed
and Louise sat down to play. I had drilled Louise on what cards
to throw away to almost guarantee a loss. At her second loss I
gave her a stack of red chips, a color we were not using in the
money game and told her to put her bet out on the table.
Unfortunately it began to look as if she would never win and she
was owing so many swats I was afraid the guys would feel sorry
for her and let her off the hook. Finally she won a few hands and
on the last hand when she wanted to bet six chips which would
take her down to twenty swats, the guys objected. I thought this
was a good sign as they did not want to take the chance she would
win. They finally agreed when I reminded them she had won four in
a row and her luck should be running out. If she lost she would
owe us one hundred forty swats. When Mike won the last hand he
whooped and high-fived with every body. I thought this was a good
sign as it was now pretty obvious no-one would let her off the
hook.
    
    I said, "Good idea. Now I think you should get undressed and
serve us a drink while we decide what to do."
    " Alright. If you want to put on some music I'll give you an
amateur strip tease."
    Mike and Fred went over to the stereo, picked out a song with
a good beat and started it up. Louise, did a good job. They all
got horny and when she bent over and wiggled her butt at them
giggling, "Do you think you can hit this target?" They cheered
and said they would cover every inch now convinced she would not
try to back out. I noticed the guys could not keep their hands
off her while she served drinks while they complimented her on
her firm body. 
    Ben adams fooled me by saying, " This has been a lot of fun,
but lets get real. There is no way she can take  one hundred
forty swats. It would entirely ruin her ass." 
    I realized then just how much she wanted to have the extra
thrill of many participants more than once when she interjected,
" I agree. However, Al can tell you I have never welshed on a
bet. Do I have to take them all at once? How about four sessions
at thirty-five each. I could take that if you spread them around.
When I got older my dad used to switch me with willow branches.
That way he could hit my thighs and stomach as well as my butt so
I could sit down at school."
    Every body agreed that this would be a great solution with
everyone getting to give seven swats per session so she would not
be hurt too badly and that they would be able to do it more than
once. Ben and John complimented her on her bravery.
    Louise wanted to add one more condition saying, " I am not
all that brave, I am sure I can't just stand still for all those.
I think you guys should figure out some way to tie me so I am
accessible to the lashes."
I brought them back to the subject by saying there was some rope
in the garage and I had some padded boxing gloves she could wear
so the rope wouldn't cut into her wrists. We could tie her to the
ceiling beam in the rec room. That way she would be in the center
of the room so we could have access to her entire body with a
full swing
    I told Fred and Mike to go out to the garage and look for the
rope, John and Ben could cut the switches while I looked for the
boxing gloves. As an after thought I remembered it excited her to
be outside naked and wanted her really excited for the whipping.
I told Louise to help them find the willow tree and pick out the
five switches. This also turned out to be a gamble as they told
Louise to close her eyes and grab a limb. They would cut them all
the size she picked. I don't know if she lost, won, or cheated
but she ended up with four foot switches.
    After we hung her by her wrists we stopped for another drink
while we admired her body. As usual the stretching made her
breasts lift and her stomach concave to make her look as good as
any model in the magazines.
    Ben spent a lot of time inspecting her body. As he was
pressing and lifting her breasts which Louise allowed with no
protest, and probably with some excitement. Ben held on to both
of her nipples while asking, " Are there some parts of your body
that we cannot switch?"
    Louise paused for a moment then said, " Well I planned to
wear my backless mini-dress tomorrow. I would rather you did not
hit my back above my butt or my legs below mid-thigh. Oh yes, on
my front not above my armpits. The dress is cut a little low in
front."
    Ben retorted with obvious excitement, " It is o.k. to hit
your breasts?"
    " I guess so. After all it is all skin so one place should be
about the same as the other as long as the lashes aren't
concentrated on one area."
    " We could even switch your crotch." Ben added with awe.
    " Well yes.I suppose my hair should protect that area."
    I thought it was interesting that Louise referred to the
oncoming scene as lashes while Ben insisted on the euphemism,
switch. I think this let him carry the illusion that this was
just a playful enterprise.
    I then called them together to say I thought we should each
give seven lashes each then stop to give her a break if she
wanted it. We cut cards to determine our turns. Mike was first
then Ben, then Fred, then me, and finally John.
    Mike said, "Maybe Al should go first so he can kind of give
us the perimeters."
    I wanted to keep the illusion that this was her first time to
watch their amazement when they realized she became excited by
being whipped So I retorted. " Hell I don't know any more than
you guys. I guess Louise will let us know if they are too hard or
if an area is too sensitive. Lets just play it by ear."
    Mike must have been a little nervous as his first two were
more like playful taps to her butt. Louise just giggled and John
and Fred reminded him that this was supposed to be punishment for
her willfulness and bad judgement. She had asked for this and he
should get on the ball. 
    Mike hit her harder for the next two lashes to her lower butt
and the back of her thighs. When she made no protest he moved to
the front leaving red lines to her upper thighs, and stomach.
Which she also took with only small gasps.
    It was obvious Ben could hardly wait to get to her front as
he gave two fairly hard and very fast lashes to her butt and
quickly moved to her front to give two in her pussy hair one just
above and two very close together to the lower part of her
breasts.
    These caused Louise to emit moans but no protest. I could
tell that she was starting to get into it. Ben seemed relieved
she had not complained and sported a hard-on that looked as if it
was ready to burst his pants.
    Fred put all seven on her front evenly spaced from her pussy
to her breasts with the last right across both nipples.    
    By this time Louise was obviously getting aroused as her body
began to pulsate and sweat as she was rubbing her legs together
and making mewing sounds. Even on the last lash which must have
been very painful she only emitted a small yip.
    When I asked her if she was all right she totally convinced
everyone that the pain had been only exciting when she moaned,
"Yes, oh yes! Get on with it I am almost there!
    I gave her two good ones to the lower part of her breasts in
an uppercut that really made them bounce. I could tell she was
getting close as I said, " You are running out of unmarked areas.
Spread your legs so I can get to your inner thighs." 
    The guys cheered when she slowly opened her legs. I hit the
upper inside of her right and left thigh then brought one up from
the floor between her ass cheeks to connect with her ass-hole.
She screamed at that one and snapped her legs shut. I walked to
her front and waited a moment for her to settle down. When she
realized I was not hitting her she slowly spread her legs again.
This time even wider. The guys cheered again.
    I brought four up from the floor fairly rapidly with two on
each lip of her pussy.
    She was obviously going into orgasm as she pushed her pelvis
back and forth with her legs clenched. Pussy juice was starting
to run down her thighs.
    John immediately stepped up and evidentally liked the way her
boobies bounced when hit as he gave her two hard ones to their
bottoms then one on each nipple. These made her scream and tears
come to her eyes but everyone was too far gone to show sympathy.
John pulled her legs apart and seemed pleased when she left them
open.  He then proceeded to give her four lashes up and down to
the center of the lips. On one upper stroke the switch
disappeared between the lips to make her shudder then moan and
rub her legs together obviously in orgasm until she slumped in
her bondage.
    By this time it was obvious to everyone that she was in the
throes of orgasm. Mike was so excited he was stuttering," Wowow
who would believe someone could come from being whipped."  
    I said " It goes back a long way. Didn't you ever read the
Marquis de Sade." I am just surprised someone as straight-laced
as Louise would get into it." 
    " Yea really." Ben responded, I remember she was the only one
who showed up at our pool party in a one piece bathing suit, and
then she wore a robe most of the time."
    We had a drink while Louise calmed down. When she was just
hanging quietly I went to her and said, " You seemed to handle
that well. Maybe we should give you your second session tonight."
    This part was not planned. Louise pleaded " No, Please no
more tonight! I'll fuck and suck all of you if you won't hit me
any more tonight."
    We all had painful hard-ons so were quick to agree. I laid
down on my back while she got on top of me, Mike pushed her
forward and jammed his dick up her ass while Fred turned her head
to stick his dick in her mouth. The remaining two took her hands
and put them on theIr dicks. From then on we switched positions
till none of us could get it up again.
    When we were all completely sated we lovingly rubbed lotion
on her welts. The skin was not broken anywhere even the hard ones
to her pussy and ass-hole. In spite of this Ben seemed shocked
over the condition of her body and said, " Louise, We will
understand if you want to call off the rest of your debt."
    " No! This was the most exciting night of my life. I just
feel guilty over my reaction. The next time I want twice as many
so I can feel the pain the way I should. I will feel better about
myself if I don't enjoy it so much. I have always been repressed,
now look at me. I love being naked to let you see me and I fucked
and sucked all of you.I feel like a slut, and deserved being
treated like one."
    Everyone used all their legal skills to convince her that she
was all right. And that this may have been the best thing that
ever happened to her as it would relieve all those years of guilt
about sex. Ben reminded her that the Bible had passages about the
penitents who whipped themselves to relieve their guilt. Fred
told her he had defended a pornographer who mailed over a million
S&M magazines every month. There had to be millions just like
her. All agreed that a few more sessions may relieve her guilt
then she would feel pain instead of excitement. When that time
came we would call off further sessions and celebrate.
    Louise nodded," You guys may be right. My shrink has told me
for years I should not feel guilty over sex but he was never able
to do anything about it."
    By this time it was getting very late and we were all beat.
Louise went to bed while I said goodnight to the guys.
    Mike hung back till the others left then said, " You are a
lucky guy Al. I have had daydreams since I was a kid about a good
looking woman who would let me do anything I wanted. My favorite
movie is 'The Story of O."
    " Who knows. Maybe Michel wouldn't mind a little sexy pain."
    " You might be right. One time Michel was so late for a
dinner date we lost our reservation. She had me give her a
spanking for it. It wasn't very hard but we had great sex later."
    " Speaking of that tonight was a godsend for me. Michel and I
have not had sex since the bachelor party. She says she wants us
to be super horny for the honeymoon."
    I was sure this was really just to hide the marks from the
bachelorette party but I just said, " Maybe you'll get an excuse
to punish her on the honeymoon."
    Louise had harder sessions in the past so she was fine in the
morning and looking forward to the next session in two weeks.    




                           Chapter 17

    In the next session Mike would be on his honeymoon so there
would be just the four of us.
    I decided since the first session had gone so well I would
get a little more elaborate for the second. First of all I began
plucking hair out of her pussy as foreplay for sex as we had both
missed the look and feel of her totally nude pussy.
    That night none of them wanted to be late. All three cars
pulled into the driveway within seconds of each other. As soon as
they walked in they started looking around for Louise. I told
them they would see her in a minute but that I would make drinks
while I explained some differences in this session. They all
looked disappointed as they assumed the changes would be less
exciting. They brightened up when I told them that Louise had
decided to take a double session as a test but since seventy did
not work out evenly for four people  I agreed to sixty eight for
this session which would give us seventeen apiece and  forty for
the last with Mike getting the extras to make up for missing out
on this one.  Then I said.
    " As to the other changes it will be easier to show you than
tell you about them. Follow me to the rec room."
    They were obviously impressed when they walked in and saw
Louise tied in an "X" position with her legs about four feet
apart. She was obviously stretched as the muscles in her stomach
and the tendons of her inner thighs were in bold relief. I had
brought out the leather padded cuffs.
    " She is wearing the ball-gag at her request so her screams
if she makes them would not stop us. We will be using these thong
whips as she felt they would spread the pain and leave lesser
welts than the switches."
 She was holding two thong whips looped over a small chain going
to paper clamps on each nipple which were stretched to their
maximum. The third whip was hung over a small chain going to
clamps on each pussy lip. The lips had pulled out and the bent
over whip had settled into her pussy slit to pooch out around it.
It was obvious it was pressing on her clit.You could see by her
rapid breathing and occasional shudders that made all the whips
move that the pain of the clips and the anticipation of her
whipping had made her excited.
 I explained,
    " Louise asked if we would give her Thirty-six, nine each, at
the first part and then to speed up the session on the end by
three of us lashing her pussy, breasts and butt at the same time.
We will cut cards for the end with high card taking the pussy,
next card the breasts and next her butt. Low card will provide
the cadence."
    They stared at her awestruck and again they all wanted to
feel her body and especially the shaved pussy, commenting on how
soft and pretty it was and how it made her both extra naked and
like a young innocent girl at the same time. Her little gasps as
they tugged on her nipple clamps and pressed the lower whip into
her slit added to their excitement.
    When Ben felt her pussy he discovered it was wet and said in
awe, "My God. She is excited about this! We don't have to feel
guilty about hurting her. She wants it!"
    All agreed with my plan, with Ben saying, " God yes, Lets get
on with it!" and Fred saying, With my luck I'll be counting
cadence."
    As it turned out I ended up as cadence counter which I did
not mind as it would give me the control to speed the lashes as
they progressed as I knew this would take her over the top.
    They went over to her to remove the clamps to get their whips
causing new gasps as blood returned to the pinched skin.
    Ben was first and it became obvious no-one would be wimpy
this time as he concentrated all his nine lashes on the sensitive
area of her inner thighs, her breasts and pussy. When Fred did
the same I was afraid she would come too soon  so I placed mine
on her butt, the back of her thighs and her stomach. John had
caught on to the technique to get her off starting with fairly
easy uppercuts to her pussy increasing the speed and severity to
the end. It was obvious to everyone she was in full orgasm as Ben
said, " I can't wait to the end," and buried his prick in her
pussy. Fred looked at me and when I just nodded he dropped his
pants and stuck his dick in her ass. She moaned and gasped
through her nose as they jerked her hips back and forth to bury
their dicks. As soon as Ben came and fell back, John replaced
him.
    They were so excited they came in a short time and Louise was
still pumping her hips after all of them had fallen back on the
couch, thirstily finishing their drinks. Ben asked, " Aren't you
going to fuck her, Al?"
    "No," I replied, " I have something else in mind. Go make us
some drinks while We let her down for a break."
    " When I took of her gag, she whined, " You were going to
give all of them to me at once. I will never know if I could take
them all. I wanted to know how brave I could be."
    " That's all right We will know how brave you are in a little
while. Meanwhile I need to get off. Get on your knees and suck my
dick. I want it all down your throat!"
    Without protest, she went down and was able to swallow the
whole thing with only a few gag responses." The guys drank and
cheered us on till I came down her throat and had her lick any
excess come off my dick and balls.
    " Jesus, I felt like such a slut. Sucking him off while you
guys were looking on. I deserve to be whipped!" I gave her a
drink while I said, " Since you know you deserve it, and you want
to see how brave you are. On the last part You won't be tied or
gagged."
    " Oh wow! I doubt that I am that brave. What if I run or
scream?"
    " Then. I said, " I will tie you hanging from your ankles so
You can't faint and give you eight more to your pussy."
    " No. If I scream it will mean I can't stand it. To really
test my bravery. I will try not to scream. If I don't, I will lie
on the floor with my legs spread for your eight."
    I did not get a chance to answer as the guys jumped in
agreeing this would be a great test and would be fair.
    I agreed saying, " All right Louise, I am proud of you. Even
if you don't make it. I know we all appreciate the guts it must
take to make the offer."
    Louise said, " Would it be okay if I just held on to the
ropes. I think it would help."
    No-one objected as she walked to the ropes hanging from the
ceiling reached up as high as she could and held on as she spread
her legs to bring tension to her body."
    I knew how she liked it so I started the count slowly. The
first triple lash created a "splat" that echoed in the room. I
increased the speed while they made them harder. On the last one
she made a " yip."
    I asked, " Was that a scream?" In answer she let herself down
on the floor and spread her legs. 
    The guys were in awe as Ben said" Don't be too hard on her."
and the others agreed.
    They were even more impressed as she lifted her hips to meet
the lash all the way to the end.
    Fred said " She deserves a reward for that!" And started
lapping her pussy. Ben and John started kissing and licking her
breasts. As I kissed her she stuck her tongue out so deep I
almost choked.
    Finally she whined, " Please no more. I can't come anymore!"
    I went to get us some well needed drinks. By the time I got
back Louise was sound asleep. We took her to bed and put lotion
all over her by now red and welted body. She never knew it as she
just made small moans in her sleep as we turned her over.
    Ben said, " This has been fantastic. The only bad part is it
is ruining my sex life at home. It is really hard to get excited
over straight sex anymore. The only way I can get it up is to
fantasize about whipping the wife."
     Fred said, " You might not have to just fantasize. I
discovered something very exciting about my wife Linda. You might
remember last friday was Linda's birthday. I gave her some nice
presents along with one for myself. A nightie that consisted of a
white sheer g-string and a half top of the same material.You
could read a phone book through the material. I saved this for
last. 
    When she had opened the other presents she said,' I don't
really deserve all these. I have not been that good of a girl.'
Evidentally that reminded me of our sessions as I told her that
her birthday spanking would make up for the times she was bad.
She replied, ' Yea sure.' which I took as a sarcastic answer as I
handed her the last present. When she took it out she said, 
 ' Wow, I guess this is one I won't be showing to Mom. I suppose
you would like me to model it for you.' I was quick to agree and
she said, ' Then lets do it right.' Then she pulled a dining room
chair under our track lights. When she turned out the main lights
it gave the effect of a brightly lit stage in front of me.  Then
she came out modeling first posing as a high fashion model with
the poses changing to more of a "Playboy" mode. Then she came
over to me, took off the top and laid down across my lap saying,
' I am ready for my birthday spanking now.'
    I almost came on the spot. Her ass was bare with just a sting
going up the crack of her ass. I started out easy but as she made
no protest I increased the severity. By the time I got to the
last of the twenty-five  her butt was red as a strawberry and my
hand was sore. Just as I was about to apologize, she got up
kissed me then pulled out my dick and sat on it. I can't remember
her ever being that wet. When she came I began to wonder if all
her orgasms prior to this had been faked.
    As we calmed down I tried to think of something to say to
encourage a repeat in the future. Before I could think of
anything she said, 'Jesus, I thought it may be kind of exciting
to have you spank my bare butt, but I had no idea I would have
this reaction! Do you suppose it was caused by the nerves so
close to my pussy were being stimulated, or do you just think I
am weird?'
    I told her that I did not really care. I only knew it excited
me too and that I was all for it. With that we went to bed and
made love one more time.
    The next day when I got home from work she said, 'I want to
talk to you about last night.' I was sure she was going to say
that the experience was too bizarre and we could not do it again.
After all we had always made love in the dark or dim light and I
seldom got a chance to see her naked. When she said her butt was
so bruised she could hardly sit down I just knew it was all over.
    She fooled me! She showed me a whip she had made by braiding
together leather boot strings as she said, ' I hit myself with
this and it stings like crazy but it doesn't bruise. See.' as she
raised her blouse and pushed down the top of her pants to show
some angry looking welts across her stomach below the navel.
    'If I don't have any permanent damage I thought we might do
some experimenting next saturday, unless you have to work.' 
    I told her I would not work saturday even if the Pope got
arrested for rape. I remembered the salve we had used on Louise
and went to the drug store to get some for her. Just applying the
salve on her butt and stomach was enough to get us turned on for
some great sex. I can hardly wait for saturday. This might be a
more common thing than we thought. Ben, I think you should try to
think up some pretext to spank your wife. It might turn her on
too."
    I thought this was great. Now I knew of at least two other
women who got off on punishment. I doubted we would be lucky
enough to get Ben's wife as well but there was always a chance.
He was definitely going to look for a pretext. At worst she also
had a birthday coming up.     




                           Chapter 18

    Mike came rushing into my office the day he came back from
his Honeymoon. 
    " You won't believe what happened on the Honeymoon. I still
can't believe my good luck."
    He then proceeded to tell me how he had arranged reservations
at the downtown Hilton in San Francisco so they would be close to
all the action. He had set reservations for shows, great
restaurants, and planned to take her shopping during the day.
Instead of this she told him at the last minute that her friend
had given her the keys to a cabin up in the mountains where it
would be private and romantic. The first day and night it was all
right because they never felt any need to put on clothes so sex
was pretty steady. The next day she saw him glumly looking out
the window and said,
    " Are you mad at me for bringing you up here to the boondocks
instead of the city?  I love you so much I want to be your slave.
I don't want you to be unhappy."
    He told her that it was all right and he was happy enough any
where she was with him. She seemed unconvinced saying,
    "I know you are disappointed, and I should be punished. Wait
here I want to show you one of the gifts I got at the
bachelorette party."
    She came back carrying a thonged whip and said,
    " The girls told me to give this to you to keep me in line. I
think I need it now for forcing you up here. What did you plan
for us in Frisco?"
    He told her about the three famous restaurants, the Musical,
and the planned shopping trip he was looking forward to in order
to get some sexy lingerie.
    " That is five things would ten lashes for each be fair?"
    He protested that was too many as she couldn't know he would
be disappointed. She simply said,
    " Well you agree I should be punished. If I can't take that
many I'll say 'Mercy' I may holler and cry but just ignore me
unless I say 'mercy'"
    He protested that they had nothing to tie her with and that
her butt would be so tender by the time they got to fifty she
would never be able to stay in place.
    " No. You don't understand. I don't want to be tied as I want
to prove to you I am willing to have you punish me. I agree fifty
would be too many for my butt. If you spread them around it will
be better for me. How about ten to my butt, ten to my breasts,
ten to my stomach, ten to my thighs, and ten to my pussy in that
order. Remember You will stop at any time I say 'Mercy.' This
will be proof that I love you enough to accept your punishment."
    He remembered that Louise could take harder lashes as she got
into it so he started fairly easy. Michel would change positions
at the end of each ten. She leaned over the couch for the ten to
her butt. She put her hands on her head and pushed out her
breasts for those. She laid on her back over a foot stool for the
ones to her stomach then spread her legs for the five to each
inner thigh and the ten to her snatch. She did scream and she
closed her legs a couple of times on some hard ones but she
reopened them again without being told.
    At he end, of course, he had a such a raging hard-on he
fucked her, then went down on her, and finally fucked her ass
before it went down.
    When it was over he told her how much he loved her and
complimented her on her bravery and that he appreciated how much
she must love him to accept his punishment without complaint. She
told him that only the first ones really hurt, towards the end
she only felt heat and excitement. Her screams and moans were not
as much caused by the pain as her effort to come. She told him
that she stayed right on the edge of coming for what seemed like
forever. The last five to her pussy put her over and when he
started fucking her the orgasms just kept coming.
    " God Al. It was just fantastic. It is even more exciting
when it is your own girl that you are doing it to. Now  my next
goal is to get her and Louise together on some pretext to punish
them at the same time."
    " Since they both get off on it I am sure we will be able to
come up with something. Meanwhile you missed out on Louise's last
session. You will get extra lashes to make up for it."
    " Great. I'll be looking forward to it."      




                           Chapter 19

    The next week Ben came into the office to tell me that he had
talked Joan into letting him give her a Birthday spanking. At
first she did not want to take off her skirt. When she relented
it was easy for Ben to pull her bikini panties up into the crack
of her ass so he could spank her naked bottom. Naturally this
made him super horny so they had a long session of fucking and
sucking. 
    While resting Joan said, " It really turned you on to spank
my butt. Don't feel bad, I enjoyed it too. Except a hand-spanking
to my butt seems a little childish. Michel has a thonged whip
which is much sexier. I think we should get one." When he agreed
she added, " The other thing you should know is that I like to
give lashes as well as receive them." She then went on about how
turned on she got by giving the girls swats at the sorority and
the session she had with Michel. He then told her that besides
Michel, Linda and Louise enjoyed this type of excitement. He then
told her about Louise's sessions. She wanted to know about the
other girls in detail and the stories made her very passionate.
Just before they went to sleep she told him she planned to talk
to the other girls.
    I was a little worried that we were going too fast but
decided just to hope for the best.




                           Chapter 20

    At the next session for Louise the cars arrived together as
usual. I had been told this was no coincidence. The guys always
met at a bar nearby for a few drinks prior to the meetings.
    I was very surprised to find that all of them had brought
their wives! I felt embarrassed for Louise as I had her tied in a
very severe "X" position which had opened the lips of her pussy
and exposed her ass-hole. I went to her to release her bonds. The
men protested but Joan said, " Yes. Do release her so she can
make us drinks. Naturally, she can serve us on her knees as a
proper slave."
    When I had released her Louise started to put on a robe.
Michel objected, " No. Stay naked. We will enjoy being served by
a naked slave. Since we are all clothed you will feel especially
naked which will probably excite you." 
    To enhance the image I put her hand cuffs on so she could
only serve two drinks at a time.
    While drinks were being served Michel started the
conversation.
    " We all want to thank you Al. You have made our sex lives
much more exciting by getting our men into S&M which naturally
progressed to their wives. I knew I was into it but Joan did not
realize she liked to receive as well as give lashes. Linda had
fantasized about it but had never experienced it till her
birthday spanking when she found she loved it. Mary got into it
young as I did, but I'll let her tell her story as it makes me
horny to hear it. O.K. Mary?"
    " I must have been about eleven years old. I remember I was
proud to get breasts. My folks had decided to go to Europe for a
month and my Dad's brother who owned a large ranch agreed to take
care of me. They had two sons just a little older than me. At
first it was a real disappointment as the boys were at the age
where they did not want to play with girls. When I asked to go
along they would tell me they played rough boy games and I would
not like them. Also if I got hurt I would come crying back to
their mother and they would be in trouble. As an example they
told me that their father spanked them with a belt when they were
bad and they never let out a whimper. I told them I could do that
even though I had never been spanked, as I was so desperate for
companionship. They just laughed, but they must have talked it
over that night as the next day they told me they would give me a
test. If I passed I could go along with them. I asked them what
kind of test and as I expected it was to be a spanking. The
prospect both frightened and excited me so I agreed.
    They took me out to their special spot in the woods about a
mile from the house. They pointed out a large log and said I
could lay over it. When I had laid over it one of them reminded
the other that they had to take their jeans down for the
spanking. I offered to pull up my skirt but they said it would
just fall back down in the way and insisted I take off my dress.
I must be a born exhibitionist as I agreed and was even more
excited when they said my slip would have to go too. This left me
only in my little white panties. They were amazed I was getting
boobies and came over to play with them and tickle the nipples.
By this time I was anxious to get on with it and leaned over the
log. They had me straddle a branch coming out of the side of the
log to keep me from moving around. Then they took off their belts
and took turns swatting my ass. At each swat my pussy would rub
against the bark of the branch and my stomach would be scratched
by the bark of the log. I reached my first orgasm at eleven! They
did not realize at first what was happening to me and became very
concerned. They were relieved to find I was not crying so
commented on my bravery and that they would be proud to have me
with them. Naturally, I was found to be guilty of various
misdemeanors and received a spanking almost every day. 
    Their favorite games were either cowboys and indians or
soldiers. As the indian or the opposing soldier I was often the
captive. As the indian they decided I needed a costume so they
glued two little pieces of cloth to a string for me to tie around
my waist. At the same time they read or saw a movie about indians
running the gauntlet. Since there were only two of them  I was to
crawl though their legs ten times to make up for the normal
twenty indians. This angle caused the belt to go between my legs
and contact my pussy which was unprotected by the piece of cloth
hanging down in front. After four or five trips I just stopped
with my chin to the ground and my legs spread. They got the idea
and kept lashing my ass-hole and pussy till I finally fell over
onto my side.
    After this it was obvious to them and me that I liked this
kind of treatment and wanted to experiment further so I suggested
that since I was their prisoner they probably should be trying to
get information from me. This brought on whipping from willow
switches to limbs from rose bushes and puncturing with thumb
tacks to my butt, then breasts, and finally my pussy. The most
painful and most exciting was when they stuck fish-hooks through
my nipples then used them to tie me for whipping or to tie
weights to them and have me ride my horse at a trot.
    They finally cut them off me just before I left. Whenever we
got together they always put them back on.
    Naturally the sessions made us all horny so we had a lot of
sex.
    Finally they went off to college and I never saw them again.
I think I was first attracted to John because of his last name,
Birch because it reminded me of the birch switches the boys used
on me, and his dominant personality. I loved him so much I was
afraid he would be disgusted with me until thanks to you he
decided to experiment.
    Here let me show you what he has done for me."
    She took off her only garment, her dress, to reveal two rings
about the size of silver dollars in her nipples and two rings
about the size of nickels in the lips of her pussy.
    Joan said, " Wow, that must have hurt like hell!"
    " Yes. The nipples are pretty sensitive, but putting them in
my pussy did not hurt as bad as having my ears pierced. John will
have to learn how to wax my pussy now. I think I would shock the
girl who used to do it. I wonder if she realized How much I liked
her to pull out that hair?"
    Joan retorted, " I don't know. My girl sure seems to like
doing it to me. In any case, Al. We decided to share Louise's
fate. We already decided the scenario if it meets with your
approval. Ben and I will give Louise her forty,  Fred and Linda
will do me, John and Mary will do Linda, Mike and Michel will do
Mary, then you and Louise will do Michel. This will give everyone
time to rest up from their orgasms before they become whippers.
    I agreed and we hung up Louise. Her lashes were spread fairly
evenly over her butt, thighs, breasts, stomach and pussy. I put
her on my lap facing away from me so she could watch Joan being
whipped while we fucked.
    Joan kept her legs together which earned her extra swats to
the pussy as they tried to get her legs open. She did not reach
orgasm through whipping but got there big time while being butt-
fucked while watching Linda getting hers.
    Linda backed up to the wall and put her hands on the top of
her head which meant all forty would fall on the front of her
body.
    Fred said, " This is her idea. If she takes her hands off her
head give her ten more to her pussy." She must not have needed
them as she kept her hands on her head even as she screamed and
dropped to her knees with her legs spread for the last ten. This
inspired Louise and I offered my dick for Linda to suck while
Fred butt-fucked her and Louise ate her pussy.
    Mary evidentally wanted a full audience as she waited for all
of us to become sated. Then she attached a dog chain to her
nipple rings. John tied the chain to one of the ropes and pulled
it up till her nipples were stretched and her breasts lifted. He
then tied her hands behind her back. Mike and Michel did not go
easy on her. Especially Michel who concentrated on uppercuts to
her pussy and ass-hole. Of course Mary could not stand quietly
and I was afraid she was going to rip the rings out of her
nipples as the breasts and nipples stretched to alarming lengths.
    This caused a brief halt as we all serviced Mary in every way
conceivable to make sure she would get maximum orgasms to reward
her for the pain she received.
    Mike and Michel had their surprise too. He went out to the
car and brought back a pipe with rings on the end. When he had
the ankles tied to the rings her legs were spread so wide her ass
was only about two feet from the floor. He then put a rope around
her neck and used it to tie her wrists up between her shoulder
blades. To hold her in place he wrapped rope around the base of
each breast and pulled it tight so the breasts were hard as
softballs. Then he pulled up on the rope till she was nearly
hanging by her breasts. She was gasping in pain or anticipation
when Mike said, " She wants all forty on her breasts, inner
thighs, pussy and crack of her ass." The way she was stretched
blows to the crack of her ass would hit her ass-hole. 
    I started out easy but Louise evidentally knew what she could
take as she began to whip her pussy by bringing the whip around
like a windmill making a loud " splat" with every contact. I
concentrated on the inner thighs and ass-hole. Incredibly, Michel
was pushing out her pelvis to meet Louise's lashes to the point a
great deal of her weight was being supported by her by now
purplish black tits. At the end she passed out and was being
supported totally by her tits.
    As soon as we cut her down we were all so excited we began a
mass orgy.
    When we were sated again we applied salve to Michel. Except
for bruises at the base of her tits where the rope had been they
returned to normal. I was relieved as I was afraid she may have
been badly injured.
    When she came to she said, " Jesus. That was the most
terrible, yet wonderful thing that has ever happened to me. I
have never came so hard I passed out before." She then looked
around and noticed all the men's dicks had gone soft. " I must
not have excited you guys much. None of you are hard. I need a
dick up my ass while I suck Louise's pussy for that great
orgasm." She went around sucking on each of our dicks briefly
with little success as we were all fucked out. 
    Louise finally said " I have the solution." As she left to
return with the spiked electric dildo."
    She first worked it into Michel's red and maroon whipped
pussy until it was wet then put it into Michel's ass as Michel
was going down on her. When Louise started to come she jammed the
spikes into Michel's ass and squeezed the switch. Michel was
screaming into Louise's pussy as Louise held her head in place.
    When Michel had recovered she said, " Now I know my threshold
of pain. My ass was already sore from the whipping. The spikes
and electric jolt was just too much. It hurt so bad my orgasm
quit instantly. Don't ever do that to me again!"
    Louise seemed genuinely contrite as she said, " I am really
sorry. I know I got carried away. I'll make it up to you." 
    By this time it was nearly daylight and we were all
exhausted. Everyone found beds with Mike and Michel joining us in
our king-sized water bed. We slept till the next afternoon. By
the time we got up the others had all gone home.
    Michel was obviously still very much in pain as Louise fussed
over her in an effort to make up for the carnage she caused.
Louise again promised to make up for it. Michel just said she
would probably think of something and left with Mike shortly
after breakfast.




                           Chapter 21
    
    About a week later Michel had come up with something as she
called Louise to see if it would be all right for her and Mike to
come over that night. Naturally Louise readily agreed.
    Louise was very excited and curious about Michel's
retribution for the punishment Louise had inflicted on her.
Louise asked me not to interfere no matter how bad it may be
unless she said our password "Mercy."
    To show her willingness to submit to Michel she met them at
the door nude and on her knees saying, " I know I deserve
whatever you have planned. I submit willingly."
    Michel replied, " We will see. I was in too much pain to
count, but I think you hit me at least thirty times with jolts
from that electric dildo. I brought fresh batteries for it so I
think you should get at least twenty."
    Louise had never received more than five but agreed. " I
guess that is fair. Do I have to take them with no foreplay?"
    Michel laughed." There will be foreplay alright. Your pussy
needs to be made sensitive so I am going to give it ten lashes
just to warm it up. If you agree we will get you prepared."
    Louise just nodded so Mike and Michel tied her wrists and
ankles to Mikes spreader bar so she was lying on her back with
her legs spread to the utmost with two pillows under her ass to
push up her pussy.
    Michel gave her very hard stokes to the center of her pussy.
She managed to take them with only whimpers and squeals although
the pain must have been terrific as I am sure at least some of
the lashes had to hit her clitoris.
    As she laid there, panting, she tried to close her legs which
by now must be cramping. If she thought she would be untied she
was in for a disappointment.
    Michel said, " If you can't take all twenty jolts just say
stop. If you say stop however, I am going to insert these five
safety pins in your body to make up for it."
    I knew that Louise had punctured her body herself and also
had me do it so neither of us took this as a great threat. Louise
just nodded again.
    I was surprised that Louise took fifteen jolts that brought
screams and contortions of her body before saying "Mercy!" I
assumed she was just accepting that many to make up to Michel as
the safety pins, although quite large, would have been a relief
after the dildo.
    Michel made us a drink while she allowed Louise to calm down.
When Louise stopped convulsing she told her. "Since you took the
"easy" way out You are not to make a sound while I put in the
pins. If you do there will be further punishment that you in
effect have asked for. I will put in the less painful ones
first."
    At that Michel kneeled at Louise's spread pussy and very
slowly pushed the pin through both lips of her pussy just above
her asshole. She then locked the pin and started on the second
just above the first wriggling the pin as she oh so slowly worked
it through. The next pin was awfully close to Louise's clitoris.
Her eyes were bugging out as she compressed her lips to a thin
line to keep from making a sound. 
    Michel then went to her nipples the slow insertion was too
much and Louise began to whimper and then to scream.
    In spite of this she was having orgasms so again we had a
drink while Louise calmed down. As she began to relax she said "
Will you untie me now? My legs both have cramps."
    "Not yet." Michel replied. "You have been doing pretty well
determining your punishment and I think we will give you another
option. Mike will you get the line."
    Mike went to a bag and brought out some fishing line I
recognized from our last tarpon fishing expedition.
    " Mike while I am putting these on go out and get the scale
and winch."
    As she was tying the lines to the pins she explained how
Louise would determine her next punishment.
    " We will weigh Louise and then lift her by her pins to take
off weight. At the point she says stop she will receive one lash
for each remaining pound on the scale. I hope you don't weigh too
much as I could only take eighty pounds. It works out as women
are bottom heavy. The three pins on your pussy will spread the
strain. Nipples are made of tough stuff they can lift the top
part fairly easy."
    Louise exclaimed " If you can do it. I can too but I
shouldn't have to take more than you. If I do you will have to
match me!"
    This took Michel back and she agreed. " Well I guess you are
right. The amount of weight lifted is the important thing."
    Mike brought in a dolly with a sailboat winch attached to a
block of concrete. Michel made sure the tension was even on the
lines before making a loop and putting it on a hook going to the
winch. Just the tugging to make the tension even was making
Louise gasp. By this time I was totally in to this experiment and
really curious to see what she could take.
    Louise weighed one hundred and five pounds. Simple
calculation indicated the scale would be at twenty five if she
made the goal.     
    I was told to call out the weight as it came off so Louise
knew where she was in relation to the goal.
    Michel told Louise to stop the process by saying stop three
times in a row. Saying stop once would not do it as she may yell
it in reflex before she was ready.
    Mike slowly turned the winch as I called out the weight. The
lips of her pussy and her nipples stretched alarmingly as the
weight came off. Twenty five pounds seemed to be the limit of
stretch. Her nipples were pulled out with her breasts in a cone
shape and her pussy lips were pulled out about six inches. From
this point the stretching stopped and the weight came off. At
forty pounds Louise screamed "Stop." but only once so we
continued. At seventy pounds she screamed " Mercy, Mercy, Mercy."
I yelled at Mike to let her down as I explained that was our
signal she could take no more.
    Louise had lost consciousness by the time she was back down.
So we untied her and cut the nylon lines as the knots had
tightened too much to untie. The pins had all bent into a more
rounded shape. I started to take them off but Michel said, "
Forget it the weight has locked them to the point they will have
to be cut off. Besides Louise may want to wear them for awhile as
a trophy. I know I did."
    I got a cool cloth to bring Louise around and offered her a
triple shot of whiskey which she drank in one gulp.
    We all congratulated her on how well she did.
    "Well thanks, but I probably would have quit sooner if I
could have remembered to say stop three times. Thank God I
remembered "Mercy."
My pussy and tits are going to be aching for a long time.
Actually the pain was not as bad as the fear my nipples would be
ripped off and that I could feel the pins in my pussy tearing the
skin."
    we inspected her pussy and she was right the formerly round 
holes now looked like tiny button holes.
    Louise again complained she would hurt for days and was
afraid they would be infected since drops of blood were dripping
from them.            "Not really," Michel replied. " Mine were
fine by the next night. I brought some anti-biotic cream to stop
infection. Michel gently applied the cream and in a few minutes
she said it felt better. 
    Michel said, "Good. Now we can finish. At least you only have
to take ten lashes on them."
    Mike said, " Why should she have to take lashes?"
    " Oh right. You were out to the car when I told her she would
get one lash per pound for anything under eighty."
    " That's not fair. You could only take fifty pounds."
    Louise screamed, " That lying bitch told me she took eighty.
I could have quit at fifty!"
    Mike replied, If that's true I think Michel should get the
difference. In fact the whole difference of her fifty to the
eighty she was forcing you to make."
    Louise said, I agree with that. Don't you Al?"
    I of course agreed as I felt Louise had enough for one
session and enjoyed the idea of getting to whip Michel.
    Michel pleaded, " Oh no. Please Mike I am still sore from
last night. I'll show you."
    Michel took off her clothes to reveal a very red and sore
looking pussy and several puncture marks on her tits.
    Michel explained, " I went down to pick up Mike just wearing
my coat. As he was driving us back I went crazy and flashed a
truck driver. He swerved almost hitting us and Mike got mad as
hell so I had him whip me with a branch off a rose bush."
    Louise admitted her pussy looked pretty bad and would settle
for twenty to her tits which did not look that bad.
    Mike said, " They are giving you a better deal than I would
Michel."
  When Michel reluctantly agreed Louise asked, " Were you going
to whip me with the pins in or out of my body?"
    Michel looked at Mike then admitted that she had planned to
whip her with the pins in. At that Louise said " Do you have any
more pins?"
    Michel said " No! Maybe we can do it some other time."
    Mike said, " Michel! You are lying again you bought a pack of
twelve. Go get them out of the car!"
    Michel whimpered but went on out to the car. While she was
gone Louise said, " Take the pins out of my pussy. When this is
over I want to fuck your brains out." I got a pliers and was
cutting the last pin from her pussy when Michel came in with the
other pins in her hand. As Michel had suggested Louise asked me
to leave the pins in her nipples for awhile.
    Michel meekly handed the pins to Louise who said, " I see you
are giving me a bonus. There are seven pins here."
    Michel protested, " No! I just brought the rest of the
package. You aren't going to use all of them are you?"
    "Don't kid me Michel. You would have brought just five if
that was all you wanted. Now, lie down and spread your legs."
    As Louise knelt between Michel's widely spread legs Michel
whimpered, " You are going to tie me aren't you?"
    " No I don't think so. Let's see just how brave you are!"
    Michel Managed to take the ordeal of having her pussy lips
pinned together with only whimpers and tears. To our surprise
Louise stopped after the agonizingly slow puncturing of the third
pin through her pussy and told her to get up and get us drinks.
    Michel seemed confused and even disappointed as she gasped, "
Is that it. I owe more."
    Louise answered, " Yes I know but I could tell you were
getting into the pain. I want to do the last before you get so
excited you can't really appreciate it."
    Michel whined, " That isn't fair. You know the longer the
pain lasts the more you can stand. The first part is the worst."
    After Michel got the drinks she was too restless to sit and
admired herself in the mirror and came over to Mike and I to give
us a close-up
of the secure pinning of her pussy. She did not object as Mike
and I tugged on the pins to pull the lips out. Louise noticed
Michel was starting to enjoy herself so told me to lower the X
frame so we could tie Michel to it. We then pulled up the frame
so she was stretched in an "X" shape with her legs and arms
widely stretched upside down. To complete the bondage Louise
tightened a belt around her waist at the center of the "X" to
reduce Michel's 22 inch waist to less than 16.
    Louise then stuck one pin horizontally to each nipple and
then one to each nipple vertically. By this time Michel was
nearly hysterical so Louise made us another drink while we
watched Michel gradually calm down. When Michel's breathing
became almost normal Louise picked up the whip and hit across
Michel's left nipple, followed by one across the right. As Michel
screamed Louise sat down again and picked up her glass.
    Michel then realized the whipping had stopped and cried,
"Louise, please don't do this. It hurts too much. Just get it
over with!"
    " Well if you want it that way we won't count these first
two. Mike can give you ten to the pussy, I'll take the right
breast and Al can have the left. Is that okay?"
    " Do I have a choice?"
    " Sure. I can give you fourteen on each nipple."
    " God No. I'll take the first deal. Only please do it fast."
    With no further ado Mike laid ten lashes right down the crack
of her pussy. In a way I think the pins helped as the lash could
not contact her clitoris although the top pin must have pushed
into it as she was obviously into her first orgasms as Mike
stopped and Louise started. Louise was exceptionally cruel as she
directed the ends of the lash directly to the pins imbedded in
the nipple. I took pity on her and hit all over her breasts
rather than concentrate on the pins. 
    Michel could not lose consciousness in the head down position
but did pass out shortly after we let her down and began to
remove the pins.
    We barely got the pins out before We started fucking Louise
in the ass and pussy while tugging on her nipple pins which by
this time were more like rings.
    We had time to recover and start applying salve to Michel
before she came around.
    When she came around as we were massaging her breasts and
pussy with the salve she said weakly, " That feels wonderful. I
love you all."
    She then looked at Mike adoringly and said, " Did I do
alright, Michael? I did it for you."
    Louise and I were so moved by this profession of love that
tears came to our eyes.
  Mike said, " You did wonderfully love. I can't tell you how
much I love you except that I am as much your slave as you are to
me."
    At that they kissed and held each other as Louise and I told
her how we loved her and thought she was the most courageous
person we had ever known.




                           Chapter 22

    Our next session was totally different. As everyone went their
own way.
    Joan related how in discussions with Linda and Fred they had
found that Ben and Fred were interested in being on the receiving
end. Always the practical one Joan and Ben had agreed they were
spendthrifts and from now on would receive a lash for each ten
dollars they spent on themselves and would split lashes earned
for expenditures for the house or mutual pleasures.  Linda and
Fred had made a list of demerits for everything from sloppy
housecleaning to being late for dinner etc, etc. The first
whipped would be the last whipper to give them time to recover.
    This did not turn Mike and I or our wives on at all as Mike
and I got nothing out of seeing a man get whipped and our wives
thought it ruined the master - slave relationship. The other
problem was that this would make it a pure punishment session for
misdeeds rather than a turn-on for sex.
    Therefore, Louise and I, Mike and Michel, and John and Mary
were simply spectators to their session. To make matters worse in
our opinion they punished areas of the body including the back,
ankles and soles of the feet which we did not consider sexy. Mary
did not actually participate in our discussions as she had
entered the house wearing a ball-gag. We only knew she agreed by
her nods.
    At the end of their session John pulled Mary to her feet and
said, 
    " It looks as if you people are moving backward. Joan only
took twenty lashes and none of you concentrated on sexual areas.
I am proud to say Mary has taken large strides forward as you can
see."
    With this pronouncement he slipped down Mary's coat. She was
nude under the coat and sported two large paper binder rings
through her nipples which would have taken a fairly large nail to
make large enough holes for them to be inserted. When we had
grasped the significance of this he let the coat fall to the
floor to reveal six large fish-hooks through the lips of her
pussy which were supporting large fish weights.
    " This is not all." he continued," Mary admitted she had
started smoking again and asked me to give her three burns to
each breast with a cigarette and then put it out in her pussy.
She managed all this without being tied. She then fucked my
brains out with her burned pussy!"
    " Tonight as a special exhibition she has made me a new
whip." 
    At this point he pulled out a length of barbed-wire with tape
at one end for a handle.
    " She will simply hold on to the ropes for support and I will
whip her with this solely on the front of her body till she can
no longer hold on."
    Mary then went over to the ropes hanging from the beam spread
her legs and reached as high as she could to hold on to them.
    It was carnage! Every lash caused blood to flow and blood was
running down her legs. Just as Mike and I jumped up to rescue her
she let go and dropped to the floor. Louise ran to get wet towels
to wipe off the blood. We were relieved to find the damage was
not as bad as we feared. There were hundreds of small punctures
but the bleeding stopped right away. I suggested that we put on
some antiseptic but John said that the best thing was salt-water.
As he put it on it must have set her body on fire as she
whimpered and unbelievably began to convulse in orgasm again.
    Mike and I agreed that we could not compete with that and
said we would have our session later as we hustled the rest of
them out the door. Mike and Michel left shortly afterward after
saying they would call us later.
    When they left Louise said, " Al, I don't want you to do that
to me, but I have to admit the idea turns me on." 
    " I don't have to tell you. I can show you, now that we know
she was not badly injured." At that I dropped my pants to show
her a blue-steel hard-on which she fucked with her pussy, ass and
mouth till it finally went down.




                           Chapter 23

    As it turned out Mike and I were on the right track. Fred and
Linda's sessions became more structured which led to pure
punishment instead of foreplay and they began to argue more and
more till they got a divorce.
    Joan turned out to be a closet lesbian and finally lost all
interest in Fred as she found more women interested in S&M. Fred
is mainly a spectator now and I don't expect their marriage to
last.
    Mary continued to want her sessions to be so severe that John
became frightened he may do so much damage she would have to be
hospitalized. His other problem was that her body was becoming so
scarred he began to feel too guilty to get horny. She finally ran
off with a "biker" gang. He is afraid she will end up dead and
avoids the news as he does not want to know if it happens. He
also left the firm to avoid being reminded by seeing me and the
others.
    Mike and I have continued to make it work. We have contests
such as the girl that takes the longest to get us off gets
punished, card games, dice, etc. This way there is no punishment
as revenge for anything. Whipping and other punishments are just
used to remind them they are our slaves which is exactly what
they want to be. We keep them reminded of this with the nipple
rings and pussy rings they wear at all times and the dog collars
and leashes they wear at home.
    This brings us to the beginning of our story as Louise waits
patiently for my next command. She and I know she will accept
whatever I may decree in spite of the pain that may be involved.

                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





