BDSM Library - Rachel




Rachel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl is madly in love with man nearly loses him from jealousy and begs to be whipped to prove she is sorry. This leads on to more.
                             RACHEL
                            by allene

    He was everything any girl could want. Handsome, rich, and a
great lover. I could hardly believe that he could want me when he
could have anyone.
    I never felt very secure since women I thought were prettier
than me fawned over him. Although he said I was pretty and that
he had never seen anyone with a better figure I didn't really
believe him. I did have a nice body with my thirty six "D"
breasts my twenty-two inch waist and tight thirty -five inch buns
but there were a lot of girls like me and we always seemed to be
at the beach or parties with beautiful women since he was an
agent for models.
    He didn't want me to go into modelling. He said it ruined
women but I just thought he didn't think I was good enough.
    I became secure in a strange way. While at a party I ran into
a man I had known in high school. It was really innocent but when
Ed saw us together he was obviously upset. I left the man to go
to him and was shocked when he said that he would take me home
because he had been wrong about me. He said that he loved me
because he thought I was loyal only to see me hanging onto the
first good looking man I saw.
    I apologized all the way home and tried to explain but he did
not seem convinced. When he walked me to my door and turned to
leave I grabbed his arm and in desperation pleaded, "Please don't
be mad at me. If you think I did something wrong punish me but
don't leave angry."
    That got his attention, he said, "How would I punish you?"
    "My Dad used to spank me with his belt when I was naughty. It
hurt a lot and I would be good for a long time."
    "That sounds childish."
    "Yes. You are right. I am an adult now and should be whipped
but we don't have a whip. You can use your belt tonight and we
can get a whip tomorrow."
    "I don't think a whip is just used on the butt. That would be
a spanking not a whipping."
    "You are right. You can hit me anywhere that would be hidden
by my clothes."
    "Since you like backless dresses and short skirts that would
limit the area to your butt, upper thighs and your front."
    That really sounded painful and I became a little frightened
but I could not back down now.
    "Yes. I want you to hit all those places to prove to you how
sorry I am to make you angry."
    "That would prove it but I think you will change your mind.
If you scream or tell me to stop I will know this is just talk."
    "No! I am serious about this. I want you to cover all of me.
Hit my butt, my thighs, my stomach,  my inner thighs, and even on
my breasts and crotch if you want to. If everything is not red
you can add more till I am red all over."
    This obviously made him excited and he told me to get
undressed. When I was naked it seemed really strange. We had
always undressed together in dim light. I felt really naked now
in the bright light of my living room with him fully clothed. I
was especially naked because he had complained about getting hair
in his mouth when he went down on me so I had shaved my pussy
completely bald.
    I stood there nervously determined to take my punishment
bravely while he took off his coat and tie then slid his little
dress belt out of his pants. I asked him if I should bend over
the couch or something but he said, "No. I just want you to stand
there with your hands on your head. I want it to be easy for you
to run away if you are not really serious about proving you are
sorry."
    I suddenly remembered the only way I could take my Dad's
spanking was by gripping the arms of the chair he bent me over. I
began to wonder if I could be this brave.
    He stepped by my side when my hands were on my head and a I
heard a "Whirr" then a "Splat!" at the same time a sting and burn
crossed my butt cheeks. It hurt a little but I was relieved the
light belt was not nearly as bad as my Dad's spankings and just
braced myself for the rest. The lashes slowly worked down my butt
leaving a fiery trail then he started on my thighs. I had never
been hit there before and it hurt more, tears sprang to my eyes
but I managed to brace myself for them.
    It was over and he told me to turn around. I loved him even
more when he said, "Do you want to go on? You are crying. If you
want to stop I will understand."
    That made me more determined to prove I would suffer for him
and I told him, "Yes, go on. I want to prove I am truly sorry."
    He told me to tighten my stomach muscles then brought one
across just above my pussy. It hurt but surprisingly not as bad
as my thighs however he slowly worked upwards towards my breasts
and I knew that would hurt a lot.
    It did! When his belt buried itself in my breasts I had to
bring down my hands to caress and comfort them but when he
started to put down his belt I regained my determination and put
my hands back on my head whimpering. "I am ready now." 
    He seemed surprised but then continued causing my breasts to
flatten then pop out with each blow. The last one came right
across my nipples which made me gasp in pain.
    He told me to spread my legs. I whimpered realizing that my
inner thighs would probably be even more sensitive but I managed
to open them slowly until he said that was enough.
    The first lash to my inner thigh just below my pussy took my
breath away. He must have realized that was the most painful so
far because he stopped to let the belt hang as he watched my
breasts shudder from my sobs but the sting created excitement. I
spread my legs a little more to signal him I could take more. He
stood in front of me to forehand and backhand my inner thighs
moving so close to my pussy the belt was brushing my pussy lips.
I began making little squeals but now it was from excitement not
pain. 
    He stopped saying, "I guess you have learned your lesson."
    I think we were both amazed when I blubbered, "No. My crotch
is still white!"
    He began bringing the belt across my pussy and to my
amazement it increased my excitement ten fold. When he directed
the last one up from the floor to bury it in my slit I came!
    He ripped off his clothes to put me on the rug to fuck me,
then go down on me, then turn me over to fuck my ass. I had one
orgasm after another and when he came the first time he did not
stop as he had always done before. I had never seen him so
excited.
    When we had rested he carried me to the bed to hug and kiss
me and tell me he loved me and that I was fantastic.
    He studied my red body awesomely and said, "My God. I really
made you red. Are you in a lot of pain?"
    "No. The sharp pain is gone I just feel hot. Like a sunburn.
It was not as bad as my Dad's spanking. See. There are no welts,
just redness. You really enjoyed whipping me didn't you? I have
never seen you so excited."
    "I feel bad about hurting you. It was the fact that you loved
me enough to submit to it that was so terribly exciting. Every
man dreams of having a love slave and you fulfilled that dream. I
love you so much! I didn't think I would ever find anyone like
you."
    I suddenly felt secure! He thought I was his slave but he was
mine too. I was sure as he was that those snooty models would not
be willing to prove their love by having their precious bodies
hurt.
    I told him that I loved him so much that I never should have
talked to another man and deserved the pain he gave me. 
    He began kissing and licking my red boobs and stomach which
were already fading to a healthy pink finishing by french kissing
my pussy then licking my clitoris. Before he had just licked me a
little bit but when I took his head in my hands to hold him there
he did not protest and I felt like I was the master. He licked me
until I had a great orgasm then slid up to drive his hard dick
into me to continue my orgasms. It was wonderful and the pain I
had suffered seemed a low price to pay for the love and
excitement I was feeling.
    We went to sleep hugging each other.
    The next morning we woke up both amazed that all the redness
had gone away and the only evidence of my whipping were a few
small bruises where the tip of the belt had landed. I told him
that I was surprised because his belt had hurt as much or more
than my Dad's spankings with a paddle but it had left big
bruises. In our conversation I realized he had not known he had
brought me to orgasm and that my gasps and trembling as my
excitement built up must have been interpreted as just a reaction
to pain. I decided not to tell him I had been excited by the
experience as he seemed most impressed by my willing to submit.
If he knew I had enjoyed the experience he might not be as
impressed by my willingness to submit to him.
    We decided that either my skin was tougher now that I was
older or else the paddle caused more bruising.
    He said, "Maybe we should experiment with different
instruments to see what works best."
    I realized then that my first whipping was not to be my last
but when I remembered that the leather had brought on an orgasm I
was only excited by the prospect. 
    I said, "Yes that might be a good idea. I will try to be good
so you won't need to punish me but if you want to whip me just to
make you excited it will be alright."
    "Really! You would submit to a whipping even if you had done
nothing wrong?"
    "Yes. That is how I can prove my love. It would not mean as
much if I deserved it. If I do something wrong you should punish
me much more severely. Have you ever punished a girl before?"
    "Yes but it was several years ago. It was my introduction to
sex. I was about eleven and used to play in the woods with a
neighbor girl. One day she told me it was her birthday so I gave
her a candy bar I had with me. She said that since I had given
her a present I could give her a birthday spanking like her folks
and older sister would do after her party. I knew what she meant
because my folks gave me a playful spanking on my birthday too. I
expected her just to lay over my lap with her clothes on but she
surprised me by taking off her little coveralls and sliding off
her panties before laying across my lap. I had seen her naked
before from going skinny-dipping but having her naked across my
lap was really exciting. I gave her a little spank but she said
to do it harder because her bottom had to turn red for it to
count. By the time I finished the eleven spanks my dick was so
hard it was throbbing. To my surprise she squeezed it through my
jeans and told me she knew how to make it go soft. She unbuttoned
and pulled down my jeans to sit on it facing me as I sat on the
stump and I felt this great feeling as she directed my throbbing
dick into that wonderful hot wet pussy. I didn't have to do a
thing. She squirmed and pumped up and down until I came with
twice the excitement of masturbation.
    From there we went on to games where she was a captive of
indians or caught as a spy where I would tie her to a tree and
spank her with little willow switches.
    The most exciting thing did not involve her. One day she told
me her older sister had wrecked her Dad's car and that she was
getting a whipping after dinner. She told me a whipping was much
more exciting than a spanking and I could watch if I wanted
because her Dad did it in the barn and there were knot holes in
the wall I could see through. They did it just before bedtime at
nine o'clock so I snuck out and went over to find a good spot.
Her sister had a great body and I was really hoping she would be
stripped for it although it did not seem likely. I was so excited
I had jerked off once before they even got to the barn. The barn
door opened and they came in holding kerosene lanterns leading
her between them wearing a robe over her shoulders with her hands
and arms hidden inside. She was already crying with the
anticipation of her ordeal. Once the lamps were hung up they took
off the robe to reveal her totally naked with a towel tieing her
wrists together. Evidentally there was a ritual she was used to
because she knelt in front of her father and said she knew she
was bad and deserved the whipping but begged him not to cut her.
She got up and went to a wall to bring back a whip with six
leather thongs about three feet long coming out of a handle which
she kissed then handed it to her Dad. She held out her hands and
I understood that the towel was to protect her wrists from the
rope her Mom tied around them. Her Dad brought over a post with
leather cuffs on the ends. when he put it at her feet she spread
her legs so widely the lips of her pussy opened so he could cuff
her ankles. They pulled down the rope at the wall to lift her off
her feet then tied it to a hook. Being stretched with the extra
weight of the post made her body look wonderful her breasts
tightened and rose while her stomach went concave. To this day I
can still see her hanging there incredibly beautiful. He began
whipping her and it was obvious he was hitting hard but she was
very brave and just gasped or whimpered while he whipped every
inch of her body from her shoulders to her thighs front and back.
He must have hit her fifty or sixty times but she never screamed
until he finished with a few up into her gaping pussy.
    It obviously excited her Dad and his wife. She was panting
with excitement and his dick was pushing out his pants. He told
Tammy her little sister to let her down and take care of her. My
thrills continued when Tammy helped her to a mattress and then
began caressing salve on her while she was on her hands and
knees. I realized that the caresses were exciting her by her
trembling and agitated breathing and this was confirmed when she
laid on her back and asked for more salve on her breasts and
pussy.Her agitation increased until she made a huge sigh and
said, "Thank you Tammy. You made me forget the pain." 
    I wanted to whip Tammy the next day but she would only let me
use switches because she was afraid her folks might see the welts
from a whip."
    "When I whip you I will caress you with salve so you can
forget the pain."
    His story both frightened and excited me. The idea of being
totally helpless while being whipped was really scary but I could
see it would prove my complete trust in him not to hurt me badly.
    I gulped then said, "I can see how that would excite you.
Were you ever allowed to whip her?"
    "Yes, but just thirteen lashes. I was hanging around so much
I kind of became part of the family. On her next birthday I was
allowed to join her family in giving her a birthday spanking on
her naked bottom. At her next birthday she told me proudly that
she was now a woman and would get a birthday lashing. Her Dad
said if I promised to tell no-one I could participate in her
birthday whipping. I told him he did not have to worry because my
folks would not let me come there anymore if I told them and my
friends would never believe me. I could hardly wait till the cake
had been eaten. I noticed the thirteen candles and tried to
imagine how she could stand fifty-two lashes. It turned out that
the whip for birthday spankings was not as bad as the punishment
whip with smaller thongs. The other difference was that she was
hung from a chandelier in the house and her legs were not held
open. Her Dad was first and I was relieved to see that he hit her
on her breasts and lower stomach. Her boobs were bigger now and I
had wanted to whip them but I was afraid they would be too
sensitive. I used ten of my thirteen on her breasts and as close
to her pussy as I could. I was afraid they may think I was too
mean but I knew she was getting off on it and knew it was okay
when her mother told her that this would help them grow and put
eight of the thirteen on her boobs. The real surprise was at her
sister's turn. She didn't even touch her butt. She just started
at her breasts and worked down until she got below her belly -
button then told Tammy to spread her legs. She did! then gasped
and went into orgasm while the lash became wet from her pussy as
she screamed in orgasm."
    "Oh God! I know just how she felt! I had an orgasm when you
hit my pussy too."
    "I thought you did but it is hard to tell whether it was an
orgasm or just great pain."
    "It was both but I know what you mean. When you cum you seem
to be in pain from the look on your face. Did you have more
adventures with her?"
    "That was a tragedy. Shortly after that the lumber mill where
her father worked closed down and they moved to Seattle to find
work. I was devastated, her mother's birthday was coming soon and
she would have been forty. I wanted to see how she would react to
one hundred and sixty lashes."
    "Maybe it would be even more exciting for us if I could be
hung up and whipped with a whip like you described."
    "Would you do that for me? That would be wonderful!"
    "Yes. I want to do it. No other girl would let you. Would
she?"
    "No you are a rare girl and I love you for it. After Tammy I
tried to get several girls to let me spank them but they all
refused until you. I will shop for rope, padded cuffs and a
proper whip."
    I was excited all day waiting for him to come home. Our home
was ideal for this. He was in crowds all day so liked privacy at
home. He had bought a house out in the country that had no close
neighbors so I could scream if I wanted to without alarming
anyone. He must have been excited too because he came home early
carrying some large sacks. He said that to make it more like his
first experience he decided to set things up in our garage.
    He hung a pulley from a rafter in the ceiling and two more on
the opposite walls then threaded rope through them. Finally he
put in hooks to tie the ends of the ropes.
    He opened another sack to show me padded cuffs with chains
attaching them together for my wrists and ankles.
    The last sack contained the whip. It was not at all what I
expected. It was a handle with several leather bootlaces about
two feet long coming out of it. It did not look very threatening.
    He seemed disappointed with it. 
    "I did not realize it would be so hard to find multi-thonged
whips. I found a lot of riding crops, and snake-like whips but
they looked like they might cause a lot of damage. I found this
in a sex shop. The man said I could hit as hard as I wanted
without causing much damage."
    He looked at me expectantly and I realized that the ordeal I
had agreed to was at hand. I suddenly had misgivings knowing I
would soon be totally helpless and no-one could hear my screams
if it was unbearable but I also knew that it was too late to back
out now and began taking off my clothes.
    When I was naked I had worked up my nerve and was ready but
there was to be more preparation.
    "Your hair has grown out a little. Tammy had very little hair
on her pussy so you could see the lash hit the skin. Would you
mind if I shaved it?"
    There was just some stubble like a crew cut but I thought
having him shave it would be kind of like foreplay so I agreed.
    He had planned for it. He took a dog clippers out of his sack
and took me back into the house to lie on the floor with my legs
spread for him.
    It turned out to be exciting. The vibration of the clippers
turned me on and even as close as that cut the hair he was not
satisfied and got a razor and shaving cream. Having him move the
skin around on my pussy to shave every hair made me even more
excited. By the time he finished I was near orgasm.
    He said, "You have a beautiful pussy. It should always be
this bare."
    I got up and looked in a mirror. My pussy did look cute.It
was perfectly white with just a tight slit. It looked a lot
better than some other girls with gross black hair with inner
lips keeping it open. I felt terribly naked and my pussy looked
very vulnerable now but I was so turned on I was as anxious as he
to see it reddened and made puffy from the whipping.
    He led me out to the garage and I stood there trembling with
excitement while he buckled the cuffs around my wrists and ankles
then tied the rope from the rafter to the center of the chain to
my wrists and the ropes from the walls to my ankle cuffs.
    He pulled down the rope to lift my arms until I was on my
tip-toes then moved to the ropes on my sides.I lifted myself off
my toes by my arms so he could pull my legs apart till I felt a
pull on the inner thighs.
    He looked at me in wonder then said, "You look fantastically
beautiful. You have to see yourself."
    He ran back in the house and came back with the three way
mirror from our bedroom which he set up in front of me.
    He was right! I could not help feeling proud. My breasts had
lifted and rounded and my tummy was sucked in and tight. My pussy
lips were open slightly and there were dewdrops at the bottom to
demonstrate the extent of my excitement. My face had a look of
pure lust.
    He let me look at myself for a moment then started to move
the mirror out of the way. I asked him just to move it back a
little so it would not be in the way because I wanted to see
myself being hit.
    He picked up the whip and moved to my side to bring it back
for the first lash. I braced myself for the pain.
    It was nothing! Just a little sting with this wonderful heat
running from my butt to my crotch. It continued that way with
more heat and excitement. I actually looked forward to his moving
to my front and when I saw the lash hit across my navel my skin
just shuddered and slightly more sting and heat radiated from it.
When he got to my breasts I gloried in the sight of them
compressing and popping back out reddened begging for more.
    This little whip was much better than the belt since it was
wide enough to cover almost all of my boobs with one thong always
stinging my sensitive nipples. 
    When my breasts were completely red he started back down my
stomach. I watched in astonishment as the whip came across the
lips of my pussy to make them shudder and open. When he stepped
in front of me and looked at me expectantly I just gasped, "Yes.
Yes! Do it."
    He brought up the lash from the floor to bury the center
thongs in the crack causing a fantastic pain and excitement to my
clitoris. I went into orgasm that became stronger and stronger
with each lash until I was so exhausted I let my chin fall to my
chest and he stopped.
    He was so excited he couldn't wait to untie me and just drove
his throbbing dick into me gripping my butt cheeks to bury
himself completely to continue my orgasms.
    I was so out of it I hardly remember being taken down and
carried to our bedroom.
    He went to the bathroom and brought back cool damp washcloths
to put on my hot red skin. That stopped the heat and pain
instantly and I began to calm down and breathe normally.
    He told me that I was wonderful and began licking my clit but
that just felt pleasant after the fantastic orgasms from the
whip. I said, "You are the one who should be rewarded. I have
never, ever, had such fantastic excitement."
    I got up and knelt in front of him to pull down his pants and
began licking and sucking his throbbing dick. I had sucked him
before but only briefly to get him hard to fuck me. I wanted to
give him all the pleasure possible so I licked his balls and even
french kissed his asshole then took his dick in my mouth happy to
have him fill it with his cum. Even after he came I continued to
kiss it and rub it against my cheeks until it began to soften.
    I crawled up on the bed to hug his sweaty panting body
against my tingling breasts and kissed his neck and cheeks until
he began breathing normally.
    When he got his breath he began telling me how brave and
wonderful I was to accept so much pain for him. I felt guilty. He
had never really hurt me. He had just created fabulous
excitement. I remembered my screams and agonized look on my face
in the mirror and realized that he had mistaken my orgasms for
terrible pain. I didn't know what to say. If I told him that the
whole thing had just been a incredible experience he would no
longer be impressed by my willingness to suffer for him. I
thought to make up for it I should be willing to honestly suffer.
    "Thank you. I want to be brave for you but the whip you used
was not the same as the one you saw at the barn. See. There are
no welts and even the red is almost gone. In order to prove I am
willing to suffer for you there should be welts.I can braid. If
you could find some leather strips about the same size as the
whip they used on Tammy's sister I could braid them together to
make a handle. It would be just like the scene you saw except you
would be able to do it rather than just watch." 
    He thought that was a great idea. It suddenly occurred to me
that I must be crazy. He had been satisfied with the little whip
which had only brought me stings and excitement and I was asking
for something that may hurt terribly. At the same time imagining
myself being whipped like Tammy's sister had me trembling with
excitement.
    The next day  he brought home six strips of leather a half
inch wide and about four feet long. It only took a few minutes to
braid the handle which left thongs nearly three feet long. It
excited me to be making a whip that would no doubt cause enough
pain to really impress him. It excited him to see me make it too
and when I finished he led me into the bedroom to make love. He
was great and took his time. Normally I would have a great orgasm
but this time I barely made it to a small one like the ones I
used to get as a young girl through masturbation where I stopped
at the first unaware that if I kept going there would be more and
greater ones.
    I began to wonder if I could only get the really great
orgasms through pain. While I laid on my back he laid beside me
on his side and began sliding the new whip up and down my body
over my pussy and twirling it around my breasts. Just the feel of
the leather got me excited and I said "OOh. These thongs will dig
in to make welts. Would you like to use it on me now?"
    "No. I agree this whip will hurt a lot more. I want to give
you time to think about it. If you are still willing to submit
tomorrow we will try the new whip but if you think it will be too
bad I will just use the little one."
    Again I amazed myself by saying with a tremor, I am sure I
want you to try the new whip. You know the little whip does not
hurt badly and I need to prove I am willing to suffer for you."
    "You are wonderful! We need to decide on the number of
lashes."
    That just excited me more and I said, "I am twenty-one and I
didn't get a birthday spanking. Tammy's sister would have gotten
lashes from her dad, mom, and Tammy. Why don't you give me sixty-
three."
    He was surprised and actually so was I. I knew this whip
would hurt a lot more and was sure if I had stopped to think
about it I would never have suggested so many.
    He again told me how proud he was of my bravery and I decided
I owed it to him since I had not admitted the lace whip had
simply given me pleasure.
    The next day I could not get my mind off my upcoming ordeal
and excitement kept building until I stripped off my clothes and
spread my legs and stretched my arms up to imagine how I would be
as the whip hit me.This made me even more excited and I decided
to see what I would feel later and worked up my courage to swing
the whip around me to feel it on my butt as hard as I could. It
hurt much more than the belt or little whip! The ends of the
thongs came around and crashed into my pussy. The pain was
breathtaking but just that one created so much excitement I
immediately dropped to the floor to use both hands on my pussy
until I had a crashing orgasm. The red marks lasted for nearly an
hour. I did not know how I could stand sixty-three of them even
though not all would hit my pussy and tried to think of a
graceful way to back out.
    When he got home he was so excited at the prospect I just
could not disappoint him. He further lowered my inhibitions by
having me undress so he could caress my body while I had a few
strong drinks. As my excitement rose he said, "I have decided to
add another element. Just in case you never want to be whipped
again I bought a camcorder to record this so I can watch it to
make me excited for regular sex. Do you mind?"
    "No. It may excite me too and if nothing else it is proof
that I was willing to suffer for you."
    He went out to the garage to set up the camcorder while I
continued to drink and caress myself.Eventually my excitement
overrode my fear and when he returned I willingly walked out to
the garage with him.
    He started the camcorder then at the last moment he said,
"Maybe I should whip you while you are free to get away if it is
too much."
    That kindness convinced me even more that I should suffer for
him to make up for not telling him that I enjoyed the lace whip
but I knew I would not be brave enough to just stand there and
take it.
    "No! Please tie me. It won't be the same otherwise and I
don't want to take the chance of not being brave enough for all
of it."
    "No. I want you to show me that you are willing to be
completely helpless for your whipping. If you are, buckle the
cuffs to your wrists and ankles." 
    I paused for a moment as I realized this would be my ultimate
submission since I had been given a choice. I also realized that
I could never complain to anyone if I suffered more than I could
bear. Perversely this just increased my excitement as I said,
"Yes. I want to be completely helpless."
    I buckled the cuffs tightly to my wrists and ankles then
stretched my arms above my head to let him take out the slack in
the ropes enjoying the stretch as I felt my boobs lift and my
tummy sink in.
    He took out the slack to my arms and I noted he pulled no
tighter than I had stretched myself. Then he stood in front of me
and said, "Is that the way you want to be?"
    He was staring at my pussy and I suddenly realized that there
was fear mixed with the excitement as I was standing with my
thighs pressed tightly together to protect my pussy. 
    I moaned, "No." and opened my legs a little. When he just
continued to stare I whimpered and opened them more until I could
feel my lips open and a coolness as the air evaporated the
moisture in my wet pussy.
    That seemed to satisfy him and he brought over a board with
hooks in it to tie my ankles to keep my legs open. I was puzzled
by this since before my ankles were tied to the wall but he
explained. "Now I can turn you so every lash can be recorded."
    I was not sure I would want to see what this new whip would
do to me but I didn't say anything. He stood by my side idly
swinging the whip and said, "Do you still want sixty-three
lashes?"
    "I am afraid that may be too much. I know that whip will hurt
a lot.Would it be okay if I just took ten on my bottom, ten on my
thighs, ten on my tummy, ten on my boobs and ten on my crotch?"
    "It is up to you. In what order should I whip you?"
    Again I had to make the decision. I thought I should be
whipped on the least sensitive areas first in the hope excitement
would let me bear the others and said, "My bottom, my tummy, my
boobs,my thighs, and then my crotch."
    "By crotch, do you mean your pussy?"
    "Yes. My pussy! It has led me to this and should be punished
most of all!"
    He turned me so my back was to the camcorder then said, "I
soaked the whip in oil so it would be softer for you. I want you
to be able to brace yourself for the lash so count to ten. As you
say the number I will hit you."
    I took a deep breath then said,"One."
    There was a "Slap!" followed instantly by a sharp sting that
seemed to radiate from the centers of my butt cheeks. I gasped at
the deeper pain as I realized that oiling the whip had only made
it heavier and more flexible to hug my skin even on the sides of
my cheeks. It was worse than the one I had given myself but
somehow better as the deeper pain stimulated nerves that radiated
to my pussy.I said, "Two."
    This one was just a little lower which seemed to radiate even
faster to my clit and I quickly said "Three!" so there would be
no lessening of sensation.
    This one was a little higher and I noticed there was now heat
as well as sting as I said "Four."
    This just increased the radiation to my whole lower torso and
I began counting faster only pausing long enough to savor the
feeling without losing the sting.
    After the tenth he said in wonderment, "You are fantastic.
Your butt is red and welted but you haven't screamed or cried."
    He faced me and gave me a deep kiss as his fingers dug into
my swollen ass cheeks to pull me into him. I swivelled my hips to
rub my pussy against the lump in his pants and he realized how
excited I was and said, "Do you want to take a break?"
    "No. I don't want this feeling to leave. Do my front."
    He turned me to face the camera and the mirror beside it. I
looked wild! My body was trembling and pulsating and my face
looked stricken as I panted so covered with sweat even my hair
was getting wet. 
    As soon as he was in position at my side I said "One."
    He brought it across my belly-button and I found it was even
more exciting to see the red stripes form on my white skin as the
pain radiated up and down my body.
    I savored the sensation for a moment then gasped, "Two."
    This one was lower and closer to my gash now dripping from my
juices and I quickly said, "Three!"
    I was frustrated when it came across above my belly button
but "Four." brought another a little lower than "Two." Now I saw
his pattern and began counting faster knowing that "Nine," and
"Ten" would be nearly at my breasts and pussy.
    At ten the lashes came across my pubic mound and I went into
orgasm.
    He stopped to watch my squirming, pulsating body for a moment
but my orgasm subsided and I cried "One!"
    He did my breasts differently. He stepped back so the ends
just covered the bottom of my left breast then the top then the
bottom again then the top and bottom then moved to my other side
to make my right breast dance under his lash.
    Then he moved back to my right side as I stared at my
trembling, red, swollen boobs savoring the sensation until I
moaned,"Nine." and the lash came across both nipples. I screamed
"Yes!" to see it again bury itself in my boobs creating an unreal
sting to my nipples that brought on another orgasm.
    Again he let me settle down and when my orgasm subsided he
said, "Are you ready for the thighs?"
    I moaned, "OOh God. I guess so. But I don't want to count.I
can't think. Just give me the rest at about the same speed. Don't
stop until you are done."
    "Even if you scream?"
    "Yes. I should scream."
    He did my thighs one at a time with the lash curling around
to circle it moving closer and closer to my pussy as I watched
and savored the sharper pain.
    Then it was time to do my pussy and he gave it four lashes
diagonally from the right side then from the left. By the seventh
I was in orgasm and screaming but the last two delivered from
behind with the end of the center thong ripping at my clit
brought on an orgasm so strong I passed out."
    I was evidentally totally exhausted because I did not wake up
until the next morning. 
    I woke up dying of thirst. Joe asked me how I felt and when I
said I was thirsty he said, "I am not surprised. Sweat and your
pussy juice was running off you in streams. You were so wet you
soaked the towel I used to dry you and so tired you slept through
the time I was putting salve on you."
    I must have really been out of it I didn't remember being
dried or carried to bed.
    He went into the kitchen and brought back a large glass of
water and another with orange juice. I drank both of them
thirstily. I felt hot  and when I pulled off the comforter.I was
amazed to see my body looked normal except for several small
bruises where the tips had hit. The last time I saw myself in the
mirror my whole front was cherry red, stinging and very hot but
now there was no pain at all, even at the bruises. I began
caressing the bruises puzzled by how all the terrible pain could
be so completely gone.  
    Joe really felt bad about the bruises and began kissing them.
By the time he got to my pussy I had become excited but it was
obvious he was doing it as a duty because his dick was soft. I
reached over to have him straddle my face and began licking and
sucking his dick. We ended up in a great sixty-nine. My orgasms
were building when his dick began jumping in my mouth. I choked
on the load of cum he began shooting down my throat.
    While we laid on the bed hugging each other he said, "I am
sorry I bruised you. I guess we will not use that whip again."
    I did not know what to say. That whip had brought on
fantastic excitement and I wanted more but at the same time I
wanted to keep the illusion that I had only done it to prove my
love and not for my own excitement. I finally said, "At least not
often. Let's just use it when you feel I deserve to be punished.
I could never take it two nights in a row."
    "God you are brave. I expected you to insist we throw it
away. We might want to try different things. The guy at the sex
shop said there was a leather shop in Monroe that had a huge
selection of things for people that got off on pain. Would you
like to go shopping tomorrow afternoon?"
    "Yes. We might find things that are just exciting with no
terrible pain."
    "Great. I am taking tomorrow off because I have another
surprise for you. It will probably take most of the morning to
set it up. I have something else too. Since you had a birthday
spanking I bought you a birthday present."
    He reached down to the floor by the bed and brought up a
black velvet box. It contained a lovely gold bracelet. I felt
guilty again. He had given me a lovely present after giving me an
absolutely mindblowing orgasm. I told him he should give me a
hand spanking for the birthday he missed.
    To my surprise his spanking with his hand hurt a lot more
than I expected but since the spanks were so close to my pussy it
turned into pure excitement. When he finished the twenty-one I
crawled onto his lap to straddle his dick. It was exciting but I
was afraid he would cum before I did so I told him to spank my
boobs.He used both hands to mash them together when he hit the
outside or directly on the nipples to mash them. I went into
orgasm long before he did and hugged him in delight when he
collapsed back into the chair.
    The poor man was exhausted but he had to go to work because
he had an important appointment. I had become a little vain and
really enjoyed being naked. I spent the rest of the day walking
around naked and posing in front of the mirror or dancing to fast
music so I could shake my boobs and buttocks.
    He didn't get home till late. I met him at the door still
naked to show that even the bruises had faded just in case he
felt guilty and might not want to whip me anymore. He was
relieved saying, "I am glad the bruises are nearly gone. I felt
guilty for marking your lovely body."
    I had made a simple dinner of fried rice and salad that would
keep until he got home. When we had finished he said, "Should we
look at your tape now or is it too soon after your ordeal?"
    I had forgotten the tape! I was curious to see if it was
obvious that I had been so excited by the whipping and told him
that I thought it would be exciting even though it may cause bad
memories.
    He undressed then we sat on the couch to watch it while
fondling each other.
    Just as I had feared the tape made it obvious I was a more
than willing partner. His dick was hard before the first lash.
When the first lash hit my stomach I gasped remembering the pain
and he reached for the remote control saying, "Is the memory too
painful? Should I turn it off?"
    "No! Let it run! I want to see if I was brave for you."
    I had not realized that I had delayed so long between counts
at first. That was good because it looked like I was working up
the courage for the next and not just savoring the pain.
    At the lash across my nipples I moaned as I screamed on the
tape and he said, "Oh that must have been terrible. I won't hit
you there again."
    "No. It's alright. Please fuck me!"
    He had me get on my hands and knees so he could fuck me from
behind so we could still see the tape. 
    It was obvious to both of us that the pain had turned to
excitement when he began whipping my pussy and I started pumping
my hips to meet the lash. at the last two my juices spattered as
the thongs went into my pussy.
    By then I was in multiple orgasms and he had managed to stay
hard for more than one ejaculation.
    When we recovered he said, "That was fantastically exciting.
We can watch it for excitement rather than actually whipping you.
I'll buy some more professional tapes."
    "That may be a good idea. It may suggest other ways I can
prove my love for you. I still want you to experience the real
thing."
    The next morning he got up and went to the garage. He
wouldn't let me join him because it was to be a surprise. I was
dying of curiosity listening to the noise of his hammer and drill
but I stayed inside and dressed for our shopping tour. I decided
to wear the silk mini-dress he said was very sexy. The reason it
was so sexy was because any underwear made unsightly bulges and I
left them off. Since it was white you could see the shadow of my
nipples. Now that my pussy was bald there was no reason to wear
the g-sting panties to keep the shadow of my pussy hair from
showing.
    He finished about noon and came in to get a beer and take me
out to the garage.
    He said, "Since you like to see yourself whipped I bought two
more camcorders that I have set up at front and side so you would
not miss a thing. I also put up some more pulleys and rope so you
can be tied in different positions. Let's try it out."
    "Do you want to whip me?"
    "No. That will lead to sex and we don't have time now if we
are going shopping. Just do a strip-tease."
    He turned on some big flood lights that lit the garage like a
stage.I couldn't do much of a tease since the only thing I had on
was the dress so I teased by just sliding up the skirt and
pulling the straps off my shoulders. I felt clumsy and couldn't
really get into it until he said, "Come on Honey. Get sexy.
Imagine there are hundreds of horny men watching you."
    I have a vivid imagination and that helped especially when he
whistled and applauded when I would flash my boobs or pussy. When
the song was over he said, Let's see what we have.
    He rewound the tapes and put them in the vcr to show on our
big screen tv. I appeared almost life size and discovered that
the silk dress was even sexier than I thought. With the bright
lights it was almost transparent. I had to blush at the lewd way
I flashed my pussy especially when the dress was off and I did a
back-bend with legs wide-spread to open the lips enough so we
could see inside. He loved it and I agreed that it would be great
to be able to relive my whipping.
    He said he would edit so both tapes would be on one finished
tape. That turned out to be great. Although my ordeal had seemed
to last for a long time I had been disappointed it was actually
only about twenty minutes. By showing each lash from three
different angles the tapes were much longer and made me look
fantastically courageous.
    I blushed again and asked him not to let anyone else see
them. He promised he wouldn't then said it was time to go
shopping.
    On the way to the store I reflected on the fact that although
my dance had been really sexy it had seemed to turn me on more
than him. I became more convinced that if I wanted sex I would
have to resign myself to pain as foreplay.
    When we got to the store it was obvious that it was special.
All the windows had been painted black and there was a big sign
saying, "ADULTS ONLY."
    When we went inside it was obvious this was not just a
leather store. The whole thing was dedicated to people who were
into pain. There were posters on the walls with girls tied in all
kinds of uncomfortable positions either being whipped or covered
with red stripes. Ropes and chains were on big spools and there
was furniture I recognized from history books as stretching
racks, stocks, big crucifixes, and an "X" shaped frame to hold
someone tightly with arms and legs wide-spread.
    On racks were hundred of books and photo magazines on sadism
and masochism. A back room was filled with every kind of whip and
paddle imaginable.
    While we looked at everything overwhelmed the owner came up
to ask if he could help.
    Joe told him we were a little overwhelmed at all the choices.
    He said, I may be able to help. Have you been into pain for
long, and does the lady receive it?"
    Joe said, "Actually we are just getting started but Rachel
has been whipped with a bootlace whip and a leather thong whip.
The leather thongs were a little too much. It left some bad
bruises."
    "No whip is too much but it takes experience to know how to
use them and there are some whips for the people really into it
that are meant to bruise and even cut. This whip for instance is
called a bastinado. It is made of strips of sharp bamboo and even
the smallest blow will cause razor cuts. It can be deadly in the
wrong hands. Rather than have you waste money on things that may
cause too much pain for the lady to convert into excitement I
think I should demonstrate a few things that are popular with
newcomers."
    At that he went to the front door and adjusted a clock face
on a closed sign. I noticed he gave himself an hour for the
demonstration. Then he picked up an armload of various thing and
led us to the back where he opened a thick door.
    He said, "This used to be a walk in refrigerator. It is
soundproof if she likes to scream."
    I suddenly realized that I would be the subject of the
demonstration. He confirmed this when he said, "What is most
exciting for you? Being whipped on your front or on your butt?"
    I blushed and said, "Both I guess. Maybe more on my front."
    "Good. The "X" frame will be perfect for you. Take off your
dress."
    I whined, "Joe. I am not wearing underclothes. You aren't
going to let him see me naked are you?"
    "It is not our fault you didn't wear underclothes. You are
beautiful naked I will be proud to have him see you and even more
proud that you love me enough to prove your submissiveness to
others."
    He was right. After seeing how naked I looked in the dress I
would have put on underclothes before going in public if I had
any modesty. Even so I blushed like crazy as I slipped off my
dress then stood there nervously with one arm over my boobs and
my other hand hiding my pussy.
    I needn't have bothered they led me over to the big "X" and
my arms were lifted to wrist cuffs on the tops of the big
timbers. there were pulleys at the top and my arms were pulled up
tight to flatten my tummy then my legs were pulled apart to be
locked to the bottom of the posts. Again my body betrayed me. I
could feel coolness from the evaporation of juices in my now
gaping pussy.
    He said. "I will use the pussy whip on her first just to warm
her up for the whips to follow."
    I assumed Joe would do it. I thought it was bad enough to
have him watch.
    I whimpered, "Joe! You aren't going to let this strange man
whip me are you?"
    "Of course. He is the expert. You want me to do this properly
don't you?"
    I just sobbed knowing I had no choice.
    He stopped to admire my stretched body then said, "You are a
lucky man. She is beautiful."
    I guess I am really vain. That made me feel good especially
when Joe agreed.
    He went on to say, "Once she is properly trained she will be
even more desirable."
    He bent over to pick up a whip off the floor saying, "This is
a pussy whip. Even girls not really into pain get off on it."
    He held up a smaller version of my lace whip. I moaned
dreading the pain to come because I had always been really
excited before my pussy was hit. I had to admit just the
situation had me excited but I didn't think it would be enough.
    I was wrong. He began lightly slapping my gaping pussy making
it hit then slide on my clit until I was beginning to tremble and
pant with excitement.
    He seemed detached saying, "It is important to have her tied
tightly so she can't move and spoil your aim. Notice that I am
hitting much harder now but she is making no protest because the
pain is nothing compared to the excitement. She is ready to go on
to greater pain."
    He picked up a whip that looked like a small snake. He hit me
once across the lips of my pussy then across my breasts. It sunk
in and I gasped at the new area of pain.
    He said, "Notice how it sinks into her breasts It should
never go completely out of sight. She will scream if it is too
much but it is hard to tell pain screams from orgasm screams.
When she goes into orgasm I will point out the signs but we don't
want her to have them yet as we have more whips to try."
    He hit me once more across both nipples then stopped and
said, Notice that although her nipples are very sensitive the pop
out stiff and ready for more."
    He was making me crazy by the delay as he made comments. I
was so excited I wanted them to continue faster and harder until
my crashing orgasm. 
He let me calm down a little before picking up the next one
saying. "This one has a fibreglas shaft with a leather thong on
the end. It is versatile because of it's stiffness you can
accurately hit a particular area like this"
    He then made it whistle as he brought the small thong down on
my right nipple. The pain was so great it took my breath away but
when he hit the other one I screamed.
    He said, "That was a scream of pain. It is all right to have
a few like that."
    He brought it between my legs to hit right on my nerve filled
asshole. I screamed again thinking nothing could be worse but I
was wrong because the next went between the lips of my pussy to
hit right on my engorged clitoris. I screamed and bucked but he
ignored me then said, It creates a new dimension of pain by using
the shaft. Normally that is limited to the tough buttock area but
for one we can do this."
    He hit me between my navel and pussy across my body. I howled
again sure that he had cut me from the searing pain.
    Joe said excitedly, "Jesus that makes a horrible welt. It is
dark red and already raising."
    "Yes that is why it should only be used on the butt when they
have done something to displease you."
    I moaned, "Oh God. Please! No more terrible pain."
    "I think she has earned an orgasm. I will use this whip for
that just as a demonstration. If you have caused her too much
pain to cum remember that the pussy whip will make her forget the
suffering."
    The whip he had now looked like a belt coming out of a wooden
handle. He said, "Remember to always hit her with the flat side
if you hit her with the edge it may cut her."
    He started at my breasts and slowly worked down to my pussy
with me accompanying the loud "Slap" with my gasps and squeals.
He said "Rachel! Tell me when you want me to hit your pussy!"
    My excitement kept building as he skipped over my pussy to
set my inner thighs on fire. I was screaming but now with passion
when I remembered what he had said and screamed, "My pussy. Hit
my pussy I am cumming."
    He hit it over and over while my orgasms grew until I fell
silent and let my head drop in exhaustion.
    They let me hang there panting and trembling while the man
continued his lecture.
    "She didn't need to tell us she was cumming. If you didn't
notice look for these signs next time. Her stomach will tremble,
she will sweat profusely. and her pussy will become red and
engorged even without being hit."
    "Now let's stop the pain." He left to come back with a damp
towel. The coolness stopped the heat and pain instantly. By the
time my breathing was back to normal all the pain was gone except
the welt across my stomach from the fibreglas shaft.
    I said weakly, "Please let me down. I am exhausted."
    "Not quite yet. Joe have you taught her to be obedient?"
    "I haven't had to. She has always done what I asked."
    "Yes but she may have wanted it. It is important to have her
obey to do something abhorrent to her. I noticed she objected to
your order to undress in front of me. A true slave will object to
nothing. To obey she must believe the alternative would be
terrible. I will demonstrate. Rachel! Raise your head and look at
me."
    I weakly lifted my head to look into his cold eyes.
    "You are no longer excited and any more blows will hurt you
badly.I have one more thing to demonstrate. I will just hit you
three times. That is alright with you isn't it?"
    I cried, "Please. No more. I can't take anymore."
    "That is the wrong answer. If you give another wrong answer I
will have to give you several lashes on your breasts with the
fiberglass shaft that left the welt on your stomach I am sure you
can still feel. Now what do you say?"
    "Oh God! Please hit me three more times."
    He turned from me to speak to Joe. I will now test her
obedience with this item you should have. It is just a thick
leather paddle but you will notice it has holes drilled in it to
both cut air resistance and to leave painful round hickies on the
skin."
    He turned to me and said, "I am going to hit you on the front
of your thighs which is not particularly sensitive. When you have
braced for it just say "Now." You have thirty seconds."
    He began to count slowly. When he got to fifteen I said
"Now!" Grateful he had not picked my inner thighs or worse, my
pussy."
    It hurt awful. I screamed "Oww! That hurts terribly."
    "Yes. Now that you know how it feels I want you to say,
'Please hit my left breast.' You have thirty seconds. I let
twenty go by before I realized as bad as the paddle was the shaft
would be worse. I sobbed and said plaintively, "Please hit my
left breast."
    It was even worse than my thigh. I screamed then looked down
to see my breast was very red with purple dots where the holes
had let the skin pop though.
    He let me cry for awhile then said, "Let me know when you
want me to hit your right breast."
    It took all my nerve but at least this was the last. Before
he started counting I raised my head defiantly and said, "Please
hit my right breast. You bastard."
    It was just as bad or worse than my left. I hung there
sobbing for several minutes before I stopped and they let me down
to rest in a big chair in the corner while I tried to soothe my
throbbing and aching breasts by caressing them gently. Both
nipples had hickeys on them and were standing out like little
hardons.
    The man put the whips in a sack then they went out of sight.
when they came back the man was carrying another sack.
    They came back in my room and I got up to put on my dress
assuming we were leaving but Joe told me to sit back down.
    The man said, "Joe told me that you were unable or unwilling
to get his dick down your throat for a really good blow-job and
that you had refused anal sex. We have decided to help you
overcome your objections."
    I said, "I can't get his dick down my throat. It makes me gag
and anal sex seems disgusting."
    "You will love anal sex once you have tried it and I have a
skinny dick to get you used to swallowing it. Now get on your
hands and knees. I had learned not to object as I watched them
undress although I was hurt that Joe would let this man use me.
    When the man was naked I saw that his dick was skinnier than
Joe but it made up for it in length. It had to be over eight
inches long. He walked out then returned carrying four of the
little pussy whips. Even though the one used on me just brought
on excitement I cringed at the idea of even more whipping.
    I whined, "Please don't whip me anymore. My boobies and pussy
are still throbbing with pain."
    "Trust me. You will love this."
    He handed Joe a tube of lubricating jelly he began to spread
on his dick. Just the thought of what they were going to do had
excited them. I stared at their hard dicks with a combination of
dread and excitement.
    Joe knelt behind me and I felt the head of his dick pressing
on my tiny puckered anus still sensitive from the whip that had
wrenched it out of shape. He slapped my ass really hard and told
me to relax my ass muscles. I did and felt this stretching
sensation as the head burrowed into my tiny hole. It really
stretched and there was some pain as his dick was bigger than any
turd I had ever expelled and it was going the wrong way. The
front of his body came up against my ass just as the man bent
down his spring hard dick to push it into my mouth.
    He grabbed a handful of my hair to pull my head forward but
when the head hit my throat I gagged so he told Joe to get into
rhythm with him so they were both pushing at the same time.
Suddenly I felt blinding pain on both breasts as he used both
hands to bring the ends of the lash onto my nipples. I screamed
around his dick and he said, "Your tit-whipping will stop when
your nose is buried in my pubic hair."
    Then my pussy exploded as Joe brought the ends of his whip
into it. At each thrust the whips hit my breasts and pussy until
my body was overloaded with sensations. I happened to swallow
just as the man pushed his dick in my mouth and found that was
the secret as his dick slid down my throat until my nose hit his
body. Now I could concentrate on all the sensations and rapidly
went into orgasms. The man lied about stopping my tit-whipping
when I could take his dick down my throat but I didn't care I was
loving the extra sensations of pain.
    The man came first but he left his slowly softening dick in
my mouth until Joe dropped his whips to grasp my waist to push as
much of his dick into me as possible while cumming.
    We just kind of fell to the floor in a heap to get our
breath. When we had calmed the man said we were really sweaty and
took us to a big shower. We washed each other and it felt
wonderful to have their soapy hands running over my body.
    When we left I had never felt so alive. I could feel every
caress of the silk dress as I moved and even the slight breeze
going up my dress to my still throbbing pussy. I couldn't resist
caressing myself on the way home in spite of the fact other cars
could have seen me.
    Joe grinned at me and said, "I am glad to see you are still
turned on. Some of the things he did to you seemed to cause a lot
of pain. Are you mad at me for putting you through all that."
    "No. It is alright. My orgasms made up for it but please
don't use the fiberglass whip unless you get mad at me. It hurts
terribly. I am surprised at you and a little hurt that you would
share me with another man."
    "The key thing there is that I chose to share you. If I
should ever catch you with anyone else without my permission I
will kill both of you. I love you very much and will only share
you when I am sure we will both enjoy it."
    "I admit I enjoyed most of it. There were a lot of firsts. I
have never stripped in front of a strange man before or had sex
with two men and I have never felt as helpless as I did on that
"X" frame. I could not move at all to avoid anything."
    "Yes I liked seeing you on it. I ordered one for you. It will
be delivered sometime next week."
    We agreed that I had received enough pain for one day so we
spent the rest of the evening just licking and caressing each
other and making slow gentle love. It was very nice but it lacked
the fantastic excitement of being whipped. In order to cum I had
to fantasize about being hung from the ceiling in my high school
gym while the whole football team took turns whipping me while
the girls and teachers cheered them on.
    While he was sleeping I dwelled on my fantasy while I pinched
my nipples and rubbed my clit when a memory came out of nowhere
that I must have blocked out for years. I lied about never
stripping in front of a strange man before.
    I remembered that I was eleven years old because my folks
were still giving me birthday spankings and my birthday had been
the day before. I had received my first good jewelry and was
showing my necklace and matching bracelet to the other girls in
class. I had been warned to keep quiet by the teacher and when I
kept talking he sent me to the principal. A lot of the girls
including me had a crush on the principal because he looked like
Clint Eastwood and we had seen his heroic movies.
    He said that I had a choice of five days detention for an
hour or a spanking. it seemed better to get it over with quickly
so I chose the spanking. Then I had another choice to make. he
handed me a heavy wooden paddle and a leather strap and told me
to choose the one I wanted used on me.
    The paddle was very heavy and I was sure it would bruise me
so I chose the strap.
    He said that it might not be appropriate because it was too
light to be used on top of clothing. If I was wearing a skirt it
could just be lifted but since I was wearing a jumpsuit it would
have to be taken off and that might offend my modesty.
    Perversely that appealed to me. Although I was not wearing a
bra yet my boobs were big enough for one and I was very proud of
them. This would give me a chance to show them off to someone I
admired. I told him I would take off my jumpsuit. I really
enjoyed the way he admired my boobs which were bigger than any of
the other girls . I remembered he said it had to be on bare skin
so I slipped off my cotton panties to stand in front of him
excitedly totally naked.
    He gulped and stared at my nearly hairless pussy then said "I
could have just hit your thighs or back but since they are off
you may as well leave them off since you obviously expected to be
hit on your buttocks."
    I started to bend over his desk but he evidentally did not
want to ruin his view because he told me to stand up and hold on
to the bars on his chandelier. I really had to stretch to reach
it and was rewarded by his saying that my body was beautiful.
    I expected him to go behind me for my spanking but he stayed
there and told me to try not to yell as it would upset the office
staff. I clenched my teeth so I wouldn't yell then facing me he
brought the strap around the side of my hip to let the ends hit
my butt. To my surprise it did not hurt too badly and it only
made a small "Slap" when it hit. I realized that no-one outside
with all the office noise would know I was being spanked as long
as I didn't yell. I didn't need to yell it was mostly exciting
and I just made little gasps as lash after lash slapped against
my butt. My clitoris began to tingle as it did when I played with
myself and I began taking deep breaths as the excitement grew. He
stepped closer to me and now the strap came all the way around me
to let the end snap into my pubic hair. This really accelerated
the excitement and when the end came around lower the next time I
opened my legs to let it get between my legs. This really
encouraged him. he sent one more that hit right on the lips of my
pussy and when I just moaned, "Yes," he stopped all pretense of
strapping my butt and began bringing the strap up from the floor
directly on my pussy. My only reaction was to moan and open my
legs wider as I went into an orgasm much stronger than I had
reached by playing with myself. I let go of the bars to squeeze
my breasts which evidentally let him know I had cum. He stopped
and I suddenly felt guilty and ashamed of my reaction. I hurried
into my jumpsuit jamming my panties in my pocket. Fortunately
school was out by then so I could go directly home. My
girlfriends walked with me curious about what had happened. I
knew if I told them I was spanked They would want all the details
so I lied and said he just bawled me out. Mary said I was really
lucky because he had paddled her. June agreed and said she was
lucky Mary had been paddled and had warned her to choose the
strap even though it was embarrassing to have to pull up her
skirt. Both thought it had been a horrible experience which made
me feel even guiltier for enjoying it. I guess that is why I
blotted it from my memory but now it made me feel good to know I
had always been excited by pain. I felt guilt free thinking it
was just something in my genes that I had no control over.
    My body had now healed completely except for a thin purple
line across my lower stomach. I was looking forward to seeing Joe
and wondering if I would ever be able to work up enough nerve to
ask him to use the fibreglas whip on me.
    I was not to find out that night. He had a surprise for me.
He had brought home a dress they had used in an ad for perfume
and wanted me to wear it to a party he was throwing for his
clients. Normally I hated to be around the beautiful models but
now that I was sure that I was unique and that Joe could not
replace me I looked forward to it.
    The dress was very sexy. It was made of a white silky
material. The top was just two pieces of cloth that went around
my neck then down to a very low cut waistband. The top only
covered the center sections of my large breasts leaving the inner
and outer portions bare. The skirt was two other pieces of cloth
that went to my ankles but open at the sides. When I walked in it
you could see my legs up to my waist. Only my pussy and the
center of my butt was hidden. It would be exciting to wear it but
I did not want to look like a slut.
    "Joe, I am awfully bare. Do you think I will look slutty
wearing this in public?"
    "Hardly. You won't see sluts in two thousand dollar dresses
that are in fashion magazines. I want you to wear it. Are you
objecting?"
    "Oh no Joe. It is lovely. I was just afraid I may embarrass
you."
    "You would not embarrass me if you were naked. You have a
lovely body and I am proud to own it."
    I felt proud that he felt that way and by saying he owned me
I felt more like a slave that could do anything my master ordered
with no guilt because I had no choice. That was not true of
course. I was not a prisoner and could leave at any time but that
thought never entered my mind.
    He had rented a suite on top of a hotel for the party. We
arrived early to make sure room service had brought the snacks
and had completely stocked the bar. We began greeting guests a
little later. There were six beautiful girls with their boy
friends or ad agency men. I was relieved to see the girls were
wearing sexy clothes too. A couple of them were wearing
transparent blouses that were so sheer they might as well have
been topless. 
    The party started with just small talk and drinking but as
time went on people began snorting cocaine and dancing. Later one
girl broke away from the boyfriend and began dancing solo to the
heavy beat. It was real sexy and it seemed natural for her to
begin taking off her clothes as we gathered around her in a
circle to cheer her on. When she was naked she moved sinuously
feeling her body with her hands. Everybody stared at her
excitedly and applauded like crazy when the song ended. I
expected her to put her clothes back on but she just giggled at
the attention and pulled her boyfriend over to a couch to hug him
to her naked body.
    As soon as the next song started another girl began a
striptease. This kept on until I suddenly realized that I was the
only girl with clothes on. Actually a lot of men had gotten naked
too and were hugging girls and a few were fucking.
    Joe said softly in my ear, "It is your turn baby."
    I felt intimidated by the beauty and grace of the other girls
and replied, "Oh no Joe. I couldn't. They have had dance
training, I would look like a klutz."
    He didn't argue he just said loudly over the music, "Rachel
has refused to dance for us. I think she deserves a spanking
don't you?"
    The girls laughed and cheered then began chanting, "Do it, do
it, do it. Then one of the men yelled, "She is cheating all of us
we should all get to spank her."
    The girls began chanting "Yes. Yes Yes!"
    God. I had been embarrassed at the thought of being naked in
front of these strangers now they would be spanking me.
    Joe told me to take off my dress and when I was naked he had
me bend over the back of a couch. The first girl to strip yelled,
"No. Lets do this right. She grabbed her purse and pulled out
some panty hose then she moved a chair under the chandelier and
put the crotch over the bars. She came over to me and brought me
over to the chair and told me to stand on it then brought over
another chair to wrap the legs around my wrists and tie them.
When she told me to step off the chair the legs only stretched
enough to let my toes reach the floor. She moved the chairs out
of the way then came back to hug me mashing our breasts together
and said, "God this must be exciting for you. It would me. I am
dripping just anticipating what will happen to you."
    She was right. I had already convinced myself I had no choice
to relieve my guilt and was beginning to breathe hard from the
excitement when Joe said. "Five apiece seems fair. Is that the
way you want to be for them?"
    I sobbed realizing my legs were pressed together. It took all
my will-power to open them to allow my pussy to be a target. a
consolation was that one of the girls said, "Jesus. We will be
able to hit her pussy! I can't even imagine being that brave."
Others agreed as there were cheers and applause that made me
proud.
    I had counted the people coming in. seventeen people would be
hitting me eighty-five times. I was sure I had never been hit
that many times before. I hoped I would not cheat anyone by
passing out before they all had their turn. I was relieved he did
not tie my legs open so I could close them if my pussy got too
sore.
    One of the men yelled, "I'll contribute the belt!" and
whipped it out of his pants. Joe took it and said, "I will warm
her up for you."
    Now I was the girl with a circle of cheering people around
me. I was excited to be the center of attention and made up my
mind to be brave and not scream.
    Without warning the belt hit my butt and I yelped from the
pain and surprise. then he hit my thighs, my stomach, my breasts,
and finally my crotch which made me squeal to demonstrate to them
they were not limited to hitting my butt. One of the men
exclaimed, "God! That made her pussy squirm!"
    He handed the belt to the man next to him. He must have been
afraid of hurting me badly because he hit me all five times just
on my butt. Even though it didn't hurt much just being naked and
helpless in front of so many people either wincing or cheering
each lash made me terribly excited.
    He handed the belt to the first stripper who hit my breasts
individually first at the cleavage to wrench them toward my
armpits then on the outside to make them slap together. They were
burning and throbbing when she finished with one to my pussy that
made me scream.
    She handed the belt to the man next to her who hit the front
of my thighs and my lower stomach which only increased my
excitement.
    I was shocked to discover that the girls were meaner than the
men. You would think they could empathize with me but they
concentrated on my most sensitive places and it was one of them
who decided to have the men who had already lashed me hold my
legs apart so wide I was doing the splits so they could hit my
asshole and bury the belt into my gaping pussy. I would go from
orgasms to so much pain the excitement would leave to be replaced
by agony only to have the excitement come back with the next
whipper for another orgasm until sweat was running off my body
and the belt had become soaked by my pussy juice.
    My hope to be able to close my legs was gone and with my legs
so wide even the kinder ones could not resist hitting my pussy at
least twice.
    By the time the belt had got back to Joe people had become
overcome by the excitement and the place was in the midst of a
full scale orgy. Joe could hardly wait to get me down to put me
on my knees to drive his dick into my asshole while his hands
pulled and twisted on my breasts and pussy. I was able to cum
again! When he fell back I slumped to the floor totally
exhausted.
    I must have gone to sleep for a little while. When I woke up
three of the girls were kneeling beside me gently tracing the
weals on my body with their fingers. The girl that had told the
men to hold my legs in a split and whipped my pussy so hard was
looking at me in total awe and talking to the other girls.
    "God she is brave! I know other girls that are into S&M but
Rachel is awesome. I could not believe she went through this
whole thing without screaming."
    She realized I was awake when I murmured, "Thank you." and
said, We are going to reward you for putting on a show that got
my boyfriend so hard."
    Two of them began sucking and kissing my nipples just as I
felt this wonderful soft tongue fluttering against my abused
throbbing pussy. I looked around frantically to see if Joe would
object. When I saw him in the circle of people starting to gather
around me he was smiling. Although I had always been told
lesbianism was a great sin I relaxed thinking he approved and I
should not object.
    It was a perfect cure for my residual pain. It felt wonderful
and I gave in to the feeling as new tongues entered my pussy to
bring on a sweet glorious orgasm.
    That evidentally capped the party because the people began to
dress and leave. Joe helped me on with my dress while kissing me
and raving on about how proud he was of me.
    On the way home I began feeling guilty again. I said, "Joe. I
feel ashamed. Those people will talk about me and everyone will
know what a slut I have become. I am sorry the girls excited me.
Do you hate me for enjoying girls making love to me?"
    "Of course not. I think it was nice that you could be
rewarded after the ordeal you accepted so bravely. As far as
people knowing about you is concerned I hope the whole world
knows how lucky I am to have such a sensuous woman. You aren't a
slut! You are an incredibly sexy girl who just wants to please
me."
    "Oh thank you! I do want to please you. I'll do anything for
you." I admitted to myself that pleasing him was also giving me
excitement beyond my wildest dreams.
    That night I had a strange dream. I woke up knowing it was
not a dream at all but another of my hidden memories.
    I was about six when I was awakened by giggling and laughing
coming from the living room. I peeked out my door and saw my
folks naked on the living room floor, wrestling with each other.
I had never seen naked adults before and was fascinated by my
mom's big boobs rolling around on her chest. Suddenly she pushed
Dad over on his back and I saw my first penis standing up
proudly. She put it in her mouth and Dad got this look of pure
bliss on his face then grimaced and said, "You bit me you little
bitch. You'll pay for that!"
    He pulled her over his legs while she giggled then began
spanking her. He was really hitting hard. His hand was making
loud "Spats!" and her skin was getting really red. Suddenly she
rolled over and I thought it was over but he began spanking her
pussy. I thought that would really hurt but she just moaned and
gasped without making any effort to get away. after about a dozen
slaps he lifted her up and slid his dick in her pussy while she
straddled him. When they finally collapsed hugging each other I
went back to bed feeling an itch in my pussy I rubbed until I
felt a great sense of relief.
    They never did it in the house again but one night I heard
the door slam and looked out the window to see them in the
moonlight walking out to our barn. I ran out to peek through a
knothole in the wall. He was in the process of tieing her wrists
to a rope hanging from the ceiling then he went over to a bench
to pick up a small rubber hose. He said, "When I am done you will
look like a tiger. Let me know when you are ready. She moaned,
"Oh God! I was ready on the way out here. Do it! Do it hard!"
    He began beating her with it leaving long red welts and I saw
what he meant about her looking like a tiger as red stripes began
covering her whole torso. It looked terrible but she was making
no effort to dodge away even though she was screaming through her
nose with her teeth clenched tightly. It frightened me and I ran
back to the house explaining why I had repressed the memory all
those years. Now that I remembered I felt even better about
myself. I had inherited the enjoyment of pain from her and
possibly there were generations of women in our family that got
off on pain.
    After the party my life changed a lot. Since he had received
so many compliments on my beauty he bought me a lot of very sexy
clothes that either bared most of my body or were transparent
with only tiny g-string panties and bras that only covered my
nipples to keep me from being naked. Some women who saw me on the
street or restaurants would sneer at me but I ignored them
thinking that they were just jealous. He even began taking me to
his office delighting in introducing me to his men clients to
enjoy their admiration of me. I am afraid that made me even more
vain and on those days he left me home I spent the time
exercising naked to make my body even more slim and fit.
    Another change as a result of the party was not as pleasant
although very exciting. The girls at the party had been very
mean. They hit me harder on my pussy and breasts than he ever had
and since I had not screamed loudly he decided I was capable of
withstanding greater amounts of pain.
    He decided to test his theory a few days after the party when
all the marks from my whipping were nearly gone. He led me 
naked out to the garage but when I held out my wrists for the
cuffs he said he had a new way of restraining me that the man at
the leather store had suggested.
    He had me spread my legs then manacled my ankles to a board
running between my feet to hold them open Then he went to the
sack and got a harness arrangement to go around my neck to buckle
my wrists behind my back. It put my wrists between my shoulder
blades causing my boobs to thrust out. It was uncomfortable but
it was going to be much more so.
    He went back to the sack and brought back four spring clamps
with teeth like little alligators with nylon strings tied to
them. 
    He clamped one to each of my pussy lips then tied them to the
wall to open my pussy so wide it looked like an "O". I began to
whimper because they really bit me but it was even worse when he
put them on my nipples and lifted my breasts to a hook in the
ceiling. The only way I could minimize the pain was by standing
perfectly still. My slightest movement caused a sharp bite to my
pussy or nipples.
    If that was not bad enough he took out the fibreglas whip. It
was awful! He hit hard on just my breasts at the nipples to cause
terrible bites and directly on my clit to make me jerk back to
have them bite my pussy-lips. After several of those he used the
stiff slender part to whip my ass which I swore was cutting my
skin and caused me to jerk to have both my nipples and pussy to
be bitten. I screamed until I was hoarse then cried so hard my
poor tortured tits became wet. There was no way I could overcome
this much pain and Joe stopped.
    He said, "This is too much isn't it?"
    I was crying too much to answer so just nodded my head until
I could choke out, "I can't stand it. You can do anything else!"
    He took off the clamps but it still hurt while he unbuckled
my ankles. He left my wrists manacled as he said. "Now I know
what is too much for you to stand but I wonder if you could take
ten more with a different whip. Show me how brave you are. Choose
the most painful whip you think you can stand for ten more. Make
sure you can take it because I am going to stand in one spot and
you will have to step up to me for each lash and tell me where
you want to be hit. If you step back and lack the courage to step
forward for another I will put the clamps back on you and give
you ten with the fibreglas."
    I was really grateful that he recognized the fact he had
surpassed my limit. I looked at my ass in the mirror expecting to
see blood running from the cuts from that whip and was amazed to
just see purple welts. I could feel every welt stinging and was
really tempted to choose the pussy whip but since it would only
be ten I decided to try to be brave enough for the next to worse
whip to prove my courage. I was sure the threat of ten with the
terrible whip would force me to be brave.
    I said, "I want to prove that I am brave and that fibreglas
whip is too much for anyone. I will take the snake whip which is
nearly as bad."
    "God you are brave. Where do you want them? On your butt?"
    I was grateful to know he would accept that comparatively
easy area but I was determined to prove my courage.
    "No. Give me three on my breasts, four on my inner thighs.
and the last three on my pussy."
    "Fantastic. Move closer to me and bend over with your head
tilted back."
     I realized he planned to hit the tops of my breasts and was
grateful since the nipples  were still hurting terribly.
    I moved over to him and took a deep breath and held it as I
brought my head back out of the way.
    When it hit the pain was so bad my breath came out in a
whoosh and it was all I could do to stay in position for the next
two.
    He let me stand straight and catch my breath before telling
me to face him and spread my legs. I felt proud that I was able
to overcome all my instincts and defiantly spread my legs far
enough to feel a pull on the inner muscles.
    Perversely I felt excitement growing and was sure my pussy
was wet.
    He hit me slowly barely below my pussy so I had time to savor
the pain until the fourth nearly brought me to orgasm.
    He said, "It is time for your pussy."
    I just moaned, "Yes. Pussy"
    He hit the right lip with the tip going into the crack of my
ass. Again he let me savor it and I began to tremble as my first
orgasm hit. Then he hit the left lip and my body shook violently
as the shock of the orgasm hit.
    The last one went right in the center causing my clitoris and
asshole to explode at once. all my strength went away under the
onslaught of the orgasm that followed and I sunk to my knees with
sweat pouring off me sorry that my hands were tied so I could not
keep the orgasms going with my fingers. I don't know if he sensed
what I needed or not but he pushed me over on my back and began
fluttering his tongue on my clitoris while his thumb went into my
pussy and his finger slid into my asshole. It felt awesome. I
lifted my ass to move my pussy against his tongue and almost
choked myself pulling on my manacles while a whole different kind
of orgasms pulsed through my body.
    I was finally exhausted and fell back to the floor signalling
him that I was through. He rolled me over on my stomach, with the
cool concrete soothing my welts, to release my wrists and take
off the neck collar.
    He began kissing my back going down to kiss my butt and run
his tongue in the crack with momentary stops to say he loved me
and that I was breathtaking and awesome.
    Then he carried me into the house saying he had bought some
salve to cut my pain. I was not sure I wanted it. I was still
having little after shocks of orgasms.
    He laid me on my back and caressed the salve on my welts.
Then he said I am amazed you prefer the snake whip. The tip cut
your skin before I realized it and hit lighter. The fibreglas
didn't cut you."
    "No but it felt like it did for the whole length. The snake
whip only hurts terribly at the tip. Please promise you won't hit
my nipples or clitoris with the tip. I am sure they would be
torn. If you want to just punish the nipples or clitoris you can
use the tip of the fibreglas. It is wide enough to just hurt."
    I am surprised you can even think about that but the man said
the more you were punished the more you would be able to stand.
It must be true. I am sure you could not have taken the snake
whip untied a few weeks ago."
    "Yes I think it was the party that did it. At first it was
terrible but as it went on I could block the pain and turn it to
excitement. Endomorphins must arise kind of like the high you get
from running just as you think you can't take another step."
    It suddenly occurred to me that he was being cheated. I had
fantastic orgasms while he must be aching from the need to cum. I
rolled over and unzipped his pants to take out his hard dick. It
seemed deliciously depraved to be sucking his dick while he was
fully clothed. He added to my feeling by talking all the way to
orgasm saying, "That's right bitch. Lick the head. Now take it
all down your throat you cunt."
    Rather than being offended I just felt that being a bitch or
cunt was appropriate for my slave status. My only self respect
remained in my beauty and courage. In any other way I felt
worthless and fully dependent on him. Just as I was confident
that no other girl would suffer for him as I would I also
realized that any other man would seem like a wimp next to him
and that I could never have a so-called "Normal" relationship.
    For the next few days I was left home to heal since my welts
could be seen through my sexy clothes and he did not want me
covered. I loved looking at the welts and cuts that proved my
courage and stayed naked so I could look at myself in mirrors.
Just looking at them excited him too so we had sex every night
but there was no way I could get a great orgasm with normal sex
alone. Before I was healed he had to go on a business trip. I was
disappointed I could not go with him but he reminded me that we
would not be able to have satisfactory sex in hotel rooms.
    In a few days I was desperate to have an orgasm.
    The next day I heard a truck coming up our driveway.
Naturally I was naked so I just threw on a robe to see who it
was. There were two muscular men. The driver said he was there to
install the device Joe had bought at the leather store.
    I watched in curiosity and excitement as they bolted the "X"
frame together and imagined myself being whipped on it.
    The driver must have sensed my excitement when they had it
standing because he said, "This is meant to be custom fitted. Can
we attach you to it so we can see how wide the legs should be?"
    That seemed reasonable although it was a little embarrassing
that they knew it was meant for me.
    I went over to it while the bottom legs were fairly close
together and let them put on the manacles to hold me to the
frame.
    When I was securely manacled he said, "Let me know when it
feels right."
    They began pulling the base timbers apart to spread my legs.
I knew that this was causing the front of my robe to open
exposing my legs but by then I was too excited to care. When I
felt the muscles in my inner thighs get taut I panted excitedly,
"That feels far enough."
    To my surprise and excitement he felt my inner thighs then
said, "Yes they are nice and hard. Let's check your stomach."
    He opened my robe! I was suddenly naked and he was feeling my
stomach. I know I should have protested but I just moaned. He
grinned at me and said, "Your tummy should be tighter. Ed,
tighten the ropes to her arms."
    I knew now that all this was unnecessary. Joe could have made
the adjustments himself but I was much too excited to care.
    Ed tightened the ropes till my stomach was tight then the
driver said, "I think that is about right. Ed. Check it out."
    Ed walked to my front and felt my stomach then slapped it
with his palm. I yelped and felt my clit twinge. Then he grabbed
my breasts and pulled and twisted them finishing with hard
pinches to my nipples. I began to pant with excitement.
    He said, Her Tits could be a little tighter then went behind
me to tighten my arms more until my tummy went concave and my
breasts raised and flattened.
    I was now in pain and began to tremble. The driver said, "Are
you in pain?"
    I moaned, "Oh yes. I feel like I am being pulled apart."
    "Good, Mike said you enjoyed pain."
    I gasped, "Who is Mike?"
    He seemed surprised. "You don't know who Mike is? He is the
man that whipped you at the store. Can you move?"
    "Oh no. I am stretched too tight."
    "I think we will test that."
    He went over to their tool box and pulled out two thong whips
like the one I had made for Joe. I knew what they were going to
do and began moaning "No, please no," but I did not really mean
it and they seemed to know it."
    They tucked the ends of my robe behind me then Ed started
whipping my right thigh while the driver started on my breasts.
Ed worked his way up while the driver went down passing each
other at my navel. They knew exactly how to do it. They watched
my reactions starting easy then increasing the strength and
cadence of my lashes as my excitement grew until there seemed to
be a constant slapping sound and pain. When I went into orgasm Ed
moved in front of me to uppercut my open pussy several times
while the driver viciously pinched my nipples.
    Finally my head dropped to my chest and they stopped.
    They watched me avidly as my body pulsated with the
aftershocks  then Ed said, "I have seen women get off on pain but
she is the greatest. Look! There is pussy juice running down her
thighs."
    "Yeah. That is nice for her but I need to get off. My dick is
so hard it is hurting me. Lady! If we let you off that thing will
you suck our dicks so we can get off too?"
    It was strange. It didn't seem like cheating on Joe for them
to whip me but sex would definitively be cheating. I moaned, "No
I couldn't. I am true to Joe."
    The driver said I think "I can change your mind."
    He went back to his toolbox and brought back a fibreglas
whip. I began to scream knowing that would make me suffer with no
hope of release by orgasm.
    He began using the tip to whip my nipples up,down and
sideways very hard. The pain was horrendous but I kept screaming
"No! I won't do it! You can't make me!"
    He hit me over and over until finally the nerves in my
nipples became numb and I just felt them being pulled on my tits.
He stopped and said, "Jesus she is tough! My arm is tired."
    Ed said, "Obviously her nipples are not sensitive enough.
Hold the lips of her pussy apart."
    I recovered from my grogginess to begin screaming, "No! You
wouldn't! You couldn't! No-one is that cruel."
    The driver just laughed and said, "That got her attention. We
have just the thing to hold that sweet cunt open."
    He went back to his box to return carrying four of the
familiar alligator clamps with cords. I stared at them moaning
"No! Please! God no!"
    They ignored me and I felt bites as they put them on my pussy
lips then brought the cords behind me to pull my lips open till
they were tight against my thighs. I sobbed not only from the
pain but in the knowledge that my clit was totally exposed and
would soon explode in pain. As a final straw the driver put two
more clamps on my nipples which unfortunately had come alive and
were very sore. I gasped as he went behind me to pull on them so
hard my nipples were nearly in my armpits.
    Ed said, "Watch this."
    He was talking to the driver but I looked down between my
open breasts to see him pull back the tip with one hand while he
held the handle with the other until it was bent in a "U" shape.
    He let it go! The tip was just a blur then there was
indescribable pain. I screamed and then looked down to see him
slowly pulling it back again while I moaned, "Nooo."
    My clit exploded again and the pain radiated throughout my
body. This one was even worse than the first. By the fifth I knew
my clit would not get numb like my nipples. It seemed to get even
more sensitive and I was hoarse from screaming. I couldn't take
it anymore in spite of my resolve. As he started pulling it back
again I said hoarsely, "No. Don't hit it again. I'll do it."
    "What will you do?"
    I gulped then said, "I'll suck your dicks."
    They let me loose and I gently caressed my sore nipples and
clit while they undressed then the driver came over to me and
said, "Kneel bitch. You had better get all of it in your throat!"
    I began to try to stuff his big prick in my throat. Ed said,
"I am not going to wait for you to get off. Sit down and take her
with you."
    He sat on the floor and I managed to get his dick into my
throat just as my hips were grabbed and another dick plunged into
my pussy. It was huge! even entering from the rear it was big
enough to rub on my sensitive clit. They both began pulling on my
breasts and pinching my nipples. When Ed began pinching my clit I
came and kept cummimg while they flooded my mouth and cunt.
    I guess they decided I had enough because they dressed and
left leaving me to catch my breath on the floor.
    I felt just awful. It had been my fault That I received so
much pain. I should have known they could not resist whipping me
after I had cooperated in my bondage. Even though the pain had
been unreal the most terrible thing was cumming when they fucked
me. I felt like I had deliberately betrayed Joe. 
    I didn't know what to do. I felt like I should confess to him
but he said he would kill me if I fucked anyone without his
permission. I went through all kinds of schemes even considering
calling the police and charging them with rape but I could never
explain why I allowed them to manacle me to the frame and would
have to admit I was nearly naked watching them work.
    When I heard his car coming up the driveway I decided that if
he wanted to kill me I deserved it. All the pain was gone and I
began to think I had exaggerated the pain to allow me to have sex
with them. When he came though the door I fell to my knees and
hugged his legs to sob out what had happened.
    He pulled me to my feet to hug me and say, "I know exactly
what happened. I thought you might not wait for me to get home to
whip you on the frame so I asked Mike to see if you would
volunteer to be whipped. I don't know for sure whether you were
dumb enough to believe their story about needing to adjust the
frame to you but in your favor you were wearing your robe when
you agreed and they said you were tortured more than anyone they
had encountered before you agreed to have sex with them. The
other thing in your favor is that they said you never had an
orgasm since the pain was too much."
    I was saved by the fact that they could not tell the
difference between my orgasms and great pain. I was quick to
agree.
    "There was no way. They hit my poor clit over and over with
that awful fibreglas whip."
    "It was only five times and those with the leather tip but
Mike said even his wife who is incredibly tough has never been
able to take more than four."
    I suddenly felt proud. Joe knew I had suffered more than
anyone before agreeing to my "Rape."
    He asked me how I felt and I told him my pussy was still
bruised and sore but the rest of me was fine if he wanted to whip
me.
    I do want to see you on that frame but only to give you the
orgasm you did not get from them. You may choose your whip."
    When I was manacled to it he asked me if I was alright. I
decided I should suffer more for him and said, "They tied me
tighter. It might be better for you if my skin is real tight."
    He pulled my arms up until I could feel my joints begin to
separate and my tummy went flat.
    I whimpered to let him know that was enough and he told me to
choose my whip.
    I was tempted to choose the little pussy whip or the bootlace
whip knowing they would provide enough pain to bring on my orgasm
without leaving lasting pain but I did not want him to think I
had lost my courage because of the men.
    "Use the thong whip to redden me from my breasts to my knees
then finish with five to my pussy."
    "I thought you said your pussy was very sore."
    "It is! That is why you must make me very excited before
hitting it."
    He did it perfectly. Hitting easy at first to the area just
above my pussy to my breasts, then a little harder to cover my
breasts, Then harder right to the tops and inner thighs until I
was cumming and screamed "My Pussy! Now!"
    Orgasms began crashing through my body causing me to scream
and toss my head. When the last lash buried itself in my slit he
dropped to his knees and began licking my inflamed clit while he
ripped off his clothes then he raised up to bury his dick that
felt twice its normal size to continue my orgasms.
    At the end I was proud that I had given him a climax so
strong he had to sit on the concrete floor looking dazed for a
few moments before he could get up to release me.
    Later that night he made gentle love to me. He came but I was
only able to get excited by imagining myself on the frame
watching Ed slowly pulling back the tip of that terrible whip.
    The thong whip had just reddened me without bruises so my
body looked perfect the next morning.
    He had me turn slowly in front of him then said I had a
little stubble on my pussy he needed to shave off because he had
a very special client he wanted to impress.
    It always excited me to have him shave me not only from
having my pussy pulled and pinched to get every hair but also
from the fear of being cut by the razor. My body was trembling
when he said that he had a very special costume. He gave me a box
that contained two gold coins and a two inch by eight inch piece
of gold lame cloth with a nylon thread threaded through a hem. I
guessed it would be a loincloth to hide my slit and turned the
coins over to see if they had glue or something to hold them to
my nipples. The backs had large gold safety pins.  He confirmed
my fear by saying, "Your nipples will have to be pierced to hold
them. Will you need to be tied for it?"
    I would have preferred it but I wanted to be brave so I just
shook my head.
    He had me kneel in front of him and hold up my breasts
tightly with my hands. Then he took two large needles out of the
box that had held the costume. He pulled out one nipple at a time
with his left hand so he could slowly push the needles through my
nipples. I gasped and clenched my teeth against the pain and
squeezed my breasts so hard they were throbbing to suppress my
screams. At least when my ears were pierced it was done quickly.
    He said, I am proud of you for taking that quietly. When the
bleeding stops we will put on the coins."
    I have small pink nipples but they were still barely covered
by the coins and the loincloth only covered the center of my
pussy.
    I said, "I can't wear this in public. I will be arrested."
    I know that. "You can wear your fur jacket over it."
    That still barely covered my ass and I was constantly aware
how naked I was on the way to his office by the sensuous feel of
the leather seat on my bare ass.
    He took me to lunch before we went to the office. He ordered
for both of us. I couldn't without a quavering voice because
while the waiter wrote down the order his fingers were in my
pussy twiddling my clit. Lunch arrived quickly or I am sure
people might have thought I had a seizure when I came.
    Coming so close to orgasm with the excitement of being
fingered in the crowded restaurant kept me excited until I was in
his office. I hugged and kissed him hoping he would relieve my
tension but he said we have to hurry. He will be here soon. If he
signs up he will bring me over a hundred "K" a year.
    He took me into a room by his office. There were hooks in the
ceiling and floor. He had me take off my coat then tied me very
tightly in an "X" position. He said, "You look beautiful baby. I
expect you to be very brave."
    He took my bootlace whip out of his brief case and looped it
around my neck tucking the handle and laces into my cleavage.
    I knew I would be whipped with my favorite whip and my
excitement began to build. I heard his appointment come in and
their conversation. The man seemed a little doubtful over Joe
handling him since most of Joe's experience was with models and a
couple of girl singers he had working in Vegas.
    Joe said, "I have a present for you. I understand you are
into S&M and like to gamble. This girl is very brave. If you can
make her beg you to fuck her within thirty lashes with the whip I
will cut my commission to eight per cent."
    The man laughed and said, "You are going to be working cheap
man. I know all their sensitive places."
    Joe led him in and the man I recognized as a lead singer I
had seen on MTV looked at me hungrily. then he said, "She is
beautiful. I will really enjoy making the great boobs bounce but
you are trying to cheat me. You have her pussy and nipples
covered up."
    "Joe said, "If that bothers you get rid of them."
    He came over to me and ripped off my loincloth. 
    "Great! She has a shaved pussy so no hair will protect it."
    Then he pulled my nipples way out making me gasp to see how
to detach them. Actually he made a mistake. The whip jerking on
the coins to my freshly pierced nipples would have hurt more than
having them bare.
    Any other whip would have forced me to beg for his dick
because all thirty lashes went either to my breasts or up into my
pussy. He hit harder and harder while yelling, "Beg for my prick,
You little bitch."
    I didn't need his dick. I was in orgasm by the twentieth
lash. My screams from the orgasm encouraged him to hit even
harder. When he quit he was as covered with sweat as I was and
panting almost as hard.
    "He said, "To hell with it. I am fucking her anyway."
    Joe just laughed and said, "Help yourself."
    He dropped his jeans revealing he did not wear shorts and a
raging hard-on. I was grateful Joe gave him permission because
his powerful thrusts kept my orgasms going. 
    When he came he pulled up his jeans and said, "Don't you wish
you had begged for it?"
    I told him yes and that he was wonderful and meant it.
    He went into the office and signed the contract then left.
Joe came in grinning like crazy. "You were wonderful Baby. You
really turned into an asset. Now that I have him I can get
others."
    I was really happy that I could help him and at the same time
have great orgasms.
    From then on I entertained a lot of his clients. He began
having them come to our house so we could have privacy. They all
were much different in the things that excited them but all
involved at least a little pain because they were all rich enough
to hire hookers just for regular sex. Even the ones that just
wanted me to do a slow strip-tease and then blow them would want
to whip me or put alligator clamps on me while I blew them to
make me work desperately to get them off quickly.
    The one exception was a girl that asked to have me dressed in
a police uniform to whip her pussy and breasts with the pussywhip
until she "Confessed" then go down on her for a reward. I
discovered why people became so excited whipping me because it
really excited me to whip her especially since I knew exactly
what she was feeling.
    She was a real exception. Most of the women were really
cruel. They concentrated on my sensitive nipples, clitoris and
asshole until I was so sore their tongues would feel like rasps
when they licked me.
    I entered a whole new dimension of pain and humiliation at
the next party. It lasted forever! 
    Joe put on alligator clamps with big lead balls hanging from
them on my nipples and pussy lips. I had to do a striptease to
music with a fast beat. I am sure the audience wondered why I
gasped and yipped at my fast movements but understood when I took
off the loose blouse to reveal the weights jerking at my nipples
causing terrible bites as I swung or bounced my tits. They
cheered and cheered again when my skirt came off so they could
see my pussy lips jerk and twist as I moved. The pain and
excitement of their cheers and applause set of a series of
orgasms that would be repeated for the rest of the night.
    After my dance I had to go down on anyone who wanted it and
they all did so they could pull on my weights while I blew them.
I swallowed so much cum and pussy juice I felt sick and Joe took
off the weights to give me a break to circulate for anyone to
feel my breasts or put their fingers in my pussy.
    This brought on a new experience. One girl had me sit on the
edge of the couch while she worked her fingers in my pussy until
her hand was wet enough to slide it into me up to her wrists. She
closed her hand into a fist and began pumping while her husband
spanked my nipples with the backs of his fingers. I had a
glorious orgasm.
    For the rest of the night I had to assume any position they
liked to have my out thrust breasts, pussy, or butt be whipped
with belts, whips or worst with a metal coathanger that caused
several small cuts to my stomach while I was bent over backward
on a big footstool.
    Eventually I became so exhausted from the pain and orgasms I
could no longer stand up but even that did not relieve me. I was
hung from the ceiling standing on my knees so anyone who wanted
could whip me or push their dicks and pussies into my mouth. I
was too tired to suck them so the men would just fuck my mouth
and throat or the women would use my nose as a dildo until I
finally became unconscious.
    I don't remember getting home but I slept well into the next
afternoon. When I finally woke up to inspect my body I found that
it was pretty well healed except the cuts from the coat hanger. I
begged Joe not to let them cut me and he agreed and spent hours
putting on salve and hugging and kissing me.
    By this time in my life I was proud that I could accept an
incredible amount of pain and no longer dreaded a session even
though I would not know what would happen to me. Of course Joe
was proud to own me and took me with him almost all the time I
did not have to stay home to heal.
    Now that he was making tons of money we were able to travel
to all kinds of exotic places. I loved travelling which convinced
me that even the pain too severe to let me have orgasms was worth
it.
    On one of our trips to Mexico the cab driver told Joe that
there was a sex show in town that was really exciting. Joe told
him to take us to it. 
    We were there early and I got a little bored just watching
girls strip and suggested we leave to go back to our hotel for
sex but Joe said the main acts were still to come and that it
would get better.
    It did! They began live sex acts and then a girl stripped and
lit a big candle she ran over her body to redden the skin of her
breasts and over her pussy which had already had the hair burned
off so you could see the skin redden on her bald pussy. She
finished the act by jamming the candle into her pussy.
    For the next act a girl stripped then began whipping her body
with a thong whip in time with the music. It was obvious it was a
real whip because it left welts. She finished with several lashes
to her cunt until she collapsed to the floor in orgasm. The
lights dimmed while two men carried her away.
    I told Joe that it looked terrifically exciting to be whipped
in front of all those people and that maybe I should do a dance
like that for his guests at the next party. He agreed then
excused himself. I assumed he was going to the toilet. There was
an intermission so I went myself a little giddy from the
Margueritas we had been drinking. I came back in the midst of a
long introduction. I couldn't understand a word in Spanish but
Joe interpreted saying a girl had been sent to them by her
parents for performing a sin against God by sleeping with a man
before marriage and would be punished severely for it.
    I don't think it was an act. She was very young about fifteen
and really looked frightened as two men with thong whips dangling
from their belts dragged her onto the stage where a big crucifix
had been set up. 
    There was a long production to let the audience build
excitement. They slowly ripped off her cheap cotton dress, her
slip, then her panties and bra to reveal a great body with firm
round tits and a flat stomach while she screamed and sobbed.
    Another man came out to hold her up against the cross for
them to loop rope around her arms to lock them to the cross bars.
    The man that had held her up went behind the curtain to
return with a huge block of wood that was covered with sharp
nails. He held it up grinning while the audience cheered then
pulled out her body so it could be clamped to the post behind her
butt.
    When they let her legs go her butt crashed against the nails
making her scream and frantically push her feet against the post
to push her butt forward making her pussy fully visible.
    Each of them grabbed an ankle to pull her legs behind the
post to put handcuffs on them and a rope to hold her legs bent.
Naturally this caused her butt to hit the nails again causing her
screams to intensify. When they let her legs go she frantically
arched her back to pull her butt away then gripped the post with
her lower legs to hold it in position.
    The man who had lifted her grinned at the audience and began
rattling in Spanish. I asked Joe what he said and he told me that
he was going to do something to make the whip marks more visible.
    He turned back to her to reach out to rip out a clump of her
thick black pussy hair. The pain caused her to lose her grip on
the post and her ass hit the nails again. He didn't let her pull
back. He pressed against her stomach with his left hand while he
ripped out hair with his right. Her struggles must have caused
the nails to sink in everywhere and he kept jerking out hair
until none were visible and her pussy was all red in the bright
light.
    When he released her stomach she used the last of her
strength to push out and get a new grip on the post but it was
not to last. They moved to each side of her then began whipping
the whole front of her body. She would flinch back only to drive
the nails into her ass and struggle to push forward again.
    Finally she just gave up and hung there making hoarse cries
while the whips yanked her breasts and pussy lips and blood
dripped to her knees from her torn butt.
    At the end they both concentrated on her pussy making the
ends of their thongs go into her gash until her head dropped
signalling she had fainted.
    I became so excited my panties were soaked with my pussy
juice.
    There was a short intermission while they took her loose from
her bonds and carried her away.
    The announcer began talking again. I assumed he was wishing
the audience goodnight since the last act had to be the last when
I suddenly heard him say my name.
    I asked Joe what he was talking about and he said, He is
announcing that the scheduled show was over but one of their
american friends, you, had volunteered to prove her courage. He
is saying that unlike the previous girl you are true to your man
and said you would take up to a hundred lashes without agreeing
to let anyone else make love to you.
    That sounded frightening but then I remembered that in spite
of what looked like a terrible whipping to the girl that had just
left the whips had not broken her skin. I was also relieved to
see they were taking the crucifix off the stage so I would not
have to worry about my ass turned into hamburger. I had just
about decided I would be able to take it without begging them to
fuck me. The next thing that happened totally convinced me. A
large handsome man came over to help me out of my chair. When I
stood up to follow him the audience stood up and cheered. I was
totally thrilled! I never expected to do anything that would earn
me a standing ovation. That was something reserved for very
talented people. I rationalized that I deserved it for my courage
although actually it had been Joe's idea. By the time I was
backstage where they helped me undress I didn't even consider
that I was going to be hurt badly just to provide entertainment
for the crowd and to boost Joe's ego. I thought of myself as an
entertainer. No, more than that. I was a star! 
    When I was naked he put a collar around my neck then pulled
my wrists behind me to attach them to it. It was uncomfortable
but it did make my boobs push out and I pushed them out further
while I sucked in my tummy.
    I went out with him proudly to get another ovation. Joe had
me stay out of the sun so they would be able to see every mark on
my white skin. Much more so than the dark Mexican girl.
    When I stepped to the center of the stage I didn't see any
ropes. I hoped I was not expected to just stand there and take
the lashes. I was relieved when he pushed me forward and slapped
my inner thighs to let me know I should place my feet next to a
board with metal rings on the end. He spread my legs really wide
but there was still enough slack after my ankles were tied to let
me step forward or back to keep my balance. He looked up to the
ceiling and I followed his gaze to see two small ropes coming
down to meet his hands. My wrists were still locked to my neck
collar and I wondered if he would release them to be tied or just
tie the rope to the chains to my wrists. I hoped he would release
them as it was easier to brace myself with outstretched arms.
    I was looking at the second rope coming down when I felt him
at my right breast. I looked down to see him coiling the rope
around the base. When he was done my tit was as hard and round as
a melon and beginning to throb from the pressure. He tied my
other one just as tight then nodded towards the wings. I looked
over to see a man pulling down on ropes just as I felt even more
pressure to my throbbing tits. I went up on my toes but it didn't
help. The ropes went up until much of my weight was being
supported by them and I could feel the skin tighten clear around
my back. 
    He picked me up by my waist and turned my back to the
audience. I was relieved I was afraid they might hit my already
throbbing breasts. My back, butt, and legs were tough. I began to
think this might be bearable. Then people began to applaud. I
twisted my body and looked over my shoulder to see the most
frightening sight I had ever seen. A huge man wearing black
leather pants and a leather hood with cutouts for his eyes and
nose. He was carrying a coiled whip like my snake whip but when
he flipped it out of the coil and brought it back to slap it
against the floor I saw it was more than twice as long. It would
provide enough leverage to cut me in two. I had flinched forward
when the whip hit the floor causing a painful pull on my tits. I
reminded myself to stay very still no matter how much it hurt.
    Then out of nowhere I felt a horrid pain across both ass
cheeks accompanied by a loud "Snap!" he kept laying them across
my ass while the audience began to chant, "Uno, Dos, Tres," I
might have been able to learn to count to a hundred in spanish if
the pain had been less but my resolve to be still went out the
window. when the tip went between my legs to hit my tender inner
thighs I jumped so hard I almost ripped off my tits.
    He covered my back from my shoulders to my knees. The tip
would also hit the sides of my stretched tits and when he did my
thighs the whip would coil around my leg for the tip to dig into
the inner parts.
    I don't know how many times he hit me but when the tip came
around me to dig into my pussy lips then my nipples I passed out.
    I woke up with my knees bent hanging by my tits with a
ghastly burning to my back. The two men who had tied me were
throwing buckets of water on my back. I later found out that it
was salt water burning the blood oozing welts on my back.
    They began untying me and I thought it was finally over. They
gave me some water to drink and I began to feel my strength
coming back in spite of the fire on my back. I had sweat so much
I drank about a quart of water before I was satisfied.
    I was now facing the audience and could not resist caressing
the deep red lines across my burning nipples and pussy to try to
relieve the pain. This brought on more cheers and applause and I
thought it was over. I smiled proudly at the audience who
obviously appreciated my courage and beauty and made a deep bow.
    I began to walk away but the man in the leather outfit
grabbed my arm and said, ""Veintiuno mas, senorita." I later
found out that meant twenty-one but at the time it only meant
they were not though with me. For all I knew I might have fifty
more to go. I sobbed realizing they would not be satisfied at
only two lines on my white front.
    They put padded cuffs on my wrist and used the cords that had
been around my tits to tie to my manacles to pull me up until my
feet left the ground, then rolled out two heavy barrels. They
tipped them up on their ends and I saw hooks welded to their tops
to hold ropes. They tied ropes to my ankle cuffs then looped them
around the hooks to pull my legs apart. The man looked out to the
audience and said, "Mas?" I knew that meant "More," and the
audience yelled "Mas! Mucho mas!" and continued to chant ,"Mas,"
until I was doing the splits and sobbed at the strain and the
realization that my pussy lips were fully open to make the tender
inner lips and my clit accessible.
    To my profound relief the hooded man began to pass out thong
whips.
    They stood on each side of me with the hooded man behind me
so the audience would not have their view blocked and could count
the lashes.
    They took turns one would hit my right breast on top of the
nipple then the other man would hit my left followed by the
hooded man who brought the whip between my legs to hit my
sensitive asshole and clit at the same time.
    I know it is hard to believe, even I was surprised to find
that in spite of the terrible pain having it happen to the parts
I associated with sex on top of the old made me excited. I was in
my first orgasm at nine and they continued to build. When the
audience screamed "Vientiuno" and began cheering. They stopped
and I wanted more!
    I used the tiny amount of Spanish I knew to sob. "Mas por
favor. Mas!"
    The acoustics in the place must have been great because the
audience heard me and began cheering only to stop to resume their
counting. At triente siete my orgasms sapped all my strength and
I let my head fall forward.
    They stopped and untied me then hugged me and kissed me
excitedly as they led me backstage to a showerhead coming out of
the wall and turned cool water on my body and began washing the
sweat, blood and pussy juice off me. The soap burned my welts but
their gentle hands washing me felt so good I did not protest.
They dried me gently with soft towels then offered my panties and
bra but I shook my head knowing I did not want anything tight
against my welts.
    They took me back to my table raving in spanish all the way.
I assumed I was being complimented so I just smiled and nodded.
    As soon as I sat down gingerly on my striped butt Joe said
that he was sorry they had made it so bad at first. He had tried
to stop them but was held at the table. He went on to say that I
should have faked passing out sooner so they would go to less
severe punishment. I am sure he was right but I was not thinking
under all that pain.
    The owner came to our table and gave us a basket of pesos
explaining that the audience had insisted on sending me
gratuities. We didn't need the money but the proof of their
appreciation of me made me very proud and I stood and yelled,
Gracias!" to bring more cheers that seemed to make the ordeal
well worth the pain I had suffered. I kissed Joe and thanked him
for bringing me there.
    Shortly after I sat down drinks arrived and the waiter said
that several customers wanted to buy us drinks and that we could
drink free until closing if we wished. Joe wanted to leave but I
had enjoyed enough orgasms for one night and felt like punishing
him by making him wait so I told him I needed a few drinks to
help me forget the pain. Our table began to fill up with drinks
and I got a little drunk. When they announced the last show I
begged to stay.
    They brought in two naked girls wearing helmets to protect
their faces and eyes. The announcer began talking and Joe
interpreted.
    "He is saying that the girls are going to have a whipping
duel. The last one standing will get a hundred dollars. If they
don't whip each other they will be hung back to back and get
eighty lashes to their tits and pussy."
    They were brought to center stage and a rope was run from
their ankles though a floor ring so they could not get away or
get beyond the range of the whips like the one they used on my
back.
    At first they just circled warily but before long the hooded
man became impatient and hit one of them on the butt very hard
with his whip. She retaliated against the other girl with a lucky
lash across both her tits. 
    The war was on. They did not worry about aim they just lashed
out as fast as they could. It was a good thing they were wearing
helmets because lashes hit their bodies from the top of their
head to their feet.
    They were really tough. They hit each other for at least ten
minutes and blood was dripping off their tits stomach and pussy
before one of them sunk to her knees in exhaustion. The winner
confirmed my opinion that women were much meaner than men.
Although she had won and if a man would have stopped she
continued to whip the girl until she became unconscious then
rolled her on her back to send the tip of the whip into her pussy
until blood poured from it and the men grabbed the whip away from
here.
    They gave the winner a fist full of bills and she waved them
triumphantly. According to Joe she yelled that she would be back
next week to win more.
    I was amazed she would be willing to suffer that much for
only a hundred but Joe said a hundred dollars was a fortune to a
mexican peasant.
    My life is really full now. I am able to get enough great
orgasms that I don't mind the times I am simply punished beyond
endurance.
    My body has some scars now but Joe said if they bothered me
he would have them repaired with plastic surgery. I don't want
them removed. I look at them as badges of courage and can get
excited just by standing in front of a mirror tracing them while
remembering the session that caused them.

                             THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





