BDSM Library - Sue




Sue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The exhibitionism at party leads on to more and more exotic things like humiliation and punishments.
                                 SUE 
                               by allene

     I met him as a blind-date. My girlfriend told me her cousin was
visiting and she needed a date for him. She said he was good-looking
and nice but I assumed she was lying since most blind-dates turned out
to be dorks.
     I was flabbergasted when I saw him. He was gorgeous! He was also
polite, very attentive and obviously rich because he insisted on paying
for our dinner and movie that cost him over a hundred dollars.
     Best of all he liked me! He complimented almost everything about
me. When I walked he said I was very graceful and asked if I had dance
training. I was glad To tell him I had ballet and acrobatic dance
training when I was younger and happy Mom had forced me into it since
it seemed to be paying off. He also liked my hair and said I must be an
athlete with such a nice body. Actually I had inherited it from my
mother but I lied and said I did aerobics.
     The one thing he did not mention was my clothes. His were
obviously expensive. He was wearing black leather jeans made of some
very soft leather with a matching sport coat and a white silk shirt. I
was just wearing a scoop neck blouse and skirt from K-Mart. My
girlfriend Barbara was wearing a black leather skirt and spandex tube
top that was very sexy. By that time we had returned to her house since
her folks had left for the weekend. She made some punch using a bottle
of vodka and fruit drinks. It tasted mild but after a few I relaxed.
     She took every opportunity to get up to get us drinks or change
tapes so we could see her butt cheeks and breasts moving under her
clothes.
     I giggled nervously and suggested that he probably should be with
her since their clothes matched.
     He was very nice saying, "You look alright. Clothes that sexy may
embarress you."
     I was hurt. Saying my clothes were alright was hardly a compliment
and he was implying I was a prude.
     "Oh no. I like to look sexy it is just that leather skirts are so
expensive."
     "Any clothes can be sexy if they are worn right. Stand up and I
will show you."
     I wanted to be sexy for him. I stood in front of him and he pulled
down the top of my blouse and my bra straps until the top of my bra
showed. Then he tucked in the top of my bra. The backs of his fingers
were rubbing on my bare breasts very close to my nipples. If it had
been any other boy I would have slapped him but he was not leering and
seemed to be sincere in helping.Then he folded the bottom of my blouse
and tucked it under my bra again his fingers were compressing my
breasts.
     I just kind of stood there dumbfounded while he unzipped my skirt
and pulled it up to shorten the hem just below my butt then tucked the
top into my panties. Now his fingers were touching my butt at the back
and reaching in to my pussy hair in the front. I became really excited.
I had never let a boy get so intimate before and forgot Barbara and her
boyfriend was there until Barbara exclaimed, "God that makes you look
fantastic. I didn't know your tummy was so flat and your boobs look
bigger than ever!"
     That made me blush until Bill said, "Yes anything looks good on a
fabulous body. Susan. Go look in the mirror."
     I felt better knowing he thought I looked beautiful and went to
the mirror. No-one had ever seen my bare stomach since I wore one piece
conservative swim suits my mother bought. I had never been this bare in
front of anyone else before. My stomach was bare from the bottom of my
breasts way below my belly-button and when I turned to look behind me I
saw he had twisted my blouse around my bra to make my back bare to the
dimples on the top of my butt-cheeks.
     Meanwhile Barbara and Charlie her boyfriend, cheered and applauded
while Bill smiled in obvious appreciation. 
     My embarrassment turned to vanity and I walked back exaggerating
the swing of my hips and wishing I was not wearing my tight bra so my
breasts could move provocatively like Barbara's.
     When I got back to him I didn't know what to do. The whole
situation was exciting me and I wanted to fall into his arms but I
didn't want to look like a slut.
     Barbara solved my problem. 
     "She is a beautiful dancer. Have her dance for us Bill."
     Bill said, "That would be lovely. Grace and beauty go together."
     That and the punch was all the encouragement I needed. There was a
slow sexy song playing. I don't know what got into me. Normally I would
have refused but I began to dance. I was not doing any moves that I had
not done in dance recitals but somehow this seemed much sexier to me to
have the tops of my boobs showing and knowing I was flashing my skimpy
bikini panties on bends and pirouettes.
     It was a long song, about half-way through I lifted my arms above
my head which pulled my blouse back up to my shoulders.
     Charlie yelled, "No! Don't cover them. Take it off." 
     Barbara said, "Yes! Do it!"
     I was really excited by then and when I looked at Bill he smiled
and mouthed. "Yes."
     I swear I just meant to take off the blouse to dance in my bra but
the catch in the bra was stuck in my blouse and when I pulled it over
my head the bra went with it. 
     I didn't get a chance to get embarrassed! They all applauded and
Bill said my breasts were too beautiful to ever be hidden.
     When the song ended Bill was smiling and holding his arms open.I
knelt between his legs for his hug and kiss thrilled by the feel of his
silk shirt on my erect nipples.
     Charlie said, "God she has me so turned on. Come on Barbara."
     He took her hand and began leading her upstairs to the bedrooms.
On the way out she told Bill the keys were in the car to take me home
later.
     He began kissing my face and then down my neck until he was
kissing and nibbling on my nipples. I hugged his head to me until his
hands were under my butt to slowly pull me up as his lips moved down my
stomach. 
     I expected him to start back up when he got to my skirt but he
just pulled it down inch by inch as his lips traversed my stomach and
his teeth made gentle bites.
     I was not totally naive. I had played with my pussy but I had
never even heard about what he did next. His tongue slipped between the
lips of my pussy to flutter against my clit. then he would suck or take
little bites to cause just a bit of pain before the fluttering
continued.
     I had no idea sex could be so wonderful. I began orgasms twice as
good as I ever got from playing with myself.
     By then my skirt and panties were at my feet and he began letting
me down to lie on the floor. I watched in fascination while he
unbuttoned his shirt to show his big chest and ridged stomach muscles.
When he unzipped his pants his dick was super hard and standing
straight up. I knew it would be going in my pussy and wondered how it
would be possible since it was tight around my finger.
     He spread my legs and pushed them towards my head. I was so wet
the head slipped in with a stretching feeling then there was a sharp
pain as it tore my hymen. The pain was forgotten instantly as the
orgasms began again from that wonderful dick pumping and gyrating in my
pussy.
     I came several times until he grunted and made a face as he came.
He continued to kiss and hug me until his dick softened and slid out of
me.
     He looked at it to see a little of my blood on it then said, "Just
as I thought. You were a virgin. How have you managed to stay that way
with your beauty and the sexy dancing?"
     "I don't know what brought that on. I have never been so naked in
front of a boy before. I ran away when some boys and girls wanted to
play strip-poker. Are you disappointed that I know nothing about sex. I
hope it was good for you. It was the most fantastically good experience
I have had in my whole life."
     Suddenly I began to cry. "Oh God. You will have to go home soon.
What will I do. There is no boy I even want to talk to after you."
     He just laughed and then hugged me while saying, "I don't live in
another universe. Dad bought me an airplane for graduation. I am only
an hour away. As long as we enjoy each other I can be around a lot. It
will be fun to show you all the ways you can be thrilled since you are
so ignorant about sex."
     There was an implied threat but that was overshadowed by his
promise to give me new thrills.
     "Oh yes. I will be a good student. Can we have sex again now?"
     "You must know my dick has to get hard first."
     "Oh yes! It is three times as big when it is hard. It got hard
from my dance. Would you like me to do it again? I could even do it
naked."
     "No. We have done that. You liked having me lick your pussy.
Didn't you?"
     "Oh yes. I have never felt anything so wonderful."
     "It feels good to me too. Why don't you lick and suck on my dick?"
     That seemed gross but he had licked my pussy so it seemed only
fair.
     "Okay. I'll find a washcloth to wash it first."
     "No. I didn't wash your pussy."
     "But it is gross. It has my blood and sticky stuff on it. I don't
want to."
     "Alright. Get dressed. It is time to take you home."
     "No! No. I'll do it with it dirty."
     It wasn't as bad as I feared. It just left a salty taste in my
mouth and it was thrilling to see it grow until I could no longer get
all of it in my mouth. Then he laid on his back so I could sit on it to
feel it slide into me slowly. I loved the position because I could move
to make it rub and stretch my whole channel while he fondled my breasts
and pinched my nipples.
     He lasted a long time and as I started into orgasm I asked him to
pinch harder and pull on my nipples. The pain just seemed to lead me to
a higher plateau.
     When he took me home I was wonderfully relaxed and slept like a
log.
     The next morning he came over to our place in his rented car and
charmed the pants off my folks. When she invited him to lunch he raved
about her cooking and told Dad how lucky he was to have such a lovely
wife and daughter.
     My Dad was a machinest and when he showed Bill some of his
miniture engines Bill said he was a genius. 
     As a capper he told them our little farm was charming and offered
to take us up in his airplane to take aerial photos of it.
     He had a weird effect on Mom. She always dressed plainly and was
just wearing a baggy house dress when he came but when he said we would
go flying she went to our laundry room and came back wearing a pair of
my short-shorts and a half shirt that bared her stomach below her
navel. Both were too tight for her and I knew she could not be wearing
panties under the shorts because she wore old-fashioned panties that
went above her navel and ther was no bulge in the shorts to indicate
she had rolled them down.
     She looked great but I was shocked since it was so out of
character.
     "Mom! Are you going out in public in that outfit?"
     "Don't I look good? I thought I would let Bill know how you would
look at my age."
     "No. You look great. I have just never seen your tummy before."
     Bill said, "She looks fantastic I will be very proud if Sue looks
that good when she is thirty."
     Mom blushed and said, "Flatterer. I am almost forty."
     She was forty-one but I saw no reason to mention it, especially
when Bill grabbed our waists to push us together to tell Dad we looked
like twins. 
     Dad looked a little embarrassed but had to admit we looked great.
     Mom loved the attention. She pulled back her shoulders to push out
her breasts. The bumps her nipples made in the t-shirt told me she had
not just taken off her panties but also her bra.
     I felt I was in competition with her since she was getting so much
attention from Bill and Dad so before we left I told them I had to go
to the bathroom and took off my bra then tied a knot in the front of my
shirt to get the shirt as close to the base of my boobs as I could and
tight enough to make bumps with my nipples.
     I was amused to see her tie hers too when she got in the car.
     The airplane ride was great. He said his plane was a Cessna 310 it
had two engines and was really pretty.  Mom and Dad got their pictures
and we went back. I know Mom was sorry it was over but I was desparate
to be alone with him.
     As soon as we left home in his car he told me to take off my
shorts.
     "Oh no. I couldn't. Someone might see me."
     "That is what makes it interesting. Are you refusing me?"
     I was sure he would take me home so I did it.
     He immediately went on the freeway then passed huge trucks real
slow making the driver curious enough to look down on us. I clamped my
legs together and bent over to hide but he said. 
     "No. Don't hide! slide forward on the seat and open your legs."
     It should have been super embarressing but the fact he ordered it
relieved my conscience and I began to get excited. By the third truck I
had moved my head closer to the window so I could see the astonished
then happy looks on the driver's face.
     Eventually he tired of the game and took me to a motel for
glorious sex. That started a precedent. From then on I had to earn sex
with some humiliating act. I was more than willing because I was
addicted to orgasms and could no longer get satisfying ones from
masturbation.
     He decided to play the freeway game again but decided my pussy
hair hid me. He shaved it all off before we left to the freeway. I was
really obscene then because the drivers could see my pussy open when he
pulled on my thigh but it was alright because seeing the excitement I
could cause on the driver's faces excited me and it seemed the more
erotic I became brought on even greater sex.
     Eventually he wanted to put his dick in my rectum which I thought
would be the ultimate sacrifice but I found I really liked it
especially since it allowed him to use his fingers on my nipples and
clit.
     The two weeks he was to stay seemed to be over in a day. I was
desolate when he left certain that he had his pick of girls at his town
and I would never see him again. My only hope was that he asked for my
and mom's shoe and clothing sizes so he could send presents.
     I cried for days. Mom tried to console me by saying he had
promised to call and would but I didn't believe it. By then I had
elevated him to the status of a God and was sure he could do much
better than me.
     That night he called but he talked to Mom. She ran up to my room
to tell me that he had called to say there was a country club ball at
his town. It was to be very nice and in hopes that we would come he had
bought clothes for us to wear that would arrive the next day. Mom and I
were really excited but Dad said he would feel out of place in a
country club and that we could go without him.
     When the package arrived Mom and I excitedly ripped open the
package to reveal two beautiful black cocktail dresses and a note that
said, "Since you look like twins you may as well dress like them."
     Along with the dresses were tiny uplift bras that just supported
our boobs under the nipples, tiny panties that were just elastic
strings to hold a small black lace triangle. sheer black stockings, a
lace garter belt and black pumps with real high heels.
     We tried everything on together and I never felt so close to her.
It was like we were sisters or good friends rather than mother and
daughter. 
     The dresses were real short and low cut with a heart shaped cutout
with the top of the heart at the base of our breasts and the point so
low Mom had to shave off some of her pussy hair so it wouldn't show. I
talked her into shaving all of it like mine. I don't know how she
explained it to Dad. They were really sexy but Mom said rich people
were obviously more sophisticated and they would be wearing dresses
like these just like movie stars. Mom said that it would be better if
Dad didn't see them even though they were obviously expensive and we
looked great in them since he was so conservative. That put us in a
conspiracy that made us even closer. I suggested that we go to a beauty
salon to get identical hairdos.
     That night Bill called to make sure our clothes had arrived and if
we liked them. He seemed pleased we did and didn't complain about how
revealing they were. He said the heart cutout would make all the women
jealous of our trim tummies and little waists. That prompted Mom to say
that she was surprised that the dresses were so sexy. She assumed
people at country clubs would be stodgy.
     Bill explained that this ball was for young people and since Mom
could pass for twenty-five she would not be out of place. He said he
would fly in to get us about five then we would have dinner at his
folks place then we could dress for the dance.
     We landed at Seattle then we drove to their house. It wasn't a
house. it was a mansion. Suddenly Mom connected with Bill's last name.
"You said your dad was a lawyer. He is our Congressman! I remember this
house from a magazine."
     Yeah, but Dad prefers being thought of as a lawyer because that is
where most of his money comes from.
     We were really impressed. Dinner was fabulous served by a maid and
his folks were really nice. They apologised that they would not be
going to the dance because they had to fly to Washington later that
night. They left after a few after dinner drinks and Bill said we
should get dressed.
     When Mom and I were alone dressing she said, "God Susan. They
liked us! Do you know how great this could be for you if Bill would
love you as much as you do him? Whatever he wants, you should do it."
     I thought I would test her. "What if he wants sex?"
     "That is alright just let him know you are doing it only because
you love him. God, I wish I had talked to you about sex. Just remember
even things that may seem strange are alright as long as you both like
it."
     I was enjoying this! It seemed like everything I had done with
Bill was alright.
     "What do you mean by strange?"
     "I only know what your Dad likes. Sometimes he likes to be kissed
down there."
     "What do you mean down there?"
     "Oh you know. You are embarrassing me. He likes to have me kiss
and suck on his penis. It isn't so bad. it is clean."
     "I heard about that in sex ed. Anything really strange?"
     She blushed like a school girl. "Well sometimes he likes to spank
my bare bottom. It doesn't hurt really. Just a little sting and it
really excites him. Me too."
     She had not put the dress on yet and her cute round buns were bare
except for the string going up her crack. I could understand why a man
would enjoy the submissiveness of a woman who would let him spank them.
I also could understand how it could excite her. The little pain from
Bill pinching my nipples and lightly slapping my boobs had just added
to my excitement.
     When we dressed Bill was waiting for us in the front room. He said
we looked fabulous and we pirouetted in front of him giggling that he
was so pleased.
     The dance was great! We did not feel out of place at all since a
lot of girls were dressed even sexier than us. Some wore gauzy dresses
that you could see their panties and nipples through and one girl must
have been really proud of her cute round butt because she had an upside
down heart cutout on her back that bared the top of her butt-cheeks.
When her boyfriend danced with her he put his hands under her dress to
squeze her bottom.
     We danced a lot! Me mostly with Bill but Mom was asked by boys
much younger than her and was flattered by the attention. We both drank
a little too much and got a little silly. I had never seen this side of
her. She loved dancing and made no objection when men would hold her
bottom to pull them tight against their bulging crotches.
     Bill noticed we were getting drunk and excited so he said we
should go home.
     When we got there Mom scurried to the bar to make us drinks while
Bill turned on the stereo. A good song came on and Mom and I started to
dance. 
     Bill encouraged us by applauding and saying we looked great. We
giggled and made some sexy moves. When the next song was faster Mom
leaned forward and shook her breasts. They fell out of her dress! She
just giggled and said, "Whoops" and began to put them back in but Bill
yelled, "Leave them out! They look great!"
     She did! I began to feel left out with him staring avidly at her
bouncing boobs. I unzipped my dress and let it slide to my waist. I
tucked my bra under my boobs to bare them completely to have them
bounce and swing to the music. Now I had his attention and when Mom
noticed she also let down her dress top and took off her bra.
     It became a contest. Soon we were dancing close to him so he could
take off the rest of our clothes one by one until we were naked then he
danced with us while we removed his clothes.
     When he was naked he dropped to his knees pulling Mom down with
him then laid on his back and pulled her down on his dick. I again felt
left out until he pulled me down on his face to lick my pussy.
     I was facing Mom. She had this look of wild ecstacy on her face
and was pinching her nipples and lifting her breasts until her nipples
had hardened to look like little thumbs. I tried it and found my
excitement jumped even higher until it was obvious we were in full
orgasm.
     Mom began letting out little screams and then slumped to sit
shuddering on his dick. Suddenly her face clouded and she began to cry.
She jumped up and ran to our room practically howling in grief.
     I was glad to see her go. Now I had him to myself and I laid on
him to kiss him and lick my juices off his face. Then I slid down his
body to lick and suck on his dick so I could get it hard to climb on
it. It wasn't working. He just laid there breathing hard but his dick
stayed soft.
     "What is wrong? It isn't getting hard."
     "I am not Superman. That was a real workout. I am going to need a
rest or something really special to get hard again."
     I locked onto "Something special."
     "Mom said Dad got real excited by spanking her and that it didn't
hurt much. Would you like to try it?"
     "Really! Tell me about it."
     "She didn't give me any details. I guess you could do it any way
you think it would be exciting."
     "When I was a kid a girl told me she hated Catholic school because
the Nuns would tie their hands above their heads and a girl would hold
up her skirt while the Nun spanked her with a strap. The idea excited
me. Would that be okay?"
     "Oh God! That sounds like it would hurt but it might be even more
exciting for you since I would be naked. I guess it would be alright. I
know you won't hurt me too bad."
     "We are all set for this. The chandelier has a winch to lower it
to change bulbs. We can use it to tie you. Tie your stockings around
your wrists while I look for a belt."
     I became excited as I used my teeth to tighten the stockings
around my wrists. I realized this act might make me unique. Some of the
girls at the dance were as pretty as me and rich but I was sure those
spoiled little bitches would never let him hurt them. I decided that
even if it didn't hurt much I would act like it did so he would know
the great sacrifice I was making for him.
     He came back down with a wide thick western belt he was cutting in
two to make an eighteen inch strap.
     I was hoping he would just use his little dress belt but it would
prove my love better if I suffered more.
     He lowered the chandelier and I held up my hands so he could tie
the stockings to it and pull me up until I was on tip-toes.
     It felt good to be stretched and exciting but I thought I would
remind him of the sacrifice I was making.
     "Oh. I feel so helpless. I am at your mercy. You know I would
never let you do this if I didn't love you so much. I'll bet no other
girl would allow it."
     "Yes I know you are proving your love but if it doesn't hurt it
won't prove anything will it?"
     "No. Make it hurt. I promise I won't ask you to stop."
     "Good. Your body looks fantastic stretched like that. Let me show
you."
     He went into a room and came back rolling a huge antique free
standing mirror. When he put it in front of me I saw he was right. My
body had never looked so good. My tummy had gone from flat to concave
and my breasts were high. Even my pussy was pulled up to make a tight
flat slit. I felt very proud and was happy to see that his dick was a
little longer. I didn't think I would be hurt much because I was sure
he would want to fuck me as soon as it was really hard.
     He kissed me and asked if I was ready. The way I looked and the
whole situation seemed to charge me with excitement.
     I moaned, "Yes. Please whip me."
     There was a "Slap!" with a sting and burn across both cheeks of my
butt. I gasped but Mom was right! It hurt but not unbearably. When I
made no protest he began putting them on faster and harder until I felt
heat and tingling to my clit. The spanking was exciting me! Really
exciting me! As much as any foreplay.
     I was wrong about him stopping when he got hard. His dick was
rock-hard but he was still hitting me. By that time I was so excited I
welcomed the lashes to the point I was pushing back my butt to meet
them.
     I don't know how many times he hit me. I was much too excited to
count. Eventually he covered all of my butt and started on the top of
my thighs. This was so close to my pussy electric tingles went to it
directly to bring me to orgasm. He must have mistaken my orgasm for
great pain because he stopped to step in front of me and lifted my legs
up to his waist to bury his dick in my sopping pussy. My orgasms
continued until he began sliding down my body to his knees where he
spread my pussy lips to lick my clit until I was trembling and
pulsating with orgasms and struggling for breath.
     Finally I was so exhausted I let my legs fall from his shoulders.
He lowered the chandelier to untie my wrists and carried me to a huge
davenport where we went to sleep.
     I had this weird dream. I was back in the time of slavery. I
looked the same except I was wearing a dress like the one I had seen in
a history book that covered me to my ankles with only my head, neck and
hands bare. I was standing on a platform with my arms tied above me and
my ankles chained to rings in the floor to spread my legs very wide.
     There was a huge audience in front of me. Both men and women,
white and black. They all seemed excited as they stared at me. There
were two big men on the stage with me. They had their shirts off to
reveal big hairy chests and were wearing black leather hoods on their
heads.
     One of the men stepped forward to hold up his hand to quiet the
crowd who had begun yelling. 
     "The master has decided his wife should be as obedient as his
slaves. Since she refused his request to undress so he could prove her
beauty to his friends she will be naked for all of you and be whipped."
     They took knives out of their belts and began cutting off my
clothes. It took a long time because I was wearing so many.
     It was like a slow strip-tease as my dress then slips and
petticoats were cut off and thrown out to the crowd. The audience
cheered as each piece dropped to the floor to reveal more of my body.
Incredibly this was exciting to me.
     Finally I was down to a cotton half-shirt over my breasts and
pantaloons. Rather than cut off the half-shirt they stuck their hands
under it to press against my boobs and ripped it off.
     The audience cheered louder than ever but they went crazy when
they stuck their hand in to grip my pussy to hold me in position to rip
off the pantaloons.
     The blacks seemed most excited I heard one woman say, "It is about
time one of these white bitches knew how we feel."
     I had my eyes closed. I opened them to see Bill sitting in a big
chair directly in front of me. He was smiling! He got up and handed
whips to the men. They frightened me terribly. They looked like two
black snakes about four feet long. He said something to the man I
couldn't hear but I soon found out.
     The man held up his hand again and when the crowd quieted he said,
     "She will be striped from her armpits to mid-thigh front and back
with close stripes on those parts she wished to hide."
 The crowd went wild and I cringed knowing that must mean my butt,
breasts and pussy.
     I woke up just as I saw the blur of the snake at my breasts.
     I was shaking and sweating but incredibly I was fantastically
excited and when my hand went to my pussy it was wet. I dug frantically
to get a small orgasm but I wanted more.
     I began licking and sucking his dick to wake him but he must have
just incorporated it in a dream because he just groaned and smiled
while continuing to sleep.
     I started nibbling on his ears and when I stuck my tongue in one
he moaned, "Let me sleep. I am having a great dream."
     "Wake up silly. It is morning. I will make your dream come true."
     He sat up and looked at me and I saw his dick twitch and start to
grow.
     "I don't think you will want this dream to come true. You sucked
my dick until it was hard then leaned over to hold on to the back of
the couch and asked me to fuck your ass while I whipped your tits with
the belts."
     I knew that would hurt even more than the spanking but it would
certainly prove my love.
     "That scares me. My breasts are real sensitive but I am your
slave. If that excites you I will let you do it."
     "No. You don't understand. I didn't ask for it. In the dream it
was your idea and you begged me to do it."
     I slid off the couch to kneel in front of him and lick his dick
then excitedly said,
     "Master. Please let me suck you until you are hard so you can fuck
my ass while whipping my breasts." as an afterthought I decided to
offer even more. "If I spread my legs real wide and keep my tummy
tucked in you could hit my pussy too."
     "Oh God Yes!" His dick grew as I watched it and I just licked and
sucked a few seconds before he said, "I am ready."
     I went to the back of the couch and stretched out my arms to make
sure they would not be in the way while bent over. He laid the straps
on my back with the ends dangling from my shoulders in front of my
breasts while he pulled my legs a little further apart. His dick was
slick from my spit and slid in easily once the head had stretched my
anal muscles. He let me work up more excitement by fucking me for
awhile while playing with my clit then I felt the straps sliding on my
shoulders as he picked them up.
     I looked down to watch my breasts swaying with the impact of his
hips to my butt and then a blur as the belt buried itself in my right
breast.  The pain was terrific and before I could absorb it my left
breast exploded. The first two were the worst then I watched in
excitement and fascination as they danced under the belt. I lunged back
at him to bury his dick as deeply as possible and he seemed to use that
to keep cadence. At each lunge one of my breasts would compress and
bounce.
     He stopped for a second then there was a sting to my pussy. I let
my head rest on the couch so I could use my hands to pull my red boobs
apart to see the belt tips hit at the slit to wrench them open. I
sucked in my tummy and tilted my hips forward to allow the tips to come
across my clit. 
     By then I was in full orgasm and when the tip hit directly on my
clit I had such a powerful one I passed out.
     I woke up with me lying back on his chest while he sat on the
couch with my legs on the outside of his spread out knees. He was
caressing some kind of pain killing ointment on my breasts and pussy. I
was surprised that the pain had gone away and my boobs and pussy were
just red and even the redness faded as I watched.
     He said, "I am sorry I hit so hard you had to pass out. Do you
hate me?"
     I thought it would be better for him to think I suffered that much
for him so I didn't tell him the orgasm had caused it.
     No. I love you. I just hope I was conscious long enough to satisfy
your dream."
     "God Yes. I was still hitting you after I came. You totally
drained me. No-one would believe my girl could be so brave."
     I felt a little guilty. Only the first few lashes required bravery
from them on I welcomed the pain.
     "I am not your girl. I am your slave. No. More than that I am your
love slave. A slave might have to be forced to please you. I will do
anything willingly to make you happy."
     He hugged and kissed me then said, "I guess I am your slave too
because I could never find anyone to replace you."
     I snuggled against him happy to have convinced him that I was
impossible to replace.
     I began to play with his dick but he said to forget it and needed
a shower.
     We took a shower together and he gently washed me. It seemed
strange that a man who had hurt me so much could be so gentle and
loving.
     After our shower he told me he had given the servants the weekend
off so he would make breakfast. We were dying of thirst after all the
sweating we had done so we gulped water and then he made drinks of
vodka and orange juice. I offered to make breakfast but he said he made
a great omelette and told me to wake my Mom.
     When I went up to our room the door was locked. I pounded on it to
wake her then told her breakfast was almost ready and to come down.
     In a little while she came down wearing her bathrobe that covered
her from her neck to her ankles. She seemed to avoid looking at us when
she accepted her drink but I just thought that she had become bashful
and it embarrassed her to have Bill and I naked.
     She gulped her drink and part of another then just picked at the
great omelette Bill had made.
     Suuddenly she began to whimper then blubbered, "Bbill could you
take me home?"
     "Mom! Why do you want to go home! Dad expects you to be with me.
if you go home I will have to."
     I know but I can't stay. I feel guilty and ashamed. I drank too
much and your father has not made love to me for awhile but that is no
excuse for my terrible behavior. I let the men at the club fondle my
body to excite me then came back here to betray my husband and seduce
my only daughter's boyfriend. Sue! You should hate me!"
     Bill calmed her by saying, "What you did is natural. After all you
were wearing a sexy dress to encourage the men to fondle you and you
were in a hugely sexy situation. If you feel guilty. Your husband
spanks you sometimes maybe you could give him an excuse to spank you
hard to make amends."
     She looked at me surprised that I would tell Bill her secret but
then said, "Maybe you are right. He has a fantasy of tying me to a tree
and whipping me with a whip he made by braiding leather shoelaces
together. He said it would not hurt much more than the little strap he
used but I have refused. That is why we have not had sex. If I let him
maybe it would relieve my guilt."
     While they were talking I began to think about it. She was right!
She had seduced Bill. She was the one that started it all by showing
her boobs and not arguing about hiding them. I also remembered how hurt
I was when he fucked her first. I also agreed she had betrayed my Dad
and I stress,"My" who had always worked hard to provide for us.
     I said sternly, "No! That is not enough. You know you don't mind
being spanked. Dad's little whip will probably just excite you. You
know he never hits hard. You should be strung up and whipped like they
treated adulteresses in the old days!"
     "Oh God! You do hate me. You are right! I should be punished
severely for my actions. Could you forgive me if I am whipped?"
     "Yes as long as you agree it should be done. I should not have to
force you. You should want it so you can be completely forgiven."
     "You're right. I do want you to do it. Both of you. If your dad
was here he could do it too but I promise as soon as I am home I will
ask him to use his whip on me. Bill do you have a belt or something?"
     Before he could answer I said, "No. It should be more like a whip.
Do you have a willow tree?"
     "Yeah, there is one behind the house."
     "Good. Mom get a cleaver from the kitchen and cut two switches.
Make them long to look like a whip."
     She whimpered, "That will hurt awfully. My Dad used willow
switches on me. Even on top of my cotton panties it hurt."
     "It is supposed to hurt. Remember?"
     She sobbed and started toward the door but I stopped her. "Wait.
Take off your clothes.I want you to feel the air on your body and be
aware of what is about to happen to it."
     She sobbed and took off her robe to reveal the tiny bra and pantie
set. I began to wonder if she had put on an act hoping to be forgiven
just by confessing so she could have more sex. If she was sincere I
would have expected her to be fully dressed under the robe or at least
wearing her conservative bra and panties.
Without prompting she took off the bra and panties looking ashamed then
peeked around the door to make sure no-one was around before hurrying
to the backyard.
     When she was out of sight Bill said, "I am surprised anyone as
sweet as you could be so mean. You aren't really going to hurt her are
you?"
     "Yes. She deserves it. If I ever betrayed you I would want to be
whipped until I couldn't stand anymore and passed out."
     You should tell her that so she will know she is not being forced
into anything you would avoid."
     When she came back she said, "I am sorry I took so long. It took
awhile to find two straight ones the same length. Daddy always had me
cut switches as tall as I was so I cut these the same. Are they
alright?"
     God yes they were. I expected her to cut much smaller ones. I told
her to pull off all the twigs and leaves to make them look more like
whips. I felt excited and powerful to have her prepare her torture
instruments. They looked enough like the black snake whips in my dream
to determine how she should be tied. Of course there were no rings in
the floor so I had Bill drag a heavy coffee table under the chandelier.
     When she was done with the switches that were now whips she humbly
gave one to Bill and then to me. I still wanted to make her prepare her
own torture. so I told her to tie her ankles to the coffee table then
tie the other stockings around her wrists.
     I was curious about how she would do it.There was plenty of slack
in the stockings if she wanted she could just tie the ends to the legs
and her ankles to keep her legs together but she didn't ask if that
would be alright she just wrapped the stocking around her right ankle
and table leg then spread her left leg about four feet over to the
other table leg to tie it the same way. By the time she finished with
her wrists she was trembling and her body was covered with a sheen of
perspiration. Bill raised the chandelier until the legs of the coffee
table lifted slightly. Her arms were not only supporting her weight but
about half of the heavy marble coffee table. It had a marvelous effect
on her body. At her age she naturally had a little sag in her boobs
that disappeared completely, her stomach sunk in and her waist
narrowed. She looked so great I got the mirror to show her. 
     Her comment was, "Yes it looks good and it will soon be covered
with red stripes as testament for my sin as it should be."
     "What makes you think it will be covered with stripes. I never
said we would hit your front."
     "Because you must. My bare tummy encouraged the men at the club,
my bottom was fondled, my breasts helped to seduce Bill and my pussy
begged for sex. All of them must suffer."
     "I agree. If I betrayed Bill I would expect to be whipped
terribly. How many lashes do you think it should take for you to be
forgiven? I thought maybe fifty."
     "Oh that will hurt terribly I have never taken more than fifteen
but it may take even more to make my breasts and crotch totally red and
to have stripes on my tummy and thighs."
     "You don't think your butt should be hit?"
     "Yes it should be covered completely. Stranger's hands were all
over it."
     "I don't think you need more than fifty to be forgiven."
     "Maybe not but I must be able to forgive myself. No matter how I
beg, you should not stop unless I am bleeding."
     It suddenly occurred to me that she may be able to overcome pain
with excitement and the numbing of nerves from repeated blows. She
could end up looking braver than me. I became diabolical.
     "Since you have never had more than fifteen we will just give you
sixteen to each place then give you a break." 
     "Oh would you! That is more than I deserve. If you don't think I
am suffering enough you can do more." 
     Bill got on one side an I on the other to alternate stripes on her
butt. She squealed and tremored with each one. When we moved to the
front with Bill hitting one breast and I the other she would howl in
pain when the switch buried itself in her nipple but it would pop back
out seeming to beg for more.
     When we moved to her crotch we hit down diagonally bringing loud
screams when the tip hit her rectum or entered the open gash of her
pussy. When we quit it looked like she was wearing a diagonally striped
bikini.
      Her face had a wild look with glazed eyes. I could not tell for
sure if she was in terrible pain or glorious orgasms but I was sure she
was either in orgasm or very close when she begged us to continue.
     I felt very evil but intoxicated by my power when I said, "Oh no
mom. You have suffered enough for now. You should have a break."
     We stepped back to watch her in fascination as tremors and
shuddering breaths shook her body with a look of frustration on her
face.
     When her breathing returned to normal I told Bill to stripe her
stomach while I striped the front of her thighs. She opened her eyes
wide and shook her head but did not protest. She clenched her eyes and
set her jaw when she saw our whips going back for the "Swish." through
the air before the "Snap!" against her flesh. She screamed and I knew
the break and the new area was causing great pain.
     She seemed to be able to take the stripes to her stomach and
thighs better her excitement increased very fast and to my amazement
she even brought her hips forward when I was at the top of her thighs
to let the lash cross the upper lips of her pussy.
     Since that was what she seemed to want we moved to the back to
stripe her thighs I let the tip hit her pussy and Bill did the same.
     When we quit to watch her again she looked frustrated and was
twisting and pumping her hips as if there was an invisible dick in her.
Bill watched open-mouthed then said, "God! I need a drink!" I told him
to bring drinks back for Mom and me.
     While I was waiting for him I heard Mom moan, "Oh God I was so
close!" This confirmed that she cpuld become excited by pain like me.
     I gulped mine then pulled her head up to put the glass to her
lips. She drank it as fast as I tilted the glass then took a deep
breath and breathed out, "Is it over?"
     "If you want it to be. There is still some white on your breasts
and crotch. Look at yourself."
     She stared groggily at herself then moaned, "The white parts are
the under side of my breasts and the center of my pussy. That will hurt
terribly. This time please don't stop until you are completely
finished."
     Bill said, "God! She can take more! It would be easier to hit
those places if we let her down to lean back over the table."
     I agreed and when Bill let down the chandelier I got a big pillow
off the couch to raise her butt higher and let her breasts sag toward
her face. She looked really obscene. Her pussy lips were open so wide
you could see the pink inner parts and the bulge of her engorged
clitoris. She was so wet her pussy juice was dripping onto her asshole.
     That made me lose any compassion for her. When Bill asked if I
wanted to do her breasts or pussy I chose her pussy. I planned to get
screams at each lash.
     Bill had untied her hands to get the chandelier out of the way. He
told her to pull her breasts toward her face by her nipples. That let
her know her nipples would not be hit and she pinched them to pull her
tits forward until the skin was tight.
     I told Bill to take his time and hit slowly so he could aim
carefully but I really just wanted to torture her by making it last a
long time.
     I nodded to Bill to hit first and he brought one down just below
her nipples. She just gasped and pulled her nipples even tighter
     I stood between her legs and hit her right pussy lip with the tip
hitting just above her pubic bone. I was gratified by a small scream.
     The screams became louder when the lower part of the switch hit
her pink parts to redden the area at her pubic bone.
     I had a much smaller area to redden than Bill and should have quit
sooner but my lashes were bringing on the screams. When Bill said one
more lash would do it I don't think she heard him. She was gibbering
and jerking on her nipples.
     I decided to make the last lash memorable and brought the tip down
directly on her clitoris. She screamed so loud veins popped out on her
forehead then she just kind of went into convultions.
     Bill and I were so excited we fucked before turning her loose. She
was just limp so Bill carried her to bed and we used his salve on her
while she moaned in her sleep.
     We went back downstairs and mixed a drink then Bill picked up the
switch and swished it through the air.
     "Are you curious about the way this feels?"
     "No. I could tell from Mom it hurts awful."
     "I guess you would have to be really brave and love me a lot to
hold out your tits by the nipples so I could whip them like your Mom."
     Oh God. It was another test. I brought it on myself by having Mom
cut the switches. I just wished she had cut smaller ones. I was not
sure my special talent could convert that much pain to excitement.
     "How many times did you hit Moms boobs?"
     "Eighteen. Why?"
     I shuddered and said quaveringly, "You can hit mine twenty."
     "You know that will hurt a lot don't you?"
     I had a dim hope that he would be satisfied just by my offer.
     "Oh yes! Don't you want to do it?"
     "I want you to ask me to do it."
     I took a deep breath and said, "Please whip my tits while I hold
them for you by my nipples."
     "Good. We will do the tops first. Kneel and pull them out as far
as you can."
     I had one big advantage over Mom. I knew I would have sex when
this was over. His dick was already hardening from seeing me abjectly
kneeling and pulling on my nipples until my breasts formed cones.
     He stepped back so he could use the whole length of the switch and
rested the tip at the edge of my boob. He warned me to bend my head
back so he wouldn't hit my face then I heard a "Whirr" and felt this
white hot sting across both boobs. I looked down sure that they were
cut and was surprised to see just a red line.The pain receded and I
realized he was waiting for me to get my head out of the way so I
leaned it back again. This time the pain began its familiar radiation
to my clit helped along by the extra pain I was causing by my grip on
my nipples as my boobs jerked from the switch.
     When he finished with the tops I had perfectly straight lines
across them. They seemed hot and swollen. He helped me up and led me
over to the couch to lean back for the ones to the bottoms. I kept pain
alive with a steel grip on my nipples and when I leaned back I pulled
them up and together to put my nipples next to my mouth.
     That gave him an idea. He had me open my mouth and bite down on my
nipples. While I held them in my teeth he pulled my arms down so I
could get my fingers in my pussy. Bringing my arms down caused my boobs
to pull down harder so I had to bite down more to keep them in my
mouth.
     He began hitting them and at each searing lash I would
involuntarily bite them. In seconds I was cumming  and what seemed like
seconds later he had stopped whipping and was fucking me. He pulled one
breast out of my mouth so he could chew and pull like a dog chewing a
bone until he came and pulled out. I was so exhausted from the pain and
orgasms I collapsed to the floor. When he got his breath he carried me
to bed and I went to sleep.
     We slept late. when we went downstairs Mom was making breakfast
stark naked. When I asked how she was she said, 
     "I am fine. I stayed naked so you could see. I don't have any cuts
anywhere. See?"
     She turned slowly in front of us obviously enjoying our fingers
tracing the still light red lines and feeling the still slightly
swollen inner lips of her light red pussy.
     "Isn't it amazing. Last night I was in so much pain I thought I
might die but now it is barely evident that I was whipped. Not only
that I feel great! All that pain seems to have relieved my guilt for
every wrong thing I have ever done in my whole life.
     I am glad I was such a slut because if I hadn't I wouldn't have
been punished and would still be feeling guilty for not making my
husband happy. I am going to honor my promise too. When I get home I am
going to tell him he can use his whip on me even on my more sensitive
places. Don't you see what a wonderful thing you did for me? Now I can
do anything he wants because if it makes me feel guilty he can whip me
until I forgive myself."
     She was so enthusiastic about being whipped I was sure she had
been brought to orgasm and wanted to see if she would admit it.
     "Mom didn't the whipping get you sexually excited."
     "No! Well it was a little exciting to be outside naked and to be
tied but the whips just hurt until my guilt began to leave and then
when you whipped my most guilty parts I felt an ecstacy that proved I
was forgiven!"
     "Couldn't that have been an orgasm?"
     "No! I have been married a long time. I know what an orgasm feels
like. This was nothing like it. It is impossible for me to explain. It
must be like the people who are saved on the religeous programs on TV."
     That proved she believed that God would reward total repentense
and also that she had never received a really great orgasm. I let it
drop and suggested we go swimming in their huge pool. She agreed to
swim and sunbathe nude when Bill convinced her she was punished enough
to indulge herself at least for the rest of the weekend especially
since she would be punished again at home.
     It was obvious she loved being naked outside in the sun and
breeze. Evidentally Bill was satisfied we had been whipped enough so we
just played and made love. Mom refused to be fucked saying that she had
not been punished enough to betray her husband again but after he
bought us another more conservative dress and took us to a great
restaurent she decided it would be alright to give Bill a blow-job
since she would not enjoy it. I was not sure of that. She dug at her
pussy all the time she sucked him and swallowed his cum. She even
licked her lips to get all of it.
     Mom got a little sunburn to make even the harshest lines
disappear. She said it didn't matter because she was never naked at
home unless it was dark but I knew she was relieved she would not have
to hide her body from Dad.
     The next night Bill took us home. Mom ran to Dad with open arms
and kissed him as if she had been gone for months.
     She must have fucked his brains out because in the morning he
looked tired but was all smiles and kissed her goodbye for the first
time in months.
     We went shopping and when I decided to get some nylon short shorts
for running to keep in shape for Bill Mom got some too.
     When Dad came home she was wearing them with a tight T-shirt. He
couldn't resist patting her round silky bottom and when he did he said,
"What is this? You don't have panties on under these. Don't you think
that is a little naughty?"
     She giggled and whispered something in his ear. He looked shocked
then smiled.
     They figited all through dinner and after Dad gave me some money
and the car keys and suggested I go to a movie.
     I knew then she had told him it was okay to whip her because I had
always had to beg for the car keys.
     I teased them by taking my time by showering then putting on black
pants and shirt then a coat with a hood to hide my blonde hair. I was
sure the tree he would want to tie her to was in a little canyon behind
our house. Although our nearest neighbor was a long way off I was sure
he would want her away from the road. I took some binoculars in case I
could not sneak close enough to see them well.
     I drove the car a little ways down the road and parked it behind
some bushes. I got back just in time to see them coming out the back
door.
     There was more to his fantasy than she had told me and I realized
he had done more than the simple spankings she had described because it
was just too big a leap to this.
     She was wearing a big dog collar with chains coming from it
running down between her legs and back up to the collar. There was also
a thick heavy chain hanging from her breasts. I picked up the
binoculars for a closer look and shuddered in empathy to see the chain
was hanging from spring clamps to her nipples and there was a rope
running under her breasts to her collar to keep her breasts from
hanging down.
     I looked at her face and each step was making her wince. I looked
down at her pussy and saw the other reason for wincing. The chains were
buried in her pussy and ass-crack. I knew that each step would rub and
pinch her clitoris.
     I looked down at her feet and saw she was wearing the highest
stilleto heels I had ever seen. She was walking on her toes and there
would be no way she could walk down that rocky path without stumbling
to cause the chain to jerk on her pinched nipples. Suddenly the chain
jumped to make her gasp and moan and I realized he had snapped a small
dog leash to the chain and was leading her by it. The jerk on her chain
made her stumble to make it jump more. I swear her nipples stretched
from the weight until they were as long as my thumbs.
     I followed silently in my tennis shoes. It was easy to stay out of
sight by travelling behind the bushes to the right of the path in the
light of the moon.
     As we went deeper in the canyon under trees it became much darker
and I had to be careful not to stumble even with my tennis shoes. In
her heels she stumbled a lot each time causing gasps or whimpers. 
     I was afraid it would be too dark for me to see anything but Dad
had thought of that. There was four piles of wood and shavings. When he
lit them it revealed a scene you might see in some pagan ceremony.
Ropes with leather cuffs hung from the limbs of two trees and other
ropes came from their trunks.
     He took the chain off her nipples to cause a little shriek when
the blood returned to them then unbuckled her neck collar to pull the
chains out of her pussy. The way they glistened in the firelight made
it plain how wet her pussy had become.
     He dropped the chains into a leather bag and pulled out a whip.
They must have developed some kind of ritual because she dropped to her
knees to lean over to kiss his feet then straightened up to kiss the
whip.
     After that she walked under the ropes and spread her legs very
wide to be next to the ankle cuffs. I realized that when she spread her
legs for us it had been nothing new for her. She had not gone into any
detail about her spankings and I had assumed he had just taken her over
his lap. Obviously she had been tied for them.
     One thing was obviously new. Once she was stretched in an X shape
Dad dangled the whip in front of her. She looked at it in fear.
     I would have too. It really looked evil. There was six tightly
braided thongs coming out of a handle with knots at the ends. The
thongs were different lengths to spread the knots over a large area.I
could see that each lash would leave stripes about four inches wide.
     I sneaked closer so I wouldn't have to use the binoculars until I
was behind a bush about eight feet away.
     Dad stepped behind her and began forehanding and back handing her
butt. She got a stricken look on her face but managed to suppress her
screams. I was disappointed that I could not see the effect of the lash
and was wondering if I could sneak past to get behind her when Dad
swung the whip up from the ground to come between her legs to explode
against her pussy. It was wild! Stripes with red blossoms caused her
pussy to shudder as she let out an agonized scream. 
     Then her left breast became striped with one knot landing on her
nipple which was dragged back when he drew it back to hit her other
breast to bring another scream. 
     Then he brought the whip down diagonally over her left hip to
crash again against her pussy. Some of the knots entered her open gash
causing her to scream and shake her head but he ignored her to bring
another over her right hip. Again knots went inside and when he jerked
back the whip her gash was pulled wide open.
     It went on and on with either her breasts or pussy jerked out of
shape but her screams changed to moans and she began pumping her hips
back and forth until she screamed, "Mercy! Mercy!" 
     It must have been a code word between them because he immediately
dropped the whip and got in front of her to drop his pants and drive
his dick in her pussy.
     She became hysterical. She screamed and giggled as he grabbed her
hips to drive in his dick faster and faster until he grunted and came.
     At the start of the whipping I had reached under my clothes to
pinch my nipples and clit in rhythmn with the lashes so I came with
him. Thankfully they were too absorbed to hear my little scream. 
     When they got their breath he unbuckled her cuffs and carried her
towards the house. I was exhausted and laid on the ground for awhile
caressing my tortured nipples and clit before walking back to the car.
     When I looked at the clock I was amazed to find less than an hour
had gone by. It seemed impossible so much had happened in such a short
time.
     I knew I had to kill some time before going home in order to keep
them thinking I had gone to a movie so I drove into town to shop at the
mall.
     It seemed like every time I turned around I was either seeing
skimpy underwear, belts or other things to remind me of my experiences.
I became more and more agitated. When I ended up in a western store
fondling a riding quirt I knew my pussy must be wet. 
     My eyes were closed while I fantasized about being whipped with it
when the clerk came up behind me to say, "May I help you?"
     I turned and recognized him. "I know you. Do you remember me?"
     He grinned then said, I don't think so. I wouldn't forget anyone
as pretty as you."
     "It was eight years ago. I was only eleven years old and looked a
lot different. You caught me shoplifting and gave me a spanking."
     I had erased the experience from my memory. Probably because I
knew I should not have been excited it."
     He immediately became defensive. "Look. That was a long time ago.
It won't do you any good to complain now."
     "I am not complaining. I was glad you did it rather than report me
to the police. My Dad would have killed me. I really felt guilty! You
could have spanked me a lot longer and harder. I deserved it. I still
feel guilty."
     I remember you now, but you were real skinny then. You didn't have
much butt to spank. You were different than the other girls. You were
wearing a jumpsuit and when I told you I would give you a spanking you
took it off without being told and leaned over my desk in nothing but
your little panties."
     "I guess I thought that was the way you would want me so the
spanking would hurt with the little strap you had."
     " I did but I would never have got the nerve to tell you to take
off your clothes. I am not a security guard anymore. I own this store."
     "Do you miss spanking girls?"
     "Well I have to admit it was pretty exciting. Especially older
girls."
     "I am older now. What if I stole this quirt."
     "That costs fifty dollars. You would get fifty spanks."
     "I suppose I would have to take off my blouse and skirt so it
would be like last time."
     He grinned and a saw a bulge growing in his pants.
     "Oh yes! Definitely. A big girl like you would barely feel that
strap on top of your clothes."
     I was so excited I could barely breathe. I stuck the quirt down my
collar between my tits and said quaveringly. "I have stolen it."
     He told me to go back to the office while he ran to the front to
lock up and put out the closed sign.
     While I waited I took out the quirt and put it on his desk. I
wanted the excitement to last so when he returned I very slowly
unbuttoned my blouse to show him I was not wearing a bra then slowly
unbuttoned and unzipped my skirt to slide it down slowly to bare my
shaved pussy.
     He looked awestruck. "God you are beautiful. The bare crotch is
really sexy."
     "Thank you. Since I stole the quirt I suppose that is what you
should use on me."
     He looked shocked. "Are you sure? That will hurt a lot."
     "Yes. Too much to get all fifty on my poor bottom but if you
spread them around on my body it would be all right."
     "You mean like on your back and thighs?"
     "Oh no! I want to wear a bathing suit tomorrow and this may leave
welts. Just put them on my bottom, my tummy, my boobies and my crotch."
     "Oh God that will hurt. Do you think you can take that without
screaming?"
     "To make sure I do I will make a deal. If I make even a little
scream you can gag me and make it a hundred spanks but if I don't you
can reward me by fucking me afterward to make me forget the pain."
     "Oh yes! You would deserve a reward."
     I didn't realize until much later what a stupid idea that was. If
he had wanted to give me a hundred lashes He would only have to hit me
very hard. On the other hand if he mainly wanted to fuck me he might
have given me wimpy spanks that would not have excited me. Fortunately
he had enough experience to know just how much I could take.
     I told him I didn't think I would be able to stand still for my
whipping. He was prepared for that and pulled out some leather cuffs
attached to his desk legs.
     "Normally you would be tied bent over my desk top but since we
need your front accessible I will tie you facing out. I wish I had a
hook in the ceiling we will just tie your hands behind your back."
     When I was tied he said, That is almost perfect."
     "It was! My legs were spread wide but my butt was still above the
desk and with my hands tied behind me my boobs were pushed out. Best of
all there was a mirror on the wall to let me see my body trembling in
anticipation. 
     He must have wanted my boobs pushed out more because he took
another strap to pull my elbows together at the back. This made me arch
my back to push out my boobs as far as they would go. They looked great
in the mirror. 
     I saw him in the mirror bring back the quirt and braced myself for
the lash to my butt.
     He fooled me! Evidentally my boobs were just too inviting. The
quirt came across them just above my nipples to leave a red line with a
blotch at the end that had a leather loop. In pain and surprise I made
a little yelp.
     "Is that a scream?"
     I knew already a hundred lashes with that quirt would kill me. I
let out a shuddering breath and said, "No. Honest. You just surprised
me. I expected you to hit my butt first."
     I can't afford to have you scream with the stores still open
around me. This will suppress the noise and still let me know if you
are screaming."
     He told me to open my mouth and pushed a rubber ball in it that
had strings to tie behind my head.
     I was suddenly frightened because I knew that he could do anything
to me and I could not scream for help. My fright subsided a little when
he felt my breasts and said they were firm and beautiful and he would
not cause them any great harm.
     Maybe not great harm but certainly a lot of pain. He put stripes
across them about a half inch apart obviously enjoying watching them
jump and bounce with each lash then started down my stomach. When he
got below my navel he stopped!
     By then I was fantastically excited and didn't want him to stop
when I was so close to orgasm. I pumped out my hips to make my pussy a
better target.
     He said, "I assume your suit is the high rise type."
     He began hitting down on it so the quirt hit my pubic bone and
bent around to follow my slit and let the thong at the end snap against
my asshole. I began a series of orgsms which increased in intensity
when he reached behind me saying "It is probably a thong type suit."
     He began whipping down the open crack of my butt. I could see the
loop at the end pushing my pussy lips aside to snap against my clit. I
was in mind boggling orgasms when he pushed my back on the desk and
dropped his pants to drive his prick into my burning gash.
     I must have passed out. The next thing I knew was flashing lights.
I opened my eyes to see I was lying on my back on the floor and he was
taking polaroid pictures of my spread eagled striped body.
     He explained, "I never want to forget how you look. When will you
come back to steal something else? You obviously had great orgasms."
     "I should have expected that. I meant it to be just a one night
stand that would never have happened if I had not been so excited from
watching Mom. I was afraid to tell him that because I had obviously
been screaming into the gag and might want to give me the other fifty
lashes.
     "I don't know. It may take some time to heal and to forget how
much it hurt."
     "It won't take very long and orgasms from straight sex will be
nothing after this. When you come back I will have hooks in the ceiling
and a choice of whips."
     "That sounds exciting but I had better get Home. Mom is waiting
for me."
     He helped me dress then told me to hurry back.
     I planned to stay a long way from that mall and his store. Not
because he had hurt me so badly but because letting him whip me seemed
to betray Bill.
     When I got home Mom and Dad was asleep. I went to bed to put salve
on my welts but that just reminded me of the excitement they had
brought on so I played with my now very sensitive clit until I came and
went to sleep.
     I slept great and woke feeling refreshed. I jumped out of bed to
see if there were any marks left on me from my whipping.
     He must have not hit my stomach very hard because the red lines
had gone away but there were purple lines crossing my pussy and one
deep purple line connecting my nipples. There was not a mark on my butt
until I spread my cheeks. That revealed bruises on the crack and the
lower lips of my pussy.
     Although it looked kind of bad the marks would never prove how
much pain I had endured. I was glad though to know that my skin would
be perfect again for Bill.
      The man had done a perfect job. When I tried on my bathing suit
not one mark showed. It looked a little lame after being naked so much
and I put on shorts and halter to shop for a bikini to satisfy my new
urge to exhibit myself.
     I was starving so I went downstairs for breakfast.
     Mom was washing dishes in a black satin nightgown.
     "Wow Mom! That is really sexy. Where is the fluffy bathrobe you
usually wear?"
     "Do you think so? It feels good on my skin and my bathrobe is too
hot."
     "Your skin is probably tender. I could tell by the antsy way you
two were acting at dinner that he would use his whip on you. How was
it?"
     I thought you might be suspicious. It hurt a lot. I was properly
punished for what I have done."
     I wanted to see if she would give me the details so I asked,    
"Did he just spank your butt?"
     "Well no. I was not honest with you about my spankings. Your Dad
kind of lost interest in sex until my birthday when he suggested I
should get a birthday spanking. It seemed to excite him so I let him do
it. It made him into an animal! It didn't hurt bad but it made him so
excited he made love to me twice in one night. He hadn't done that
since our honeymoon. 
     It didn't last. In a few weeks he had lost interest again so I
told him I had driven too fast and almost wrecked the car to earn
another spanking. It got him excited again and from then on either he
or I would come up with a reason. Eventually he began using a strap
instead of his hand. Eventually we both became less excited by spanking
my buns so I suggested that I was too old to have my skirts raised to
be spanked. He agreed and had me get naked for my "Punishment" and
began hitting other areas. Eventually he spanked my boobs and pussy but
not hard."
     "What about last night?"
     It was about the same except his new whip hurt more. Why?"
     "Mom! You are lying to me! I was sure he was going to whip you
last night because you both were so antsy at dinner. I thought that if
you agreed to let him tie you to a tree it had to be one in the canyon
so I sneaked down there. I saw everything!"
     "Oh God! I didn't want you to know how perverted I had become.
Your Dad had never hit me long and hard enough to bring on more than
excitement. When you and Bill whipped me I felt real guilty and when I
received the ecstasy at the end I honestly believed it was from the
release of guilt.
     Last night I didn't feel guilty at all. I just wanted him to be
fantastically excited so he could make love to me for a long time so I
could get an orgasm. I even suggested I should wear the chain outfit he
had made to make him more excited. Before just wearing the chains while
dancing to part of a song was enough to get him hard. I wanted him hard
before he even started whipping me.
     I knew he was getting more creative but when he lit the fires by
the trees and I saw the ropes I was so thrilled I could feel my clit
getting hard. I felt like I was in some jungle pagan ceremony. I even
imagined there were hundreds of black people I could not see watching
me from the darkness.
     Do you see what I mean. None of this was punishment. I asked for
all of it. I must be the world's biggest slut. When he showed me the
whip it looked so evil it frightened me but when it hit the fantastic
pain sent thrills to every part of me and the more it hurt the more
thrilling it became. You were right! It was not a release of guilt. It
was fantastic orgasms. When he fucked me at the end the orgasms
continued lessening slowly to make it seem to last for hours. 
     You didn't see the end. He was so sweet to me after he carried me
to bed. He kissed and licked every hurt place even my pussy and rectum
then caressed salve on me until I fell asleep.
     This morning he told me he could never ever love anyone as much as
me and promised never to hurt me that much again."
     "God Mom. No-one could blame you. Just watching was so thrilling I
almost tore off my nipples trying to get my own orgasms. I have
something to tell you too."
     I told her my experience at the store and showed her the riding
quirt.
     "Sue! How could you betray Bill. I thought you loved him."
     "I do! But I am like you. I was so excited after seeing you
whipped I needed an orgasm more than any dope addict needed his dope."
     "Yes that is how I felt when I betrayed your father but at least I
see him every day and know now he can give me fantastic orgasms anytime
I need them. Bill is a long way off, what will you do to stay away from
that man at the store?"
     I guess I will just have to resist temptation knowing my orgasms
will be even greater by waiting for him."
     "I hope you can. I don't want you to go back to that man. He is a
deadend. He would never marry you and you wouldn't want him as a
husband anyway. Did he mark you badly?"
     "No. I'll show you." I slipped off my shorts and shirt to show my
bruises."
     "They will last a few days. How would you explain them to Bill? He
has only hit you hard enough to get you red."
     "I don't know. That is another reason to stay away from the man at
the store. Speaking of bruises. What did Dad's whip do to you?"
     "My bruises will last longer than yours. See?"
     She slipped off her nightie and her body had some fine lines but
the main bruises were where the knots hit making her breasts and pussy
look like she was wearinf a purple polkadotted bikini.
     I touched one close to her nipple and asked if it still hurt.
     "No. Yours don't do they?"
     She was right. There was no pain at all although she agreed it
really hurt to get them.
     Feeling each others bruises made us excited because it made us
remember what caused them so I pulled back and said we had better stop
before I had to go back to the mall.
     She agreed and we got dressed but I couldn't look at her even
dressed without picturing her hanging from the ropes so I told her I
was going shopping for a bikini but not at the mall with the western
store. She agreed it might calm me down.
     I went to the downtown mall miles from the western store. I picked
up a half-dozen of the tiniest bikinis they had and took them to the
dressing room to try them on. The doors to the dressing rooms only hid
you from mid-thigh to my armpits but I had never thought much about it
before because only women had been in the area.
     This time it was different. I heard a woman say, "Sit there so you
can help me pick out a dress." I looked over the door to see a man
about my Dad's age sitting on a chair. He was looking at me!  I acted
like I didn't notice and changed into each bikini putting both pieces
on the edge of the door so he would know I was naked while I picked out
another. It was fun to see him staring. He was practically drooling.
When his wife said, "I don't like any of these. I am going to find some
others. Just stay put." I used the opportunity to put on a tiny thong
bikini and open the door to say, "Do you like this one?"
     I turned slowly to show my butt totally bare except for a little
strap going up the crack. 
     Suddenly his wife yelled, "What are you doing. Quit staring at
that little tramp. We are leaving!"
     I giggled at the little wimp as his wife bitched at him all the
way out of the store but I loved the effect the suit had on him and
bought it. I would have worn it down the street if I hadn't been afraid
of being arrested.
     I shopped some more but there were no men around dressing rooms so
I finally went home to sunbathe in my new suit.
     When I put it on I discovered that the bottom of the triangles
would slide on the string going around my back. I pinched the bottom
together to make it even more sexy. Now there was just a narrow band
barely covering my nipples. I liked the effect and got some thread to
tie them that way.
     I began to play with the panties and found there was enough slack
in the elastic ribbon going around my waist to pinch it together and
loop thread around it.
     When I was done there was just a little pink from my nipples
peeping out the edge of the cloth and the bottom just hid the slit of
my pussy. As an after thought I pulled the strap into the crack of my
butt until it disappeared.
     It was perfect for subathing. I would have tan lines only at my
nipples and a narrow line at my pussy.
     I went out to the backyard with my radio to lie on a blanket but
then some songs I liked came on so I began dancing. I had no audience
so I imagined one discovering that if I shook my boobs my nipples would
pop out and if I pulled on the part covering my gash the satiny
material would rub on my clit.
     I spent the afternoon alternately dancing to get me excited in
front of my imaginary audience then lying on the blanket to calm down
so I could excite myself again.
     Time flew and Mom called to have me help make dinner. When I went
in Dad was sitting on one of the kitchen chairs.
     He looked at me shocked then angrily said, "Jesus Christ! What are
you wearing?"
     "It is my new bathing suit Daddy. It will let me get really tan."
     "Bathing suit my ass! Girls at the GOGO joint aren't that naked."
     Mom was no help. "It shouldn't show that much. I saw it on a
manniken and the pants were wider and the top had triangles to hide her
breasts. She has altered it."
     "Come here!"
     I went over to him and he found the thread I had used to pinch it
all together.
     "You really want to look like a slut. Don't you?"
     He was right but I protested, "No Daddy. I just didn't want tan
lines."
     Mom said, "She is lying. No decent clothes would show tan lines
from a bikini. She should be punished."
     He was quick to agree, "Yes she should. Sue, go get my strap off
our bedroom wall."
     I walked slowly to their bedroom with mixed feelings. I knew the
spanking would excite me but it seemed weird to have my Dad do it now
that spanking was no longer punishment like it was when I was a kid.
     When I entered the bedroom I saw the strap along with his knotted
whip and the chain costume Mom had worn. My clit twinged as it grew and
any misgivings were forgotten. I grabbed the strap and hurried back to
him.
     He was still sitting on the kitchen chair and pulled me over his
lap then took the strap from my hand. 
     He began spanking my butt hard enough to make delightful stings
that made vibrations go to my clit. I wriggled in excitement while the
bulge in his pants pressed against my hip. Before I had hated his
spankings on my panties but now it was just exciting. 
     Just as I was about to peak Mom Yelled, Look at what the little
slut has done now. She has bared her nipples. They should be punished
too!"
     He pushed me off his lap onto the floor. I looked down to see my
wriggling and brushing my boobs on his legs had pulled the cloth off
both nipples.
     He had Mom sit in the chair and put my back to her. She pulled off
my top then wrapped her arms around mine and pushed her knees in my
back while I knelt with my legs spread. When she pulled back on my arms
with her knees in my back my boobs were pushed out trembling and making
perfect targets. I was panting in excitement making my boobs heave. He
watched them for a moment then brought back the strap.
     He hit them up, down and sideways but almost always hitting a
nipple. He still didn't hit hard just making stings that brought more
excitement as they seemed to radiate through my body. My excitement
soared and just as it peaked Mom said, "She was showing off this too."
and jerked up on the material at my pussy to pull it into my slit and
rub on my clit. I went into orgasms that became stronger as the strap
hit my lips made puffy by the material pulled inside. Mom jerked on the
material with each lash until my orgasms became so strong I screamed.
     Dad must have thought he caused great pain because he dropped the
strap and pulled Mom off the chair to drag her into the bedroom.
     I just flopped on the floor jerking on my crotch cloth until I
became exhausted.
     The next morning I got out of bed to look at myself. It was
amazing. I didn't have a mark on my body. The deep red I saw the night
before had faded completely and the only evidence I had that the whole
thing was not a dream was my slightly puffy cunt and a super sensitive
clitoris.
     That was great! I knew I could be strapped to orgasm as close as
the night before seeing Bill without having to try to explain marks to
him.
     Mom burst into my room while I inspected my boobs marvelling at
their healthy pink look with my erect nipples.
     "Sue. Thank you for last night. He became really excited. It was
great! I was afraid to have him whip me again on my bruises I was
afraid they might bleed. Are you mad at me for having him strap you?"
     "Are you kidding? I had fantastic orgasms!"
     She giggled. "I know. Your Dad thought he hurt you terribly. He is
going to bring you home a present to make up for it."
     "Oh good. That means he won't hurt me any harder than he did last
night."
     "I don't think so. He thinks you are more tender than me but he
admitted spanking you made him excited so he may want to do it again."
     He had satiated my desire for orgasms for the day so I remained
dressed and mowed the grass and other chores until he came home.
     He called to me to come in where he was sitting with a box on his
lap. Mom was kneeling by his side and he was stroking her hair as if
she was his dog. I stopped in front of him.
     "Sue. I have been thinking about yesterday all day. It was wrong
of me to punish you. You are very beautiful and it is natural for you
to want to display your body. You just must remember to disply yourself
only to loved ones. Your Mom is also beautiful so I have bought some
things for both of you to wear. You must keep a robe handy in case a
stranger comes to the door. 
     He handed me a little silk gauze triangle with elastic strings and
a similar one to Mom. "Go ahead. Try them on."
     I gulped and asked if there was a top.
     "There is no need for a top. You both have beautiful firm breasts
that don't need support."
     Mom got up and started toward the bedroom and I followed but he
stopped us. "No. Change here."
     Mom and I looked at each other confused. Yesterday I had been
punished for a costume that revealed less and now he was asking us to
strip naked to put on a costume that would hide nothing.
     He explained, "I want you both to be proud of your beauty and to
hold yorselves proudly with your tummies tucked in and your breasts
high. You look so much alike you will become proud by seeing each
other."
     That gave us an excuse. We made it good for him by undressing
slowly and when we had put on the costume walked around as asked with
our best posture.
     He complimented our every move and we both became proud and was
glad to hear him say that we would wear nothing more than that from now
on.
     He told us it was important to stay in shape so he took out an
exercise video tape and put it in the VCR. He had bought a tape that
involved a lot of jumping jacks and twisting exercises to keep our
boobs bouncing and swinging. At first it was fun to see him staring at
our bouncing boobs but neither of us were used to thirty straight
minutes of exercise. When it was over we stood in front of him covered
with sweat and kind of slumped.
     He looked at us and said, "Your breasts have dropped and your
tummies are out. I told you not to do that. You will have to pay a
penalty. Sue. Get the strap."
     When I came back he had taken off his belt and gave it to Mom.
     "From now on any time I see you allowing your boobs to drop or
your tummies out you will get five spanks. Naturally the spanks will go
to the area that slumped."
     He had us face each other and said we would take turns.
     Mom started it by swinging his belt against ny boobs. It was not
bad at all just a sting that created excitement but I had the best
deal. His belt was not as heavy as his strap and my lash to her boobs
really made them jump and brought a squeal. On the next she got even by
hitting harder. By the time we had reached our tummies we were hitting
as hard as we could and I was reaching the peak.
     At the tenth Dad grabbed Mom's arm and led her to the bedroom.
     I was totally frustrated I had almost made it to orgasm but ten
spanks weren't enough. I dug frantically at my pussy but I just
couldn't get over the threshold.
     When they came back I was sitting on the floor sniffling.
     Mom said, "What is wrong, Sue. I didn't hurt you that much."
     I sobbed "Oh Mom, it isn't fair. After you are punished Dad makes
love to you to let you forget the pain. I have nothing."
     Dad said, "Well I can't make love to you. That would be incest and
also your Mom drained me but we can help you relieve your frustration."
     He went into the bedroom and came back with a replica of his dick
made of rubber.
     He had me lie on my back then began kissing and nibbling on my
nipples. Then he told Mom to get me wet. She knelt between my legs and
pulled the little triangle aside and began licking my pussy. It felt
wonderful! When I began to pant in excitement she slid the rubber dick
into me. That also felt great but got better when she turned a switch
and it began vibrating against my clit.
     In a short time I had a great orgasm and laid there smiling and
pulsating with after shocks while they watched me.
     When I had calmed down Mom said, "Do you feel better now?"
     "Oh God! That was wonderful. I won't mind a really painful
spanking as long as I can have this afterward."
     Dad said, "Good. We don't want you to be frustrated because you
may be tempted to cheat on Bill. We are sure he will marry you if you
keep him pleased and that will be good for all of us."
     Bill called the next day to say he wanted to pick me up that
afternoon to spend the weekend with him. I think Mom was disappointed
he didn't ask her too. She brightened up when Dad said they could spend
the weekend in the mountains.
     On the way to his house he asked, "Do you love me?"
     "Oh yes Bill. I'll do anything to make you happy."
     "Good. That is why I love you."
     That really made me happy because I knew pleasing him made him
love me. I got out of my seat to sit on the floor to hug his leg while
he stroked my head then he said, "I am very proud of you and would like
to show you off. Would you like that?"
     I looked up at him adoringly and said, "Do you mean that? Really?
I know that you have had girls as pretty as me and they are rich."
     "Rich is not important. Other girls have been selfish only
thinking of things that please them. I think it is important to you to
please me. Is that true?"
     "Oh yes! It makes me very happy to please you especially when
other girls might refuse you. What can I do?"
     "That is easy. Just do as I tell you. Some things may embarrass
you or even cause some pain. Does the idea bother you."
     "No. You will see! No other girl will obey you like me. Remember?
I am your love slave."
      He told me that he was having a little party at his house. By the
time we got there caterers were setting up a buffet table and stocking
a bar by the pool.
     He took me upstairs and handed me a large box. It had a beautiful
silk dress inside that I pulled out and held against me. It was lovely!
I kissed and hugged him then gently rubbed his crotch but he said, "No
time for that. We have to get dressed."
     I picked up the dress and found that it was really just a half-
dress. The silk was just in the front. The back was just elastic cords.
I also found it was in two pieces. Bill helped me put it on.
     When it was on the top part had cords running from my arm-pits to
my waist to hold the top tightly to my boobs and upper stomach with the
silk just reaching to my sides. The bottom put cords around my butt to
hold the skirt tight below my navel and just below my pussy. The rest
of the sil just swirled around my legs to my ankles. It was really
sexy. The silk was transparent enough to show my blush-pink nipples and
the outline of my legs to my crotch.
     He told me to wait until he called so he could arrange my
entrance. I spent the time looking at myself in the mirrors finally the
phone rang and he said to come down.
     I walked slowly down the huge staircase until I saw a half-crcle
of girls and guys looking up at me.
     Fill waved his arm toward me and announced loudly, " Friends, meet
Susan. The love of my life!"
     They applauded. I can hardly describe the magnificent feeling he
provided for me. He had not only declared his love for me in front of
all these people. His entrance for me made me feel like a movie star.
     I made it on over to him radiant in the excitement of the applause
and the excited faces of the men.
     He introduced me to all ten couples but I was so excited I only
caught a few names. When I had met them all he said, "Do you like the
dress? I designed it myself."
     They all said it was beautiful or sexy  then he said, "If you like
the front you will love the back."
     He lifted my arms and twirled me to put my back to them. I blushed
having so many people looking at me only covered by the tiny elastic
cords. I think if it had just been men I would have just been excited
but all the fully dressed girls looking bothered me.
     One of the men said admiringly, "That is a truly fine ass!"
     Bill laughed and said, "It is firm too!"  He slapped each cheek
with his hand. The sharp pain made me gasp but I didn't protest.
     Then he turned me around and said "If you like her ass you'll love
these. He pulled off the top of my dress leaving my boobs bare and
shuddering with my excited breathing. When they cheered again he pulled
down my skirt.
     I stood there stark naked with everyone else fully dressed. I was
blushing all down my front.
     The men began complimenting my boobs, flat tummy and tight pussy.
It must have made the other girls jealous because one of them said, "My
tits are as good as hers." and pulled off her dress to be naked too.
Other girls began saying their body parts were better and soon all of
us girls were naked.
     I should have felt more comfortable with all the girls as naked as
me but actually I missed being the center of attention. The boys eyes
darted toward any of us that moved, danced, or assumed sexy poses.
     One of the guys said, "Those elastic cords made some sexy marks on
her butt. Looked like whip marks. Too bad they are fading."
     I hugged Bill and said, "Bill can put whip marks all over me if he
wants. I love him."
     He retorted, "Yeah sure." sarcastically.
     Bill said, "She means it. She would let me whip her if I wanted to
but I don't."
     The guy's girlfriend said, "Bullshit. I don't mind if Bob spanks
me if I have pissed him off but I would never let him do it just for
the hell of it."
     By that time we had drawn a crowd and another girl laughed and
said, "That's right Sue. Promise him anything. You know he is too nice
to take advantage of it."
     That made me mad. "I am not lying! He could even let you give me
ten lashes."
     She sneered, "Big fucking deal. Any of us could take ten spanks on
our butts."
     I had to admit to myself ten spanks was wimpy and retorted, "I
meant you could all give me ten lashes anywhere from my armpits to my
knees."
     That made them excited and they began chattering among
themselves.I heard one girl say." Relax. It isn't going to happen. It
is just a bluff."
     Bill said, "Sue you are crazy. If we all hit you would get two
hundred lashes. No-one could stand that much."
     The girl said, "See! The bluff worked."
     "Bill.. They don't believe me! Now I don't know if you believe me
either. Let them do it."
     That began to encourage him I think the convincer was when a guy
said, "If she does it we will know you are one of the greatest lovers
of all time."
     "Alright Sue. You asked for it, but only the girls, and if you
want to chicken-out you just have to yell, 'Mercy'." Now go up to our
room and pick your instrument out of my closet to use on you."
     I rushed upstairs accompanied by their chorus of excited voices.
     I opened the closet expecting to see the strap he had made. It was
there but he had added things, a big wooden paddle, a riding quirt, a
whip made of a broomstick with nylon fish lines that I knew would just
tingle and finally a whip that brought immediate excitement. It looked
just like the whip Dad had made for Mom except there were no knots. The
ends had been glued together then sliced to make tassels. 
     There was no question that it would be my choice. It would create
the combination of excitement of my Mom's whipping plus my dream
considering I would have an audience. Best of all this whip did not
seems as bad as Mom's and certainly not as bad as the black snake in my
dream. I thought I could take a hundred lashes with it without losing
their respect by crying "Mercy."
     I went back down hugging the whip to my breasts already trembling
with excitement. They were waiting for me. 
     One of the girls took my whip while two others grabbed my arms to
lead me into the living room.
     Bill had lowered the chandelier and the boys were standing around
it. I leaped into a higher plane of excitement as I realized I would be
hung up and whipped in front of people just like my dream. I just
wished there were hundreds more.
     There was another refinement. Bill was holding padded leather
wrist cuffs connected by a chain. I held out my arms for him to put
them on breathing faster as I realized the chain made it even more like
my dream.
     He looped the chain over the chandelier and nodded to one of the
boys. My arms started going up slowly until my body was stretching.
When my heels lifted it stopped.
     Bill stepped back and I asked, "Aren't you going to tie my legs?"
     "No I want you to be able to protect your crotch if you want to."
     Bill kissed me and said, "Are you ready for this? The girls may
hit harder than you think."
     I said shakily, "Yes. I will make you proud of my bravery. I want
to do this for you."
     He stepped back and sat down in an ornate dining room chair with
arms. My dream was now complete. The other boys sat down on other
chairs while their girls either sat on their laps or knelt beside their
legs.
     The girl who had taken my whip stepped beside me to swing it
sharply against my buns. It stung but not terribly and when she
finished and handed the whip to another girl I looked out at my
audience defiantly.
     Someone said, "Hit harder! That didn't even bother her."
     The next girl did hit harder and the pain increased but no more
than my excitement. She also just hit my butt and thighs."
     I began to think that was all they would hit and was thinking of
turning so they could see I was being hit hard but was being brave
enough not to scream when a boy yelled, "Buffy! Hit her tits. I want to
see those big babies bounce."
     She did, and hard. A searing pain covered my breasts and nipples.
I gasped and whimpered as she giggled and changed positions to make my
tits jump and quaver as they were hit up down and sideways.
     My excitement rose with my audience who were cheering while Bill
gripped the arms of his chair and looked at me in shock.
     From that point on all the lashes hit my front except for the
times they hit the sides of my hips or thighs to let the tips dig into
the crack of my butt or sting my tender inner thighs.
     Someone yelled, "That is heating her up. Look at her sweat!"
     The pain increased but no more than my excitement. My audience got
wild too I saw girls being fucked while facing me sitting on their
boyfriends laps or being fucked doggy style so they would not have to
take their eyes off me.
     Bill was gripping his chair so hard his muscles bulged while he
stared at me avidly.
     As it went on and on I became so excited orgasms began and my
vision blurred from my tears.
     Then just as I was about to lose all control I felt a slap to my
tit and realized the girl in front of me was saying something. I
focused at the next slap with her hand and heard her say, "Damnit.
Can't you hear me? Spread your legs!"
     I did to feel a searing pain from my pubic bone to my anus. It
sent me into a greater orgasm but I still heard someone scream, "Look
at her! She is spreading them even wider!"
     She kept rising me higher with lash after lash to my crotch and
there was no delay when she handed the whip to a girl behind me who
began bringing it up between my legs to make the ends fall on the face
of my crotch with one or more strands burning my clit.
     I had never tried to count the lashes but that must have completed
the hundred because they stopped to stare at my sweating convulsing
body until Bill stepped up to me. I pleaded, "Please fuck me. Make the
pain go away."
     Somewhere along the line he had joined the others in removing his
clothes so it was a simple matter for him to lift me by my butt cheeks
so I could wrap my legs around him to bury his glorious tool into my
sopping pussy.
     I was weak from my orgasms but I didn't need strength since he
gripped my sore butt-cheeks to pump him into me to continue my orgasms
until he came and let me slide down our wet bodies until I hung limply
from the chandelier.
     Someone lowered it and Bill picked me up to cradle me in his
strong arms while someone else took my chains off the chandelier.
     Bill said, "The party is over gang." and carried me to his bed.
     I remained naked and wore my chains that night and the next day
but that was good because I would not have wanted to put clothes on the
welts covering my body and the chains seemed to help him be excited
enough to fuck me two more times.
     The next day he said he was going shopping for something really
special but he had an idea to keep me occupied while I was gone. He
surprised me by putting tight panties on me. It was the first time I
was covered since the day before.
     He chained me spreadeagled to the four poster bed then went to a
drawer to bring back a huge rubber dick and a smaller one. He put the
big one in my pussy and the smaller in my ass then turned them on. They
began vibrating to create wonderful sensations to my whole lower body
then he clamped two other things to my nipples and turned them on to
shake and jerk on my pinched nipples.
     He walked out just as I began panting and jerking as excitement
quickly grew to orgasms. At first I loved it but finally I just
couldn't cum anymore and the constant vibration and pain to my raw
nipples became pure torture. I jerked and thrust to try to dislodge
them until I just laid there crying until the batteries went dead and I
could go to sleep.
     When I woke up I was untied and he was pulling the rubber dick out
of my ass. He said, "They must have done a great job. You were sleeping
soundly."
     I moaned, "It was too much. I couldn't cum any longer and it
became torture. Please don't do it again unless you stay to turn them
off when I cry mercy."
     "I'll remember to do that but now I have a surprise for you. Can
you guess what it is?"
     I don't know. Probably sexy clothes or maybe a new whip."
     "Wrong. If it were a new whip would you hold a pose for me to use
it on you even though you still have welts from the girls?"
     "It would hurt terribly but I would do it if you wanted me to
suffer that much."
     "Good girl. Here is your surprise."
     He took a small black box out of his pocket and gave it to me.
When I opened it I saw a ring with a huge diamond.
     I jumped up to hug, kiss, and thank him profusely.
     He pulled my face back by my hair to grin and say, "I know I will
never find another girl like you. This can be an engagement ring if you
will have me as a husband."
     "Oh of course I will marry you. I'll make a wonderful wife for
you. I promise I will exercise to keep my figure so you will always be
proud of me."
     "I'll hold you to that. I may want to show you off again. Will
that bother you?"
     I gulped and said, "It makes me feel like a slut to go naked but
if I am punished afterward I don't feel guilty."
     He laughed and said, "No problem. Any time you do something slutty
I will punish you."
     It was a beautiful wedding. In spite of my fears His parents
approved on the condition that I would sign a paper that said if I
divorced him I would receive only five thousand dollars. That didn't
bother me. I planned to stay married to him forever.
     We honeymooned in the Bahama's. It was beautiful. He found a nude
beach to give him an excuse to give me a spanking or whipping every
night but none were bad and just excited me for great sex.
     We got back in time to find a cute apartment to stay while he went
to college. He joined the fraternity his father had been in. The first
few weeks were a real drag for me because he was gone all day at school
or the fraternity and when he came home he had to study.
     Worst of all the walls were so thin in the apartment he couldn't
spank or whip me without our neighbors hearing us so neither of us
could get maximum enjoyment of sex.
     He hated being a pledge saying it was humiliating to wear a beenie
and have to wait on the established members. Worse for him they would
"Swat" him on his butt with a large wooden paddle for the smallest
infraction. He had bruises on his cute butt constantly. I felt sorry
for him. I would have hated it too because unlike my whippings which
started easy then got harder as I became excited he would just be hit
two or three times very hard that would only bring pain with no chance
for an orgasm.
     One night he came home really depressed. He had found out that in
a week the hell week he was going through would end in Hell night. An
older member told him that would be ultimate humiliation including
being "Swatted" on bare skin but when it was over at midnight he would
become a full brother.
     Perversely his description of having to strip and bend over for
swats in front of all those boys excited me.
     He said, "I would drop out of the fraternity rather than let those
sadistic bastards humiliate me but my Dad would be pissed off and I
would lose all the connections for success later."
     Since he hated the idea so bad I knew I could definitely prove my
love by volunteering to take his place even though I wasd sure it would
not be allowed. I said, "Oh poor baby! I would give anything if I could
take your place. I wouldn't care what they did to me as long as it made
you successful."
     He brightened immediately, "You would do that for me! Really?"
     "Yes. Unfortunately they probably wouldn't let me. Do you think
they might let me do it?"
     "Maybe. It is a lawyer fraternity and we are being trained to
negotiate."
     I felt a little guilty as he hugged and kissed me so impressed
with my offer since I was sure it couldn't happen.
     He left to talk to the officers of the fraternity which gave me
time to think about what I had offered. I could never admit it to him
but the idea of all those boys spanking my bare butt excited the hell
out of me. It also frightened me because during Hell week he had to
carry a fraternity paddle with him to be used if he was unable to
remember all the words to their song, their pledge, and all their
rules. It was made out of a one by ten board and I knew it would bruise
because he had only had to take five spanks on his clothed butt and it
had left his cheeks black and blue.
     I was kept in suspense until the next day.
     He said, "The good news is that they would put it up for a vote
and agreed if it was allowed just to use straps or whips to keep you
from being badly bruised. The bad news is that if they agree all the
members would get a turn and that you would be naked for it so you can
be hit from your armpits to wherever your skirt reaches."
     I became frightened. I knew they would hit hard from his bruises
and had been sure it would not be allowed. Now there was a definite
possibility.
     "Oh God! How nany members are there in your fraternity?"
     "Fifty."
     "Jesus. Would they all hit me once?"
     "Well. Maybe not. When we get a demerit the minimum is five
spanks."
     "Oh God. I can't take that many. I would faint long before I took
that many. I only got a hundred at the party and that was from girls
not nearly as strong as boys."
     "This won't be like the party. You took a hundred lashes all at
once. This will last from nine to one am. There will be a lot of
breaks."
     I didn't know how to tell him that I would want quite a few at a
time so I could become excited enough to welcome the pain.
     I was given a possible reprieve when he went on to say that the
other pledges would be given the opportunity to offer their girl
friends and would have to give their permission for the substitution. I
was sure they would not think it was fair for them to suffer while he
escaped. The possibility that other girls might volunteer gave me mixed
feelings. They might go easier if other girls were there but that would
not make me unique and satisfy my desire to be a martyr. 
     The next afternoon  he came in obviously excited, "They have
agreed! They said I will make a great lawyer because no-one had been
inventive enough to offer this alternative before. There have been
changes in the program. Some good. You won't be alone. One of the other
pledges said his girl would take his place and you may be able to trade
lashes for other things. For instance the president said that you could
take tem less lashes if you did a strip tease. Since you have to get
naked anyway that would be like a gift."
     "What other things? I won't be asked to fuck them will I?"
     "No I told them neither of us would allow that but one of the guys
avoided ten spanks by masturbating in front of everyone during Hell
week and another avoided punishment by letting us watch his girl suck
him. I suppose it might be something like that.
     "Would you think I was cowardly to accept humiliation?"
     "No,not really. I didn't do it but I was not facing your ordeal."
     "The other thing they decided was to have you and the other girl
go through Hell night the night before the guys. That way if either of
you wants to quit before it is over The other pledge or I will still
have to go through it."
I said, "I could never let that happen. It would be terribly cowardly
for me to quit to let us both suffer."
     That would be much better. I had assumed I would just be one of
many being punished. Now I could be a true martyr. Even though some of
the attention would go to the other girl I hoped I would be prettier
and could be more courageous to really impress everyone. I also
admitted to myself that having another girl would cut my lashes in
half.
     "Oh I am glad I won't be alone. Is there anything else."
     "Yes. The President said that the administration would frown on
this so everyone would have to participate to make sure no-one would
report it. Even me."
     "Oh Jesus. How many guys will that be?
     "Sixty."
     "Oh God! I will be just one big bruise!"
     "No. Remember you will be able to trade lashes for other things
that will just be humiliating. There is another concession I got them
to make. You can bring three whips of your choice to be used on you. I
suggest you pick out something easy. Unfortunately we just have two
with us. The strap and the whip with leather thongs. You can shop
tomorrow to see if you can find another or will have to make one. Maybe
you can find something even better than the ones we have."
     I shopped for hours. I was just wearing a t-shirt and mini skirt
Bill didn't let me wear under wear anymore. It was fun to see men
staring at my jiggling boobs and bottom. It was amazing to see how many
things were available in pet stores, farm stores, and leather shops.
Some things looked really bad such as buggy whips, quirts, and stiff
rubber thongs.
     I ended up in a shop that had leather things for motorcyclists. It
had a whole wall of whips but they looked really bad including a
knotted whip like Mom's and one without knots like mine that I knew cut
deep and caused bad welts. 
     I was about to leave when a big clerk in leather pants and a
Harley t-shirt asked me if he could help me.
     "I don't think so. All these look like they would leave terrible
welts."
     "You didn't look long enough. My old lady calls this her fun whip.
Feel it. It is just soft leather boot-laces. All it will do is make you
red. Lift up your skirt and I will give you a taste."
     I guess all the shopping and imagining how the different whips
would feel had created a lot of excitement. Without thinking about it I
lifted my skirt up just below my crotch.
     He grinned and swung it against the front of my thighs.
     He was right! It just caused a sting and tingle that seemed to
travel directly to my pussy. My thighs just turned a light red I knew
would fade in minutes.
     "OOh you are right. There is just a sting and tingle. It could
even be used on more tender places."
     "Yeah lift up your T-shirt so your tummy can taste it."
     I did and that was even more exciting so I lifted my t-shirt to my
neck to bare my boobs. He brought the whip across them to spread out to
cover nearly all of them with the center thong stinging my nipples. I
let it cling above my boobs while I caressed them feeling the tingle
radiate then I raised my arms to cross them over my head. He hit them
again and when I just gasped he hit once more a little harder. That
almost brought me to orgasm. I just had to feel it on my pussy. I
raised my skirt as high as I could get it and opened my legs a little.
He swung the whip up from the floor to make a sting all over my pussy
and grinned as I gasped and opened my legs more. He brought it up again
but now my legs were open enough to open my slit and the center thong
stung my clit. I came! I immediately felt guilty for letting this
strange man make me come and quickly paid for the whip and started to
leave.
     He smirked and said, "Come back when you want to try some of the
others. I have a back room that is soundproof. You can scream all you
want."
     I just mumbled, "I don't think I'll want that." and left. I
fantasized on the way home about all the "Biker" movies I had seen and
imagined being whipped and raped by a bunch of dirty mean guys.
     When I went in our apartment I stripped to see if I was still red.
The marks had faded and I suddenly felt even more guilty to have come
with no sign of punishment. I hoped I would be punished severely that
night to make up for it.
     Bill was no help. He brought home a gold bracelet for me and
hugged and kissed me. I felt even more guilty.
     It suddenly dawned on him that I might not know how to do a strip-
trase. I admitted I had never seen one but I assumed I would just kind
of dance around while taking off my clothes.
     He told me there was a lot more to it than that and had me dress
to practise. He taught me to grind my hips, thrust out my pelvis, and
shake my boobs to the music. We decided I would wear a strapless bra
that hooked in front, My tiny bikini panties,a pullover blouse and a
skirt with an elastic waist. Everything could come off easily and
smoothly. At the last moment he decided to remove the little stubble on
my pussy to make it look like a little girl's again.
     That made us both excited and we made love but I didn't have an
orgasm. I began to wonder if I could without the excitement of pain.
     On the way to the house it occurred to me that if I had
alternatives to the whip some of the boys would not get their turn. I
asked Bill how they would decide who would be allowed to whip me. He
explained that the seniors would be first then juniors, etc. The
pledges may not get a turn.
     We got to the house a little early. They gave us strong drinks and
took me around to meet everyone. Of course I couln't begin to remember
all the names but both of us felt good about all the compliments on my
beauty and bravery to do this for Bill.
     A little later the other girl, Kim, came in. She was not at all
what I expected. She was only about sixteen and dressed unsexily in a
baggy sweater and long skirt. She was pretty but her blonde hair looked
unkempt and her clothes gave no clue as far as her body was concerned.
She looked frightened and accepted a drink gladly. I felt even prouder
since no-one was making a fuss over her.
     Then the President, David, said, "The cast is here let the games
begin." He took Kim and my hands to lead us to a big door that the
other guys opened so we could go downstairs. Kim kept looking back at
her boyfriend anxiously. Another door was opened and we went into a
large recreation room I had visited with Bill when he had pledged.
     I knew it was sound-proof because loud rock music had been playing
upstairs and when the second door closed I could no longer hear it.
     It was all different now. The ping-pong table was gone, The pool
table was pushed against the wall, all the furniture was arranged in
half-circles facing the front of the room. They had raised the second ,
third and fourth rows up on pallets so everyone would have a great
view.
     It was like a theatre with the chairs facing center stage which
had ropes and leather cuffs hanging from the ceiling and others looped
around rings in the floor. I looked at the ropes excitedly knowing I
would soon be hanging from them facing the large audience.
     Kim looked at them and shuddered letting out a little whimper. I
was amazed. If she was so frightened about this. Why did she volunteer?
     David told them to sit down then announced, "We have decided on a
change for the strip-tease. We are going to allow a thirty lash
deduction for the dance. Kim  and I looked at each other happy for the
bonus but then he added, "There is another change. We have decided to
make this a contest to make sure the girls do their best to excite us.
The winner will be spared the thirty lashes but the loser will get them
after the voting. All in one session."
     It dawned on me that if all alternatives were contests no-one
would lose his turn. 
     He flipped a coin to determine who would dance first and Kim was
it. I was told to kneel against the back wall until it was my turn
after her two songs.
     When the heavy beat of music started it was obvious she had not
prepared for it. She just kind of walked around in time with the music
making no effort to be sexy.She made no indication that she would take
anything off until the boys began to clap in unison and yell, "Take it
off. Take it all off."
     She turned her back to them and pulled off the sweater, then
pulled off the skirt to reveal an oversized cotton slip. She began
walking around in that but in seconds the boys began yelling again so
she turned her back to them and pulled the slip over her head.
     I was astounded to see her body in a cotton bra and panties. No-
one could have guessed it was that good. Her breasts dwarfed my
thirtysix d's and to make them look even bigger her waist was tiny. Not
over eighteen inches made to look smaller by her wide hips.
     She just kind of moved to the music standing in one spot until the
boys yelled at her to turn around.
     When she did they cheered. She turned back to me briefly blushing
but there was a little smile on her face when she took off the bra.
After that she didn't have to dance. Just moving around made her boobs
swing and shudder with each step. 
    she must have worked up her nerve or become excited by the
enthusiasm of the boys because she slowly slid down her panties facing
them.
     Now that she was naked she began walking around again but now she
was smiling at all the compliments she heard from the audience. She
kept her legs together though to hide her pussy behind the sparse
blonde hair.
     Finally the second song was over. She stood there awkwardly until
David led her back to me and helped me up to put her in my position.
     She knelt there with her arm over her boobs and her other hand
covering her pussy until David grabbed her hands and placed them on her
ankles then told her sternly to leave them there. Finally he pulled her
knees apart but as soon as he removed his hand she snapped them back
together. He slapped her thigh hard enough to leave an angry red mark
and told her to keep them open. Her defiance caused him to pull them
open even more to make her blush as her pussy crack opened but she held
the position.
     Now it was my turn. I did it just as we practised and the cheers
never stopped. After I was naked I danced close to the front row so
they could touch me as I went by. They loved my hairless pussy and
there seemed to be fingers on or in it constantly.
     When they got braver and gave me little spanks to my bottom or to
the sides of my boobs I just grinned and moved on to let another do it.
     When the second song ended I got a standing ovation! I was super
excited when David led me back to kneel by Kim. I anticipated him and
spread my knees even wider than Kim. 
     We knelt there waiting for the results of the vote but both of us
knew I had won.
     Kim whimpered, "You won. I know it. Do you think they will hurt me
real bad?"
     "I don't think so unless you brought really bad whips. They have
all night to play with us."
     "I don't know if they are bad or not. Jim said he made them
special. They will probably be bad. He will want to get his money's
worth."
     "What do you mean. Aren't you doing this for love, like me?"
     "I don't even like him. If I don't do this his father will
foreclose on Dad's farm. Are you really doing this for love? 
     "Yes. Anything they do to me will just prove my love for Bill. I
hope they hurt me a lot so he will know how much I care."
     "God. It must be wonderful to love someone that much. I haven't
even had a steady boyfriend."
     "You mean you have never made love?"
     "She blushed and said, "Kind of. I play with myself while
fantasizing about movie stars. Do you think I am terrible?"
     "God no. I admire your courage. You obviously hate all this. It
makes me excited."
     "Really! I became excited at the end of my strip but it made me
feel guilty."
     "Once you have been whipped. You won't need to feel guilty about
anything they ask you to do that excites you."
     "I suppose you are right. When Daddy spanks me for being naughty I
feel a lot better about myself."
     David stood in front of us and put his hand on my head to announce
I was the winner then he helped us both up to have me kneel between the
legs of a guy sitting directly in front of the ropes dangling cuffs.
     David brought her to the ropes and began buckling them around her
wrists. She looked like a frightened doe. He pulled her legs apart and
buckled them to the floor rings then nodded to another guy at the side
of the room. He pulled down on the ropes until her feet were pulled off
the floor and her skin was tight. Her body looked fantastic but I felt
sorry for her because I knew the guys would love hitting her big tits
if they got a chance.
     Jim brought down a big leather bag he placed at her feet. David
reached in to bring out a home-made whip. It was just a piece of broom-
stick that had a hole drilled in the end to hold a thick yellow
electric extention cord. I gasped knowing the heavy copper wire inside
would sink deep into the skin to cause bruises even worse than Mom's
whip. She just moaned when he laid it over her shoulder to dangle
against her tit while he reached in to get another. It was the same
thing except it was smaller lamp cord and had four thongs rather than
two. He laid that over her other shoulder and reached in again to bring
out the first thing I thought might be bearable. It was a thick leather
strap about four inches wide that had been sliced evenly to make six
thongs about three feet long.
     He made slip knots in two of the thongs and slipped the noose
around each breast to force them into balls the size of coconuts and
let the handle drop against her open slit.
     She gasped and closed her eyes squeezing out tears.
     "David said, "Which whip should we use on you for this session?"
     She moaned, "I don't know. You choose. No wait! I would like to
get this over with quickly. Could three of you use all the whips at
once."
     "I think we would get in each other's way."
     " Not if you hit my front and back at the same time."
     "I thought we might save that for later but if that is what you
want we can oblige."
     He looked at the front row and said, "I need two right handers and
a lefty."
     Three guys stood up . At least David knew which were the worst. He
gave the yellow whip to the first guy and told him to give her ten on
her butt then gave the smaller cord to the next guy to give her ten on
her tits. On the last man he said, Lucky guy. You get her pussy."
     Kim was moaning and shaking her head. Evidentally she thought
front and back meant her butt and thighs.
     They hit her slightly out of cadence so you could hear the
individual "Slaps!" seconds apart. The audience could not see what was
happening to her ass but it obviously hurt bad as she jerked her hips
forward only to meet the lash to her pussy followed instantly by a lash
to her big tits that made them jump and twist. She screamed then kind
of howled with tears flowing as the pain never stopped. 
     It was all over in less than a minute. I decided I would never ask
for that because I could not change that much pain into excitement in
such a short time even though it might be best to get it over with
quickly.
     She hung her head sobbing, with welts on her boobs and a
thoroughly red pussy. I couldn't see her butt. It was surely a mess.
     Jim came up to her and said something in her ear. She looked
frightened then said, "Thank you. You whipped me just as I asked you
to." He wasn't satisfied and had her say it louder.
     That seemed to relieve the guys who had watched her sob with
worried expressions. They all cheered at her statement.
     They released her and then did a wonderful thing. The three guys
who had whipped her began putting some kind of ointment on all the
places they had hit. It must have been a pain killer because she
stopped sobbing in a few moments. The sobbing changed to little short
breaths and she soon had a little smile on her face. We all stared as
their big hands lifted and stroked her boobs and slid over and into the
lips of her pussy until she became so excited she began slowly twisting
her hips to press their hands into her.
     She must have been close to orgasm when they stopped because she
looked frustrated when two of the pledges gave us drinks. While we
sipped the strong drinks we stood facing them I noticed Kim had lost
all traces of modesty.
     I asked Kim if she felt better now and she told me that all the
pain had gone away and that she was so excited she was vibrating.
When we finished our drinks David made another announcement.
     "Now  we will see which of the girls gives the best hand job. Give
me four pledges."
     While they were undressing Kim asked, "What is a hand-job?"
     I could hardly believe she didn't know. "You put their dick in
your fist and pump up and down on it. It is the way boys play with
themselves."
     "Really? That won't hurt us will it? It might be fun."
     We watched the boys undress with mounting excitement. When they
were nude David had us lie on our backs with a boy on each side. He put
our hands on their dicks and I knew it would not take long because they
were already very hard.
     I don't think Kim had ever seen a hard dick before. Her eyes
darted from one to the other as she gently stroked them with her
fingers.
     David announced we will test to see if they are ambidextrous. Give
me the stop-watches. We will count the seconds from when one of the
guys you are holding cums until the other does it. The boys that hold
off longest will give one lash for each second."
     It turned out to be mutual masturbation because the boys could not
resist using their hands on our boobs and pussies as we pumped their
dicks.
     I felt my right hand get wet as he grunted and began to
concentrate harder on the left. He was cheating! I could hear him doing
the multiplication table to distract himself. It took thirty-six more
seconds before he began spurting. 
     Kim took forty four seconds and began to whimper to think that she
was about to get even more lashes than she had received before.
     I went to her and hugged her then asked, "Would you like me to
take my whipping first?"
     "Oh yes! Would you? I want to put it off as long as possible."
     David demurred. "We had planned to whip both of you at once. I
planned a concession. We would average the seconds to make it forty
each and you can choose your whip.
     "Oh Kim. Agree to that! You will get two less and we can use my
whip. It is not as bad as yours."
     "Yes but that is not fair to you. We will take thirty-six together
and then I will take four more."
     David yelled, "Does that sound good to you, guys?"
     They all yelled in agreement and Bill brought down a sack with my
whips.
     When I took them out they looked really wimpy next to hers but Kim
looked at the bootlace whip with it's three foot thongs in fear. She
whispered, "That looks evil. You won't pick it will you?"
     I whispered back. "Don't let it fool you. It is the easiest one
although it looks the worst. Look brave and choose it."
     I held it up. She gulped and in a quavering voice said, "You can
use this one."
     They all cheered and then the boys in the front row jumped up to
help tie us. We were hung up back to back sideways to the audience the
our ankles were cuffed together with ropes tied from the cuffs to the
ceiling then the ropes were raised until we were almost doing the
splits. As a final touch one of the big guys took off his belt to put
around our waists to squeeze our butts together.
     I know it may sound perverse but it was fantastically exciting to
be tied that way in front of all those excited men. My pussy was split
open to the point that when one of the boys cupped my pussy in his hand
his three center fingers slid in past the outer lips with his middle
finger pressing and rubbing my clitoris.
     I must have been very wet because he seemed surprised when he
said, "My God this is exciting you."
     "Oh yes.. Please whip me first."
     Some boy in the audience said, "Kim's whipping was over too soon.
You should count to ten between lashes so we can see them all."
     David agreed and Kim whimpered, "Oh I wanted it to be over
quickly." 
     I was glad because that would let me feel the sting travel to get
me excited.
     David had been lining up the boys to whip us and the first boy
drew back the whip and brought it across my breasts. It made the
exciting sting but Kim let out a small scream and I realized he was
standing so close that the thongs close to the handle were hitting me
with the ends going around my sides to hit her.
     They were cheating us! Each lash would hit both of us but I didn't
care! Each lash just raised my excitement and when the next boy hit Kim
the ends coming around made a sharper sting that made it even better.
     I looked down to see my boobs jump and quiver under the thongs
then looked out at the audience staring at us in fascinated silence to
hear the "Snap!" of the whip.
     The ten lashes completely covered our tits so they started working
down our bodies until they had to hit diagonally to let the whip go
between our legs. That put me into orgasm and I thought Kim might be
there too because she was grinding and pumping her butt into mine with
each lash.
     Finally we were to the last four lashes and the guy stood in front
of Kim to bring it up in her pussy with the ends snapping into me just
below my navel. 
     Someone yelled, "Back up a little." he followed their advice and
now the ends exploded right on my splayed pussy and clit. The next two
brought on unbelievable orgasms.
     They took off the ropes to our legs and when they were down we
clenched and released our legs to allow the orgasms to taper off. My
inner thighs were wet from liquid dripping out of my pussy and we were
covered with sweat.
     Two boys brought cool wet towels to blot up the sweat and our
juices and this also stopped the pain and cooled our hot skin.
     When our breathing returned to normal they untied us and helped us
to the couch where they brought us drinks.
     Kim and I gulped our drinks and they brought more. Then David
asked, "Are you alright." Kim and I agreed we were fine except we were
exhausted. He agreed we should be and said we could take a break and
just mingle.
     When I was rested I went to the back of the room to kneel by Bill.
     "Am I doing alright? Are you proud of me? I am doing this for
you."
     "Yes I am very proud. Everyone thinks you are beautiful  and very,
very brave. They think I am very lucky to have found you."
     He gave me a deep kiss then said, "Go ahead and mingle. I know
they all want to see you close up. We can't blame them if they want to
touch you. You have made them very excited. I won't be jealous even if
you enjoy it."
     They had got up from their chairs to get drinks too so I walked
over to the bar for a refill. Bill was right. They gave me one
compliment after another and everyone wanted to lift my breasts to
compare the white underneath to the redness across my nipples and to
spread my pussy lips to see if the normal pink of the inner parts had
reddened.
     I saw Kim was mingling too and went over to her. She had a
blissful smile on her face as boys caressed her breasts, pussy and
butt. When she noticed me she giggled and said, "These drinks are going
through me. Do you know where a bathroom is?"
     I did and realized my bladder was full too. We went to the
bathroom hand in hand.
     When we got inside she hugged and kissed me mashing her boobs into
mine and said, "I love you.You are a genius to get them to use that
whip. The whips Jim brought just hurt terribly but yours made me
excited. I came! Do you believe that?"
     "Yes. I came too. I am glad to know other girls can get off on
pain. I thought I might be perverted."
     "Oh no! It is just the situation. I am a real baby normally. I cry
if I stub my toe but this is entirely different. At the end I was
wanting them to hit harder."
     "Yes." I giggled, "And best of all our boyfriends think we are
suffering terribly for them. Actually this has me so turned on I would
give them all blow-jobs if they asked me."
     She looked puzzled and said, "What is a blow-job."
     I had forgotten how naive she was and explained.
     "That sounds gross. Does it taste bad?"
     "No. All these boys bathe regularly. It will be like sucking your
thumb only bigger. You can spit out their cum if you want but it
doesn't taste bad either."
     Kim said, "Let's pee and go back. It is great to get all the
compliments and feel their hands on me."
     We mingled for awhile then David came up to us to say, "Are you
ready for the next phase?"
     We were more than ready. By then we were so excited by all the
fodling we just nodded our heads.
     "Good. We can give you a choice. You can simultaneously whip each
other or we can have another contest.
     "I said "I don't want to hurt Kim."
     "I don't want to hurt Sue either.
     "Then it will be the contest. We want to see which of you gives
the best blow-jobs. The one who gets the most guys off in ten minutes
will be the winner."
     "I don't think Bill will like that."
     He said you might object but it is alright with him. Right Bill?"
     Bill said, "Yes. It will be better than seeing her hurt."
     Jim stood up to say, "Kim will do it."
     I have two concessions for you. Your mouths may get dry so there
will be a full glass of water by you at all times and so you may get
some pleasure from it the pledges will take turns licking your
pussies."
     That made Kim giggle but he had not given us the bad news. The
penalty for the loser.
     "What does the winner get and what happens to the loser?"
     "The winner will get a five lash reduction for everyone she gets
off. The loser will take her whips to the men who have not whipped you.
You will offer them their choice of whips, Their choice of the body
part they want to whip and assume the position they want you to be in.
You won't be tied but if you get out of position he can start over. You
will get five lashes for each person your opponent gets off."
     Kim looked stricken. I knew immediately what was wrong. She
pictured someone using that terrible yellow whip on her boobs or
pussy.she had purple welts on her butt from it.
     I hugged her and said loudly, "Good luck." but I also whispered
"Do your best. I'll try to let you win."
     They placed us kneeling on the floor with our legs spread. Our
hands were hand cuffed behind our back so we could not cheat by using
our fingers to stroke them while we sucked. A pledge slid under me from
behind and I felt the wonderfulness of his tongue stroking my clit.
     It really didn't take any skill. The boys were so excited from
seeing us whipped and fondling us they took very little time to get
off. I was glad the pledges had been told they would lick one minute
then be replaced because if they had changed evry time their "Brother"
had cum the delay in sustituting lickers would not have let me get off.
     After the second boy had flooded my mouth my licker was changed
and I used the delay to gulp down some water and look at Kim. She was
having the same experience. The boy in front of her had barely put his
dick in her mouth when he came.
     Some of the boys were nasty. They would pull out their dicks when
they came to put spurt after spurt on my face. That was really
humiliating but I had the consolation of a tongue in my pussy to keep
me in a state of excitement.
     When the time was up I knelt there panting in excitement from the
orgasm I had reached from having my pussy licked.
     David announced. "Kim won! With an even dozen!"
     I suddenly realized cum was dripping from my face and I felt
terribly humiliated. I asked if I could go to the bathroom to wash.
     Jim yelled, "Kim can clean her with her tongue!"
     Kim made no protest. She began licking and sucking on my face.
When she got close to my ear she whispered, "This is the least I can do
for letting me win." It wasn't really true it had just been a matter of
luck in my getting guys with more restraint but it felt good so I
didn't argue. When my face was clean someone yelled, There is some on
her tits."  She licked and sucked them all over even lifting them to
lick the undersides that couldn't possibly have cum. I became excited
again but then David said it was time for me to pay the penalty and
told the next twelve guys to come forward.
     They left my handcuffs on to make me feel more vulnerable.
     They seemed to enjoy having me hold poses presenting the part they
wanted to spank even more than hurting me. They didn't hit hard but it
was only pain because the delays and the short sessions of five spanks
could not let me get super excited. One pose brought an orgasm because
the pose itself was painful and it allowed the thongs to hit my clitty
on each lash. Two guys picked me up by my legs while balancing me by
gripping my shoulders. Two other guys brought over chairs they put
under my heels. When they slowly let my torso down I was doing more
than the splits and my hips ached as they threatened to dislocate. One
of the guys yelled, "Wow! That really opens her pussy. Look! You can
see clear inside!"
     I felt humiliation along with the pain only to increase when the
boys took their hands off my shoulder to squeeze my breasts tightly
under their big hands then used them to lift me up and down to let the
boys see my lips move open even wider. They finally tired of the game
and another boy began bringing my thonged whip between my legs to
"Slap" then drag over my clit as it went on up my stomach only to drop
to "Slap!" again. I came at the fifth and they let me calm a bit 
     Before bending me over forward to a ninety degree angle and then
pulled back my face with my hair. A boy picked up my strap and began
hitting the sides of my breasts. My big boobs got me in trouble. The
boys loved watching them bounce and tremble so they held me in that
position for fifteen more lashes hitting every part of them with the
last five all going across my nipples. I came so hard I screamed and
they gave me a break to have two more drinks so I could calm down
     They took me over to the pool table and had me kneel there while
they tied my hand cuffs to my ankles then used two more ropes to pull
my knees apart to tie to the ball pockets on each side.
     It was a great position for them because they could hit my boobs,
stomach and pussy easily. They gave me my last thirty which brought on
an orgasm so powerful I must have passed out because the next thing I
remembered  I was lying on my back untied and the boys were caressing
salve on me.
     My body was glowing red and Kim said, "Don't hit her anymore. She
has had enough. I'll take whatever is left."
     David said. "I don't think you can stand it. The two of you still
owe one hundred and thirty. But since you are being good enough to
volunteer I think we could settle for half at sixty-five if you took
them all at once. Right guys?"
     They all agreed saying that was plenty  but argued they would not
all get a turn so David said the sophomores could have three and the
pledges two.
      Kim gulped then said, "I think I can take that many if you use
Susan's whips."
     They all cheered. Me too because I was still too sore to want
anymore.
     They put leather cuffs on her wrists and ankles then tied the
wristcuffs to ropes hanging drom the ceiling. I assumed she would be
tied standing, spreadeagled but then one of the boys wrapped his arms
around her stomach and lifted her laying face down horizontally while
two other boys tied ropes to her ankle cuffs. When the boy holding her
waist let her down she was doing a back-bend with her arms and legs
spread wide to keep her balanced. As a final touch they used a smaller
rope to tie to her hair to pull her head up so we could see her
griefstricken face.
     It must have been very uncomfortable because she strained to
straighten her back only to let down again. The boys stared at her big
boobs moving with her efforts. I knew they would be favorite targets.
     They were! The boys loved hitting the outside of one to see it
smash into the other then hit between them to make them jump into her
armpit. Her boobs got forty of the sixtyfive with the remainder going
to her pussy or the crack of her butt. She was screaming but I could
tell she was getting off by the liquid splattering when her pussy was
hit.
     She was still conscious when they took her down and laid her on
the pooltable for several hands to put on salve. In a few moments her
sobs turned to moans and she squirmed and raised her boobs or pussy
against the hands with a smile on her face. She was arching like a cat
being stroked.
     She finally let out a sigh and settled down. 
     Two of the boys pulled her to a sitting position and handed her a
drink. She gulped it down and was given another.
     David took my hand and led me over to her then held up both our
hands and said, The champions! Let's have a cheer for two very brave
girls."
     We stood there smiling in triumph. I think we both knew the boys
would never have gone through what we had. Jim and Bill brought us our
clothes and we walked to the bathroom slowly to put them on so the boys
could have one last chance to fondle us.
     When we got inside Kim turned to me excitedly to say, "God! That
was a fantastic experience!"
     "Yes, but I felt sorry for you. Your poor tits must be awfully
sore."
     "No! They are tingling and swollen but they don't hurt. Feel how
firm they are.
     I did. It was amazing! I prided myself on my firm boobs but hers
felt like they had been pumped up."
     She suddenly looked sad, "Oh god, Sue. After tonight just sex will
be boring."
     "I am sure Jim will be happy to whip you."
     "Oh no. He is too mean. I have done what he asked. I am going to
stay away from him. Could you and Bill whip me sometime?"
     "No I don't think so. You are much too beautiful to be around
Bill. I would be jealous because I know he would want to fuck you. Give
me your phone number though. Some of the boys were not mean when they
whipped you.  The next time I come here with Bill I will give them your
number."
     We were dressed by then. Jim pounded on the door and said, "Come
on let's go. I am in a hurry to fuck your brains out."
     Kim blushed and said, "I agreed to that too but I'll bet he is a
lousy lover."
     Bill was very happy with me. He made love to me twice and the next
day took me shopping for clothes. He said he was sorry he had put me
through that ordeal and that it would never happen again.
     I didn't believe that but I let him think I had suffered terribly
for him. That may have been a mistake. When we went to adinner at his
fraternity one of the guys asked when they could see my lovely body
hung up again and he said, "Never! She has gone through "Hell Night"
for me. That is enough."
     He hasn't whipped me since that fantastic night. I have been
trying to think of a way to let him know I would enjoy it but I don't
know how to do it without looking like a pervert. I am going to have to
do something. Kim was right. Sex is nothing without the excitement of
exhibiting my nude body and experiencing pain.

                                THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





