BDSM Library - Terry




Terry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The poor girl is introduced to the rich and spoiled who are into all types of exotic sex and sadism.
Terry
by Allene

cast: Todd Terry

    I was only fourteen years old when I fell in love. He was the
man all girls dream of. Handsome, strong, captain of the football
team, and a strong personality. He was eighteen and my
girlfriends and I could hardly believe he would be interested in
me as the other senior boys just sneered at us.
    I am sure now that he was attracted to me not because I was
pretty and had a good body but simply because he recognized the
fact that I adored him and would do anything for him.
    He started testing me on our first date. He had asked me to
go to a dance at his fathers country club.
    All my friends were happy for me except for Myrna and Ethel
who told me that he had probably just asked me to make one of his
regular girlfriends jealous and that as soon as he found out how
dumb and inexperienced I was he would drop me like a hot potato.
I was determined to prove them wrong.
    I had only been on a few dates if you could call them that.
The boys didn't have cars and we just rode our bikes to see the
movies where we held hands. Myrna had a few real dates so I told
her that I wasn't sure how to act with an older boy.
    She said, "Well I suppose you should follow his lead. He can
have any girl in school so you had better do anything he wants if
you want to keep him."
    "What do you think he may want?"
    "With your great body he will probably want to touch you and
maybe even sex. I know he was sleeping with his old girlfriend.
Does that scare you?"
    "No. Not really. I have been curious about it since our sex-
ed course."
    "Good because if you resist him he will probably just move
on." 
    Thank God he had told me the dance was informal because my
folks could not afford to buy a new dress for the occasion. I
decided to wear a white peasant blouse with elastic at the top
and my white vinyl skirt. The blouse was sleeveless with the
elastic hugging the top of my breasts. I wore my tiniest
strapless bra and pulled down the blouse as far as the straps at
the shoulders would allow to get a little cleavage to show off my
firm thirty-six "C" breasts. I spent a lot of time at the mirror
tugging at the blouse and smoothing the skirt that looked good on
my round firm bottom. I hoped the guests would think the skirt
was real leather.
    I was ready twenty minutes before he got there and was so
excited I was on pins and needles by the time he came to the
door.
    I was sorry that he did not say I looked nice, but comforted
myself on the fact he did not look disappointed.
    As we drove off he said,
    " We have a lot of time so since my folks aren't home I
thought we would stop off for a drink at my place.
    I assumed he meant alcohol and I had never had a drink in my
life. I was not about to make him mad in the first minute so
replied,
    " Alright. That might be a good idea. I an a little nervous
and a drink might help."
    I regretted what I said about being nervous as I had already
hurt my chances to look sophisticated.
    His father's house was magnificent. I knew they had money but
had no idea they were that rich. I was a little ashamed about our
house even though it was as nice or nicer than any of my friends.
    When we were in the house he asked,
    " What would you like to drink?"
    I had no idea! I had heard names of drinks but could not
think of any of them so in desperation said,
    " Whatever you are having would be fine."
    " No. I like scotch, I think you would like a Harvey
Wallbanger."
    I joined him at the bar where he poured some vodka and some
Galliano followed by orange juice into a blender. While it
blended he put some ice in a tall glass then filled it from the
blender.
    By the time I was half-way through the glass I could feel the
liquor. Being so nervous I had finished the glass by the time he
had picked out a CD for his stereo.
    " All done already? That's fine. We have plenty."
    When I told him one was enough he looked disappointed and
said,
    " Yeah right. I forgot you were just a little girl."
    I couldn't let that go by so handed him my glass and told him
to fill it up. They must have been blockbusters because I was
giggling and feeling daring by the time I finished the second.
    I stopped giggling when he said,
    " I know I told you it was informal but I didn't think you
would dress for a sunday school picnic."
    He saw my feelings were hurt and renewed my confidence when
He said,
    "I think we can fix it. Come here."
    When I walked over to him he took the top of my blouse and
pulled it down to show some cleavage again since it had worked
it's way back up. I blushed but was happy when he said that was
better . There was a good song on the stereo so he asked me to
dance with him. When the song was over he still wasn't happy.
    "No that won't work. When you lift your arms to dance the
blouse slides back up. Let's try this."
    He took a scissors and cut off the straps then pulled the
blouse down until there was a lot of cleavage and the top of my
bra showed.
    " Yeah. Now you will look like the other girls but now your
bra shows. You better take it off."
    When I hesitated blushing like mad he looked disgusted.
    " Don't be a baby! I'll help you."
    Before I could say anything he pulled my blouse down to my
stomach, unhooked my bra and dropped it to the floor. I felt
really embarrassed and then proud when he told me that I had
beautiful breasts and it was a shame I couldn't go topless.  
    "Do you really think they are beautiful."
    " Oh sure. They are really nice, and firm too." 
    As he said that he took both of them in his hands and lifted
and kneaded them. No-one had ever done that before. I was
embarrassed and thrilled at the same time. He began to twiddle my
nipples with his thumbs until I began to breathe in little pants
in excitement.I was really enjoying the attention and was
actually sorry when he pulled my blouse back up and adjusted it
till the top parts of my breasts were visible almost to my now
erect nipples.
    He had me walk around and pose as he admired me. I had never
gone without a bra except while bathing or in bed. I found it was
exciting to have the blouse rubbing against my nipples while I
kind of danced around him feeling like a show girl. At the end of
the song he had me stand in front of him.
    " Just one more thing. Your panty lines show through the
skirt."
 I had seen that in the mirror at home but didn't know what to do
about it. Actually I had thought it was a little sexy that it was
obvious I was wearing my only pair of bikini panties. By then I
was so excited and giddy from the drinks I didn't object when he
pulled up my skirt and pulled down the panties. Then he decided
that I didn't need a slip either and pulled up the skirt again to
get to the top of my slip. He fumbled around for a while and I
knew he was getting a good look at my pussy but by this time I
was so high and excited I just hoped he would touch it like he
had my boobs.
    When he had me walk in front of a large mirror I had to admit
I looked a lot sexier with part of my breasts showing and moving
with every step. Now that the slip and panties were gone I could
see and feel my bottom moving sensually on the warm vinyl just
asking for attention. I thought that if Madonna could show all
she did on t.v. I was perfectly covered. He told me I had great
legs and he loved the short skirt that showed them off. I giggled
and lifted it a little higher feeling proud when he applauded.
    I was beyond caring about the dance. He insisted I go as he
said he wanted to show me off. This really made me feel pretty
and sexy so when we got there I pulled the blouse down a little
further.
    I was super impressed with the country club. It was huge and
beautiful with a large band playing soft rock and all kinds of
things to eat. I was surprised to see all the kids holding
drinks. When I asked Todd why minors could drink in public he
told me that this was a private club and they could do whatever
they wanted. I ordered a Harvey Wallbanger. When I complained
that it tasted different he handed it back to the bartender and
told him to make it a double. This was more like the ones I had
at the house. I was glad to see all the girls were wearing sexy
outfits. Almost all of them were wearing see through blouses with
no bras, tiny bikini tops and even filmy bras to show off their
flat tummies in hip-hugger mini-skirts. I wasn't embarrassed at
all now and was wishing I had worn a halter top like some of the
girls so I could show off my flat stomach too. When I whispered
this to Todd he said,
    "No problem. Just go into the bathroom and fold the bottom of
your blouse up. The elastic on the bottom will hold it in place.
While you are at it your skirt could be folded under at your
waist to show off your cute little belly-button."
    In the bathroom I folded the blouse up little by little as I
looked in the mirror. I finally decided to go all the way and
folded it till it was tucked tightly under my breasts and bumps
formed at my nipples.. When I pulled down my skirt. I liked the
effect so well I kept pulling it down till it barely covered the
crack of my butt and hid the hair on my pussy. This made it
longer though and I didn't want to hide the legs he liked so much
so I unbuttoned the back of the skirt and folded down the
waistband till it just rested on the top of my butt with the hem
of the skirt only a few inches below my crotch.
    When I returned to the table Todd and the boys with him
whistled and applauded. I blushed with embarrassment but I also
felt very proud and kept my back as straight as possible to keep
my breasts pushing out against my blouse. In a few minutes one of
the girls at our table went to the bathroom. When she came back
her skirt was folded down too and I really felt proud that these
older sophisticated girls would follow my lead.
    While I danced with Todd I asked him why I did not recognize
anyone from our school. He explained that they were all in prep
schools. His dad didn't want him to go to one since they were all
snobs and also their football team sucked.
    " Even though they are snobs on the street. They throw great
parties. If we keep seeing each other I'll take you to them."
    It worried me that he said "If" we kept seeing each other so
I pulled him closer to me so he would know I loved feeling his
hard body pressing on me. I really enjoyed the slow ones as my
breasts rubbed on his chest while he held me tightly to his
crotch with both hands pressing on the cheeks of my butt. I even
liked the fast ones after he told me that he loved watching my
boobs bouncing under my blouse and I became more sensitive to
their movement with my stiff nipples rubbing on my blouse.
    After an hour or so he said that he was bored and wanted to
go. I hated to leave but then thought that if he found this
fabulous party boring I just had to go to a preppie party. I
resolved to make him happy no matter what.
    When we got in the car he put his arm around my shoulder and
let his hand slide into the top of my blouse. I loved the feeling
of his palm rubbing on my nipple and reached over to put my hand
on the large lump in his pants. He grinned at me and I was glad I
had made him happy.
    My curiosity overcame me and I said, "My girl friends and I
were surprised you asked me to the dance instead of one of the
senior girls or your regular girlfriend. Why did you pick me?"
    "Why not. You are pretty and have a good body. I dropped my
old girl because she didn't want to do what I wanted. I thought
since you hadn't dated so much you might be more cooperative."
    I thought she was really stupid to refuse him anything and
said, "I won't be that way. I want to make you happy."
    He hugged me and said, "Good Girl!. As long as you make me
happy we will be going steady."
    That confirmed Myrna's warning but it didn't bother me. I
couldn't think of anything he may want that wouldn't excite me
and so far everything had just been thrilling."
    When we got back to the house he took off his coat and tie
and made us drinks. Then he put on some slow music and came back
to me and told me to put my hands up in the air. When I did he
pulled my blouse up and off me and then took off his shirt. When
he started dancing with me he said,
    " Ah yes this is much better."
    I had to agree. It felt wonderful to have my nipples rubbing
against the hair on his chest. They began to tingle and rubbed
harder from my deep breathing. I also noticed the bulge in his
crotch I had been feeling all night was definitely bigger and
harder. Just as I was wishing I could feel it skin to skin like
our chests he stopped dancing to unbutton and unroll my waistband
so it could fall to the floor. Then he dropped his pants and
kicked free of them. This is when I found I was not the only one
not wearing underwear. I had seen pictures of penises at school
but not hard. I had no idea they were so big. I was anxious to
begin dancing again to feel it rubbing on me but he soon lost
interest in that and cupped my pussy in my palm then made me gasp
when his middle finger slid into the slit to rub on my clitoris
that I had discovered a few years ago and enjoyed rubbing at
night.
I knew what was going to happen and was afraid it wouldn't fit in
my pussy since it was a lot bigger than a tampon and I sometimes
had trouble getting them in. It turned out not to be a problem as
the rubbing against it while dancing plus the time he spent
playing with my pussy with his fingers had it so wet that
although I could feel it stretch when he pushed it in there was
no pain.
    Just when I was really beginning to enjoy it he gave a hard
lunge and a grunt and pulled it out!
    " Sorry I was so quick. You have kept me worked up all night.
I'll take care of you."
    Before I knew what was happening his head was at my crotch
and I felt his tongue working against the clitoris I had spent so
much time fingering in the last few months.
    It felt absolutely glorious! Much better than my finger. I
had heard about having your pussy licked but always thought it
was just made up out of someone's imagination. I had no idea
anyone actually did it. I thought he must really like me to do
such a disgusting thing to make me happy. Just as I was reaching
for the moon.. He stopped!
    " Sorry baby. All that hair is making me gag. Can we trim
it?"
    I planned to trim it anyway before I started wearing my
bikini. I was too excited to talk so just nodded. He got up and
came back with a cordless shaver saying,
    "This will work great. It has a sideburn trimmer."
 It seemed like he spent hours down there but I didn't care as
the vibration from the shaver kept my excitement to a peak.
Finally he was satisfied and put his tongue back in. I soon
reached an orgasm that was much more exciting than anything I
could get playing with myself and to my delight they kept coming
and kept getting stronger until I must have nearly smothered him
as I pushed his head into my pussy. When he quit I was exhausted.
    He got up and got us a drink and a cigarette. Then he turned
the lights on bright. I was embarrassed and rolled over on my
stomach. I felt a slap on my ass!
    " I am going to keep spanking you till you turn over. I want
to see that great body."
    Even being spanked was thrilling so I let him do it until I
got tender and his spanks got so hard the slaps echoed off the
walls and I felt some real pain. When I rolled over he said,
    "You really look great baby, Don't you want to see your new
pussy?"
    I went over to the mirror and saw that he didn't just trim
it. It was totally bald!
    "God! What am I going to tell the girls at school when we
take showers after gym?"
    "Just tell them all the movie stars do it. It is easier to
keep it clean. Those girls will believe anything. I want you to
keep it that way all the time. Only I want to be the one that
does it."
    " Can't I keep just a little bit. It makes me feel so naked."
    " No way. I want you to feel naked. It will keep you horny.
You can't wear panties either. That way you will feel every
little breeze."
    " Well okay. I guess it is worth it if you will lick me down
there. That felt wonderful."
    " Don't say down there. Say I want you to lick my pussy."
    I had to hesitate as it seemed dirty to ask for such a thing.
    " Say it!"
    " I want you to lick my pussy."
    " Get on your knees and say, 'Please lick my pussy Todd, I'll
do anything for you."
    This was getting kind of kinky but I did as he asked.
    " I will as soon as you reciprocate."
    "What do you mean?"
    "I mean as long as you are on your knees, suck my dick."
    " No Todd. That is disgusting. It has been in my pussy!"
    " So has my tongue. Are you going to do it?"
    " No. It would probably make me sick."
    " Alright. Put on your clothes. I'll take you home. Don't
talk to me at school. I don't want to hear any excuses."
    " No. I'm sorry I'll do it."
    " Say Please let me suck your cock Todd."
    By this time I didn't even want to think of the consequences
of making him mad so said timidly,
    " Please let me suck your cock Todd. I promise I will make
you happy."
    " Alright. Turn around and put your hands behind your back. I
don't want you to cheat by jerking me off."
    I turned my back and he tied my hands behind me with my
panties. Then he sat back in an overstuffed chair as he pointed
his dick at my lips. My imagination went wild. I remembered a
romance novel I had read where this arabian prince fell in love
with a beautiful slave. I was suddenly that heroine wishing to
please my master.
I did not know what I was doing so he provided instructions
telling me how to move my tongue and not to let my teeth touch
him. Then he pulled my head forward until I would gag until I
finally got used to it and felt his cock go down my throat. This
really made him happy especially when I would swallow. Suddenly
he grabbed my head and jammed my nose into his crotch hair as I
felt his cock pumping semen down my throat. Thank God it didn't
taste bad and I was glad I could make him as happy as he had me.
    My butt was still tingling a little from the spanking and I
went over to the mirror to look at it. It was just a little red
and the tingle felt good.
    I said, "Oh look. My bottom is still red from your spanking."
    "How do you feel about that?"
    "I don't know. I always thought of spankings as punishment
and humiliating but for some reason when you did it it was
exciting and the tingle now feels really nice."
    "Then you will really like this."
    His dick was hard again and he had me sit on it while he laid
on his back then as I pumped up and down he began slapping my
butt with his hands. It seemed to double the sensations and as I
neared orgasm I said excitedly, "Harder! Faster! until I had a
wonderful orgasm.
    "Oh God that was fabulous!"
    "Yeah. It was great for me too. Having to concentrate on
slapping your ass when you went up made me last longer."
    I knew then my butt would be spanked a lot but that only
thrilled me and when he suggested I let my bare butt sit on the
leather seat on the way home it felt really great.
    I had to go home as it was getting late and I knew Mom would
be waiting up for me. I had brought a sweater in case it got
cold. It was a good thing because Todd wouldn't let me put on my
blouse or bra on the way home and had me pull up my skirt so my
bare ass was on the seat and pushed forward so he could play with
my tits and pussy all the way home. I was panting with excitement
by the time I got home so I had him let me off at my driveway to
give me a chance to calm down before I went in the house.
    He was right about the girls at the shower. Once they got
over the shock a few shaved theirs and by the end of the week all
of them had trimmed the hair like a crew-cut or in shapes like
hearts. I really felt like a trend setter and I owed it to Todd.
    Another change came with the decorated pussies. Before we had
wrapped ourselves in towels as soon as we stepped out of the
shower but little by little all the girls just dried off and
dropped the towels to walk proudly back to their lockers causing
even more embarrassment to the girls with too fat or skinny
bodies. It was a boon for the school because the fat ones went on
diets so they could be naked without embarrassment while the
skinny ones began to exercise to give themselves a better
appetite. I especially became very vain and was anxious to get
naked for him, delighted by the fact it would make him excited
and he would say that I was beautiful and his friends would be
jealous if they saw me naked.
     I guess we both knew at this point that he owned me and I
would not protest any thing he wanted to do. We had done just
about everything we could do in the way of sex . I was willing to
try anything he suggested because every thing he came up with
ended by my having great orgasms. All I had to do was think of
him to get excited and I thought about him most of the time.
    Although just looking at him excited me and in spite of my
willingness to please him he seemed to become less interested in
me. Our dates became further apart and sometimes I had to beg him
to make love to me. In desperation I told him I would do anything
he wanted in even his wildest fantasies. that brought back some
interest as he said, "Are you really my love slave? Will you do
anything for me?"
    "Yes anything!"
    "Even something humiliating in front of others?"
    I knew he liked showing me off and thought he meant making me
get naked in front of his friends. Actually I was now very proud
of my body and the idea actually appealed to me.
    "Yes. You can make me get naked in front of the whole schoool
if you want."
    He grinned and said, "I don't think that could be worked out
but I may come up with something."
    I found how committed to him I was in a few days. He was
giving me a ride home from school when I asked him what he
planned to do later. He told me he was going to play poker with
his friends and said I would be bored. I kept pleading to go with
him till he agreed as long as I kept quiet.
    He was right, I did get bored right away and couldn't resist
hanging around his chair while he played. He kept telling me to
go away and play the tv or stereo but I always worked my way
back.
    After awhile it evidentally annoyed one of his friends as he
began to talk about me as if I wasn't there.
    " Jesus Todd. What do you want this young chick hanging
around for. You know you can do better."
    " Maybe not. She is pretty, has a great body, and best of all
she will do anything I want. Won't you baby."
    I wasn't expecting the question and didn't know our
relationship would be so public but stammered, " Yes, anything."
    " Yeah sure." sneered the one who had been picking on me.
    Todd replied. " I guess you guys need some convincing. You
can see she has a beautiful face. Terry! Get your clothes off so
they can see your great bod."
    I realized we had reached the scene he had talked about. He
wanted to show me off to make them jealous of him. I hesitated
too long as I looked at all the expectant faces thinking about it
and wondering if I should put on music to do a strip tease. He
evidentally interpreted my indecision for refusal. He suddenly
barked,
    " I am not going to ask again. Get them off or get out."
    " No. I'll do it! I don't know if I should do it here or
undress in the bathroom and come back naked."
    " Right here. George, put on some music with a beat. She
might as well do it right."
    " I had only seen strippers a couple of times in movies but
the idea of taking my clothes off in front of a lot of people
fascinated me. I had watched their moves carefully and tried to
do as they had. I kept watching their faces to see what they
liked best. Since I was only wearing a sweater, skirt, and
sandals it only took a minute to get naked and I had the rest of
the song to dance to. They cheered when I stroked my breasts but
I didn't want to touch my pussy so I turned my back to them and
spanked a butt cheek in time with the music. They really liked
that so I used both hands to spank both cheeks. They began to
chant "Harder! harder!" until my butt got real hot. I felt proud
and excited that I could make them so excited. The heavy beat was
easy to dance to and seemed to encourage the slaps to my butt. I
got so excited I began rubbing my tits and pussy. They really
seemed to like it and I felt good as maybe now they wouldn't try
to break us up even though I was younger and not as rich.
    When the record was over I didn't know what to do. I just
stood there with my hands at my sides awaiting direction. It soon
came.
    " Very good Terry. But look,you naughty girl. My dick is hard
as a rock. Come over here and suck it so I can be comfortable
again." He had unzipped his pants and there was no question it
was as hard as it would ever get. I wanted to do it but I was
embarrassed by the other boys looking at me hungrily.
    "Please Todd. Do they have to watch. Make them go away."
    " Damn it. I didn't ask for questions. Are you coming over
here or not?"
    It was suddenly important to me to prove to the other boys
how much I loved Todd and what I would do for him so I got on my
knees in front of him and did my very best to get him off.  I
felt humiliated when he pulled his dick out of my mouth and shot
cum in my face. He grinned at me while he scraped the cum off my
face with his finger and stuck it in my mouth. It helped a little
when the other boys clapped and stomped their feet Yelling "Hey .
She is something else. Watching her do that with her red butt is
too much!" When I had licked the last bit of cum off his finger
he said,
    " God I think that calls for a drink. Do you guys have
anything?"
    I heartily agreed a drink would help my embarrassment at
being naked and the humiliation of sucking his dick while the
others stared and yelled encouragement.
    The one that had sneered at me answered, "Hell yes. We broke
into the Dean's office and stole all the booze and stuff he had
confiscated from the fraternities and sororities."
    While he said this he looked at me with deep longing and I
felt very gratified that I could make all of them want me so
much. 
    I went over to the closet they pointed out and pulled out a
box with part full bottles of booze and cans of beer. Todd had me
go to the kitchen to make drinks, it was easy since they just
wanted vodka and orange juice or for Todd Scotch and water.I
mixed a glass for myself of half vodka and half orange juice. It
made my stomach warm and gave me the nerve to take their drinks
back to them still naked. They watched every little move I made
and it began to really excite me to have such power over them.  
    As I was going back one of the guys said, " How about sharing
the action. She has really got me turned on. I could use a blow-
job too."
    " Sorry about that guys. She will do anything I say but just
for me. You are my love slave aren't you Terry?
    God,. That threw me right back into the romance novel.I
proudly answered, " Yes I love him enough to do anything for
him."
    They gulped their drinks and asked for another. I told Todd
that there had only been enough scotch for one drink so he sent
me back to bring the other box to see if there was any in it.
    I noticed while carrying the box back that it was lighter
than the first one and didn't gurgle. When I opened it I found it
was full of paddles, whips and leather padded cuffs. I asked,
    " What are these for."
    " The Dean thought the pledge hazing was getting too rough so
he took them away. It was no problem we just got some more."
    One of the other boys said "Yeah. We were not about to give
up hazing once we had made a deal with our sister sorority to
haze their pledges while they hazed ours. Turning those cute
frosh girl's butts red while their naked bods crawled between our
legs is too much of a turn-on to ever give up."
    The idea should have frightened me but I felt excited
picturing myself crawling between the naked legs of countless
boys while my bottom was being spanked.
    I couldn't resist picking them up and was trying to imagine
what they would feel like when I was brought back to reality.
    The boy who had sneered said, " What she did doesn't prove
you own her. There are a lot of sluts who would do what she did.
We see them all the time at the parties."
    Todd retorted, " You don't think you are a slut do you
Terry?"
    " Oh no! I was a virgin when I met you."
    " Would you like to prove you do these things because I want
you to do them. Not just because you like it."
    My feelings were hurt that I had been called a slut so I
answered, " Yes. I'll do whatever you want to prove it."
    " Something sexy wouldn't prove anything. Why don't you pick
out something out of the box and tell us how many swats you will
take to prove it."
    I remembered that I had continued to lay on my stomach while
he spanked me even after it began to hurt because the thrill was
even greater. To have an audience seemed even more thrilling and
would prove my love to everyone.
     I had noticed that one of the whips had soft leather straps
about an inch wide coming out of the handle. It looked as it
would hurt the least so I held it up and said excitedly. " Would
ten be enough?"
    " You mean ten for each of us, of course."
    The situation now really appealed to me as I was sure none of
my friends would do this for their boy friends. This would surely
prove my love. I wanted to impress on them just how much I was
willing to suffer for Todd so I said, "Wow, that is forty, it
will hurt awfully won't it?"
    "Probably. But pledges get that many often. You could
consider it hazing and we would make you an honorary member of a
sororiety. You wouldn't mind a little pain. The spanking excited
you."
    Knowing other girls had to submit seemed to make it better
and a hazing would make me more like them.
    "No. I guess it would have to hurt to show I am not just a
slut and I would feel more equal with the other girls "
    " Do you think you can stand still for them or would you
rather have your wrists tied to the ceiling beam?"
    I remembered seeing a picture in a history book of a woman
being whipped while her hands were tied to a limb. I had looked
at the picture for some time wondering what that would be like as
I had never received more than a hand spanking. Being tied and
helpless seemed to make it more exciting and I would not look
like a silly wimp if it hurt more than I imagined making me try
to escape.
    "I don't know. What do the other girls prefer."
    One of the boys started to speak but Todd interrupted to say,
"Most of them prefer to be tied so they won't have to concentrate
on being still for the more sensitive areas like the inner thighs
and their boobs."
    That scared me and I said tremously, "Oh. I thought I would
just be hit on my butt."
    "Are you kidding. Forty swats on your butt would probably
bruise it and make it sore for hours. It is better to spread them
around so the pain leaves right away." 
" Since we all know I am your slave maybe it would be better if I
was tied and helpless like real slaves were in the old days
helpless for you in spite of the pain I am willing to suffer for
you."
    I just said that to convince him that I was irreplaceable.
Actually the prospect only frightened me a little I was sure the
whip could not be too bad if the sorority girls would allow it to
be used on them. 
    They cheered proving I had said the right thing then threw a
rope over the beam as Todd put some wrist cuffs on me that had a
chain connecting them together. Then he tied the rope to the
chain and two of them pulled on the rope till my toes barely
touched the floor.
    They didn't start with the swats right away. They all agreed
my body looked great with the tension on my arms and felt ny
uplifted breasts, my flat stomach and my shaved pussy. I enjoyed
the attention and compliments. When they said my shaved pussy was
a real turn-on and they were going to shave their own girls I was
glad Todd had shaved mine. Rather than being humiliated by being
hung naked I felt pride and a sense of power to be able to make
them so obviously excited and awed by my beauty and bravery to
accept this as proof of love.I began to get really excited and
was dying of anticipation as they cut cards to see who would be
first.
    It worried me that Todd was last since the other boys might
hit harder but it was all right.
    I knew I had made the right choice with the whip as the first
three to the lower part of my butt just stung and sent shock
waves to my pussy which increased my excitement and let me ignore
the pain. The next two went to my upper thighs even closer to my
pussy and the sting and tingle made my clitoris twinge to
increase the excitement even more. He was whipping me slowly to
make it last which also let me savor the radiating stings.
    I looked out at my audience to see a look of awe and
excitement on their faces much greater than simply seeing me
naked. I felt like a sexy movie star being idolized by her fans.
    Then I felt the whip come across my stomach just below my
navel. It hurt more to cause me to gasp but the after shock to my
pussy came even stronger. Suddenly I noticed I was facing a
mirrored wall and watched fascinated as the whip slowly crawled
up my stomach toward my boobs. I looked down at the boys to see
their excitement was matching mine a couple were actually panting
with excitement and all were rubbing their crotches.
    The last came across my breasts which really hurt! But then I
felt this heat travelling down my body that made it alright.
    As he gave the whip to the next boy I stared at my red body
pulsating from excitement and felt heat enveloping me causing my
body to sheen from my sweat.
    The next boy gave me two to my butt and then two to my thighs
letting the tip go between my legs that made a sharper sting to
my inner thigh that caused a gasp as it nearly grazed my pussy
lip and made me pump my hips forward reflexively.
    The next came across my pubic bone and since I had swivelled
my hips forward the bottom thong actually went across the top of
my lips. I squealed but not from pain rather excitement to the
sting so close to my clit.
    He started up my body but now I was looking forward to the
sting to my boobs and took a deep breath to push them out to see
them sink under the lash only to bounce back out with the nipples
hard seeming to beg for the last that hit on them directly for a
very sharp sting that travelled down my body to bring me close to
orgasm.
    The next boy lost all interest in my butt and concentrated on
my breasts, stomach, and to as much of my pussy as he could get
to with my legs together. I suddenly realized I was about to
reach orgasm as three in a row hit at my crotch and upper thighs!
    I opened my eyes to see Todd  through my tears standing in
front of me. Todd said quietly, "The only white areas left are
your inner thighs and your pussy. Spread your legs for me,
Terry."
    I shook my head in fear but I swear my body on it's own began
to spread my legs. As I heard, "Jesus. I don't believe this. Look
at her! She is spreading her legs so Todd can get to her pussy!"
    His awe made me feel even more proud of my bravery  and I
defiantly spread them even more. I knew this would let the thongs
hit directly on my pussy with no peotection from my thighs but I
also knew that this ultimate submission and the greater pain
would bring on a wonderful climax. I spread them even more.     
    My clitoris twinged in excitement when one of them exclaimed,
"My God! She is opening them so wide her pussy lips are coming
open!"
    Todd hit my tender inner thighs with back hands and forehands
as I felt the stings creeping up to my pussy  gradually faster
and harder to bring on orgasms and then fantastic ones as I
watched in fascination as my pussy lips squirmed and stung under
the lash.
    I was so out of it I hardly noticed as they untied me and
Todd hurried to the nearest bedroom and dropped me on the bed on
my back. He had not removed the cuffs. I found I was stretching
my arms above my head and pulling my arms apart to keep the
illusion I was tied and being stretched as Todd buried his dick
in my sopping pussy to bring on more orgasms until he fell on me
in exhaustion as my pussy muscles continued to squeeze the last
drops of his cum into my body.
    We must have gone to sleep for a few minutes. The next thing
I knew Todd was putting some cool salve on my red body. The pain
was gone and his gentle caresses felt wonderful.
    I said, "Thank you. That feels wonderful and the pain is
gone. I tried to be brave and not scream. Are you proud of me?"
    "God yes! You were magnificent. The guys are totally jealous
of me. They didn't know you were in orgasm and thought your
screams at the end were from pain. They could hardly believe you
kept your legs open. But we know it was fantastically thrilling
to you don't we?"
    It embarrassed me as I was sure that couldn't be a normal
reaction and whimpered, "Are you disappointed I had this strange
reaction? It really hurt at first and I agreed to suffer for you
not knowing it would eventually turn to fantastic excitement."
    "God no! I was feeling guilty for putting you through that at
first and am really happy you are able to get off on whipping
because I love whipping you and seeing you whipped. Your body
looks beautiful hanging and turning red under the lash and I
can't believe my good luck in finding you."
    He took off my cuffs and handed me my clothes. I felt bad
about that. The cuffs seemed to be proof of my commitment and I
didn't want to hide my body that had brought both of us so much
excitement. 
    The other boys were gone when we left. Todd picked up the
whip and cuffs saying,
    " I don't think they will care if we take these for
souvenirs. I can look at them and be reminded of how you proved
your love."
    I took them from him and held them feeling little twinges of
excitement knowing by our taking them there was no doubt I would
be whipped again.
    When we got to the car I pulled up my skirt so I could feel
my tender butt against the leather seat. As I squirmed he said,
    " How do you feel."
    " It just feels like a light sunburn. I'll be fine."
    " No I meant how do you feel mentally. Do you hate me for
putting you through that?"
    " Oh no! I am glad I proved I loved you and I am not just a
slut."
    " You sure as hell proved it. As a reward I am going to buy
you some new clothes tomorrow."
    I told him that I thought that would be great and after
thinking awhile finally admitted,
    " Todd.. I don't know how to explain it but I didn't really
prove anything. I didn't mind being whipped. Actually, it made me
very excited and I know  I will want you to do it again."
    "The point is you agreed to it at my demand before you knew
it would turn you on. I am glad you admitted it. I was pretty
sure you were cumming at the end by the way you were panting and
your stomach was pulsating. Did you know you were pushing out
your pussy to meet the whip?"
    " Oh God, Really? I must have no self-control at all! I was
so out of it at the end I didn't know what I was doing. Do you
think I am crazy?"
    " Well if you are I sure don't want you to be cured."
    By this time I was home so he gave me a deep kiss and walked
me up to my house. Mom evidently decided I could be trusted as
she was not waiting up for me.
    I stood in front of my mirror stroking lotion over my body
where a few welts had formed when the lashes crossed over each
other. My clitoris was still tingling from a thong that had hit
directly on it. Just a gentle touch made me become excited and I
fell into bed where I played with myself having fantasies of
being whipped until I went to sleep. 
    In the morning I jumped out of bed to inspect myself in the
mirror. I was actually disappointed that I had no marks to prove
what I had been through. I actually began to wonder if the whole
thing had been a dream.
    After school Todd told me I had made his friends so horny
they had rushed to their girl-friends to get laid. That made me
proud I was able to excite them so much and glad the experience
had been real. I told him that there was no damage to my skin and
that I had not been sure it had really happened."
    "It happened alright and I want to reward you."
     As my reward for making his friends envious he took me to
the fanciest women's store in town. I had never been in it for
any time because the sales girls intimidated me and the first
price tag convinced me I could not afford anything in it.
    They knew Todd and followed us as he led me into a fitting
room. It was huge with mirrors on all the walls. I was used to
the tiny cubicles in K-Mart and Penney's. This was magnificent.
    Without ceremony he pulled my sweater over my head and
slipped off my skirt so I was standing naked in the center of the
room. Then he told them to measure me and bring in some bikini
bathing suits and some sexy clothes for parties.
    I quickly became used to being naked since the sales-girls
seemed to think it was normal for me to be naked with a man in
the room. I eventually began to enjoy it since they complimented
me as they dressed and undressed me as if I was a mannikin
instead of human. The man that brought in shoes didn't seem to
notice I was nude. I consoled myself for his lack of admiration
by assuming he was homosexual. He bought two bikinis one for the
public beaches and the other for private pools. The private one
just had a tiny triangle to barely cover my pussy with strings
going up the crack of my butt and around my waist. The top was
just two pieces of cloth big enough to cover my nipples with tiny
strings to hold them in place.
    For nights he bought two metallic skirts and halters in gold
and silver, and a black leather skirt with leather bra.
    I don't know how many outfits I tried on for him. He rejected
anything that was not sexy. He was becoming bored when they
brought in a white spandex mini-dress. I swear a pimple would
have made an outline in it. It was skin-tight. He came over and
pinched my nipples till they got hard to see the effect. He
evidentally liked it as he told them we would take it and to
bring in another and a pair of scissors so he could make some
alterations.
    He cut out the top till my breasts were showing almost to the
nipples. Then he cut an oblong piece out of the front which left
most of the bottoms of my breasts showing and a bare midriff
clear down to the top of my pussy. then he had me turn around and
cut the back out so I had cleavage at the back from the crack of
my butt.
    He had me turn around a few times then folded the skirt up
till it was just covering my butt and pussy.
    By this time there was so little material left it became
loose at the top so he had them get some string so he could lace
it up to pull it tight against my breasts.
    He was finally satisfied and said,
    " Okay. Hem up what I cut and add some button holes to thread
elastic string through and it should be good."
    " Yes sir. That was an expensive dress. It might have been
better for us just to give you some cloth for your design."
    " I don't give a shit about cost. Are you criticizing me?"
    " Oh no sir. It will be beautiful."
    " Alright. Have that ready by friday. We are going to a
party. Let's get out of here Terry. I am bored."
    When we got out to the car I thanked him for the clothes but
told him I couldn't take them home as I wouldn't be able to
explain where I got them to mom.
    " You are a little late thanking me. You could have thanked
me when I paid for them. It is going to be a pain in the ass
keeping your clothes for you." 
    " Yes I know. I am sorry. Maybe you should give me a spanking
for being so much trouble. Spankings just hurt. It won't be
exciting like a whip."
    " Yeah you are right. We can't go to my place my folks are
home. We will just go into the woods."
    It seemed we walked for miles into the woods before he found
what he was looking for. It was a splintery log that had fallen
to be my waist high. Actually it was probably not that far but
the anticipation and excitement made it seem longer.
    " I don't have any rope with me. You will just have to bend
over that log."
    I did not have to be told to undress while he looked for
something to spank me.
    I was laying over the splintery bark log reminding myself I
would have to remain very still while being spanked if I didn't
want splinters all over my stomach and breasts. He returned with
a willow switch almost as tall as he was.
    " How many lashes should I give you?"
    " Oh God. That is going to hurt. I know! Once I dented my
Dad's car and he was so mad he used a switch smaller than that to
whip my butt and it hurt bad even though I was wearing shorts. I
am afraid to commit myself to any number. I will take as many as
you want to give me. The pain will prove how much I love you."
    " Alright. Try to keep quiet. Sound travels like crazy in the
woods."
    The willow switch did not have the wind resistance of the
whip and also concentrated the pain in a small area.  I forgot
all about my concern over the splintery log as I lunged back and
forth with each spank that caused terrible pain as it sunk into
my flesh. Incredibly I was able to transform even this terrible
pain to excitement once he started hitting the lower part of my
butt near my pussy. The pain and excitement finally became too
great and I screamed. He stopped hitting me immediately but when
I started to rise from the log he pushed me forward again and
started fucking me dog-fashion which caused my lower stomach to
crash into the splinters.
    I must have came at least three times before he did. When he
fell back to the forest floor I simply slid off the log to lay
beside him.
    When we recovered he looked at my ass and told me that I
would have some welts but not too bad. He was concerned enough to
say he would stop at the drug store and get some salve.
    My breasts and stomach were itching and burning like crazy. I
showed them to him and he said,
    " Wow that is wild. You look like a pin cushion. You even
have stickers in your nipples! I guess I need to get a tweezers
too."
    I knew I could have prevented the stickers in my breasts
easily by pushing out from the log but towards the end I had
deliberately pressed them into the log to increase the pain even
more to get me to orgasm.
    He didn't seem sorry he had hurt me so much and I felt
perverted to be able to get excited in spite of the terrible pain
so I said, "That really hurt terribly. Did it make up for making
you angry?"
    "God yes! It made me feel very proud that you took it in
spite of the terrible pain to make it up to me. Any other girl
would have tried to escape. I can't describe how much I love you
and I will make it up to you."
    That really made me happy and I hugged and kissed him feeling
the stickers moving as we pressed our bodies together.
    I put my clothes back on and was soon wishing I could have
remained naked as every step I took caused my clothes to snag and
move the stickers. Eventually even this became exciting and I
looked forward to the times he hit bumps in the road or swerved
which made my breasts move and pull on the stickers imbedded in
my nipples. While he was in the drug store I found I was rubbing
my stomach and breasts to increase the feeling.
    He rented a motel room to put on the salve. He had me lay on
my stomach on the bed as he rubbed the salve on my butt. He
pushed hard enough to move my skin against the bedspread driving
in the splinters and must have enjoyed my moans as he seemed to
take a lot of time on my butt even after the pain had gone away.
    Finally he had me turn over and slowly pulled out the
splinters leaving my pussy and breasts for last. The pain of
pulling them out was not terrible and brought on excitement
culminating with twice as much pain as he slowly pulled them out
of my nipples. By the time he had pulled the last splinter out of
my nipples we were both more than ready for one more round of
sex.
    After we rested for a minute he said,
    " We had better get going. Our folks are going to be
wondering why we are so late getting home from school. Just clean
me up and we'll get out of here."
    " Do you want me to give you a bath?"
    " Yeah. With your tongue!"
    This was just pure humiliation. He did not even get hard as I
licked all his and my juices off his cock, balls, pubic hair and
even his ass-hole. It was worth it when he said,
    " Nice job, Terry. That felt great.I hope you are around
anytime I feel sticky down there."
    I don't know what kind of salve he bought but it worked great
and I told him that there was no pain at all any more and I kind
of missed it since it reminded me of proving my love for him.
    " Well we can't have that, can we?"
    He pulled over to the side of the road and dug around in the
glove box till he found a voltage tester that had alligator clips
at the ends of wires. He had me pull up my sweater and loop it
over my head so he could put them on my nipples and tie the wires
around my neck pulling my nipples and breasts toward my chin.
They really had sharp teeth and I was in quite a bit of pain as
they bit my nipples which increased when he started the car and
my boobs began to weave and bob with every movement of the car.
He noticed my gasps as thry were bitten and made it worse by
going onto gravel roads with pot-holes which made my tits bounce
and the teeth to take stronger bites. It felt like my nipples
were being chewed off by rats! I couldn't stand it and grabbed my
breasts to keep them from moving. He didn't like that and stopped
the car to unzip my skirt and put my hands in my crotch then
tightened the seat belt tightly over my arms to bind them to my
stomach and used his belt to pull my elbows together behind my
back so I could not use my arms to steady them. 
    This made it even worse. It made me lean forward to make my
breasts free to jump and sway as he swerved to hit potholes and
the only way I could ignore the pain was by rubbing and pinching
my clit.
    That worked and I started orgasms that let me simply enjoy
the bites to my nipples.
 By the time I got home I was panting so hard he had to take them
off and sit in the car till I calmed down. Again he seemed amazed
and delighted I could absorb that much pain and said he would be
proud to take me to the preppie party next Friday night.
    Just as we were about to get out my father came out to the
car and embarrassed me by fawning over Todd and telling him how
happy he was his daughter had found such a nice boy friend. This
turned out to be a blessing because they never complained again
when I got home late. Todd arranged to let us stay all night and
the next day by having me tell them I was staying overnight with
one of his girl friends. The phone number he gave them was
actually their butlers phone so when they called the butler would
tell them I was out with the girl for breakfast, tennis or
whatever.
    Finally friday came and Todd took me up to his room to put on
my bikini and put my dress in a bag. He had bought a fake fur
coat for me to wear in the car on the way to the party.
    As soon as we were inside the door he took off my coat and
took me to the back of the house where there was an inside
swimming pool. I was really impressed! There was a fake
waterfall, and jacuzzi's around the huge pool. It was kind of
strange as all the girls were nearly naked while the boys were
fully dressed. I was feeling bashful in my skimpy bikini till I
saw all the girls were as naked as I was. One girl just had some
sequins on her nipples and pussy. I asked her about it.
    " Oh do you like it? I made it myself. I just glued some
sequins to duct tape."
    " Doesn't it hurt when you pull it off your crotch?"
    " Not any more. I don't have any hair there after taking it
off a few times. You don't have hair on your pussy do you?"
    " No. Todd doesn't like it."
    " It is just as well. It is messy and you can't really get
naked with hair."
    After a few drinks as I lounged in a jacuzzi I heard screams.
Evidently one of the girls had made her boy friend mad. He held
her on his lap as he beat her butt with his belt. The other girls
just giggled as the boys laughed and applauded. I worked my way
over to them in time to see the girl get on her knees in front of
him to say with tears rolling down her cheeks,
    " Thank you for spanking me, master.I know I deserved it."
    I realized then that I was not the only girl getting spanked
and didn't feel abnormal anymore. I was happy I didn't make a
fool out of myself by crying and blubbering after a spanking as
she was doing.
    Todd had been talking to the other guests. He came back to
tell me,
    " I am glad you are brave. I would be embarrassed if you
carried on like that over a simple spanking."
    "I don't understand. If she hates it so much why does she
date him? Was this her first spanking?"
    "No. Just her first in public. She is really poor and will
accept it just to have the nice clothes and go to nice places. He
will do something nice for her to make her forget it then
continue to test her to see how much she will accept. At first he
just had her show her tits then get totally naked with a small
spanking when she refused. The spankings have gooten harder using
his belt. He told her the next time she refused anything she
would be whipped but she still didn't say she wouldn't go with
him anymore. I am sure she knows that he will eventually have an
excuse to whip her.
    I realized I was being trained just like her but I just
thought I was lucky that I could convert the pain to excitement.
Perversely the thought of being whipped in front of all the boys
and girls really excited me prompting me to let him know I had no
objection by saying,
    " I am glad you told me. I will make a special effort to be
brave if you decide you want to punish me in front of them."
    I guess I must be an exhibitionist. The idea of being
punished in front of all these people really turned me on and I
knew my suggestion may make him think of a reason to punish me.
    Todd just smiled and kissed me saying, " Come on I will
introduce you to every one."
    All the boys were very friendly but some of the girls were a
little snotty when they did not recognize my last name.
    Eventually they got bored with swimming and the girls began
to go into the house to come back in their dancing clothes. Todd
told me to change in one of the bedrooms. When I walked into the
first bedroom the girl in the duct tape bikini was there lying on
the bed.
    " Terry would you pull these off for me. It is much more
interesting if someone else does it."
    I was glad to do it and did not realize till then how strong
duct tape was. Her nipples and pussy lips pulled way out from her
body as the tape pulled away. At her direction I pulled them off
very slowly so she could make the feeling last. As she laid there
caressing her now nude nipples and pussy she said,
    " What are you going to do for the party contributions?"
    " I am afraid I don't know what you are talking about."
    " Didn't Todd tell you? Later on the girls get money for the
next party by entertaining. Sometimes we have wet t-shirt
competitions or best strip-teaser. The boys pay into a pot for
the girls to compete and the winner gets money to buy clothes,
with the balance for the next party. Bill, my boyfriend, told me
that tonight it would be individual entertainment. We will write
on the blackboard what we will do and the boys will put money in
the box with our name. A lot of the girls will dance but I don't
have any talent or big tits so I'll probably sell spanks at five
bucks each. I am surprised Todd didn't tell you. It is his turn
to be master of ceremonies."
    "Oh wow! That will probably hurt a lot. What do they spank
you with?"
    "That is up to them. I hope they won't use the big wood
paddles. They bruise bad and make it hurt for hours. Leather
hurts too but the pain stops in a little while."
    I know. I hate being spanked. I would rather be whipped so it
doesn't last. Have you tried that?"
    "I like spankings. The pain is so close to my pussy I can get
so excited I want more. When I was whipped it was done to my back
and it just hurt without being sexy.
    "I understand but Todd whips my butt, upper thighs and front
so it is all sexy."
    "Oh wow! Does he hit your boobs and pussy? That must be
awful!"
    "Not really. It is all just skin. It only hurts terribly on
your nipples and close to your clit but they usually save that
for last and by that time I want the extra pain."
    "Yeah but my boobs are super sensitive. Don't they hurt for
hours?"
    "No. The sting and burn goes away quickly but they do swell
up and throb to keep you excited for a long time."
    "Maybe I'll try it some time but I've got to get going."
    She jumped up to change clothes. When I had my dress on I
felt a little bashful because it was even smaller after it was
hemmed. She told me I looked great as she put on a tiny leather
skirt and pulled her nipples through holes cut in her leather
bra.She pulled them out so far it was obvious the edges of the
holes were cutting into her breasts. When I asked her if that
hurt she said,
    " Yeah a little. It hurts more as time goes by. My tits are
so small I have to do something to draw attention to them."
    " They aren't so small. Your whole body is little so they
aren't out of proportion."
    " Oh yeah. Take another look. My ass is big and round. That's
my good point. The boys love to spank it and it is so firm I can
take a lot of spanking."
    When I walked out with her I felt almost overdressed. at
least my nipples and pussy was covered.
    I was gratified when the boys complimented me on my dress.
Some of the girls kind of sneered until I told them Todd had
designed it. Somehow that made it alright. I guess because they
wouldn't have to give me any credit for thinking of it. All the
skirts were so short pussies and butts were flashing all the time
as they moved around.
    When I finally caught up with Todd I asked him why the boys
just didn't have their girls be naked. We were almost nude
anyway.
    " Because it is sexier to have a little bit of clothes. There
is nothing more boring than a nudist camp after the first few
minutes. Girls are only fun naked when something is happening to
them or they don't want to be naked and are being forced to be."
    I told him that Rhonda had told me about the contributions
for entertainment and asked why he hadn't told me.
    " I thought you might just want to watch this time. It may
give you ideas for next time."
    " Gee I would like to do something. A lot of these people
don't seem to like me. They might like me less if I don't help."
    " What would you do?"
    "Well I don't know for sure. I can't dance very well. Rhonda
plans to sell spanks. Maybe I could do that."
    "No that's no good. Each act has to be different. If you
really want to help out why don't you watch the blackboard as the
girls tell what they will do. Maybe that will give you an idea."
    I began to mingle again and spotted the girl who had been
spanked she was more naked than anyone. She was wearing a mini-
dress of crocheted squares about three inches across that let her
nipples push through the holes and showed off her pussy and her
still red butt. I went to her and said, "Wow! I have never seen a
dress like that. Where did you get it?"
    "Jim had me make it. I thought I would be able to wear a slip
under it since he knows how bashful I am but he threw my slip in
the fireplace. Do I look like a terrible slut?"
    "No. You have a beautiful body. You should be proud of it."
    "Thanks. Thats what Jim says but I still feel terribly
embarrassed. I would cover myself with my hands but he said if I
did I would be whipped. I hate pain."
    "Yes but the threat should relieve your guilt. After all you
have no choice."
    She blushed and said, "Yes it does help and I have to admit I
love the compliments I have been getting."
    "You know boys are easily bored. Jim will want more and more
from you. Soon he will have you totally naked and let his friends
fondle you. Have you thought of anything that would be just too
much and you would leave him?"
    "I don't know. My folks are really poor and I love this
lifestyle and also the sex is wonderful. Each new thing is never
as bad as I imagined. I was spanked because I refused to
masturbate in front of him and his friends. It was really stupid.
The spanking hurt terribly and I know if I had done what he
wanted I would probably have just became excited."
    "Yes and he will tell you to do it again someday and you
won't refuse."
    "Oh yes because if I refuse again I will be whipped. That
really frightens me."
    "It shouldn't. I like it a lot more than being spanked.
Spanking seems childish and the sting of a whip becomes very
exciting."
    "Really? I find that hard to believe. I think I will just try
to do what he wants to avoid it."
    Around ten o'clock names and acts started to appear on the
blackboard.

    Joan      Acrobatic dance.
    Buffy     Harem dance
    Jeanne    Wax statue
    Linda     Clothespins one dollar
    Rhonda    Spanks five dollars
    Sherry    Sandwich five dollars 

    I could see now why Todd thought it would be all right if I
didn't volunteer. There were over twenty girls there and only six
were volunteering. When I told Todd this he answered,
    " Yes but this is your first party. Other girls volunteered
last time. Eventually they all do or else they don't get
invited."
    " That makes sense. What is a wax statue, a sandwich and
clothespins?  And why do some things have a price behind them?"
    " A wax statue is simply having the girl lie on her back
while people around her drop wax from burning candles on her body
till her torso is completely covered or they run out of candles.
The fun part is when she is put in an ice bath to harden the wax
and then we peel it off her. Who volunteered for the statue?"
    " Jeanne. She has black hair and three diamond ear-rings in
each ear."
    " Yeah I know her. That isn't the only place she wears
earrings. That will be great! She still has pussy-hair. She won't
when the wax is off. A sandwich is just hanging from the ceiling
as two guys fuck her in the pussy and the ass at the same time.
It doesn't hurt. The interesting part is how many guys she can
take care of before she begs them to leave her alone or passes
out. Clothespins are just having clothespins clamped on your
breasts and pussy. She is selling them for a dollar each which is
cheap so she should get a bunch. That answers your last question
Rhonda will get as many spanks as there are five dollar bills in
her pot. The other girls do their act for whatever is put in the
pot fifty cents, or fifty dollars." My job as master of
ceremonies will be to decide the order of the acts."
    I checked the blackboard about an hour later. No more acts
had been added. So when I brought a drink to Todd I said,
    "Todd. I would really like to be accepted by your friends.
You said I would have to volunteer eventually. I should make a
good impression by volunteering on my first party."
    " Yeah? What would you do?"
    " Well no-one has volunteered for whipping.I think I can make
you proud of me."
    " You don't know what you are getting into. Some of these
people can be pretty rough."
    " You will be picking out the paddle for Rhonda and my whip.
The thonged whip doesn't seem too bad. Rhonda seems real nice.
She said leather was not as bad as wood paddles or canes. Would
you pick out a leather paddle for her?"
    " Well okay. Don't say I didn't warn you. Even the leather
paddle and thong whip will get terrible if you sell too many. I
would put a pretty high price on the lashes so you won't sell too
many." 
    I hurried over to the board and after considering what Todd
had said doubled Rhonda's price. I wrote:
    TERRY -   WHIP LASHES TEN DOLLARS
    There was a girl at the board taking contributions. She told
me she was selling white poker chips for clothes pins, red for
Rhonda's swats and blue for mine. She giggled and said,
    " Don't you think that is clever? Clothespins pinch out the
blood to make your skin white. Rhonda's ass is going to be red
and you are going to be black and blue tomorrow."
    That scared me a little so I just nodded and went back to
Todd.
    " What price did you set?"
    " Ten dollars." I said proudly. " Double what Rhonda was
charging."
    " You are going to be sorry. Ten bucks is nothing to these
people. The boys pay fifty bucks for a haircut."
    I thought he was exaggerating but when I went back later I
saw my pot was nearly full and I could see some fifty dollar
bills in it. I stopped worrying about it as the time went on. My
attention was taken by the fact it seemed someone was being
fucked, sucked, spanked or in bondage every where I looked. I was
becoming incredibly horny but Todd just said he didn't feel like
making a spectacle of himself and was just enjoying watching all
the action.
    To kill time I kept introducing myself to girls. Joan said
she had volunteered for the acrobatic dance because she wasn't
into pain and thought she should volunteer for something her
mother had spent thousands of dollars on training while the boys
would still accept it. Jeanne said that she had picked the wax
statue since she could not put off a bikini wax any longer and
thought that would satisfy her obligation at the same time. Buffy
said she had also had alot of dance traing and she thought the
boys would like it since it involved a little pain. Linda said
she had picked the clothespins because pain came gradually so she
could get excited enough to stand it. Shery said she loved being
fucked and wanted it until she was totally exhausted.
    It seemed only Rhonda and I accepted pain willingly. The
others seemed to be just satisfying an obligation. 
    Suddenly Jim who had spanked his girl appeared at my side to
say "Janie has agreed to join the sorority with a hazing. She
will take three lashes from each of you girls. Don't hit her too
hard. I don't want her to quit until it is over."
     "Jesus. How did you get her to agree to that? She hates
pain."
    He grinned and said, "I told her that the boys had agreed to
only date sorority girls. Before me her big date was going to the
movies with one of her grubby friends."
    He went on to talk to another girl  while I looked around for
Janie. I found her in a group of people. There were tears in her
eyes as she pulled off her dress then put her hands behind her
back to have a soft rope wrapped around her wrists then she was
led to a concrete bench and her ankles were pulled apart to tie
them to the legs of the bench. A girl came up to her with a
thonged whip and I heard Janie sob, "Please give me three
lashes."
    The girl moved to her side and backhanded her butt then
forehanded each thigh to bring on sobs but when the next girl
took the whip she managed to ask again for three lashes. which
she took with gasps at each one. Jim came back and said, "We want
to see the whippers muscles move. Whippers take off your
clothes."
    I noticed a line had formed so I joined it about ten girls
back and took off my dress.
    Seeing naked girls whipping another naked girl really turned
on the guys. As soon as a whipper left she was grabbed by a guy
to be fucked doggy style or told to suck their dicks so the guy
would not miss seeing anything.
    By the time it was my turn Janie had discovered the whip was
not unbearable and said defiantly although crying, "Please give
me three lashes."
    The thirty some lashes she had already received had made her
butt, thighs, and stomach to the top of her slit red. 
    I decided three lashes were ideal to hit her sexy places to
help her convert the pain to excitement.
    I hit the bottom of her butt to let the ends of the thong to
go between her legs to graze her pussy then hit her across both
nipples finishing with one that let the thongs jerk at the lips
of her pussy. Rather than becoming excited she just howled in
pain and she could barely sob, "Give me three lashes." to the
next girl.
    I really felt guilty because I started a precedent. From then
on only her breasts and pussy were hit to bring sobs and so many
tears her breasts got wet.
    As Todd fucked me doggy style it occurred to me that she was
much braver than me. Her sobs and howls while struggling to get
her legs together proved that this was not getting her excited at
all while I knew if I were in her spot I would be in orgasm.
    Finally it was over and Jim went to her to hug her and
yelled, "Janie took sixty-six lashes. Isn't she wonderful."
    That brought cheers and applause while he untied her ankles
then he hugged her while he slipped the bow knot around her
wrists. I heard her sob, "Are you happy about me? I did it for
you."
    He said, "Yes. You were wonderful. I knew you could do it."
    When he loosened his hug she let her sweaty red body slide
down then unzipped his pants and sucked his dick looking up at
his face as if making sure she was doing it right.
    I was jealous of her. She had made as much a martyr of
herself as any saint by accepting the pain that had never brought
pleasure then humiliating herself by humbly sucking his dick."
I said to Todd in awe, "Jesus. She is so courageous. The whipping
only hurt her but she managed to ask for more until the end."
    Yes but you are in for a test of your courage. Up until you
no-one hit her boobs or pussy. You just let everyone know they
could hit you there too."
Thankfully I did not have time to dwell on it as Todd stepped
into the center of our circle of tables to announce the acts. I
sat at the table and played with myself to relieve some of the
tension. Todd announced,
    " Ladies and gentlemen please welcome Sherry and her
sandwich."
    I was curious as to who would be chosen to fuck her with her
arms stretched up to the ceiling. It turned out anyone with a
hard on was eligible. You could see she enjoyed it at first but
as boy after boy came up to replace the one who had just cum she
began to moan and cry. Finally no other boys were interested so
they let her down and carried her to a bedroom to rest. I was
sure Todd loved only me as he had not joined in. 
    "Ladies and gentlemen I am proud to introduce Joan and her
acrobatic dance."
    The music started and Joan was really limber as she did high
kicks, backbends, and splits totally naked. Then she put this
huge dildo in her pussy and then bent backwards till she was
resting on her tits and was hitting the end of the dildo with the
back of her head. Then she put another dildo up her ass did the
splits and then would lift herself up by her arms and drop back
to the floor driving both dildos into her body with each drop. I
thought it was a great act but it only got polite applause.
    I realized it was pretty tame after seeing Janie whipped and
knew only pain would interest them now."
    " Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome Buffy and her Harem dance.
Buffy must have been well liked as she got a good hand as she
walked in wearing a costume consisting of eight little balls at
the end of different length strings on each breast and eight more
at her pussy. I was glad to see her pussy was shaved like mine.
Some Eastern music came on and she swung her breasts and did
bumps so the balls were bouncing against her tits and pussy. I
was not too impressed until she came close and I saw the balls
were tied to little safety pins stuck through her skin on her
breasts and upper pussy skin. When she got directly in front of
our table I saw that there were pins sticking out of the balls
and every time they hit her a drop or two of blood would appear.
One of the balls was right over her clit. I thought that was
terribly exciting as she had probably placed the ball that way
and seemed to really try to have them hit hard against her skin.
By the time the record was over her tits and pussy were covered
with blood. She was still able to wave and smile at the applause
which I thought was very courageous. 
    Now it was time for the wax statue I had been curious about.
Several people jumped up to exchange their chips for candles as
four boys carried in some heavy bar-bell weights and rope.
    Jeanne came in nude to walk around the tables. Todd was
right. She was really hairy. I even noticed some hair on her
nipples and her pussy hair went almost to her belly-button. when
she finished the round she laid on her back on a tarp the boys
had put on the floor while they pulled her arms and legs apart
and tied them to the weights. Her legs were so wide the lips of
her pussy were open. I could hardly wait for her reaction when
that hot wax went between the lips. I didn't have to wait long
since they concentrated on her pussy and breasts till the wax was
deep enough to make it obvious she could not feel the heat from
additional layers. I had assumed they would drop the wax while
standing but they got on their knees and let the wax fall off the
candles just a few inches from her skin. As I had imagined, her
loudest screams came from the drops on her nipples and clitoris
and inner lips. They weren't very interested in her stomach so it
had just a thin layer of wax when the last candle became too
short to hold onto. They didn't waste much wax as they stuck the
stubs of the old candle onto the fresh ones.
    Then they brought out a wet beach towel which they laid over
her body and started to pile on ice. You could tell it felt good
to her to have the heat leave. Before very long she began to
shiver and her teeth began to chatter. They just ignored her for
awhile while the audience was drinking and some of the boys were
getting blow jobs. Todd declined my offer to give him one so I
sat there and dug at my pussy as I wondered what she was feeling.
finally they took off the towel when the ice had melted and they
gathered around her body to start peeling off the wax. I got as
close as I could. I could not see much but it was obvious the
hair was coming off her pussy by her screams. They made the pain
last as long as possible by very slowly pulling off the wax stuck
to the hair.I caught one glimpse and saw the lips of her pussy
stretched about three inches before the hair gave away. When her
screams went to sobs I could actually hear the hair ripping out.
They quit as soon as all the wax was off her tits and pussy. When
they helped her up her stomach was still covered with wax and her
tits and pussy were very red and absolutely bald. Now that the
hair was gone I could see she had four tiny diamond earrings
stuck through the lips of her pussy. I wondered what it would
feel like to have my pussy lips pierced.
    Now it was time for Linda and her clothespins. She was tied
spread out on a table and the pins were put on so close together
on her tits and pussy you could hardly see any skin. I saw what
she meant about the pain increasing with time. As the first ones
were put on she remained silent but as more and more were added
she made little gasps or whimpers. This turned to gasps and moans
as they went to her nipples and pulled them out to crowd three
pins on each nipple. The worst was the last. They used the pins
lined up on her pussy lips to pull her pussy wide open to put
more pins on her inner lips then caused a scream when a girl
pulled out her clit and put one on it. They didn't put any on her
stomach and thighs till there was absolutely no room left.
    Then everybody went back to their drinks to watch her suffer.
Evidentally it became more painful with time as in a little while
she was begging between sobs to remove them. Her boyfriend
finally stood up and said,
    " My God. Can't you see she has had enough. Take them off."
    At that they reluctantly got up and began to remove them.
They acted a little mad that their fun was ruined so they weren't
gentle removing them. In stead of squeezing the jaws open first
they just pulled them off. Poor Linda was almost hysterical when
they untied her.
    " Okay gang. It is swat Rhonda time."
    They brought out a saw horse and tied her wrists and ankles
to the legs which left her severely bent over and spread wide so
her pussy was peeping out between her legs.
    Todd had picked out a leather paddle a little bigger than a
ping-pong paddle. This was much better than the long wooden
paddles or canes that were available.
    At first I was happy for her as I could tell she was getting
off on it as the first few boys gave her relatively easy swats.
Just as her butt was getting really red one of the girls that had
been snotty to me stepped up. She held onto the paddle with both
hands and brought it around so hard Rhonda and the sawhorse would
have tipped over if one of the boys hadn't grabbed her. Thank god
she only bought five swats as the other four were just as hard
and big welts began to form on her butt. The next two boys must
have felt sorry for her as their fifteen swats weren't as hard
and Rhonda's screams turned to sobs. Finally there was only this
tall blonde girl waiting who I had watched playing tennis. She
handed over her ten chips. Instead of standing beside Rhonda she
stood behind which I thought was strange till I saw her swing the
paddle up to scrape along Rhonda's thighs and hit right on her
pussy. Rhonda did her best to straighten up as she screamed but
to my amazement as it went on I saw that her pussy became so wet
the paddle became stained with her juices and although still
screaming she had pulled her knees apart to alow the paddle to
hit directly on it. Her poor pussy was red and swollen at the
end. She couldn't walk and had to be carried off. 
    I asked Todd why the girls were so mean. He said,
    " Girls are always meaner than guys. You should know that.
Usually they aren't that mean since it will be their turn
eventually."
    " Yeah sure. They will just do some dumb dance where they
can't get hurt."
    " No. You can't do the same thing twice. The tall blonde
participated at the last party so it will be awhile before it is
her turn again. She probably thinks we will forget how mean she
was."
    Then I heard Todd say,
    Ladies and gentlemen I am proud to introduce my date Terry
for her whip lashes. Lets give her a break. It's her first time."
    I was grateful he was asking for mercy then I heard loud
applause as I walked out in a daze. I could not get Rhonda's
ordeal off my mind and was considering backing out. Then Todd
reminded me to take off my dress and told me to be proud. I
decided I would show him how proud I could be and smiled at the
audience as I stood at attention with my boobs out and my stomach
sucked in till the applause died down.
    I heard a commotion behind me and turned to see them dragging
out a big "X" shaped frame with cuffs at the ends. When they
backed me up to it I realized all the lashes would be hitting my
front and I began to get afraid again. When I looked to my left a
saw a line being formed with guys with their hands full of blue
chips.
    As I stood there trembling with fear and excitement the first
boy dropped chips in the bucket in front of me slowly to let me
count to ten.
    He put all ten across my lower stomach and the front of my
thighs. I found even with my legs spread my thighs protected my
tender pussy. There was just a loud slap followed by stings and
tingling. I knew I could take it and began to build excitement.
    The next boy liked to watch my boobies bounce so he put five
across them which made them compress and pop back out and the
next five with an upward swing to make them fly up and bounce.I
was watching my tits being hit and turning red as they stung and
burned. This was much worse but it still seemed to increase the
excitement.
    The next boy alternated back and forth from across my tits
concentrating on the nipples and downward lashes that covered my
pussy. These were harder but by then I was so close to orgasm I
was pushing out my tits for their lash or my pussy for its turn.
    The next guy said " Fifteen, baby." and stood in front of me
and swung upward first to my left tit then my right and then full
on my pussy. These were even harder and my tits would almost hit
my chin with the force of the leather on their bottoms. I could
feel my tits swelling and pulsing in pain as I reached my first
orgasm.
    I had my eyes closed while my body pulsated. I realized Todd
was right no-one was any loger interested in hitting anything but
my tits and pussy. When I realized there was a delay I opened my
eyes to see the girl that had been mean to Rhonda standing in
front of me with a sneer on her lips. I shrunk back into the
frame in fear. I had good reason as she forehanded and backhanded
the sides of my tits as hard as she could. I forgot about bravery
as I screamed at each lash. that felt as if my boobs were being
ripped off while on fire. She took her time and the ten lashes
seemed to take forever. When she stepped back I let my head fall
on my chest and saw that the outside of my tits were maroon in
color and were throbbing with pain. When I looked up I saw the
tall blonde girl. I cringed as she said,
    " I spent a hundred bucks on you bitch. Guess where they are
going? I am the best softball pitcher in town."
    I was shaking my head and moaning " No, please no," as she
brought the whip up over her head and around to literally bury
the center thongs in my pussy. My clit seemed to explode. Each
lash seemed worse than the one before until I was hysterical.I
must have passed out before she finished as I don't remember her
stepping back.
    The next thing I felt was Todd and a girl patting wet towels
against my face and body. It was just the right treatment as the
heat began to lessen as well as the pain. I could hear the people
applauding as they commented on the fact that I was awake and how
tough I was. Finally I was fully alert and realized Todd and the
girl were just wetting their hands to caress my breasts and
pussy. It felt wonderful and I was starting to become excited
again so I asked Todd to let me loose so we could make love.
    " Not just yet baby. You still have twenty to go."
    " Oh please. I am so sore." I looked down and saw that all
the lashes had gone to my pussy area and breasts. My stomach and
legs were still untouched."
    " Come on. You are almost there. If you wimp out now we will
both look chickenshit and foolish. The guys left aren't very
mean."   
    " Todd if it were you doing it I could take thirty. I love
you. I don't even like these people anymore. They don't even try
to get me excited they just want to hurt me."
    I began to regret my words as Todd turned to the crowd.
    " Gang. She says she will take thirty more if we let her take
a break, and I do it."
    There was some grumbling in the group that Todd would go easy
on me. Others said that was bullshit. and that Todd had never
taken it easy. They became convinced when Todd added,
    " She will take them untied, and in whatever position you
want her to assume to make the area I want to hit available."
    I heard " Yeah. Right on," and " Go for it!" with some of the
girls saying I'll believe she is that brave when I see it."
    The girls comments decided me to be brave enough for
anything.
    They untied me and Todd got me a strong drink I sipped on as
he led me around to let the guys and girls look and feel the
welts and heat coming off my whipped skin. After a few drinks,
the almost constant caresses, and the compliments from everyone
about my bravery I began to look forward to my ordeal.
 Todd had found some pieces of paper and pens and told them to
write down the position they wanted for lashes to the butt,
pussy, and tits. By the time he had them drop their suggestions
in one of the contribution pots I had drank three strong drinks
and had become so giddy from the  booze, compliments and caresses
that I hardly noticed the remaining pain.
    It didn't even bother me when Todd said,
    " To give you guys a better shot at seeing your position I
have decided to go to thirty-two lashes. That will mean eight
positions with four lashes each"
    They loved this and whistled and applauded as I gulped down
the rest of the drink.
    Todd reached into the pot and fished out a piece of paper he
read aloud.
    " Have her bend over and grab her ankles for butt lashes.
This doesn't show much imagination but we will go for it."
    I was grateful as this was untouched territory and leaned
over and held my ankles with my head between my legs. The first
swat made me fall forward so Todd had one of the guys hold me in
position by my waist. on the third and fourth lash I discovered
this position allowed my pussy to peek out between my legs and be
hit as he went lower on my ass.I felt proud I could stand the
pain on my sore pussy lips and was happy to hear the applause as
I stood up happy that Todd had set it up so I would only have to
take four and then get a break.
    " Have her kneel with her hands behind her back while you
stand behind her and hit one tit at a time."
    This position gave me a chance to show my bravery. I sucked
in my tummy as far as it would go and pushed out my breasts
looking defiantly at all the excited faces. When I was in
position he swung the whip over my right shoulder so the ends of
the whip hit at the bottom of my breast and burned and lifted it
at the same time. When he did the same to my right the "Slap!"
was louder and there was a stronger sting and burn I
involuntarily cringed forward to protect them as Todd said,
    " Lean back and stick your tits out."
    When I raised my head I saw the whole crowd had moved
directly in front of us with the ones in front close enough to
touch me. I looked at them defiantly and stuck out my tits which
brought out the admiring comments to make it worthwhile.
    I managed to just let out little moans when he bounced them
for the last two. I found that the excitement and pride brought
out by the admiration of the crowd cancelled out the pain in
spite of the tenderness of my body from the first part.
    " Have her do the splits then lean forward for lashes to her
ass as you straddle her."
    Thank God I am limber. I turned my back to them and did the
splits then leaned forward till my breasts were mashed to the
floor. From the comments behind me the position must have given
them a great view. One girl said, "God! You can see clear inside
her!"
    Todd whipped the left cheek and then the right cheek then
stopped! I moaned, " No. Don't stop." He gave me two hard ones
down the center of my ass to first my asshole and then to my
gaping pussy. That brought on a massive orgasm. I kept the burn
going to continue the excitement by rubbing my throbbing pussy
against the rug while he read the next selection.
    " Have two guys lift her upside down by her legs and spread
them for pussy lashes"
    I was so close to cumming again I actually looked forward to
this. It was wild! Two boys that were still naked held me up by
my thighs while I held their legs. 
     That first lash hurt terribly while it thrilled me as much
and I went into orgasms only to be increased by the next three he
spaced out so I could get maximum effect.
    I more or less collapsed from my exertions to continue the
orgasms so they decided to give me a break to calm down and have
another drink
    As I was drinking my drink boys and girls kept coming over to
feel the welts on my pussy and breasts while they complimented me
on my bravery. My breasts had swollen until they were super firm
and bigger than they had ever been. My pussy was so red and
swollen it was super sensitive and the caresses caused pleasant
tingles. The excitement generated by the caresses and the boost
to my ego from the compliments made me eager to continue. Todd
called me over to him as he read,
    " Have her do a back-bend and give her four on her stretched
belly."
    I really did not think those would hurt as bad as they did.
My stomach was so tight my body could not absorb the lashes as
well. Thank God Todd hit me below my navel so the pain could
radiate to my pussy."
    " Have her stand with her legs apart while she gets four to
the inside of her thighs."
    They had me spread my legs wider and wider until he could hit
my inner thighs so close to my pussy the top thong would rip open
a cunt-lip. This too, hurt badly as I found how sensitive my
inner thighs were. It hurt so much I could not resist closing my
legs to rub my thighs together in an effort to comfort them. It
was all I could do to open them again. At least the people
realized the effort it took and applauded as they watched my legs
open wider and wider until Todd was satisfied and gave me another
lash.
    I managed to get a break as Todd pulled out slip after slip
of paper only to announce we had already done what was asked.
Finally there were only two slips left. He read both of them
evidently to see if he would have to request additional
positions. He announced, 
" We have two here that are different from the others but almost
the same. Maybe we should combine them.
    That idea appealed to me because my thighs were still burning
and I realized that only getting four lashes with a delay just
caused pain because it did not last long enough to let me convert
the pain to enough excitement to cum. By getting eight lashes I
may be able to get over.
    One says, have two guys hold her ankles wide apart and across
from her shoulders on the table while she asks for each paddle on
her ass with the leather ping-pong paddle. The other is the same
position only asking for pussy lashes with the four inch leather
paddle. Terry I know we agreed to the thonged whip only. What do
you think? Are you brave enough for this?"
    I was not about to admit to a lack of bravery and I
remembered that Rhonda had never really suffered from the paddle
until she had taken several swats. I was not sure about the four
inch paddle as I hadn't seen it so I asked Todd to get it. The
leather paddle was only about eight inches long but was attached
to a handle that was about a foot long. I held it against my
pussy and saw that it covered it perfectly. When I heard someone
say, "Try it out." I brought it up to my head and hit down so it
went between my legs. It hurt enough to take my breath away.
Again the pain didn't last long and I knew that by being able to
control the cadence finishing with lashes to my pussy I would be
able to cum. That is why I asked,
    " May I have the big paddle to my butt first then finish with
the little one on my pussy?"
    My answer was applause and " Right on!"
    When two of the bigger boys pulled my legs back and to the
sides I found all my weight was on my upper back and shoulders
with my ass clear off the table. My pussy was gaping open to the
point I could feel the breeze cooling the inner lips as my juices
evaporated. When everyone was satisfied that my legs were back
far enough and spread wide enough Todd said,
    " You can take them as slow as you want. When you are ready
say 'Please hit me with the leather paddle.' Do you understand?
Say it just that way."
    By this time I was excited and anxious to get on with it and
said loudly,
    " Please hit me with the leather paddle."
    I didn't give Rhonda enough credit. I could never have taken
as many of these as she did. First I heard a resounding "Whap!"
then a terrible sting followed by heat. Fortunately the heat went
to my pussy and as soon as I got my breath,
    " Please hit me with the leather paddle."
    The second was even worse! I thought my ass was on fire.
Finally the excitement took over and I said,
    " Hit me with the paddle."
    Again the fire and I began to pant as Todd said,
    " That one didn't count. You forgot to say please and
leather."
    I thought it was unfair he hadn't warned me about mistakes
and made sure I had it right as I said slowly,
    " Please.. hit..me..with..the..leather..paddle"
    This time he hit very close to my pussy so the excitement
came faster so I also said fast,
    "Please hit me with the leather paddle!"
    That burned terribly. I laid there shaking with my eyes
closed until Todd reminded me I was not through by lightly
slapping my nipples with the four inch paddle and saying,
    " Whenever you are ready. you will say, 'Please kiss my pussy
with the strap.'"
    " I am ready. Please kiss my pussy with the strap."
    Oh God. This set my pussy on fire just as the other paddle
had burned my ass. I struggled to get my legs together but the
boys were too strong. I hoped it would get better as I said,
    " Ooh..God. Please Kiss my pussy with the strap."
    It didn't get better. It was worse and it was a good thing
the guys holding my legs were strong as I did my best to clamp
them together. Incredibly as I lay there trembling and panting
with sweat running off my body and pussy juice running over my
ass-hole I realized that I was at that terrible place just before
orgasm and I could not take the chance that only two more would
allow the release of orgasm. I was entering into a whole new
world of excitement as I moaned,
    " Please hit me."
    That one really put me right on the edge and when Todd said
that one didn't count I screamed,
    " I don't care! Hit me!"
    I didn't even try to count them as I repeated " Hit me"
faster and faster until the pain and mind snapping orgasms made
me lose consciousness. Rhonda told me later that I had asked for
thirteen before passing out. The guys and girls thought I was
awesome.
    I woke up in the bedroom with Todd and Rhonda gently applying
salve to my glowing red body.
    " Did I do alright Todd? I tried to be brave. Are you proud
of me?"
    " You were fantastic! Everyone was impressed by your bravery.
Rhonda. Lick her swollen pussy. It will take her mind off the
pain. Actually the salve was already working and I did not want
to look like a lesbian. Just as I was about to protest, her soft
wet tongue started caressing my clitoris. It just felt too good
to complain. The weird thing was that although she did it a long
time I could not quite cum. She must have known what I needed as
she began pinching my nipples with her fingers. In a few hard
pinches and pulls I was squirming around on the bed and with a
few more I began to cum.   
    Then Rhonda was straddling my face and it only seemed fair to
lick her. Just as my tongue was licking her clit I felt Todd's
dick entering my pussy. In a short time we exhausted ourselves
with climaxes. 
    After Rhonda left and I was marvelling at all the sensations
I had received that night that were still causing little after
shocks I became aware of Todd's voice.
    " Well how did you like eating pussy?"
    " I don't know. I have had nightmares about being forced to
do it. In my dreams it was awful and I always woke up before I
had to do it. Now I know it really is not disgusting. I even felt
a sense of power by getting her off and having you fuck me at the
same time got me off. I have mixed feelings especially since I
thought you would never want to share me with someone else."
    " I never said I wouldn't share you. If the idea appeals to
me as it did tonight I may do it again. I own you. 
If I want to loan you to someone I will do it just as I would
loan my car. Does that bother you?"
    " Yes. I thought being jealous was part of love. I don't want
to share you."
    " You won't have to as long as you make me happy. Obeying me
no matter what, makes me happy."
    " Oh Todd. I'll make you happy with me. I promise I will do
anything you want!"
    " Yeah? Well Since you volunteer so much for pain I am
beginning to wonder if you are doing it for me or yourself."
    It dawned on me that he was right. My most painful
experiences had been brought on by myself, not at his direction.
I was ashamed to be so perverted so naturally I lied.
    " Oh no! They really hurt me terribly. I only became excited
when you were causing the pain. I just volunteered to prove I
would suffer for you. I won't volunteer for anything again."
    " Good. If I want you to be hurt I will order it. You will
obey whether you like it or not and you won't have the
opportunity to set the parameters of your pain."
    " Yes I will do as you say. I love you, Todd"
    At the next party I was frustrated as It seemed all the other
girls were getting fucked, sucked, spanked or whipped while Todd
and I were sitting quietly drinking. To add to my frustration I
had brought all the money I had saved all year in case the blonde
who had hurt Rhonda and I so badly happened to sell lashes. She
did not volunteer for anything and was getting a lot of attention
as she ran around naked to show off the gold rings hanging from
her pierced nipples and cunt-lips. She was bragging about her boy
friend piercing her with a darning needle for the rings and that
she had not made a sound to complain as people tugged at the
rings and played with her pussy. 
    I was jealous of her and said to Todd, "This is getting kind
of boring. Wouldn't you like to show me off? You could show them
you are my absolute master."
 His reaction surprised me. He said, "That is bullshit. I know
what you are thinking. You are just jealous because Marcie is
getting a lot of attention while you are ignored since you are
wearing clothes. You think you won't be hurt because I promised
you wouldn't be whipped until your bruises went away."
    He was so right it seemed he could read my mind. I whimpered,
"My bruises didn't show up until after the party. I just wanted
to show them how I had suffered for you."
    "Alright. You can get naked but you will pay a price."
    I quickly slid off my dress to show my bruises that made me
look as if I was wearing a black and blue bikini. They had
concentrated on my breasts and pussy so much my skin except for
them was back to it's normal white. I was sure they would be
impressed by the proof of my suffering."
Todd must have noticed the looks of hate I was giving her. He
decided to test me in a way that completely degraded and
humiliated me.
    He waved at the blonde while yelling,
    "Marcie. Come over here I want to talk to you."
    " Yes Todd. What can I do for you? Are you getting bored with
your teenybopper."
    " Don't be mean. To show there is no hard feelings for the
pussy paddling that made her pussy one big bruise Terry is going
to eat your pussy in front of every-one."
    " Oh no.. Todd please. She is a megabitch. I hate her."
    " I don't give a shit about whether or not you like her. Are
you going to do it or not!"
    "Yes. If you really want me to do it."
    Marcie sneered and said,
    " I am hard to get off. She will have to do anything I want
her to do including tongueing my asshole."
    That sounded gross and I shuddered when Todd agreed.
    It turned out to be an ordeal worse than I imagined. Marcie
gathered a crowd and then insisted my hands be tied behind me so
I could not play with myself or try to rush Marcie's orgasm by
using my hands as well as my tongue and lips.
    She may have been rich but she was not all that clean. Her
pussy stank of rancid cum and when she told me to run my tongue
around her asshole I could taste her shit. She made it last for a
long time. My jaws and tongue were aching as she delayed her
orgasm by ordering me to kiss her navel or suck her toes every
time I got her close. Suddenly she grabbed my hair and pulled my
face up to look in my eyes.
    " You aren't a bad cunt licker. I think if I was spanking
your ass I could get off. Is that alright?"
    That sounded good to me as it would take my mind off what I
was doing and make it seem more like I was forced to do it.
    " Todd told me to do anything you asked. If Todd agrees I
agree."  
    Todd evidentally agreed as he said, "I'll get you something."
    To my horror he came back to hand her a riding crop! I had
never been hit with one but was sure it would be as bad or worse
than the willow switch with it's skinny fibreglas wand with a
leather thong at the end.
 She ran it through her fingers as I frantically drank a beer to
relieve my dry mouth.
    She added to my fright by saying," This is perfect. I will
make nice purple stripes to match her tits and pussy."
    I was really grateful to Todd when he said, "Just use it on
her ass and thighs. I promised her her tits and pussy wouldn't be
whipped until the bruises went away."
    "Oh that is too bad. This would make her pussy squirm like
crazy."
    "Yeah but don't do it. If you do We will let Terry use it on
your tits and pussy. Is that alright with you, Bob?"
    Bob was Marcie's boyfriend. He just nodded his head
enthusiastically.
    That really relieved me because my ass was the least tender
part of my body. I looked at Todd adoringly and said, "Oh thank
you, Todd." ignoring the fact he had brought the terrible quirt
rather than the thong whip which would have brought pleasure.
 She sat on the edge of a chair and I knelt between her legs
where she pulled my head into her pussy by my hair. I began to
lick and she did not hit me right away preferring to frighten me
first by rubbing the skinny shaft on my butt and saying, "You had
better get me off fast or this will cut your butt into ribbons.
    I felt this terrible pain to my ass cheek as she brought it
down as hard as she could to make me lunge into her pussy and
scream.I began licking and sucking furiously as the quirt came
down faster and faster causing me to lunge and scream at each
one. Thankfully my butt became a little numb but before I could
transform that terrible pain to excitement she brought the quirt
down between my asscheeks to let the thong at the end hit my
pussy to sink into my slit. It hurt indescribably and I screamed
and lunged but without my hands I couldn't get away with her
tight grip on my hair. I desparately went back to licking and
sucking in spite of the pain as it kept coming down until she
finally screamed, "I'm cumming and let go of my hair to let me
scramble away sobbing in pain.
  Todd untied my hands and I brought them down to caress my poor
pussy sobbing my heart out.
    Todd seemed surprised saying, " Was it all that bad, Terry?"
    " It was terrible. The bitch hit my clitoris. I was afraid
she would tear it off. It will hurt for hours."
    "I'll get the salve and when you feel better you can have
your revenge."
    They had me get on my hands and knees and while Todd gently
rubbed salve into my slit two girls began caressing salve over
the welts on my ass. I noticed Marcie was just lying back in her
chair drinking beer with no effort to make me feel better  which
made me hate her more than ever.
    The miracle salve began to work and the pain lessened to let
me enjoy the caresses to my slit, clitoris, and butt until my
moans of pain turned to moans of pleasure to the point where I
managed an orgasm that relaxed me enough to slip to the floor and
go to sleep.
    I was awakened later by gentle kisses from Todd who asked,
"Do you feel better and do you still hate Marcie?"
    "I am better. I just feel a throbbing sensation that isn't
bad and yes I hate Marcie. She didn't need to hit so hard. I was
doing what she wanted. She hit my clitoris! It hurt awfully. Why
did you give her a quirt? I could have taken the pain of the
thong whip?"
    " I wanted to test your limits. We seem pretty close to it.
You didn't come did you?"
    " No. I wish I could have! It would have let me ignore the
pain. I can feel my ass swelling."
    " Alright. It is your turn. We have her ready for you."
    I looked over to where he was pointing. They had tied
Marcie's wrists to her ankles then put another rope where they
came together to pull her up about five feet from the floor then
tied other ropes to her knees and to the walls to spread her legs
so wide you could see the pink parts of her pussy. She was doing
a backbend and the strain must have been bad because she was
already crying. I went over to her and noticed the way her
breasts hung down. I teased her by gripping her nipples to pull
them apart and said, "These are really going to be jumping from
the lash." She just whimpered then I went behind her and pushed
my finger into her pussy and said, "Your clit is going to be so
swollen it will look like you have grown a dick."
    That really scared her and she blubbered, "I didn't mean to
hurt you so bad. You got me too excited to aim. Please don't hurt
me bad."
    I turned to Todd and said, "How many times can I hit her?"
    Before he could answer I heard a girl say, "I counted. She
hit terry thirty times." I looked toward the voice and saw it was
Janie. She had obviously lost her modesty. She was standing
between her boyfriend and another boy with her hands at her sides
and her legs open as they fondled her breasts and pussy.
    Todd said, "That seems fair." and others agreed.
    I asked for a quirt and Marcie howled, "Oh no! That is too
much!" Her boyfriend showed no mercy saying, "Shut up! You
deserve this and you know it!"
    The quirt they handed me didn't have a thong. It just ended
with a rounded tip. I decided I would make this last and hit the
bottom of her left breast to make the shaft dig in deeply and
causeher boob to jump violently. She screamed but I ignored it
and hit the top part to again bury the shaft and leave an angry
stripe. I hit again from the back and then front and on the fifth
I aimed carefully to just hit her nipple. She screamed in anguish
as I moved to the other side to do the same to her right breast
then looked at the angry welts I knew would turn purple as she
sobbed piteously. then I moved between her legs and hit each
pussy lip then let the last three go into her slit to let the tip
hit right on her clit. She seemed to go into convulsions as she
screamed and shook her head. Suddenly I felt sorry for her. For
the rest I hit easier and was glad to see her pussy had become
wet to accept the last five which I was sure brought her to
orgasm.
    They let her down to the floor and untied her. to my surprise
she came over to me on her knees and looked up at me through
teary eyes to say, "Thank you for not being too mean." and began
licking my pussy. I was already excited not so much from hurting
her as imagining each lash hitting me and was soon in orgasm.
    I dropped to my knees to hug her and said, "Let's never hurt
each other bad again."
    She said, "I won't. Only enough to make you cum like I did."
    Someone brought us drinks so we got up and drank them.
    Later I walked around to enjoy the compliments on my bravery
and the show I had given them in whipping Marcie. I saw Janie and
felt guilty so I went over to her and said, "I am sorry I started
them hitting your boobies and pussy. I was hoping that might
excite you."
    "It's alright. It stopped hurting right away and all the
compliments on my courage have made me proud and now that my
boobs and pussy have been whipped it seems silly to be bashful
about showing them. No-one hit real hard. See. I have only a few
tiny bruises."
    She was right si I just complimented her again on her
beautiful body and moved on. soon couple were making love again
and it turned into a real orgy. Once I had a dick in my pussy, my
ass and my mouth all at the same time.
    A few days later he said he had a present for me and gave me
a jewelry box with two large gold rings with diamonds set in
them, six smaller rings with rubies and some gold chain with a
tiny gold padlock. I thought they were ear-rings until he said,
    "Now you can make Marcie jealous. She only has two rings with
no diamonds. You won't be able to wear them in school, but you
can wear them on our dates. Especially to parties."
    I knew then they were not ear-rings. I also knew they would
need a pretty large hole to hold them. We were on our way to his
house. I had mixed feelings. I knew it would hurt to be pierced
for them but at the same time I was looking forward to showing
them off to Marcie.
    When we got to his house he had me take off my clothes and
said,
    " These have to be put in just right so I don't want you
moving around. Lay on your back on the dining room table while I
get some rope."
    He tied my arms and legs to the legs of the table then
wrapped rope around my stomach and the table until I could not
move at all.
    " I probably should have invited the guys over so you could
show how brave you are but I am in too anxious to see them on
you."
    I was wishing he had invited them too because the excitement
of having an audience and the concentration I would need to show
my bravery may have made it easier.
    I thought he would put ice on my nipples to numb them like we
did to pierce my ears but when I suggested it  he said,
    " That won't be necessary. You can take the pain."
    It really hurt! He just took my nipple in his finger and
thumb and stretched it out then slowly pushed a darning needle
through the base. I managed not to scream but tears were in my
eyes when he said,
    " That's one. Ask me to put in another one."
    When I had caught my breath I whimpered,
    "Please put in another one."
    When that was done he pulled out the lips of my pussy and
slowly made three holes in each lip for the rings. This was
almost pleasant compared to the pain to my nipples and I was
excited to the point of panting by the time the last one was in
very relieved the ordeal was over. It wasn't!
    he said that was the starting holes and took a nail out of
his pocket and forced it in the holes to stretch them open more.
I swear I could feel the skin rip. Thankfully he would put in a
ring with each hole so I could see an end in sight. I closed my
eyes to fantasize about a crowd watching my ordeal. By the time
the last one went in I had reached orgasm.
    He untied me and led me over to the mirror so I could see
them. I was surprised to see there was hardly any bleeding. They
were beautiful and seemed to be badges of my courage. I told him
they were beautiful and begged him not to tell anyone I had to be
tied to put them in. He agreed understanding that Marcie had
bragged that she was not tied."
 I was looking forward to showing them off as he showed me the
little catch and hinge that would let me remove them for school
so the girls in the shower would not know about them.
    " These also have some practical applications."
    He then threaded the gold chain through my nipple rings to
show me how he could use them to lead me around. There was no
question I would follow when my nipples and pussy lips stretched
under the pull. He also ran it around my neck to pull up my
breasts by the nipples. I knew this would keep me constantly
aware of my nipples and planned to use this in place of a bra.
    " Since you are so horny and have a tendency to get carried
away this will discourage you from fucking anyone without my
permission."
    He threaded the chain through my cunt rings as you would a
shoe lace and added the padlock. The lips would separate enough
for me to pee through them but there would be no way a prick or a
tongue could get inside.
    " I bought the smallest padlock I could find and had it gold-
plated. It is still a little heavy."
    I came to appreciate the weight. The lock dangling against my
pussy-lips made me acutely aware of my pussy at every movement.
He took me dancing later and the feel of the chains and lock
pulling on the rings got me so horny I had to beg him to take me
home and fuck me.
    He loved the rings. He was constantly pulling on the nipple
rings with his teeth or fingers and said he could feel the pussy
rings next to his dick.
    After we made love he said,
    " I would like to try a little experiment.I made something
new."
    " Will it hurt?"  
    " A little. Does it make a difference?"
    " No. You know you can do anything you want with me. I was
just curious."
    " Okay. Back up against that wall.Stay there till I get
back."
    I stood as straight as I could at the wall as I idly played
with my rings while waiting for him. When he returned he was
carrying a pipe with cuffs at each end and a roll of string. He
attached the cuffs to my ankles which spread my legs very wide
and then ran string from my pussy rings around my butt to pull
the lips wide open then he tied my hands behind my back. To
finish he tied strings from my nipple rings to my wrist cuffs to
keep my wrists pulled up on my back.
    This whole operation was getting me very excited and I could
feel a cool breeze evaporating the pussy juice from my wide-open
cunt. It became even wetter when he said,
    "I made this little whip just for your pussy and clitoris. I
just glued leather shoe-strings to a broom-stick. It doesn't hurt
much at all on skin but I think you will find it interesting on
your pussy."
    He was right. It felt almost pleasant as he centered the
strings between my lips and gave it a litlle slap. It didn't last
as there was a catch. As he went on the lashes got harder. As the
juice from my pussy wet the strings they became more and more
painful. When the pain increased I would move my arms which would
jerk on my nipple rings.The hornier I got the more it hurt which
just made me hornier. By the time I finally began to cum the whip
was making a loud splat at every swing and I was jerking my tits
almost up to my chin by the nipple rings. 
    He just cut the strings to my nipples and laid me on my back
to fuck me. My pussy had swollen to make it fit tightly around
his dick to increase the sensations.My hands were still tied as
well as my pussy rings. Every hard thrust would flatten my ass to
pull the pussy rings tighter. A few times it felt as though the
rings would be torn from the lips. I didn't even care!  My
orgasms were so strong nothing else mattered.
    Everyday after school he would put in my rings and chain.
Sometime he would pull up my nipples with a string around my
neck. The constant awareness of my pussy and nipples kept me in a
constant state of excitement. 
    One day my dad had me pick up something from the hardware
store where I saw some large fish-weights. I bought eight of them
which I would tie to the rings. I would then put on a loose
blouse or sweater and a wide skirt so I could increase the
sensation as I walked around. I got a kick out of thinking how
shocked the people I talked to would be if they could have seen
me naked with my nipples and pussy-lips stretched by the weights.
    I even tried jogging but that was too much. I didn't want to
be seen lying by the side of the road panting and cumming.
    I eventually showed Todd the weights. This was a mistake
because it made him curious as to just how much pressure could be
applied to them.
    His first experiment was to snap ropes on to my nipple rings,
throw the ropes over a ceiling beam and pull them up till I was
standing on my tip-toes with my nipples next to my mouth and
screaming from the pain and fear my nipples would be ripped off.
He yelled at me to stop screaming. When my screams turned to sobs
he told me he would let me down as soon as I put my heels back on
the floor. I just couldn't do it. My originally round tits were
shaped like cones and when I let my heels down just a little I
swore I could feel the rings tearing through my skin. Eventually
the cramping of my legs and exhaustion forced my heels to the
floor. He grinned at me as I stood there flat-footed too hoarse
and exhausted to scream any more and said,
    " I knew you could do it. I'll mark the ropes. You can try
for a new record next time."
    I never wanted a next time and became very inventive offering
to try other forms of pain rather than go through that again. It
was not the pain so much but the fear of irreparable damage that
made me offer to undergo almost anything else. As long as I came
up with something that intrigued him he would forego other
experiments of hanging by my tits. I saw a child's wagon in his
garage and said I would pull him in it with my pussy rings. He
"improved" on my idea by attaching lines to my nipple rings to
steer me with by tugging on the right or left tit to signal he
wanted to turn all the while whipping my ass with a long willow
switch These sessions never lasted too long before he got so
horny he would pull back hard on both tits at once till my
nipples were close to my armpit to stop me so we could fuck or I
could suck him off. When he got bored with this he became
interested again in piercing my skin. He started out just putting
pins and needles in my tits and pussy which I had to wear while
we were at a restaurant or movie under a bulky knit sweater that
would snag on them to create new pain every time I moved.
Eventually he bought a bunch of costume jewelry pins he would
stick into the skin of my tits or pussy.Then when I was not
protesting enough he thankfully became bored with them.
 Then one day when his folks were gone I said I would make his
lunch and went out to his rose garden and cut some roses for the
table. While he was watching me arrange them I accidentally stuck
a thorn in my thumb. I yelped and sucked on it.
    He jumped up and said he had a great idea. He was gone for
some time and when he returned he was holding three rose branches
taped together at their bases to make a handle.
    I looked at them fearfully as he said, "Sorry it took so
long. It was hard to find three long enough and straight enough."
    I said tremously, "Oh God. You wouldn't whip me with those.
They will make me bleed!"
    "Sure. You get off on being punctured or whipped. This will
get you both and the branches are so light you won't be bruised."
    Lunch was forgotten as he cleared the table while I undressed
begging him not to hit too hard.
    He said, "Come on! I know this will get you off. If you don't
stop bitching. I'll keep hitting you after you can't cum
anymore."
    I sobbed sorry I had told him the pain became unbearable when
I couldn't cum anymore.
    At his direction I climbed up on the dining room table and
spread my arms and legs so he could tie them to the table legs.
At the last moment he jammed a pillow under my butt. I sobbed
again knowing that tilted my pelvis to make my pussy available
and that it would be included in the whipping.
    He stepped back and brought the thorns down just below my
belly-button. To my surprise The pain was not too bad. He
inspected my tummy then said, "Great! It just leaves tiny pin-
holes.You don't have to worry about scars."
    I knew he had said that because I had objected to his desire
to whip me with a steel cable because it would leave scars I
could never explain to the girls at school or my Mom if she saw
them.
    He began whipping up and down my stomach gradually working
towards my breasts and pussy until I was so excited I looked
forward to the first lash that made my boobs tremble. I strained
to look at them and saw several drops of blood but by then I was
so excited the sight just made me want more.
    He hit my tits several times to make sure the thorns hit my
nipples and then started hitting diagonally across my pussy lips.
By then I was in orgasm and when he finished with one straight
down that caused the center branch to go inside my pussy and bury
a thorn in my clit I had an orgasm so strong I passed out.
    When I came to I was still on the table and he was wiping my
body with a wet towel that was causing sharp stings and burning.
    I moaned. "I am burning! Is my body ruined?"
    "No. You will be fine. You are burning because I am using
salt water so you won't be infected.Go look in the mirror."
    I was amazed. The last time I had looked down my body had
been covered in blood but now it just looked like a bad rash with
hundreds of little red pimples. All the bleeding had stopped.
    At school I told the girls Todd and I had made love in the
woods and I must have laid on a weed I was allergic to.
    They just giggled when one of the girls said, "He must have
butt-fucked you. All the rash is on your front."
    There was only one more session with the thorns as an
exhibition at a party. He lost interest after even the guests
recognized it only provided me with fantastic excitement. Their
big fun came when they put styptic powder on the punctures that
made me cry from the feeling of red hot nails touching me.
    He still liked the idea of a combination of punctures and
stripes and made a whip out of three lengths of barbed wire.
    I knew that would be terrible and resisted so he waited until
two of his friends were there to help him tie me to a tree.
    That pain was so terrible there was no way I could get an
orgasm. The heavy wire would bury itself in my skin to cause a
deep pain and black bruises. Worst of all the barbs would dig
into my rib bones to cause excruciating pain. 
    Thank God this made me bleed enough to scare him and his
friends and he promised never to do it again as they put salve on
me and licked my pussy to provide a reward. Even with salve some
of the cuts got infected and I begged off gym class as I was
ashamed of my ugly bruised and scabby body.
    My only consolation was that he thought I was wonderful to
submit to pain too terrible to allow me to overcome it with
excitement.
    Of course he delighted in demonstrating his power over me at
parties and would go along with almost any form of torture his
friends thought up that their girls would not do.
     One night they put me in the bathtub and had me be their
toilet. I had to hold my mouth open while the boys and girls peed
in it. I didn't have to swallow it but it would run out of my
mouth and down on my body. I smelled awful when the time was up.
Even the people who normally drank booze chose to drink beer so
there was a line of people waiting their turn for the whole two
hours. I felt terribly humiliated but was consoled by the
amazement of everyone at my willing to submit to anything to
please Todd.
    I began to doubt Todd's love since he was having me fuck or
suck his friends but he told me that there was no reason for him
to get jealous since I was doing it only because he ordered it
and only if he or I were compensated.
    I got really good at sucking cock, I learned to get even the
biggest cocks down my throat and learned to make my tongue
flutter on  a girl's clit to make her scream with crashing
orgasms. At least four or five times a night a girl or guy would
ask Todd to have me suck them off. He never refused as long as
they reciprocated by letting him give their girl a painful
whipping afterward or give me a light whipping while I was
fucking or sucking so I could have an orgasm. The guy's would
always volunteer their girls. Todd made them earn it by whipping
their nipples or clits with a hard skinny whip I had told him was
very painful.
    I enjoyed telling them they were wimps when they screamed and
sobbed trying to break loose from the people holding them with
their legs spread for the ordeal.
    He made one exception in his decision not to puncture me. For
one of the parties he thought it would be wild to make a shiny
bathing suit for me by covering my breasts and pussy lips with
thumb-tacks. He bent the points into a hook then sharpened them
so they would stay in and put them in early so all the bleeding
would stop before we got there. By the time we got to the party I
found they did not hurt bad unless I let my legs get too close
together. I was the talk of the party! Everybody wanted a close
inspection and to press on the tacks. Thank God he had left the
nipples bare.
    Later on that night one of the guys put on a "Demonstration."
    He had his girl kneel then tied her wrists and elbows behind
her back so her tits were pushed out. I knew just what she was
feeling as he put eight big fish-hooks in each breast. I winced
as every one dug in. I watched in disbelief as he picked up the
heavy nylon line tied to the hooks and lifted her off the ground
with her tits. All she could do was scream through her nose as he
had put a ball-gag in her mouth as soon as she knelt down. I knew
she would end up with stretch marks on her tits like mine. I
prayed that Todd would not want to do that with me. When I asked
him I was relieved to hear him say,
    " Hell no. I don't need to copy somebody else's Idea."
    He didn't want to be one-upped though so he announced he had
a contest. They were to guess how many thumb-tacks I had in me
and the best guess would be able to give me that many lashes
followed by one of my famous blowjobs.
     When he had gathered the slips of paper with their name and
guess on them he arranged them by number. I noticed that some
people had guessed the same number. I hoped I wouldn't have to
take a double or triple dose if one of those numbers were right.
I was relieved to hear the rules.
    " I will take out the tacks one at a time so you know the
count is right. If there is more than one winner and the lashes
don't come out equally when divided we will add enough so each
winner will get the same count."
    He had me stand untied in front of them with my legs spread
as far as they would go then started removing the tacks. With the
little hooks they hurt more coming out than they had going in.
When he had it out he would hold it up in the air till the
audience yelled the number then drop it in a bowl. 
    I would have guessed a hundred or more. The count took
forever and the pain seemed to increase with each one. The nearly
constant pain got to me. By the last tack I was panting and juice
was beginning to drool from my cunt.
    The count was 87 and since there were two winners Todd raised
the count to 88 so they would each have 44. A girl and a guy had
the winning numbers. I was not happy about the girl as she would
know the most sensitive places to hit me and they always hit
harder than the boys trying to get me to scream and beg for mercy
like they did when it was their turn to be lashed. No matter how
bad it was I tried to keep my reactions to whimpers and moans
because I knew it made Todd proud for me to be brave.
    They decided that they would make it a team effort with both
of them hitting me at once. They also decided not to tie me so I
could get into different positions for them.  This was bad. They
would hit me five or six times each then stop to decide on
another position while people in the audience yelled out
suggestions. With the concentration and will-power it took to
hold position and delays between lashes to decide on and assume
the positions I was afraid I was just going to end up with a body
on fire without the compensation of orgasm. Some of the positions
took a lot of willpower. Especially squeezing my tits out and up
with my hands while arching back so they could lash the nipples.
Your natural inclination when your nipples are hit is to hunch
over and put your hands over them. In the effort to keep from
doing that I found I was squeezing them more with each lash
making them harder and more sensitive. The same with lying on
your back and holding your legs up and out so they can lash your
pussy. You just have to bring your legs together on some of the
harder ones. I would much rather have them tied apart.
    Thankfully they hit on a position they both loved. They put
me on one of the tables, put my ass up on a concrete block to
make my snatch and anus accessible. My head and shoulders went
off the end of the table to arch my back and stick out my tits
then they tied my wrists and ankles together. They used their
last thirty some lashes in that position and I was able to go
into mind boggling orgasms as they whipped every accessible inch
of my torso.
    I was so weak from the pain and exhaustion from my orgasms I
had to rest about a half hour before I was ready to give the
blowjobs with everyone gathered around to cheer when the girl
screamed and laugh at the boy's grotesque face as he became
close.
    Todd made it up to me later when he put on my salve, went
down on me and kissed and hugged me till we went to sleep.
    I had never used birth control since I was not old enough to
go on the pill without approval of my parents. God knows Todd and
the other guys were not going to take time to put on rubbers.
Since I was being fucked two or three times a day I naturally got
pregnant.
    I was so dumb I was happy about it. I was sure Todd would
marry me eventually and this would just hurry him along. I
hurried over after leaving the doctors office to tell Todd.
    " Todd! I'm pregnant. Isn't it wonderful! I hope it looks
just like you." His reaction devastated me.
    " Are you out of your fucking mind! Get an abortion. I am not
about to drag some dumb bitch and a squalling rug-rat through
college."
    " Todd! I can't kill our baby!"
    " Then get lost bitch. Don't try to call me.
    I was crying so hard it was hard to keep the car on the road
as I went home to tell my parents.  When I told my story my dad
got enraged and stormed out of the house. I found out later he
went to Todd's parents and told them that if he did not marry me
he would have him put in jail for statutory rape since I was so
young. 
    Todd's lawyer insisted on a blood test. ninety-five per cent
of the times I got fucked it was with Todd yet it turned out
someone else was the father. Even worse someone at the parties
were taking poloroid pictures that showed me fucking and sucking
several different boys and even eating girl's pussies.
From that time on my life was pure hell. My father would have
nothing to do with me saying he did not blame Todd for not
wanting to marry such a slut. When he had to talk to me he called
me a tramp or whore. None of the preppie kids would recognize I
was alive and my old school friends were mad because I had
ignored them while I was going with Todd.
    If that wasn't enough I miscarried in my fourth month. The
doctor in the emergency room told me that if my doctor had made a
more thorough examination he would have known it was impossible
for me to carry a baby to term as there was something I did not
understand wrong with me. He suggested I have my tubes tied or
else have one miscarriage after another which could be dangerous.
I followed his advice later on.
    I just couldn't stand it around home any longer so I sold the
rings Todd had given me and ran away. 
    I guess it has worked out alright. I ended up making a porn
movie in California to keep from starving. Now I am an S&M queen.
I have even been in some "R" rated movies when they wanted
authenticity in their torture scenes. Audiences assume my
whipping and tortures are faked but they aren't because I need
the thrill of orgasms that I can't get in any other way. 
    Directors and producers love me because they don't have to go
to the expense of special effects. I even get speaking parts in
order to develop my character so the audience can feel sorry for
me when I am tortured. They can't tell the difference between
hitting the limit of pain and crashing orgasms.
    I have tons of money from doing the things that thrill me the
most. I am getting quite a few scars on my body especially from
being burned by cigarettes or candles but if they get too bad I
can afford plastic surgery.
    Look for me in the movies. I am the one with the star brand
on my left breast. It looks like a tattoo but it isn't. It was
made by rubbing red pigment into the raw flesh left by a red-hot
branding iron. It caused the most exquisite pain of my career.

                             The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





